tatsumi,let me go!
tatsumi,put me down!
leone,hmm?
leone,yeah!
both,whoa!
driver a,i-it is an earth dragon!
tatsumi,first-class danger beast, earth dragon...
tatsumi,a worthy opponent.
tatsumi,you are angry, huh?
tatsumi,it is over.
driver a,that was amazing!
driver b,you actually took a danger  beast down single-handedly!
tatsumi,of course!
tatsumi,for me, that was nothing.
tatsumi,defeating him was a piece of cake!
tatsumi,by the way, i am tatsumi...
tatsumi,a name that will be famous  throughout the imperial capital.
tatsumi,you should remember it.
driver a,you are saying you want to make  it big in the imperial capital?
tatsumi,yeah!
tatsumi,win success and fame in the imperial capital...  it is every country boy's dream!
driver a,the imperial capital is not the place of hopes  and dreams that you think.
driver a,it is definitely lively,
,but there are monsters even  worse than that earth dragon.
tatsumi,what?
tatsumi,you mean there are danger  beasts in the city, too?
driver a,it is the people...
driver a,humans, but their hearts are those of monsters.
driver a,the capital's full of people like that.
tatsumi,i appreciate your advice,
tatsumi,but i cannot turn back now.
tatsumi,i...
tatsumi,no, we...
tatsumi,we are going to make it in the imperial  capital, and save our village!
narration,just as humans eventually rot away,
narration,countries collapse, as well.
narraton,even the imperial capital, which has  prospered for a thousand years,
narration,is now a living hell of corruption.
narration,evil spirits take human form and run amok,
narration,claiming everything as their own.
narration,those evils which heaven cannot judge...
narration,they will be dealt with in the darkness.
narration,by us...
narration,the assassins.
title,kill the darkness
,kill the darkness
tatsumi,wow!
tatsumi,awesome!
tatsumi,so this is the imperial capital...
tatsumi,if i make good money here,  i could buy the entire village!
tatsumi,i should head for the barracks!
reception,oh...
reception,you are an applicant, too, huh?
reception,fill out this form and bring it back to me.
tatsumi,this means...
tatsumi,i will be starting out in the infantry?
reception,obviously.
tatsumi,who has time for that?!
tatsumi,look at my technique...
tatsumi,if i show promise, would you start  me out as a commanding officer?
reception,get out!
tatsumi,what was that about?
tatsumi,why not test me out?
reception,do not be ridiculous!
reception,due to the recession,  we are flooded with applicants...
reception,there are limits as to how many we can hire!
tatsumi,oh, really?
reception,if you get it, scram, you damned brat!
tatsumi,do i because a scene and make  a reputation for myself?
tatsumi,but i might get caught...
leone,hi!
tatsumi,hmm?
leone,something seems to be troubling you, young man.
leone,want a lady to lend a hand?
tatsumi,s-so this is the imperial capital...
leone,what is wrong with you?
leone,drawn by dreams of making it in the capital,  you came all the way from the country?
tatsumi,how did you know that?
leone,i knew at once.
leone,if you have lived in the capital long enough,  you can identify outsiders.
leone,anyway...
leone,i know a quick way to get hired  for government services.
leone,seriously?
leone,want to know how?
tatsumi,yes, yes!
leone,then treat a lady to a meal!
leone,drinking during the day sure is fantastic!
leone,have a drink, young man!
leone,let us have some fun!
tatsumi,just tell me how to get hired by the government!
leone,well, that is simply...
leone,having connections and money.
tatsumi,m-money?
leone,i know a guy in the military...
leone,if you give him cash, it will be real quick!
tatsumi,i get it.
tatsumi,then...
tatsumi,would this be enough?
leone,oh, absolutely!
tatsumi,on my way here, i collected some  rewards for slaying danger beasts.
leone,so you are strong.
leone,you will be a commanding officer in no time!
tatsumi,that is right! i will leave it to you!
leone,i think your encounter with me will  serve as a valuable lesson, kid.
leone,i am going to go take care of this,  so wait there for me, okay?
tatsumi,okay!
owner,sir, we are closing soon.
tatsumi,oh, i am waiting for someone...
owner,sorry to break it to you,  but you have been swindled.
tatsumi,eh?
tatsumi,huh?!
owner,to think you would be so trusting in the  imperial capital at a time like this...
tatsumi,th-that is fraud!
tatsumi,i am reporting her!
owner,it is no use...
owner,the one who got swindled is at fault.
tatsumi,damn it...
tatsumi,after paying for that meal,  i am completely broke...
tatsumi,those boobs...
tatsumi,i mean, that woman!
tastumi,is this the valuable lesson  you were talking about?
tatsumi,damn...
tatsumi,no one from the country would lie like that...
tatsumi,oh, well...
tatsumi,guess i am sleeping outside.
tatsumi,i can sleep anywhere.
aria,stop.
driver,again, my lady?
aria,you know i cannot help it.
aria,it is my nature.
aria,if you have nowhere to sleep,  would you like to stay at my home?
sign,now skeptical  of everything
tatsumi,i do not have any money...
aria,you would not be sleeping  here if you did, would you?
driver,lady aria cannot ignore people like you.
driver,you should accept her generosity.
aria,what would you like to do?
tatsumi,well...
tatsumi,i guess it is better than sleeping outside...
aria,it is settled, then!
father,oh...
father,aria's brought someone home again.
mother,my...
mother,it is simply her habit.
mother,i wonder how many there have been.
aria,mother!
tatsumi,th-thank you...
tatsumi,those guys over there are really strong...
father,there is no need to be nervous.
tatsumi,maybe it is because of those guys
mother,i bet you are hungry.
tatsumi,that they do not feel threatened,  being kind to a stranger...
tatsumi,it is nice to know there are kind people like these...
tatsumi,even in the imperial capital.
tatsumi,thank you very much for taking me in!
father,i see...
father,you want to gain military success,  and save your village.
tatsumi,yes, sir.
father,but you know...
father,within the imperial capital, it is peaceful.
father,however, this country is surrounded  by three different races...
father,you could be assigned to the  international border to fight.
tatsumi,i have prepared myself for that.
father,i see.
father,what impressive spirit!
father,this is exactly how the young should be.
aria,did you come from the village  all by yourself, tatsumi?
tatsumi,no, with three others.
tatsumi,the thing is...
tatsumi,all right! we will be on our way, chief!
chief,right.
chief,you have had the ability to fortify  one another's strengths
chief,take that ability, and grab  your chance for success.
sayo,leave it to us.
sayo,we will bring wealth to the village.
ieyasu,that way, we will not starve to death!
ieyasu,well, it will probably take ten years for  master ieyasu's name to become known.
sayo,ieyasu will probably get the guillotine  for breaking the law.
ieyasu,hey, sayo!
ieyasu,stop saying things that might actually happen!
chief,it seems you all have enough spirit.
chief,now, tatsumi...
chief,here is my last parting gift.
chief,take this with you.
chief,when in need...
tatsumi,sell it, right?
chief,no!
chief,keep it close to you.
chief,and god will surely help you.
tatsumi,yeah.
tatsumi,thank you, chief!
tatsumi,and we left with high spirits...
tatsumi,but soon after, bandits attacked us.
tatsumi,and we have been separated ever since.
mother,oh, dear...
tatsumi,they are strong, so i am not  necessarily worried, but...
tatsumi,but ieyasu is unbelievably bad with directions...
ieyasu,what did you say?!
tatsumi,i wonder if he will even be able to find  where we are supposed to meet...
father,very well, then.
tatsumi,hmm?
father,i will put in a good word with  a military acquaintance.
father,and i will request a search for those two, as well.
tatsumi,really?
tatsumi,thank you so much!
aria,my intuitions are usually spot on.
aria,i think you will see the two of them soon.
tatsumi,miss aria...
tastumi,i am lucky.
tatsumi,in the end, i was saved by kind people.
tatsumi,now it is just sayo and ieyasu...
tastumi,i hope they both got to the capital safely.
aria,next, we are going to that store!
guards,please wait, my lady!
tatsumi,her shopping is pretty intense, is not it?
tatsumi,the sheer amount is getting silly.
guard,it is not just the lady...
guard,all women are like this.
tatsumi,really?
tatsumi,those i know choose what to wear right away.
sayo,because there is nothing else to wear!
guard,but anyway, tatsumi.
tatsumi,yes?
guard,take a look at that.
tatsumi,huh?
guard,over there, you can see in the distance
guard,the imperial capital's center, the palace.
tatsumi,it is huge!
tatsumi,is that where the great emperor is,  the one who can change a country?
guard,no...
guard,it is a little different than that.
guard,there is an emperor, but he is only a child.
guard,the prime minister controls the  emperor from the shadows.
guard,and he is the reason why this country rots.
tatsumi,the min—
guard,do not say anything suspicious.
guard,if anyone hears us, they will have our heads.
tatsumi,then...
tatsumi,my village also suffers from  heavy taxation because...
guard,in the capital, it is an accepted practice.
guard,and there are others like those over there.
tatsumi,night raid?
guard,they are a group of assassins that is  terrifying the imperial capital.
guard,as the name suggests, they attack  their victims at night.
guard,they mainly target high-ranking executives  and the capital's upper class.
guard,prepare yourself, just in case.
tatsumi,yes, sir.
guard,also, could you do something about that?
tatsumi,huh?
tatsumi,what kind of training is this?!
mother,now, then...
mother,maybe i will write in my diary today.
mother,i just cannot stop this hobby.
mother,eh?
shelle,my apologies.
tatsumi,what is going on?
tatsumi,murderous intent?
tatsumi,it cannot be...
tatsumi,that is...
tatsumi,night raid!
tatsumi,night raid...
tatsumi,just because they are wealthy,  you will target this place, too?
tatsumi,what do i do?
tatsumi,do i back them up?
tatsumi,or should i guard?
lubbock,our targets are three guards, akame.
akame,they will be eliminated.
guard,listen, do not touch that sword.
guard,a fitting end for someone like me,
guard,whose true nature is rotten...
guard b,what is with these guys?
guard b,they are monsters!
mine,how pathetic...
mine,running when facing the enemy.
lubbock,though who would not run  in those circumstances?
tatsumi,completely annihilated in an instant...
tatsumi,i must at least protect miss aria!
father,h-help...
father,i have a daughter...
leone,calm down.
leone,you will be with her on the other side.
father,even my daughter...
father,have you no mercy?
leone,mercy?
leone,what is that?
guard c,hurry, my lady! this way!
aria,what is going on?
guard c,we must get to the storehouse!
guard c,it will be safe there!
tatsumi,found you!
aria,tatsumi?
guard c,you came at a good time...
guard c,we are going into the storehouse,  and waiting for the authorities.
guard c,in the meantime, you fend them off.
tatsumi,that is impossible—
tatsumi,i guess i have no choice!
akame,not a target.
guard c,damn!
akame,target.
akame,eliminate.
akame,eliminate.
tatsumi,hold it!
akame,you are not a target.
akame,there is no need to kill you.
tatsumi,but you plan to kill this girl, do not you?
akame,yep.
tatsumi,"yep"?!
akame,if you get in my way, i will kill you.
tatsumi,that does not mean i can just run!
akame,is that so?
akame,then i shall eliminate you.
leone,so dirty! dirty!
leone,how unusual... akame has not  finished them off yet?
leone,huh? wait!
leone,jeez...
leone,how unlucky can one guy be?
tatsumi,this is not someone i can defeat  in my current state...
tatsumi,but i cannot worry about that.
tatsumi,if i cannot even save this one girl,
tatsumi,how will i save an entire village?
tatsumi,oh, crap!
aria,tatsumi!
tatsumi,you will not even lower your  guard and come near me?
aria,i did not feel any flesh.
tatsumi,everyone from my village protected me.
leone,to survive after taking one of akame's hits...
leone,that kid's pretty good.
akame,eliminate.
tatsumi,wait a second...
tatsumi,are not you guys after money?
tatsumi,let her go!
tatsumi,it is not like we are at war...
tatsumi,yet you are willing to kill an innocent girl?
tatsumi,it is no use... she is not listening  to anything i say!
leone,hold on.
akame,what are you doing?
leone,we still have time, right?
leone,i owe this kid a favor.
leone,i figured i would repay it.
tatsumi,you are those boobs from earlier!
leone,that is right! the beautiful lady!
leone,young man...
leone,you said something about  killing the innocent, did not you?
leone,will you be able to say the  same thing after seeing this?
leone,take a good look.  this is the imperial capital's darkness.
tatsumi,wh-what the hell is this?
leone,they lure people from the countryside  with sweet words,
leone,torturing them and playing with  them until they are dead.
leone,that is what this household really is.
tatsumi,sayo...
tatsumi,hey, sayo?
tatsumi,is that you, sayo?
leone,is it someone you knew?
leone,hold on...
leone,are not you asking for a bit much,  trying to run away like that?
tatsumi,the people of this household did this?
leone,that is right.
leone,since the guards kept quiet,  they were just as guilty.
aria,that is a lie!
aria,i did not even know this place existed!
aria,will you believe the one who  saved you or these people?
ieyasu,tatsumi...
ieyasu,it is you, right, tatsumi?
ieyasu,it is me...
tatsumi,i-ieyasu?
ieyasu,that girl invited sayo and me to her home.
ieyasu,and after we ate, we lost consciousness...
ieyasu,and when we came to, we were here...
ieyasu,th-that girl tortured sayo to death!
aria,what is so wrong with that?!
aria,you are all worthless hicks from the country!
aria,the same as cattle!
aria,i am free to do whatever i want to them, are not i?
aria,and that woman...
aria,even though she was just cattle,  her hair was smooth!
aria,who does she think she is?
aria,when i struggle with my unruly hair!
aria,that is why i made sure she  suffered as much as possible!
aria,she should be grateful anyone paid  that much attention to her!
leone,a family of sadists, disguised as good samaritans!
leone,sorry for getting in your way.
akame,eliminate.
tatsumi,wait.
leone,do not tell me...
leone,you still want to defend her?
tatsumi,no...
tatsumi,i will kill her!
leone,i know that he despised her now,
leone,but he killed her without hesitation.
ieyasu,that is tatsumi for you...
ieyasu,that felt great!
tatsumi,ieyasu!
tatsumi,ieyasu...
akame,it is the final stages of lubora.
akame,the mother of the house enjoyed  drugging her victims.
akame,and she wrote about it in detail in her diary.
akame,he cannot be saved.
ieyasu,tatsumi...
tatsumi,ieyasu!
ieyasu,sayo... she never gave into that bitch.
ieyasu,even to the very end,
ieyasu,she was so cool...
ieyasu,so master ieyasu has to have
ieyasu,a cool end...
akame,it seems he kept himself alive by will alone.
tatsumi,what is going on in the capital?
akame,let us go.
leone,hey...
leone,why do not we bring the kid with us?
leone,our secret base is always short-handed!
tatsumi,what are you doing? release me!
leone,he has luck, courage, and even  skill! would not you agree?
tatsumi,i have to dig a grave for those two!
leone,oh, i will bring their bodies  to our secret base later,
leone,so do not worry!
tatsumi,huh?
tatsumi,let go of me!
mine,you are late!
mine,what were you doing?
mine,and what is that thing?
leone,our new friend!
tatsumi,huh?
leone,oh? did i not tell you?
leone,from now on, you are one of us.
leone,congratulations on becoming  a member of night raid!
tatsumi,why is this happening?!
akame,give up.
akame,once she is made up her mind,  leone will not give up.
leone,as expected, you know me so well...
leone,bulatcchi, i will leave him to you!
tatsumi,let go of me...
tatsumi,i have no intention of becoming an assassin!
bulacchi,it will be okay...
bulacchi,i promise it will get better.
tatsumi,wh-what will?
akame,mission complete. time to return.
tatsumi,what is up with this turn of events?!
tatsumi,what is going to happen to me?
title,kill the authority
,