,episode 19:  black flash
,episode 19:  black flash
fushiguro,are you all right, inumaki-senpai?
toge,salmon.
kamo,here it comes!
toge,stop.
kamo,convergence!
kamo,piercing blood!
fushiguro,he wounded it?
fushiguro,so he was not serious at all  when he fought me, then?
kamo,hurry! he is just going to heal right away!
kamo,inumaki will stop it,
,we will attack, and then  we will get away from it.
kamo,then we repeat that as we  try to get outside this veil
,and rejoin the principal and the others.
kamo,but there is no telling when the  current balance will fall apart.
kamo,his cursed speech is not  affecting it much anyway,
kamo,and we are not getting a chance  to contact the teachers.
kamo,if it figures out how to deal with  his cursed speech, we are finished.
kamo,hurry!
kamo,we do not know what  the cursed spirit's after.
kamo,there is a chance the principal and
kamo,the other sorcerers stationed at  jujutsu tech have not taken action.
kamo,i would like to quickly rejoin toudou,
kamo,or at the very least, miwa, but...
fushiguro,inumaki-senpai will stop it.
fushiguro,do not worry! just go!
toge,st—
kamo,he is the one hitting his limit first?!
fushiguro,are you alive, kamo-san?
fushiguro,he was not using powerful words,  but it still destroyed his throat.
fushiguro,it is just that much stronger!
toge,mustard leaf.
fushiguro,inumaki-senpai...
fushiguro,that is enough!
toge,blast away!
hanami,you cannot cut me with that dull blade.
fushiguro,its eye trees are more  fragile than the rest!
hanami,now this sword is not so bad.
maki,i have something even better.
maki,this one feels disgusting to use, though.
ijichi,"cursed tools" refers to  weapons imbued with curses.
ijichi,based on their force and effects,
ijichi,they are divided into grades one through four, just like sorcerers.
ijichi,the higher a cursed tool's grade,
ijichi,the greater the advantage it  provides in jujutsu combat.
maki,megumi, make absolutely  sure you do not lose that.
fushiguro,i will not lose it.
maki,if you sold it, you would get  at least five billion for it.
fushiguro,huh?
maki,special-grade cursed tool:
maki,playful cloud!
hanami,indeed, that is a good weapon.
fushiguro,demon dog...
fushiguro,with the exception of my expanded  technique, bottomless well,
fushiguro,if any of my ten shikigami  are completely destroyed,
fushiguro,i can never manifest them again.
fushiguro,however, the power and techniques  of the destroyed shikigami
fushiguro,are passed on to the others.
fushiguro,...totality!
hanami,it is fast.
hanami,it is trying to take off  my wounded arm first?
hanami,the sorcerer boy is in the forest...
hanami,the boy's sword!
fushiguro,maki-san!
fushiguro,please do not ever make me use  that three-section staff again!
fushiguro,it is too hard to use!
maki,it is handy once you get used—
maki,megumi!
fushiguro,maki-san!
fushiguro,damn it! all because i screwed up!
hanami,my strike was aimed for your heart.
hanami,what a wonderful reaction.
hanami,jujutsu sorcerers are  extraordinarily compassionate.
hanami,an opening is always created  when their ally is injured.
maki,it is destroyed?!
maki,no, megumi released the technique!
hanami,you should not use cursed techniques anymore.
hanami,the bud embedded in you loves cursed energy.
hanami,the more you use techniques, the deeper  its roots will extend into your body.
fushiguro,how kind of you to warn me.
fushiguro,you are planning to kill us anyway, though.
hanami,apparently, it works faster  when i explain it.
hanami,you move well.
hanami,but you are missing the edge you had earlier.
fushiguro,wring out that cursed energy,
fushiguro,even if it rips my stomach open!
fushiguro,i am not like everyone else.
fushiguro,i choose who i protect.
fushiguro,i shoulder the least responsibility!
fushiguro,therefore...
fushiguro,i am not allowed to fall before anyone else!
maki,megumi, stop!
maki,our job is done.
maki,it is time to tag out.
toudou,you good to go, my friend?
yuuji,yeah!
,jujutsu kaisen
momo,so heavy...
momo,i cannot believe these two  were beaten this badly.
momo,we are counting on you, toudou-kun.
momo,your strength is the one thing  you have got going for you.
fushiguro,stop, itadori!
fushiguro,that is not something we can han—
toudou,panda.
panda,yeah?
toudou,take those two and exit the veil.
toudou,according to nishimiya,  this is an anti-gojou satoru veil,
toudou,so we can come and go without issue.
fushiguro,wait! even you cannot—
yuuji,fushiguro.
yuuji,it is okay.
yuuji,please.
toudou,looks like you have realized it.
toudou,nobody is allowed to touch those  who have started growing wings.
toudou,and that is exactly where  itadori stands right now.
fushiguro,if you die again, i will kill you myself!
panda,okay, let us go.
panda,pandash!
yuuji,guess i cannot afford to die now.
toudou,i will not lift a finger to help,
toudou,itadori.
toudou,not until you land a black flash.
toudou,if you cannot land a black flash,
toudou,then i will just watch you die,
toudou,no matter what happens to you.
yuuji,got it!
hanami,sukuna's vessel and... who is that man?
hanami,he has a certain presence,
hanami,but the amount of cursed energy he possesses
hanami,is most definitely less than mine.
hanami,however, he has that mysterious brazenness.
hanami,he must have quite the technique,
hanami,since i could not move carelessly before him.
hanami,and what is this "black flash"?
hanami,so, how will they attack?
yuuji,you can talk?
yuuji,there is something i want to ask you.
yuuji,are you allied with
yuuji,a humanoid cursed spirit  who has a patchwork face?
hanami,and if i say i am?
hanami,he did not carelessly close the distance.
hanami,i commend him for that.
hanami,he is fast!
hanami,he has more explosive power  than the earlier girl!
hanami,however, its intensity is poor.
yuuji,its torso's wide open!
yuuji,it is letting its guard down because i held back.
yuuji,i can land it now!
yuuji,black flash!
yuuji,damn it!
toudou,my friend.
toudou,anger is an important trigger for sorcerers.
toudou,sometimes they can be taken down
,purely because they accidentally  angered their foe.
toudou,and the opposite is also true.
toudou,sometimes they lose because their  own anger disrupts their cursed energy,
,so they cannot exercise their abilities.
toudou,your friend has been wounded,
toudou,and worse yet, they have rained on your  honeymoon with me, your best friend,
toudou,so i can really understand  why you would be boiling with rage.
toudou,but that rage is too much for you.
toudou,put it away for now.
hanami,are they fighting each other?
toudou,are those stray thoughts gone now?
yuuji,yeah, not a single one left.
yuuji,thank you so much, best friend!
toudou,black flash.
toudou,it is a distortion of space born  from the impact of cursed energy
,delivered within a trillionth  of a second of a blow.
toudou,it delivers 2.5 times the  force of a normal strike.
toudou,there are no sorcerers who can  consistently use black flash.
toudou,however...
toudou,between those who have experienced  black flash and those who have not,
toudou,their distance from the core of cursed energy  is like that of heaven from earth.
hanami,what tremendous concentration...
toudou,the instant cursed energy impacts  within a trillionth of a second of a blow,
toudou,space is distorted...
toudou,and cursed energy flashes black.
yuuji,black flash!
hanami,wha—
toudou,he is grown.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
toudou,he is grown.
yuuji,that was... black flash?
yuuji,what?
,this is my cursed energy, right?
toudou,now you understand  the taste of cursed energy.
toudou,up until now,
,you have just been throwing an  ingredient you have never tasted before
,into a pot and boiling it  without knowing why.
toudou,but after experiencing black flash
toudou,and understanding the taste of  your ingredient, your cursed energy,
toudou,you stand on a completely different level  as a chef than you did three seconds ago.
toudou,congratulations, brother.
toudou,you can become strong.
hanami,i had heard that sukuna's vessel  was immature as a sorcerer,
hanami,but he and this mysterious man...
hanami,something about them is different  from the other masses.
yuuji,it can heal?!
toudou,a cursed spirit's body is made  up of cursed energy.
toudou,unlike us, they do not need any advanced  reversed cursed technique to heal.
toudou,an injury like that is  nothing to a special-grade.
toudou,but there is no doubt that it  shaves away their cursed energy,
toudou,and if you crush their head, it is game-set.
toudou,now, shall we get cooking?
hanami,it would seem that
hanami,i should take you two somewhat seriously.
yuuji,what a wide range of attack!
toudou,do not falter!
toudou,that range means its force  and speed are weaker!
hanami,that hit hard!
hanami,their blows are not as bad as  that flashy black one before,
hanami,but each one possesses enough  force to steadily damage me!
yuuji,toudou! let us match our timing better!
toudou,yeah!
yuuji,our footing!
toudou,i messed up!
,i thought it was passing cursed  energy through real objects
,to manipulate that much mass!
toudou,but it is all the embodiment— the manifestation of its cursed energy!
toudou,that is a special-grade for you!
hanami,learn how great the land is!
toudou,attacking while we fall? that is brutal!
toudou,however...
toudou,brother!
yuuji,brother!
hanami,they dodged that?!
hanami,but what...
hanami,what is this feeling?!
mahito,you know, hanami,  you should be more honest.
hanami,i do not believe i am faking anything.
mahito,i do not mean to call you a liar.
mahito,i know why you are fighting.
mahito,but it is the process.
mahito,you should enjoy the battles,  the present, much more.
hanami,do you enjoy them?
mahito,well, yeah.
mahito,though...
mahito,it was only recently that the joy and pleasure  i feel in battle became my motive.
mahito,before i knew it, i was tricking,  deceiving, and murdering,
,and before i knew it, i felt fulfilled.
mahito,just as humans eat, sleep, and screw,  i think that is a curse's instinct.
mahito,we may have gained reason,
mahito,but that does not justify  going against our instincts.
mahito,the soul is a blend of instinct and reason.
mahito,no one can say anything  about an individual's ratio.
mahito,but your soul's a little constrained.
mahito,hanami, you are actually...
mahito,much stronger, are not you?
yuuji,ow...
yuuji,toudou!
toudou,i am fine!
yuuji,it just expended so much cursed energy!
toudou,now's our chance to strike!
toudou,you monster!
hanami,mahito, right now...
hanami,i am enjoying a fight!
toudou,you okay, brother?!
yuuji,no problemo!
toudou,excellent!
toudou,then it is time to unleash my technique!
both&screen,juju stroll
kumiya,coat rack!
kumiya,going to make a great coat rack!
mahito,hey, what kind of coat rack  would gojou satoru be?
kumiya,probably a standing coat rack.
kumiya,i would use his hip bone with the sacral bone  and coccyx as the base for the stand,
,then rework his femurs and  use them to stabilize it.
kumiya,i would use his spine's lumbar vertebrae,  thoracic vertebrae,
kumiya,and up to the third cervical vertebrae.
kumiya,to give it more height... let us see... ancient camphor wood would be good.
kumiya,i could alternate ancient camphor replicas  with the bones to accentuate the height.
kumiya,then i would extend the spinous process
,and transverse process based on the  overall balance to create the hangers.
kumiya,i would do that by grafting on  more ancient camphor.
kumiya,depending on the coloring, it could be good  to cover the skull with tanned hide.
kumiya,nice! very nice!
kumiya,i will be able to make a great coat rack!
mahito,no one needs it.
screen,episode 20:  nonstandard