yuji,i think i will go see a movie.
yuji,what about you, kugisaki?
kugisaki,it is still early. i will go shopping or something.
fushiguro,you all have so much energy.
fushiguro,i am going home, then.
yuji,take care.
kugisaki,finally done.
yuji,i am going to the movies. what about you?
kugisaki,what are you seeing?
yuji,human earthworm 4.
kugisaki,who would ever go see that?
kugisaki,i have not even seen 1, 2, or 3.
yuji,i think you would be fine jumping in on 4.
yuji,this time, the mad scientist  from the first one,
yuji,dr. richter, is making his  long-awaited reappearance!
boy,stop! let me go!
yuji,and the hybrid human-earthworm fusion  born from the doctor's experiments
yuji,is going to give rise to an  enhanced human earthworm!
kugisaki,what the hell? that is so gross.
yuji,the poor human earthworm, who barely  escaped from dr. richter with its life,
yuji,finally wanders into a campground  where a group of college students are,
yuji,and that is when the story really kicks off.
yuji,so, one of the people in that group is a kind  woman who is an animal rights proponent,
yuji,and the human earthworm  falls in love with her.
humanearthworm,i am no longer human.
woman,you are more human than anyone else.
man,it is a monster! kill it!
woman,kevin, stop!
woman,if we kill him, then we are the monsters!
babyhumanearthworm,papa.
babyhews,papa?
babyhews,are you okay?
babyhews,what is wrong?
phone,human earthworm 4
yuji,so the theme is actually love!
kugisaki,i do not want see some wormo man,  regardless of the theme.
yuji,it is "human earthworm."
kugisaki,it does not matter.
kugisaki,i am going shopping, okay?
kugisaki,want to come with?
yuji,i just said i am going to the movies.
kugisaki,okay. later, then.
gakuganji,special-grade is a rank reserved for  those sorcerers who are exceptional.
gakuganji,in my opinion, first-grade is  the true rank for the sorcerers
gakuganji,who will lead other sorcerers  and jujutsu society.
gakuganji,they must stand above comparison to semi-first- grades in terms of peril, secrecy, and salary.
gakuganji,now, with that in mind,  what did you just say?
mei,maki zen'in, panda...
todo,...megumi fushiguro, nobara kugisaki,  and my brother, yuji itadori.
todo,on my name as aoi todo...
mei,and on my name as mei mei...
both,i recommend those five  for first-grade sorcerer.
todo,those who are recommended  by at least two first-grades
todo,must carry out missions under  an active first-grade,
todo,or first-grade equivalent sorcerer.
todo,then, if they are deemed fit,  they will be promoted to semi-first-grade
todo,and proceed to be assigned  first-grade missions on their own.
todo,following the results of those missions,
todo,they either will or will not officially  become first-grade sorcerers.
todo,my brother will certainly accept  the recommendation.
todo,with sukuna still uncooperative,
todo,he will need to go on more dangerous missions
todo,to raise his chances of finding more fingers.
todo,you understand what  that means, right, ms. mei?
mei,what that means?  that is everything, mr. todo.
todo,a bright future...
todo,it means a bright future  where aoi todo and yuji itadori
todo,face missions together lies ahead of us!
mei,no...
todo,you do not have to say it.
todo,there is no guarantee i will be the first-grade  sorcerer assigned to accompany him.
todo,that is what you wanted to say, right?
todo,but i am certain of this!
todo,it is as certain as apples  falling from a tree!
todo,the two of us are drawn together!
todo,yes, it truly is destiny!
mei,no, i mean...
mei,the sorcerers who recommended him  cannot be assigned to accompany him.
mei,since we are the two that  recommended itadori-kun,
mei,someone else will have to accompany him.
mei,thanks for today.
mei,i will be leaving now, mr. todo.
ozawa,um, excuse me.
ozawa,you were with itadori-kun earlier, right?
kugisaki,huh?
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
waitress,welcome!
ozawa,this is what i looked like at our  middle school graduation ceremony.
kugisaki,huh?! seriously?! that was only six months ago!
kugisaki,what happened to you?!
ozawa,well, i have grown about  15 centimeters since then.
ozawa,that combined with the stress of moving  to tokyo and changing environments...
kugisaki,wow...
kugisaki,you are a real kuroko sato.
kugisaki,that is itadori.
ozawa,on graduation day, i worked up the  courage to ask for a photo with him.
ozawa,i actually wanted to ask  for his phone number,
ozawa,but it was already decided  that we would be moving to tokyo...
ozawa,so when i saw itadori-kun earlier,
ozawa,i thought maybe with  how i look now, i might...
kugisaki,wait... yuko, you mean...
kugisaki,it is like that, right?
ozawa,yes! it is like that!
kugisaki,hey, ijichi-san.
kugisaki,is fushiguro still riding with you?
kugisaki,i sent you the url for the restaurant i am at.
kugisaki,could you turn around and bring him here?
kugisaki,thanks! see ya soon!
kugisaki,someone who knows itadori well  is on his way here now.
ozawa,um...
kugisaki,we will talk to him about it first.
ozawa,um...
ozawa,if you are also interested in itadori-kun...
kugisaki,no.
kugisaki,even if hell froze over  and danced the lambada...
kugisaki,no.
kugisaki,my chest just felt weird.
kugisaki & screen,did my heart skip a beat?
screen,did my heart skip a beat?
fushiguro,yo, what is the big idea?
kugisaki,hey, fushiguro!
kugisaki,does itadori have a girlfriend?
fushiguro,huh?
kugisaki,this is yuko ozawa.
kugisaki,she is actually blah, blah, blah.
fushiguro,so it is like that?!
kugisaki,yeah, it is like that!
fushiguro,he definitely does not have a girlfriend.
kugisaki,your basis for that?
fushiguro,when he suddenly had to transfer to tokyo,  he did not seem particularly upset about it.
fushiguro,he also has a pinup  poster hanging in his room.
fushiguro,anyone with a girlfriend would not have  something like that hanging up, right?
fushiguro,because she would hate it.
kugisaki,are you the type to drink coffee black only  when women are around so you can show off?
kugisaki,stop that.
fushiguro,you called me out here  to ask me about this, right?
fushiguro,and i always drink it black.
ozawa,um, by the way, do you know what his type is?
fushiguro,he mentioned he likes tall girls.
kugisaki,you have a shot!
kugisaki,i will summon itadori!
kugisaki,you are okay with that, right, yuko?!
ozawa,yes!
phone,yuji itadori
phone,hey.
phone,family restaurant
phone,come.
phone,why?
phone,come.
phone,got it.
ozawa,that was curt.
kugiasawa,was it?
yuji,hey, fushiguro's here, too!
kugisaki,that was fast!
kugisaki,oh, crap.
fushiguro,what is that?
kugisaki,i did not tell itadori about yuko!
yuji,finding a money exchange was a pain,  so i traded in for prizes instead.
kugisaki,he definitely will not recognize her  after she changed so much!
yuji,who are you?
kugisaki,that is the number one line you do not want to  hear when reuniting with the one you adore!
kugisaki,itadori!
kugisaki,this girl is—
yuji,wait...
yuji,you are ozawa. what are you doing here?
yuji,what a coincidence.
student,okay, so which girl in our  class do you like, itadori?
yuji,none of them, really.
student,but if you had to pick!
yuji,huh?
yuji,if i had to pick, then... ozawa.
student,what?!
student,no way, man! she is fat!
yuji,is she?
yuji,but the way she eats and her handwriting  and stuff are super nice.
yuji,i mean, fish is hard to eat, you know?
student,i thought you said you liked  tall girls with big butts?
yuji,that is its own thing!
ozawa,it is easy for girls to get fat.
ozawa,i started off fat...
ozawa,but even i do not have any interest in  choosing someone who will not choose me.
ozawa,itadori-kun saw a side of me i was not aware of.
ozawa,i hated all the boys other than itadori-kun.
ozawa,but...
ozawa,"maybe with how i look now, i might..."
ozawa,i am living by the same  standards as the people i hate.
student,later.
student,see you tomorrow.
yuji,later.
yuji,see you later.
fushiguro,was that really okay?
fushiguro,they could have at least exchanged numbers.
kugisaki,i exchanged with her. it should be fine.
kugisaki,more importantly, fushiguro, i have finally realized my own feelings.
fushiguro,huh?
kugisaki,the thought that itadori  might land a girlfriend
kugisaki,before i get a boyfriend pisses me off.
fushiguro,that so?
yuji,sorry for the wait.
kugisaki,walk behind me.
yuji,huh? say what? what are you talking about?
fushiguro,here.
yuji,oh! thanks!
kugisaki,here.
yuji,huh? huh? what is this?
kugisaki,just while you are at it.
yuji,while i am at it?
kugisaki,you would feel bad making  a lady carry them, right?
yuji,sure.
yuji,oh, crap! the movie's starting!
yuji,hey, let us go!
kugisaki,huh?! hold up!
yuji,come on, come on, come on!
kugisaki,do not take mine with you!
kugisaki,there is no way i am watching some wormo man!
yuji,you want some popcorn, too, fushiguro?
yuji,you like caramel flavor, right?
fushiguro,do not just advance the conversation  assuming we are going to see wormo man.
yuji,i told you all, it is human earthworm 4!
screen,episode 30 it is like that
utahime,impossible!
utahime,working with a curse user is  one thing, but cursed spirits?!
gojo,yet, lately, cursed spirits of that level  have been popping up everywhere.
gojo,the person in question may think they are  only working with curse users, though.
gojo,i want to leave the investigation  of kyoto up to you, utahime.
utahime,this way.
utahime,you have heard from gojo about  the person leaking intel, right?
three,yes.
utahime,there is probably two or more people  in contact with the curse users.
utahime,one would be a higher-up,  well above the principal.
utahime,i will not be able to do  anything about that one.
utahime,the other would be someone passing  the information up to that higher-up.
utahime,that one is our current target.
utahime,they are only a suspect at this point,  so we will capture and interrogate them.
kugisaki,so, who from kyoto is it?
yuji,oh?!
kugisaki,that is why you asked those  of us from tokyo, right?
yuji,kugisaki, you are incredible.
utahime,the mole is...
miwa,mechamaru!
miwa,oh, there you are.
miwa,today's the last day  to turn in your notebook.
miwa,mechamaru?
mechamaru,sorry, miwa. i am going to sleep for a bit.
mechamaru,please take the notebook from my desk.
miwa,sleep? it is still only evening.
miwa,jeez!
screen,poke poke poke
miwa,he really did go to sleep.
miwa,i wonder where the real  mechamaru actually is.
utahime,mechamaru's real body,
utahime,kokichi muta, is in the basement here.
utahime,now, it is not like he is suspicious.
utahime,it is more that everyone else was not.
utahime,so the process of elimination  leaves us with him.
utahime,mechamaru's technique  is puppet manipulation.
utahime,thanks to his heavenly pact,
utahime,the range he can manipulate puppets  in extends throughout all of japan.
utahime,if he had unregistered puppets,
utahime,he could do the work of a mole as much as he wanted.
yuji,really?
yuji,that guy stood out a lot to me.
utahime,even if the puppet was  the size of a fly or a mosquito?
yuji,i see.
yuji,so those are options, too, huh?
utahime,we are here.
muta,they have arrived?
yuji,uh...
utahime,he got us.
fushiguro,but on the other hand...
kugisaki,now we are certain it is mechamaru.
muta,you are late.
muta,i thought you forgot about me.
geto,we would not make a blunder like that.
geto,you are personally familiar with the  terrifying nature of a pact, right?
mahito,he always smells moldy. i hate it.
mahito,and he is an enemy. let us just kill him quick.
geto,you cannot do that yet, mahito.
geto,he agreed to cooperate with us  and provide information.
geto,in exchange, we agreed to use your  idle transfiguration to fix his body.
geto,that is the pact we all forged, remember?
geto,killing him comes after fixing him.
geto,i wanted him to do some work  for us in shibuya, too,
geto,so that is a shame.
muta,"we will not lay a hand on the people  from the kyoto school."
muta,you are the ones who broke our pact first.
mahito,hanami's the one who did that.
mahito,you should not lash out at the wrong people.
muta,i have no intention of  arguing with cursed spirits.
muta,hurry up and fix me, scumbag.
mahito,maybe i will get carried away  and turn him into a caterpillar.
geto,mahito.
geto,pacts forged with others are very different  from pacts placed upon oneself.
geto,the first aspect of that is the  uncertain nature of the penalty.
geto,if you break a pact with yourself,  whatever you gained,
geto,the improvement to your own ability is lost,
geto,but this time, you cannot break it.
geto,if you break this pact,
geto,then we have no idea when or  what kind of disaster will befall us.
mahito,yeah, yeah.
mahito,you are lower than a scumbag, so be grateful.
mahito,idle transfiguration.
mahito,no fun at all.
mahito,celebrate a bit more.
muta,i will do that after i am finished here.
mahito,i suppose that is fair.
mahito,all right, shall we get started?
geto,want my help?
mahito,do not you dare. he is my toy.
mahito,he escaped?
mahito,well, it is not like we need to kill him.
mahito,how boring.
mahito,i wanted to have a match,  not go hunting, you know.
mahito,that is more like it!
screen,ultimate mechamaru, mode: absolute “armored puppet ultimate mechamaru prototype 0”
mahito,so you have been making  something like this in secret?
mahito,guess you were not a shut-in just for show.
mahito,he is inside it, right?
mahito,he would not want me to touch him, after all.
mahito,the cockpit...
mahito,the seat of his soul...
mahito,is the head!
systemvoice,expansion rate normal.
systemvoice,perception feedback severed.
muta,tsk. they lowered a veil.
muta,must be geto.
muta,it is not just attempting to trap me inside.
muta,it is cutting off signal, too.
muta,this will not be as easy as  it was for satoru gojo.
muta,that is right. my victory  condition is satoru gojo.
muta,i have to use any means necessary  to get in contact with satoru gojo,
muta,and tell him about the shibuya plot.
muta,then i will have him protect me.
muta,but even if i want to focus on geto,  the one who lowered this veil,
muta,mahito, is too dangerous to ignore.
muta,i will have to exorcise him first.
geto,go ahead, do not mind me.
muta,i am still at a disadvantage.
muta,but i have a chance to win.
muta,i have seen it all.
muta,i have all the time i was bound. all the  cursed energy i gained from that time.
muta,i will not hold anything back.
counter,17 years 1 month 29 days
counter,16 years
muta,charge, one year!
muta,burn him, mechamaru!
muta,ultra cannon!
miwa,i decided i would never tell anyone about  the things i truly want to keep secret
miwa,after i wrote what type of  boy i like in my profile book
miwa,back in grade school  and had everyone find out!
miwa,next time, "evening festival"!
screen,next episode evening festival
mai,what did you write?
miwa,mittermeyer.
mai,he does seem like he would be fast.