screen,23:14            shoto bunkamura street (outside the veil)
nitta,do not go, kugisaki-san!
nitta,remember what nanami-san said?
nitta,the whole reason they kept  quiet about ieiri-san—
kugisaki,...was to prevent me from doing  something reckless like this, right?
kugisaki,that is probably why these people  were late getting here, too.
kugisaki,but even so...
kugisaki,i cannot be the only one going back  when those two are out there fighting.
nitta,w-wait!
nitta,kugisaki-san!
screen,episode 43 right and wrong, part 2
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
mahito,i guess i should have asked dagon  to leave a few more humans for me.
mahito,still, this is plenty!
yuji,damn it!
yuji,are you okay?!
mob,y-yeah!
yuji,shit!
mahito,nice!
mahito,she is wary of both my hands.
mahito,she must have heard the report  from that 7:3 sorcerer, then.
mahito,you are no fun.
mahito,but i am only a double.
mahito,i can still alter my own shape,
mahito,but i cannot tweak transfigured humans
mahito,or interfere with the souls of others.
mahito,so thanks for wearing your  nerves down all on your own!
mahito,i already told you,
mahito,that will not work on me.
mahito,you know that, right?
kugisaki,sometimes you still have to try,  despite knowing it is futile!
screen,so stupid!
kugisaki,for you.
kugisaki,hairpin!
mahito,she is jumping down?
mahito,what does this girl hope to achieve?
kugisaki,here is another!
kugisaki,hairpin!
mahito,she used the nails that had fallen before!
kugisaki,i have been thinking about it
kugisaki,ever since i heard about your technique.
kugisaki,i bet this one will work nicely on you.
kugisaki,resonance!
yuji,kugisaki?!
mahito,no way...
mahito,no way!
mahito,yuji itadori was not my only natural enemy?!
kugisaki,that is odd.
kugisaki,i just felt my cursed energy  explode far away from here.
kugisaki,the pressure from your cursed  energy is also lackluster,
kugisaki,and you could have just taken  hold of me earlier, too.
kugisaki,you are...
kugisaki,some kind of double who cannot  use its technique, are not you?
mahito,correct.
mahito,her technique's aftereffects  are lingering a long time!
mahito,i still cannot get my body  to move like it should!
yuji,kugisaki...
yuji,thank you.
yuji,i could not save anyone.
yuji,i caused everyone is efforts to end in vain.
yuji,but even so...
yuji,you have let me believe that i am not alone!
yuji,which is why...
yuji,i...
yuji,will kill you!
yuji,here and now!
kugisaki,now that resonance is working,
kugisaki,it should not fire off  attacks as rapidly as before.
kugisaki,this is where the real battle begins!
mahito,no...
mahito,i am running!
kugisaki,huh?!
kugisaki,hold it!
kugisaki,i could ignore it and head  straight for floor b5,
kugisaki,but if i let that thing run free,
kugisaki,it will just because more issues later.
kugisaki,underground?!
kugisaki,this is perfect!
kugisaki,i will exorcise it and keep  heading down to floor b5!
yuji,it split apart?!
yuji,which one?
yuji,one of them should have the fatal  portion of its soul for me to crush!
mahito,you fell for it!
yuji,shit! i got tricked by its cursed energy!
yuji,there are two mahitos?!
yuji,he had a double that was acting separately?!
yuji,so he is planning to merge  it back in and heal himself!
kugisaki,itadori?!
yuji,run! kugisaki!
mahito,hit you dead-on!
yuji,you are in my way!
yuji,kugisaki!
mahito,now, then...
mahito,i was not able to completely finish off  the 7:3 sorcerer with just one touch...
mahito,but what about her?
screen,the year 2009
kugisaki,die, damn it!
fumi's father,you are too naïve, nobara-chan.
fumi's father,you have to make sure you  crush their chance to recover.
kugisaki,at the time...
fumi,you can do it!
kugisaki,i thought everyone in my village was crazy,
kugisaki,and i was convinced i was the only sane one.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
fumi's mother,you will be using it until sixth grade, you know.
fumi's mother,are you sure?
fumi,yeah!
fumi,i know that is what my mother said,
fumi,but i chose the blue backpack anyway.
fumi,we moved to this village at the same  time i was starting elementary school.
fumi,my parents were worried about  the inconveniences of the countryside,
fumi,but i did not like being  separated from my friends.
fumi,there were nineteen  students in the whole school.
fumi,not just one class.
fumi,everyone had either a red  or a black backpack.
fumi,i liked both red and black,
fumi,but apparently everyone hated blue.
screen,cleaning duty chart let us all keep our school clean!
fumi,huh?
fumi,th-thank you.
kugisaki,hey,
kugisaki,let us trade backpacks, fumi!
fumi,huh?
kugisaki,let us trade!
fumi,huh?
kugisaki,i am number one in japan!
teacher,hey! kugisaki!
kugisaki,uh-oh!
teacher,kugisaki! you again?!
kugisaki,shut up, old geezer!
kugisaki,do not come near me!
fumi,my backpack came back to me  before the day was over.
kugisaki,i hate all backpacks in the first place.
fumi,huh?
fumi,after that day, nobara-chan started  coming over to my house a lot
fumi,and playing video games with my father.
father,you have gotten better at aerials.
fumi,nobara-chan hated the other villagers.
kugisaki,it is such a small village
kugisaki,that it is harder to be  strangers than friends.
fumi,i thought, "is not that a good thing?"
fumi,when the old lady next  door brought red rice
fumi,to celebrate my first  period several years later,
fumi,i finally understood the creepiness  that nobara-chan was referring to.
kugisaki,fumi!
kugisaki,i found a secret base!
fumi,sometimes nobara-chan would say  things you would not expect from a child,
fumi,but then she would suddenly  say things like that, too.
kugisaki,we are living here starting today!
fumi,thinking back, those were probably  things she picked up from someone else.
fumi,like her mother, maybe.
kugisaki,here it is!
fumi,nobara-chan's so-called secret base  was just someone else's house.
kugisaki,yahoo!
saori,oh, you really did come by.
saori,welcome. it is cold out, is not it?
fumi,the girl's name was saori-chan,
fumi,and she had moved into  the village after i had.
fumi,we always visited her out of the blue,
fumi,and she always welcomed us  without a hint of displeasure.
fumi,now that i think about it,  saori-chan was always at home.
fumi,nobara-chan changed  after she met saori-chan.
kugisaki,oh, yes! why, yes!
fumi,you sound like matsuko-san.
kugisaki,fumi, let me practice braiding your hair!
fumi,again?
fumi,her speech grew softer,
fumi,and it felt like she started  to become more refined.
fumi,we were both outsiders,
fumi,but everything was different  between me and saori-chan.
fumi,a little while after that,
fumi,things at saori-chan's house  started to look strange.
fumi,there was piled up trash, graffiti,
fumi,snow that was clearly piled up in front  of it by someone else, and so on.
fumi,it made her nice house  start to feel unsettling.
fumi,not too much longer after that,
fumi,saori-chan moved away.
fumi,i saw her off together with nobara-chan,
fumi,but i cannot remember what the weather was  like or what anyone said at the time.
fumi,i only remember nobara-chan bawling  with tears streaming down her face.
fumi,i realized she could cry, too,
fumi,and the shock of that meant  nothing else made it into my mind.
fumi,in june of this year,
fumi,nobara-chan was set to start  going to high school in tokyo.
fumi,she fought with her grandma over it,  and that apparently caused some delays.
kugisaki,okay! i am never coming back here again!
kugisaki,so make sure you get out of this  village at some point, too, fumi!
fumi,sure.
fumi,the awful thought of, "so she will not  cry for me," crossed my mind,
fumi,and left me unable to speak.
fumi,we never spoke of saori-chan  again after that day.
kugisaki,fumi.
kugisaki,let us make sure all three of us  are together when we meet again.
fumi,yeah!
coworker,saori, why do not you rest for a bit?
saori,i cannot. the proofs are due today...
saori,or i guess yesterday at this point?
coworker,it is still today until morning.
saori,ugh, i have a pimple!
coworker,shibuya's in trouble. terrorism, i guess?
saori,senpai, were you ever hoping to get married?
coworker,huh? where did this come from?
saori,well, i was just thinking it was not  supposed to turn out like this.
saori,i moved out into the sticks during  my second year of middle school.
senpai,a parent's work transfer?
saori,no, my mother was a crazy woman who  was into organics and spiritualism.
senpai,i think i get the picture.
saori,while i was there, i met these two girls...
saori,seven years younger, i guess, and this one,  nobara-chan, really took a liking to me.
saori,i was an only child,
saori,so i thought nobara-chan  was just the cutest thing ever,
saori,and i forced myself to act like an  older sister, hoping she would like me.
saori,i even served them tea.
saori,for first graders!
sempai,that is kind of cute.
saori,i never did give them  my contact info, though.
saori,i was afraid of us slowly  growing further apart,
saori,and she really cried her eyes  out when i left the village.
saori,but...
saori,i wonder if she would be disappointed  to see how i am now.
saori,i hope nobara-chan's doing well.
saori,i wonder where she is  and what she is up to now.
kugisaki,"everyone in the village was crazy."
kugisaki,that notion was never true.
kugisaki,but the crazy ones have the louder voices,
kugisaki,and make it seem like they are all there is
kugisaki,so they can trample all  over other people's lives.
kugisaki,though i guess that  was not entirely the case.
kugisaki,i am sorry, fumi.
kugisaki,i could not keep our promise.
kugisaki,itadori.
kugisaki,tell everyone for me:
kugisaki,life was not so bad!
yuji,kugisaki?
kugisaki,when i first stepped off at tokyo station,
kugisaki,i was a bit grossed out because the air  smelled like i was standing behind a truck.
kugisaki,now it does not bother me at all, though.
kugisaki,next time, "right and wrong, part 3."
screen,next episode right and wrong, part 3
kugisaki,i guess life's all about the dirt we pick up.