yuji,i am still wondering why i have to be executed.
sukuna,it is your fault!
yuji,i do not want to regret the way i lived!
fushiguro,but what are you going to do when someone  you saved kills someone else in the future?
grandpa,when you die, you should  be surrounded by people.
gojo,it is been decided that you will  be secretly executed.
yuji,i have already decided how i am going to die.
yoshino,that would mean people cursed me  and my mom with those hearts!
yuji,what is a proper death?
yuji,the value of life would become ambiguous...
yuji,i would not even understand the importance  of those i care about anymore.
yuji,and that scares me.
sukuna,it is your fault!
grandpa,when you die, you should  be surrounded by people.
grandpa,help others.
yuuji,guess i cannot afford to die now.
fushiguro,so i have never once regretted saving you.
kugisaki,we are accomplices.
yuji,i will not...
yuji,lose again.
yuji,then i am going to win.
choso,apologize...
choso,to my brothers in the afterlife!
grandpa,you are a strong kid, so help others.
nanami,are you ready to witness it, itadori-kun?
yuji,people die. there is no stopping that.
yuji,so i wanted them to at  least have proper deaths.
yaga,are you going to blame your grandfather  when you are killed by a curse, too?
yuji,...and have lots of them  watching over me when i die.
yuji,but tears were she would over  the lives i ended tonight.
sukuna,people are going to die because you live!
screen,episode 42 right and wrong
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
nanami,malaysia...
nanami,yeah...
nanami,malaysia...
nanami,kuantan would be nice.
nanami,i will build a home on a secluded beach.
nanami,i already have a mountain of books  that i have bought and never touched.
nanami,i will read through them page by page,
nanami,like i am taking back all the time i have lost.
nanami,no.
nanami,right now, i am going to save fushiguro-kun...
nanami,and maki-san?
nanami,what about naobito-san?
nanami,what happened to those two?
nanami,i am tired.
nanami,exhausted, even.
nanami,yeah, i am exhausted.
nanami,i have already done enough.
nanami,you are here?
mahito,i have been here. the whole time.
nanami,you are here?
mahito,i have been here. the whole time.
mahito,shall we chat for a bit?
mahito,you and i have gone at it  a few times, after all.
nanami,haibara, what was i even hoping  to accomplish in the end?
nanami,i ran.
nanami,i ran away, and yet i came back over  some vague reason like a job worth doing.
nanami,i cannot.
nanami,that is wrong.
nanami,i cannot, haibara.
nanami,i cannot say that.
nanami,it will just become a curse upon him.
yuji,nanamin...
nanami,i should not.
nanami,i sh—
nanami,itadori-kun.
nanami,you take it from here.
yuji,wha—
yuji,what the hell...
yuji,what the hell are you, mahito?!
mahito,you do not have to shout! i can hear you!
mahito,yuji itadori!
human,save me!
human,save me!
human,save me!
mahito,soul multiplicity!
mahito,body repel!
mahito,if only i would used a little more force,
mahito,i could have stabbed through your face.
yuji,how can you possibly
yuji,toy with countless
yuji,people's lives over and over?!
mahito,would you be satisfied if i counted each  one off my fingers with a look of regret?
mahito,i will start doing that with the next one.
mahito,i will grant you a simple answer  since you are such a simple guy.
mahito,yuji itadori.
junpei,help me!
mahito,you are me.
yuji,huh?!
mahito,quit snapping at everything.
mahito,it is just a curse's nonsense, right?
mahito,however,
mahito,until you are willing to accept that,
mahito,you cannot beat me.
yuji,on and on...
yuji,you talk a lot.
yuji,those your dying words?
nanami,you take it from here.
yuji,nanamin would never make the  mistake of losing himself to anger.
yuji,prove it.
nanami,you are...
yuji,i am...
both,...a jujutsu sorcerer.
mahito,nice. let us keep going.
mahito,time for round two!
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,23:19        shibuya station, dogenzaka ticket gate
mahito,too close!
mahito,if i pick the wrong moments  to take risks, i will die.
mahito,i guess i will attack mostly with transfigured humans for a while.
mahito,oh, how scary.
yuji,he has even more tricks than before.
youtha,a kid?!
youthb,hey! over here!
youthb,it is dangerous and full of  monsters over there!
yuji,it is...
yuji,upstairs?!
yuji,sorry.
yuji,there is no safe place in shibuya right now,  so get as far away as you—
yuji,shit! that bastard!
mahito,come on now.
youtha,huh?
mahito,are you sure your imagination is not stunted?
yuji,stop it!
mahito,are you an idiot?
mahito,that all depends on you.
mahito,this is the most effective tool  against itadori's mental state.
mahito,plus...
mahito,we have one more card for insurance.
people,huh?!
people,what?!
people,hey!
mahito,yeah, drink, drink, drink them up!
mahito,drink, drink, drink them up!
mahito,drink, drink, drink them up!
mahito,drink away!
screen,21:30        shibuya station, b4f
mahito,yay!
mahito,i have plenty stocked up already,
mahito,so you can do whatever you want  with the people on floor b5.
mahito,okay, time to recommence  the "let us kill itadori" show!
dagon,burp!
jogo,no!
mahito,jogo.
mahito,catch me if you can!
jogo,wha—
mahito,i will take the underground.
mahito,you wander around the surface.
mahito,just come back when i call you.
mahito,i know. you do not have to say it.
mahito,i guess so.
screen,he split into two!!
screen,he split into two!!
mahito,bye-bye
mahito,bye-bye!
jogo,boing!
screen,boing!
choso,he got away.
jogo,mahito!
screen,23:16        dogenzaka alleys
mahito,did you see that earlier?
mahito,that was crazy, right?
mahito,i was just wandering around  that area not long ago, too.
kugisaki,patch-face...
kugisaki,was it you?
kugisaki,are you the special-grade cursed spirit  that is been messing with our idiot?
mahito,well, jeez.
mahito,am i famous?
kugisaki,yeah.
kugisaki,i heard you ran with your  tail between your legs.
mahito,i like you.
mahito,you seem worth killing.
kugisaki,i have not had any good  chances to shine today...
kugisaki,they said this thing's technique  had something to do with souls,
kugisaki,and not to let its hands touch me, right?
kugisaki,...so i will have to settle for  exorcising a cowardly bug like you.
kugisaki,recall it.
kugisaki,recall the essence of cursed energy  that you seized back then!
mahito,no control.
kugisaki,hairpin.
mahito,not bad.
mahito,but in general, that will not work on me.
mahito,judging from what she said,
mahito,she must be close to that guy.
mahito,i will drag this woman's corpse
mahito,before yuji itadori and break his soul!
mahito,time for a personality test!
mahito,can you more clearly recall  the person you used to love
mahito,or the person you used to hate?
mahito,results after the title!
mahito,next time, "right and wrong, part 2."
screen,next episode right and wrong, part 2
mahito,dwelling on the past means you are an otaku!