pipe,no!
mahito,oh, there you are!
mahito,jougo!
mahito,looks like most of your body's back.
jougo,yeah, this place is relaxing.
jougo,humans do not come anywhere near it.
mahito,lacking a body really is a problem.
mahito,it makes self-preservation so inefficient.
jougo,mahito, you are awfully worn down yourself.
mahito,oh, you could tell?
mahito,sukuna and his vessel  are my natural enemies.
mahito,i started this game because  i happened to acquire a new toy,
mahito,but it just did not go so well.
mahito,it was great at first, though.
mahito,are you sure i should not have just  used a hostage to force him into a pact?
mahito,like, "hand your body over to sukuna  if you do not want to see him killed."
getou,no, pacts are only placed  by oneself on oneself.
getou,it is not easy to forge pacts with others,  or due to intervention from others.
mahito,maybe i should have just given that thing  a lethal wound instead of transfiguring it.
mahito,then sukuna might have been able to heal  it with his reverse cursed technique.
sukuna,know your place, fool.
mahito,no, not with that personality.
mahito,i think he would have refused either way.
mahito,jougo...
mahito,touching sukuna made me realize that
mahito,we should probably proceed  with getou's plan for now.
mahito,sukuna is that valuable.
jougo,gather all the fingers and  offer them to sukuna, huh?
jougo,even if we are all wiped out in the process, eh?
jougo,very well.
jougo,i do not need to be the one laughing  in the wasteland a century from now.
jougo,as long as curses stand there as  people, that is all that matters.
mahito,oh, you get it!
getou,then first, let us go retrieve the  six fingers jujutsu tech has.
jougo,is that necessary?
jougo,the sorcerers are only  keeping itadori yuuji around
jougo,so he can take in sukuna's fingers, right?
jougo,he will still eat them, even if we leave them be.
getou,the higher-ups at jujutsu tech
getou,are struggling to measure  itadori yuuji's strength as a vessel,
getou,to see how many he can take  before he goes berserk.
getou,they will not let him take them in  until they have gathered all the fingers...
getou,with just one exception.
screen,exception
gojou,i want to feed them to him right away!
getou,and we cannot wait that long, right?
getou,worst case, there is also a chance  they will eliminate itadori yuuji.
jougo,into the tiger's den, huh?
jougo,well, what should we do, then?
getou,i have already taken steps.
getou,that is why i allowed jujutsu tech  to retrieve the fingers we had.
getou,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 14: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 0 -
screen,episode 14: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 0 -
gojou,nanami, talk about something interesting.
gojou,okay, i have got it!
gojou,let us play catch with discarded rice balls
gojou,while discussing the separation of church and state!
gojou,let us post a video of it and troll people.
nanami,enjoy that on your own.
nanami,what kind of idea is that?
gojou,drinking game time! name things  you love about gojou satoru!
gojou,everything!
nanami,please keep that attitude going.
nanami,itadori-kun needs that kind of idiocy right now.
gojou,you will take on and complete  several harder missions.
gojou,that was not what i meant by "harder," though.
gojou,nanami, does yuuji know about  that finger in yoshino's—
nanami,i have not told him.
nanami,knowing him, he would just feel  unnecessarily responsible.
gojou,i am glad i left you in charge.
gojou,and the finger?
nanami,i submitted it to the higher-ups, of course.
nanami,if i gave it to you, you would just  feed it to itadori-kun, right?
gojou,tsk.
nanami,but is it really okay to bring him back?
nanami,if the fact that he is alive becomes  known at the exchange event,
nanami,will not the higher-ups just target him again?
gojou,even if they do, yuuji will be just fine now.
gojou,you know that better than anyone, do not you?
yuuji,sensei!
yuuji,oh, nanamin's here, too.
yuuji,well, c'mon!
yuuji,let us hurry up and go see everyone!
yuuji,so excited!
screen,"i thought you were dead..." touching reunion with friends
yuuji,so excited!
screen,"nice to meet you!!" deciding factor of his first impression, first meeting with the second years
yuuji,so excited!
screen,kyoto students appear!! exchange event begins! "beginner's guide to the exchange event"
yuuji,so excited!
gojou,yuuji, are you planning to just show up  like normal after dragging it out this long?
yuuji,huh? i cannot?!
gojou,even among sorcerers,
,you rarely see someone say they have actually  been alive two whole months after they died.
gojou,we have to make it a surprise!
yuuji,a surprise?
gojou,just leave it to me.
gojou,the first-years will be laughing  and crying from happiness and shock.
two,i am so glad!
two,you are alive!
gojou,the second-years and kyoto  students will cry with them.
three,thank goodness! thank goodness!
gojou,and someone among them  will choke up and vomit,
three,blegh!
gojou,and in the end, it will even solve global warming!
dj,cool!
yuuji,sweet!
yuuji,what do i do?!
yuuji,sensei, what should i do?!
gojou,you do not have to do anything!
gojou,just do exactly as i say,  and go with the flow!
yuuji,so what should i do?!
gojou,just go with the flow!
nanami,it will be enough of a surprise  just to see he is alive.
book,kyoto come have fun in kyoto the complete guide
kugisaki,what?!
kugisaki,why are you all empty-handed?!
panda,what are you doing with all that luggage?
kugisaki,what do you mean?  we are going to kyoto, right?
screen,fortunes
kugisaki,for the exchange event  with our sister school in kyoto?
panda,it is an exchange event with  our sister school in kyoto.
panda,held in tokyo.
board,ueno specialty
board,panda
kugisaki,no way!
kugisaki,what did i make all those  preparations for, then?!
maki,no wonder our conversations  have been a bit off lately.
fushiguro,yeah.
kugisaki,i was totally ready to go sightseeing!
toge,salmon.
panda,it is held at the school that  won in the previous year.
kugisaki,this sucks! what a scam!
kugisaki,then do not go winning, you idiots!
panda,we were not in it last year!
panda,only yuuta participated to  make the numbers match up!
maki,that was prior to freeing rika.
maki,apparently, it was an overwhelming win.
maki,i did not see it, though, since it was held in kyoto.
kugisaki,i will not forgive you, okkotsu yuuta!
kugisaki,not that i have ever even met you!
kugisaki,that is misdirected anger.
toge,salmon.
maki,hey.
maki,they are here.
mai,oh, look. it is everyone from tokyo together.
mai,you went out of your way to greet us?
mai,disgusting.
screen,jujutsu tech, kyoto second-year zenin mai
toudou,okkotsu's not here.
screen,jujutsu tech, kyoto third-year toudou aoi
kugisaki,shut up. hurry up and hand over the cake box,
kugisaki,and the yatsuhashi, kudzu noodles,  and buckwheat cookies.
toge,salmon.
toudou,you guys hungry?
momo,who is that first-year?
momo,she is scary.
screen,jujutsu tech, kyoto third-year nishimiya momo
mechamaru,never mind okkotsu being absent.
mechamaru,is not having two first-years a major handicap?
kugisaki,a robot! it is a robot!
screen,jujutsu tech, kyoto second-year ultimate mechamaru
kamo,age is irrelevant to jujutsu sorcerers.
screen,jujutsu tech, kyoto third-year kamo noritoshi
kamo,especially with fushiguro-kun.
kamo,he is from the zenin bloodline,
kamo,but he is more talented  than the head of the clan.
mai,tsk.
kamo,something to say?
mai,nope.
miwa,now, now...
miwa,please calm down, you two.
screen,jujutsu tech, kyoto second-year miwa kasumi
utahime,okay, now.
utahime,let us not fight amongst ourselves.
utahime,my goodness, these children.
screen,jujutsu tech, semi-first-grade sorcerer kyoto school leader iori utahime
utahime,so, where is that idiot?
panda,satoru's late.
maki,as if that idiot would ever show up on time.
fushiguro,no one said "idiot" referred to gojou-sensei.
gojou,sorry for the wait!
utahime,tsk. gojou satoru.
miwa,gojou satoru!
gojou,hey, i see everyone is together.
gojou,i was on a business trip overseas.
gojou,so i will now hand out souvenirs!
panda,this is sudden.
kugisaki,sure it is not jet lag?
gojou,okay, everyone from kyoto gets this  protective charm from a particular tribe.
toudou,none for you, utahime.
utahime,i do not need one!
gojou,and for everyone from tokyo, we have this!
kugisaki,overly excited adults are creepy.
yuuji,hey! opp!
gojou,it is your departed friend,  itadori yuuji-kun!
yuuji,huh?!
yuuji,huh? huh?!
yuuji,they do not seem happy at all!
yuuji,n-no way.
gojou,okay, everyone from kyoto!
gojou,this is sukuna's vessel, itadori yuuji-kun!
yuuji,wh-what about the ones from kyoto?
yuuji,they are too absorbed in their souvenirs!
gakuganji,sukuna's vessel?!
gakuganji,what is the meaning of this?
screen,jujutsu tech, kyoto school principal gakuganji yoshinobu
gojou,principal gakuganji!
gojou,oh, thank goodness.
gojou,i was worried you might  just die from the shock.
gakuganji,you damn brat!
kugisaki,hey.
yuuji,uh, yes?
kugisaki,you got something to say?
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,i am sorry for keeping quiet  about being alive.
screen,itadori rejoins
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
sign,jujutsu technical high school tokyo-kyoto sister school exchange event
sign,jujutsu technical high school tokyo-kyoto sister school exchange event
yaga,the tokyo-kyoto sister school  exchange event will be held over two days.
yaga,the first day is a group battle...
yaga&screen,wacky cursed spirit exorcism race
yaga&screen,the wacky cursed spirit exorcism race!
yaga,the rules are simple.
screenskull,second-grade
yaga,the first team to exorcise  the second-grade cursed spirit
yaga,released in the designated area wins.
yaga,several third-grade and lower cursed spirits  will be released into the designated area, as well.
yaga,if a winner is not decided by sundown,
yaga,the team that exorcises the most wins.
yaga,there are absolutely no other rules.
yaga,of course, you are welcome  to sabotage the others,
yaga,but remember, you are all on the same  side in the fight against the curses.
yaga,this exchange event will allow  you to learn about yourselves
yaga,and your comrades through competition.
yaga,be certain not to kill other competitors  or injure them beyond recovery.
yaga,that is it.
yaga,you are all dismissed until the  event commences at noon!
screen,\htokyo side meeting\h
screen,\htokyo side meeting\h
yuuji,excuse me...
yuuji,depending on how you look at it,
yuuji,this could be considered  very extreme bullying.
kugisaki,shut up and stay that way for a while.
panda,now, now...
panda,you heard his explanation.
panda,cut him some slack.
yuuji,the panda talked!
toge,salmon, salmon.
yuuji,what?
fushiguro,inumaki-senpai is a cursed speech user.
fushiguro,cursed speech is a technique that amplifies  the power and compulsion of words.
fushiguro,he limits his vocabulary to keep others safe.
yuuji,so if he told someone to  go die, they would actually die?
yuuji,that is really powerful.
panda,it is nothing that convenient.
panda,it is all case by case, depending  on their difference in strength.
panda,if he uses powerful words,  he is hit with massive feedback.
panda,worst case, it could affect him.
panda,limiting his vocabulary is a way  for toge to protect himself, as well.
yuuji,so how are you able to speak, senpai?
yuuji,are you some new breed of panda?
kugisaki,blabbing on about people's techniques...
maki,it is fine.
maki,toge's is not that kind of technique, anyway.
maki,more importantly, yuuji...
maki,give me back slaughter demon.
maki,you borrowed it from satoru, right?
gojou,give me!
gojou,here you go!
yuuji,i broke it.
maki,it is not coming back!
yuuji,gojou-sensei... has it...
maki,tsk, that blindfolded dumbass!
utahime,gross.
maki,so, what is the plan?
maki,the group battle format  is what we expected,
maki,but we have another member now.
maki,do we change strategies?  there is not much time.
toge,bonito flakes.
panda,well, that depends on yuuji.
panda,what can you do?
yuuji,punch, kick...
panda,we have enough of that.
yuuji,huh?
fushiguro,i do not know what he is been  doing since he is been dead,
fushiguro,but if everyone from tokyo and kyoto  fought him at once without cursed energy,
fushiguro,itadori would win.
all,oh?
maki,megumi's saying that after fighting toudou?
maki,that makes it convincing.
maki,interesting.
screen,\hkyoto side meeting\h
screen,\hkyoto side meeting\h
gakuganji,kill sukuna's vessel, itadori yuuji.
gakuganji,he is not a person.
gakuganji,so it will go unquestioned.
gakuganji,it will be treated as an accident.
gakuganji,there is no need to hold back or hesitate.
miwa,i do not want to...
mai,you say to kill him,
mai,but he is here because he did not die, right?
gakuganji,i have heard that itadori's  previous death was suicide.
gakuganji,what is the one thing you must be cautious  about when ending a hostile sorcerer?
gakuganji,kamo.
kamo,yes.
kamo,you must kill them with cursed  energy to prevent them from
kamo,coming back as a curse after death.
gakuganji,exactly.
gakuganji,if another delivers the finishing blow  with cursed energy, then all is well.
gakuganji,at present, itadori yuuji  has control of the body.
gakuganji,unless sukuna comes out,  he is just a first-year.
gakuganji,killing him will be—
toudou,this is stupid. do what you want.
kamo,come back, toudou.
kamo,the principal is not finished yet.
toudou,takada-chan's making a guest  appearance on a walking show at 11.
toudou,do i need to explain any more?
kamo,you can record it. come back here.
toudou,i am going to watch the recording  and watch it in real time!
toudou,who do you take me for?
mai,that is your problem here?!
toudou,listen, all of you.
toudou,you listen, too, old man.
toudou,i have long been disappointed in you all  and your bad taste in women.
toudou,plot and scheme all you want on your own.
toudou,but if you try to order me around again,
toudou,i will kill you.
miwa,what do we do now?
miwa,i do not think we will be able to carry  out the plan with him like that.
miwa,the principal's gone off somewhere, too.
miwa,i do not want to be killed by that guy.
momo,does it even matter?
momo,he is going to go straight  for the tokyo team, anyway.
momo,if he is just going to go berserk,
momo,we can focus on the game.
mai,but we have to kill itadori yuuji, right?
miwa,we are seriously doing this?
mai,i do not think he will go as far as killing him.
mai,though he probably could.
mechamaru,then we will need someone to  keep an eye on toudou
mechamaru,and deliver the final blow to itadori yuuji.
miwa,i do not like this.
miwa,we will have cursed spirits to deal with, too,  so we will be in two-man cells anyway.
miwa,that works out for us.
kamo,no.
kamo,allowing a half-wit like itadori yuuji
kamo,to be a sorcerer at jujutsu tech  is a serious problem.
kamo,one that goes beyond this exchange event.
kamo,i cannot overlook this as the  eldest son of the kamo clan.
kamo,we are all attacking itadori yuuji together.
momo,hold on.
momo,what happens if inumaki-kun  is with itadori-kun?
momo,having all of us in one place is a risky  move with that cursed speech user.
momo,worst case, he could  wipe us all out at once.
mechamaru,that is true.
kamo,no, if you know he is coming,  he is not that scary to face.
mai,let me have maki.
mai,that brown-haired first-year, too, if possible.
kamo,you are sounding just like toudou.
utahime,so what did you want?
gojou,huh? why are you mad?
utahime,i am not mad, actually.
gojou,right? i have not done anything, after all.
gojou,there is someone working with either  a curse user or curses at jujutsu tech.
utahime,impossible!
utahime,a curse user might be one thing,  but working with curses?
gojou,a lot of them on that level  have been popping up lately.
gojou,they understand human speech, and they have  formed a faction that is operating with purpose.
gojou,they might think they are just  working with a curse user, but...
gojou,i would like to ask you to handle  investigating those at kyoto, utahime.
utahime,what would you do if i was the traitor?
gojou,no way.
gojou,you are weak, and you do not have the guts—
gojou,scary! hysterics will not win men, you know.
utahime,i! am! the senior here!
fushiguro,itadori.
fushiguro,you okay?
yuuji,yeah, sounds like i have got  a big role, but i will manage.
fushiguro,i am not talking about that.
fushiguro,something happened, right?
yuuji,huh? nothing happened.
yuuji,okay, it did.
yuuji,but it is true that i am fine.
yuuji,in fact, because of what happened,  i do not want to lose to anyone.
fushiguro,okay, then.
fushiguro,i do not really want to lose, either.
kugisaki,what do you mean, "really"?
kugisaki,you already got sent rolling around once!
kugisaki,overwhelm them!  let us thoroughly trounce them!
kugisaki,for maki-san's sake, too!
maki,do not say stuff like that.
toge,pollack roe.
panda,yeah! for maki-san's sake, too!
maki,do not say stuff like that.
yuuji,well, in that case,
yuuji,let us win!
maki,what are you doing taking the lead?
yuuji,ow!
screen&takada,juju stroll
sign,sushi eishuu
takada,hello! today we are here at the  long-standing sushi shop, eishuu!
blue suit,you should do that kind of thing, too.
pink dress,you would be mad at me if i did.
sushi eishuu boss,welcome.
blue suit,what do you like, takada-chan?
takada,goatfish! and room temperature sake!
takada,they are great together!
person,how old are you again?
takada,huh?
blue suit,how long have you been making sushi, boss?
boss,i have been doing it since i was 20.
takada,which means... about 300 years?
blue suit,are you drunk?
boss,here is the goatfish you ordered.
takada,mm, it is so good!
takada,can i have yours, too?
blue suit,of course not.
takada,sorry!
blue suit,honestly, what are you thinking?
takada,well, it just looked so delicious!
toudou,she is drunk.
takada,tan, taka-tan!
toudou,that is my takada-chan.
yuuji,sensei, did you know "opp"  actually stands for something?
gojou,huh? it does?
yuuji,ocean pacific peace.
gojou,seriously?
screen,episode 15: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 1 -