geto,let us go home, riko-chan.
riko,yeah!
geto,riko-chan?
toji,okay, job's done.
toji,you are free to go now.
geto,why are you here?
toji,why?
toji,oh, that is what you mean.
toji,because i killed satoru gojo.
geto,is that so?
geto,die!
toji,do not be so impatient.
screen,episode 27 hidden inventory 4
screen,jujutsu kaisen hidden inventory/premature death
toji,the tombs of the star  and the forbidden vault
toji,use barriers that conceal.
toji,so they cannot place guards at the entrances.
toji,as long as you know where the doors are,
toji,they are full of holes.
toji,sorcerers are busy during this time of year,
toji,and jujutsu high is brimming  with fly heads right now.
toji,it is pure chaos outside.
toji,and since i have no cursed energy,  i am like the invisible man.
toji,there was one problem, though.
toji,if i wield a cursed tool,
toji,the cursed energy from it will stop  me from being an invisible man.
toji,now, there is more to this story.
toji,see, i keep a cursed spirit  capable of storing objects around.
toji,so i usually put my cursed tools  in it when i am walking around.
toji,you do not have to say it.
toji,yes, that means the cursed energy from
toji,the cursed spirit should stop me  from being an invisible man.
toji,so i make the cursed spirit smaller, until it can fit inside my body.
toji,then i keep it inside my stomach.
toji,after all, the organs of the invisible  man are invisible, too, right?
toji,that is how i am able to  pass through any barrier
toji,while still carrying  all kinds of cursed tools.
toji,that is also why i did not use  a cursed tool at first.
toji,a surprise attack on the six eyes
toji,would be pointless if i was not invisible.
toji,i could have killed the star plasma vessel first,
toji,but the risk of the six eyes seeing me was too—
geto,enough.
geto,you have a heavenly pact, right?
geto,i know revealing information about
geto,your ability increases its fundamental  strength, just like for a sorcerer.
geto,that is not what i want to know.
geto,how did you know which doors  led to the tombs of the star?
geto,we did not leave even  the slightest residuals.
toji,humans leave plenty of  traces aside from residuals.
toji,like scents, footprints, and so on.
toji,my pact enhances all five of my senses, too.
geto,there should have been  another woman on the way here.
geto,what happened to her?
toji,hm?
toji,oh, that maid?
toji,she is probably dead.
toji,i did not care if she lived or died, though.
toji,if she is lucky, she might still be alive.
geto,is that so?
geto,you really should... die!
geto,that rainbow dragon has  the toughest hide there is!
toji,curse manipulation...
toji,riffraff.
splitmouth,hey, am...
splitmouth,am... am i...
splitmouth,pretty?
toji,a potential apparition?
toji,it deploys a simple domain that
toji,enforces non-violence on both of us  until i answer its question, then?
toji,ah, well...
toji,then i will just come out and say
toji,you are not my type.
toji,so that is how it is.
toji,idiot.
toji,it is over.
geto,for you!
geto,curse manipulation.
geto,it is a technique that let us me  absorb cursed spirits
geto,that have surrendered,  and freely manipulate them.
geto,if there is roughly a two-grade  difference in our levels,
geto,i skip making them submit
geto,and absorb them unconditionally.
geto,his cursed spirit may have a unique ability,  but it is not that strong itself.
geto,i can absorb it. that will lock down his armory.
geto,then i can just brute-force him—
toji,i did not cut you badly enough to kill you.
toji,i would have killed you if  you were a shikigami user,
toji,but since it is curse manipulation,
toji,there is no telling what might happen to the  cursed spirits you have absorbed after you die.
toji,i would rather avoid extra trouble here.
toji,you have the blessing of parentage.
toji,but even with that blessing,
toji,you were all beaten by a monkey like me  who cannot even use cursed techniques.
toji,if you want to live a long life,  never forget that.
toji,oh, speaking of blessings...
toji,that is right. i almost forgot.
toji,i named him megumi.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
sign,star religious group headquarters house of the children of the star
toji,go on, now.
toji,the corpse of the star plasma  vessel, riko amanai.
toji,all four limbs intact, too.
sonoda,hmm, indeed.
sonoda,we will issue your payment as we discussed.
screen,m 0 0 l 136 0 l 136 200 l 0 200
screen,star religious group representative shigeru sonoda
sonoda,i will even throw in a bonus.
toji,thank you, founder.
toji,you are so generous.
kong,he is not the founder.
toji,huh?
kong,do you mean it?
kong,i know it was a necessary expense,  but you have already helped us out a lot, too.
kong,i thought you would complain a bit more.
sonoda,we hired you for the assassination  expecting that it would fail.
sonoda,our star religious group  was founded in the nara era,
sonoda,when tengen-sama began preaching
sonoda,about the moral foundation  of jujutsu sorcerers,
sonoda,a minority, as buddhism  spread throughout japan.
sonoda,jujutsu society and religious corporations  are at complete odds with each other.
sonoda,that strain is what gave birth
sonoda,to our modern star religious group,  the time vessel association.
sonoda,that is also why we have devoted  ourselves to remaining non-sorcerers.
sonoda,jujutsu sorcerers are granted  many privileges above the law,
sonoda,but they are still fundamentally forbidden  to lay a hand on non-sorcerers.
sonoda,however, the time had finally arrived.
sonoda,the time of the taboo  recorded in our scriptures!
sonoda,our star religious group has evolved to
sonoda,a monotheistic religion  worshiping one absolute god!
sonoda,and it was now time for our object of  worship to assimilate with that impurity!
sonoda,if our believers saw us simply sit back  and watch the assimilation happen,
sonoda,our association would crumble.
sonoda,yet if we took excessive action,  jujutsu sorcerers would crush us.
sonoda,so we were truly desperate.
sonoda,and how did it all turn out?
sonoda,we thought we were going to lose everything,
sonoda,and now we have it all!
sonoda,of course that would  loosen our purse strings.
kong,human society might be what crumbles  if tengen-sama loses control, though.
sonoda,if we should perish along with our star,  then that is all there is to it.
toji,were you referring to okinawa  when you said they helped us?
kong,yeah.
toji,why did not you kill the maid then?
toji,i know i told you,
toji,"take her someplace far away,  and kill her at some point."
kong,because i had a good idea of what  you were planning at the time.
kong,i made the call that the relief  from the maid's successful rescue
kong,would wear him down more than  heightened tensions from failure.
kong,you often ignore the lines of communication  and toss out whatever i was planning, right?
kong,it all worked out in the end.
kong,and stop running your mediator ragged.
toji,yeah, but why okinawa?
kong,i had a laugh at that myself.
kong,normally, you would use a car  to transport a captive, right?
kong,public transportation carries  too many risks, after all.
kong,but get this. the president  owned his own private jet.
toji,even so...
kong,rich people think on a different scale, man.
toji,well, let us go eat with their money.
toji,take me to one of the  restaurants you use for clients.
kong,no way.
kong,you never pay for a guy, anyway.
kong,i have already decided i will only see you
kong,either for work or in hell.
toji,huh?
gojo,hey, it is been a while.
toji,for real?
gojo,for real, real.
gojo,i am alive and kicking!
toji,reverse cursed technique!
gojo,bingo!
gojo,when you stabbed me through the throat,
gojo,i gave up on counterattacking
gojo,and poured all my focus into  the reverse cursed technique.
gojo,cursed energy is negative energy.
gojo,while it can enhance the body,  it cannot regenerate it.
gojo,so you multiply that negative energy  against itself to create positive energy.
gojo,that is the reverse cursed technique.
gojo,easier said than done!
gojo,i had not been able to do  that up until now myself!
gojo,and i could not understand anything  the one person who could do it said!
toji,he is blabbing on and on...
toji,he is high.
gojo,but i finally grasped it  on the verge of death!
gojo,the true essence of cursed energy!
gojo,the reason you are going to lose is  because you did not chop my head off,
gojo,and because you did not use that cursed  tool when you stabbed my head.
toji,i am going to lose?
toji,our fight is just getting started.
gojo,oh? is it?
gojo,yeah...
gojo,maybe so!
gojo,cursed technique reversal:
gojo,red.
toji,monster.
toji,no bones are broken.
toji,that shock wave was an  application of limitless,
toji,the cursed technique reversal, red, huh?
toji,so he poured the positive energy generated  by the reverse cursed technique
toji,into the limitless  technique ingrained into him.
toji,one, the power to stop:
toji,the neutral application  of the limitless technique.
toji,two, the power to attract:
toji,the amplified application of  the limitless technique, blue.
toji,and three, the power to repel:
toji,the reversal of his cursed technique, red.
toji,all things i can handle.
toji,something is off.
toji,something is off.
toji,no, this is fine.
toji,i will kill you.
gojo,sorry, amanai.
gojo,i am not even angry over you right now.
gojo,i bear no grudge against anyone.
gojo,it is just that the world feels  so, so wonderful right now.
gojo,"throughout heaven and earth,  i alone am the honored one."
gojo,the merit of having a technique  that is passed down for generations
gojo,is having a user's manual.
gojo,the demerit is that
gojo,information about the technique is easily leaked.
gojo,you were a member of  the zen'in clan, were not you?
gojo,that is why you know so much  about the limitless technique.
gojo,however, even in the gojo clan,
gojo,only a scant few know about this.
gojo,take the amplified and the reversal,
gojo,then smash together those  two different expressions
gojo,of infinity to create and  push out imaginary mass.
gojo,imaginary technique: purple.
toji,something is off.
toji,"i refuse to do any work for free."
toji,normally i would have said that  and hightailed it out of there.
toji,yet the freshly awakened wielder of the  limitless technique was right before my eyes.
toji,he was probably the strongest jujutsu  sorcerer of the modern age.
toji,i wanted to reject him.
toji,i wanted to bring him to his knees.
toji,i wanted to take down the  pinnacle of the jujutsu world
toji,and the zen'in clan that rejected me.
toji,i twisted myself to try to affirm myself.
toji,that was the moment i lost.
toji,i thought you had abandoned that pride.
toji,i thought you had chosen to live without  respecting yourself or anyone else.
gojo,any last words?
toji,nah.
toji,two or three years from now,
toji,my kid will be sold off to the zen'in clan.
toji,do what you will with that.
storage,mommy!
storage,hug me!
gojo,you are late, suguru.
gojo,no, i guess you got here fast.
gojo,there are several star religious  group facilities in the city, after all.
geto,satoru? is that you?
geto,what happened?
gojo,i see you already saw shoko.
geto,yeah, she healed me.
geto,i am fine now.
geto,no, me being safe does not  help anything here.
gojo,i screwed up.
gojo,you are not at fault.
geto,let us head back.
gojo,suguru, should we kill these guys?
gojo,the way i feel right now,  i doubt i would feel anything about it.
geto,no. there is no point.
geto,it looks like there are only  common believers here.
geto,the masterminds who know about our  world have probably fled already.
geto,and unlike with the bounty,
geto,they will not be able to  talk their way out of this.
geto,the organization had  problems to begin with.
geto,it will be dissolved soon enough.
gojo,no point, huh?
gojo,does there really need  to be any point to it?
geto,it is very important that there is.
geto,especially for a jujutsu sorcerer.
shoko,i wonder if whoever came up with the phrase
shoko,"a surprising side"  thought of people as cubes,
shoko,and if whoever came up with the insult
shoko,"shallow" thought of people as flat surfaces?
shoko,next time, "premature death."
,next episode premature death
shoko,either way, people do have two sides to them.