ui,what is the matter?
yuji,uh... something in my ear.
mechamaru,can you hear me, yuji itadori?
mechamaru,listen and—
mechamaru,wait, wait, wait! i am your ally, you idiot!
mechamaru,it is me, mechamaru from the kyoto school!
mechamaru,there is no time.
mechamaru,listen and understand the first time.
mechamaru,satoru gojo has been sealed.
geto,goodnight, satoru gojo.
geto,we will meet again in the new world.
gojo,maybe for me.
gojo,but it is time for you to wake up already.
gojo,how long will you keep letting it  have its way with you, suguru?
geto,incredible!
geto,this is a first!
mahito,hey, geto.
geto,mahito, look at this.
geto,you proposed that the soul  exists before the body,
geto,but actually, the body is part of the soul,
geto,and the soul is part of the body.
geto,there is no other way to  explain this phenomenon
geto,or the fact that the body's memories flow  into my brain after i swap hosts.
mahito,does that really have to be a universal truth?
mahito,are you sure the world does not operate  differently for your technique and mine?
geto,so each technique is its own world-view?
geto,i like it. what a lovely idea.
gojo,hey!
gojo,if you are going to do this, hurry it up.
gojo,not only is it absolutely foul,  but the view here is awful, too.
geto,i wanted to enjoy this  sight for a bit longer, but...
geto,indeed, i would not want anything to happen.
geto,gate, close.
mahito,now we cannot use this anymore, right?
geto,yeah, it only holds one.
geto,unless the man inside kills  himself, it is unusable now.
mahito,huh. lame.
mahito,well, in any case...
geto,the sealing is complete.
screen,episode 34 pandemonium
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
mei,we are talking about satoru gojo here.
mei,what proof do you have  for me to believe you?
mechamaru,sorry, but i have nothing.
mechamaru,if i must provide something,
mechamaru,it is the very fact that i am here.
mechamaru,i was killed on october 19th
mechamaru,by the special-grade  cursed spirit called mahito.
mechamaru,what is here is now is no more than the  insurance i left when i was still alive.
mechamaru,advanced insurance, yes.
mechamaru,so i had no choice but to
mechamaru,set its condition for activating to  "after satoru gojo has been sealed."
mechamaru,to decrease the risk of it not going off,
mechamaru,i only managed to sneak these puppets  into three locations ahead of time.
mechamaru,yuji itadori was the jujutsu high sorcerer
mechamaru,least likely to be leaking any information.
mechamaru,and mei mei, given the situation,  i am now certain you are in the clear, too.
mei,why?
mechamaru,because someone as skilled  at intelligence gathering as you
mechamaru,was dispatched here to meiji shrine station  instead of acting in the shadows at shibuya.
mechamaru,itadori was not even a part of jujutsu  society until several months ago, either.
mei,hey, that might have been so i would have  an excuse to refuse aiding them.
mei,besides, i am the one who has  kept stopping itadori-kun
mei,from heading straight  to shibuya all this time.
mei,even if we were ordered to be on standby.
mechamaru,then why...
mechamaru,is a curse user currently heading  your way to eliminate you?
mei,one, two... two, huh?
mei,itadori-kun, which is stronger, these two  or the cursed spirit you fought earlier?
yuji,they are probably stronger  than that grasshopper.
mei,apparently, the cursed spirit itadori-kun  fought was able to speak human language,
mei,so it was semi-first-grade or higher, at least...
mei,and things like that are  crawling out of the woodwork?
mei,i wonder where they have been hiding  and what they have been up to until now.
mei,let us ignore the curse users  and move onward.
mei,we need to confirm gojo-kun's status first.
mechamaru,do not.
mechamaru,the situation in shibuya has already changed.
mechamaru,their barrier techniques are  several degrees better than ours.
screen,shibuya station
mechamaru,there are currently four  veils lowered over shibuya,
mechamaru,a: the veil trapping common people inside,
mechamaru,b: the veil trapping satoru gojo inside,
mechamaru,c: the veil keeping sorcerers from entering,
mechamaru,and d: another veil like a to keep  common people trapped inside.
mei,and you are saying the area further  down these tracks is blocked by c.
mechamaru,that is right.
mechamaru,the sorcerers on standby are  already inside the veil, right?
mechamaru,and you cannot use cell phones inside the veil.
mei,looks like that is not all, either.
mei,i cannot get a hold of the assistant supervisors  who are supposed to be outside the veils.
mechamaru,please, just follow my directions.
mechamaru,this insurance of mine will not last long.
mechamaru,please.
yuji,mei-san.
mei,all right, tell us.
mechamaru,itadori, return to meiji shrine station,  and head to shibuya from the surface.
mechamaru,tell all the sorcerers there  about gojo being sealed.
mechamaru,get them to share our  goal of recovering gojo.
yuji,right!
mechamaru,mei mei, create an opportunity  for itadori to escape.
mechamaru,after defeating the curse users,
mechamaru,i would like you to follow  this track, for starters.
mechamaru,but i do not know what moves  the enemy will make.
mei,so adapt and respond.
mei,by the way, they have not frozen  your bank account yet, have they?
mechamaru,huh?
mechamaru,if satoru gojo disappears, both jujutsu  and human society will be upended.
mechamaru,i am sorry, but please stake your life on this.
mechamaru,and i even thought that  would be worth it once...
mechamaru,i was the worst.
ui,hey, what about me?
mechamaru,follow whichever one you prefer.
ui,okay, nee-sama it is!
mei,everyone, they are here.
ebina,you are mei mei, right?
mei,go ahead and do as you please.
mei,i will match you.
yuji,thanks!
screen,21:26\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\htokyo metro, shibuya station \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hb5f, shin-toshin line platform
geto,looks like you are all awake.
geto,now, for our next...
jogo,what is wrong?
geto,i cannot believe this guy!
gojo,looks like physical time  is not passing inside here.
gojo,man, i screwed up.
gojo,this is all kinds of bad.
gojo,well, it will all work out somehow.
gojo,i am counting on you, everyone.
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
screen,21:22 shibuya
kusakabe,true...
kusakabe,even accounting for those  trapped inside the station,
kusakabe,the crowd density was low.
naobito,so the transfigured humans were  lying in wait inside the buildings,
naobito,and now they have started attacking  the non-sorcerers, huh?
nanami,that is why we have stopped  standing by and started to act.
nanami,there was not much else we could do.
nanami,our response is falling too far behind.
nanami,but my biggest concern is...
ino,the veil—
fushiguro,the veil keeping sorcerers out  that lowered at the same time, right?
fushiguro,it is been some time since  gojo-sensei arrived at the site.
fushiguro,why did they choose now, of all times?
nanami,either something has happened inside
nanami,or they needed to wait for this  moment as part of their strategy.
nanami,all i can say for certain is
nanami,that these are not the types  to face us without a plan.
nanami,i will focus on the enemies  who lowered the veils.
nanami,you two, please rescue all  the common people you can.
screen,all three teams enter simultaneously
ijichi,yes. right.
ijichi,once you have confirmed the situation,  please exit the veil again, nitta-san.
ijichi,with signal blocked inside,
ijichi,we will constantly need  someone on the outside.
ijichi,i would like you to take on that role.
ijichi,we will do whatever it takes
ijichi,to establish a communication network  using just the assistant supervisors.
ijichi,it should be possible if we  mobilize those off-duty
ijichi,and a portion of our windo—
shigemo,yah!
shigemo,yah!
shigemo,yah!
shigemo,yah!
shigemo,man, bullying the weak really  is the best job for me!
shigemo,this is what you all want, right?
uraume,yes.
uraume,please continue hunting down all  the humans in suits outside the veil.
shigemo,okay!
shigemo,and i can go inside once i am finished, right?
mahito,what is this? what is going on?
geto,the sealing is complete.
geto,however, the prison realm still  has not finished processing
geto,all of the information that is satoru gojo.
geto,we will not be able to move it for a while.
geto,they got one over on us.
mechamaru,itadori, good news!
yuji,huh?
mechamaru,they cannot move gojo from  where he was sealed on floor b5.
screen,21:27 between meiji shrine and shibuya stations
yuji,why not?!
mechamaru,because he is satoru gojo.
yuji,makes sense!
mechamaru,let us encircle them.
mechamaru,we will have sorcerers follow the subway lines
mechamaru,into shibuya station from  each neighboring station.
screen,shin-toshin line  meiji jingu station
screen,fukubumon line  omotesando station
screen,seiyoko line  daikanyama station
screen,den-en-toshin line  ikejiri-ohashi station
screen,shibuya station
mechamaru,then, once the veil keeping sorcerers  out is lifted, we charge in.
yuji,have them follow them?  but i cannot get a hold of ijichi-san!
yuji,oh...
mechamaru,what?!
yuji,hey, who was sent to shibuya?
mei,well...
transfigured,kill me.
transfigured,d-d-d-did you call for me?
yuji,nanamin!
yuji,nanamin!
yuji,nanamin, are you here?!
yuji,nanamin, are you here?!
fushiguro,itadori?
ino,n-nanamin?
yuji,gojo-sensei...
yuji,has been sealed!
yuji,...has been sealed!
fushiguro,sealed?!
nanami,you two, change of plans.
nanami,we meet up with itadori-kun at once.
nanami,if it is true that he is been sealed,
nanami,then it is over.
nanami,for every human in this country.
mahito,man, now they know what we are doing.
mahito,the sorcerers are going to  come here in force now.
geto,i will be staying behind.  what about the rest of you?
choso,i am getting revenge for my younger brothers,
choso,and killing yuji itadori and nobara kugisaki.
choso,then i will go get the rest of my brothers from  where they are being kept in jujutsu high.
jogo,i do not care about this kugisaki,  but you cannot kill itadori.
jogo,we are turning him into sukuna.
choso,not my problem.
mahito,jogo, calm down.
mahito,honestly, i think i want to kill itadori, too.
jogo,mahito! what are you—
mahito,from what i could tell after  seeing satoru gojo in person,
mahito,now that he is sealed away, the sorcerers  and cursed spirits are evenly matched.
mahito,if sukuna is resurrected,  we will have a huge advantage,
mahito,and victory is basically ours, right?
geto,well, that is true.
mahito,but then,
mahito,that also means we are perfectly capable of  winning with the forces we have now, right?
mahito,so let us kill itadori!
mahito,it will be fine!
mahito,even if we lose sukuna, we can still win.
jogo,are you serious?
mahito,as serious as can be.
jogo,i do not need to be the one smiling  in the wasteland a century from now.
jogo,as long as curses can live as people,  that is all that matters.
jogo,sukuna is not our ally.
jogo,we might even be the ones facing  greater risk if he is resurrected.
jogo,but if sukuna is resurrected, that is  guaranteed to usher in the age of curses.
jogo,we are not like the humans of today.
jogo,we do not fear death,
jogo,and we follow the path to  our goals without falsehoods.
jogo,that is the essence of us curses  that those fakes lack.
mahito,you are wrong.
jogo,wha?!
mahito,no matter how off-kilter or inconsistent,
mahito,we always act in accordance  with our true desires.
mahito,that is what it means to be a curse.
mahito,oh, when i said you were wrong, i meant regarding what curses are.
mahito,i agree, the whole resurrection  thing is one possibility.
mahito,nor do i really want to fight you over it.
mahito,so how about we play a game?
mahito,if i run into itadori first, i will kill him.
mahito,if you find him first, you can give him the  fingers and let sukuna regain his power.
choso,and if i find him first, i kill him. that okay?
jogo,hey!
mahiro,oh! you want in, too, choso?
mahiro,that is fine, of course.
mahito,you are more on jogo's side  if you had to pick, right, geto?
mahito,what about you?
geto,i have to stay here and watch  over the prison realm.
geto,so i will abstain.
geto,do whatever you would like.
geto,as far as i am concerned,
geto,sukuna was just the alternative  if the prison realm failed.
jogo,this is ridiculous.
jogo,all the sorcerers, even itadori,  will be heading this way to save gojo.
jogo,so all you have to do is wait here.
jogo,this will not even be a game.
mahito,ready, go!
jogo,wha—wait up!
geto,those cursed spirits are  smarter than you two.
nanako,give him back.
mimiko,we cooperated with you and  kept dropping monkeys for you.
nanako,now give us back geto-sama's  body like you promised.
mimiko,do not toy with...
nanako,...geto-sama any further.
geto,obviously, i am not giving him back.
geto,i do not recall leaving your heads empty, too.
geto,next time you make a promise with a sorcerer,
geto,you should make it clear that it is a pact.
geto,now, begone.
geto,or do you want to be killed by this body?
nanako,you will regret this.
geto,regret, huh?
geto,now...
geto,how did that taste again?
yuji,nanamin!
yuji,nanamin!
yuji,na-na-min! na-na-min!
yuji,na-na-na-na-na-na-min!
fushiguro,hey.
fushiguro,hey!
yuji,na-na—
yuji,fushiguro! nanamin!
yuji,and... who?
ino,you really were referring to  nanami-san with that "nanamin," huh?
nanami,geto-san did?
mechamaru,to be more precise, the thing  that is living within suguru geto.
mechamaru,the inside of shibuya station  is currently a real pandemonium.
mechamaru,it is full of those special-grades,  the cursed spirits they brought with them,
mechamaru,the curse users tied to geto,
mechamaru,as well as transfigured humans  and normal people.
nanami,in that case, it would be  faster to attack through
nanami,the subway from the neighboring stations.
nanami,but in order to do that,  we need to lift that veil first.
mechamaru,it is an emergency.
mechamaru,please multi-task.
nanami,i guess this is not the time for complaining.
nanami,there are several requests only  a first-grade can fulfill.
nanami,i will step outside and take care  of all those with ijichi-kun.
nanami,during that time, i want  you three to do something
nanami,about the veil keeping sorcerers out.
nanami,ino-kun.
nanami,kusakabe-san and zen'in's special first-grade
nanami,sorcerer should be inside this veil, as well.
nanami,if you are able to meet up with them,
nanami,please tell them about the situation  and request their help.
nanami,i think they already understand the situation,  though, thanks to that shouting.
ino,roger that!
nanami,also, please take care of these two.
ino,i will!
yuji,ino-san?
ino,nanami-san is counting on me!
ino,you two!
ino,before we start the mission,  let me make it clear how important this is.
our topic,the two main issues with losing gojo-san...
our topic,first, the collapse of the gojo clan.
our topic,the gojo clan is currently a one-man  team of satoru gojo himself.
our topic,there are also lots of  sorcerers who have been saved
our topic,due to gojo-san's influence, pride, and whims.
our topic,throughout heaven and earth, i alone am the honored one
our topic,itadori, you are one of those sorcerers, right?
yuji,yeah!
ino,so casual about it!
ino,all of those people are going to  find themselves in trouble,
ino,and, worst case, eliminated!
ino,that brings us to issue two:  the collapse of the power balance.
ino,all of the cursed spirits  and curse users who have
ino,been keeping quiet because  satoru gojo was around
ino,will start taking action all at once.
ino,now, if those guys from  issue two try starting a war
ino,while society's in disarray  from fighting over issue one,
ino,we will lose.
ino,that is the future as nanami-san and i see it.
ino,so what do you think happens if we lose?
fushiguro,at the very least, the age of humans  would probably be over for japan.
ino,see, you get it!
ino,now, let us go, you guys!
ino,we will break that veil before  nanami-san gets back!
ino,let us rescue satoru gojo!
ogami,did you hear that, awasaka?
ogami,"satoru gojo has been sealed."
ogami,they are leaking information  to their enemies.
awasaka,what is wrong with that, old ogami?
awasaka,it is finally starting to feel real to me.
awasaka,satoru gojo really has been sealed.
awasaka,i am getting excited.
awasaka,i wonder what is going to  happen to this country now.
ogami,nothing new.
ogami,people will curse, be cursed, and die.
jogo,madam, did you hear?
jogo,they said the gojos' little  satoru-kun was sealed!
mahito,oh, my!
mahito,i always thought that would  happen to that boy one day!
mahito,he was always flaunting his style,
mahito,acting like he was nothing  but leg below his nipples!
jogo,next time, "seance"!
screen,next episode seance
mahito,oh, geto-san, did you hear? the gojos' little—