screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
tsukumo,do you remember
tsukumo,the ways to rid cursed  spirits from our world?
tsukumo,regardless of which method is pursued,
tsukumo,it means advancing humanity  to the next stage.
tsukumo,now, i need to buy time for larue to act.
tsukumo,humanity's next stage is
tsukumo,freeing itself from cursed energy.
geto,no. it is optimizing cursed energy.
yuji,uh, i do not get it, either.
geto,i thought you already gave on your plan  twelve years ago, when zen'in toji died.
tsukumo,i was talking to geto-kun, you know.
tsukumo,well, whatever.
tsukumo,i went back to my original idea.
tsukumo,besides, there is a big hole  in your optimization plan.
tsukumo,extremely few sorcerers and cursed spirits  emerge in other countries compared to japan.
tsukumo,so tengen's barriers should be  indispensable to your optimization plan.
tsukumo,using tengen to optimize  cursed energy would mean
tsukumo,only the humans of this nation  would become sorcerers.
tsukumo,japan would practically have  a monopoly on cursed energy.
tsukumo,other nations, especially that superpower,  would not stand by and allow that.
tsukumo,flesh-and-blood humans  would become an energy source.
tsukumo,it is easy enough to imagine  what misfortune that would bring.
tsukumo,that is a world far removed  from the ideals i pursue.
geto,so what?
geto,for one thing, our objectives are different.
geto,i do not desire a world  without cursed spirits
geto,or any sort of idyllic peace.
geto,non-sorcerers, sorcerers, cursed spirits...
geto,those are all possibilities
geto,for the shape of cursed  energy that is mankind.
geto,though that should not be  anywhere near the full extent.
geto,i tried to give rise
geto,to other possibilities  for mankind on my own.
geto,but that did not work out.
geto,everything that i created myself
geto,was limited by the bounds  of my own potential.
geto,the answer was always  glimmering darkly within chaos.
geto,do you understand?
geto,what i should have created
geto,was chaos that went  beyond my own control.
geto,i have already finished  extracting the technique.
tsukumo,there was a cursed spirit  called mahito, right?!
tsukumo,the one with the technique  that let it interfere with souls!
yuji,that guy absorbed it earlier.
tsukumo,seriously?!
geto,idle transfiguration.
tsukumo,tengen's barrier? no, this is...
tsukumo,remote activation of a cursed technique?!
geto,you have my thanks, yuji itadori.
geto,a cursed spirit's mastery of  their technique ceases to progress
geto,from the moment they are absorbed  by cursed spirit manipulation.
geto,mahito truly matured  through his fight with you.
geto,to be honest, i wanted to have  jogo, as well, but no matter.
tsukumo,what did you do?
geto,i remotely activated  idle transfiguration on
geto,two types of non-sorcerers  that i marked ahead of time.
sign,tsumiki fushiguro
geto,one type was people whom i had absorb  cursed objects like yuji itadori did,
geto,and the other was people like junpei  yoshino who have cursed techniques,
geto,but whose brains were  structured like non-sorcerers.
geto,now i have adjusted their brains  to match those of sorcerers.
geto,for the former, i gave them  the strength to be vessels,
geto,and the latter have obtained the  ability to activate their techniques.
geto,and now...
geto,i have released the seal  on those cursed objects.
geto,some of them have been in a deep sleep
geto,after being exposed to my  cursed energy when i marked them,
geto,but they will soon awaken.
geto,so, starting now,
geto,i will have them kill each other in order to  deepen their understanding of cursed energy.
geto,i have carefully hand-picked  these people and cursed objects.
geto,think of it as unleashing a  thousand malevolent yuji itadoris.
tsukumo,a thousand?
tsukumo,that is conservative.
tsukumo,you are also underestimating  human rationality.
tsukumo,do you think people will start
tsukumo,killing each other just because  they were granted power?
geto,there is an order to everything.
geto,i certainly did not cut corners like  that when making my preparations.
geto,your questions are starting  to become shallow.
tsukumo,he is pissing me off,  so let us all beat him up together!
yuji,i cannot move right now, though...
geto,what is the matter, uraume?
uraume,i regenerated my body with  a reverse cursed technique...
uraume,this is...
uraume,poison?!
choso,my blood got mixed with  yours through piercing blood.
choso,of course it is.
momo,wait, we are not getting cover from mai-chan.
momo,they might still have  more allies over there.
tsukumo,my ally is protecting aoi,  the girl with the gun, and that suit.
tsukumo,they do not belong here.
panda,can you move?
kamo,yeah.
kamo,i can adjust my body heat.
kamo,no problems here.
kusakabe,i am so done.
geto,we were in the middle of our talk.
geto,the cursed objects that i distributed  are what is left of the sorcerers
geto,i have been secretly making pacts  with for a thousand years.
geto,of course, i forged my pacts  with more than just sorcerers,
geto,though my pacts with those were  annulled when i obtained this body.
tsukumo,you do not mean...
geto,this is the world of the future.
geto,see you later, yuji itadori.
yuji,gojo-sensei!
geto,i have high expectations for you.
geto,are you listening, sukuna?
geto,it is starting once again.
geto,the world of heian,  the golden age of jujutsu!
announcer,the following footage was recorded by  our crew, who happened to be on-site
announcer,reporting on a different matter at the  time of the incident in tokyo the other day.
announcer,please have a look.
reporter,uh, it is been about ten minutes  since the blackout, i think?
reporter,it is been a while,  and the blackout continues.
oldman,something really crazy is going on.
granny,sure it is not fake news?
reporter,we still cannot contact the station,  so the because remains unknown,
oldman,all the news is covering this, though.
granny,hmm... well, i will be getting home  late today, so have a frozen dinner.
reporter,and we have practically  no idea what is going on.
oldman,sure.
official(male),all 23 wards are nearly wiped out.
official(female),the safety of the prime minister's office,
official(female),including the chief cabinet  secretary, remains uncertain.
official(male),it is a political void!
official(male),a literal hole!
staff(male),no matter how low we estimate it,
staff(male),we need to make a plan to evacuate  at least five million citizens.
official(female),love hotels, campgrounds, ghost towns...
official(female),use whatever you can, as long as it  has the bare minimum infrastructure.
staff(female),more importantly, how are we  supposed to explain this to the residents?
staff(male),there is no point announcing anything  when we do not know the because!
reporter,also, the government has yet  to make an announcement.
reporter,was this simply the  malfunction of a substation?
reporter,was it terrorism?
reporter,or perhaps... it was a natural  disaster, like an earthquake?
man,too many conspiracy theorists  are crawling out.
reporter,either way, the because remains unclear,
woman,listen, would you put your phone  away and come help me here?
reporter,and we are being forced to wait  while they uncover it.
man,very well.
official(male),all we can firmly declare  safe are portions of
official(male),okutama, oume city, akiruno city, hachioji city,
official(male),machida city, and various islands.
official(male),for now, you mean.
official(male),the number of cursed spirits unleashed  is no less than ten million.
official(female),you want to enact an evacuation order  on every ward of the entire city?
official(female),afterward, we declare  the wards forbidden to entry.
official(female),make it a real uninhabited zone.
official(female),more importantly,  what about our announcement?
official(female),who is making it?
official(male),less "who" and more "how" to make it.
official(male),we still cannot get a hold  of the deputy secretary?
official(female),no, we cannot.
official(female),i have not heard anything  from his secretary, either.
official(male),what should we do?
official(male),now, now, the upper brass  will figure that out.
official(male),for now, we need to establish  contact with each ministry.
boyfriend,the low yen are not stopping.
girlfriend,that was at least good for exports, right?
staff(male),the japanese business  federation has lost it?
staff(female),they will not be doing any  lobbying if everyone is dead.
official(male),move the prime minister to osaka!
official(male),at this rate, there will be a massive  outbreak of cursed spirits everywhere!
official(male),most jujutsu sorcerers are already assigned  to protecting evacuees in the city!
official(male),and that outbreak is coming now!
official(female),with a power vacuum of this scale,
official(female),we may see military intervention  from other nations.
official(male),yes. huh?
official(male),oh, no.
official(male),yes.
official(male),i understand.
official(male),they are going to publicly announce  the existence of cursed spirits.
official(male),huh?!
official(male),they are going public with cursed spirits?!
official(male),are they seriously suggesting that?!
official(male),apparently, they intend to announce  that cursed spirits only arise in tokyo.
official(male),so the goal is to direct the populace's  leaking cursed energy to tokyo
official(male),and limit the outbreak of  cursed spirits to there, huh?
official(male),this is why i recommended itami as a potential  relocation site after kansai airport was built!
official(male),maybe it is better this way?
official(male),they would not have reached this decision  if kasumigaseki was functioning.
reporter,um, once again, we are sharing the latest.
reporter,the blackout still continues as before,
reporter,and we are unable to contact anyone.
reporter,there is been no official announcement, either,  so the because remains unknown.
reporter,the question is, how long will this last—hmm?
screen,live               unusual phenomenon in the capital? damage is spreading
cameraman,what?  what is that?!
cameraman,hey!
screen,please wait a moment
screen,please wait a moment
woman,huh? what is this?
woman,a movie?
imperialdirector,the barrier centered around the imperial  palace that was erected in the meiji era,
imperialdirector,and the barrier centered directly  above the tombs of the star corridor,
imperialdirector,which was a proposed site for the  relocation of tokyo in the bakumatsu era,
imperialdirector,will be forcibly expanded out  to the borders of the prefecture.
woman,come.
woman,come.
woman,it is dangerous here.
woman,i have a warm bath.
woman,i can sing songs, too.
girl,what about my mom?
woman,your mother, father,
woman,older sister, younger brother, and teacher are all here.
girl,i do not have a younger brother.
girl,and i hate my teacher.
woman,i do not have a younger brother.
woman,and i hate my teacher.
girl,are you okay?
girl,need a drink?
woman,please?
okkotsu,sorry.
okkotsu,did i scare you?
okkotsu,are you hurt?
okkotsu,were you with anyone?
okkotsu,like your mom or dad?
girl,i do not know.
okkotsu,it is all commercial buildings here,
okkotsu,so i guess she is not from around here?
okkotsu,did you walk a lot?
okkotsu,i see. you worked hard.
okkotsu,you can see them, huh?
okkotsu,that is bad, rika-chan.
okkotsu,do not overdo it.
tsukumo,i am sorry. i hesitated.
tsukumo,i thought i should sit back and watch,
tsukumo,and give him room to work, since the  situation had already progressed so far.
tsukumo,have you realized yet?
tsukumo,i am not really on your side.
tsukumo,i am just a humble beauty who wants to  eradicate cursed spirits from the world.
tsukumo,it might not be much of an apology,
tsukumo,but my allies and i will take responsibility  for delivering the kids who were there.
tsukumo,it is high time i confronted tengen, too.
tsukumo,what will you do?
leader,good work, okkotsu.
okkotsu,you do not really intend to thank me,
okkotsu,so let us just get to the point.
okkotsu,now you understand that  i will obey your orders, right?
leader,no amount of killing cursed  spirits will prove anything.
okkotsu,then forge a pact or whatever you need to.
okkotsu,it does not matter that he is  one of gojo-sensei's students.
okkotsu,he cut off inumaki-kun's arms in shibuya.
okkotsu,so i will kill yuji itadori.
screen,notice from jujutsu headquarters
screen,1) suguru geto's survival was confirmed. we hereby declare the reinstatement of his death sentence.
screen,2) satoru gojo has been deemed an accomplice in the shibuya incident and is hereby expelled from jujutsu society. in addition, any attempt to free him from his seal will be deemed a crime.
screen,3) masamichi yaga is sentenced to death for inciting satoru gojo and suguru geto, causing the shibuya incident.
screen,4) the suspension on yuji itadori's death sentence is hereby revoked, and his execution shall be carried out promptly.
screen,5) special-grade sorcerer yuta okkotsu shall be appointed as yuji itadori's executioner.
screen,episode 47 shibuya incident - gate, close
screen,to be continued