ui,nee-sama!
mei,so cramped.
mei,i get it now.
mei,step 1, restrain me in a coffin.
mei,step 2, bury me under a gravestone.
mei,step 3, start a three count.
mei,and that is as far as this domain's  guaranteed-hit effect applies.
mei,it is a special-grade disease curse.
mei,if i do not break out of the coffin  before the count is up,
mei,i will contract that disease and die.
mei,the real issue is that gravestone.
mei,if i eat that attack twice more,  i will no longer be able to move, as well.
mei,i would not want to fight  geto-kun in that state.
mei,ui ui, are you all right?
ui,yes, nee-sama.
mei,it is probably reflexively  targeting the person with
mei,the strongest cursed energy in its domain.
mei,only two crows were sucked  into the domain with me.
mei,i was right.
mei,so in order to take it down,
mei,i will have to shift its target to ui ui
mei,so he can buy me time to operate freely.
mei,but ui ui will die after taking  one hit from that gravestone.
mei,ui ui...
mei,will you die for me?
ui,are you sure that is all right? may i die for you?
ui,the moment i released my cursed energy,
ui,nee-sama suppressed hers.
ui,i understand everything now,
ui,nee-sama!
mei,did you think i only brought  that boy to carry my things?
ui,nee-sama's request that i risk my life
ui,is the signal permitting me  to use my cursed energy.
screen,new shadow style: simple domain
mei,ui ui's role is dealing with domains.
mei,it goes against my principles  to owe anyone anything.
mei,so i leave that aspect up to him.
mei,what do you think is the greatest way  to instantly boost a sorcerer's base power?
ui,it is using a pact that  puts your life on the line!
ui,right, nee-sama?!
ui,yes!
ui,the crowning attack of nee-sama's cursed  technique, black bird manipulation,
ui,is kamikaze: bird strike!
ui,she forces her crow to commit  suicide, which in return
ui,removes the limit on a crow's  normally feeble cursed energy,
ui,as she makes them slam into her opponent.
ui,no human is able to stop her bird strike,
ui,with the sole exception of satoru gojo.
mei,okay, everyone, it is the main event.
mei,will you die for me?
geto,not bad.
geto,for a modern sorcerer.
screen,episode 38 fluctuations
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
naobito,satoru gojo has been sealed, huh?
naobito,i feel like i have been bushwhacked.
nanami,me, too.
nanami,geto-san is involved, though,  even if he is a fake.
nanami,i imagine the trick lies there.
naobito,i would be happy to toast  the fall of the gojo clan.
maki,go home if you are not going to help!
naobito,go home, huh?
naobito,that is what you should be doing, maki.
naobito,right, grade 1 sorcerer, nanami-dono?
nanami,maki-san,
nanami,you should do what he says in this regard.
maki,i will be far more useful than some drunkard.
screen,22:20  shibuya station, inokashira line  avenue exit
nanami,have you been drinking?
naobito,no, i hafn'h been dwinking.
nanami,i guess there is never been a case  where i was better off alone.
maki,nanami-san.
nanami,yes.
nanami,i will take this one.
naobito,you guys are a bit too slow.
maki,did you see that?
nanami,no.
nanami,it must be his technique.
naobito,how many people have you eaten?
dagon,jogo...
dagon,mahito...
dagon,hanami...
dagon,hanami!
dagon,how dare...
dagon,how dare you kill hanami?!
dagon,...kill hanami?!
naobito,i see. no wonder you were weak.
naobito,you were still only a curse womb, then.
maki,water?!
maki,and such a vast amount of it!
naobito,cursed spirit,
naobito,do you know how many frames there  are in one second of animation?
dagon,it is not "cursed spirit." i am dagon.
naobito,there is a modern tendency to  raise resolutions and frame rates.
dagon,there is hanami, jogo, and mahito, too.
naobito,upscaling to 4k, and 60fps  frame interpolation...
dago,we all...
naobito,they do not because anyone any trouble  when done for personal use, so that is fine.
naobito,however, modern tvs have their damn  frame interpolation set to "on" by default!
naobito,it is not like "unwanted favor"  has become a dead phrase already!
naobito,nothing is more lamentable than that!
naobito,creating that soap opera effect...
dagon,we all have names!
naobito,do not you agree that is uncultured?!
naobito,whoa there.
nanami,no damage.
nanami,or rather, it feels more  like he has endless hp.
naobito,i cannot believe two grade 1s like  us could not exorcise it together.
naobito,what dire straits.
maki,shit!
maki,if the old man had not used his technique,
maki,i would have died there.
maki,i am ashamed.
naobito,a defensive barrier of water, huh?
naobito,can you produce large-scale attacks  at the same time, too?
naobito,you have too much cursed energy.
naobito,you still have several  techniques left, right?
naobito,so what should i do?
naobito,that is easy.
naobito,i will kill you quickly,
naobito,before you can use your technique!
dagon,impossible!
naobito,of course, you can hover, too, right?
naobito,i would escape upward, too.
dagon,i cannot activate my technique!
dagon,it is this man!
dagon,it is this man's fault!
dagon,he is fast!
dagon,probably faster than jogo!
narrator,projection sorcery.
narrator,the cursed technique of naobito zen'in.
narrator,it splits one second into 24  frames from his field of view,
narrator,and allows him to trace the actions  created in those frames at the start.
narrator,while the technique is active,
narrator,anyone naobito touches  with his hand must also
narrator,define their actions  within 1/24th of a second.
narrator,if they fail to do so,  then their action hangs,
narrator,and they remain frozen for one second.
narrator,there are risks.
narrator,the actions defined cannot  be edited halfway through.
narrator,creating actions that excessively  ignore physics and paths of motion
narrator,will result in him freezing, as well.
narrator,still, with his innate sense  for frame beats and time,
narrator,he is managed to become the fastest  sorcerer, aside from satoru gojo.
naobito,i will not let you.
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
dagon,domain expansion:
dagon,horizon of the captivating skandha.
maki,shikigami?! so this is the domain's  guaranteed-hit attack?
maki,i did not notice them until they struck.
maki,no, they did not even exist until they hit.
naobito,secret art: falling blossom emotion.
narrator,an anti-domain technique passed  down among the big three clans.
narrator,like simple domain, the user does  not activate their own domain,
narrator,and instead, the moment the domain's  guaranteed-hit attack activates,
narrator,it protects the user by countering  with their own cursed energy.
dagon,i knew that man was  different from the others.
dagon,i am done testing their strength.
dagon,i will split my power, 70% to the mustached man,  and 30% to the man in a suit.
dagon,activate technique: death swarm!
nanami,maki-san!
nanami,the shikigami are not  heading straight for us!
nanami,they will be gouging out our  flesh in the next instant!
nanami,do not think about it!
nanami,the moment you feel contact,  cut them down one after another!
nanami,that is the best you can manage  with your scant cursed en—
maki,nanami-san!
naobito,the surge of shikigami is not abating at all.
naobito,is it possible the technique  embedded into this domain is—
naobito,falling—
dagon,the sea is the source of all life.
dagon,weak.
dagon,you are first.
dagon,death swarm is a swarm of  endlessly emerging shikigami.
maki,if you are going to call me weak,
maki,then kill me in a single blow,
maki,octobitch.
dagon,then i will devour you...
maki,shit!
dagon,...just like the other two.
fushiguro,maki-san!
maki,megumi!
maki,you really are...
maki,one hell of a cheeky underclassman!
fushiguro,it is him!
fushiguro,that octopus!
fushiguro,he is the source of this domain!
dagon,you dare infiltrate my domain on your own?
dagon,how foolish.
dagon,what?!
dagon,the guaranteed-hit effect  of my domain is gone!
dagon,that boy is deploying his domain.
dagon,right now, his domain and  mine are playing tug-of-war.
dagon,in order to regain my guaranteed-hit effect,
dagon,i will have to crush his domain first.
dagon,easily done!
nanami,the other two?
fushiguro,ino-san tapped out.
fushiguro,itadori's acting on his own.
nanami,i will protect you.
nanami,please focus on your domain.
dagon,that man...
dagon,he endured death swarm for roughly a minute?
dagon,the mustachioed man, too!
naobito,you only took one measly right arm.
naobito,but it had 71 years in it.
naobito,that is going to cost you!
nanami,if this state keeps up, we have a chance.
nanami,if it keeps up.
fushiguro,nanami-san!
fushiguro,that octopus currently thinks our  domains are pushing for control.
fushiguro,but my goal is different.
fushiguro,i will open a small hole
fushiguro,in the barrier of this domain!
fushiguro,the hole i entered through  is already sealed.
fushiguro,it is harder to open one  from inside than outside,
fushiguro,but i can open a hole large enough for  someone to pass through for a few seconds.
fushiguro,that thing is not gojo-sensei.
fushiguro,it should not be able to use domain  expansion multiple times in one day.
fushiguro,once we are all out of  this domain, we can win.
fushiguro,the edge of his domain is beneath my feet.
fushiguro,i can tell, since i touched it when i entered.
fushiguro,i am ready to go at any time!
fushiguro,if all three of you jump in once...
nanami,none of this leaving yourself  behind alone, all right?
fushiguro,i am risking my life,
fushiguro,but i do not intend to throw it away.
nanami,you two!
nanami,gather 'round!
dagon,they are bolstering their defense of the boy?
dagon,that just groups them up for me to—
dagon,no!
nanami,he figured it out?! but it is too late!
nanami,to fushiguro-kun's feet!
mei,do not you think sibling relationships tend  to show through in a person's character?
ui,nee-sama, that could encourage  the discriminatory
ui,idea that all only children are selfish!
yuji,you are right, that is not good!
ui,are you refuting nee-sama?
yuji,huh?!
screen,next episode fluctuations, part 2
mei,next time, "fluctuations, part 2."
ui,what about satoru gojo?
both,he is an only child, of course.