toudou,the hands will never surpass the eyes.
toudou,unless you cultivate the "eyes"  to discern good from bad,
screen,class check  ~production~
screen,correct answer waiting room
toudou,you cannot hope to improve the  "hands" that create works of art.
toudou,it is a phrase that is often  used among creators,
toudou,but it applies to all kinds of fields.
toudou,those with good "eyes" will improve
toudou,far more rapidly than those without!
toudou,when i throw my right horizontal punch,
toudou,he immediately sends a left vertical jab!
toudou,itadori was not moving like that before!
toudou,he is improving...
toudou,by devouring me!
toudou,what a beautiful way to knock me down!
yuuji,his face is wide open!
yuuji,i can hit it!
yuuji,even with divergent fist!
toudou,however!
yuuji,he stopped my fist with his forehead  before it could reach full speed?!
toudou,that is not what i want you  to devour right now.
toudou,your divergent fist
toudou,is created by your cursed energy
toudou,lagging behind your  superhuman physical prowess,
toudou,when normally it would never lag.
toudou,it is a tricky move.
toudou,your average sorcerer would not know what  happened, and they would be left disoriented.
toudou,it carries plenty of force, too.
toudou,for opponents on that level, at least!
toudou,but it will not work against special-grades.
toudou,what will you do, best friend?
yuuji,imbue my full strength with  cursed energy at the right moment.
toudou,good!
toudou,so then why is your cursed energy lagging?
toudou,it is because you are channeling it!
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,wait, i thought we were talking  about channeling it faster...
toudou,we channel cursed energy.
toudou,many sorcerers do this consciously.
toudou,"my stomach's full of rage."
toudou,"the blood's boiling in my gut."
toudou,the theory is that cursed energy extracted
toudou,from such negative emotions
screen,curse
toudou,starts in the navel and is  channeled throughout the body.
toudou,they say it flows from the navel to the chest,
toudou,then the shoulders, arms,  and finally the fists,
toudou,but this perception of  the body as individual parts
toudou,is what delays cursed energy.
toudou,the idea of channeling cursed  energy is not wrong in itself.
toudou,but that is only the first step!
toudou,you cannot let yourself remain  too trapped by that concept.
toudou,the better the sorcerer, the harder it is  to read the flow of their cursed energy.
toudou,for a different reason from why yours is.
toudou,do we think with our guts?
toudou,do we express anger with our heads?
toudou,listen to me, itadori.
toudou,we exist in this world with our entire mind,  body, and soul as one whole.
toudou,it is such a given that  everyone forgets about it.
yuuji,thanks, toudou.
yuuji,i think i get it now.
toudou,then no more words are needed.
toudou,i will not hold back.
toudou,i will guide you with my full strength!
toudou,do not die on me, itadori!
toudou,rise up to greater heights!
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 16: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 2 -
screen,episode 16: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 2 -
kugisaki,hey, you.
kugisaki,your old fart told you to kill itadori, right?
momo,this girl has good intuition.
momo,no, that was probably panda-chan.
momo,huh? what do you mean?
kugisaki,you really do not need to hide it.
kugisaki,i am out to kill someone, too.
kugisaki,especially that bitch mai,  the watered-down version of maki.
momo,what?
kugisaki,do not "what?" me.
kugisaki,even pepper-kun gives slightly  better responses than that.
kugisaki,what, she is not getting mad?
kugisaki,but i feel the same way right now!
kugisaki,oh, i almost forgot. you guys  have your own pepper-kun, huh?
kugisaki,maybe i will scrap it and dump it somewhere.
panda,scary...
kugisaki,panda-senpai!
mechamaru,it is a cursed corpse.
mechamaru,it will not die.
mechamaru,though it will not be able to move for a while.
mechamaru,now, who were you calling a pepper-kun?
momo,hold on, mechamaru.
momo,i will beat this first-year into cute shape.
momo,i will show her how mai-chan's suffered
momo,and teach her all about what it means  for a woman to live as a jujutsu sorcerer.
panda,just kidding.
kugisaki,huh?
panda,you looking for attention?
panda,you should focus on support  and staying hidden.
panda,well, let us just get along,
panda,since we are so similar.
mechamaru,damn puppet...
mechamaru,what do you know?!
panda,good grief. what happened  to hunting cursed spirits?
mechamaru,sword option:
mechamaru,boost on!
mechamaru,ultra spin!
mechamaru,cannot you keep still?
panda,i need to finish this quickly.
panda,i would rather leave him be and go  help nobara, but he fires at range.
panda,we did not have information on  mechamaru, nishimiya, or miwa, but...
panda,you are strong.
panda,what grade are you?
screentoptobottom,first-grade
screentoptobottom,semi-     first-grade
screentoptobottom,second-grade
screentoptobottom,semi-     second-grade
screentoptobottom,third-grade
panda,by my guess, this is where everyone stands.
panda,it is a little too much  for nobara to handle.
mechamaru,i do not think my rating against  cursed spirits is needed right now,
mechamaru,but i will tell you.
mechamaru,semi-first-grade.
panda,huh?
mechamaru,ultra cannon!
panda,his area of attack is huge!
panda,heat emission!
panda,it is a technique with big build-up and cool-down.
mechamaru,this output is pointless if  i do not hit its core dead-on.
yaga,cursed corpses.
yaga,that is the generic name  for inanimate objects
yaga,that house curses and can operate independently.
yaga,man-made cursed corpses always have  a core that serves as their heart.
yaga,panda is the ultimate masterpiece  by myself, yaga masamichi,
,the leading expert on  puppeteering cursed techniques.
yaga,he is a cursed corpse born with emotions...
yaga,a cursed corpse mutation!
yaga,panda... is not a panda!
mechamaru,i cannot follow his movements!
panda,i guess if there was another like me,  i would have at least heard rumors.
panda,the fact that i have not
panda,means you are not a cursed corpse.
panda,you are a sorcerer who is remote-controlling  this thing while your main body's elsewhere.
panda,that does not mean you should snap over  being treated like a cursed corpse.
panda,you do not like being similar to me?
panda,you wound me.
panda,i think it actually hurts!
panda,judging from your cursed energy output,  your main body should not be that far away.
panda,no, you are just outside the arena, huh?
panda,guess there is no point in  hunting you down, then.
panda,you would just be free to act in the meantime.
panda,so i guess i will just bust you up.
mechamaru,you will not be doing either.
mechamaru,heavenly pact.
mechamaru,have you heard of it?
mechamaru,it is not like a pact normally  forged with oneself.
mechamaru,it is a pact forced upon the body  from the moment it is born.
mechamaru,i was born without a right arm  or anything below my knees,
mechamaru,and i had no sensation from the waist down.
mechamaru,my skin is so fragile that even moonlight burns it,
mechamaru,and it constantly feels like needles  are stabbing every pore of my body.
mechamaru,but in exchange, i have been granted the ability
mechamaru,to use cursed techniques over vast distances,
mechamaru,as well as immense cursed energy production.
mechamaru,i did not ask for any of this power.
mechamaru,if i could trade my cursed techniques  to have a normal body, i would gladly do so.
mechamaru,so when i see a cursed corpse like you
mechamaru,walking around in broad daylight  without a care instead of me,
mechamaru,i just cannot stand it!
mechamaru,ultimate mechamaru,
mechamaru,mode: albatross!
panda,that is an incredible  amount of cursed energy!
panda,and given his position,  nobara's in his line of fire!
panda,i have to block it!
mechamaru,ultimate cannon!
mechamaru,it is dead?
mechamaru,no, the very concept of death
mechamaru,does not apply to you.
panda,you revealed your technique
panda,while boasting about your misfortune, then.
panda,quite the sorcerer thing to do.
mechamaru,it is still alive after taking a hit  from ultimate cannon?!
panda,i am kind of pissed now.
mechamaru,what is that form?
yaga,panda... is not a panda!
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
yaga,panda.
yaga,you have an older brother  and an older sister.
panda,no, i do not.
yaga,yes, you do.
yaga,they are inside you.
yaga,and why the polite tone?
panda,inside me?
yaga,yes. you will understand someday.
yaga,those two will always,
yaga,always lend you strength.
mechamaru,sword option: ultra shield!
panda,normally, a cursed corpse has  a single core for its heart.
panda,but there are three cores inside me,
panda,and by switching out which one is  the main core, i can convert my body.
panda,there is the panda core, focused on balance...
panda,my older brother, gorilla core,  focused on power for short, decisive battles...
panda,and my bashful older sister.
panda,his first attack got my older sister's core,
panda,and that last one exhausted the panda core.
panda,i have no choice left but to  beat him with gorilla mode!
mechamaru,he does not pack as much power as toudou.
mechamaru,but that palm strike just now
mechamaru,went all the way to my internals.
mechamaru,even if i guard, i will still take damage.
panda,you realized it?
panda,this is gorilla mode's special move,
panda,the unstoppable drumming beat!
mechamaru,if i take that drumming beat  to my head or chest,
mechamaru,i will not be able to move mechamaru anymore.
mechamaru,my right arm, sword option, is no longer functioning.
mechamaru,i cannot fire ultimate cannon anymore, either.
panda,gorilla mode pounds through  cursed energy like a gorilla.
panda,i need to hurry.
panda,i crushed his right arm.
panda,he cannot fire off his  ultimate attack anymore.
panda,no swords in his left or his mouth,  so only ranged blasts left?
panda,even so, he should not fire them haphazardly.
panda,mechamaru believes he failed to finish  me with those blasts twice already,
panda,despite actually putting two  of my cores close to death.
panda,this time he will likely blast my core  with point-blank precision
panda,or try to finish me with a slash.
panda,however...
panda,i have the advantage at close range!
panda,a tile?
panda,did he pick it off the roof just now?
panda,a distraction, then jet acceleration!
panda,he is experienced at this!
mechamaru,this time, i will not miss!
mechamaru,its core is where its  cursed energy is densest!
mechamaru,right here!
mechamaru,you did well, for a puppet.
panda,do not treat me like other cursed corpses.
panda,i know how to bluff the position of my core  with cursed energy manipulation.
panda,i am already concealing the  number of cores, anyway.
panda,you lost because you  underestimated puppets.
panda,i have not had a single thing in common with  anyone around me from the moment i was born.
panda,i thought you and i could  understand each other in that sense.
panda,though i have never once  been jealous of humans.
mechamaru,what?
panda,i mean, humans are creepy, you know?
panda,they will risk their lives and fight  hard toward their goals,
panda,then they will be laid-back or  wishy-washy. i do not get it.
panda,still, i do love those aspects  that i do not have,
panda,creepy as they are.
panda,i am sure you have your own  hardships, too, mechamaru.
panda,but having more hardships  does not make you right.
panda,i mean, it is not like we are  enemies in the first place.
panda,why are you a jujutsu  sorcerer to begin with?
panda,because that is the only thing you can do?
panda,i mean, not that it really matters.
panda,but if you want to make something happen,
panda,i will help you.
kamo,mechamaru.
kamo,do not waste your powerful moves.
kamo,you never know when you will be facing  more than the single enemy before you.
toudou,mechamaru,
,do not go thinking someone who cannot  instantly state his type of woman
,can become a full-fledged jujutsu sorcerer.
miwa,mechamaru, it is just obligatory,  but i got you these instead of chocolates.
miwa,i heard you liked aa evoltas.
mechamaru,i am not like that.
miwa,huh?
miwa,but mai said—
mechamaru,one day...
mechamaru,together with everyone...
panda,hm? say that again?
mechamaru,i wonder if you will still say you will  help me after seeing what i look like.
panda,you think i am going to  fuss over what you look like?
panda,i am a panda.
panda,later.
panda,let me pay you a visit next time.
mechamaru,shut up, you damn puppet.
panda,i forgot!
panda,lend me your phone.
screen,kyoto sister school exchange event group battle ultimate mechamaru - retired
miwa,no way!
miwa,this woman... is incredibly strong!
mechamaru&screen,juju stroll
mai,mechamaru, let noritoshi know  utahime-sensei's calling for him.
momo,mechamaru, give this to toudou-kun.
miwa,mechamaru! perfect timing.
miwa,this is for toudou-senpai and kamo-senpai.
mechamaru,why do you all always go through me?
three,grk!
toudou,do not talk to me right now.
toudou,takada-chan's live-streaming.
kamo,ibaragi?
kamo,it is ibaraki.
kamo,you do not even know that?
mai&momo,because they are too much trouble, obviously.
miwa,i am honestly still scared of them...
three,but if i said that, i might not  be able to ask him anymore.
miwa,mechamaru!
miwa,we are counting on you!
momo,time for our missions!
mechamaru,wait...
mechamaru,why?
mechamaru,well, i guess it is good  that they can rely on me.
screen,episode 17: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 3 -