yuuji,i am going, nanamin.
nanami,you cannot.
nanami,i already explained why this morning.
nanami,if a veil has been cast,
nanami,there is a strong likelihood he is both  alive and at satozakura high school.
nanami,i will be back soon.
nanami,please wait there, itadori-kun.
nanami,it is probably pointless to ask him that.
nanami,you heard why, so i will leave  the rest of this to you, ino-kun.
ino,huh?!
nanami,is there a problem with that?
ino,well, the number of them...
ino,there is a lot.
ino,and they are all humans, right?
nanami,i would not mind taking on the recommendation  to make you a grade 1 jujutsu sorcerer.
ino,let us get this done, baby! yeah!
yuuji,please step aside, ijichi-san.
ijichi,our job is to help others.
ijichi,that includes those who are  still students, like yourself.
ijichi,i will not make any more mistakes.
ijichi,you must not go, itadori-kun.
yuuji,sorry, ijichi-san.
yuuji,what are you doing, junpei?!
junpei,stay out of this, jujutsu sorcerer.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 12:  to you, someday
screen,episode 12:  to you, someday
junpei,moon dregs!
yuuji,a jellyfish shikigami?
yuuji,blunt attacks will not work  when he is inside it?
junpei,i will say it one more time.
junpei,stay out of this, jujutsu sorcerer!
junpei,it is none of your business!
yuuji,that is not something you get to decide!
junpei,what is the point of indiscriminate salvation?
junpei,do not mistake the value of a life!
junpei,people pretend their  emotions are everything,
junpei,but the heart is just the metabolism of the soul.
junpei,it is all a delusion!
junpei,do not restrict me with rules  that are based on a delusion.
junpei,no one has the right to stop anyone  from taking what lives they can.
junpei,just sleep over there.
junpei,there is something i have to go back and do.
mahito,your cursed technique is poison.
mahito,you produce poison from cursed energy
mahito,and make your shikigami  secrete it from its tentacles.
mahito,you will learn to control
mahito,the size and strength of your shikigami,  as well as the potency of your poison.
mahito,a normal jujutsu sorcerer would need some time to grasp it,
mahito,but i will teach you the sensation,
mahito,so you will be able to fight right away.
mahito,junpei, you have talent.
yuuji,who are you making excuses for?
junpei,why?
junpei,why will not moon dregs' poison work on him?
junpei,why are you getting in my way?
junpei,why?!
junpei,why?!
junpei,why?!
junpei,he is in the air! he cannot move!
junpei,no... if there is a chance to crush him,  it is right before he lands!
yuuji,junpei, i do not understand...
yuuji,a damn thing you are saying!
yuuji,you can string together  whatever logic you want.
gojou,when facing shikigami users,  strike the sorcerer directly.
yuuji,you are just trying...
yuuji,to convince yourself you are in the right!
yuuji,i do not know what your motive is.  i am sure you have a reason for doing this.
yuuji,but is it really worth
yuuji,throwing away that life you have?
yuuji,the human heart is a delusion?
yuuji,can you say that in front of her?!
junpei,people do not have hearts.
yuuji,you are still—
junpei,they do not!
junpei,otherwise...
junpei,otherwise...
junpei,that would mean people cursed me  and my mom with those hearts!
junpei,that would just be too much...
junpei,i would not know what is right
junpei,or what is wrong anymore...
junpei,why did not you dodge it?
yuuji,sorry.
yuuji,i said a lot of self-important stuff  without understanding anything.
yuuji,tell me what happened.
yuuji,i swear i will not curse you anymore.
yuuji,so please.
yuuji,no way... your mom...
yuuji,junpei, come to jujutsu tech.
yuuji,there are lots of crazy strong teachers  and reliable friends there.
yuuji,if we all work together,
yuuji,i am sure we can find  whoever cursed your mom.
yuuji,then you can make sure they get their due!
yuuji,let us fight together!
yuuji,who are you?
yuuji,who is that?
yuuji,a person?
mahito,nice to meet you...
yuuji,no, this feels like...
mahito,...vessel of sukuna.
junpei,mahito-san, wait!
yuuji,am i an idiot?!
yuuji,a human-shaped cursed spirit  with a patchwork face!
yuuji,this is exactly what  nanamin said would happen!
yuuji,junpei, run!
yuuji,i do not know what  relationship you have with him,
yuuji,but right now, just run!
yuuji,please!
junpei,itadori-kun, please calm down!
junpei,mahito-san's not a bad person...
junpei,bad... person...
mahito,you know, junpei, you have got  a good head on your shoulders.
mahito,but sometimes deliberation can lead  to worse foolishness than imprudence.
mahito,you are a stereotypical case of that!
mahito,you are almost as foolish as
mahito,those people you call fools yourself.
mahito,that is why you will die.
mahito,idle transfiguration.
mahito,now, time for round two.
yuuji,junpei...
yuuji,junpei!
yuuji,get a hold of yourself!
yuuji,i will heal you right now!
yuuji,sukuna!
yuuji,sukuna!
sukuna,what?
yuuji,i will do anything!
yuuji,you can do anything you want with me!
yuuji,so heal junpei like you did  when you restored my heart!
sukuna,i refuse!
yuuji,damn you...
sukuna,good.
sukuna,he is completely forgotten about that pact.
sukuna,how very amusing!
sukuna,you would offer up your pride,
sukuna,your future, your everything,  to try to rely on me...
sukuna,and you cannot save anything!
mahito,he refused the pact?
mahito,the shape of one's soul is not something that  reverse cursed techniques could deal with...
mahito,maybe healing others is beyond him?
sukuna,pathetic!
sukuna,you could not be more pathetic, brat!
mahito,though, what i am after is what comes next,
mahito,so i guess this is fine.
yuuji,oh, that is right.
yuuji,at the end of the day,
yuuji,these two are both
yuuji,curses.
junpei,yuuji...
junpei,why?
mahito,oh, dead already?
mahito,i suppose i was kind of rough  when i changed his shape.
mahito,guess that is how it goes.
mahito,that was an unusual blow.
mahito,interesting!
mahito,too bad, though.
mahito,that will not work. so long  as i maintain the shape of my—
mahito,what is going on?!
mahito,he struck the shape of my soul, as well?
mahito,that is right!
mahito,itadori yuuji's a vessel.
mahito,his body constantly houses another  soul in addition to his own.
mahito,so naturally...
mahito,you are aware...
mahito,of the outline of your soul?
yuuji,the next words that spilled from my lips
yuuji,came from so deep within  my gut that it nearly made
yuuji,all the things i have ever said feel like a lie.
yuuji,i will kill you!
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
mahito,do not you mean you will  "exorcise" me, jujutsu sorcerer?
mahito,itadori yuuji is not concerned  with his own life.
mahito,getou forbade me from forcing him  into an external pact using hostages.
mahito,so if he cannot kill a foe he hates  so much that he longs to kill them,
mahito,he will probably turn to sukuna.
mahito,if junpei is not enough,
mahito,i would just need to transform every  student, one by one, before his eyes.
mahito,that would lead itadori yuuji to negotiate  and forge a pact with sukuna
mahito,while he is full of hatred for self-interest.
mahito,if that also improved the chances of  sukuna joining our side, all the better.
mahito,though, all of that presumes  that i am stronger than him.
mahito,so why did he have to be
mahito,my natural enemy?
yuuji,he keeps changing his damn shape so much!
yuuji,would it be better to stop thinking of  combos that start with holds and throws?
mahito,now that i know his attacks work on me,
mahito,changing my shape and making  his target bigger is a bad idea.
both,in that case...
both,in that case...
yuuji,even if it takes a hundred or a thousand times,
yuuji,i will keep pounding him
yuuji,into a pulp!
mahito,i will use a shape more honed toward murder,
mahito,with more inspiration for murder,
mahito,and manifest it!
yuuji,you cannot keep stretching forever!
mahito,most people would let go, you know.
mahito,spreading my shape too much causes it  to lose strength and maneuverability.
mahito,you cannot beat me.
mahito,swap out already...
mahito,with sukuna.
mahito,idle transfiguration.
sukuna,you dare touch my soul?
sukuna,since we both heartily ridiculed  that brat together,
sukuna,i will allow it once.
sukuna,there will not be a second time.
sukuna,know your place,
sukuna,fool.
yuuji,i am not swapping out.
yuuji,i already told you...
yuuji,i will kill you.
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,nanamin!
nanami,i will lecture you later.
nanami,tell me the situation.
yuuji,i could not save two people.
nanami,it is always others first?
nanami,explain your physical state first.
yuuji,i am fine.
yuuji,though i am full of holes.
nanami,that is not fine.
yuuji,also, everyone from this school  is unconscious in the gym.
mahito,hey, you are alive and well, 7:3 sorcerer!
mahito,glad to see we both survived.
mahito,shall we share a hug,
mahito,in celebration of our reunion?
nanami,itadori-kun, why is his nose bleeding?
yuuji,huh? i punched him.
nanami,when?
yuuji,at the start of our fight.
nanami,did his hand touch you?
yuuji,yeah.
nanami,my attacks will not work on him.
yuuji,huh?!
yuuji,what?! why?!
nanami,i will explain while i am lecturing you.
nanami,one, his technique does not  work on itadori-kun,
nanami,or two, there is some reason  he will not kill itadori-kun.
nanami,either way, that is good for us.
nanami,however, i can halt his movements.
nanami,once we have both created an opening,  we will shower him with blows.
nanami,we will make sure to exorcise him here.
yuuji,yeah!
screen,juju stroll
screen,episode 13: tomorrow