haruta,i ended up not doing anything.
haruta,i wonder if they will be mad.
haruta,though in contrast,
haruta,you worked too hard.
haruta,poor thing.
haruta,shall i put you out of your misery?
mahito,good work.
mahito,you are just a human. do not act on your own.
mahito,or i will kill you.
haruta,come on, i am just being nice.
haruta,but i guess a curse would not  understand such subtleties.
haruta,so, got the goods?
mahito,without a hitch.
mahito,all six of the special-grade  "sukuna's finger" cursed objects
mahito,that jujutsu high possessed...
mahito,and the other special-grade cursed object,
mahito,"cursed wombs: death paintings,"  one through three.
geto,most of the temples at jujutsu high
geto,are actually just a facade.
geto,tengen's barrier keeps their  position changing every day.
geto,among those, only one  of over a thousand doors
geto,leads to the storeroom
geto,that holds cursed objects  as dangerous as the fingers.
geto,only tengen knows which door leads  to the storehouse each day,
,so i doubt anyone will interfere.
mahito,who is tengen?
geto,a jujutsu sorcerer with  an immortality technique.
jogo,immortality?!
jogo,who is stronger, him or gojo satoru?!
geto,he has immortality, but not eternal youth.
geto,you can think of him as just a tree.
geto,tengen basically does not  interfere with the world,
geto,aside from maintaining barriers.
geto,you really do not have to worry about him.
geto,remember the finger we let  jujutsu high retrieve previously?
geto,i placed a charm comprised of mahito's  cursed energy on it before they collected it.
geto,it is under a single-layer seal,  so they will not remove it.
geto,he will be able to find it easily.
mahito,any gatekeepers?
geto,there are two of tengen's attendants  between the door and the storeroom,
geto,but they are chumps.
geto,more importantly, before the veil goes down,
geto,i would like you to thin out the sorcerers standing  by at jujutsu high as quietly as possible.
geto,we want to reduce the burden on hanami.
hanami,why are not we sealing  gojo satoru within the veil?
geto,because we do not want him to direct his  attention toward mahito's main mission.
geto,and we need him to exercise  a degree of his full power,
geto,or it will not be a proper test of the veil.
geto,trapping the students inside  will be more effective.
hanami,is it okay to kill all but sukuna's vessel?
geto,that is fine, but i would not recommend it.
geto,sukuna's actions
geto,are not quite what i had imagined.
geto,this is just my guess,
geto,but i believe one of the students
geto,acts as a land mine for sukuna.
geto,if we step on that,
geto,then in the worst case, all of our  current plans will be ruined.
jogo,we should just kidnap itadori ahead of time.
jogo,he is a pawn we will be using anyway.
geto,no, itadori...
geto,or rather, sukuna himself, is also a bomb.
geto,both for us and for jujutsu high.
geto,we should not agitate it until  the moment we want more chaos:
geto,october 31st, in shibuya.
geto,we should keep everything we can use  to seal gojo satoru in reserve until then.
geto,we will have a few curse  users accompany us, too,
geto,but kumiya juzo...
geto,he is disposable.
geto,he is not the kind of person who can  follow a plan all the way through.
geto,he will get in our way later.
geto,we will have a different human monitoring  our commissioned test run of the veil,
geto,so get along with them.
mahito,hear that? get along, jogo!
jogo,hmph!
jogo,i am not going, anyway.
mahito,come on, wake up, hanami.
mahito,let us go home.
hanami,mahito.
hanami,trying to pump the brakes on  my hostility is incredibly stressful.
mahito,you are sounding more  like a curse, too, hanami.
,jujutsu kaisen
ijichi,tokyo  jujutsu  high  school
screen,episode 21: jujutsu koshien
ijichi,next up are the casualties.
screen,episode 21: jujutsu koshien
ijichi,three second-grade sorcerers,
ijichi,one semi-first-grade sorcerer,
ijichi,five assistant supervisors,
ijichi,and two cursed storehouse guards.
ijichi,they are all sorcerers who were  standing by at jujutsu high
ijichi,and working separately from  gojo-san and principal yaga.
ijichi,we are waiting on the report from ieiri-san,
ijichi,but we are nearly certain it was  the work of the cursed spirit
ijichi,that nanami-san encountered before.
gojo,tsk.
utahime,do you think we should share this information  with the students and the other sorcerers?
gakuganji,no.
yaga,it is probably better to keep  this among the higher-ups.
yaga,we do not want to give curse users certainty  that special-grade objects were stolen.
yaga,has the curse user we  captured spilled anything?
ijichi,it is not hard to get him to talk,
ijichi,but most of what he says  is irrelevant nonsense.
ijichi,however, he claims that he  only participated in the attack
,because he was ordered to as part of a deal.
juzo,i wanted to make a coat rack.
juzo,that monk promised me that.
juzo,i do not know their name.
juzo,i could not tell if they were a man or woman.
juzo,just a brat with white hair in a bob cut.
meimei,an androgynous monk kid with a bob cut?
meimei,that ring any bells?
gojo,nope.
gojo,we sure he is not spouting bullshit?
gojo,is there any sorcerer skilled  at getting confessions?
utahime,how did a cursed spirit and outsiders
utahime,get through tengen-sama's  barriers in the first place?
gojo,that was probably the work of the  special-grade cursed spirit the students fought.
gojo,that one has a unique presence.
gojo,even though it is a cursed spirit,  it is incredibly close to a natural spirit.
gojo,according to aoi, it was  able to hide among plants.
gojo,and tengen-sama's barrier  does not function against plants.
gojo,tengen-sama's barrier puts all its  power into hiding, not protecting.
gojo,so once you get in, it is kind of weak.
gojo,are they worried about sukuna's  fingers enhancing yuji's potential?
gojo,or are they trying to enhance themselves?
gojo,something is not sitting right.
utahime,for now, let us be glad our students are safe.
yaga,but it goes without saying that the  exchange event is now canceled.
gojo,hold on.
gojo,that is not for us to decide, is it?
kugisaki,when did you start getting  along with that gorilla?
yuji,well, we got along, but like...
yuji,i remember what happened,  but i was not exactly myself then...
kugisaki,what, were you drunk?
yuji,you believe i could have been  drinking liquor in that situation?
yuji,i am shocked.
yuji,but i am glad you were not  seriously hurt, fushiguro.
yuji,you are able to eat pizza now, too.
fushiguro,come on, bring me  something easier to digest.
kugisaki,no complaining.
fushiguro,apparently, i got off easier because  my cursed energy was all dried up.
fushiguro,ieiri-san was still able to fix me up  as soon as the roots were removed.
yuji,huh, so that is a thing that can happen?
kugisaki,you fought against them, did not you?
fushiguro,itadori.
fushiguro,you have grown stronger.
fushiguro,back then, we both said our  convictions were proper ones.
fushiguro,i still think that is true.
fushiguro,or, put another way, we are both wrong.
yuji,huh?
kugisaki,some questions do not have answers, you know.
kugisaki,you are thinking too hard.
kugisaki,you will go bald.
fushiguro,that is right. there is no answer.
fushiguro,it is just whether or not you can accept it.
fushiguro,but there is no accepting anything  if you cannot have it your way.
fushiguro,weak sorcerers cannot do that.
fushiguro,so i am going to become strong, too.
fushiguro,i will surpass you in no time.
yuji,you never change.
kugisaki,do not just move the conversation  forward without me.
todo,that is my brother's friends for you!
todo,where are you going, brother?!
yuji,i am grateful to you, but give me a break!
yuji,i was not thinking straight then!
todo,what are you saying?!
todo,we have been so close since  middle school, brother!
yuji,i did not go to your middle school!
cap,curse
miwa,hello! useless miwa here!
miwa,even though i call myself useless,
miwa,i do not think i am actually that bad.
miwa,but while everyone was risking their lives
,fighting during the special-grade  cursed spirit's attack,
miwa,i was fast asleep,
miwa,and now i feel ashamed.
miwa,also, who broke my sword?
miwa,was it mai's older sister?
miwa,between all that, we thought  the exchange event was canceled,
miwa,but after taking a day off,
miwa,we are now...
gojo,play ball!
miwa,...playing baseball.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,— one day prior —
gojo,so anyway,
gojo,a lot happened and some people died,
gojo,but how about it? want to  continue the exchange event?
yuji,i do not know what to say about it...
todo,obviously...
todo,we are continuing it, of course.
yuji,t-todo!
gojo,your reasons?
todo,first, only those with a connection to  the dead have a right to mourn them.
todo,it is not our place to butt in there.
todo,and second, if people have died,
todo,that is all the more reason  we need to become stronger.
todo,acquired strength comes from  the accumulation of results.
todo,tasting defeat and savoring victory
todo,is what leads us to grow.
todo,the most important part is  for those results to exist.
miwa,todo-senpai's surprisingly reliable.
mai,reliably crazy.
todo,third, when a student feels like they  were not able to bring out their best,
,it hangs over them until they die.
gojo,how old are you?
fushiguro,i am fine with that.
kugisaki,we will win anyway.
kamo,it sounds stupid, but he has a point.
miyamura,why do not you rest, kamo-kun?
panda,no objections here.
toge,salmon.
maki,will we draw lots for the  individual battle pair-ups?
gojo,huh?
gojo,there are no individual battles this year.
panda,the exchange event has the principals  of the tokyo and kyoto schools
panda,each propose a form of competition to be held  for an entire day over the course of two days.
panda,but that is just how it is on paper.
panda,every year, the first day is team battles,  and the second day is individual battles.
toge,salmon.
gojo,i hate routines, you know.
gojo,every year, we put the  competition methods in this box
gojo,and open it on the day of.
screen,*principal gakuganji's previous visit was to discuss  what items might be needed on the day of the event.
ijichi,principal gakuganji's  previous visit was to discuss
,what items might be needed  on the day of the event.
paper,baseball
yaga,baseball?!
yuji,you are here, too?!
gakuganji,what is going on here, yaga?
yaga,no, i know i put individual battles in—
yaga,get back here, satoru!
screen?,miwa kasumi
screen?,second base
screen?,the mango she was letting ripen in the refrigerator is gone.
utahime,fly ball!
utahime,nishimiya, do not run yet!
gojo,out!
nishimiya,huh? why?
utahime,if you do not know the rules, then say so!
nishimiya,i know them! when the ball's hit, i run!
screen,nishimiya momo
screen,outfielder
screen,baseball experience: 2l.
nishimiya,a sacrifice fly?!
nishimiya,what is that, some new form of torture?!
utahime,you are just plain stupid!
screen?,kamo noritoshi
screen?,third batter
screen?,practicing cursive. i can write my own name now.
kamo,i heard you fended off a special-grade.
screen,itadori yuji
screen,catcher
screen,first impression of iekei ramen: "i poop a lot the next day."
yuji,huh?
yuji,oh, yeah...
yuji,thanks to todo and gojo-sensei.
yuji,do not you need a helmet?
kamo,itadori, why are you a jujutsu sorcerer?
yuji,at first, it just kind of happened.
yuji,but i am a lonely guy.
yuji,i want to save lots of people
yuji,and have lots of them  watching over me when i die.
kamo,if you are not there, mother,
kamo,i will not become a jujutsu sorcerer!
mother,you have talent, noritoshi.
mother,you can save lots of people.
mother,the more people you save,
mother,the more you will be recognized.
mother,then, in turn, all kinds  of people will help you.
mother,you will only be alone for now.
mother,one day, once you have  become a great sorcerer,
mother,come get me.
kamo,i see.
kamo,that is
kamo,a good
kamo,reason.
gojo,strike!
gojo,batter out!
gojo,change up!
utahime,kamo! you will not get a hit if you do not swing!
screen,kyoto
screen,tokyo
kugisaki,they call me the mah-kun of tohoku.
screen,kugisaki nobara
screen,third base
screen,awaiting approval for a credit card. too hard for a high schooler, maybe?
fushiguro,no, mah-kun is the mah-kun of tohoku.
yuji,mah-kun's a pitcher, you know!
toge,bonito flakes.
kugisaki,huh?
machine,mechamaru
kugisaki,hold on!
yuji,kugisaki's snapped!
yuji,it is a free-for-all!
kugisaki,that is obviously a pitching machine!
mai,what are you talking about?
mai,it is a spare. a spare mechamaru.
machine,mechamaru
mai,we do not have a choice, since your  panda broke him the other day.
mai,pitching machine?
screen,zen'in mai
screen,first base
screen,hated mangoes, but got over it recently.
mai,i do not understand.
mai,you know a lot about machines.
mai,are you an otaku?
kugisaki,it is just one thing after another with you!
kugisaki,and yet somehow you are  still a jujutsu high student!
kugisaki,fine, i will do this!
yuji,oh, she got on base.
fushiguro,she is desperate.
screen,fushiguro megumi
screen,outfielder
screen,prefers breast meat in chicken nanban and thigh meat in oyakodon.
gojo,out.
screen,panda
screen,first base
screen,wants to punch a zebra someday.
screen,zen'in maki
screen,pitcher
screen,the one thing she cannot tolerate is protein powder.
mai,tsk.
screen,mechamaru
maki,okay, that is three.
yuji,that is cheating!
toge,bonito flakes!
fushiguro,kugisaki, go back.
screen,due to lack of players, one outfielder is permitted to use cursed techniques.
screen,kyoto  tokyo
todo,catcher, huh?
screen,todo aoi
screen,catcher
screen,won the middle school nationals with itadori. itadori denies this.
todo,catching, throwing, leading, fielding, etc.
todo,one could call it a fitting  position for my brother.
todo,but what i desire is a face-off  with pitcher itadori.
yuji,todo...
yuji,you could have been their pitcher.
mai,he cannot.
mai,mechamaru cannot do anything  but pitch right now.
todo,promise me, brother.
todo,if i hit a home run at bat this time,
todo,next time you will pi—
,intentional
yuji,t-todo!
yuji,hang in there!
mai,nice pitch!
nishimiya,nice pitch!
kamo,nice pitch!
kugisaki,maki-san, nice pitch!
fushiguro,nice pitch!
all,nice pitch!
yuji,todo,
yuji,everyone
yuji,really hates you!
yaga,do you still hate itadori?
gakuganji,it is not a matter of liking or hating him.
gakuganji,itadori is not allowed to  exist under jujutsu laws.
gakuganji,he is only alive due to gojo's selfishness.
gakuganji,we must not bend the rules  of the group for the individual.
gakuganji,moreover, many others may  die because itadori lives.
yaga,but there are lives that  were saved thanks to him, too.
yaga,case in point, he worked together  with todo to fend off the special-grade.
yaga,this does not apply to just our students,
yaga,but they are going to stack up  many regrets as time goes on.
yaga,"i wish i had done that."
yaga,"i wish they would done this."
yaga,"i should have said that."
yaga,"i wish someone had told me this."
yaga,to be honest with you, i do not know  what the right decision is with itadori.
yaga,but for now, let us just watch over him.
yuji,oh, he made it!
fushiguro,inumaki-senpai's a fast runner.
toge,salted roe.
screen,inumaki toge
screen,second base
screen,prefers bread for breakfast. likes it with ham, cheese, and a bit of tabasco.
utahime,mai! miwa!
utahime,watch for base-stealing!
yaga,we can save our regrets
yaga,for after that.
maki,he nailed it.
yuji,yeah!
screen,sister school exchange event
screen,second day's baseball competition
screen,tokyo
screen,kyoto
screen,30th annual exchange event
screen,winner: tokyo
gakuganji,yaga, do something about gojo first.
three&screen,juju stroll
,salmon.
,q: rice or bread?
yuji,rice?
screen,q: are you a rice person or a bread person?
yuji,no, i like bread, too...
yuji,wait, is it served with roe?
screen,q: are you a rice person or a bread person?
fushiguro,rice.
maki,rice, i think?
screen,q: are you a rice person or a bread person?
kugisaki,what? i definitely prefer bread.
screen,q: are you a rice person or a bread person?
toge,salted rice ball.
panda,obviously bread, because i am a panda!
screen,q: are you a rice person or a bread person?
panda,you want me to kill you?!
panda,this one's...
panda,kind of forced...
yuji,they are out of ideas.
maki,we are going home.
screen,episode 22:  the origin of blind obedience