grandpa,yuji.
yuji,hmm?
grandpa,you are a strong kid, so help others.
screen,episode 41 thunderclap, part 2
screen,23:05      dogenzaka, in front of shibuya 109
fushiguro,in my ten shadows technique,
fushiguro,only two demon dogs are  granted to the user at first.
fushiguro,the other shikigami are not granted to the  user until they finish subjugating them.
fushiguro,the user must continue subjugating each one  to increase the shikigami available to them,
fushiguro,until they are finally able to  command all ten shikigami.
shigemo,you done?
shigemo,you are really strong,  just like that woman from earlier.
shigemo,even though you are young.
shigemo,you are all beat up, yet you give  me no openings to get close.
shigemo,though, with all that bleeding,  i will not even have to do anything.
fushiguro,thing is, this subjugation can  be done with multiple people.
fushiguro,though conducting the subjugation  with multiple people voids it afterward.
fushiguro,which means the ritual becomes  pointless to the sorcerer themselves.
fushiguro,still, even if it is pointless,  there are ways to use it.
shigemo,who is that?
shigemo,they are being real flashy.
fushiguro,to continue,
fushiguro,while the shikigami cannot be used  without first subjugating it,
fushiguro,the user can summon them  as many times as necessary
fushiguro,for the purpose of subjugating them.
shigemo,you do not mean...
fushiguro,in all of sorcerer history, there is never been
fushiguro,anyone who managed  to subjugate this one.
gojo,do you know why the gojo clan  and the zen'in clan are on bad terms?
fushiguro,are they actually on bad  terms in the first place?
gojo,sparks are constantly flying.
gojo,since the edo era? or the keicho era?
gojo,i forget when,
gojo,but the heads of the clans at the time  got serious during a spectated match,
gojo,and they both died.
fushiguro,were the heads of those clans...
gojo,one was someone like me who possessed both  the six-eyes and the limitless technique.
gojo,and the other used the same  technique as you, megumi.
fushiguro,the ten shadows technique.
gojo,understand what i am getting at?
fushiguro,that does not mean i can actually become  a sorcerer capable of beating you.
fushiguro,i imagine the head of the clan used  this in much the same way back then.
fushiguro,sacred treasure swing and ring, ring.
uraume,sukuna-sama?
sukuna,urgent business.
uraume,i see.
sukuna,it will not be much longer before i am free.
sukuna,do not slack on our preparations.
sukuna,see you later, uraume.
uraume,as you wish.
uraume,i will be awaiting your return.
shigemo,he tricked me!
shigemo,he is starting that ritual!
shigemo,and he is forcing me to participate  in the damn thing with him!
fushiguro,eight-grip sword...
fushiguro,divergent sila divine general...
fushiguro,makora.
fushiguro,see you later.
yuji,yeah!
fushiguro,sorry, itadori.
fushiguro,hey, you damn bastard!
fushiguro,i will be dying first.
fushiguro,give it your best.
shigemo,wait!
shigemo,wait, wait, wait, wait!
shigemo,oh, fuck you!
shigemo,damn it!
shigemo,wake up, you shitty sorcerer!
narrator,the technique of the  curse user haruta shigemo
narrator,erases life's little daily miracles  from his memory and stores them up.
narrator,that stock manifests as the markings under his eyes,
narrator,and when he is faced with a threat  to his life, one miracle is released.
narrator,however, he is unaware of this fact himself.
shigemo,huh?
sukuna,suspended animation, huh?
sukuna,i see.
sukuna,so saving this piece of trash  really was the right move.
sukuna,he probably sucked this thing into  the subjugation ritual along with him.
sukuna,once this trash dies, too,  the ritual will be complete.
sukuna,then megumi fushiguro's death  will be established, as well.
sukuna,do not die on me.
sukuna,there are things i need you to do for me.
shigemo,you-um...
sukuna,silence.
sukuna,for megumi fushiguro to survive,
sukuna,i will have to defeat this  shikigami as an outsider,
sukuna,and nullify his subjugation ritual.
sukuna,time for a tasting, then.
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
sukuna,dissect.
sukuna,that sword...
sukuna,it is the sword of exorcism,  specialized in combating cursed spirits.
sukuna,it is packed with the same positive energy  generated by a reverse cursed technique.
sukuna,if i was a cursed spirit,
sukuna,that would have eliminated  me on the first blow.
sukuna,tastes awful.
sukuna,you want to go?!
sukuna,oh?
sukuna,you did something, did not you?
people,what the hell?!
sukuna,now that felt odd.
sukuna,again?!
people,what is that?!
people,run!
people,help us!
people,we are falling!
sukuna,cursed energy?!
sukuna,you have done it now!
sukuna,you can see it!
sukuna,you see my technique!
sukuna,i knew it.
sukuna,you are similar to yamata no orochi.
sukuna,you follow my slices,
sukuna,and attack with cursed energy...
sukuna,both started happening after  that great wheel revolved.
sukuna,the incantation of sacred treasures
sukuna,and that great wheel both represent  perfect cycles and harmony.
sukuna,which suggests that this shikigami's ability
sukuna,is to adapt to anything and everything.
sukuna,it is the ultimate late-throw  rock-paper-scissors!
sukuna,you might have defeated me  in the state i was in back then.
sukuna,now you have fascinated me, megumi fushiguro!
sukuna,domain expansion:
sukuna,malevolent kitchen.
narrator,sukuna's domain, malevolent kitchen,
narrator,is unlike others in that
narrator,it does not cut out a  separate space with a barrier.
narrator,manifesting an innate domain  without sealing it in a barrier
narrator,is like trying to paint a picture  in the air without a canvas.
narrator,it is truly a divine feat.
narrator,to top it off, by adding a pact to  allow its victims a path of escape,
narrator,it vastly increases the range of
narrator,its guaranteed-hit effect to  a maximum 200-meter radius.
narrator,though out of consideration for  its effect on megumi fushiguro,
narrator,he has currently restrained the effect to  a 140-meter radius limited to the surface.
keiko,anything?
a,nope. no signal.
keiko,same.
a,i do not think we need to  worry that much, though.
keiko,huh?
a,remember the guy with the  megaphone? he should be—
narrator,sukuna's slices are comprised of two types.
narrator,"fillet" attacks things with cursed energy  in the range of his guaranteed-hit effect.
narrator,"dissect" attacks things  without cursed energy.
narrator,both rain down endlessly upon everything  until malevolent kitchen disappears.
narrator,the only sure way to  defeat makora is to bury it
narrator,with the first use of an  attack before it can adapt.
narrator,fillet would have  fulfilled those conditions,
narrator,but that would not necessarily hold true
narrator,if it had adapted to slices in general,
narrator,rather than to dissect.
narrator,makora was close to  finishing its regeneration.
sukuna,fuga (open).
sukuna,what are you looking at?
sukuna,begone.
shigemo,e-excuse me, then!
shigemo,i really am lucky!
shigemo,for another day...
shigemo,i survived!
narrator,shigemo's stock of miracles
narrator,had been exhausted in his  battle with kento nanami.
sukuna,oh, it is nearly time.
yaga,fushiguro!
yaga,i just saw itadori for a moment...
yaga,no, was it sukuna?!
screen,23:14         dogenzaka, in front of shibuya 109
sukuna,hey, brat, be sure to savor this.
yuji,die!
yuji,only me!
yuji,only me!
yuji,die!
yuji,right now!
yuji,i have to go.
yuji,i have to fight.
yuji,otherwise, i will just be...
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
yuji,a murderer.
panda,this has gotten really bad!
panda,i will count prime numbers to calm down.
panda,one, two, three... uh, nine...
kusakabe,you missed five and seven.
panda,next time, "right and wrong."
screen,next episode right and wrong
panda,you will turn into a panda if you do not watch!
kusakabe,you really are an animal...