screentext,episode 15: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 1 -
screentext,episode 15: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 1 -
gojou,we are starting in one minute.
gojou,now, let us hear a few words of well-appreciated  encouragement from iori utahime-sensei.
utahime,huh?!
utahime,you-uh...
utahime,um, some degree of injury will be unavoidable,
utahime,but, um... now and then, help  each other out... or something...
gojou,time's up.
utahime,hey! gojou, you little...
gojou,now, let the sister school exchange event...
gojou,begin!
utahime,respect your seniors!
yuuji,ichiro?!
kugisaki,so stupid.
kamo,where is toudou?
mai,what makes you think i would know?
miwa,cannot we all get along?
yuuji,where do you think  the cursed spirit boss is?
panda,it was probably unleashed  halfway between both schools,
panda,but it is not just going to sit still.
maki,at the time we agreed upon,
maki,we will split up into the megumi squad  and the panda squad for scouting.
maki,we will be counting on you after that, yuuji.
yuuji,yeah!
cursedspirit15a,where are you going?
panda,that is small fry.
fushiguro,senpai, stop!
toudou,great! you are all here!
toudou,come at me all together!
maki,scatter!
fushiguro,toudou was alone.
maki,we were right to swap yuuji into that role.
kugisaki,i already knew it, but he is a monster.
panda,yup.
panda,so just ignore him.
toge,tuna.
getou,jujutsu kaisen
screen,before the exchange event started
maki,toudou will absolutely be  out to crush us straight away.
maki,mai might follow behind him  to come after me, too.
maki,toudou's a monster.
maki,the worst possible outcome would be  that we all face him and get wiped out.
maki,so our plan was to leave just one person,
maki,either panda or megumi, behind to occupy him, but...
maki,itadori, we will leave that role to you.
maki,we would rather not lose anyone  who can scout out our enemies.
maki,you do not have to beat him.
maki,just hold out as long as  possible and buy us time.
panda,but you can be daring against him!
panda,to be blunt, we were not counting  on your abilities anyway,
panda,so it will not affect us too much if you have to quit.
yuuji,that is mean!
panda,sorry, megumi.
panda,you wanted to face toudou, did not you?
fushiguro,no, i am good either way.
pandra,you are super dry.
yuuji,but senpai, if i am going to do this,
yuuji,then i am going to win.
toudou,nice speed.
yuuji,seriously?
yuuji,i thought i landed a good one.
toudou,i will return the favor, first-year.
toudou,guard like your life depends on it!
cursedspirit15a,where?
yuuji,my arm's... still here?
yuuji,i thought it got blown off.
yuuji,if that cursed spirit  had not gotten in the way,
yuuji,that would have been real bad.
toudou,done already?
toudou,now, which should i pursue?
toudou,are you for real?
yuuji,you think you can just pound  away at my head like that?!
yuuji,what if you made me even  dumber than i already am?!
toudou,do not worry.
toudou,takada-chan said, "men are perfect  when they are a little dumb."
yuuji,who is that?
yuuji,i am not interested in any idols.
toudou,then how did you know she is an idol?
toudou,you know who she is, do not you?
toudou,what is your name, first-year?
yuuji,itadori yuuji.
toudou,i see. itadori yuuji.
toudou,i have one question for you.
toudou,what kind of woman is your type?
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,what is my type?
yuuji,why are you asking me that right now?
toudou,do not worry about that.  i am just appraising you.
yuuji,i do not really get it, but if i had to say...
yuuji,a tall woman with a big ass, i guess?
yuuji,like jennifer lawrence.
yuuji,the new series is pretty good.
toudou,oh?
toudou,i am going to confess to takada-chan.
yuuji,huh?! do not do that!
yuuji,i do not want to have to comfort you later!
yuuji,that is such a pain!
toudou,why are you assuming she will reject me?
yuuji,i could ask you why you  think she will say yes.
toudou,anne sullivan once said to helen keller,
toudou,"what fool thinks of defeat  before even trying?"
yuuji,inoki was the one who said that.
takada-chan,i am sorry.
takada-chan,i am already in love with someone.
toudou,any chance that someone is me?
yuuji,no way, man.
yuuji,come on, let us go.
yuuji,i will treat you to some ramen.
toudou,you never lost to anyone  in your hometown, huh?
toudou,seems like we are best friends!
yuuji,when you just learned my name?!
momo,yeah, continue straight that way.
momo,toudou-kun's there, though.
kamo,not a problem.
kamo,he is the one who told us to do as we pleased.
miwa,new shadow style, simple domain:
miwa,quick draw!
miwa,what reflexes!
miwa,i know i hesitated, but still,  my counter did not even scratch him!
yuuji,i am surrounded?
yuuji,wait...
yuuji,are these guys...
yuuji,trying to kill me?
kamo,this is...
kamo,itadori and i switched places?!
toudou,hey.
toudou,i told you i would kill you if  you interfered, did not i?
kamo,no, you did not.
kamo,you said you would kill us if  we ordered you around.
kamo,was that itadori's...
kamo,no, it was toudou's technique?
toudou,same thing. piss off!
mechamaru,looks like he is retreating.
mai,lame.
miwa,thank goodness!
kamo,make sure you kill him.
toudou,that depends on itadori.
toudou,do not order me around.
yuuji,what is with these people,
yuuji,trying to kill me and then  arguing with each other?
toudou,after all, i am not an inconsiderate man  who would hold back against his best friend!
momo,this is why i said to leave him be.
momo,we are off to a rocky start.
momo,we cannot start hunting down cursed spirits  without me scouting from the air, either.
momo,they are all such a hassle.
momo,hang in there, me.
momo,you are as cute as ever today.
fushiguro,take her down.
momo,oh, no.
kamo,mai, mechamaru, cover nishimiya.
mechamaru,at once.
mai,well, we are in trouble without her.
fushiguro,kamo-san, are you guys
fushiguro,planning to kill itadori?
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
fushiguro,that is strange.
panda,it is strange.
panda,all the kyoto students are moving together.
panda,toward the area we left yuuji in.
panda,i think that puts everyone from kyoto there?
maki,you mean that is where the target is?
fushiguro,no, unless the second-grade  is especially cunning,
fushiguro,my demon dog would have noticed it.
fushiguro,they are trying to kill itadori, are not they?
kugisaki,what the hell?! i do not see why!
maki,it is possible.
toge,kelp.
panda,i did not sense that much hostility from them,
panda,but that was prior to yuuji's surprise survival.
panda,it is entirely possible that principal gakuganji would order that.
kugisaki,are the kyoto students a bunch of cowards  who would kill a person on someone else's orders?
panda,they do not see him the same way.
panda,you two have spent day after day with yuuji.
panda,we only recently learned that he is a good person ourselves.
panda,he is a naturally happy sort you  do not often see among sorcerers.
panda,but the thing is...
panda,to those who do not know  anything about yuuji,
panda,the vessel of sukuna  is just an object of fear.
panda,it would not feel any different  from exorcising a curse to them.
panda,even normal jujutsu sorcerers  can easily blur that line.
maki,we are turning back, megumi.
fushiguro,sorry.
maki,what are you apologizing for, dummy?
maki,there is no point in winning or losing  the exchange event if your friend dies.
panda,nobara and i will go back  to confirm that yuuji's safe.
panda,he is not answering his phone, either.
panda,toge, you keep hunting down  the cursed spirit, please.
toge,bonito flakes.
panda,i know you are worried about yuuji, too.
panda,but if my prediction is correct,
panda,the kyoto students are trying
,to use the chaos of the group battle to assassinate yuuji.
panda,once the group battle's over,  there will not be any assassination.
kugisaki,makes sense.
toge,salmon.
panda,i am worried about maki, too.
panda,we will not let them kill yuuji,
panda,and we will win this group battle.
kugisaki,of course.
kugisaki,answer on the first ring, fushiguro!
kugisaki,also, why did not they provide us with  wireless radios or bluetooth earbuds?!
panda,i would not want them.
panda,they are distracting, and they startle  you when you get a call.
kugisaki,you can take them off during combat!
momo,ow...
momo,so that is fushiguro-kun's nue, huh?
momo,electrified wings.
momo,looks like they will affect  my movement for a while.
both,nishimiya-chan!
both,come and play!
momo,so crass!
momo,not cute at all.
fushiguro,kamo-san, are you guys  planning to kill itadori?
kamo,and if i said we were?
fushiguro,you failed, then.
fushiguro,itadori would not go down in such a short time.
kamo,we have no reason to kill him.
fushiguro,yes, you do.
fushiguro,the higher-ups and the three  major clans have plenty.
toudou,what splendid toughness!
toudou,he is actively using the landscape  to his advantage, too!
toudou,he is gone?
toudou,he is also quick to set up his next move!
toudou,and to top it off...
toudou,he has such tremendous power!
toudou,his raw strength is greater than mine, despite his small body!
toudou,which is why his blows are effective  with so little cursed energy!
toudou,and that makes it hard to read his movements  from the flow of cursed energy!
toudou,but the way this cursed  energy hits after a time lag...
toudou,that is just... that is just...
toudou,...wrong!
toudou,...wrong!
toudou,...wrong!
toudou,...wrong!
toudou,...wrong!
toudou,...wrong!
maki,was that toudou?
miwa,it was.
maki,i think i understand why you  failed to finish off yuuji.
maki,so why did you distance  yourself from noritoshi?
maki,are you keeping your technique  a secret from your allies, too?
miwa,i am sorry about itadori-kun.
miwa,i know this is an excuse,  but i am not like the others.
miwa,still, that does not mean i plan to hand  over victory in this exchange event.
screentext,recommendation
screentext,recommendation
screentext,recommendation
screentext,recommendation
miwa,you know that sorcerers advance in rank  through a recommendation system, right?
miwa,the exchange event is often discussed among  sorcerers without connections up the chain.
miwa,students who perform well here
miwa,are granted many chances to  advance while they are studying.
ijichi,coincidentally, the person in charge  of a student cannot recommend them.
screen,recommendation
ijichi,for example, gojou-san could not  recommend itadori-kun to be a first-grade.
miwa,i want to become independent as quickly as possible so i can earn money.
maki,why?
miwa,i am poor!
miwa,and i have two little brothers!
maki,are you okay?
maki,are you getting along well enough with mai?
maki,are not you too nice a person?
miwa,huh? probably...
maki,i will not hold back, you know.
miwa,not a problem!
miwa,that is not what i said all that for, anyway!
toudou,my friend!
toudou,that cursed energy you  blast with a time lag...
toudou,that is a bad habit of yours!
yuuji,you mean divergent fist?
yuuji,what is he on about all of a sudden?
toudou,so long as you are satisfied with that,  you will never beat me!
toudou,if you are satisfied with  staying on that level,
toudou,you and i will not stay best friends.
toudou,are you okay with that?!
yuuji,i do not know. i do not care about that.
toudou,are you okay with staying weak?
yuuji,no, i am not!
toudou,that is right!
toudou,my best friend!
girls&screen,juju stroll
screen,q: what kind of person is your type?
maki,someone who is stronger  than me, at the very least.
mai,huh? what makes you think i will answer?
kugisaki,i totally cannot stand a ubssd.
screen,useless
screen,broke
screen,smelly
screen,stingy
screen,dead
momo,do you know who sebastian stan is?
momo,he has a great body.
miwa,well, you know, i like  hot guys, like most girls,
miwa,but i want someone fun to be around, too,
miwa,and it is important whether or not he can  make you feel like he is the only one for you.
miwa,oh, gosh, how embarrassing!
gojou,uh, you know, uh, um...
gojou,wh-what was it?
gojou,um...
gojou,um, um, um...
gojou,you know, that girl who seemed nice.
gojou,the one who seemed nice.
gojou,with the notable bangs.
gojou,come on, come on, you know! that one girl!
utahime,nice girl, nice girl, nice girl...
utahime,oh, miwa?
gojou,yeah! her, her, her, her, her!
screen,episode 16: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 2 -