screen,jujutsu kaisen hidden inventory/premature death
screen,1 year later august 2007
shoko,here we go.
gojo,yeah, it is working.
shoko,ugh, what the heck was that?
geto,automatic selection of targets  for your jujutsu technique?
gojo,yup.
gojo,though, to be precise,  i am the target for the technique.
gojo,i have automated what i used to do manually.
gojo,now it can discern an object's danger level
gojo,based on the strength of its cursed energy,  its mass, its velocity, and its shape.
gojo,i would like to get it to discern poisons, too,
gojo,but that is still proving difficult.
gojo,this will allow me to keep  my limitless technique active
gojo,almost perpetually with minimal resources.
shoko,having it perpetually active  will fry your brain.
gojo,but i can also keep running  the reverse cursed technique
gojo,with the energy i generate on my own.
gojo,so i am constantly giving it  a fresh brain to work with.
gojo,i would already been working on shortening  my hand seals. that is nailed now, too.
gojo,so i can also activate multiple  instances of blue and red simultaneously.
gojo,the only remaining hurdles are
gojo,domain expansion and  teleportation over long distances.
gojo,i should be able to get  that down if we set up
gojo,some courses without any  obstacles in jujutsu high.
gojo,shoko, could you lend me some lab rats?
shoko,uh...
geto,satoru had become the "strongest."
gojo,suguru, have you lost weight?
gojo,you okay?
geto,he handled all of his missions alone,
geto,and shoko was never sent out on  dangerous missions in the first place,
geto,which naturally meant i was sent  on missions alone more often, too.
geto,it is just heat fatigue.
geto,i will be fine.
gojo,did you eat too much somen?
geto,things were busy that summer.
screen,episode 29 premature death
geto,likely spurred by the frequent  disasters of the past year,
geto,cursed spirits were  springing up like maggots.
geto,exorcise, absorb.
geto,over and over.
geto,exorcise.
geto,absorb.
geto,no one else understands  what cursed spirits taste like.
geto,it is like swallowing a dirty rag that is  been used to clean up shit and vomit.
geto,who am i doing this for?
geto,exorcise.
geto,absorb.
geto,ever since that day,  i have been telling myself,
geto,"what i witnessed is not uncommon."
geto,"i understood the ugliness of the masses,
geto,"and still chose to be a  jujutsu sorcerer to save others."
geto,"do not waver."
geto,"fulfill your duty as a  strong jujutsu sorcerer."
geto,damn monkeys...
haibara,geto-san!
geto,haibara...
haibara,good work out there!
geto,want something to drink?
haibara,huh? no, i would feel bad!
haibara,but i will take a cola!
haibara,i am going pretty far away  for my mission tomorrow.
geto,that so?
geto,bring back souvenirs.
haibara,of course!
haibara,do you prefer sweet stuff or salty stuff?
geto,satoru might eat some, too, so... sweet, i guess?
geto,got it!
geto,haibara...
geto,do you think you can keep going as a  jujutsu sorcerer? it is not too hard for you?
haibara,well...
haibara,i am not really one to think  about things too deeply,
haibara,so it feels really good to be able to  give my all to something i can actually do.
geto,i see.
geto,yeah, it does.
tsukumo,are you geto-kun?
tsukumo,what kind of woman is your type?
geto,who are you?
haibara,i like girls who eat a lot!
tsukumo,oh?
geto,haibara...
haibara,it is okay.
haibara,she is not a bad person.
haibara,i am a great judge of character!
geto,you say that while sitting next to me?
haibara,yes!
tsukumo,he was being sarcastic, you know.
haibara,excuse me.
tsukumo,your underclassman?
tsukumo,he is cute. i like how frank he is.
geto,i think he should be more  suspicious of people as a sorcerer.
tsukumo,so, are you not going to answer?
geto,please answer my question first.
geto,who are you?
tsukumo,special-grade sorcerer yuki tsukumo.
tsukumo,that ring any bells?
geto,you are her?
tsukumo,oh, i like the sound of that! what do they say?
geto,that you are a special-grade  who never accepts any missions,
geto,and you are a good-for-nothing  who is been wandering around abroad.
tsukumo,i hate jujutsu high.
geto,she is pouting...
geto,she is pouting.
tsukumo,i am joking.
tsukumo,though it is true that i do not get along  with jujutsu high's policies.
tsukumo,what they are doing is just treating symptoms,
tsukumo,and i want to do something  to treat the because.
geto,treat the because?
tsukumo,rather than hunt down cursed spirits,
tsukumo,i want to create a world  where cursed spirits are not born.
tsukumo,care for a little lesson?
tsukumo,what are cursed spirits to begin with?
geto,they are creatures that take  shape when cursed energy
geto,leaking from humans  builds up like sediment.
tsukumo,excellent.
tsukumo,now this means there are two ways to create  a world where cursed spirits are not born.
tsukumo,one: eliminate cursed energy from mankind.
tsukumo,two: make it possible for all of humanity  to control their cursed energy.
tsukumo,i thought number one had a  pretty good chance of working.
tsukumo,there was a model case for it, too.
geto,a model case?
tsukumo,someone you know well.
tsukumo,toji zen'in.
tsukumo,i have seen plenty of cases  where a heavenly pact reduced
tsukumo,a person's cursed energy to the  level of your average person,
tsukumo,but you could search the  whole world only to find
tsukumo,he was the only case in which  that cursed energy dropped to zero.
tsukumo,that was not the only intriguing  thing about him, either.
tsukumo,even though zen'in toji  had zero cursed energy,
tsukumo,he was able to perceive cursed  spirits with his five senses.
tsukumo,by completely casting aside cursed energy,
tsukumo,his body drew a hard line
tsukumo,and actually gave him  great resistance to curses.
tsukumo,he truly was superhuman.
tsukumo,you should not be ashamed of losing to him.
tsukumo,i wanted to try studying him,  but he turned me down.
tsukumo,it was a real shame to lose him.
tsukumo,and there are not many people  with heavenly pacts,
tsukumo,so i am currently favoring route number two,
tsukumo,making it possible for all of humanity  to control their cursed energy.
tsukumo,did you know?
tsukumo,cursed spirits are not born from sorcerers.
tsukumo,of course, that excludes cases  where the jujutsu sorcerer
tsukumo,turns themselves into a curse after death.
tsukumo,compared to non-sorcerers, jujutsu sorcerers  leak extremely little cursed energy.
tsukumo,there is some variance based  on the sorcerer's capacity
tsukumo,and the amount of cursed  energy their technique expends,
tsukumo,but the main reason is their flow.
tsukumo,jujutsu sorcerers circulate cursed  energy through their own bodies well.
tsukumo,to put it in rough, general terms,
tsukumo,if all of mankind were jujutsu sorcerers,
tsukumo,curses would not be born.
geto,then you could solve it simply  by killing all non-sorcerers.
tsukumo,geto-kun.
tsukumo,that is possible.
geto,huh? but...
tsukumo,i mean, that is probably  the easiest way to achieve it.
tsukumo,just keep culling non-sorcerers and
tsukumo,force them to adapt into sorcerers  as a survival strategy.
tsukumo,you would be forcing them to  evolve using fear and danger,
tsukumo,the same way birds gained wings.
tsukumo,but unfortunately, i am not  crazy enough to do that.
tsukumo,do you hate non-sorcerers, geto-kun?
geto,i do not know.
geto,i always thought jujutsu sorcery  existed to protect non-sorcerers.
geto,but lately, the value of non-sorcerers
geto,has been wavering in my mind.
geto,the admirability of the weak...
geto,the ugliness of the weak...
geto,i find myself struggling to discern  the difference and accept those things.
geto,there is a part of me  that despises non-sorcerers,
geto,and a part of me that wants to reject that part.
geto,my vision for what lies at  the end of the marathon game
geto,of being a jujutsu sorcerer is so vague now
geto,that i cannot tell which  represents how i truly feel.
tsukumo,neither one is how you truly feel.
tsukumo,you are not at that stage yet.
tsukumo,this part of you despising non-sorcerers,
tsukumo,and this part of you rejecting that,
tsukumo,are both just possibilities  that you are considering.
tsukumo,it is up to you to choose which part
tsukumo,becomes your true  feelings from here on out.
tsukumo,see you later.
tsukumo,it is a shame i did not get to  talk to gojo-kun, too,
tsukumo,but it looks like i missed him today.
tsukumo,i hope the three of us can all  get along as fellow special-grades.
geto,i will pass that along to satoru.
tsukumo,oh, right, one last thing.
tsukumo,you do not need to worry  about the star plasma vessel.
tsukumo,either there was already another  star plasma vessel at the time,
tsukumo,or a new star plasma vessel  has already been born.
tsukumo,either way, tengen is stable.
geto,i am sure.
tsukumo,oh...
tsukumo,oh, i did not get his type.
tsukumo,i did not get his type.
nanami,it was supposed to be an easy mission to  exterminate a second-grade cursed spirit!
nanami,damn it!
nanami,their faith in ubusunagami...
nanami,that was a local deity.
nanami,that was a first-grade case!
geto,you need to rest for now, nanami.
geto,satoru has taken up your mission.
nanami,cannot we just leave everything  up to him alone at this point?
geto,this marathon game of being  a jujutsu sorcerer...
geto,if the only thing waiting at the end
geto,is a mountain of our  comrades' corpses, then...
geto,what is this?
man,what, you ask?
man,these two are responsible  for the latest incidents, right?
geto,no, they are not.
man,these two are crazy!
man,they used their mysterious powers  to attack the villagers!
geto,i have already exterminated  the because of those incidents.
woman,my granddaughter was nearly  killed by these two, too!
nanako,that is because she—
woman,shut up, you monsters!
woman,your parents were just as bad!
curse,it... it is okay.
woman,i knew we should have killed you  two when you were babies!
tsukumo,this part of you despising non-sorcerers,
tsukumo,and this part of you rejecting that..
tsukumo,it is up to you to choose which part...
geto,everyone, shall we step  outside for a moment?
tsukumo,...becomes your true  feelings from here on out.
woman,what?!
man,why?!
woman,no!
screen,...112 residents of the village were killed, after which a fire... (by the time jujutsu high investigated on september 23rd... investigations confirmed that all 112 were... ...residuals revealed to be the work of suguru geto's curse manipulation.
screen,investigations confirmed that all 112 were killed by a cursed spirit, which the residuals revealed to be the work  of suguru geto's curse manipulation.
screen,...sentenced to death.
gojo,huh?
yaga,do not make me repeat myself.
yaga,suguru killed everyone in the village and—
gojo,i heard you the first time.
gojo,that is why i said, "huh?"
yaga,suguru's old home was already  an empty husk, as well.
yaga,though, from the bloodstains and residuals, he most likely killed his parents, too—
gojo,like hell he did!
yaga,satoru.
yaga,i do not understand what is going on, either.
sign,huh? a high schooler?
geto,need a light?
geto,hey.
shoko,it is the criminal.
shoko,need something?
geto,just testing my luck, i guess.
shoko,i will go ahead and ask...
shoko,any chance the charges are false?
geto,nope. unfortunately not.
shoko,i will ask further, then. why?
geto,i am going to create a world  of only jujutsu sorcerers.
shoko,i do not get it.
geto,i am not a child.
geto,i am not holding out hope  that everyone will understand.
shoko,sulking over the idea that  no one will understand you
shoko,sounds pretty childish to me, though.
shoko,hey, gojo?
shoko,i found geto.
shoko,yeah, shinjuku.
shoko,no way. i do not want to get killed.
gojo,explain yourself, suguru.
geto,you already heard from shoko, right?
geto,that is all there is to it.
gojo,so you are just going to kill  everyone who is not a sorcerer?
gojo,even your parents?!
geto,i cannot allow my parents  to be a special exception.
geto,besides, those people  are not my family anymore.
gojo,that is not what i was asking!
gojo,i thought we were not allowed to  kill when there is no point to it!
geto,there is a point to it. significance, too.
geto,even a great because.
gojo,there is not!
gojo,you are going to kill all non-sorcerers and  create a world of only jujutsu sorcerers?!
gojo,you know that is impossible!
gojo,there is no point in chipping away bit by bit
gojo,at something you cannot possibly do!
geto,how arrogant.
gojo,huh?
geto,you could do it, could not you, satoru?
geto,yet you would try to convince someone else
geto,that it is impossible to do  something that is possible for you?
geto,are you the strongest  because you are satoru gojo?
geto,or does being the strongest  make you satoru gojo?
gojo,what are you trying to say?
geto,if i were able to become you,
geto,this foolish ideal would become a lot  more grounded and real, do not you think?
geto,i have decided how i will live my life.
geto,now it is just a matter of doing  the best i can to achieve that.
geto,if you want to kill me, then kill me.
geto,there would be a point to that.
yaga,why did not you pursue him?
gojo,you are actually asking me that?
yaga,nah, it is fine.
yaga,my bad.
gojo,sensei, i am strong, right?
yaga,yeah, brazenly so.
gojo,but apparently, it is not good enough  for just me to be strong.
gojo,the only ones i can save
gojo,are those who are already ready  to be saved by another.
geto,i thought the star religious group  was already dissolved.
kong,it is a different group,  but their roots are the same.
kong,they are claiming they just bought  the existing space as-is.
kong,do not like it?
geto,no, it does not matter, as long as  i can gather curses and money.
kong,are you really going out dressed like that?
geto,why not? a little showmanship is important.
nanako,geto-sama...
geto,watch closely.
geto,they are all there, right?
kong,all the branch directors,  all the representatives, and the president.
kong,all the big donors, as well.
geto,test, test. sorry for the wait, everyone.
geto,now, i will keep this brief.
geto,from this moment onward,  this organization belongs to me.
geto,i will be changing the name, too,
geto,so everyone, please be sure to follow me.
,many objected
geto,now, that is not good.
geto,i know!
geto,sonoda-san, if you would not mind,  please come to the stage.
geto,yes! you there!
geto,now, once again.
geto,i hate monkeys.
geto,you obey me now...
geto,that is the true feeling i chose.
geto,...monkeys.
gojo,you are megumi fushiguro-kun, right?
megumi,who are you?
megumi,and what is with that weird face?
gojo,you look just like him, is all.
gojo,my own issue.
gojo,so listen. about your dad...
gojo,he is from this big shot jujutsu  sorcerer family called the zen'in,
gojo,but they are such scumbags  they make even me sick,
gojo,and that is why your dad left  the family and had you.
gojo,now, you are one of the  ones who can see things,
gojo,so you are privileged there, right?
gojo,you have noticed the power  within yourself, too, yeah?
gojo,the zen'in clan just loves strong powers.
gojo,most become aware of their cursed  techniques around 4-6 years old.
gojo,so it is the perfect timing to sell a kid off.
gojo,so, megumi-kun,
gojo,you were the ultimate card that your dad  kept on hand against the zen'in clan.
gojo,pisses you off, does not it?
gojo,so, about that dad of yours. i ki—
megumi,i do not care.
megumi,i have no interest in where  he is or what he is doing.
megumi,i have not even seen him in years,  so i do not remember what he looks like.
megumi,though i get the general idea  from what you just said.
megumi,tsumiki's mother has not come home  for a while now, either.
tsumiki,ah, megumi's home!
megumi,that means they are finished with us,
megumi,and they are off enjoying  themselves elsewhere, right?
gojo,are you really a first grader?
gojo,well, whatever.
gojo,if you ever want to know about  your father, you can ask me.
gojo,hup.
gojo,i think it will be pretty interesting to hear.
gojo,now, on to the main point.
gojo,what do you want to do?
gojo,do you want to go to the zen'in clan?
megumi,what will happen to tsumiki?
megumi,if i go there, will tsumiki be able to  find happiness? it all depends on that.
gojo,no. a hundred percent no.
gojo,i can say that with certainty.
gojo,okay!
gojo,leave the rest to me, then.
gojo,i might need you to push yourself a bit, though.
gojo,so do your best.
gojo,get stronger.
gojo,strong enough to keep up with me.
screen,october 19, 2018
megumi,gojo-sensei.
yuji,so even sensei sleeps, huh?
nobara,of course he does.  what kind of nonsense is that?
megumi,gojo-sensei!
yuji,oh, he is awake.
nobara,hey, that is one of those  expensive chairs, is not it?
megumi,please do not fall asleep  after summoning all of us here.
yuji,hey, no fair! i get it next, got it?!
yuji,hey! hurry up!
megumi,what are you smiling about?
yuji,do not be mean! move it!
gojo,nothing.
yuji,how do you write "motto" in kanji?
yuji,wait, you use katakana? it is a foreign word?
yuji,next time, "it is like that."
,next episode it is like that
yuji,there is so much i thought i knew, but i do not.