kokun,please!
kokun,please listen to me!
kokun,i was wrong!
kokun,i am sorry!
kokun,i am really sorry!
curse,let us kiss!
kokun,huh?!
curse,let us kiss!
kokun,i will pull out of this job!
kokun,i will quit being a curse user, too!
curse,let us kiss!
curse,c'mon, kiss!
kokun,of course i will quit q, too!
kokun,i know! i will go back to the  countryside and farm rice!
kokun,i know you can hear me!
geto,like a curse user could cut it as a farmer.
kokun,you can hear me!
kokun,damn student acting all condescending!
curse,lick, lick.
kokun,but bayer-san is here, too!
kokun,he is q's strongest combatant!
kokun,he will take care of you and these things!
geto,hey.
geto,is this your "bayer"?
kokun,huh?
kokun,that is him.
screen,"q"
screen,departure of top combatant, bayer, leads to organization's collapse
announcer,and all the boats are off at once.
announcer,from the inside, we have numbers  1, 2, 4, 5, 3, and 6 starting the race.
announcer,they are off with a beautiful straight shot.
kong,and just what are you doing after  suddenly disappearing on me?
toji,getting more money.
kong,i have never seen you win once.
kong,what about your job?
toji,oh, give it a rest.
toji,you are talking like i am unemployed.
kong,because you are.
kong,as a mediator, it is my duty to report  how the job's going to the client.
toji,i am up against the gojo clan's kid.
toji,i would not be able to do anything  if i just popped up in front of him.
toji,i have to wear him down using some idiots first.
toji,you go do your own damn job.
kong,already did, dumbass.
kong,what were you thinking,  letting go of the entire deposit?
toji,i told you, wearing him down.
toji,do not you worry. all that  money will come back to me.
toji,just like with this race.
announcer,number 6, hateno, crosses the line first!
announcer,number 1, doguchi, finishes next!
announcer,following them in third is number 2, matsuda.
announcer,in fourth is number 4, nakaoka.
toji,tsk.
announcer,in fifth is number 3, tanaka.
kong,you are not cut out for making easy money.
announcer,in sixth is number 5,  okazaki, finishing last!
announcer,number 6, hateno, has given us an amazing  comeback to watch in his first race!
kong,i am counting on you, sorcerer killer.
announcer,that was our third race of the day.
kong,oh, right.
kong,how is megumi doing?
toji,who is that?
screen,episode 26 hidden inventory 2
screen,jujutsu kaisen hidden inventory/premature death
gojo,should we get her to a doctor?
geto,i wish i could use reverse  cursed energy like shoko.
gojo,yeah, that is impossible.
gojo,i cannot understand a word she says about it.
shoko,you go "fwoo," then "hyoi."
shoko,fwoo, hyoi. get it?
shoko,you have got no sense for this.
gojo,you are awake.
riko,you scum!
riko,if you want to kill me,  you will be the one to die first!
geto,riko-chan, calm down.
geto,we are not with the group that attacked you.
riko,liar!
riko,you have the face of a liar!
riko,your bangs are weird, too!
screen,grind
riko,this is disrespectful!
screen,this is disrespectful!
kuroi,p-please stop it!
riko,kuroi!
kuroi,young lady, these men are our allies.
riko,kuroi, what are you riding on?
kuroi,this is thanks to bangs guy's technique.
geto,could you please not call me that?
geto,it is curse manipulation.
geto,as the name suggests, i can absorb  and manipulate cursed spirits.
gojo,this brat is more aggressive  than i expected.
gojo,i was trying to figure out  how to be considerate,
gojo,thinking she would be more sentimental  about the assimilation thing.
riko,hmph!
riko,a commoner's way of thinking!
gojo,huh?!
riko,listen up!
riko,tengen-sama is me, and i am tengen-sama!
riko,some might mistake  assimilation for death, as you do,
riko,but there is a big difference!
riko,i might become tengen-sama  through the assimilation,
riko,but tengen-sama will also become me!
riko,my will! my heart!
riko,my soul will continue to live  on after the assimilation!
geto,you changed your home screen?
gojo,to inoue waka.
riko,listen to me!
gojo,i bet you do not have many  friends if you talk like that.
geto,we will not have to feel bad sending you off.
riko,i talk normally at school!
riko,school!
riko,kuroi, what time is it?!
kuroi,it is not yet noon. but i think going to school—
riko,be quiet!
riko,i said i am going, and i am going!
gojo,huh?!
gojo,surely it would be safer to head  back to jujutsu high at once!
yaga,as much as i want to do that,  this is an order from tengen-sama.
yaga,he said to fulfill all of  amanai riko's demands.
gojo,tsk.
gojo,lax upbringing at its finest.
geto,do not be like that, satoru.
geto,despite what she may say,
geto,after the assimilation, she will spend  her whole life as tengen-sama
geto,in the deepest floor of jujutsu high,  as the foundation of all barriers.
geto,she will not be able to see her friends,  family, or anyone precious to her ever again.
classmate,riko!
classmate,our next class is in a different room.
riko,okay!
geto,let her do what she wants.
geto,that is part of our mission.
kuroi,riko-sama has no family.
kuroi,they were in an accident when she was little.
kuroi,i have taken care of her ever since then.
kuroi,so i want her to at least have  what time she can with her friends.
geto,so you are her family, then.
kuroi,yes.
gojo,suguru.
gojo,how are the cursed spirits you  sent to watch over her?
geto,i just wish i could share my senses  with them like mei-san does.
geto,even so, they will let us know as  soon as anything unusual happens.
geto,satoru.
geto,hurry to riko-chan's side.
gojo,huh?
geto,two have been exorcised.
announcer,who will be the ace of the next generation?
announcer,this will be an important match  to help us find out.
announcer,number 6's final position  is finally starting to solidify.
announcer,now, the fifth race, the one all eyes  are focused on, is about to begin.
laptop,amanai riko  renchoku girls' academy  #dead or alive
,time remaining
,renchoku girls' academy middle school second-year dead or alive
,jujutsu kaisen
gojo,where is amanai?!
kuroi,she has music this period,
kuroi,so either the music room or the chapel.
gojo,chapel?!
kuroi,it changes depending on what  the music teacher wants.
kuroi,also, this is a missionary school.
geto,satoru, you take the chapel.
geto,kuroi-san, take the music room.
geto,i will take the two unknowns.
kuroi,roger that.
riko,i told you not to follow me!
riko,what if my friends see you?!
kuroi,i am sorry.
kuroi,i even told her to text us  when she was on the move.
gojo,this is why i told that brat to stay within  eyeshot so we could protect her!
announcer,and they are off.
announcer,numbers 1 and 2 make a good start,  favoring the inside.
announcer,number 3 trails a bit behind.
touji,what?
announcer,taking the lead at the first mark of  the first lap is number 2, yamazaki.
touji,they did not go back to jujutsu high?
touji,lucky me.
announcer,behind him is number 1, masaki.
announcer,they are followed by number 3, kawano.
toji,now the ones drawn to the bounty will  be reasonable fools instead of just fools.
announcer,then comes number 4, nomiya, number 5,  mifune, and in last is number 6, funegi.
kong,are you sure?
toji,about what?
kong,the bounty is the thirty-million deposit  that the star religious group paid you.
kong,if they kill the star plasma vessel,  the deposit is gone,
kong,and worst-case, you might not  get the full reward, either.
kong,they might start saying  they could have posted
kong,a bounty from the start  instead of hiring you.
toji,gojo satoru is with the girl.
toji,he is the first in several  centuries to possess both
toji,the six eyes and the limitless technique.
toji,no one can kill the star plasma  vessel as long as he is nearby.
kong,not even you?
announcer,number 3, kawano,  is making a rushing comeback!
announcer,he is pulled into first place!
toji,who knows?
announcer,he is managed to take the lead twice now.
toji,for now, we will leave the bounty  up for another 47 hours,
announcer,this race has been  filled with ups and downs.
announcer,can number 3, kawano,  defend his position at the top?
toji,and let the fools wear down gojo  and the sorcerers with him.
announcer,the race is now entering its third lap.
oldman,hey!
oldman,hold it right there!
toji,nah, never mind.
toji,they will not be able to kill the  star plasma vessel, of course,
toji,so they are working for free.
kong,it is a good thing you put  that time limit on it.
kong,the curse users are  quickly flocking to them.
toji,that is not the only reason.
kong,eh?
toji,just talking to myself.
announcer,what?!
announcer,number 3, kawano, just lost his balance,  and number 2, yamazaki, is passing him!
announcer,number 3 has drifted far to the outside,
toji,i will head out soon enough.
toji,looks like things are developing  faster than i expected.
announcer,but he is righted his boat  and is chasing after them!
announcer,but there is now a considerable  gap between them!
toji,make sure you get that  thirty million back for me.
announcer,number 2, yamazaki, crosses the goal first!
announcer,number 5, mifune, crosses next.
kong,do not be ridiculous.
kong,this was not your average  anonymous message board.
announcer,number 1, masaki, crosses next,  followed by number 3, kawano.
announcer,following them is number 4, nomiya,  and last is number 6, funegi.
kong,there are posting fees, handling fees, and—
toji,signal's dropping.
kong,hey!
kong,that bastard.
geto,are the unknowns remnants of q?
geto,this will be a little troublesome if they have  been sent by the star religious group.
elder,that uniform...
geto,as soon as he saw the jujutsu high  uniform, he anticipated a fight against
geto,multiple opponents and set  shikigami in front of and behind him.
geto,he is experienced.
elder,no catalyst?!
elder,their cursed energy is different  from the sorcerer's, too.
elder,it could not be...
elder,curse manipulation?!
geto,correct.
geto,living a long life has its perks, i see.
elder,nah, it is not worth  living too long, you know.
elder,it costs money just to stay alive.
elder,his cursed technique is stronger than mine.
elder,however, he thinks like  a typical shikigami user.
elder,add his youth on top of that,
elder,and i can tell exactly what he is thinking.
elder,i knew it.
elder,types like him never  step forward themselves.
elder,close combat is his weakness!
elder,plus, he thinks a shikigami user  like me would never get close to him.
elder,he is someone who hates close  combat, and he is not wary of it.
elder,no one is easier to kill.
geto,looks like you are thinking up lots of plans,
geto,but there is no point.
elder,what?!
elder,those first two were to prevent  me from anticipating this?!
geto,now, that leaves one more.
elder,you are mine!
elder,tasuke? is that you, tasuke?
elder,my parents used all their time and money  on my well-behaved little brother.
elder,they thought i was creepy  because i could see the unseen.
elder,but tasuke was my one and only friend,  who interacted with me without such fear.
elder,it is been a long time.
elder,has it been over 50 years already?
elder,since the day you died—
elder,i see now!
elder,my life flashed before my eyes!
elder,you lured me in!
geto,well, yeah.
geto,you were itching to get in  close that whole time, right?
geto,those with a set means of victory
geto,will easily jump on the chance  when you give them that opening.
geto,more importantly, are you with q?
geto,or the star religious group?
gojo,amanai!
riko,wh-wh-wh-wh-wha...
girls,what?!
girld,riko, you have a boyfriend?!
riko,no! he is a cousin! just a cousin!
girlc,you are a smooth operator.
riko,i told you, he is not!
girla,a high schooler?! he is so tall!
girla,hey, mister!
girlf,take off your sunglasses!
girls,squee! he is so hot!
screen,squee!
screen,squee!
screen,squee!
girla,such long lashes!
gojo,hey.
girlb,why are your eyes blue?
girl,could you pose for me?
riko,hey! quit getting carried away!
teacher,all right, everyone! quiet down!
teacher,this is disgraceful!
girla,you know you are curious  about him, too, sensei!
girlb,yeah.
teacher,this is inappropriate.
teacher,even if you are a relative,  you cannot just barge in.
gojo,oh, you will have to forgive me. it was an emergency.
teacher,also, here. my phone number.
girls,hey! that is against the rules!
girls,graaah
teacher,shut up! you do not get many chances  to meet people as a teacher!
girla,the same is true for us, too!
girlb,i cannot believe you are into younger men!  i have lost respect for you!
teacher,what?! you dissin' hikaru genji?!
gojo,what a lively school.
riko,you idiot! i told you not to show  yourself before my friends!
gojo,curse users attacked. figure out the rest.
riko,i am floating?!
gojo,we are heading to jujutsu high now.
gojo,you do not want you friends to  get caught up in this, do you?
bag,is that the thirty million?
bag,the one with her is another sorcerer?
bag,her bodyguard, too, i bet.
bag,what a sweet deal.
bag,thirty million for killing a kid  who is not even a sorcerer.
bag,maybe i will have eel tonight?
bag,food always tastes best  after killing someone.
kuroi,are you from the star religious group?
kuroi,the people in q wore even weirder outfits.
bag,are you a rookie?
bag,if you are killing someone, do it without talking.
bag,too slow.
kuroi,do not you dare take anything from that girl.
kuroi,i will kill you.
geto,what is this?
geto,well, are not you strong?
geto,where is riko-chan?
kuroi,she left the school with gojo-sama.
geto,then we should head that way, too.
geto,this has gotten a bit troublesome.
bag,so that really was the thirty million earlier.
kuroi,a shikigami?!
geto,no, it is not quite the same as a shikigami.
geto,satoru.
gojo,there is a bounty of thirty  million on amanai's head?
geto,yeah. it was posted on an  underground site for curse users.
geto,apparently, the time limit is 11 am the day after tomorrow.
gojo,now things make sense.
riko,two, three, four... they all look the same.
riko,are they shikigami?
gojo,jeez... and jujutsu sorcerers are  short-handed all year round.
gojo,if you want to change jobs,  we will welcome you, old man.
bag,nah, public employment  are not easy work, either.
bag,just hand over that brat and we will be fine.
riko,there is more! five of them now!
gojo,what is so great about this brat?
bag,what did you just do?
riko,the shikigami is not disappearing!
riko,which is the real one?!
gojo,they are not shikigami.
gojo,they are clones.
gojo,and each one is the real one.
bag,the hell is this?!
gojo,infinity.
gojo,it is achilles and the tortoise.
bag,huh?!
gojo,it is important to study, you know.
gojo,yours is a cloning technique that allows  a maximum of five, including the original.
gojo,and you are always free to decide which  of the clones is the main body, right?
gojo,so if your main body is in danger,
gojo,you make a safe clone the main body.
gojo,that is a nice technique you have there.
gojo,i do not understand why you are so weak.
gojo,are you unable to produce a clone  for a while after it is destroyed?
bag,how do you know what my technique is?
gojo,unfortunately for you,
gojo,i have good eyes.
gojo,you see, my technique
gojo,is like a convergent  series of infinite numbers.
gojo,anything that approaches me  grows slower and slower,
gojo,and ultimately, it fails to ever reach me.
gojo,when i amplify my limitless technique,
gojo,i get what you might call  a negative natural number.
gojo,it basically creates a  single imaginary apple.
gojo,doing so causes everything around to  get sucked into that space, like you saw.
gojo,though it is surprisingly inconvenient.
gojo,i cannot create too large  a reaction near myself,
gojo,and if i start worrying  about the vectors, too,
gojo,controlling the cursed  energy becomes a real pain.
gojo,basically, it is super exhausting.
gojo,but that is all just the proper  operation of the technique.
gojo,protect your head.
gojo,this next one is the divergence of infinity.
gojo,my reverse cursed technique,
gojo,red!
gojo,i failed!
gojo,i really thought i could do it that time.
riko,is this guy for real?
riko,it is from kuroi.
riko,wh-what do we do?!
riko,kuroi has...
riko,kuroi has been...
kuroi,i have always thought the voices  of young people should be heard,
kuroi,so i have voted in every election,
kuroi,but now i am debating how long it is actually  okay to consider myself a young person.
riko,next time, "hidden inventory 3"!
screen,next episode hidden inventory 3
riko,be sure to watch!
riko,exactly how old are you, kuroi?
kuroi,it is a sekwet!
riko,oh, how cute!