mahito,was that it, grade 1 sorcerer?
mahito,you did well running around,  but you are at your limit, are not you?
nanami,unfortunately...
mahito,what?
mahito,his cursed energy's increasing?
nanami,i am going into overtime now.
mahito,overtime?
mahito,a time-based pact!
mahito,he was limiting his own cursed  energy this whole time?!
mahito,fun!
nanami,my cursed technique draws  a line along the target and,
nanami,using a ratio of 7:3,  creates a weak point at that location.
nanami,i can create this line along more than  just their full height or wingspan.
nanami,i can designate it along various parts, such  as the head, upper arm, forearm, and so on.
nanami,this cursed technique can affect more  than just living creatures, as well.
mahito,he is revealing his technique?
mahito,you are serious, huh?
nanami,at present, the first way i can  see to exorcise this cursed spirit
mahito,playing tag again?
nanami,is to continue damaging him until  he runs out of cursed energy.
nanami,however, that is not very realistic for me.
nanami,the second way is to reduce him  to smithereens with a single blow.
,ratio technique: collapse!
mahito,what power!
mahito,no, more importantly, cursed energy raced through it?
mahito,no way!
mahito,it is an expanded technique that imbues  the destroyed target with cursed energy!
mahito,it is a wide-range attack  that puts him at risk, too.
mahito,so i guess...
mahito,i should dodge this one.
nanami,i am retreating for now.
nanami,you should get that leg healed quickly.
nanami,if we both manage to survive, let us meet again.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 11:  narrow-minded
screen,episode 11:  narrow-minded
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,did the ground just shake?
junpei,yeah, it did. intensity 2 or so?
yuuji,nope, ijichi-san's not answering.
yuuji,should i really be the one to ask this?
yuuji,is it really okay to just ask him  straight-up about that, though?
yuuji,how much am i allowed to reveal  about jujutsu tech, anyway?
screen,ijichi kiyotaka
phone,the number you have dialed  cannot be reached at this time.
yuuji,just answer!
ijichi,wait!
yuuji,i wonder what is going on.
junpei,a button with a swirl?
mahito,yup.
mahito,if you meet a student wearing this button  with a swirl, you should be friendly to them.
mahito,because they are jujutsu sorcerers.
mahito,i am sure you will get along with them.
junpei,but the jujutsu sorcerers are  mahito-san's enemies, right?
yuuji,forget it! i am just going to ask!
yuuji,listen, there were people who died at  the theater you went to the other day.
yuuji,did you happen to see anything?
yuuji,a creepy thing like this, maybe?
junpei,no, i did not.
junpei,i have only recently started  seeing those clearly.
yuuji,i see.
yuuji,well, i have got nothing else to ask, then!
junpei,huh? that is it?
yuuji,but could you still wait until my...  i guess he is like my boss... shows up?
junpei,yeah, sure.
yuuji,thanks!
yuuji,hey.
yuuji,what were you watching at that theater?
junpei,it was a repeat screening of an old movie.  i doubt you would know it if i told you.
yuuji,come on, just tell me.
poster,human earthworm
junpei,human earthworm 3.
yuuji,that one was super boring!
yuuji,i got hit so many times over that.
junpei,you got hit?
junpei,honestly, it was.
junpei,but it is just a splatter film,
junpei,so maybe it is our own fault for  asking it to deliver more than that.
junpei,but 2 was—
yuuji,but 2 was pretty good, right?
junpei,yeah! yeah, it was!
junpei,it was the only one with  a way you could enjoy it!
yuuji,huh? a way to enjoy it?
getou,bingo.
junpei,have you seen the entire series?
junpei,at first, 2 looks like it would not  be any different from 1 or 3,
junpei,but it actually captures
junpei,the changing emotions of the perfectionist  who abandons everything.
mainchar,mama...
yuuji,ah, so that is why i was able to watch 2.
mainchar,why?
junpei,at first, i could not understand  what was good about it,
junpei,so i made myself watch it three times.
junpei,it had the most effective gory scenes,  too, so it was not easy to rewatch.
yuuji,why did you go that far?
junpei,do you like movies, itadori-kun?
yuuji,i have been watching a lot of them  lately, for certain reasons.
yuuji,though i have not been seeing them in theaters.
junpei,what?
junpei,but the emotional impact of finding  a good one at the theater is huge.
junpei,even if on-demand is more convenient.
yuuji,when was the last time i saw one in a theater?
yuuji,take me with you next time  there is one you are into.
junpei,huh?
yuuji,oh, need my contact info?
yuuji,here.
yuuji,how do i add friends again?
nagi,oh, junpei?
junpei,mom.
nagi,it is unusual to see you out here.
nagi,is this a friend?
junpei,we just met, actually.
yuuji,we may have just met,  but i think we can be friends.
nagi,really? i hope you get along well, then.
junpei,mom!
junpei,i asked you...
junpei,to quit smoking.
nagi,oh, right, sorry.
nagi,i did promise not to smoke  in front of you anymore.
nagi,what is your friend's name?
yuuji,itadori yuuji.
yuuji,the green onion does not suit your look.
nagi,oh, you can tell?
nagi,i am trying to be a woman who does not  look good with green onions.
junpei,what are you even talking about?
nagi,so, yuuji-kun, care to join us for dinner?
junpei,h-hey! you are just bothering him.
nagi,huh? are you saying my cooking is a nuisance?
flash,cramp
screen,r you m b l e
nagi,anything you do not like? any allergies?
yuuji,nope!
mahito,that sorcerer's more reckless than he looks!
getou,you two went at it quite hard.
mahito,getou!
mahito,that guy was interesting.
mahito,i learned a lot from him.
getou,oh?
mahito,even if i am pulverized, i will not die as  long as i maintain the shape of my soul.
mahito,consumption of cursed energy counts  toward supplementation of the self.
mahito,also, it looks like there is no risk to me,
mahito,no matter how much i tweak  the shape of my own soul.
mahito,next time, i will let loose and  try all kinds of things.
mahito,getou, get me some clothes.
getou,nope.
getou,what happened to the guy you fought?
mahito,i do not know.
mahito,he said he was retreating, but he  might be buried under the rubble.
ijichi,what? you are at yoshino junpei's home?!
ijichi,that is a bit of a...
yuji,oh, it is fine.
yuji,well, i am about to have dinner.
ijichi,dinner?!
ijichi,i will head there at once.
ijichi,if you sense anything odd,  please run immediately.
ijichi,even if yoshino junpei is involved  in this incident as a perpetrator,
ijichi,i doubt he could quickly kill  itadori-kun as he is now.
ijichi,but still, this is a huge blunder  on my part as his supervisor.
ijichi,as blithe as gojou-san is, he might not mind,
ijichi,but if the adult-of-adults,  nanami-san, chews me out...
ijichi,i will probably cry!
ijichi,hurry up now!
ijichi,you do not want to cry in front  of others at your age, do you?!
phone,nanami kento
ijichi,he is calling me earlier than scheduled!
ijichi,yeah, he is going to chew me out!
ijichi,hello, i am sorry.
nanami,i just sent you my location data.  please come and pick me up.
nanami,i am going back to jujutsu tech to  receive treatment from ieiri-san.
ijichi,treatment?
nanami,do not worry.
nanami,it is not an injury that will kill me.
ijichi,that is good.
ijichi,i will join up with itadori-kun soon,
ijichi,then i will head your way.
nanami,he is not with you?
ijichi,i am such an idiot!
mahito,i have practiced a lot...
mahito,you will make the best test subject.
mahito,luck's really on my side.
nanami,that cursed spirit is a child.
nanami,it probably has not been very  long since he sprang into being.
nanami,he is greedily enjoying his own growth.
nanami,the special-grade cursed spirits that gojou-san  fought had mastered domain expansion.
nanami,if he managed to survive, it will not be much  longer before he reaches that stage, too.
nanami,on top of that, his victim count  far exceeded our expectations.
boy,help... me!
nanami,we need to exorcise him as soon as possible,
nanami,before it is too late.
mother,and then?
yuuji,so then takashi-kun says, full of confidence...
takashi-kun,this is the larva of an invasive species!
takashi-kun,it might be poisonous!
takashi,nobody touch it!
yuuji,so then i tried picking it up,
yuuji,and it turned out to be a  konjac noodle from lunch!
nagi,wait, konjac? it was a konjac noodle?!
junpei,mom, you have had too much to drink.
nagi,you are funny, yuuji-kun.
nagi,here, do something funny with these!
junpei,she is the worst kind of drunk.
yuuji,wilson! wilson!
yuuji,forgive me, wilson!
junpei,that is from cast away, is not it?
yuuji,you got it!
nagi,i do not get it. is that a movie reference?
yuuji,fire!
yuuji,your mom's really nice.
junpei,yeah.
nagi,school?
nagi,it is okay. you do not have to go.
junpei,huh?
nagi,kids your age tend to take  everything too seriously.
nagi,school is just a tiny aquarium.
nagi,there is a whole ocean out there,  and other aquariums, too.
nagi,pick the one you want.
nagi,hey, that was a really cool  thing to say, was not it?
nagi,what a brilliant saying. way to go, me!
junpei,what is your mom like?
yuuji,uh, i have never met her.
yuuji,though i have a few faint  memories of my father...
yuuji,but my grandpa was there for me.
yuuji,oh, sorry. got a call.
yuuji,hello, ijichi-san?
yuuji,yeah, i am fine.
yuuji,but we are about to watch a movie.
yuuji,okay.
yuuji,two hours from now, then.
ijichi,two ho—
junpei,you are a jujutsu sorcerer, right?
yuuji,yeah.
yuuji,should i have said that?
junpei,have you... ever killed someone?
yuuji,no.
junpei,but someday you will have to fight  bad jujutsu sorcerers, right?
junpei,what will you do then?
yuuji,i still would not want to kill them.
junpei,why not? they are bad people.
yuuji,it is like... i just think, if i killed anyone,
yuuji,the option of "killing" would  force its way into my life.
yuuji,the value of life would become ambiguous...
yuuji,i would not even understand the importance  of those i care about anymore.
yuuji,and that scares me.
junpei,people do not have hearts.
junpei,that idea saved me.
junpei,it gave me strength.
junpei,but if killing someone
junpei,would mean tainting my soul...
junpei,then i cannot kill anyone.
nagi,darn, i feel asleep.
nagi,did yuuji-kun go home already?
nagi,gah! it is already this late?
nagi,i need to clean up.
nagi,what is this?
nagi,a finger?
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,after the satozakura high school incident
ijichi,after the incident at satozakura high school,
ijichi,we discovered the corpse of yoshino nagi,  yoshino junpei's mother, at their home,
ijichi,along with an unsealed sukuna's finger— his second left arm's pinky finger.
ijichi,we believe yoshino nagi was attacked by  cursed spirits drawn to sukuna's finger.
ijichi,her remains were missing  everything from the waist down.
ijichi,there were no visible or detectable  traces of blood found on-site,
ijichi,and yoshino nagi's body was  lying down in her bedroom.
ijichi,lifting up the blanket revealed only cold  packs and ice bags spread out beneath it.
yuuji,are you saying i would get in the way, nanamin?
yuuji,you are injured, are not you?
yuuji,next time, take me with you.
yuuji,"my partner died.
yuuji,but i was not there at the time.
yuuji,why? because i am a child."
grandpa,you are a strong kid, so help others.
yuuji,i do not want any of that.
nanami,you cannot.
nanami,as you already know, this patchwork  cursed spirit uses transfigured people.
nanami,there are some people who are beyond saving.
nanami,if you continue this work,
nanami,there will a come a time when you are  forced to kill a person yourself.
nanami,but this is not that time.
yuuji,i still would not want to kill them.
yuuji,and that scares me.
nanami,please understand this.
nanami,being a child is not a sin.
nanami,i would like to ask you to continue  monitoring yoshino junpei.
junpei,i did not own any black clothing,
junpei,so i opened my mom's closet
junpei,and put on the first  thing that caught my eye.
junpei,the smell of the morning air and the  commute to school were all familiar,
junpei,but today...
mahito,this is
mahito,a cursed object known as "sukuna"  that attracts other curses.
junpei,what was a thing like that doing in my home?!
mahito,there are many curse users who  earn money by cursing people.
mahito,it was probably done by one of them.
mahito,with money and connections,  it is easy to curse someone to death.
mahito,can you think of anyone?
mahito,anyone who might hold a grudge  against you or your mother?
mahito,or perhaps...
mahito,someone dark and gloomy,  with plenty of money and free time?
principal,the certificate of commendation
principal,and the prize for the finest work in the  national book report competition goes to
principal,itou shouta.
girls,one, two...
girls,shouta-senpai!
itou,gosh, they are embarrassing me.
principal,we are extremely pleased to have
principal,a student of our school as the winner  of such an honorable award.
itou,what the hell were you thinking?
itou,i told you to just write whatever,
itou,but you made me win top damn prize.
principal,this is all thanks to constant,  daily efforts finally bearing fruit.
itou,you want to die?
male student a,i-i am sorry.
principal,i hope all of you will take this opportunity
itou,yet you only landed a participation prize.
principal,to cultivate a habit of reading  in your daily lives.
male student b,shouta-senpai really is cool.
principal,next we have the award of  excellence for matsutani tooru.
female student b,right?
female student a,that so? well, i will give  him props for being rich.
girl,what is that black stuff?
male student b,huh? where?
mahito,emerge from darkness,  blacker than darkness.
mahito,purify that which is impure.
mahito,hey, i did it.
getou,thanks, mahito.
getou,i cannot afford to leave any  residuals of me behind.
getou,what are the veil's effects?
mahito,they cannot escape from inside.
mahito,some can enter from outside,
mahito,but only those with weak cursed energy.
getou,it is an unannounced veil  in a residential area.
getou,the windows will report it right away.
getou,i hope this plays out as you believe it will.
mahito,i think it will go fine.
mahito,the general course was already set  once junpei landed sukuna's vessel.
mahito,i will because the two of them to clash,  and force itadori yuuji
mahito,into a pact giving sukuna dominance.
getou,i sure wish jougo was as level-headed as you.
mahito,but it is cute how honest  and straightforward he is.
mahito,anyway, you okay with this?
mahito,that finger was a precious resource, right?
getou,it is fine.
getou,the finger from the juvenile center was  quickly absorbed into itadori yuuji, after all.
getou,i would like to have jujutsu tech retrieve the one  we placed at yoshino junpei's home, as well.
mahito,another ploy?
getou,yeah.
getou,well, i will be taking my leave.
mahito,huh? you are leaving?
mahito,you should stay and watch, too.
mahito,i am sure it will be fun...
mahito,watching foolish kids die.
sotomura,h-hey! what is wrong with you guys?!
sotomura,get a grip! are you okay?!
junpei,they are not dead.
sotomura,yoshino?
sotomura,why...
sotomura,wait, do you know what is going on here?
junpei,sensei.
junpei,make sure you are watching...
sotomura,you... those scars...
sotomura,that is—
junpei,...what is already happened,
junpei,and what is about to happen.
itou,yoshino...
junpei,i have a question for you.
junpei,are you the one who left that in my home?
itou,what are you—
itou,wh-what is this?
itou,what did you do?!
junpei,that is no good.
junpei,do you still think you are in a position to  answer questions with your own questions?
junpei,you are going to die.
junpei,whether your answer is yes or no.
junpei,after all, i do not have a technique  to see through your lies,
junpei,and you have already done more  than enough to earn it!
junpei,so show some sincerity in  your final moments, at least.
itou,i am... sorry...
junpei,and?
junpei,come on!
yuuji,what are you doing, junpei?!
junpei,stay out of this, jujutsu sorcerer.
screen,juju stroll
narrator,the layout was great, but a  three-burner range portends death.
narrator,set it ablaze, mt. hiei!  matsutake for aroma, shimeji for flavor!
narrator,the tones of autumn disappear,
narrator,together with the tears of the beloved!
,next time on jujutsu kaisen, episode 12:
,"bloody autumn leaf-viewing."
,the hunt is on... for your heart.
screen,next episode:
screen,bloody autumn leaf-viewing
screen,episode 12:  to you, someday