fushiguro,nanami-san!
fushiguro,that octopus currently thinks our  domains are pushing for control.
fushiguro,but my goal is different.
fushiguro,i will open a small hole
fushiguro,in the barrier of this domain!
fushiguro,the hole i entered through  is already sealed.
fushiguro,it is harder to open one  from inside than outside,
fushiguro,but i can open a hole large enough for  someone to pass through for a few seconds.
fushiguro,the edge of his domain is beneath my feet.
fushiguro,i can tell, since i touched it when i entered.
fushiguro,i am ready to go at any time!
fushiguro,if all three of you jump in at once...
nanami,none of this leaving yourself  behind alone, all right?
fushiguro,i am risking my life,
fushiguro,but i do not intend to throw it away.
screen,episode 39 fluctuations, part 2
nanami,you two!
nanami,gather 'round!
narrator,they faced an enemy  that understood language.
narrator,and with faith in their fellow grade-1  indirectly conveying his intentions,
narrator,the previously excluded possibility
narrator,of escaping the domain became  an option once more.
dagon,they are bolstering their defense of the boy?
dagon,that just groups them up for me to—
dagon,no!
nanami,he figured it out?! but it is too late!
nanami,to fushiguro-kun's feet!
narrator,one who had inherited the curse  of the zen'in clan from birth,
narrator,and one who could not  completely cast off that curse,
narrator,both stood in witness
narrator,to the one who cast it all off
narrator,now manifested in raw flesh...
narrator,and taking action.
fushiguro,who is that?!
maki,a person?
maki,a sorcerer?
dagon,they brought a new sorcerer  in instead of escaping?
maki,he is fast! he was just in mid-air!
maki,that is not all, either!
maki,what is with his strength?!
fushiguro,maki-san!
maki,i did not feel any cursed energy from him!
maki,did i just lose a contest of pure strength?!
maki,me, of all people?!
nanami,fushiguro-kun?
fushiguro,it is no good.
fushiguro,the hole has been sealed.
fushiguro,to make things worse,  it just figured out our goal.
fushiguro,it will not let us open a hole as easily again.
naobito,toji!
narrator,granny ogami's seance technique  still continued after her death.
narrator,her summoning of the dead  should have ceased
narrator,once her grandson, the vessel,  ran out of cursed energy.
narrator,but there was no cursed energy  in the grandson's soul
narrator,that was overwritten by toji zen'in's body,
narrator,and his body never expended  cursed energy, either.
narrator,her technique had lost  its chance to terminate.
narrator,the compounding irregularities  left her technique running rampant,
narrator,and toji zen'in was currently  fighting as directed
narrator,by his instincts until his  vessel ultimately broke.
narrator,he had become a murder machine.
dagon,this man...
dagon,has no cursed energy?
dagon,not worth my attention, then.
narrator,his fangs were constantly
narrator,directed toward the strongest.
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
maki,old man,
maki,who is that?
naobito,a ghost.
nanami,fushiguro-kun, can you  hold out a little longer?
fushiguro,yes.
nanami,i am sorry.
nanami,we are placing our bets on him.
fushiguro,he is smashing playful cloud against itself?
nanami,he is changing its shape...
nanami,is he sharpening it?!
dagon,am i going to lose?
dagon,against a human with no cursed energy?!
dagon,no!
dagon,i can feel that young  boy's domain weakening!
dagon,if i can regain my guaranteed-hit  effect, i can kill them all!
dagon,i need to...
dagon,buy time!
naobito,of course, you can hover, too, right?
naobito,do i need to say it again?
dagon,it is not...
dagon,over yet!
maki,the domain!
maki,he seriously exorcised  that octopus all by himself!
nanami,if fushiguro-kun had not come,
nanami,we all would have been wiped out for sure.
nanami,though problems still remain.
nanami,is he an ally or not?
fushiguro,huh?
fushiguro,when did i get forced outside?
fushiguro,this goes beyond just fast!
fushiguro,he might be worse than sukuna!
fushiguro,what is with this guy?!
maki,megumi!
jogo,you have passed on, dagon?
naobito,hey, hey, hey!
naobito,you are kidding, right?
nanami,this one's another level stronger...
jogo,leave the rest to me.
nanami,...than that cursed spirit, dagon!
jogo,our souls will reincarnate,  even without relying on human beings.
jogo,let us meet again in the  wasteland a century from now.
jogo,now, then.
jogo,first one down.
maki,nana—
jogo,second one down.
jogo,third one down.
jogo,sukuna?
jogo,no, it is not!
jogo,the fingers!
jogo,someone has released sukuna's  fingers somewhere here in shibuya!
mimiko,let us hurry, nanako.
mimiko,the fingers might draw cursed spirits here.
nanako,i know.
nanako,please,
nanako,come out,
nanako,sukuna-sama.
jogo,you two! how many fingers did you feed him?!
mimiko,i will not tell!
nanako,mimiko!
jogo,that so? then die.
jogo,good, the markings have not disappeared.
jogo,this was an unexpected turn of events,  but i will make use of it to greatest effect.
geto,yuji itadori probably would not  transfer control of his body to sukuna
geto,even after taking in all 20 fingers.
geto,but that is only if he spent  20 days taking one in every day.
geto,if he took in ten at once,
geto,his body would not be able  to adapt quickly enough,
geto,and control would transfer to sukuna,  even if only temporarily.
jogo,wake up,
jogo,sukuna!
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
jogo,i fed him all ten.
jogo,now there should be at least  15 fingers inside itadori.
jogo,you are alive?
jogo,must have been the technique of one of them.
jogo,but given how frightened they are,  i doubt they can stop me that many times.
jogo,do not waste my time!
sukuna,i will give you one second.
sukuna,move.
jogo,this is sukuna...
jogo,strength of a different kind than satoru gojo!
jogo,overwhelming evil!
jogo,fear that even the slightest  move could lead to death!
nanako,breathe!
nanako,breathe, breathe!
nanako,breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe, breathe!
mimiko,it is okay to breathe, right?
mimiko,he will not kill us for that, right?
sukuna,you hold your heads quite high.
sukuna,did you believe taking one knee was enough?
sukuna,the greatest men bow  the lowest, or so it goes.
sukuna,i see you value your head quite lightly.
sukuna,you brats,
sukuna,i will start with you.
sukuna,you wished to speak to me, yes?
sukuna,i will grant you a finger's worth of audience.
sukuna,now speak.
nanako,b-below us, there is a man in monk's robes  with a suture across his forehead.
nanako,p-please kill him.
mimiko,please free geto-sama.
nanako,hey, geto-sama?
nanako,who is satoru gojo?
nanako,he is super strong, right?
geto,well...
geto,he was my best friend.
geto,but we had a fight and have not spoken since.
nanako,i love you.
mimiko,i love you.
nanako,i love you.
mimiko,i love you.
nanako,we will never forgive satoru gojo for  killing geto-sama, so long as we live.
mimiko,but we did feel that was appropriate.
nanako,after all,
nanako,satoru gojo was geto-sama's  one and only best friend.
mimiko,but you are different.
nanako,go to hell!
nanako,we will make you regret this!
nanako,we know the location of one other finger.
nanako,if you will kill that man for us,
nanako,we will tell you where it is.
nanako,so please...
sukuna,raise your heads.
nanako,mimiko! mimiko! mimiko!
sukuna,did you think a measly one or two fingers
nanako,mimiko! mimiko!
sukuna,would grant you the right to order me around?
nanako,no! mimiko!
nanako,no way, no way!
nanako,mimiko! mimiko!
sukuna,how offensive.
nanako,mimiko!
nanako,sukuna!
nanako,die!
sukuna,hmm, a cell phone?
sukuna,no, the photo function, huh?
sukuna,it was probably some ability to do something  to whatever was pictured in the photo.
sukuna,boring.
sukuna,you are next, cursed spirit.
sukuna,what do you want?
jogo,i want...
jogo,nothing!
sukuna,what?
jogo,our objective, sukuna,  is your complete resurrection.
jogo,currently, you only have temporary freedom  while itadori struggles to adapt.
jogo,i am sure you are the most  aware of that yourself.
jogo,even if sukuna's reverse cursed technique  is capable of healing others as well,
jogo,it cannot do anything about the shape of
jogo,a soul once it is changed by  mahito's idle transfiguration.
jogo,it was not that he did not forge a pact back then.
jogo,it was that he could not.
jogo,forge a pact with yuji itadori  before he returns!
jogo,a pact to grant you perpetual  authority over his body!
jogo,many of itadori's allies are already here.
jogo,there are plenty of ways you could do it.
sukuna,there is no need.
sukuna,i already have my own plans.
sukuna,but i see...
sukuna,you all are desperate, too.
sukuna,this is your reward for the fingers. come at me.
sukuna,if you manage to land even  a single blow on me,
sukuna,i will work under you all.
sukuna,for starters, how about  i slaughter every human in shibuya?
sukuna,except for one.
jogo,you are true to your word, yes?
naobito,if you are going to use jujutsu,  you should do it like this!
nanami,um, there are minors present.
naobito,barrier! technique! one, two, shoot!
nanami,please, students are watching.
naobito,i threw out paper, so all  of you who threw scissors
naobito,might see something  good happening tomorrow!
nanami,please do not suddenly try  to make this kid-friendly.
screen,next episode thunderclap
maki,next time, "thunderclap."
naobito,i am so drunk!