geto,things were busy that summer.
geto,the frequent disasters of the  past year probably played a role,
geto,but cursed spirits were  springing up like maggots.
geto,exorcise, absorb.
geto,over and over.
geto,exorcise.
geto,absorb.
geto,no one else understands
geto,what cursed spirits taste like.
geto,it is like swallowing a dirty rag that is  been used to clean up shit and vomit.
geto,exorcise.
geto,absorb.
geto,"what i witnessed is not uncommon."
geto,"i understood the ugliness of the masses,
geto,and still chose to be a  jujutsu sorcerer who saves others."
geto,that is what i have been telling  myself ever since that day.
geto,ever since that day.
utahime,apparently, this used to be  the home of the president
utahime,of a company managing a local  chain of barbecue restaurants.
utahime,however, in july of last year,
utahime,the mad cow disease breakout dealt  a fatal blow to his restaurants,
utahime,so he committed suicide with his family  after they were buried under vast debt.
utahime,from then on, local rumors claimed  the president's home was haunted,
utahime,so local school kids, college students  from outside the prefecture,
utahime,job-hoppers, and others would visit  it as part of a test of courage,
utahime,and subsequently go missing.
utahime,those rumors brought about more rumors,
utahime,and the damage just continued to spread.
mei mei,rumors do tend to spread rather  quickly around haunted spots.
mei mei,they can spread at an unbelievable  pace nowadays, thanks to the internet.
mei mei,this all just means even more  work for us jujutsu sorcerers.
utahime,in addition to that, three grade school kids  went missing on their way home from school.
utahime,there is also a high chance  the families, police, colleagues,
utahime,and friends who trace the paths  of those who disappeared
utahime,will reach the mansion and  become victims themselves.
utahime,we have to sever the root of  this issue as soon as possible.
mei mei,hq sent us to investigate because  they reached the same conclusion.
sign,warning! entering these premises is forbidden! many have gone missing!
mei mei,they are even paying my fees,  which are not cheap.
utahime,did you overcharge them again?
mei mei,you make it sound so bad.
mei mei,call it negotiation.
assistant supervisor,we are here.
mei mei,let us go, then.
screen,jujutsu kaisen
utahime,emerge from darkness, blacker than darkness.
utahime,purify that—
mei mei,there is no need for a veil.
utahime,huh?
mei mei,i do not sense the presence of any curses.
mei mei,the because is almost certainly  inside the building.
mei mei,you can cast the veil later if we  end up attacking it from outside.
screen,...true.
utahime,it is unlocked.
utahime,seems like something is blocking the door.
utahime,what is all this?
utahime,mei-san.
mei mei,it is here.
mei mei,and it is all around us, too.
mei mei,let us get going.
mei mei,i do not need that, but you do, right?
utahime,thank you.
utahime,all right.
utahime,i-incredible.
utahime,oh, it still has electricity.
mei mei,for now, let us have a  look inside the building.
mei mei,i will take this floor,
mei mei,you take the second.
utahime,huh? all by myself?
mei mei,is there a problem with that?
utahime,n-no, i-it is fine.
mei mei,off you go, then.
utahime,okay.
utahime,this is the last one.
mei mei,you could be the next big scream queen.
utahime,jeez!
utahime,please do not startle me like that!
mei mei,you got startled all on your own.
utahime,are you done exploring the first floor?
mei mei,this is the first floor.
utahime,huh?
mei mei,i was walking down  the first floor hallway.
utahime,what? but...
utahime,i know i entered a room  at the end of the hallway...
mei mei,a box of candy.
mei mei,a bag of potato chips.
mei mei,cans.
mei mei,a backpack.
mei mei,a sweatshirt.
mei mei,i have already seen this three times.
mei mei,and see these marks? i made  them on my way through here.
mei mei,it would seem that we are already  in the belly of the beast.
utahime,huh?
utahime,for real?
utahime,how long is this hallway?
mei mei,we have been moving for thirty minutes,
mei mei,so about four kilometers so far.
utahime,it is not an innate domain, is it?
mei mei,it is not.
mei mei,those are manifestations  of the spirit's mindscape.
mei mei,which means...
utahime,this is a barrier.
mei mei,correct.
mei mei,most likely, the victims  were trapped inside this
mei mei,and then killed by the cursed spirit.
mei mei,though, considering the  use of this technique,
mei mei,the cursed spirit itself should be weak.
mei mei,so if we can just escape this barrier...
mei mei,now, quiz time.
mei mei,how would you break this, utahime?
utahime,this hallway is repeating itself.
utahime,at first...
utahime,i thought...
mei mei,i am surprised you could touch them.
utahime,...it was shaped like a donut.
utahime,but we passed by four of  the marks you made, right?
utahime,when i calculated how many  paces apart they were, i got...
utahime,122,
utahime,203,
utahime,157,
utahime,and 270 paces.
utahime,so the spacing between marks was random.
mei mei,i see.
utahime,the interval between  repetitions is not standardized.
utahime,which means that, most likely...
utahime,this barrier is patching spaces together.
utahime,so if we both run down the hallway  at top speed, then at some point...
utahime,it will break.
mei mei,close. ninety points.
utahime,d'oh.
utahime,what is the remaining ten?
mei mei,when we run, we do so in opposite  directions at the same time.
utahime,i get it!
utahime,so my patching theory was correct,
utahime,and if we quickly advance  in different directions,
utahime,that makes it harder for the cursed  spirit to hold the barrier together.
utahime,and once we have that opening,  we might be able to get out.
mei mei,one hundred points.
utahime,then, with that settled...
utahime,if this works, i will be expecting a promotion.
mei mei,how much do you have in savings?
utahime,what?
mei mei,never mind. i will think about it.
utahime,right!
utahime,okay... ready, set...
utahime,go!
utahime,we did it!
utahime,wait, wha—
gojo,i am here to save you,
gojo,utahime.
screen,jujutsu kaisen hidden inventory/premature death
screen,m 0 0 l 140 0 l 140 200 l 0 200
screen,jujutsu high second-year gojo satoru
gojo,are you crying?
utahime,i am not crying!
screen,m 0 0 l 100 0 l 100 140 l 0 140
screen,second-grade sorcerer iori utahime
utahime,and be more polite!
mei mei,if i was crying, would you console me?
screen,m 0 0 l 140 0 l 140 200 l 0 200
screen,first-grade sorcerer mei mei
mei mei,i would certainly appreciate that.
gojo,nah, you would not cry, mei-san.
gojo,you are strong.
mei mei,that so?
utahime,gojo! you listen here!
utahime,i do not need your hel—
geto,do not swallow it.
geto,i will absorb it later.
geto,satoru, it is not nice to pick on the weak.
screen,m 0 0 l 136 0 l 136 200 l 0 200
screen,jujutsu high second-year geto suguru
gojo,what kind of idiot picks on the strong?
mei mei,you are the one fanning the flames  like it comes naturally, geto-kun.
shoko,utahime-senpai!
shoko,are you okay?
utahime,shoko!
screen,m 0 0 l 136 0 l 136 200 l 0 200
screen,jujutsu high second-year ieiri shoko
shoko,i was worried about you.
shoko,we had not heard from you for two whole days.
utahime,shoko!
utahime,shoko! do not let yourself  turn out like those two!
shoko,i will not turn into trash like them.
screen,m 0 0 l 50 0 l 50 140 l 0 140
screen,said trash
gojo,the path utahime walked is falling apart.
geto,shut up.
utahime,wait, two days?
gojo,ah, was the cursed spirit's barrier  one of those that messes with time?
gojo,they are rare, but they  do happen now and then.
gojo,i thought it was odd,  since mei-san was with you.
mei mei,seems like it was.
gojo,something the matter?
mei mei,no. just realized that means  it was actually two days' labor,
mei mei,and that means extra fees paid out to me.
utahime,she is planning to overcharge again.
mei mei,that aside, what about the veil, you three?
screen,white \h\hnews
screen,degradation of gas pipes causes explosion
announcer,next, the explosion that occurred  yesterday in hamamatsu, shizuoka.
yaga,one of you three said they  would cast the veil themselves
announcer,the explosion was caused  by degradation of gas pipes.
announcer,our reporter on the scene...
yaga,and left your assistant  supervisor behind, did not you?
yaga,and then you forgot the veil.
screen,m 0 0 l 126 0 l 126 184 l 0 184
screen,first-grade sorcerer yaga masamichi
yaga,come forward.
gojo,sensei!
gojo,why do not we stop this hunt for the culprit?!
yaga,so it was you, satoru.
screen,discipline
gojo,is a veil that necessary in the first place?
gojo,it is not like it matters if  normies see or not, right?
gojo,they cannot see cursed spirits  or cursed techniques, anyway.
geto,of course it is not good for them to see.
geto,the strongest deterrent  against the outbreak
geto,of a cursed spirit is the  mental calm of the populace.
geto,that is exactly why we have to conceal
geto,the threats they cannot even  see as much as possible.
geto,and that is not all—
gojo,yeah, yeah, i get it.
gojo,looking out for the weak  is so exhausting, honestly.
geto,survival of the weakest.
geto,that is how a society should be.
geto,the weak help each other and  discourage any who are too strong.
geto,listen, satoru.
geto,jujutsu exists to protect  non-jujutsu sorcerers.
gojo,is that your moral argument?
gojo,i hate moral arguments.
geto,what?
gojo,assigning reasons and  responsibility to strength
gojo,is what those who are weak do.
gojo,quit making yourself feel  better by spouting bullshit.
gojo,blegh.
shoko,run for it.
geto,want to take this outside, satoru?
gojo,you feeling lonely?
gojo,go by yourself.
yaga,how long are you going  to keep fooling around?
yaga,where did shoko go?
geto,who knows?
gojo,bathroom, probably.
yaga,whatever.
yaga,this mission is being assigned to you two.
yaga,what are those faces for?
both,nothing.
yaga,frankly, i think it is too much for you,
yaga,but tengen-sama asked for you specifically.
yaga,your mission has two goals.
yaga,the star plasma vessel
yaga,is the one compatible with tengen-sama.
yaga,you are to escort that girl and erase her.
gojo,escort a brat and erase her?
yaga,that is right.
gojo,have you finally gone senile?
geto,it is spring.
geto,he is probably got his head full  with being the next principal.
geto,jokes aside, though—
yaga,i will be the one to decide  if i let that off as a joke.
geto,is this about renewing  tengen-sama's technique?
gojo,what is that?
gojo,what?
yaga,tengen-sama possesses the  cursed technique of immortality,
yaga,but it is not eternal youth.
yaga,it would not be an issue  if all he did was get older,
yaga,but after his body ages to a certain point,
yaga,the cursed technique  begins rewriting his body.
yaga,evolution.
yaga,he will cease to be human and become  a higher form of existence.
gojo,what is wrong with that?
gojo,sounds cool.
geto,according to tengen-sama,
geto,those who reach that state  of being have no will.
geto,it means tengen-sama would  cease to be tengen-sama.
,tokyo jujutsu high school
geto,all the jujutsu schools,
geto,the barriers that form the  foundation of jujutsu society,
geto,the many barrier techniques  of the assistant supervisors...
geto,they are all being strengthened by tengen-sama.
geto,without the aid of his power,
geto,we could hardly maintain security  or clean up after missions.
geto,in the worst-case scenario,
geto,tengen-sama could even become  a threat to mankind.
geto,that is why, every 500 years,  he finds the plasma star vessel—
geto,someone who is compatible with him—
geto,and assimilates them,  overwriting the information of their body.
geto,by renewing his body,
geto,he resets his cursed  technique back to the start
geto,and avoids evolution.
gojo,i get it.
gojo,it would be fine if he turned  into metalgreymon,
gojo,but we cannot have him  becoming skullgreymon.
gojo,so we have him start over from koromon.
geto,what? yeah, sure, that works.
yaga,the star plasma vessel's  location has been leaked.
yaga,right now, there are two major  groups after the young girl's life.
yaga,one is the curse user group q,
yaga,which seeks to upend jujutsu society  with tengen-sama's rampage.
yaga,the other is the star religious  group, also known as the
yaga,"time vessel association," which worships tengen-sama as a god.
yaga,tengen-sama will assimilate the  star plasma vessel two days from now.
yaga,you are to protect the girl until then and  ensure that she reaches tengen-sama!
yaga,if you fail, the effects will ripple  throughout even normal society!
yaga,do not forget that!
gojo,yeah, but you know,
gojo,i get why curse user group q  would be after her,
gojo,but why would this star religious  group want to kill a brat?
geto,their object of worship is  the pure form of tengen-sama.
geto,allowing the star plasma vessel—
geto,in their minds, an impurity— to blend into him is unforgivable.
geto,the star religious group is an  organization of non-sorcerers.
geto,i do not think we need to pay them any mind.
geto,the ones to be wary of are q.
gojo,well, i am sure it will be fine.
gojo,we are the strongest, after all.
gojo,that is why tengen-sama asked  for us specifically, right?
gojo,what is it?
geto,you know, satoru...
geto,i have been wanting to say this for a while,
geto,but you should stop being  so full of yourself.
gojo,huh?!
geto,especially when you are  addressing your superiors.
geto,we might end up meeting  tengen-sama, after all.
geto,you should be more polite and humble.
geto,you would scare your juniors less, too.
gojo,hah!
gojo,screw that!
geto,come on, satoru.
geto,whatever.
geto,i will bring it up again later.
kuroi,coming.
geto,huh?
gojo,you alive?
geto,i am, at least.
gojo,you think we will be blamed  if the brat died from that?
gojo,ah
kokun,do not blame me.
kokun,if you must hate someone, hate tengen.
screen,m 0 0 l 112 0 l 112 164 l 0 164
screen,q combatant kokun
kokun,wha—
geto,would you please stop making us stand out?
geto,we just got chewed out  for that this morning.
geto,so this girl is the star plasma vessel?
kokun,i know those uniforms. you are  sorcerers from jujutsu high, right?
kokun,hand over the kid.
kokun,or i will kill you.
geto,cannot hear you.
geto,come closer and talk.
gojo,man, barely safe.
bayer,wonderful.
bayer,you are gojo satoru, right?
screen,m 0 0 l 136 0 l 136 164 l 0 164
screen,q combatant bayer
bayer,you are famous.
bayer,i hear you are strong.
bayer,let me find out if the rumors are true.
gojo,i am down for that, but let us set some rules.
bayer,rules?
gojo,i do not want to get yelled  at for going overboard.
gojo,so if you cry and apologize,  i will not kill you.
gojo,that is our rule.
bayer,damn brat.
kong,it is started.
kong,the star religious group does not have the  power to fight against jujutsu sorcerers.
kong,but they can pay very well.
kong,that i guarantee.
kong,how about it, zen'in?
kong,want to get in on the assassination  of the star plasma vessel?
toji,i am not a zen'in anymore.
toji,i took my wife's name.
toji,it is fushiguro now.
toji,but sure.
toji,count me in.
screen,episode 25 hidden inventory
gojo,you know how there are some  words you cannot get out of
gojo,your head, even though they  have no connection to you?
geto,like "the privatization of  reclaimed lands in perpetuity act"?
gojo,yeah! or like "corporate governance."
shoko,please look forward to the next  episode, "hidden inventory 2"!
screen,next episode hidden inventory 2
gojo,you tell us one, too, shoko.
shoko,chagu chagu umakko.