yuji,kugisaki! do not let that blood touch you!
kugisaki,you think i do not know that?!
eso,run away,
eso,with your backs to me.
yuji,kugisaki, can you go any faster?
kugisaki,no way!
kugisaki,i have got your back.
yuji,thanks.
kugisaki,huh?
kugisaki,huh?!
eso,what speed...
eso,while carrying someone, too.
eso,tsk... they will get away.
eso,well, no matter.
yuji,okay, we are out of range now.
kugisaki,well done. you have my compliments.
yuji,yeah, yeah.
kugisaki,i am kidding. thank you.
yuji,it took the shortest route  and got ahead of us?
kugisaki,itado—
yuji,kugisaki!
eso,you do not need to worry.
eso,my younger brother's blood does not  have the same quality as mine.
eso,and even mine will not kill you  unless your entire body's bathed in it.
eso,though it will hurt like hell.
eso,this is where our technique starts.
,rot technique: decay.
kugisaki,huh?
,jujutsu kaisen
eso,my blood, and my brothers' blood,
screen,episode 24: accomplices
screen,episode 24: accomplices
eso,is absorbed through wounds and membranes,
eso,and then, once any of us  brothers activates the technique,
eso,it begins to rot you away  from the point of incursion.
eso,i would give that young man  about fifteen minutes.
eso,ten minutes max for you, young lady.
eso,by morning, nothing but bones will remain.
yuji,if it is a technique,
yuji,we just need to make them release it!
yuji,so it is poisonous.
eso,the result is essentially a poison,
eso,but our technique is purely "decomposition."
eso,i have finished revealing our technique.
eso,now they will actually die even faster.
eso,so, what will you do now?
eso,elder brother, these sorcerers  did not amount to much.
geto,at the beginning of the meiji era,
geto,there was a girl with a unique trait that  allowed her to bear a cursed spirit's child.
geto,she conceived a child  with no recollection of how,
geto,and the criticism she endured from  her parents and relatives was extreme.
geto,she fled with the corpse  of her baby in her arms,
geto,ending up at a temple run  by a certain jujutsu sorcerer.
geto,however, that was where her luck ran out.
geto,kamo noritoshi.
geto,among all of jujutsu  sorcery's cultural legacy,
geto,he is remembered as  the most vile of sorcerers
geto,and a disgrace to the three major clans.
geto,his intellectual curiosity
geto,was captivated by the possibility of a  child born of a human and a cursed spirit.
geto,nine times, he impregnated her.
geto,nine times, he aborted her.
geto,all records of how he did it
geto,and what happened to her  afterward were destroyed.
,the cursed wombs:  death paintings one through three
,became cursed objects powerful enough  to be classified as special-grade.
,perhaps the origin of that power  was the mother's resentment,
,or perhaps...
eso,i have no memories of a mother.
eso,humans and sorcerers...
eso,it is not that i hold any  special grudge against them.
eso,for 150 years,
eso,we remained sealed away with nothing  but each others' existence to rely on.
choso,we will side with the cursed spirits.
eso,are you sure?
eso,they seemed shady, elder brother.
choso,the future those cursed spirits painted  is more convenient for us.
choso,that is all there is to it.
choso,forget about owing them  for our manifestation.
choso,now listen, brothers.
choso,eso, you live for kechizu.
choso,kechizu, you live for me.
choso,and i will live for you, eso.
choso,we three are one.
eso,i live for my brothers.
eso,if it is what my brothers desire,
eso,i will give my life to grant it for them.
eso,if the suffering is too great,
eso,would you like me to end you right away?
kugisaki,a technique that guarantees  victory once it hits...
kugisaki,you two are strong.
kugisaki,too bad for you, though.
kugisaki,that makes me the worst match for you!
,straw doll technique: resonance!
,let us play a game of chicken!
,you do not like pain, do you?
,then start crying and  release your technique.
eso,a technique to turn the curse on the user?
eso,a game of chicken...
eso,so unless i release our technique,  this will continue?
kugisaki,straw doll technique: resonance.
kugisaki,it is a technique that deals damage  to the target's main body
kugisaki,by driving cursed energy through an effigy  and a lost portion of the target.
kugisaki,the technique's range is broad,
kugisaki,and the effect varies
kugisaki,with the difference in strength between  us and the value of the lost portion.
kugisaki,as far as straw doll technique is concerned,
kugisaki,blood is not very valuable.
kugisaki,but resonance uses the link to its target.
kugisaki,and their blood that is inside me now
,is strongly linking us and  their rot technique together!
kugisaki,it is a nice surprise that it worked  on the younger brother, too.
kugisaki,if i am going to die here anyway,
kugisaki,then i will keep hammering  resonance into them!
eso,that is quite intense,
eso,but no matter how many times she  does it, it will not end our lives.
eso,as long as we hold out,  you will be the ones to die!
eso,not to mention,
,while decay is active, the pain  and poison will keep you from mov—
eso,how are you able to move that well?
kugisaki,resonance!
kugisaki,itadori is the vessel
kugisaki,for ryomen sukuna,  the king of curses and deadly poisons.
kugisaki,so he has resistance to all forms of poison.
eso,the result is essentially a poison,
eso,but our technique is purely "decomposition."
kugisaki,he is probably feeling pain  from the decomposition,
kugisaki,but the resulting poison does not affect him.
kugisaki,and if it is just pain...
kugisaki,itadori yuji...
kugisaki,will not stop!
eso,kechizu!
kugisaki,shut up already!
kugisaki,resonance!
eso,that is nothing!
eso,he switched!
eso,with the woman close to death,
eso,putting her against my brother,  who is closer to death!
eso,does she think she can stop  my movement forever?!
eso,woman!
eso,do i release the technique or not?
eso,i cannot go and save my brother like this!
eso,i cannot unleash wing king  while decay is active.
eso,but does that woman have enough  strength left to kill my brother?
eso,even with her interference,
eso,this man will not be able  to kill me before she dies,
eso,so i cannot release the technique!
kechizu,b-brother!
choso,we three are one.
eso,i was already releasing it before i even knew it.
eso,wing king!
eso,what was that black light just now?
eso,i know i reinforced my arm with  cursed energy before taking his punch!
eso,but the next thing i knew, my whole arm  and shoulder had been blown away.
eso,ahh, younger brother!
eso,do not die, my brother!
kechizu,elder brother!
kugisaki,i have not shown you this one yet, have i?
kugisaki,hairpin.
kugisaki,do not worry.
kugisaki,i will be sending your older  brother to join you soon.
eso,kechizu...
choso,we three are one.
eso,i am sorry, elder brother.
eso,even though i was with him...
kugisaki,why is not this thing vanishing?
kugisaki,is it still alive?
kugisaki,no!
kugisaki,it is not a cursed spirit!
kugisaki,it has a physical body!
mana,watch it!
mana,christ.
manb,s-sawamura-san?!
eso,speed up.
eso,hit the brakes and you are dead.
eso,both you and him.
eso,got it?
eso,do not follow me, jujutsu sorcerer.
eso,once i heal my wounds,
eso,i will make sure to kill these two,  especially that woman.
eso,i am sorry, kechizu...
eso,i was not able to mourn you.
eso,but i will get revenge for—
eso,what is that woman doing?
yuji,kugisaki!
kugisaki,do not rush me!
kugisaki,straw doll technique:
kugisaki,resonance!
nanami,once they land a black flash,
,sorcerers temporarily enter  a state athletes call "the zone."
eso,damn it!
eso,it was not a technique to  turn the curse on the user?!
yuji,sorry.
yuji,that hurt.
mahito,geto, the stock certificate.
geto,what is the matter, choso?
mahito,hurry up.
mahito,hey! do not break the pieces!
choso,my younger brothers died.
geto,you can tell?
choso,what is going on?
choso,it is one thing if he was fully manifested,
choso,but i find it hard to believe those two were  killed by a single finger of a cursed spirit.
mahito,jeez, do we have any more?
geto,hold on.
mahito,why are not there spares?
mahito,and why did you break it?
geto,we just received a report.
geto,eso and kechizu were killed
mahito,jeez.
geto,by the first-years of jujutsu high...
geto,itadori yuji and his group.
phone,the number you have dialed is—
nitta,i knew it! they are not answering!
nitta,where did those brats go?!
yuji,kugisaki, you okay?
kugisaki,oh, yeah.
kugisaki,though it might leave scars.
kugisaki,i wonder if those old guys are all right.  their truck's gone, too.
kugisaki,the poison's...
kugisaki,well, if we head home now,  i wonder if shoko-san'll be awake.
kugisaki,and i wonder if she will be sober...
kugisaki,what are you fidgeting for? it is creepy.
yuji,i was wondering if this was your first time
yuji,killing instead of exorcising.
kugisaki,what about you?
yuji,i did it once before...
yuji,no, i guess it is not fair to call it once.
yuji,it was three people.
kugisaki,i think you are doing worse than me here.
kugisaki,to be blunt, this was nothing to me.
kugisaki,these things happen when you are a sorcerer.
kugisaki,i am no fushiguro,
kugisaki,but ultimately, there are only  so many people we can save.
kugisaki,there are only so many seats open in my life,
kugisaki,and i do not want to let my heart be swayed  by anyone who is not sitting in one of them.
kugisaki,is that mean?
kugisaki,of course, there are also people like you  who bring their own seat and sit down.
kugisaki,it might not mean much,
kugisaki,but we did not have room to worry about  whether they were cursed spirits or curse users.
kugisaki,even if they were human,
kugisaki,we do not have a technique to keep anyone  that strong restrained long-term.
kugisaki,you know that, right?
yuji,but he cried when he saw  his brother die before him.
kugisaki,i see.
yuji,i am happy that you and i  were spared and are still alive.
yuji,it is a big relief.
yuji,but tears were she would over  the lives i ended tonight.
yuji,that is all.
kugisaki,i see.
kugisaki,in that case, we are accomplices.
both,f-fushiguro?!
fushiguro,oh, you are back.
fushiguro,i am glad you are safe.
both,i-i was so scared!
both,i thought you were dead!
both,thank goodness!
fushiguro,could you lower your voices?
fushiguro,my head hurts.
kugisaki,do not go to sleep with sukuna's finger  in your hand. that is dangerous.
fushiguro,how do you know about the finger?
kugisaki,you have the energy to ask about that?
fushiguro,nope.
fushiguro,just contact nitta-san for now.
fushiguro,we need to get it sealed at once.
fushiguro,cursed spirits are approaching.
yuji,should i eat it?
kugisaki,it is not leftovers.
fushiguro,we do not have a clear idea of  how many fingers you can handle.
fushiguro,so do not eat it.
fushiguro,but i will hand it over to you,  since you have the most energy.
fushiguro,i will say this again, though. do not eat it.
yuji,he thinks i have the intelligence of a dog.
both,we just said not to eat it!
yuji,huh? me?!
yuji,this guy seriously...
yuji,he hardly did any work this time, either!
gojo,the sukuna within you will tell us where  the fingers are to try to regain his power.
yuji,is gojo-sensei just winging it?
fushiguro,you just now realized?
nitta,hey! you three!
nitta,what have you three been doing?!
yuji,oh, nitta-san.
nitta,you would not answer my calls!
kugisaki,she is lost it.
nitta,what is the big idea?!
yuji,well, shall we go home?
nitta,did not you learn that communication,  consulting, and reporting are important?!
kugisaki,i am hungry.
nitta,are you listening to me?! hey, you!
kugisaki,i wonder if there is a  splendid sushi around here.
yuji,splendid sushi's bullet train  was awesome, was not it?
kugisaki,shut up.
gojo,man, it was not just a cursed spirit with a finger.
gojo,when we analyzed the  corpses, what a surprise!
gojo,it was the manifestation of the other goods.
gojo,they each took out one special-grade!
gojo,this year's first-years  are the cream of the crop!
gojo,it must be my skill as an instructor.
utahime,i do not want any long chats  with you on my day off.
utahime,you are calling about arrangements  for the drinking party, right?
gojo,well, find any candidates?
utahime,none.
utahime,everyone is busy, even myself.
utahime,what now? should i try  asking the students, too?
gojo,i am a lightweight, so i do not mind  if the party's alcohol-free.
gojo,i am counting on you to  keep reaching out to people.
,iori utahime
gojo,we never know what might be  listening around utahime, after all.
gojo,i do not want to think about one  of the students being the traitor.
gojo,this is such a pain.
,payment for: gojo satoru
,enter password to verify
,password
,confirm payment
gojo,well, i will leave the rest to you, mei-san.
,payment complete
,the payment has been sent.
,gojo satoru
fushiguro,do not talk about them  resonating with itadori.
kugisaki,are you certain about that?
fushiguro,nearly positive. the case is over, though.
fushiguro,the only ones likely to notice
fushiguro,are us and nitta-san.
fushiguro,itadori...
eso,and sukuna's manifestation  was only the trigger.
fushiguro,the curse of yasohachi bridge could  have started killing at any moment.
fushiguro,besides, he swallowed that  first finger to save me.
fushiguro,but there is no way he would be  satisfied with just that.
fushiguro,so do not tell him.
kugisaki,i will not say anything.
kugisaki,do not underestimate a lady's consideration.
sukuna,it is your fault!
sukuna,you took me in.
sukuna,and now the severed parts  of my soul have awakened.
sukuna,to save lots of people, was it?
sukuna,brat!
,people are going to die because you live!
yuji,hey... do not say that to fushiguro.
fushiguro,but what are you going to do when someone  you saved kills someone else in the future?
yuji,do not you dare say it.
toge,mustard leaf.
panda,what is wrong? your movements  are not as sharp today.
panda,did you get weaker?
maki,shut up!
maki,i lost my edge after all that bed rest!
panda,anyway, did you hear about the first-years?
maki,yeah.
maki,they took out three special-grades, right?
toge,salmon.
maki,then...
maki,we cannot fall behind, either.
toge,roe.
panda,yeah!
panda,hey! you were serious that time!
maki,it would not be good training  if i was not serious.
toge,kelp.
gakuganji,even among sorcerers,
,the rank of special-grade is a  position beyond the normal scope.
gakuganji,it is my belief that first-grades
,are the ones who ought to lead other  sorcerers and the jujutsu world.
gakuganji,the danger, confidential information, and pay
gakuganji,that they deal with is nothing like  what those semi-first-grade and below do.
gakuganji,so with that in mind,  what did you just say?
meimei,zen'in maki,
meimei,panda...
todo,fushiguro megumi,
todo,kugisaki nobara,
todo,and my brother, itadori yuji.
todo,these are the five that i,  by my name as todo aoi...
meimei,...and i, by my name as mei mei...
both,...recommend for first grade.
yuji,i think you are just buying way too much.
kugisaki,half of that is yours, right?
yuji,only this one is mine!
kugisaki,drop even one... and you are dead!
yuji,r-right...
kugisaki,i just said you are dead  if you drop even one!
yuji,i am sorry! it was not on purpose!
yuji,you just have too many!
kugisaki,what are you going to do  if they are damaged?!
fushiguro,this is fushiguro.
fushiguro,yes.
yuji,just go back and get another!
fushiguro,yeah.
fushiguro,all right. see you.
kugisaki,what?
fushiguro,gojo-sensei said to come.
kugisaki,huh? why?
fushiguro,a mission.
fushiguro,a top secret one.
kugisaki,what?
,did not we just finish taking care of one?
yuji,why not?
yuji,gojo-sensei's saying it is top secret.
yuji,so it must be big.
kugisaki,he says that pretty often.
fushiguro,he says it all the time.
yuji,yeah, but so what?
yuji,let us go.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,to be continued