sign,tokyo metropolitan jujutsu technical high school
machineblue,cold
kugisaki,could not they put in a few  more vending machines?
fushiguro,they cannot. there are only so many  workers who can come in here.
panda,huh?
panda,where are the first-years?
maki,on errands.
toge,bonito flakes.
panda,will they be okay?
toge,salmon.
maki,they are not three years old.
maki,they can handle an errand run.
panda,no, that is not what i mean.
panda,it is today, right?
panda,the day kyoto's principal comes.
panda,to go over the exchange event.
toge,tuna.
panda,satoru's fighting with the higher-ups  because they arranged for
,the first-years to get dispatched  on that special-grade case, right?
panda,and the principal of kyoto is  one of those higher-ups, is not he?
panda,so if they run into each other...
maki,the first-year they were  targeting, itadori, is dead.
maki,i doubt he has any plans to do  anything about the other two.
maki,besides, the old man from kyoto  will not because a scene in broad daylight.
toge,salmon.
panda,an instructor might have  his position to worry about,
panda,but that is not the case for the students.
maki,are you saying mai is coming?
panda,it is just a guess.
panda,students are not necessary for a meeting.
panda,but still...
panda,they love harassing us, right?
panda,both toudou and mai.
fushiguro,what are you doing here, zenin-senpai?
kugisaki,oh, she is one, too?
kugisaki,they do seem similar. are they sisters?
fushiguro,they are twins.
mai,do not call me that, fushiguro-kun.
mai,you make me sound the same as maki.
mai,call me mai.
toudou,so these are the pinch hitters  for okkotsu and the third-years?
mai,we came here with the principal  because we were worried about you.
mai,your classmate died, right?
mai,was that rough?
mai,or did you think nothing of it?
fushiguro,what are you trying to say?
mai,it is okay.
mai,some things are hard to say out loud.
mai,so i will say it for you.
mai,"vessel" makes it sound nice,
mai,but it just means he was a half-curse monster.
mai,having such a tainted,  inhuman being beside you
mai,brazenly calling himself a jujutsu  sorcerer must have been revolting, right?
mai,are not you feeling better  now that he is dead?
toudou,mai, do not bring up such pointless topics.
toudou,i am only here to see if these guys  are fit to take okkotsu's place.
toudou,that is all i want to know.
toudou,fushiguro, was it?
toudou,what kind of woman is your type?
toudou,depending on your answer,
toudou,i will beat you half to death right here
toudou,and drag okkotsu, or at least the  third-years, out to the exchange event.
toudou,by the way, my type is a  tall woman with a big ass!
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 8:  boredom
screen,episode 8:  boredom
fushiguro,why do i have to talk about
fushiguro,my taste in women with a guy i just met?
kugisaki,he is right. that is a tall hurdle  for an antisocial guy.
fushiguro,you be quiet.
fushiguro,this is confusing enough already. you will just make it more complicated.
toudou,kyoto, third-year, toudou aoi.
toudou,introduction over.
toudou,now we are friends.
toudou,hurry up and answer.  if you prefer men, that is fine, too.
toudou,a person's fetishes reflect  everything about them.
toudou,people with boring taste in women  are boring people themselves.
toudou,and i hate boring men.
toudou,the exchange event is where my soul can  be free as blood boils and flesh clashes.
toudou,who knows what i might do if my  last exchange event ends up boring me?
kugisaki,hey, are not the jujutsu tech  schools four-year schools?
fushiguro,only third-years and under  can join the exchange event.
kugisaki,huh...
toudou,as a show of kindness, i will let you  off only half-dead right now.
toudou,answer me, fushiguro.
toudou,what kind of woman is your type?
fushiguro,is this some kind of comedy routine?
kugisaki,is that your summer uniform?
kugisaki,ticks me off, but it is nice.
fushiguro,kugisaki's unarmed. i would rather avoid confrontation.
tsumiki,not forgiving people is not a bad thing.
tsumiki,that is just part of your kindness, is not it?
fushiguro,i do not have a particular preference.
fushiguro,as long as she has unshakable  character, i will not ask for more.
kugisaki,not a bad answer.
kugisaki,if you had said something like  "big boobs," i would have killed you.
fushiguro,shut up.
toudou,i knew it.
toudou,you are boring, fushiguro.
kugisaki,fushiguro!
mai,poor fushiguro-kun.
mai,even a talented  second-grade jujutsu sorcerer
mai,is nothing more than a first-year  against the top-grade toudou-senpai.
mai,i will have to comfort him later.
kugisaki,i thought you two were similar,  but that is not the case at all.
kugisaki,maki-san's a hundred times prettier.
kugisaki,are you not sleeping enough?  you have got open pores.
mai,i will teach you...
mai,how to speak to others.
toudou,i knew at first glance
toudou,that you were a boring guy.
toudou,but you should not judge a  person by their looks, right?
toudou,so i went out of my way to ask you,
toudou,but you just trampled on my kindness.
fushiguro,is your brain as pineapple as your head?
fushiguro,toudou... that toudou?
fushiguro,the one involved in last year's
fushiguro,unprecedented jujutsu terror attack caused by the curse user, getou—
sign,kabuki-cho first street
fushiguro,the night parade of a hundred demons  from kyoto to shinjuku.
fushiguro,the one who exorcised a special-grade and five first-grade cursed spirits
fushiguro,by himself when the parade appeared in kyoto?
fushiguro,that toudou?
fushiguro,still, there are several first-grade  sorcerers capable of beating a special-grade.
fushiguro,what is shocking is...
fushiguro,i heard you do not use cursed techniques.
toudou,huh? oh, that rumor's false.
toudou,i used them against the special-grade.
fushiguro,he does not use them against first-grades?!
fushiguro,is he a monster?!
fushiguro,that is a relief to hear.
fushiguro,nue, plus gama!
fushiguro,bottomless well.
fushiguro,i am up against a hardcore  close-range fighter.
fushiguro,i will keep my distance and restrain him.
fushiguro,he is fast!
fushiguro,that was not his full speed earlier?!
toudou,flimsy and shallow...
toudou,both your body
toudou,and your taste in women!
fushiguro,damn it!
fushiguro,his power is insane!
toudou,i am not finished yet!
toudou,you are always
toudou,so boring!
toudou,i barely feel any intention to fight.
fushiguro,i have been holding back, and you are so proud?
fushiguro,if you are going to insist like that...
fushiguro,then i will show you.
toudou,bring it!
toge,do not move.
panda,what are you two doing?!
panda,whew, just barely safe.
toge,bonito flakes.
panda,okay, i guess that might actually be an out.
toudou,long time no see, panda.
panda,why cannot you just wait  until the exchange event?
panda,go on home, or i will start screaming, "no!"
toudou,you do not have to tell me to go home.
toudou,where did i put my jacket?
toudou,looks like i will not be bored the whole time.
,give okkotsu a message for me:  "you take part, too."
panda,what a pain.
panda,i panda. i no understand human speech.
toge,salmon.
mai,if you want to continue as a jujutsu sorcerer,  learn to choose who you pick a fight with.
maki,what are you doing to our errand runner, mai?
mai,oh, my. you are such a loser,  i did not even notice you, maki.
maki,we are both equally losers, you know.
maki,all you can do is imbue objects  with cursed energy,
maki,and you have got shit for cursed techniques.
mai,better than having no cursed energy at all.
mai,my neck gets sore looking up  at others all the time,
mai,so i need to look down on someone  like you every so often.
maki,ah, forget it. we are both at  rock bottom, and it is pathetic.
maki,nobara, can you stand?
mai,no way.
mai,she will not be getting up for a while.
mai,i hurt her pretty good...
mai,what? you want to fight?
kugisaki,nice support, maki-san!
kugisaki,you put a bunch of holes  in my brand new tracksuit.
kugisaki,leave that uniform of yours behind. i will make it my own summer uniform!
mai,i will put holes in your body next time.
mai,also, you would not be able to wear  this with those long legs of yours—
kugisaki,leave it!
toudou,we are leaving, mai.
kugisaki,what?! no way...
toudou,oh, there is my jacket.
kugisaki,where is fushiguro?
maki,do not worry. the others are with him.
toudou,looks like you are having fun.
mai,quit joking! i am just getting started!
toudou,no, you are not.
toudou,unlike you, i still have  important business here in tokyo.
toudou,my personal handshake with takada-chan!
ticket,5 min
ticket,8th single "youth mineral" release celebration
ticket,takada-chan
screen,tall idol takada-chan
all,uh-huh...
toudou,who knows what i might do if i miss my  transfer and cannot make it to the event hall?
toudou,come with me, mai.
mai,ugh! you are so selfish!
toudou,cannot believe i lost the lottery  for the usual one in kyoto.
mai,do not go thinking you will get off  this easy at the exchange event.
kugisaki,quit acting like you won!
kugisaki,leave your uniform behind, damn it!
maki,cut it out, idiot.
maki,winning or losing here hardly matters.
maki,we will beat them up at the exchange event.
kugisaki,hey, maki-san...
kugisaki,is what she said true?  that you do not have cursed energy?
maki,it is true.
maki,so i cannot even see curses  without these glasses.
maki,that is why i use cursed tools.
maki,they already have curses imbued in them.
maki,i cannot pour my own cursed energy  into them to do things like you all do.
kugisaki,like that thing he gave itadori?
kugisaki,then why are you a jujutsu sorcerer?
maki,to spite them.
maki,i cannot wait to see the looks on my family's faces when i become a bigshot sorcerer,
maki,after all the years they have  spent looking down on me.
maki,come on, let us hurry over to see shouko-san.
kugisaki,i respect you, maki-san.
maki,that so?
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
gakuganji,is yaga here yet?
gakuganji,the time of an old man close  to death does not come cheap.
gojou,principal yaga will not be coming for a while.
gakuganji,oh?
gojou,he was given a false schedule.
gojou,after some threats to ijichi.
gojou,thank you for the other day,  principal gakuganji.
gakuganji,oh? what other day would that be?
gojou,do not play dumb with me, old man.
gojou,i am referring to the case with itadori yuuji.
gojou,as head of the conservatives,  you were involved too, correct?
gakuganji,my goodness, youth these days...
gakuganji,do not you know how to be polite?
gojou,i never had any intention of respecting you.
gojou,elders these days love to act important,  and it is so annoying, honestly.
miwa,hey.
miwa,your conduct is problematic.
miwa,i will be reporting you to  the relevant authorities.
miwa,oh, man!
miwa,it is gojou satoru in person!  gojou satoru in person!
gojou,feel free.
gojou,i do not plan to chat for long.
miwa,he spoke! he spoke to me!
gojou,last night, i was attacked by two  unregistered special-grade cursed spirits.
gakuganji,oh? that is unfortunate.
gojou,do not get me wrong here.
gojou,to me, it was about like being coerced  into taking a survey in the city.
miwa,so cool!
gojou,the two cursed spirits were  capable of communication,
gojou,and they probably have  allies who are just as strong.
gojou,it is not just our enemies, either.
gojou,hakari, okkotsu, and your toudou...
gojou,the level of our students has risen  drastically in recent years, as well.
gojou,then there was last year's  incident with getou suguru...
gojou,and now, the appearance of sukuna's vessel.
gakuganji,what are you trying to say?
gojou,you do not know?
gojou,the wave of power you guys  have been trying to hold back
gojou,with your pointless status and traditions
gojou,has grown bigger than you can handle  and is now descending upon us.
gojou,you will not be able to measure
gojou,the coming age with the  classification of "special-grade."
gojou,if you think i am the only  one who will be fighting back,
gojou,you are going to get hurt, old man.
gakuganji,i think you are getting a bit out of line.
gojou,oh, scary!
gojou,well, that is all i wanted to say.  i will be going now.
gojou,oh, principal yaga will be  coming in about two hours.
gojou,later!
miwa,two hours?!
gakuganji,miwa, would you go buy me some tea?
miwa,yes, sir.
miwa,excuse me.
miwa,if i can catch up to him, i will get  him to take a picture with me!
sign,takada-chan personal handshake event
toudou,give me a taka-tan beam, please!
takada,okay, here i go!
takada,tan, taka-tan!
staff,time's up.
screen,one month later
screen,log\h\h\h\h\h——\h\h\hseptember 2018
screen,kanagawa prefecture, kawasaki city
screen,kinema cinema
signbottom,ticket sales
signdoor,now showing
signhalldoor,playing
screen,after the showing,
screen,three high school boys'
screen,disfigured corpses were discovered by staff
screen,because of death: increased cranial pressure and
screen,respiratory paralysis due to cranial deformity
junpei,excuse me...
junpei,did you do that?
junpei,in the theater?
mahito,wow. you can see me?
nanami,it is a gruesome sight.
nanami,are you ready to witness it, itadori-kun?
miwa,thank you so much!
gojou,you are welcome.
miwa,i got a photo!
gakuganji,my tea?
miwa,ah!
screen&three,juju stroll
sign,personal handshake event
sign,event hall
fan,hey, that hot lady is looking  at us like we are garbage!
fan,do not get turned on.
toudou,mai, sorry to keep you waiting.
toudou,what is wrong?
toudou,did something unpleasant happen?
mai,why do not you ask yourself that?
toudou,so this moment has finally come...
mai,huh?
ticket,5 min
ticket,8th single "youth mineral" release celebration
ticket,takada-chan
mai,what is this?
toudou,for the next handshake event.
toudou,you should go experience how  wonderful takada-chan is in person.
mai,it is just plain annoying.
toudou,this is my duty as a fan...  as a future husband.
mai,that is just plain creepy.
mai,but if i reject his offer,  he will get even more annoying.
toudou,what is the matter?
mai,yeah, sure.
staff,huh?!
takada,wow, a girl!
takada,it is your first time, right?
mai,yeah.
takada,what is your name?
mai,mai.
takada,mai-chan, are you tired?
takada,did you wait long?
mai,it was more the people than the line...
takada,then come back again  when you are feeling better.
takada,i will remember you, mai-chan.
toudou,you are back, mai?
toudou,how was it?
mai,fine.
toudou,true, takada-chan is not a woman  that can so easily be put into words.
mai,she is not bad...
screen,episode 9: small fry and reverse retribution