jogo,i knew.
jogo,i knew he was stronger.
jogo,but to think it was to this extent!
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
fushiguro,he is this fast without any cursed energy?
fushiguro,he must be the perfected form of maki-san.
fushiguro,focus!
fushiguro,thanks to inumaki-senpai,  all the normal people
fushiguro,and transfigured humans are out of the way.
fushiguro,visualize it!
fushiguro,visualize how to beat this guy!
fushiguro,visualize winning!
fushiguro,fleeing hares!
fushiguro,that sensation was sukuna's fingers!
fushiguro,what the hell is happening here in shibuya?!
fushiguro,he charged through on pure instinct!
fushiguro,shit! i no longer have the cursed energy  to use domain expansion, either!
screen,23:01         shibuya stream
panda,kusakabe, are not we done  with the interiors yet?
panda,they might still be in the veil,
panda,but thanks to toge,  everyone is been evacuated,
panda,so let us head to satoru.
panda,how do we get to floor b5 from here?
panda,toge said the news about him being  sealed is real, so let us hurry!
kusakabe,gojo this, gojo that.
kusakabe,gojo is not the only person in the world!
kusakabe,who knows who might be trembling in  a nook of shibuya right this very instant?
kusakabe,imagine if it were some young  elementary school girls.
kusakabe,how would you feel if we overlooked them?
kusakabe,it would not be an  exaggeration to say we were
kusakabe,responsible for snuffing  out such a bright future!
panda,m-maybe you are right.
kusakabe,if you understand, then get to scouring  every building, every floor,
kusakabe,and behind all the toilets, you dumbass!
kusakabe,this is bad.
kusakabe,i am running out of room for excuses.
kusakabe,i definitely do not want to go near floor b5.
kusakabe,i would much prefer to wander  around like this and waste time.
kusakabe,because i do not want to die!
kusakabe,if panda knew how to get there,  he would run off for floor b5 on his own.
kusakabe,i want to avoid that, too!
kusakabe,because i do not want to be  left here alone right now!
kusakabe,he might be a panda, but he has  more of a human heart than i do.
kusakabe,but because he is a panda, he has no  sense of his surroundings here in shibuya.
kusakabe,he has not even noticed that we are  already super close to floor b5.
panda,i will go look over there!
kusakabe,yeah, be thorough about it!
kusakabe,maybe i will pretend to be lost  in the station next.
kusakabe,this huge bundle of cursed  energy keeps appearing
kusakabe,and disappearing from  the culprits who sealed gojo.
kusakabe,no way i am touching that.  that would be stupid.
negi,you are sorcerers from jujutsu high, right?
negi,surrender.
negi,i do not want to kill sorcerers  if i do not have to.
kusakabe,panda.
panda,i count three behind him,  probably more in hiding.
kusakabe,i do not want to get murdered, either,  but i cannot just roll over and say yes.
kusakabe,so why do not we have a chat?
kusakabe,a nice, long one.
fushiguro,the longer this goes, the worse off i am!
fushiguro,i will have to risk a short, decisive battle!
fushiguro,the one advantage i do have...
shoko,principal. i have your cursed corpses  with me, so i will be fine on my own.
screen,22:51         shuto expressway no. 3 shibuya route \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hshibuya tollbooth
yaga,you know that is not enough.
yaga,the moment they learn about  this place, they will target it.
yaga,now even satoru is capable of healing others  with his reverse cursed technique.
yaga,ino and ijichi would both  be dead if you were not here.
shoko,that was thanks to your  quick judgment, principal.
shoko,if we would waited for nanami to call for me,  we would not have made it in time.
shoko,allowing nanami to operate freely  has been a major boon.
yaga,i thought you had quit smoking?
shoko,i am recalling the days when  i was a student for a bit.
fushiguro,...is that ieiri-san is close by!
fushiguro,so it is okay to push my  body further than i should!
fushiguro,i just need to settle this  with only injuries she can heal!
fushiguro,i have narrowed down his paths!
fushiguro,but his speed is on par  with sukuna from that time.
fushiguro,do not try to follow him by sight!  just focus on the timing!
fushiguro,if i mess up the timing, i am dead.
fushiguro,if i mess up the timing,
fushiguro,i am dead!
fushiguro,damn it!
toji,you know my brat?
toji,he is totally got it all.
toji,i would not mind giving him to you once his  technique becomes clear at age five or six.
toji,depending on how much you will pay, of course.
toji,if he has the hereditary  technique, i will take eight,
toji,and i will take seven for anything else.
naobito,hah!
naobito,if he has the hereditary  technique, i will pay you ten.
toji,even if that place was a trash dump to me,
toji,it should be much better for  him since he has the talent.
toji,not that i care anymore.
toji,not that i care at all.
mother,please take care of megumi.
toji,hey, you.
toji,what is your name?
fushiguro,fushiguro?
toji,it is not zen'in?
toji,i am glad.
fushiguro,what the hell was that about?
fushiguro,enough worrying about that now.
fushiguro,i need to make haste to ieiri-san.
fushiguro,no, i should make sure maki-san  and the others are safe first...
shigemo,see, see? this is it!
shigemo,this is what i am suited to!
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
nanako,cooperate with that thing?
nanako,you mean for the sake of  reclaiming geto-sama's body, right?
negi,no.
negi,the true identity and goals of  that impostor may be unclear,
negi,but once the world is thrown into chaos,
negi,those non-sorcerer monkeys will  be the ones paying the price.
negi,being strong will be necessary for survival.
negi,the monkeys will be culled,
negi,sorcerers will propagate,
negi,and cursed spirits will disappear.
negi,that is the world geto-sama longed for.
negi,that is why we will cooperate.
negi,i will not concern myself with the body.
negi,that is what it means  to inherit his ambition.
nanako,do not go making this all  mixed up and complicated.
nanako,i am telling you i will not stay quiet while
nanako,the man i loved is being  manipulated like a zombie!
nanako,geto-sama's story is finished.
nanako,i will not let anyone taint that!
suda,grow up already, nanako.
nanako,if you start going on
nanako,about grown-ups and children,  this conversation's over!
larue,hey!
larue,both of you, settle down.
larue,the one thing suguru-chan would want  least of all is for us to hurt each other.
larue,neither of you is wrong here.
larue,so let us agree this is where we part ways.
larue,we can each do as we please.
nanako,what will you do, larue?
larue,i will not take either side.
larue,same as miguel-chan.
larue,i just wanted to make  suguru-chan king, after all.
larue,but all of you, remember this.
larue,we are a family.
larue,someday, somewhere,  we will all share a meal together again.
suda,we are the ones carrying  on the will of geto-sama.
suda,if you are with jujutsu high,
suda,then nothing else needs to be said.
suda,will you surrender or not?
suda,i hate indecisive men.
panda,i am a panda, so that does not apply to me.
kusakabe,their chat was too short, damn it!
kusakabe,still, though...
kusakabe,with a group on this level?
kusakabe,it is too perfect.
kusakabe,i can take plenty of time just  fending them off and dragging this out.
kusakabe,new shadow style iai, evening moon.
negi,so that is your answer?
sukuna,this is your reward for the fingers. come at me.
sukuna,if you manage to land even  a single blow on me,
sukuna,i will work under you all.
sukuna,for starters, how about  i slaughter every human in shibuya?
sukuna,except for one.
sukuna,is that all you have got...
jogo,not yet!
sukuna,...cursed spirit?!
jogo,geto, how strong would you say  i am in terms of sukuna's fingers?
geto,a generous estimation would be  about eight or nine fingers.
jogo,i knew.
jogo,i knew he was stronger.
jogo,i knew there was a gap in our strength.
jogo,but to think it was to this extent!
sukuna,the moonlight's shining all the way through.
sukuna,it is helping me see your  pathetic state more clearly.
sukuna,come on, now. keep trying.
sukuna,i will play along with you again  and again until i tire of this.
kusakabe,it is dangerous to remain here any longer!
kusakabe,time to run!
negi,where are you going?!
kusakabe,listen, you!
kusakabe,listen up, you curse users!
kusakabe,i do not know why, but a couple of  special-grades are fighting each other!
kusakabe,a bunch of elephants are now  tap-dancing on top of ants!
kusakabe,and just to be clear, we are the ants!
panda,hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!
jogo,supreme art:
jogo,meteor!
kusakabe,new shadow style:
kusakabe,quick draw!
kusakabe,panda!
kusakabe,let us hurry up and run!
sukuna,you will not.
sukuna,i hereby forbid every person in a 100-meter  radius from moving until i say "now."
sukuna,and of course, i will kill anyone  who violates that rule.
sukuna,not yet.
sukuna,still not yet.
sukuna,now!
jogo,even sukuna should not escape that unharmed.
sukuna,if it had hit.
sukuna,why will not you use your domain?
jogo,i know i cannot win a  tug-of-war between domains.
sukuna,because that is how it went with satoru gojo?
sukuna,that is the epitome of a loser's spirit.
sukuna,though you have managed  to pique my interest.
sukuna,so i will fight you with your own specialty.
sukuna,■, fuga (open).
jogo,those are...
jogo,flames?!
jogo,i thought sukuna's technique  was severing and slicing...
sukuna,oh? i thought it was well-known,
sukuna,but i suppose you would not  know, cursed spirit.
sukuna,do not worry. i will not do anything  petty like revealing my technique.
sukuna,arm yourself.
sukuna,let us have a contest of firepower.
jogo,i am sorry, hanami, dagon.
hanami,there is still mahito.
hanami,humans fear and loathe death.
hanami,yet the ones standing  behind that are also humans.
hanami,to humans, death is a mirror.
hanami,and mahito is that mirror.
hanami,mahito will continue to grow stronger still.
hanami,that is why you placed him  at the top of our ranks, right?
jogo,we will no longer be the same as we  are now once we are reborn again.
jogo,yet even so, i will eagerly await  the day we meet again.
jogo,we are the true humans.
sukuna,what is this now?
sukuna,you wanted to become human?
sukuna,yeah, i know.
sukuna,you do not want to actually be human.  you want their position.
sukuna,is that about right?
sukuna,even when i understand it, that is so dumb.
sukuna,packs of humans. packs of curses.
sukuna,all of you get together and measure  your worth against each other,
sukuna,driving all of you to grow  weaker and stunted.
sukuna,you should have burnt everything down.
sukuna,burnt everything around you,  without calculations or plots.
sukuna,casting aside race, future, everything...  until you finally reached satoru gojo.
sukuna,that hunger to seize your ideals
sukuna,is what you were lacking.
jogo,maybe you are right.
sukuna,still, you managed to entertain me a bit.
sukuna,i fought humans, sorcerers,  and cursed spirits a thousand years ago,
sukuna,and you were still one of  the better ones i fought.
sukuna,be proud.
sukuna,you were strong.
jogo,what is this?
sukuna,good question.
sukuna,i would not know that.
sukuna,who are you?
uraume,i have come to welcome you,
uraume,sukuna-sama.
sukuna,uraume!
uraume,it is been a long time.
screen,23:07         dogenzaka, in front of shibuya 109
shigemo,oh, fuck you!
shigemo,damn it!
shigemo,wake up, you shitty sorcerer!
screen,episode 40 thunderclap
yuji,lately i see the internet talking about  mentos and soda, but is it really true?
kugisaki,why do you ask?
yuji,i am pretty sure i happened to eat a mentos  while drinking soda at least once when i was kid.
yuji,the fact that i do not remember it  means those videos must be fakes!
kugisaki,got it! eat up!
yuji,next time, "thunderclap, part 2."
screen,next episode thunderclap, part 2
both,see you next week!