yuji,there are so many of them!
yuji,i cannot just ignore them!
yuji,but i do not have time to rescue everyone!
yuji,what do i do?!
yuji,the station... and gojo-sensei...  are just up ahead, too!
toge,roe!
yuji,that vocabulary!
yuji,inumaki-senpai!
toge,salmon!
yuji,please help!
toge,salmon, salmon.
screen,episode 37 red scale
toge,do not move!
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
,22:10    shibuya station, interior
sign,it is dangerous
floor,tickets
pillar,automatic
choso,yuji itadori!
choso,my brothers' killer!
choso,convergence!
screen,convergence
narration,blood manipulation: "convergence"
narration,is a skill that involves applying pressure  to blood in order to compress it to its limit.
narration,the blood compressed with convergence
narration,is then released through a single point.
narration,the initial speed of this blood  enhanced with cursed energy
narration,well exceeds the speed  of sound when released.
narration,this secret art of blood  manipulation is called...
screen,piercing blood
choso,piercing blood.
choso,a double impact?
choso,what an odd technique.
choso,there is something
choso,i have to ask you.
choso,did my little brothers leave  behind any last words?
yuji,brothers?
choso,tsk.
choso,i am talking about the ones you two killed.
yuji,no, not really.
yuji,but...
yuji,they were crying.
choso,eso!
choso,kechizu!
choso,watch over me...
choso,this is your older brother!
yuji,shit...
yuji,he got distance on me again.
yuji,that beam of blood is too fast.
yuji,i have a 50/50 chance to dodge.
yuji,if my intuition is off and it hits my head...
yuji,i am dead.
yuji,then i should at least...
yuji,determine when he fires it myself.
choso,he is luring me out.
choso,fine, then.
yuji,i knew it!
yuji,that attack is only fast when first fired.
yuji,once i avoid it, i can lay on the pressure!
choso,supernova.
screen,supernova
choso,tsk.
choso,i got hasty.
choso,it was not compressed enough.
yuji,shit! this bastard...
yuji,is strong!
mechamaru,hey!
mechamaru,hey! what is the situation?
yuji,mechamaru! what have you been—
mechamaru,conserving energy.
mechamaru,there is still a lot i need to do.
mechamaru,choso! blood manipulation, huh?
yuji,you know about it?
mechamaru,he is using the same  cursed technique as kamo.
yuji,that thin-eyed third year, huh?
yuji,which means...
mechamaru,i do not know its weakness.
yuji,geh!
mechamaru,blood manipulation is treasured as one of  the kamo clan's hereditary techniques.
mechamaru,the reason for that is "convergence,"  which compresses blood with high pressure,
mechamaru,plus "piercing blood" and "blood blade,"  which are derived from that,
mechamaru,giving it a well-balanced response  in close, mid, and long range.
mechamaru,since choso will not bleed out,  he has no openings.
yuji,thanks for the critical infor—
mechamaru,i do not know its weakness,  but i do have an idea.
yuji,what is it?
mechamaru,first, flee into the restroom.
yuji,the restroom?! why?!
mechamaru,i will explain later.
mechamaru,there is maybe a 10% chance this works.
mechamaru,sorry, but if this fails,  brace yourself for death.
yuji,that is cruel.
mechamaru,at this rate, you will just get worn  down until you are killed anyway.
choso,idiot.
choso,that only leads to the  restrooms and the elevator.
choso,no matter which you run to,  you are trapped like a rat.
choso,what is that sound?
choso,this guy has beaten my brothers before.
choso,those two would not lose to some idiot.
choso,there is also that second voice  that suddenly appeared.
choso,it would be right to assume  he is planning something.
choso,do not let your guard down.
mechamaru,what is wrong?
mechamaru,not coming?
mechamaru,you are a coward, huh?
mechamaru,just like your brothers.
choso,i will kill you!
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
mechamaru,you really are just like them.
mechamaru,all three of you care  so much for each other.
mechamaru,it makes you easy to manipulate.
mechamaru,it is all gone well so far.
mechamaru,now it is up to chance,
mechamaru,yuji itadori!
choso,too bad.
choso,that was your last chance.
choso,you are the one with nowhere to run now!
choso,convergence dissolved?!
narration,in order to enhance the effects of  the blood manipulation technique,
narration,users constantly have the coagulation  properties of their blood turned off.
narration,as a result, choso's blood dissolves in  water more easily than that of others.
narration,on top of that, once exposed to water,
narration,the osmotic pressure causes the red blood  cells to expand and rupture their cell walls.
narration,this left him unable to control the blood  cells that comprise 45% of his blood,
narration,breaking his convergence.
narration,mechamaru's aim was on the mark.
narration,in that situation,
narration,it was impossible for choso to use  blood manipulation outside his own body.
choso,flowing red scale - stack.
narration,choso lacked combat experience,
narration,so he could not comprehend  what was happening to him.
narration,he just coldly accepted the new reality
narration,and conducted his blood  manipulation within his body.
yuji,i do not understand the reasoning.
yuji,there was not any opportunity for me to ask.
yuji,but i do know one thing.
yuji,i have dragged him into my turf!
yuji,i can win!
narration,choso had been keeping a clot of blood from being exposed and dissolving
narration,in the water as he strengthened  said clot with cursed energy
narration,and compressed the  coagulated lump to its limit,
narration,so the moment yuji itadori  was convinced of victory,
narration,it pierced his liver.
choso,blood manipulation: blood meteorite.
yuji,i screwed up! i assumed he could not  use any more projectiles!
yuji,what now? where was i hit?
yuji,this is not the same as when  i had a hole in my stomach!
yuji,it destroyed something  that should not be broken!
yuji,i am going to lose...
yuji,and die!
yuji,i understand what my role is.
yuji,fushiguro, kugisaki,
yuji,the other upperclassmen, all of them
yuji,will pass through here on  their way to gojo-sensei.
yuji,so even if i die, i am taking this guy out.
yuji,i do not have to be the one  to rescue gojo-sensei.
choso,three hits.
choso,a mere three hits,
choso,not counting the ones i guarded against.
choso,those blows i took from itadori  dealt this much damage to me...
choso,blood meteorite's only  strength is its hardness.
choso,it does not have the speed  or impact of piercing blood.
choso,if i had not caught him by surprise,  it would not have been able to pierce him.
narration,normally, blood manipulation sorcerers
narration,never coagulate blood like  he did for blood meteorite.
narration,even blood blade only  solidifies the outline and
narration,circulates blood at high speeds  to heighten its lethality.
narration,even those sorcerers with  blood manipulation cannot
narration,extend their concentration  to every blood vessel at once.
narration,so when they strongly coagulate their blood,
narration,it always poses the risk of  causing spontaneous thrombosis.
choso,bring it.
narration,however, choso decided the risk  posed by yuji itadori was far greater.
yuji,he is strong!
yuji,a tooth?!
yuji,it was a feint?!
yuji,not yet!
yuji,i have not used my left fist since the start.
yuji,he probably believes i cannot use it anymore.
yuji,so this attack using my  right fist as a distraction
yuji,will land!
yuji,what was that response i felt?
choso,too bad.
choso,he is still breathing.
choso,apologize...
choso,to my brothers in the afterlife!
sukuna,how worthless.
sukuna,losing to such riffraff.
choso,what?
narration,in that moment,
narration,memories flooded choso's mind.
screen,memories that did not exist.
narration,memories that did not exist.
yuji,hey!
yuji,you, too, brother!
choso,what is happening? you are...
nanako,there he is.
mimiko,he is alive, right?
nanako,yeah.
nanako,let us get this started, then.
kugisaki,moan-day?
fushiguro,monday.
kugisaki,tuesday!
yuji,mhmm!
kugisaki,weh-do-ness-day?
fushiguro,wednesday.
kugisaki,screw this!
yuji,next time, "fluctuations."
screen,next episode fluctuations
kugisaki,who the hell came up with these readings?!
fushiguro,someone smarter than you, dummy.