screen,q: what do you think of satoru gojo?
yuji,he is a teacher!
yuji,and without him, i would have been  executed by now, so he is also—
fushiguro,technically, he is my benefactor.
fushiguro,technically.
fushiguro,that also goes for other  people, too, not just me.
kugisaki,honestly, i do not know him all that well.
kugisaki,but there is one thing i can say for certain.
maki,he is an idiot.
panda,yeah, he is an idiot.
toge,salmon.
maki,but still...
nanami,he is flippant. egotistical.
toudou,and it goes without saying, but...
yuji,he is the strongest!
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
screen,episode 33 shibuya incident - gate, open
gojo,hey there, weed.
gojo,this is the third time we have met, right?
gojo,and you still underestimate  the hell out of me.
gojo,i will kill you first.
gojo,come on, bring it.
gojo,what is your problem?
gojo,you are the ones who said
gojo,not to run, right?
jogo,did he just touch—
gojo,one, two...
hanami,he is only targeting jogo.
hanami,so his earlier declaration  was just misdirection?
hanami,he is also...
hanami,stopped using his limitless technique!
jogo,no!
hanami,he is given up on adjusting his technique,
hanami,and started focusing on  compact attacks using
hanami,cursed energy manipulation in this  space that is filling up with humans?
hanami,however, that means there is  no need to slip into the crowd.
hanami,i can just use my technique!
jogo,do not dismiss domain amplification, hanami!
gojo,this is where you are weak, right?
gojo,i knew it.
gojo,you cannot use domain amplification and  your innate technique at the same time.
jogo,i remained safe only because i used  domain amplification to protect myself.
jogo,he is operating at this level with only basic  cursed energy manipulation and martial arts!
jogo,satoru gojo,
jogo,what is there that you are not capable of?!
choso,tsk.
gojo,he is not a cursed spirit.
gojo,i bet he is one of the incarnated  death painting wombs.
gojo,he is annoying, but he comes later.
gojo,are you sure about this?
gojo,the more you try to neutralize my technique  with your domain amplification,
gojo,the stronger i have to maintain my technique.
gojo,i do not think this asparagus has the  energy left to withstand that, do you?
jogo,wha—
jogo,satoru gojo!
jogo,look over here!
jogo,hanami...
gojo,next.
geto,the prison realm is a living barrier.
geto,it is what genshin was reduced to.
geto,there is nothing that cannot be  sealed in the prison realm.
jogo,then of course there are conditions  to sealing something in it, right?
geto,one minute.
jogo,huh?
geto,once the prison realm's gate is opened,
geto,we will have to keep satoru gojo  in its effective sealing range
geto,of four meters for one whole minute.
jogo,hey.
jogo,i will burn you to death!
jogo,you did not join forces with us just to push  that impossible task onto us, did you?
jogo,even the lives of several  thousand ignorant humans
jogo,would not be enough to warrant fighting  that thing under those conditions
jogo,for a full minute.
geto,you are getting heated up, jogo.
geto,it is all right.
geto,even though we do need a minute—
jogo,do not let hanami's death be in vain.
jogo,use the humans as cover,  and focus on hit-and-run tactics!
jogo,choso!
jogo,if you are not going to help,  i will kill you myself!
choso,yeah, yeah.
gojo,not too close, not too far.
gojo,but that is the best they can do.
gojo,the people who cannot see cursed  spirits have started avoiding me.
gojo,if their numbers keep declining  and space opens up,
gojo,then i can catch volcano head.
gojo,no more releasing my technique  to lure it in like before.
gojo,i have revealed my goal of beating  them to a pulp in close combat,
gojo,and it will be an issue if it keeps  its distance and coordinates with
gojo,that death painting to unleash  a big attack through the crowd.
gojo,i am sorry. i cannot save everyone.
gojo,so i promise to exorcise them instead!
jogo,it is still not time?!
jogo,it has to have been over  twenty minutes by now!
geto,not yet.
geto,satoru gojo's still completely composed.
geto,we need him much more on edge.
sign,meiji shrine (harajuku)
yuji,hey, are you oka—
woman,everyone got turned into monsters...
woman,and got on the train...
woman,i... i was told i was not needed  because the train was full!
yuji,so he was here!
yuji,damn it!
yuji,everyone...
yuji,...got on the train?
announcer,an eight-car train is pulling in.
announcer,please wait behind the yellow line.
yuji,gojo-sensei!
announcer,please do not lean on the platform doors  or reach your hands or face past them.
people,train's here!
people,we are saved!
jogo,it is here!
people,hey!
people,what is this?!
people,ow!
people,it is a train!
people,move!
people,i am getting in!
man,what are you doing?!
woman,what do we do?!
woman,right?
woman,wait!
gojo,what the hell are they thinking?
mahito,jogo!
mahito,man, the air smells so nice here.
mahito,it is full of fear.
mahito,let us leave a few humans alive after all.
mahito,we can release them into the woods  on weekends and go hunting!
jogo,can i burn the forest down with them in it?
mahito,hanami'll get mad over that.
jogo,hanami is dead.
mahito,seriously?
,what...?
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
mahito,i really cannot hit you!
gojo,patchface!
gojo,the one nanami and yuji talked about?!
mahito,let me tell you one of the  gross things about humans.
mahito,there are too many of them!
gojo,so there are either cursed spirits  or curse users above us, too.
choso,blood manipulation: convergence.
mahito,idle transfiguration: soul multiplicity.
choso,supernova.
mahito,body repel.
mahito,satoru gojo is not like yuji itadori.
mahito,i know he is capable of cold logic.
mahito,he probably assumes  some degree of sacrifice
mahito,is needed as he makes certain to exorcise us.
mahito,but with both the death count and  the number of living people rising,
mahito,the scales determining what degree  is acceptable can no longer function.
jogo,what you need to do right now
jogo,is use your infinite void to  kill us and all the people here
jogo,so you can save the people  outside of your domain.
jogo,but you are incapable of doing that.
jogo,because the sacrifices  you are willing to accept
jogo,are "people killed by cursed spirits,"
jogo,not "people killed by satoru gojo."
jogo,now, think.
jogo,ponder it.
jogo,focus your mind!
mahito,for real?
gojo,domain expansion:
gojo,infinite void.
narrator,it was a desperate gamble on a domain  expansion lasting two tenths of a second.
narrator,two tenths of a second was the limit  satoru gojo set purely on instinct.
narrator,it was the amount of time he believed
narrator,non-sorcerers could  withstand being in infinite void
narrator,without becoming vegetables  or facing after-effects.
narrator,during that two tenths of a second,
narrator,roughly half a year's worth  of information flowed into
narrator,the brains of the non-sorcerers  and transfigured humans present,
narrator,rendering every one of them  unconscious while standing upright.
narrator,however, all the survivors from b5f
narrator,were able to return to  society two months later.
narrator,that is how limited his infinite void was.
narrator,of course, that meant the special-grade  cursed spirits could reawaken at any moment.
narrator,so, with their potential  counterattack in mind,
narrator,satoru gojo narrowed his focus  on the transfigured humans.
narrator,after dismissing his domain,  the strongest sorcerer of the modern age
narrator,slaughtered all of the roughly 1,000  transfigured humans unleashed upon b5f
narrator,in 299 seconds.
geto,prison realm, gate open.
geto,it is all right.
geto,even though we do need a minute...
geto,hey,
geto,satoru.
gojo,huh?
geto,long time no see.
gojo,a fake?
gojo,a transformation technique?
gojo,no, it is really him!
geto,it is only a minute in satoru gojo's mind.
geto,you should not lose yourself in thought
geto,in the midst of battle, satoru.
gojo,i cannot sense any cursed energy.
gojo,i cannot get my body to move, either.
gojo,this is checkmate, huh?
gojo,so, who the hell are you?
geto,i am suguru geto.
geto,do not you remember me?
geto,how sad.
gojo,your body, your cursed energy...
gojo,all the information provided by these  eyes is telling me you are suguru geto.
gojo,but...
gojo,my soul is rejecting all that!
gojo,now, answer me already!
gojo,who the hell are you?!
geto,creepy.
geto,how could you tell?
geto,that is my technique, you see.
geto,i can pass from one body to another  by replacing its brain with myself.
geto,of course, i am also able to use the  technique etched into the body i inhabit.
geto,i really wanted this man's curse  manipulation and this situation, too.
geto,you did not have
geto,shoko ieiri handle the disposal of  suguru geto's body that day, did you?
geto,that was an odd time for  you to show consideration.
geto,but thanks to that, i was able  to obtain this body with ease.
geto,you need not worry.  i will release your seal eventually.
geto,a hundred... no, maybe  a thousand years from now?
geto,you are just too strong.
geto,and you are in the way of my plans.
gojo,hah! have you forgotten?
gojo,who was it that beat the crap out  of that body before i killed him?
geto,yuta okkotsu, huh?
geto,i just do not see as much appeal  in that boy as you do.
geto,copying techniques without any conditions,  and a bottomless well of cursed energy...
geto,both of those were just effects obtained
geto,from binding the soul of his  most beloved with a pact.
geto,sorry to say this,
geto,but yuta okkotsu can never replace you.
geto,goodnight, satoru gojo.
geto,we will meet again in the new world.
ui,what is the matter?
yuji,something in my ear.
mechamaru,can you hear me, yuji itadori?
yuji,huh?
mechamaru,there is no time.
mechamaru,listen and understand the first time.
mechamaru,satoru gojo has been sealed.
yuji,what do you think of skin care?
kugisaki,what? you are asking me that? not that i mind.
kugisaki,i do all kinds of things, but like,  it ultimately comes down to genetics.
kugisaki,i am sure those with pale, smooth skin
kugisaki,like gojo-sensei would say,  "i do not really do anything."
fushiguro,next time, "pandemonium."
screen,next episode pandemonium
kugisaki,so what do you actually do?
gojo,nothing, really.
kugisaki,grr!