ijichi,we have a bit of time before your  appointment with the principal.
ijichi,did you want to stop anywhere?
gojou,it is fine.
gojou,i will show up early for a change.
gojou,stop the car.
ijichi,huh? right here?
gojou,go on ahead.
ijichi,huh? a-are you testing me?
ijichi,you are not going to hit me if  i actually go on ahead, are you?
gojou,just what do you think i am?
ijichi,in that case...
gojou,now...
gojou,who are you?
jougo,that was easier than i expected.
gojou,who are you...
gojou,calling easy?
jougo,brat.
gojou,he is a cursed spirit, but he  can communicate clearly.
gojou,and the sheer amount of cursed energy...
gojou,an unregistered special-grade?
gojou,he is likely stronger than sukuna currently is.
gojou,special-grades are classified  as such because they are special.
gojou,having them pop up this frequently  throws everything off.
jougo,did i wound your pride?
gojou,nope.
gojou,i am starting to find this fun.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 7:  assault
screen,episode 7:  assault
jougo,finding this fun, you say?
jougo,no sense of danger at all.
gojou,he chose a place devoid of people?
gojou,no, he was avoiding other  sorcerers coming to back me up.
jougo,ember insects!
gojou,well, if you are coming  after me, you are right...
gojou,about having no sense of danger.
gojou,what happens if this hits me?
gojou,sound?
gojou,a two-stage attack of sound and explosions?
gojou,that is clever.
jougo,there is more!
jougo,that is all it took?
jougo,i took a look for myself, and it was  just an overestimation by the weak.
jougo,that human was just as fragile as the rest.
jougo,he was not living a life of truth.  it is all so nauseatingly repulsive.
jougo,i am going to go spread real strength,  the truth, through death.
gojou,we just went over this a moment ago.
gojou,cannot you even learn? ugh, this smoke...
jougo,what is the meaning of this?
gojou,to put it simply, you did not hit me.
jougo,impossible. that was not like before.
jougo,i know i touched you and killed you.
gojou,you touched the "infinity" that  exists between you and me.
gojou,i will show you.
gojou,put your hand out.
gojou,come on, come on.
gojou,come on, come on, come on.
jougo,no hostility? i guess i will see what it is about.
,see?
jougo,i cannot touch him?
jougo,it stops just before him.
jougo,this is infinity?
gojou,you are not exactly stopped,  but the closer you get, the slower you go.
gojou,so, what now?
gojou,we could just shake  hands like this, you know.
jougo,i refuse.
gojou,do not be shy, now.
gojou,you are making me embarrassed, too.
jougo,damn you!
jougo,he is fast!
jougo,it is not just a blow  strengthened by cursed energy!
jougo,what is this?!
jougo,i do not get it!
jougo,i have to know!
gojou,there is still more!
gojou,infinity exists everywhere.
gojou,my jujutsu just brings it forward in reality.
gojou,convergence, divergence...
gojou,what do you think happens  when one touchs this void?
,cursed technique reversal: red.
gojou,oh, this is perfect.
getou,you can try,
getou,but you will die, jougo.
jougo,it was not just talk.
jougo,no matter. if i cannot hit him,  i will just drag him into my domain.
jougo,where did he go?
gojou,sorry about that.
yuuji,where the heck?! hey, where are we?!
gojou,were you waiting?
jougo,that is...
jougo,sukuna's vessel?!
gojou,this is itadori yuuji-kun,  and he is here to watch.
yuuji,mt. fuji! his head's mt. fuji!
sam,i will protect you.
sam,i will never leave you.
frodo,sam...
gojou,wow, he learns surprisingly quick.
frodo,come on.
gojou,yuuji.
yuuji,gojou-sensei?
gojou,talking to him does not  because a problem, either.
yuuji,you need something?
gojou,looks like we will be able to increase his output  quickly and move on to the next stage soon.
gojou,we are heading out, yuuji.
yuuji,huh?
gojou,it is an extracurricular lesson.
gojou,i am going to teach you about the pinnacle  of jujutsu battles, domain expansion.
yuuji,why are not we sinking?!
yuuji,sensei, i was at the school  just ten seconds ago, right?
yuuji,what is going on here?
gojou,oh, we warped here.
yuuji,he has no intention of explaining.
jougo,sukuna's vessel...
jougo,so he really is alive.
getou,you have to render gojou  satoru incapable of fighting.
getou,the second is to get ryoumen sukuna  and itadori yuuji on your side.
jougo,i cannot kill itadori due to our future plans...
jougo,has he caught on to our goals?
jougo,what is the brat for? he a shield?
gojou,a shield? no, no.
gojou,i told you, he is here to watch.
gojou,i am in the middle of teaching  this boy lots of things.
gojou,do not worry about him. just keep fighting.
jougo,bringing in someone who will slow  you down just makes you a fool.
gojou,it will be fine. after all...
gojou,you are weak.
jougo,do not underestimate me, brat!
jougo,i am going to enjoy swallowing  up that smug face of yours!
yuuji,this guy...
yuuji,is weak?
yuuji,he is way more monstrous than any of  the monsters i have encountered so far!
gojou,you will be fine.
gojou,just stay close to me.
jougo,domain expansion!
yuuji,wh-what is this?!
jougo,coffin of the iron mountain!
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
yuuji,wh-what is this?!
gojou,this is domain expansion.
gojou,you use cursed energy to  construct an innate domain
yuuji,ow, hot!
yuuji,hot, hot, hot!
gojou,imbued with a cursed technique  in your surroundings.
yuuji,hot, hot, hot, hot, hot!
gojou,what you all experienced at  the juvenile detention center
,was an incomplete domain that had not  been imbued with any cursed techniques.
gojou,if that had been a proper domain,  all of you first-years would have died.
gojou,i think megumi understood that.
gojou,spreading out a domain  consumes a ton of energy,
gojou,but its merits are worth the cost.
gojou,one such benefit is the boost to  stats due to environmental factors.
yuuji,oh!
yuuji,like buffs in video games!
gojou,another is...
jougo,most sorcerers would have burned to ash  the moment they entered my domain!
gojou,...that the techniques imbued in the domain  are guaranteed to hit within that domain.
yuuji,guaranteed?!
gojou,guaranteed.
gojou,but do not worry. there are  several ways to deal with it.
gojou,you can take the hit using a  cursed technique, like just now, or...
gojou,i do not really recommend this one,
gojou,but you can go outside the domain.  that is usually impossible.
gojou,you can also...
jougo,if i neutralize that infinity  of yours with a dense domain,
jougo,then my techniques will reach you.
gojou,yeah, they will hit.
yuuji,huh? infinity?
jougo,give me the prison realm!
jougo,i will add it to my collection.
jougo,i came here half in jest.
jougo,i thought i would not care if i could not kill him.
jougo,but having this difference  between us thrust in my face...
jougo,on my pride as a cursed spirit,
jougo,as the new humanity,  this is completely unacceptable!
gojou,the most effective way to deal with a domain
gojou,is to lay out your own domain.
gojou,when two domains are  laid out at the same time,
gojou,the more refined one  will dominate that space.
gojou,though, sometimes, compatibility and  the amount of cursed energy are factors.
jougo,there will not even be ashes  left of you, gojou satoru!
gojou,domain expansion:
gojou,infinite void.
jougo,what just happened?
jougo,was my domain overwhelmed?
jougo,i cannot see anything.
jougo,i cannot feel anything.
jougo,no...
jougo,i can see everything!
jougo,i can feel everything!
jougo,but the information is never complete...
jougo,so i cannot do anything!
gojou,this is the inner world of limitless.
gojou,perception, communication...
gojou,every action involved in living is forcibly  carried out an infinite number of times.
gojou,it is ironic, is not it?
gojou,when granted everything,  you cannot do anything...
gojou,but just die peacefully.
gojou,but i have questions i want to ask you,
gojou,so i am letting you off the hook with this.
gojou,now, who told you to come after me?
yuuji,he really is the strongest jujutsu sorcerer!
yuuji,as a living organism,
yuuji,he is on another level!
getou,oh, dear.
getou,what now?
getou,will you rescue him?
getou,i cannot let people from the school see  my face, so i will be going home now.
getou,if you want to save him,  go ahead and save him.
getou,though i do not know if your  kind have such emotions.
hanami,we do. we are the true humans, after all.
getou,quite the statement for  a cursed spirit to make.
gojou,you do not seem like the type to act on orders.
gojou,was something good supposed  to happen if you killed me?
gojou,regardless, i want to know. who was it?
gojou,come on, just tell me already.
jougo,like i would ever tell you, brat!
gojou,you sure you should be saying that?
jougo,damn you!
gojou,hurry up and tell me, or i will exorcise you.
gojou,of course, i will do that either way.
yuuji,wait, curses are capable  of holding conversations?
yuuji,it seemed so normal, i overlooked it.
gojou,wow!
yuuji,flowers!
gojou,pretty!
gojou,that is a curse, right?  it is stripping away my will to fight.
yuuji,sensei, i will be fine!
yuuji,go after him!
yuuji,sorry, i lied! help!
gojou,wow.
gojou,he got away.
gojou,he is good at hiding his presence.
gojou,he is way creepier than volcano head.
screen,i am sorry about that. they managed to escape because of me. though you are the one who brought me here, right? - yuuji
yuuji,i am sorry about that.
gojou,so cursed spirits of that level  are forming a faction now?
yuuji,they managed to escape because of me.
yuuji,though you are the one  who brought me here, right?
gojou,this is getting interesting.
gojou,yuuji.
gojou,i want you—or rather, everyone— to become strong enough to beat that.
yuuji,huh? beat that?
gojou,it is better to have a concrete goal, right?
gojou,man, i am glad brought you here.
yuuji,i had no idea what was going on, though.
yuuji,are you serious?
gojou,now that we have set your goal,  all that is left is to pursue it.
gojou,we will speed up the schedule a bit.
gojou,for the next month, you will be  watching movies and fighting me.
yuuji,fighting you?!
yuuji,will i still be alive a month from now?
gojou,after that, it is practical combat.
gojou,you will take on and complete  several harder missions.
gojou,you will learn the basics  and how to apply them,
gojou,and then you will show them off  at the exchange event.
yuuji,hey, sensei!
gojou,yes, yuuji-kun?
yuuji,what is the exchange event?
gojou,i did not tell you?
yaga,he is late!
getou,sure is peaceful here.
mahito,how is jougo doing, getou?
getou,on death's door.
getou,hanami stepped in to save him,
getou,so he will probably be fine.
mahito,how irresponsible.
mahito,you are the one who egged him on.
getou,heavens, no.
getou,i tried to stop him.
mahito,speak of the devil.
mahito,jougo, hanami.
mahito,glad to see you are safe.
jougo,how can you say that when you see me like this?!
getou,you are lucky you got off with just that.
jougo,why, you...
getou,i think you understand now...
getou,so we will go about sealing gojou satoru  at the appropriate time,
getou,in the appropriate place, once we have secured our advantage over him.
getou,we will carry it out on october 31st in shibuya.
getou,i will contact you with more details later.
getou,good enough, mahito?
book,cloud giant
mahito,no objections here.
mahito,let us be cunning about this.
mahito,like curses should.
mahito,like humans should.
woman,juju stroll
both,one, two, three, four...
jougo,what are you doing?
getou,brazilian calisthenics.
getou,three, four...
mahito,i think we are nice and warmed up now.
getou,yeah.
jougo,what are you two planning to do?
mahito,getou-kun!
getou,shoot!
getou,mahito-kun!
mahito,overhead!
mahito,shoot!
jougo,i am going to kill these two later!
sign,tokyo metropolitan jujutsu technical high school
screen,episode 8: boredom