tsubasa,he was totally ogling my breasts!
nishimura,she does have a huge rack,  so they bounce when she runs.
honda,i get why you would do it, yoshino-chan.
junpei,if there was a button that  would make everyone i hate die,
junpei,i probably would not push it.
tsubasa,gross!
junpei,but if there was a button that would  make everyone who hated me die,
sayama,shut up, you guys.
junpei,i would push it without hesitation.
movieposter,human earthworm 3
movieposter,creating humans
junpei,excuse me.
junpei,excuse me.
junpei,excuse me!
junpei,one adult for human earthworm 3.
workera,that will be 1,800 yen.
junpei,yeah, here.
workera,the show will be starting soon.
mad doctor,i served as a doctor for many years,  working to save lives.
sayama,and it turned out he had 50,000 on him!  a middle school brat!
mad doctor,as i was saving countless lives, i found  myself arriving at a particular question.
nishimura,for real?
junpei,this sucks.
honda,that is awesome.
mad doctor,where does a person's life— their very soul—actually reside?
nishimura,so? what did you do next?
junpei,high schoolers should not  skip school to watch movies.
sayama,i took it all.
nishimura,man, so mean!
junpei,not that i can talk.
mad doctor,that is when i realized it!
junpei,this seriously sucks.
mad doctor,the shape of one's soul creates the body!
honda,then today's your treat!
junpei,i cannot hear the movie at all.
sayama,screw that.
mad doctor,so i began conducting research on the soul.
sayama,we are splitting it even, obviously!
junpei,there are always people like that,  even if they vary to some degree.
mad doctor,all alone, in this lab deep in the mountains...
sayama,so, were you looking?
junpei,i was not.
sayama,then are you saying tsubasa's lying to us?
tsubasa,he was definitely looking at them!
nishimura,you are nuts, man!
honda,oh, there is a half-off coupon.
nishimura,huh? to where?
tsubasa,hey! teach him a lesson first!
junpei,shit.
junpei,that woman's just using me to see  where she stands, and she is enjoying it!
sayama,you were looking, then.
junpei,damn it.
junpei,i will tell her!
junpei,i will tell her!
junpei,i will tell her!
junpei,i will tell her!
junpei,you are not as cute as you  think you are, tsubasa-san.
junpei,these three know that, too.
junpei,the only reason they are fawning over you is
junpei,because they think you will let them bang you.
mad doctor,now to create the perfect human being!
sayama,no way.
sayama,she will not let us bang her at all.
sayama,she is no good anymore.
junpei,stop talking.
victim,s-stop it!
victim,no!
sayama,it is tsubasa.
junpei,turn off your phone!
sayama,hello?
sayama,what is up?
sayama,right now? i am free.
mahito,you three...
sayama,well...
mahito,need to mind your manners.
mad doctor,there is no need to worry.
mad doctor,everything went well.
mad doctor,it is all for the creation of  the perfect human being...
movieposter,human earthworm 3
movieposter,creating humans
junpei,wha...
junpei,what is this?
junpei,that person just now...
junpei,no, a person could not do this.
junpei,and if they could, would they really
junpei,be human?
screen,monday, 10:10 am
mahito,what if i am the one who did it?
mahito,will you condemn me?
mahito,were those three special to you?
sayama,do not worry.
sayama,he can eat it.
nishimura,harsh, man!
tsubasa,poor guy! he is crying now!
junpei,can i...
junpei,do that, too?
,jujutsu kaisen
mob,please stay back!
screen,episode 9:  small fry and reverse retribution
screen,episode 9:  small fry and reverse retribution
cop,it seems like the victims  were high school students.
screen,monday 10:30 am
junior detective,who were those guys?!
junior detective,why were they on the scene before forensics?!
junior detective,one of them was just a kid, too!
senior detective,i do not know the details, either.
senior detective,but you saw those stiffs, did not you?
senior detective,that is not something a person could do.
senior detective,just pretend you never saw it...
senior detective,if you want to reach retirement in this line of work, that is.
nanami,can you see it?
nanami,this is the residual taint of cursed energy.
yuuji,no, i cannot see anything.
nanami,that is because you are not trying to see it.
nanami,we typically see curses as  if it is perfectly natural to.
nanami,when a cursed technique is used, it leaves traces behind.
nanami,that is what residuals are.
nanami,but residuals are much  fainter than cursed spirits.
nanami,so focus your vision and look closely.
yuuji,oh!
yuuji,i can see them!
nanami,of course you can.
nanami,a proper sorcerer can sense them  before seeing them.
yuuji,could not you give me a little  more praise or something?
nanami,i do not praise or disparage anyone.
nanami,i adhere to facts and judge on that basis.
nanami,that is who i am.
nanami,there was a time when i mistakenly  believed society operated the same way,
nanami,but enough about that.
yuuji,let us follow them.
yuuji,yeah! let us go all-out!
nanami,no, where moderate effort  will suffice, use moderate effort.
nanami,let us go.
yuuji,we are just not clicking.
yuuji,i am not getting anything from him.
gojou,i will not be able to lead you this time.
gojou,but do not worry. i have called  in a friend you can trust.
gojou,this is nanami kento,  the ex-salaryman jujutsu sorcerer!
nanami,please do not call me that.
gojou,plenty of jujutsu sorcerers are oddballs,
gojou,but since he worked for a company,  he is got a good head on his shoulders.
gojou,he is a first-grade sorcerer, too.
nanami,i am sure no one would want to  hear you saying that about them.
yuuji,a lot of these people wear sunglasses  and stuff to hide their eyes.
yuuji,ex-salaryman? why did not you become  a jujutsu sorcerer from the start?
nanami,we should greet each other first.
nanami,nice to meet you, itadori-kun.
yuuji,oh, yes, nice to meet you, too.
nanami,i studied at jujutsu tech,  and one thing i learned...
nanami,is that jujutsu sorcerers are shit!
,huh?
nanami,then i worked at your typical company,  and one thing i learned
nanami,is that work is shit!
yuuji,really?!
nanami,if both are equally shit,  i will take the one i am more suited to.
nanami,that is the only reason i came back.
yuuji,that is dark.
gojou,right?
nanami,itadori-kun, please do not believe  i am of the same mindset as gojou-san.
nanami,i do trust and have faith in him,
nanami,but i do not respect him!
gojou,huh?!
nanami,i hate the way the higher-ups do things,
nanami,but i believe in rules and regulations.
nanami,this conversation is dragging on.
nanami,in short, i do not recognize  you as a sorcerer, either.
nanami,even if you do carry the  bomb we know as sukuna,
nanami,please make an effort to  prove that you are useful.
yuuji,lately, i have been forced to realize  how weak and useless i am.
yuuji,but i will become strong.
yuuji,i have to be strong, or i will not  be able to choose how i die.
yuuji,i will make you recognize me,  even without that advice.
yuuji,just give me a bit more time.
nanami,say that to the higher-ups, not me.
yuuji,oh, right.
nanami,frankly, i do not care!
yuuji,okay, i get it!
yuuji,there was not anything on the  surveillance cameras, right?
nanami,right. there was only one young  man aside from the victims.
yuuji,then a cursed spirit was behind it?
nanami,well, most likely.
nanami,there is a small chance the  young man could have done it,
nanami,but identifying him is the police's—
cursea,lu, lu, lu, lunchbox!
nanami,stop.
nanami,i will take care of this one.
nanami,you handle the one over there.
curseb,good detergent!
nanami,if you decide you cannot beat it, please call me.
yuuji,are not you taking me a bit too lightly here?
nanami,it is not a matter of underestimating you or not.
nanami,i am an adult, and you are a child.
nanami,i have a duty to prioritize  your life over my own.
cursea,lu, lu, lu...
yuuji,i would rather you underestimate me  than treat me like a kid.
nanami,you have faced several life-or-death situations.
nanami,but that does not make you an adult.
nanami,finding more fallen-out hairs on your pillow,
nanami,watching your favorite stuffed bread  disappear from the convenience store...
nanami,the accumulation of those little despairs
nanami,is what makes a person an adult.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,monday, 11:15 am
nanami,my cursed technique allows me to forcibly  create a weak point on any opponent.
nanami,seven to three.
nanami,striking the point at that ratio
nanami,when you draw a line along the target's length causes a critical hit.
nanami,that allows me to deal a fair amount of  damage to those ranked higher than me,
nanami,and if their cursed energy is weak,  i can cut them in two, even with a blunt blade.
nanami,are you listening, itadori-kun?
yuuji,huh?! you were talking to me?!
electricvoice,home run!
yuuji,ow...
yuuji,is it okay to reveal something like that?
nanami,it is no problem to reveal that  technique to that opponent.
nanami,also, all the better if  revealing it misleads them.
yuuji,i want to focus on the curse,  but it feels like i should be listening.
nanami,there is merit to it.
nanami,"revealing one's hand" is a pact that increases  the effectiveness of one's technique.
nanami,like so.
nanami,that is all from me.
yuuji,wow.
yuuji,not only is the blade he used all wrapped up,
yuuji,but he used the back of it to  slice right through that thing.
nanami,itadori-kun, behind you.
yuuji,huh?
nanami,i do not like you looking away.
yuuji,who is the one distracting me here?!
curseb,detergent!
gojou,your cursed energy comes  up a little slow, huh?
yuuji,ow...
yuuji,slow?
gojou,your cursed energy cannot keep up  with your explosive power.
gojou,you are still not good at amassing  cursed energy, so it tends to lag behind.
gojou,but that actually creates an  irregular flow of cursed energy.
gojou,the moment after your fist strikes,  your cursed energy slams in.
gojou,in other words, you are creating  two impacts with every strike.
gojou&screen,divergent fist
gojou&screen,divergent fist!
yuuji,that is so cool!
gojou,it is not something many can do on purpose.
gojou,this will be a great weapon for you.
nanami,his raw strength is superhuman?
nanami,the initial blow has little cursed energy,
nanami,but it reaches 120% of  an average sorcerer's power.
nanami,then the real blow of cursed energy flows in.
nanami,it must be unimaginably unpleasant  for those struck by it.
nanami,he has room to grow, too.
nanami,if he can learn to imbue 100% of his  cursed energy into 100% of his martial arts...
nanami,now i see why that man brought him to me.
cursea,l-lu...
nanami,oh, pardon me. i will end you now.
nanami,itadori-kun! do not finish it off yet!
nanami,have a look a this.
nanami,i took a photo of my opponent.
yuuji,huh? i thought cursed spirits  did not show up in photos.
nanami,please listen calmly.
nanami,what we have been fighting...
ieiri,they are human.
ieiri,no, i guess i should call them former humans.
ieiri,they are the same as the three from the theater.
ieiri,the structure of their bodies was  forcibly altered by a cursed technique.
nanami,if that was all, i would  have noticed at the start.
nanami,the two we fought were full of  cursed energy, like cursed spirits.
ieiri,you will have to ask the culprit about  their cursed technique to explain that.
ieiri,though there is evidence that their  brain stems were tampered with,
ieiri,most likely to create a state of confusion  and impaired consciousness.
ieiri,if they can tamper with the brain,
ieiri,it might be possible for them to modify  someone to be able to use cursed energy.
ieiri,the relationship between the brain  and cursed energy is still a black box to us.
ieiri,oh, right, is itadori listening?
yuuji,oh, yeah.
ieiri,to sum it up, these guys died of shock  from having their bodies modified.
ieiri,you did not kill them.
ieiri,so do not get the wrong idea about that.
yuuji,right.
phone,ieiri shouko
phone,ieiri shouko
yuuji,either way, the deaths of these two  weigh on me just as heavily.
yuuji,that said, this thing...
yuuji,has disgusting taste.
nanami,this boy can get sincerely  angry on another's behalf.
nanami,those residuals were a bluff,  likely meant to lure us in.
nanami,our foe is quite skilled.
nanami,it looks like this will take  more than moderate effort.
nanami,so let us go all-out.
yuuji,yeah!
mahito,there are cursed spirits known as  special-grade potential apparitions.
screen,monday, 11:00 am
mahito,cursed spirits are a collection of the  cursed energy emitted by humans.
mahito,whether it actually exists or not,
mahito,a shared image of fear makes it easy  for a powerful curse to manifest.
book,complete guide to japanese apparitions
junpei,a shared image of fear?
junpei,you mean like famous monsters  and ghost stories?
mahito,yup.
bookbottom,toilet-bound hanako-san
bookright,giant skeleton
book top,nine-tailed fox
mahito,like toilet-bound hanako-san,  the nine-tailed fox, and so on.
mahito,jujutsu sorcerers have registered them  as special-grade potential apparitions
mahito,and keep an eye out for them.
mahito,the fact that they often categorize  powerful, unidentified curses
mahito,as potential apparitions makes it feel  like that is all they are focused on.
mahito,but people constantly fear more  than just those fairy tales, right?
junpei,like natural disasters?
mahito,i love how stress-free talking to you is.
junpei,no, i am not...
mahito,people...
mahito,have always feared the earth,  the forests, and the oceans.
mahito,because the cursed energy directed  toward those is far too big,
mahito,they gained wisdom before they took shape  and remained in hiding up until now.
mahito,i am proud to call them all friends.
junpei,what kind of curse are you, mahito-san?
mahito,a human one.
mahito,i am a curse that was born from the hatred and  fear people hold in their gut toward others.
sign,tokyo municipal shuuei high school detached office
nanami,i have organized the reports from our windows
screen,monday 6:25 pm
nanami,on recent residuals, unnatural deaths,  and disappearances.
nanami,this should help us narrow down  the culprit's hideout to some extent.
yuuji,aw yeah! are we storming in?!
nanami,no, it is still only to some extent.
nanami,while i continue investigating this matter,  i would like you to handle a different task.
nanami,this is the boy who was at  the theater, yoshino junpei.
nanami,apparently, he goes to the same  high school as the victims.
nanami,based on the surveillance footage  and how he carried himself,
nanami,i believed it was unlikely  he could be a curse user.
nanami,however, if he is related to the  victims, that changes things.
yuuji,curse user?
nanami,an evil jujutsu sorcerer.
nanami,i have entrusted the process to ijichi-kun, so i would  like you two to investigate yoshino junpei.
yuuji,sure!
yuuji,speaking of which, i do not know  any assistants other than you.
ijichi,well, i am the only one who knows  you are still alive, so by necessity...
yuuji,makes sense.
yuuji,let us go!
ijichi,you already know the location of the culprit,  do not you? and not just "to some extent."
nanami,of course.
nanami,if the culprit had wanted, he could have  left the scene without leaving any residuals.
nanami,we are being lured in once again.
nanami,weighing the risk of storming in alone  against the risk of taking itadori-kun with me,
nanami,i simply chose the former.
nanami,he is still a child, after all.
yuuji,nanami-sensei!
ijichi,itadori-kun?
yuuji,i forgot to say something.
yuuji,be careful, okay?
nanami,itadori-kun...
nanami,i am not a teacher, so please  do not call me "sensei."
yuuji,nanamin, then!
nanami,i will slap you.
ijichi,there he is.
yuuji,huh? casual clothes?
ijichi,it looks like he has not  attended school for some time.
sign,for pedestrians and bicycles only
ijichi,we will get out of the car here.
ijichi,let us go.
screen&two,juju stroll
gojou,nanami! let us go out together!
nanami,no, thank you.
gojou,no, s-seriously, i have something  important to talk to you about.
nanami,oh, how awful.
gojou,i have not said anything yet!
sign,satoru♥
sign,satoru♥
envelope,to nanami
letter,penis
letter,penis
screen,episode 10: idle transfiguration