nanami,itadori-kun, why is his nose bleeding?
yuuji,huh? i punched him.
nanami,when?
yuuji,at the start of our fight.
nanami,did his hand touch you?
yuuji,yeah.
nanami,my attacks will not work on him.
yuuji,huh?!
yuuji,what?! why?!
nanami,i will explain while i am lecturing you.
nanami,one, his technique does not  work on itadori-kun,
nanami,or two, there is some reason  he will not kill itadori-kun.
nanami,either way, that is good for us.
nanami,however, i can halt his movements.
nanami,once we have both created an opening,  we will shower him with blows.
nanami,we will make sure to exorcise him here.
yuuji,yeah!
mahito,i will keep an eye on itadori yuuji...
mahito,while i start by taking  care of the 7:3 sorcerer.
mahito,i thought this would be a good one.
mahito,but they just dodged it.
mahito,and after dodging it, they started  shaving away the weaker ends.
mahito,it is only good for small fry.
mahito,time to stop.
nanami,right before he changes shape...
yuuji,...he stores up cursed energy.
nanami,good.
mahito,even though i have made myself smaller,
mahito,there is still the risk of itadori  yuuji killing me in one blow.
mahito,he really is my natural enemy.
mahito,i will need to make him behave for a bit.
nanami,transfigured humans!
nanami,he still had a stockpile of them?
mahito,kill the short-haired brat.
mahito,i knew it.
mahito,he cannot kill humans!
transfigureda,let us play!
trasnfiguredb,please...
trasnfiguredb,kill me...
mahito,next, i will have him attack you, too.
mahito,i wonder if he will cry then.
mahito,he is a foolish brat who cannot  reconcile reality and his ideals.
nanami,you are wrong.
nanami,he is right in the middle of  making that reconciliation.
nanami,if it were up to me,
nanami,i would say you are the fool.
mahito,did you kill them?!
mahito,they know my tricks now.
mahito,i am changing shape right  before the moment of impact.
mahito,i do not have time to create a substitute.
mahito,ah, what...
mahito,what fresh inspiration this is!
mahito,is this...
screen,death
mahito,death?
mahito,i bet i could do it now.
mahito,domain expansion:
mahito,self-embodiment of perfection!
nanami,shit.
mahito,right now, i am just...
mahito,grateful to you.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 13:  tomorrow
screen,episode 13:  tomorrow
yuuji,quit screwing around!
yuuji,why did he only seal nanamin inside?!
yuuji,at this rate...
yuuji,at this rate...
nanami,domain expansion.
nanami,within an innate domain  constructed from cursed energy,
nanami,their ultimate technique  becomes one guaranteed to hit.
nanami,it is the height of jujutsu  sorcery i could never obtain.
nanami,most likely, his cursed technique  requires touching the target
nanami,with his palm in its base state in  order to interfere with their soul.
nanami,however, in a domain that guarantees a hit,
nanami,that would mean i am...
nanami,literally in the palm of his hand now.
nanami,shit.
nanami,jujutsu sorcerers are shit.
nanami,they have to be prepared to  cast away their lives for others,
nanami,and to occasionally force  their comrades to do so.
nanami,that is why i quit.
nanami,or more like i ran away.
clerk,do you like casse-croute?
nanami,huh?
clerk,huh?
clerk,you always buy this one, do not you?
nanami,oh, uh, yes.
nanami,they stopped selling it at  my local convenience store.
clerk,it is much better than a convenience store's, is not it?
nanami,well, you are a bakery.
clerk,wow, harsh.
clerk,please come back again.
nanami,fly head...
nanami,leaving it alone will not hurt anything.
nanami,it would be a bigger pain to deal with it and  have her think i am some weird medium.
president,hello, everybody!
president,you making those sales?!
nanami,when people trust us with their money,  they are trusting us with their lives.
nanami,so it goes without saying that we have to  balance the pursuit of profit against the risks.
nanami,there is no need to do  anything special at the start.
nanami,just be sincere with the clients.
nanami,never forget that.
newguy,right!
president,nanami...
president,do not be so prudish all the time.
president,you are scaring the virgin.
president,so, new boy, what you need to think about,  first and foremost, are the company's profits.
president,they are directly connected  to our clients' profits, too!
nanami,even when we con the client into buying  shitty stocks with no growth potential?
president,of course!
president,it is suitable payment for us staring  at the markets around the clock.
president,nanami, this is your second year, right?
president,you are clever. let yourself run a bit more wild.
president,i have high expectations for you.
nanami,i am someone with no concept of a "reason  for living" or "something worth doing."
nanami,i will just earn a reasonable amount  of money by the time i am 30 or 40,
nanami,and enjoy the rest of my aimless life  in a country with a low cost of living.
nanami,it is been four years since i left the school.
nanami,whether i am awake or asleep,  all i think about is money.
nanami,curses and other people have nothing to do with me as long i have money.
nanami,money.
nanami,money.
nanami,money.
nanami,money, money...
nanami,as long as i have money...
clerk,are you all right?
clerk,are you getting enough sleep?
nanami,what about you?
nanami,you look like your  fatigue's been building up.
clerk,oh, you can tell?
clerk,lately, it feels like there is  a weight on my shoulder.
clerk,i have not been sleeping well, either.
nanami,my job is to take money from the wealthy
nanami,and make those people even more wealthy.
nanami,that is pretty much all it is.
nanami,frankly, no one would mind if i was gone.
nanami,people who wanted to eat bread  would mind if their bakery was gone.
nanami,yet for some reason, my job, which exists  outside that natural human cycle, pays better.
nanami,when you think about it  logically, it makes no sense.
clerk,a-are you bragging?
nanami,no, i am not.
clerk,sorry, that was a bit complicated for me.
nanami,could you take a step forward, please?
clerk,huh?
nanami,how is your shoulder now?
clerk,huh? well...
clerk,huh?! it is lighter!
nanami,if anything still feels off,  please go to the hospital.
nanami,please excuse me.
clerk,hey, wait!
clerk,hold on!
clerk,um...
clerk,thank you!
clerk,please come back again!
nanami,"thank you."
clerk,huh? did not you hear me? thank you!
clerk,please! come back! again!
phone,gojou satoru
nanami,i always thought i was a person with no concept of a "reason for living."
nanami,hello, it is nanami. i need to talk to you.
nanami,yes, i will be stopping by jujutsu tech tomorrow...
nanami,why are you laughing?
mahito,idle transfiguration.
mahito,i am grateful to you.
nanami,i do not need your gratitude.
nanami,i have already received it from lots of others.
nanami,i have no regrets.
mahito,how was he able to get in?
nanami,that is right... the more resistant  the inside of the barrier is,
nanami,the weaker it is to attacks from outside.
nanami,domains are barriers specialized  in trapping something inside,
nanami,so they are actually easy to invade...
nanami,because there is no merit in doing so.
nanami,with domains like infinite void and  self-embodiment of perfection,
nanami,which guarantee victory, once they have ensnared  their target, that is even more true.
nanami,however,
nanami,inside itadori-kun,
nanami,there lies something that must not be touched.
sukuna,i warned you...
sukuna,that there would not be a second time.
nanami,there is no one in this world  more proud and conceited.
nanami,he lives guided by only his  pleasure and displeasure.
sukuna,whether you die...
sukuna,or you die...
sukuna,does not matter.
sukuna,aside from him,
sukuna,i truly do not care.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
yuuji,what just happened?
yuuji,i will kill you!
mahito,domain expansion...
mahito,that really burns cursed energy.
mahito,it truly is a trump card. a final technique.
mahito,and that damn sukuna just...
mahito,but this is the critical moment!
mahito,squeeze it out!
mahito,the last of my cursed energy!
yuuji,the target's huge.
yuuji,the flow of cursed energy is calm.
yuuji,there are no counters.
yuuji,i can land my attack for certain.
yuuji,this is my last chance.
yuuji,i do not need any more tactics.
yuuji,divergent fist!
yuuji,wh-what is this lack of feedback?
mahito,bye-bye!
yuuji,hold up!
mahito,this was fun.
nanami,ino-kun, the core has  escaped into the sewers.
nanami,yes.
nanami,please scour everything from my  current location to the southeast.
nanami,even you could exorcise him right now.
nanami,let us pursue him, too!
nanami,itadori-kun!
yuuji,come on, body! move!
yuuji,you are going to kill that thing, are not you?!
yuuji,you are going to crush him... into a pulp...
nanami,itadori-kun!
nanami,itadori-kun!
mahito,so that was the king of curses,  ryoumen sukuna.
mahito,he should have less total cursed energy  than jougo at this point in time, and yet...
mahito,that presence...
mahito,his soul's on a different level.
mahito,i am certain of it.
mahito,even if we are all wiped out,
mahito,so long as sukuna is resurrected,  the age of curses will come.
mahito,still, damn, this sucks.
mahito,right now, i want nothing  more than to kill itadori yuuji!
mahito,it is so frustrating!
mahito,but whatever.
mahito,unlike his body,
mahito,i can kill his soul over and over again.
mahito,how should i kill it next time?
nanami,you were told to rest, were not you?
yuuji,is this my lecture?
nanami,i have no lecture to give to  the person who saved my life.
yuuji,i saved you?
nanami,that patchwork's cursed technique  was interfering with the soul.
nanami,since you invaded his domain,  he wound up touching sukuna's soul.
nanami,i was saved because of that.
yuuji,but i did not swap with him.
nanami,sukuna never came out. our opponent went in.
yuuji,then it was not me who saved you.
yuuji,it was just his whim.
yuuji,nanamin, i killed a person today.
yuuji,people die. there is no stopping that.
yuuji,so i wanted them to at  least have proper deaths.
yuuji,that is what i thought.
yuuji,so i was always thinking about how i could  keep that trigger from being pulled.
yuuji,but...
yuuji,after pulling that trigger myself,  i do not understand anymore.
yuuji,what is a proper death?
nanami,i do not know what that is, either.
nanami,even if good people dying in peace
nanami,and evil people being punished  with death is the proper way,
nanami,most of the people in this world  are neither good nor evil.
nanami,death is the final destination for all of us,  but no one dies the same death.
nanami,trying to guide all of them to their  proper end would surely be arduous.
nanami,i personally would not recommend it.
nanami,but you will still do it anyway, will not you?
nanami,just do not end up dying  yourself in the process.
nanami,just as i would have died today  if you had not been there,
nanami,you will see there are plenty of people  yet to come that need you, too.
nanami,because you are a jujutsu  sorcerer now, itadori-kun.
teacher,put it in this box once you have filled it out.
teacher,and you do not need to write your name.
heading,survey on bullying q1: have you been bullied this school year?  a: i have been bullied. b: i have not been bullied. q2: who have you been bullied by? please circle all that apply.  a: peers (people in your class) b: peers (people outside your class) c: upperclassmen  d: underclassmen e: students from other schools  f: other (                            ) q3: what kind of bullying have you faced? please circle all that apply.  a: teasing, insults, slander  b: ostracized, ignored by groups  c: punched, kicked, beaten  d: money or possession stolen  e: possessions disturbed, soiled, or broken  f: forced to do embarrassing  or unpleasant acts  g: insults and scribbles were  drawn in your textbooks or notebooks
sotomura,you are the one who gave yoshino  those scars, are not you, itou?
itou,i do not want hear any bitching from the guy  who was too scared to do anything at the time.
itou,he quit school and moved away, did not he?
itou,so who cares?
itou,what about me?
itou,i have barely been able to move  my left arm since that day.
sotomura,we are talking about your crimes right now.
sotomura,reflect on the punishment  you earned by yourself.
itou,and where is your punishment?
sotomura,mine is yet to come.
sotomura,first, i need to take a proper  look at the things i could not see.
sotomura,both you...
sotomura,and i...
sotomura,will have to bear the crime of killing  yoshino's heart for the rest of our lives.
sotomura,i will be watching you, itou.
yuuji,i do not understand what a proper death is.
yuuji,so at least...
yuuji,until i do understand,
yuuji,until i kill him,
yuuji,i will not...
yuuji,lose again.
screen&voice,juju stroll
toge,tuna.
kugisaki,is it ready yet?
toge,salmon, salmon.
maki,these meatballs are great.
maki,who made them?
fushiguro,oh, i did.
fushiguro,they are easy to make.
screen,1) put all the ingredients in. use twice as much ginger.
screen,2) mix together well and knead it.
screen,3) shape with spoons and toss into the pot.
screen,ingredients
screen,ground chicken
screen,finely chopped green onions
screen,ginger paste
screen,egg yolks (you can use the whites, too, if it is too much hassle)
screen,salt and pepper
toge,bonito flakes.
kugisaki,you can cook for yourself?  not really surprising, actually.
fushiguro,no, itadori taught me how to make these.
kugisaki,i see.
kugisaki,itadori's legacy.
maki,i do not think that is right.
gojou,these meatballs are great.
yuuji,oh, those are super easy to make.
yuuji,even fushiguro can make them.
yuuji,i taught him how.
yuuji,i cannot wait to see those two again.
screen,episode 14: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 0 -