yuji,no good.
yuji,it is not budging at all.
ino,w-well, that was some decent force.
ino,is this guy for real?!
ino,he could give nanami-san a run for  his money in terms of physical blows.
ino,though i suppose that is why...
fushiguro,it is a rather sturdy veil.
fushiguro,we will have to search for its weak point
fushiguro,and put a hole in it,  even if it is only for a second.
fushiguro,we cannot get anywhere  without getting inside first.
yuji,huh? why not?
ino,why not?
ino,listen, this is a veil to keep sorcerers out.
ino,it is a barrier.
ino,barriers are all designed to surround you and protect yourself, right?
ino,which fundamentally means  that whoever lowered this veil
ino,is inside it.
yuji,but back in harajuku...
ino,i see!
ino,so staying outside the veil instead of  surrounding themselves with it increases
ino,the risk of being discovered and defeated,
ino,thereby raising the strength of the veil.
ino,it is a real egg of columbus idea.
yuji,egg?
ino,though, man, they are completely ignoring  the fundamentals of barriers!
ino,what a crazy idea!
ino,now i can see why the barrier did not  break from yuji's earlier blow.
fushiguro,if that is the logic,
fushiguro,the veil's source should be somewhere  that really stands out, right?
ino,by increasing the risk of discovery,
ino,they are further increasing  its strength, then?
yuji,somewhere that stands out?
screen,22:01 shibuya central tower
awasaka,think the sorcerers will realize it?
awasaka,this is the place that stands out  the most within the veil, right?
ogami,probably.
grandson,but even if they do realize it...
awasaka,yeah.
awasaka,the lower floors are swarming  with those transfigured humans.
awasaka,they will not be able to  climb up here that fast.
awasaka,wires?!
maki,these are great.
screen,these are great.
awasaka,do these bastards know  about the entrusted veil?
ino,good! just as planned!
ino,so this is the source of the veil?
yuji,yeah. according to mei-san,
yuji,it already has the barrier programmed in,
yuji,and it just needs someone  to pour cursed energy into it.
fushiguro,which means as long as we destroy those,
fushiguro,we can ignore the curse users until later.
ino,there were three of them?!
ino,the veil keeping sorcerers  out is still active.
ino,where are the remaining two?
ino,with him?!
yuji,fushiguro! dismiss nue!
ogami,grandson.
grandson,yes, i know, granny.
ino,i have some endearing underclassmen now,
ino,so it is time to earn some achievements here
ino,so i can become a first-grade, too.
yuji,fushiguro!
yuji,where is he?!
fushiguro,right there.
fushiguro,i did not see the moment of impact.
fushiguro,his body is too clean.
fushiguro,even if he is a sorcerer,
fushiguro,he plummeted from the 41st floor.
fushiguro,get up, you old trickster!
awasaka,good grief.
awasaka,youngsters these days have  no pity for the elderly.
fushiguro,we cannot waste time here.
yuji,it will not take long.
screen,episode 35 seance
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
nanami,why are you so insistent  on my recommendation?
nanami,you could easily become  semi-first-grade with your technique.
ino,because i believe it is important  to do things the right way.
ino,especially with bloody  work like being a sorcerer.
ino,but i am not that bright, so sometimes  i do not know what the right way is.
ino,so whenever i am at a loss, i think to myself,
ino,"what would nanami-san do?"
ino,so it would not be right to become  a first-grade without your approval.
ino,oh, would you like another drink?
nanamni,a makgeolli.
ino,auspicious beast summon: #1,
ino,kaichi!
grandson,it is homing?
narrator,the seance technique,  auspicious beast summon.
narrator,by hiding his face, ino can  become a spiritual medium
narrator,used to manifest the powers  of the four auspicious beasts.
grandson,granny, that was...
ogami,yes, quite the coincidence.
ino,number 2, reiki.
ino,nanami-san entrusted those two to me,
ino,so i cannot just leave them alone,
ino,but it would be a bad idea to  lead these two to them, too.
ino,the best option is to kill them fast  and rejoin my underclassmen.
ino,adapt to the facts,  and maintain self-control.
ino,cast aside pride.
fushiguro,honestly, matching pace with him
fushiguro,takes more effort than matching the enemy.
fushiguro,itadori!
yuji,all good!
yuji,it is just a scratch!
awasaka,so full of life.
awasaka,what promising futures.
awasaka,makes it worth killing you.
fushiguro,demon dog's claws can  hurt even special-grades.
yuji,i hit him with serious force, too.
fushiguro,then how...
fushiguro,is he not damaged at all?!
fushiguro,i thought this would not take long?
yuji,no comment.
screen,no comment.
ino,he is just as he seems—not all that strong.
ino,but he is doing whatever it takes and  sacrificing himself to protect that old hag.
ino,there is something more to them. i should hurry up.
ino,their aura's changed!
ogami,we are all set now.
grandson,got it, granny.
ino,i will not let you!
ogami,zen'in toji.
ogami,how is it, grandson?
grandson,yeah, it is great, granny.
grandson,better than any before.
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
screen,december 7th, 1989
screen,satoru gojo is born
girl,happy birthday, daddy.
girl,your present is seeing me in my uniform.
girl,is not it cute?
girl,i am glad i went with mori high after all.
papa,that is all well and good,
papa,but if you do this with that much confidence,
papa,you will turn out just like your mother.
girl,huh? do you hate mom?
papa,i do not hate her,
papa,but she did cheat on me.
girl,right.
girl,poor daddy.
papa,who?
papa,honoka...
papa,where is my daughter?
ogami,i killed her.
ogami,i need a corpse in order to transform  into someone i have called.
ogami,it was her mother that she  screamed for when she died.
man,i am sorry!
man,i am sorry!
man,i am sorry!
awasaka,it ripped halfway through.
man,please let me out of here!
awasaka,shut up.
man,why are you doing this?
awasaka,my job is killing people.
awasaka,so i need to really understand  how the human body works.
awasaka,we were
awasaka,free.
awasaka,the sorcerers had their hands  full with the cursed spirits
awasaka,that had grown more active over the years.
awasaka,as long as we did things right,
awasaka,we could easily earn a living  without being tied down by anything.
awasaka,we curse users were free to  live and do as we pleased.
awasaka,satoru gojo?
man,yes.
man,the child born to the gojo  clan with the six eyes.
awasaka,a kid?
man,the total bounty on his head is already  over a hundred million yen.
man,oh, and this is not a request.
man,it is first come first served.
waiter,thank you for waiting.
awasaka,cursed spirits had been growing  stronger over the years...
awasaka,and in that instant,  i understood exactly why!
awasaka,because of him! satoru gojo!
awasaka,it was the same as when an insurmountable  track and field record was suddenly broken!
awasaka,the same as when figure  skaters all started adding
awasaka,more revolutions to their  jumps due to one athlete!
awasaka,the balance of the world changed  when satoru gojo was born!
gojo,quit looking at me, weakling.
awasaka,we were free.
awasaka,and in our later years,  that freedom was stolen from us!
awasaka,screw him!
awasaka,i will never retire!
awasaka,i will trample over the weak until the day i die!
awasaka,this is fun!
yuji,seriously, what is with this guy?!
yuji,it is not even about him  being tough at this point!
fushiguro,it is almost certainly the  result of his technique.
fushiguro,is it damage nullification?
fushiguro,no...
fushiguro,hey!
fushiguro,satoru gojo is here in shibuya!
fushiguro,why do not you leave those foundations for  the veil behind and get out while you can?!
awasaka,what a lousy bluff.
awasaka,"gojo has been sealed."
awasaka,you were the ones shouting that so loudly.
awasaka,that is why we are out here having fun, you know.
awasaka,if gojo was still active,  we would be sleeping at home.
fushiguro,i knew it.
fushiguro,he cannot beat gojo-sensei.
yuji,fushiguro, you suck at lying.
fushiguro,so this guy's technique cannot be  something as grand as nullification.
yuji,but that is okay.
yuji,that is okay!
fushiguro,shut up.
awasaka,if you do not want to fight,  then i will kill you now.
yuji,here he comes!
fushiguro,fleeing hares.
fushiguro,fall back for now.
fushiguro,i have figured out his technique.
ino,transformation through seance?
ino,that hag is a medium?!
ino,no, that is not the problem here.
ino,what is up with him?
ino,is he some famous sorcerer?!
ino,i can tell by his stance...
ino,he is hella strong!
ino,number 4, ryu!
awasaka,the type of shikigami  that distracts with numbers?
awasaka,so they are planning to launch a big attack  from the cover of these hares, huh?
awasaka,they are gone!
awasaka,they ran away?!
fushiguro,max elephant!
awasaka,what the hell is this?
awasaka,appearing and disappearing...  talk about restless.
awasaka,if you are a man, be clear and decisive!
fushiguro,that stuff's not my role.
awasaka,huh?
awasaka,what is with this brat's power?!
awasaka,he is giving me chills!
fushiguro,for now, just keep attacking away.
awasaka,this guy's engine is getting revved up, too!
awasaka,yes, yes!
awasaka,a finishing blow!
awasaka,my technique is inverse.
awasaka,while activated,
awasaka,attacks that hit me are made  weaker the stronger they are,
awasaka,and the weaker they are,  the stronger they become.
awasaka,not one person has ever managed to dodge my  counter after landing their finishing blow.
awasaka,the more serious you two get,  the less chance you have against me!
fushiguro,i have figured out his technique.
fushiguro,it is probably inverse.
fushiguro,the attack i threw out of sync  landed more effectively than your own.
fushiguro,fleeing hares is not meant for offense,
fushiguro,but he did not try to immediately  break through once he was surrounded.
fushiguro,i think that is also how he managed to stay  perfectly fine after slamming into the ground.
yuji,so we can defeat him with a forehead flick?
fushiguro,no, the attack cannot be too weak.
fushiguro,if were just a pure inversion of force,
fushiguro,activating it would kill himself  with the minor force of air resistance.
screen,true.
fushiguro,since that does not happen,
fushiguro,there must be an upper and  a lower limit to his inversion.
fushiguro,even with it activated,
fushiguro,he was still matching our attacks and  using cursed energy to defend from slashes
fushiguro,and the effects of our techniques, right?
yuji,makes sense.
fushiguro,that also explains why he cannot beat  an anomaly like gojo-sensei,
fushiguro,and his technique's probably a bad  match against complex techniques, too.
yuji,which means we need to strike together.
yuji,hit him with a powerful attack and a  somewhat weak attack at the same time!
fushiguro,yeah.
fushiguro,but we do not want him to realize  we have figured out his technique.
fushiguro,so we will keep going at full power  and make a show of our crazy strength.
fushiguro,we will start with a weak blow from gama.
fushiguro,then we pummel him with a rush.
awasaka,when...
awasaka,did they figure it out?!
awasaka,but still...
awasaka,do not get cocky over that, you brats!
awasaka,he stopped it?!
awasaka,he killed his momentum for just a moment—
fushiguro,you are surprisingly adept.
yuji,really?
mahito,so, did you hear that the gojos'  little satoru-kun was sealed?!
geto,huh? oh, yes.
mahito,ah, not interested?
jogo,hey, you!
jogo,we heard this gossip from geto-san there!
mahito,oh, heavens me! how could i?  please do forgive me!
geto,next time, "blunt knife."
screen,next episode blunt knife
geto,watch in a well-lit room from a safe distance.