,jujutsu kaisen
mai,maki?
screen,episode 17: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 3 -
screen,episode 17: kyoto sister school exchange event - group battle 3 -
mai,she is just a weakling.
mai,she cannot even see curses.
mai,she is just a normal person  swinging around cursed tools.
mai,she is forever a fourth-grade.
mai,why is she even a jujutsu sorcerer at all?
utahime,break's over.
mai,okay.
miwa,i see.
miwa,that is a relief.
miwa,stupid mai!
miwa,this woman is incredibly strong!
miwa,she is using a longer weapon,  so i would like to close the distance,
miwa,but it is all i can do  to dodge and parry her!
miwa,if she were using the blade,
miwa,i would have died twice!
miwa,she is only fourth-grade?!
miwa,she could easily defeat  second-grade cursed spirits!
miwa,and how is she able to swing such a long sword  in this forest with so much stuff in the way?!
,new shadow style: simple domain!
,this allows me to attack anything that  enters the 2.21-meter radius of my domain
,on full-auto reflex.
,it is released if my feet move from  the point they are at when it is activated.
,on top of that,
,my quick draw is specialized  against enemies attacking head-on.
,it is the fastest technique of the  new shadow school, wrapping my blade
,in cursed energy while it is in  the sheath to accelerate it.
,but do not think this will settle the match.
,focus my full strength  on creating an opening first.
maki,iaijutsu, huh?
maki,looks like she has some trick, too.
maki,but there is a difference in our reach.
maki,rather than hit me, she likely wants to knock  away my cursed tool and create an opening.
maki,in which case...
miwa,she broke it?!
miwa,she is throwing away her  reach advantage now?!
miwa,she threw it?!
miwa,a hidden weapon?!
miwa,her intuition's sharp!
miwa,she is trying to close the gap with a decoy!
miwa,my legs moved!
miwa,but that is fine. i will pull back and  draw her in just close enough, then—
miwa,aikidou?! what a clever woman!
miwa,huh?
maki,nice sword you have got here.
miwa,sword-stealing?
miwa,give it back?
mei mei,what an interesting girl.
mei mei,you should promote her  to second-grade already.
gojou,i feel the same way,
gojou,but the zenin clan keeps getting in the way.
gojou,they should just change their  position and accept her already.
mei mei,i just cannot understand such  restraints, aside from money.
gojou,i see you are just as miserly as ever.
gojou,more importantly, the footage showing  the area around yuuji keeps cutting out a lot.
mei mei,animals are fickle.
mei mei,sharing my senses with them is tiring, too.
gojou,huh? is that true?
gojou,let us be blunt. which side  are you on, mei-san?
mei mei,which side?
mei mei,i am on money's side.
mei mei,there is no value to anything  that cannot be traded for money.
mei mei,you cannot make money out of it, after all.
gojou,just how much have you saved up?
gojou,i do not know what he is planning,
gojou,but it will not be that easy to  deal with yuuji anymore.
gojou,oh, they are moving.
ijichi,all the cursed spirits released  into the area have charms on them,
ijichi,and when the cursed spirit disappears,
screen,curse
ijichi,the corresponding charm here, in the viewing  area, is extinguished simultaneously.
ijichi,each charm is extinguished  differently according to
ijichi,the cursed energy registered beforehand.
screen,tokyo
ijichi,when the tokyo school  exorcises one, they burn red.
screen,kyoto
ijichi,when the kyoto school  exorcises one, they burn blue.
ijichi,since maki-san is in the match, any extinguished  by unregistered responses burn red, as well.
screen,tokyo
gojou,one to one, huh?
gojou,no one's paying enough attention to the game.
utahime,why cannot they just get along?
gojou,they must take after you, utahime.
utahime,you are the only one i have an issue with!
ijichi,by the way, panda-kun's  the one who exorcised it.
panda,lucky!
kugisaki,get down here, you damn witch!
momo,i have come down a few times already.
momo,hurry up and try to catch me, first-year!
kugisaki,her cursed energy wind  is strong enough to lift me!
kugisaki,it hurts like hell when pebbles  and branches get caught in it, too!
kugisaki,if i drop my guard, it will gouge my flesh!
kugisaki,how dare you hurt my precious face?
momo,a scar on the face is a  badge of honor for a man.
momo,though it is only a flaw on a woman.
kugisaki,huh?
momo,you think being a jujutsu sorcerer  is all about strength, do not you?
kugisaki,and it actually is.
momo,that is only for men.
kugisaki,huh?
momo,even if they are strong, women have to  be cute, or they will be undervalued.
momo,of course, even if they are cute, they will still  be undervalued if they are not also strong.
momo,do you get it?
momo,they do not demand strength  from female jujutsu sorcerers.
momo,they demand perfection!
momo,and on top of that,
momo,mai-chan is also fighting against  even more outrageous demands.
kugisaki,i get that you are a pain in the ass!
momo,she is only a first-year, and she is  already used to fighting?
momo,she is still going strong,  no matter how often i blast her.
kugisaki,i am used to getting knocked around.
momo,if i up my output any further,  i might kill her.
kugisaki,no, that is just an excuse.
kugisaki,the main reason i cannot attack her
kugisaki,is inumaki-kun.
kamo,cursed speech uses the power of words.
kamo,it imbues cursed energy into sound,
kamo,so you just have to protect your brain  and your ears with cursed energy.
kamo,cursed speech is a technique specialized  for use against cursed spirits.
kamo,like i said before, it is nothing for a sorcerer  to be afraid of if you know it is coming.
momo,conversely, if you do not know whether or not  it is coming, you are constantly distracted.
momo,i am not used to protecting the inside  of my head in the first place...
momo,he is such a nuisance whether he is here or not!
kugisaki,all done with your lecture?!
momo,perfection is easy compared  to what is demanded of mai-chan!
momo,she is from the zenin clan, one of the three major clans of elite jujutsu sorcerers.
momo,perfection is expected  as a matter of course there.
momo,"inherit the zenin clan's  hereditary technique."
momo,any who do not meet that demand start their sorcerer lives as failures.
momo,among those, women are not even  allowed to stand at the starting line.
momo,without the zenin clan lineage,  they are not considered jujutsu sorcerers.
momo,and if they are not jujutsu sorcerers,  they are not considered people.
momo,she is lived her entire life with such scorn  in a family without a shred of affection.
momo,can you imagine how much  mai-chan and others suffered
,just to obtain what we  enjoy as a matter of course?
momo,why do not you try thinking that  over with that brain of yours
momo,that confuses curses for friends?
kugisaki,shut up.
kugisaki,you think misfortune is  a free pass to do anything?
kugisaki,what, then?
kugisaki,you are satisfied with those who are blessed  getting trash-talked behind their backs?
kugisaki,that is how saori-chan...
kugisaki,i cannot stand her, regardless of her upbringing,
kugisaki,and i love maki-san, who  endured the same upbringing.
kugisaki,have you all even bothered to  think about what kind of person
kugisaki,the idiot you are trying to curse is?
kugisaki,what makes us obligated to meet such  perfection or such absurd demands?
kugisaki,is your entire life just a job?!
,straw doll technique: hairpin!
momo,this is why she kept shooting those  nails that did not land any hits?!
momo,tsk!
momo,you might have brought me down,  but you still will not reach me!
kugisaki,no, i reached you.
kugisaki,this is plenty!
momo,my broom's bristle?
momo,she grazed it just now?
kugisaki,i do not give a damn about  "men" this and "women" that!
kugisaki,you can keep that shit to yourselves!
kugisaki,i love myself when i am pretty  and all dressed up!
kugisaki,and i love myself when i am being strong!
kugisaki,i am...
kugisaki,kugisaki nobara!
momo,i cannot control my broom!
kugisaki,if i hit her with my hammer,  i might kill her.
kugisaki,so...
momo,a squeaky hammer?!
kugisaki,one more time!
mai,just barely within effective range.
mai,i am so glad it hit.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
mai,hello? momo?
mai,do not worry, it was a rubber bullet.
mai,more importantly, that light  was ultimate cannon, right?
mai,but i cannot get in touch with mechamaru.
mai,if he was cornered enough to use such  a powerful technique, and now this,
mai,he most likely lost.
mai,panda will likely be returning.
mai,you should leave that spot and  support everyone from the air.
mai,we are all in trouble without you.
momo,yeah.
momo,mai-chan, i...
mai,it is all right, momo. i know.
momo,yeah.
maki,what, not going to call your friends?
maki,i do not mind going two-on-one.
mai,there are many ways to enjoy this, right?
mai,i could have everyone beat you together,
mai,but i would like to enjoy you...
mai,by myself.
maki,call me "onee-chan," little sister.
kugisaki,what do you think of maki-san?
yuuji,she will be mad no matter how i answer!
yuuji,i-i think she is a wonderful woman.
kugisaki,huh? i am talking about as a sorcerer.
yuuji,oh, that? good...
yuuji,honestly, i still do not know  that much about jujutsu,
yuuji,but she is really strong in a fight.
yuuji,maybe it is her balance? the way  she walks is scary on its own.
kugisaki,maki-san's a fourth-grade.
yuuji,huh? seriously?
kugisaki,her family's an annoying clan of sorcerers,
kugisaki,so after she kind of  emancipated herself and left,
kugisaki,they have been interfering with her promotion.
yuuji,i thought families of jujutsu sorcerers  welcomed powerful sorcerers.
kugisaki,they will not acknowledge what  they have already rejected,
kugisaki,because they are idiots.
panda,but if she performs well  at the exchange event
panda,and her name gets spread around,
panda,it will be harder for them to harass her like that.
kugisaki,so let us start by winning the group battle!
kugisaki,fight like you are going to die again!
yuuji,sure.
maki,i can hear you.
maki,jeez.
maki,i should not let myself get distracted.
mai,what are you smiling about?!
mai,so what if she hides out of sight?
mai,is she an idiot, trying  to gain distance from me?
mai,tsk!
mai,from below?!
mai,i already knew.
mai,maki has a talent i do not.
voice a,have you heard about ougi's daughters?
voice a,one cannot even see curses,  let alone use techniques.
voice b,twins are a sign of ill fortune.
voice c,this might actually be a good thing.
voice c,i could not bear to see  an eldest son as a servant.
maki,mai.
maki,what is the matter? hurry up.
mai,no.
maki,what is it?
maki,we will get in trouble if we are late again.
mai,they are there.
maki,again?
maki,all right, fine.
spirit,are you ho... ho...
maki,come on.
maki,close your eyes.
mai,huh?
maki,if you cannot see them,  it is the same as if they are not there.
mai,you have always acted like you had no fear
mai,and plowed forward toward your future.
mai,i hated you.
naobito,you are leaving the clan, maki?
maki,you have plenty of servants, right?
maki,do not worry, though. i will come  back someday, clan leader.
naobito,why would you return?
maki,because i am going to be  the head of the zenin clan!
naobito,then i will put you through  ordeals befitting that!
maki,do as you please.
naobito,and mai, as well.
maki,she has nothing to do with this.
mai,liar.
mai,i hate you!
maki,you fired six shots!
maki,i will not let you reload!
mai,i hate you!
mai,which is why
mai,i never told you about my first love
mai,or my technique!
utahime,"construction" uses one's cursed energy  to create matter from nothing.
utahime,it differs from the manifestation
utahime,of an innate domain within the  barrier of a domain expansion.
utahime,the matter produced by construction does not  disappear when the cursed technique ends.
utahime,because of that, it consumes  a lot of cursed energy
utahime,and puts a heavy strain on the body.
utahime,creating one bullet a day is mai's maximum.
utahime,that is why she uses a revolver to create  an obvious bluff of her bullet count.
mai,i win.
mai,she caught the bullet?
,ow...
maki,i should not touch that with my bare hands.
mai,maki has a talent i do not.
mai,she is similar to mechamaru,
mai,with a heavenly pact that is  somewhat the opposite.
mai,normally, she would have been  born with a cursed technique.
mai,but in exchange for that,
mai,she was granted superhuman  physical abilities.
mai,the zenin clan would not acknowledge it.
mai,that talent i lacked.
maki,i think we can call this settled?
mai,why did you leave the clan?
maki,huh? do i have to spell it out?
maki,you joined jujutsu tech  yourself, did not you?
mai,i...
mai,never wanted to be a jujutsu sorcerer!
mai,it is your fault!
mai,because you tried so hard to be one,
mai,i was forced to put forth effort, too!
mai,i am so sick of trying so hard,  facing pain and scary things!
mai,what was so bad about being  ordered around back home?!
mai,we could have just done a few  chores and lived a normal life!
mai,why would not you stay at  the bottom with me?
maki,because i would have  hated myself if i did that.
maki,that is the only reason.
maki,sorry.
mai,onee-chan, do not let go!
maki,i will not let go.
mai,never?
maki,jeez, give it a rest.
mai,never leave me behind.
maki,of course i will not.
maki,we are sisters.
mai,you liar.
mai,i hate you.
screen,kyoto sister school exchange event group battle zenin mai kugisaki nobara
screen,— retired
screen&three,juju stroll
miwa,i am hungry.
miwa,if i recall, the edamame i had left over  from lunch was in the fridge...
momo,sorry.
miwa,please look at least a little guilty!
cup,seafood
momo,here, have this and forgive me.
miwa,no, i am not interested  in late-night cup ramen.
,hot chili pepper
,milk
momo,how about this?!
momo&screen,nishimiya-style
momo&screen,seafood cup ramen
momo&screen,arrangement!!
momo&screen,nishimiya-style seafood cup ramen arrangement!
momo&screen,one: use scissors to chop up hot chili peppers
momo&screen,into the seafood cup ramen!
momo&screen,two: fill the container halfway with milk.
momo&screen,three: add hot water up to the line inside!
momo&screen,since we are using milk,  make sure the water's boiling hot!
miwa,i-it is good!
miwa,this is really good!
momo,right?
mai,maybe i will try it next time, too.
miwa,you could have just eaten  this if it is so good.
momo,well, you still pay for late-night  cup ramen the next day.
mai,uh-huh.
screen,episode 18: sage