sukuna,this sucks!
sukuna,if you are going to switch, just do it already!
sukuna,what is the matter, brat?
fushiguro,the innate domain's closed off!
fushiguro,the special-grade is dead!
fushiguro,now we just need itadori to return safely...
sukuna,sorry, but he is not coming back.
sukuna,do not be so frightened.
sukuna,i am in a great mood right now.
sukuna,let us chat for a bit.
sukuna,this is what he gets for trying to  use me without any kind of pact.
sukuna,feels like he is having some  trouble switching back.
sukuna,still, though...
sukuna,it is only a matter of time.
sukuna,so...
sukuna,i thought about what i can do right now.
fushiguro,wh-what are you...
sukuna,i am taking this brat hostage.
fushiguro,hostage?!
sukuna,yeah.
sukuna,i can live without this,
sukuna,but that are not true for the brat.
sukuna,switching out with me means he dies.
sukuna,also...
sukuna,for good measure.
fushiguro,sukuna's finger!
fushiguro,that special-grade cursed spirit  in there must have consumed it!
sukuna,with that, i am free as a bird.
sukuna,you can be frightened now.
sukuna,i will kill you!
sukuna,for no particular reason.
fushiguro,our positions are reversed now.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 5:  curse womb must die -ii-
screen,episode 5:  curse womb must die -ii-
fushiguro,the only thing granted equally  to all is an unfair reality.
fushiguro,you just do not get it.
fushiguro,he is...
fushiguro,itadori's coming back.
fushiguro,even if that means he will die.
fushiguro,that is just who he is.
sukuna,you give him too much credit.
sukuna,this guy's just a little tougher  and denser than other humans.
sukuna,just a moment ago, he was scared out  of his mind, on the verge of death,
sukuna,and prattling on about his  regrets and all that nonsense.
sukuna,i know for a fact he does not  have the guts to kill himself.
fushiguro,his arm is restored!
fushiguro,healing...
fushiguro,he can use reverse cursed techniques.
fushiguro,sukuna's incarnated.
fushiguro,even if he can live without a heart,  it should still be damaging to him.
fushiguro,i will make him heal his heart  before itadori returns.
fushiguro,i just have to make him believe he cannot  beat me without a heart in his body!
fushiguro,can i do that...
fushiguro,when i could not even move with  that special-grade in front of me?
fushiguro,it is not about whether i can.
fushiguro,i have to do it!
sukuna,i am finally outside, after all.
sukuna,let us use the open space.
sukuna,interesting.
sukuna,you use shikigami,
sukuna,but you will still come at me yourself?
sukuna,more.
sukuna,more.
sukuna,more!
sukuna,put more curse behind it
sukuna,when you strike me!
fushiguro,orochi!
fushiguro,gang up on him!
sukuna,hey, what did i just say?
sukuna,let us use the open space!
fushiguro,it is not even a matter of jujutsu.
fushiguro,his power
fushiguro,and his agility
fushiguro,are on a different scale.
sukuna,nice technique there.
fushiguro,what do i do?
fushiguro,i used up one of my shikigami  to escape that innate domain.
fushiguro,demon dog white and  orochi are both destroyed...
fushiguro,and nue's at his limit, too.
fushiguro,i should release him  before he gets destroyed.
sukuna,i get it now.
sukuna,so your shikigami are created from shadows.
fushiguro,it makes no difference if he knows that now.
fushiguro,so what?
sukuna,hmm...
sukuna,it is not the generic technique  that uses charms.
sukuna,it is adaptable, too.
sukuna,i do not get it, though.
sukuna,why did you run back then?
sukuna,what a waste of talent.
sukuna,whatever.
sukuna,either way, that will not be enough to fix this.
fushiguro,he is figured it out, huh?
sukuna,you are risking your life over stupid shit.
sukuna,this brat is not even worth that much.
yuuji,then why did you bother saving me?!
fushiguro,the only thing granted equally  to all is an unfair reality.
tsumiki,if i have the time to curse someone,
,i would rather spend it thinking  about those precious to me.
fushiguro,there was no room to doubt  what a good person she was.
fushiguro,she deserved happiness  more than anyone else.
fushiguro,but tsumiki was still cursed.
fushiguro,the father who named me "megumi" with no regard for my gender
fushiguro,is still off living as he pleases somewhere.
fushiguro,karma is not fully automatic.
fushiguro,evil people can only be judged under the law.
fushiguro,jujutsu sorcerers are just another  cog in that machine of retribution.
fushiguro,i want more good people to  enjoy fairness, even if only a few,
fushiguro,so i...
fushiguro,save people unequally!
sukuna,nice.
sukuna,that is it.
sukuna,so this is when you start  burning through your life!
sukuna,now i see.
sukuna,well, in that case...
sukuna,show me, fushiguro megumi!
fushiguro,sacred treasure swing  and ring, ring -eight grip-!
fushiguro,just so you know, i...
fushiguro,do not have any logical reason  for saving you back then.
fushiguro,even if it was dangerous, i could not bear  to see a good person like you die.
fushiguro,i did have my reservations,
fushiguro,but ultimately, it was for  selfish, emotional reasons.
fushiguro,that is fine, though.
fushiguro,i am not a hero.
fushiguro,i am a jujutsu sorcerer.
fushiguro,so i have never once regretted saving you.
yuuji,i see.
yuuji,you really are smart, fushiguro.
yuuji,you have put more thought into this than i have.
yuuji,i think your conviction's a proper one,
yuuji,but i do not think mine is wrong, either.
yuuji,oh, sorry, i am almost done for.
yuuji,guess i will not have to worry about you,  kugisaki, or gojou-sensei.
yuuji,live a long life.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
jougo,well, tell me.
jougo,was there any real reason  to use a precious finger
jougo,to test sukuna's strength?
getou,well, there was not much point to it  with a half-baked test case.
getou,but we did learn a few things.
jougo,hmph. i will be praying that is not just an excuse.
jougo,stop talking! no one  understands what you are saying!
jougo,we do not understand, yet the meaning  flows right into our minds. it is creepy!
sign,café restaurant rice
waitress,welcome!
waitress,would you like a seat for one?
getou,yes, one, please.
ijichi,if you encounter it, your choices  are to either run or die.
ijichi,i warned them that fighting  was absolutely not an option.
gojou,it was intentional.
ijichi,huh? what do you mean?
gojou,there was a special-grade.
gojou,sending first-years to rescue  five who may or may not be alive
gojou,should be out of the question.
gojou,besides, with yuuji,
gojou,i was the one who forced the issue and  got his execution indefinitely suspended.
gojou,some higher-ups who did not like that
gojou,took advantage of my absence  and the special-grade
gojou,to tactfully dispose of him.
gojou,if the other two had also died,  it would be more harassment for me
gojou,and two birds with one stone for them.
ijichi,no, but...
ijichi,no one expected it to become a special-grade  by the time the dispatch was issued.
gojou,searching for someone to blame is just a pain.
gojou,maybe i should just...
gojou,kill all of the higher-ups.
shouko,you are not usually this emotional.
ijichi,it is good to see you, ieiri-san!
shouko,looks to me...
shouko,like you have taken quite a liking to him.
gojou,i have always been a nice guy  who cares for my students.
shouko,do not torment ijichi too much.
shouko,he is got it rough, stuck   between us and the higher-ups.
ijichi,keep going! keep going! keep going!
gojou,i do not care about a man's hardships.
shouko,that so?
shouko,so this is...
shouko,sukuna's vessel, huh?
shouko,i can take him apart as i please, right?
gojou,make sure to get good use out of him.
shouko,oh, i will.
shouko,who do you think i am?
kugisaki,"live a long life"?
kugisaki,does not mean much when  you go and die yourself.
kugisaki,is this your first time having a partner die?
fushiguro,first time for one my age.
kugisaki,you seem to be taking it well, considering.
fushiguro,same to you.
kugisaki,of course.
kugisaki,i only knew him for about two weeks.
kugisaki,i am not some simple woman who breaks down  bawling when a guy i barely know dies.
kugisaki,jeez.
fushiguro,it is hot, huh?
kugisaki,yeah. wonder if it is time for summer uniforms.
maki,what is this?
maki,you are looking more glum than usual, megumi.
maki,this a wake or something?
fushiguro,zenin-senpai.
maki,do not call me by my last name!
panda,maki! maki!
maki,i am talking here.
panda,y-you actually do not know why they are so down?
maki,what are you talking about?
panda,someone really did die yesterday!
panda,one of the first-year boys!
toge,bonito flakes.
maki,you should have told me sooner!
maki,now i look like some heartless,  cold-blooded demon!
panda,that is exactly how you came off.
toge,tuna and mayo.
kugisaki,you are supposed to try  to make me feel better!
kugisaki,who are those guys?
fushiguro,our second-year upperclassmen.
panda,you have to be kinder to your underclassmen.
maki,there is more to kindness  than being soft on them.
fushiguro,zenin-senpai is the best of all the  students at wielding cursed tools.
toge,salmon roe.
fushiguro,that is the cursed speech  user, inumaki-senpai.
fushiguro,he can only speak in  ingredients of rice balls.
panda,he is a bit softer when yuuta's around, though.
fushiguro,panda-senpai.
fushiguro,there is one more, okkotsu-senpai,  who is the only one i can openly respect,
fushiguro,but he is overseas right now.
kugisaki,you are not adding more  about the panda named panda?
panda,man, sorry about this.
panda,and when you are in mourning...
panda,please forgive us for that.
panda,the truth is, we would like you to participate  in the kyoto sister school exchange event.
kugisaki,kyoto sister school exchange event?
kugisaki,what is that?
fushiguro,it is a get-together with the  other tech school in kyoto.
fushiguro,though is not that event  mainly second- and third-years?
maki,and those stupid third-years  are suspended right now.
maki,so you need to participate.
kugisaki,what do you do at this event?
kugisaki,smash bros.?
kugisaki,i will not lose if it is the wii version.
kugisaki,i will meteor smash so you cannot come back.
panda,then let us make a 3-man team.
panda,the exchange event has the principals  of the tokyo and kyoto schools
panda,each propose a form of competition to be held  for an entire day over the course of two days.
panda,though that is just how it is on paper.
panda,every year, the first day is team battles,  and the second day is individual battles.
toge,salmon.
kugisaki,individual and team battles?
kugisaki,we fight?! against other jujutsu sorcerers?!
maki,yeah, it is a jujutsu battle  where anything but killing goes.
panda,we will train you up well  so you will not get killed.
panda,yeah, yeah, yeah!
kugisaki,wait, do you have time for that?
kugisaki,i thought we were short on jujutsu sorcerers.
panda,that is a good question. for now, we are.
sign,winter blues
sign,disrupt autonomic nerves
sign,change in environment
sign,may blues
panda,the glum emotions people harbor  from late winter through spring
panda,because an outburst of curses in the  early summer, so that is our busy season.
maki,sometimes we are busy all year long,
maki,but things should be settling down soon.
kugisaki,huh...
maki,so, you will do it, right?
maki,you just had a partner  die on you, after all.
both,we are in!
kugisaki,i...
fushiguro,i...
both,...have to get stronger.
both,i will do anything to achieve that!
kugisaki,but if i decide this training and exchange  event is pointless, i am quitting instantly.
fushiguro,same here.
panda,well, people this cocky are  all the more worthwhile to train.
toge,bonito flakes.
sign,café restaurant rice
getou,so you are saying your boss
getou,wants to reverse the current  positions of humans and curses.
getou,is that it?
jougo,well, roughly.
jougo,it is slightly different, though.
jougo,humans are made up of lies.
jougo,for every positive action and emotion  they show, there is always a flip-side.
jougo,yet negative emotions like hatred and  hostility are truths without falsehood.
jougo,since we curses are born  from those emotions,
jougo,that makes us true, pure beings!
jougo,imitations should be eliminated!
getou,yet, at present, you are  the ones being eliminated.
jougo,that is why we have come to ask you.
jougo,what can we do to defeat  the jujutsu sorcerers?
getou,if you fulfill two conditions
getou,before going to war, then you can win.
jougo,and what are these two conditions?
getou,the first involves the man known  as the strongest jujutsu sorcerer.
getou,you have to render  gojou satoru incapable of fighting.
getou,the second is to get ryoumen sukuna  and itadori yuuji on your side.
jougo,hold on. he died, did not he?
jougo,that itadori yuuji brat, i mean.
getou,did he, though? i am not so sure.
sukuna,do not look inside me without  permission. i hate it...
sukuna,brat.
screen&voice,juju stroll
toge,salmon.
maki,you stink.
panda,i do not stink.
maki,you stink.
panda,i do not stink!
panda,why are you treating me like an animal?
maki,because you are a panda.
toge,mustard leaf.
maki,you smell like an animal.
maki,i keep telling you to take  a bath, and you never do.
panda,i do not like getting wet.
panda,but unlike you guys, i do not sweat,
panda,and i febreze every day.
panda,so i do not stink.
maki,so that is what happened.
maki,you guys try taking a whiff.
fushiguro,does not really stink.
fushiguro,sort of smells like the sun.
both,sunshine!
screen,episode 6:  after rain