nanami,getting irritated at my own failings
,21:44         tokyo metro, shibuya station exit 13 (outside the veil)
nanami,never has been
nanami,and never will be
nanami,a part of my life.
nanami,i will simply
nanami,confront the evils that  force this reality upon us,
nanami,and i will simply...
nanami,arrogant bastards.
screen,episode 36 dull knife
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
mei,you know my technique, right?
mei,manipulating crows.
mei,that is it.
,22:02 \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\htokyo metro \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbetween meiji shrine station  \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hand shibuya station
mei,weak, right?
mei,that is why i trained myself so  desperately when i was young.
mei,that way, i could fight without my technique.
mei,it was not a waste, either.
mei,being able to overwhelm you  like this proves that to me.
curseuser,stop!
curseuser,i will pull out of this incident now!
curseuser,so please, spare me!
ui,quiet.
ui,nee-sama is still in the middle of talking.
mei,so i used to convince myself
mei,that a sorcerer's true value  was not their technique.
mei,but you know,
mei,i hit my limit.
mei,i could not keep improving  my physical abilities
mei,and the ability to enhance them  with cursed energy forever.
mei,i was crushed.
mei,i had lost heart,
mei,so i decided to confront  my own technique once more,
mei,and that is when i came into full  bloom as a grade 1 sorcerer.
ui,applause.
mei,now i will kill you.
curseuser,huh?!
mei,i just wanted to kill time  chatting, anyway.
curseuser,i am sorry!
curseuser,i will not do anything bad ever again!
curseuser,so please! please spare my life!
mei,ui ui, tell me the value of a life.
mei,how would you measure the weight of a life?
ui,of course!
ui,it is how valuable they  are to you, nee-sama!
mei,thank you.
mei,and you?
curseuser,huh? i-i, you-uh...
mei,you cannot immediately describe the scale you  use to measure the lives you hunt down.
mei,that is why you lost.
mei,coincidentally, i measure  lives by their potential assets.
yuji,huh?
yuji,only the veil keeping sorcerers  out just lifted, right?
yuji,even though we just broke  three of these with ino-san?
,22:04 shuto expressway no. 3 shibuya route  in front of cerulean tower
fushiguro,either they used all three  to lower one veil,
fushiguro,or two were dummies.
fushiguro,either way, now sorcerers  can act freely in shibuya.
fushiguro,that just leaves the veil  trapping gojo-sensei in,
fushiguro,and the veil trapping ordinary people in.
fushiguro,i wanted to ask this geezer all kinds of  questions, but he will not wake up soon.
fushiguro,we should rejoin ino-san and—
fushiguro,ino-san!
grandson/toji,the veil's lifted.
grandson/toji,what now, granny?
grandson/toji,wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-what do we do now?
ogami,it will not hurt to keep  satoru gojo out of play.
ogami,so go down below and kill sorcerers.
ogami,grandson?
toji,who the hell do you think  you are ordering around, old hag?
ogami,what is the meaning of this?!
ogami,i only channeled the body's information!
toji,channeled?
toji,oh, so that is why.
ogami,yes. i have always made it a point not  to channel the soul's information
ogami,in order to prevent accidents  like this ahead of time.
toji,i do not really get it,
toji,but my body's special.
toji,i guess it just means this guy's  soul could not win against my body.
ogami,a soul losing to a body?!
ogami,no!
ogami,that is impossible!
toji,kill sorcerers, huh?
toji,you are a sorcerer, too, right?
maki,they hit ijichi-san?
kugisaki,it sounded like he got attacked  while on the phone with nitta-chan,
kugisaki,so it probably happened  after he left fushiguro's group.
kugisaki,he might be in trouble by himself right now.
maki,nobara, go with akari-san to ijichi-san.
maki,we cannot use our cell phones in here,
maki,so we will not get anywhere  without the assistant supervisors.
maki,i doubt that idiot would ever lose,
maki,but this whole situation  is smelling even fishier.
maki,i will take care of things here for now.
maki,that old man is slacking off too much.
naobito,hey, booze.
maki,ignore him.
maki,now go.
both,right!
maki,once they are outside the veil,
maki,they will be able to run if the worst happens.
yuji,how is ino-san?
fushiguro,he is not... okay,
fushiguro,but he is not dead.
yuji,i am going to punch them.
fushiguro,itadori!
fushiguro,i understand how you feel, but hold back!
fushiguro,what is our highest priority right now?
yuji,gojo-sensei.
fushiguro,the veil was lifted.
fushiguro,the people at the top might  have escaped already anyway.
fushiguro,i will take ino-san with me and  head outside the veil for a bit.
yuji,take care of ino-san for me.
yuji,i will go on ahead to the station.
fushiguro,that is right. that is the best course.
fushiguro,though operating alone in  shibuya right now is not...
fushiguro,all right. but...
yuji,if i die, you will kill me, right?
yuji,do not worry!
yuji,i have mechamaru with me!
yuji,though i have not heard any response  from mechamaru for a while now...
fushiguro,so long as you understand.
fushiguro,see you later.
yuji,yeah!
ui,nee-sama.
mei,looks like the veil has lifted.
mei,the thought of how much i will get for  making satoru gojo owe me a favor
mei,is making me excited.
geto,that was faster than expected.
kugisaki,nitta-chan, stop.
,21:40 shoto bunkamura street (outside the veil)
shigemo,oh, it is a woman in a suit!
shigemo,i am so happy!
shigemo,i was getting sick of them all being men.
kugisaki,nitta-chan, hide.
kugisaki,i will finish this quickly.
kugisaki,pretend to hide in bunkamura,
kugisaki,then keep going and slip through tokyu.
kugisaki,from the way he is talking,  he probably took out ijichi-san.
kugisaki,which means we need to hurry.
nitta,right!
nitta,kugisaki-san, do not push  yourself too hard, either.
shigemo,whispering to each other?
shigemo,you have got me curious now.
shigemo,aw, she went and hid.
shigemo,close one!
kugisaki,coming at me unarmed?  you throwing the match?
shigemo,i met you before, right?
kugisaki,most who rely on cursed tools  are mid- or long-range fighters.
kugisaki,so keep up the attack!
kugisaki,who are you again?
shigemo,shooting nails is dangerous, you know.
kugisaki,i will make it even more dangerous!
nitta,ow!
shigemo,hey, so she was not hiding!
kugisaki,nitta-chan!
shigemo,shoot!
kugisaki,why, you!
kugisaki,the sword he dropped earlier?!
kugisaki,how is it above me?!
shigemo,too bad.
kugisaki,hairpin!
kugisaki,nitta-chan!
shigemo,man, you really are dangerous.
shigemo,oh, did it hit your chin?
shigemo,cannot stand?
shigemo,hey, can you stand?
shigemo,hey, come on...
shigemo,you know,
shigemo,you have gotten an awful lot  stronger since we last met.
shigemo,i did not even recognize you at first.
shigemo,though, you know,
shigemo,being strong is not enough  to win in this world.
shigemo,especially when my technique is involved.
shigemo,though, i do not really understand  my own technique all that well.
shigemo,now, which of you should i kill first?
kugisaki,wh-what...
kugisaki,work, mouth, work!
kugisaki,...are you after?
kugisaki,buy as much time as possible!
shigemo,oh, they said something about  wanting to seal satoru gojo.
kugisaki,i was asking you!
shigemo,oh, me? hmm...
shigemo,what do you think someone  with a great talent and love
shigemo,for soccer would do if they were  born in a world without soccer?
shigemo,that is not right.
shigemo,i cannot explain it well.
shigemo,though, is the reason all that important?
shigemo,who cares?
shigemo,it is fun, right?
shigemo,as long as i have fun, what else matters?!
shigemo,do not you think so, too?
kugisaki,stop it!
shigemo,make me stop.
shigemo,do not let me commit anymore cli—
shigemo,ah, i flubbed it.
shigemo,it is full of phlegm...
shigemo,whoa.
shigemo,you are totally wobbling!
shigemo,yeah, yeah.
shigemo,it was okay, right?
shigemo,to kill people in suits that are not black, too?
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
kugisaki,he came to shibuya with fushiguro, right?
kugisaki,nanami-san?
shigemo,come on now, look around you.
shigemo,why are you strutting this way?
shigemo,cannot you see i am holding  a woman hostage here?
shigemo,huh?
shigemo,huh?
shigemo,she ran away.
nanami,what is the number and  locations of your allies?
shigemo,i do not know.
shigemo,huh? a wall?
shigemo,it did not cut him?!
nanami,what is the number and  locations of your allies?!
smallpox,i do not—
shigemo,huh? i died?
shigemo,i would have died without my technique?!
shigemo,i-i have to run!
nanami,what is the number and  locations of your allies?
shigemo,i told you, i do not—
kugisaki,i will not let you!
shigemo,read the room!
nanami,on my way here,
nanami,i found several of our  assistant supervisors dead.
nanami,that was you, was not it?
shigemo,i-i am sorry.
kugisaki,he is on a different level.
kugisaki,so this is a grade 1 sorcerer!
nanami,let us make our way to nitta-san.
mei,well, now. you, huh?
geto,mei-san, long time no see.
mei,quite the thing to say after sending  an assassin after me, geto-kun.
mei,how is he alive?
mei,did gojo-kun screw up last year?
mei,were gojo-kun and geto-kun in on  this whole commotion together?
mei,no, definitely not.
mei,gojo-kun could kill every person  in this country all on his own.
mei,there would be no need and no point in
mei,setting up these tricks or  getting anyone else involved.
mei,i actually held you in higher regard  than gojo-kun, you know.
mei,your nihilistic smile was quite charming.
mei,it is a bitter shame that  i will have to kill you now.
mei,it really is quite a shame.
mei,this geto-kun is most likely a fake.
geto,mei-san, i think it is a shame, too...
geto,that i have to go after  my former upperclassman.
screen,special-grade disease curse
screen,smallpox deity
mei,curse manipulation?!
mei,did i read this wrong?
geto,the special-grade disease  curse, smallpox deity.
geto,i did use up my stock  of cursed spirits last year,
geto,but they have not lost their quality.
geto,just to be safe, i want to  keep the humans on b5f.
geto,i will be waiting down this line.
geto,if you manage to exorcise that,  i will take you on.
mei,domain expansion?!
mei,this is a little troublesome.
mei,i have been trapped?
mei,in a coffin, i suppose?
ui,nee-sama!
smallpox,three, two...
mei,how many years has it been...
mei,since something threatened my life?
ui,nee-sama!
,22:10 shibuya station premises
yuji,there is absolutely no one here!
yuji,i thought there was a huge  crowd trapped inside the station?
nitta,so ijichi-san's okay, then?
nanami,i did what i could, and he was  originally aiming to be a sorcerer.
nanami,though it looks you all really  have not heard about gojo-san yet.
nitta,we entered the building right away,  so that was probably why.
kugisaki,the fact that he is still holding out  after being sealed makes it sound real.
nanami,you two, please wait here for rescue.
nanami,i will join zen'in-san,  and we will head down to b5f.
kugisaki,i will go, too!
nanami,no, you will not.
nanami,i am the minimum level required  for the fights ahead.
nanami,you would hinder me, and be in the way.
nanami,please wait here.
choso,yuji itadori!
choso,i will avenge my brothers!
yuji,ijichi-san! i will help you with work!
ijichi,it is fine. i am fine.
kugisaki,do not be shy!
kugisaki,we are from the digital native generation!
kugisaki,excel, power point, they are nothing!
ijichi,i mean it. i am really fine.
fushiguro,next time, "red scale."
screen,next episode red scale
yuji,what is "merge cells"?
kugisaki,do it, do it!
ijichi,seriously, go away!