curse,got you!
yuji,what was that blood he spat out?
yuji,poison?
curse,what is this?
curse,you are strong.
curse,that is no fun.
kugisaki,straw doll technique:
kugisaki,resonance!
fushiguro,how many of them are there?
kugisaki,we should just keep going  like it is whack-a-mole, huh?
fushiguro,yeah.
fushiguro,keep going.
fushiguro,keep exorcising them for me.
fushiguro,we will crush every last one of them.
fushiguro,it likely will not retaliate.
kugisaki,you mean its main body  does not have much offense
,since its technique covers a  wide area, even limited as it is?
fushiguro,i am only saying it is likely.
fushiguro,all the things we were worried about— its technique's range,
fushiguro,the number of victims, the barrier—
fushiguro,all of those are subtracting  from its main body.
fushiguro,we are lucky.
fushiguro,we will be able to exorcise it quickly, then.
fushiguro,which means... the real  problem comes afterward.
fushiguro,kugisaki!
kugisaki,i will be fine.
kugisaki,you just whack the mole.
fushiguro,damn it!
fushiguro,she gets sucked away so often!
fushiguro,but what was that just now?
fushiguro,the mole?
fushiguro,that earlier one?
fushiguro,it is neither!
yuji,kugisaki?
curse,oh, hey, it is my older brother!
curse,me, too!
yuji,it fled?!
yuji,should i let it go?
fushiguro,chase after it!
fushiguro,kugisaki and that thing both  went outside the barrier!
fushiguro,she might be battling against something  more troublesome than we expected!
fushiguro,in contrast, things are far  easier here than anticipated!
fushiguro,i can handle this by myself!
fushiguro,prioritize kugisaki! go after it!
yuji,if things get bad in here,
yuji,then you come out, too.
kugisaki,why, you...
kugisaki,do not touch me!
eso,you are a woman?
eso,well, pardon me.
eso,we brothers were tasked with an errand.
eso,but killing jujutsu sorcerers  is not part of that.
eso,if you withdraw, we will let you escape,
eso,young lady.
kugisaki,an errand?
eso,hm? i presumed you were  on the same errand.
kugisaki,a cursed spirit? a curse user?
kugisaki,which is he?
kugisaki,and what is that smell?
fushiguro,last one!
fushiguro,your sneak attack's too simple.
fushiguro,i told you, it is too simple.
fushiguro,did i exorcise them all?
fushiguro,that takes care of tsumiki for now.
fushiguro,now to...
fushiguro,one survived?
fushiguro,that was not its main body just now?
fushiguro,the barrier has not collapsed, either.
fushiguro,what?
fushiguro,i should not try too hard to find logic  in a cursed spirit's behavioral patterns,
fushiguro,but that fact had been  nagging me this whole time.
fushiguro,why did it just start killing  humans it had marked now?
fushiguro,the first one was killed in june.
fushiguro,and in june...
eso,our objective here...
eso,is to retrieve sukuna's finger.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 23: the origin of blind obedience - 2 -
screen,episode 23: the origin of blind obedience - 2 -
fushiguro,some have a presence  that is too overwhelming.
fushiguro,some keep very quiet.
fushiguro,some have already been  absorbed by a cursed spirit.
fushiguro,this is resonance.
fushiguro,sukuna's finger kept its power repressed
fushiguro,within the cursed spirit  that had absorbed it,
fushiguro,but back in june,
fushiguro,when sukuna manifested in itadori,  it released its cursed energy.
fushiguro,it looks the same
fushiguro,as the one from the juvenile detention center,  but it is probably several degrees...
fushiguro,stronger!
fushiguro,nue!
gojo,okay, i win again.
gojo,this is unusual.
gojo,you rarely ask me to train you, megumi.
gojo,are you in a rush after yuji surpassed you?
fushiguro,well, beggars cannot be choosers.
gojo,it bothers you that much to rely on me?
gojo,megumi, listen.
gojo,i think you have just as much ability  and potential as yuji does.
gojo,the problem is just your mindset.
gojo,megumi,
gojo,you do not know how to  bring out your best, do you?
fushiguro,huh?
fushiguro,are you saying i have not  been giving it my best?
gojo,i am not saying you have not. i am saying you cannot.
gojo,for example, in the baseball game the other day...
gojo,why did you go for a sacrifice bunt?
gojo,did you want nobara to advance the bases,
,even if it meant you would be out?
gojo,that is a splendid attitude,
gojo,but yuji and i would  always go for a home run.
gojo,i am not saying a bunt is bad.
gojo,baseball is a team sport,
gojo,and everyone has their role to play.
gojo,but jujutsu sorcery is an individual sport.
fushiguro,coordinating with other sorcerers  is important, is not it?
gojo,sure.
gojo,but no matter how many  allies you have around you,
gojo,when you die, you will be alone.
gojo,you can only piece together  undervalued data on yourself and others.
gojo,you cannot imagine a stronger  future version of yourself.
gojo,maybe that is because of your trump card?
gojo,you believe that in the worst case,
gojo,you can resolve everything  at the cost of your life.
gojo,but at that point, forget about me.
gojo,you will never even measure up to nanami.
gojo,dying to win and risking death to win...
gojo,are completely different, megumi.
gojo,give it your best.
gojo,be greedier.
fushiguro,how many seconds was i unconscious?
fushiguro,my demon dog's destroyed...
fushiguro,no, the technique was released.
fushiguro,this is it for me.
fushiguro,sacred treasure, swing...
sukuna,what a waste of talent.
fushiguro,screw it!
gojo,a jujutsu sorcerer's growth curve
gojo,is not necessarily a gentle slope.
sukuna,back then, why did you run?
fushiguro,spit out the entire depths of my shadow...
fushiguro,worry about a specific structure later,
fushiguro,and just push it out as soon  as i collect the cursed energy.
fushiguro,imagine a future version of myself  who is freely surpassed my limits!
fushiguro,i will do it!
gojo,with a strong foundation,
gojo,and a little bit of sense and imagination,
gojo,it just takes the slightest trigger  to change a person.
fushiguro,domain expansion:
fushiguro,chimera shadow garden!
fushiguro,it is incomplete!
fushiguro,it is ugly work at best.
fushiguro,but for now, that is fine!
fushiguro,broaden it...
fushiguro,more freely!
fushiguro,the interpretation
fushiguro,of the technique!
fushiguro,demon dog totality's claws  were able to injure that thing.
fushiguro,they would have no trouble piercing through  you when you are caught off-guard.
fushiguro,i am tired.
fushiguro,now, where are those guys?
sukuna,good!
sukuna,that is good!
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
fushiguro,there is one fundamental rule  for interacting with others.
fushiguro,do you know what that is?
boy,i do not.
fushiguro,it is "i will not kill you,
fushiguro,so please do not kill me, either."
fushiguro,you can substitute "kill"  for anything you please.
fushiguro,the point is drawing a line where you agree  not to infringe on the other person.
fushiguro,in order for both people to exist together,
fushiguro,they need that rule.
fushiguro,breaking that rule, swaggering about,
,and having others trying not to anger you
fushiguro,must have felt real pleasant.
fushiguro,next time you do it in  front of me, i will kill you.
boy,what did we ever do to you?
fushiguro,figure it out yourself,
fushiguro,or go die.
teacher,hey!
aida,t-t-t-t-today's the day i tell  off ikezawa and his buddies!
aida,i am not their gofer anymore!
friend a,you can do it, aida-shi!
friend b,but i might become their next target,
friend b,so do not try too hard, aida-shi!
aida,hey, come on, fatty!
aida,i am changing the line!
aida,i will tell them this fatty is my  replacement starting today!
boy,you would sell your friend out, aida-shi?!
aida,shut up!
tsumiki,megumi.
friend a,huh?
friend a,is not that ikezawa and his  buddies piled up over there?
tsumiki,you said you would not fight anymore.
fushiguro,do not act like you are my guardian.
fushiguro,i hate bad people.
fushiguro,they act so damn superior when  their empathy and imagination
fushiguro,are as empty as a vacant lot.
fushiguro,i cannot deal with good people.
fushiguro,they forgive those bad people.
fushiguro,then they view the act of  forgiveness as a noble thing.
fushiguro,makes me want to vomit.
fushiguro,tsumiki's a model example of a good person.
fushiguro,you disgust me.
tsumiki,oh, sorry.
tsumiki,i did not think it would spill out.
fushiguro,when i was in first grade,
fushiguro,my father and tsumiki's mother,
fushiguro,one parent each, hooked up...
fushiguro,and then vanished without a trace.
fushiguro,a suspicious white-haired man told us...
gojo,you know, your dad...
gojo,he is from the zen'in clan,  a big clan among jujutsu sorcerers,
gojo,but they are such good-for-nothings,  it freaks even me out.
gojo,your father left the clan to have you.
gojo,megumi-kun,
gojo,your father was saving you as the ultimate  card to use against the zen'in clan.
gojo,pisses you off, does not it?
fushiguro,that solved the mystery of how  they got the funds to disappear.
fushiguro,apparently, i had been sold  to that zen'in clan.
fushiguro,yeah, it pisses me off.
fushiguro,especially your lack of tact about it.
fushiguro,plus, that irritating man stopped  my sale to the zen'in clan,
fushiguro,and used the promise that i would work  as a jujutsu sorcerer as collateral
fushiguro,to get financial aid from  jujutsu high to support us both.
fushiguro,what is this jujutsu sorcerer crap, anyway?
fushiguro,it is bullshit.
fushiguro,who the hell would i ever save?
girl,hey, tsumiki!
girl,what are you doing?
girl,megumi-kun, ciao!
tsumiki,nothing.
girl,hey, hold on.
girl,so did you give any thought  to the test of courage?
tsumiki,i do not want to go, but i will go  because i am worried about you.
fushiguro,shortly after i started ninth grade,
fushiguro,tsumiki was cursed.
fushiguro,the identity was unknown. the origin was unknown.
fushiguro,but apparently there were several  victims of the same curse nationwide.
fushiguro,all i found out was that  nobody knew anything,
fushiguro,and tsumiki was left bedridden.
tsumiki,if i have the time to curse someone,
,i would rather spend it thinking  about those precious to me.
fushiguro,she always smiled and spouted pretty ideals.
tsumiki,not forgiving people is not a bad thing.
tsumiki,that is just part of your kindness, is not it?
fushiguro,she even accepted my disposition.
fushiguro,yet tsumiki would get genuinely  angry whenever i hurt someone, too.
fushiguro,that irritated me because
fushiguro,i thought it was hypocritical in light  of her leave-others-be policy,
fushiguro,but now i realize i had the wrong idea.
fushiguro,just as i choose who i save,
fushiguro,she was choosing me to worry about.
fushiguro,i am sorry.
fushiguro,i was just a kid.
fushiguro,i will apologize.
fushiguro,so wake up already, stupid sister.
fushiguro,damn, my head hurts...
fushiguro,this yasohachi bridge curse  was just overlapping the other one.
fushiguro,i doubt the curse that put tsumiki  into a coma was undone.
fushiguro,now, how do i break the news  about the finger... to... itadori...
screen,m 0 0 l 0 -150 l 98 -150 l 96 0
screen,fushiguro fell asleep
eso,a huge presence suddenly appeared.
eso,did sukuna's finger leave the barrier?
eso,if a sorcerer exorcised the finger's host,
eso,they are quite good.
kugisaki,but even if the finger's...
kugisaki,even if the special-grade  cursed spirit was defeated,
kugisaki,they would not come out unscathed.
kugisaki,i hope they are okay.
eso,i misspoke.
eso,please forget what i just said.
kugisaki,hold on!
kugisaki,he is going after the finger!
kugisaki,you think you can mock me  by running like that
kugisaki,and still get away from me?
eso,i am a bit insecure about my back, you see.
eso,this is your warning.
eso,if you see my back, i will kill—
yuji,oh, kugisaki!
curse,oh, brother!
eso,y-y-y-you saw, did not you?!
yuji,huh?! who?!
curse,sorry, brother!
yuji,sorry, i guess?
curse,it was not on purpose!
curse,it was not on purpose!
eso,i will kill you!
kugisaki,then why are you dressed like that?
kugisaki,is that the source of this weird smell?
eso,because it gets musty!
,rot technique, supreme art: wing king!
,death...
,by wasp!
all&screen,juju stroll
yuji,sensei!
yuji,kugisaki!
gojo,huh?
kugisaki,so annoying.
kugisaki,it is too hot for your craziness.
yuji,fushiguro's getting hit on!
gojo,formation b!
all,roger!
both,fushiguro-kyun!
kugisaki,who is that woman?!
kugisaki,have you forgotten the night  you toasted to my eyes?
yuji,was it all a lie when you said your time  with me was the most enjoyable of all?!
kugisaki,that night! that night!
fushiguro,what?
,seriously, what?
gojo,could you not touch him so casually, please,
gojo,you homewreckers?!
gojo,megumi-chan has violin practice with me now.
gojo,let us go home, megumi-chan.
gojo,today i will have you master  "twinkle twinkle little star."
fushiguro,it is okay.
fushiguro,do not mind them. just go ahead.
fushiguro,the station's straight ahead.
woman,thank you so much.
all,huh?
fushiguro,okay, seriously, what is this?
fushiguro,could you stop? you are embarrassing me.
fushiguro,explain!
yuji,ow!
screen,episode 24: complicity