sign,kanagawa prefectural satozakura high school
sign,movie club
postertop,who will be the one to scream!?
posterbottom,super scary movie 7
friend a,what? the super scary movie series went up to 5?
junpei,up to 7, actually.
friend b,for real?
friend b,the seventh one must be really out there.
junpei,it became a completely different thing by 7.
junpei,it is not even a parody movie anymore.
friend a,then what kind of movie is it?
junpei,convoluted sitcom plus  lineage horror, i suppose?
friend a,what the heck?
junpei,by a total fluke, and the grandchild of  the main character from 1 ends up living
junpei,in a shared house with the  grandchild of the culprit from 2
junpei,and the grandchild of the  first person who died in 3,
junpei,but it turns out it is a haunted house,  so they call in a spirit medium.
junpei,that is the story.
friend b,sounds boring.
junpei,it bored me to death.
friend a,who would watch something like that?
junpei,what is interesting, though,  is that the guy from 5 and 6—
sayama,huh?
sayama,what are you doing here?
sayama,did not i tell you not to use this room  because we are making it our club room now?
junpei,b-but you have not been using it lately,  so i thought it was fine now.
itou,so?
junpei,so, well, um...
sayama,just get out of here already,  you cockroaches!
friend a,l-let us go, yoshino.
honda,next time you use it, we will send you flying!
nishimura,oh, score!
friend b,hey, what are you doing?!
itou,what?
junpei,i am taking it home.
itou,huh?
junpei,move your foot.
friend a,hey, stop it...
junpei,i am taking this home.
junpei,so could you move your foot?
friend a;b,shit!
itou,close the door.
honda,roger.
sign,movie club
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 10: idle transfiguration
screen,episode 10: idle transfiguration
junpei,i wonder if the first person to say  "the opposite of fondness is indifference"
junpei,went to hell like they should have.
junpei,it is just not possible that interacting maliciously with others
junpei,could be more proper than leaving them alone.
junpei,"the opposite of fondness is hate."
junpei,japanese people love that.
junpei,they like to gloat over  complicating a simple answer.
mahito,the man who coined that  phrase was not japanese.
junpei,i am talking about the mistaken translation.
junpei,the original phrase,  spoken by some foreigner,
junpei,was "the opposite of love  is indifference," right?
junpei,there are various definitions of "love,"  so "indifference" works as an antonym there.
mahito,that is true.
junpei,but we generally do not use  "love" very much, right?
junpei,that is why, in this country,
junpei,it got changed to "fondness" at some point.
junpei,that version spread without any thought  as to whether the opposing definitions
junpei,of "love" and "indifference" still held true.
mahito,everyone likes a little wordplay.
mahito,after all, humans cannot live  without making up excuses.
junpei,what is this?
mahito,an experiment to see just how  large i can make a single human.
mahito,on that one, i tried to see  how small i could make one.
junpei,this is...
junpei,a human?
mahito,are you used to corpses, junpei?
junpei,i do not know.
junpei,if this was my mother, i might lose control
junpei,and end up hating you.
junpei,but i already know how  repulsive humans can be.
junpei,that is why i do not expect  anything from other people,
junpei,nor do i think much of it when  someone i do not know dies.
junpei,indifference is the virtue  people ought to strive for.
mahito,and despite that, you want revenge.
junpei,are you trying to say that is contradictory?
mahito,do you believe people have hearts?
junpei,huh? do they not?
mahito,they do not.
mahito,they have souls,
mahito,but souls are not hearts.
junpei,then what about my—
mahito,i am the only person in this world who  understands the composition of souls.
mahito,after all, i change the shape of other  creatures by making contact with them.
mahito,all emotions are the result  of the soul's metabolism.
mahito,they are far too mechanical to call hearts.
mahito,people place too much value  on things they cannot see.
mahito,i can see them,
mahito,and souls are no more special  than physical bodies.
mahito,they are just there.
mahito,do you get it?
mahito,there is no value or importance to life.
mahito,life just continues its cycle,
mahito,same as the waters of the world.
mahito,that is true for both you and me.
mahito,our lives are meaningless and have no value.
bigperson,li...
mahito,and that is why we can do anything we want.
mahito,we are free to live our  lives however we please.
mahito,you cannot let yourself get trapped  in an ideal of indifference.
mahito,there is no need for consistency  in how you live your life.
mahito,just as you eat when you get hungry,  you can kill someone if you hate them.
mahito,i will sanction you fully.
ijichi,there he is.
yuuji,huh? casual clothes?
ijichi,it looks like he has not  attended school for some time.
yuuji,the same could be said for me, though.
yuuji,so are the others doing well?
toge,tuna, tuna!
ijichi,i hear they are doing quite well.
yuuji,so what do we do?
ijichi,we use that.
yuuji,huh? is that a cursed spirit?
ijichi,it is a fly head,
ijichi,a low-level curse that does not  even qualify as grade 4.
ijichi,once we reach a place with no people,  we will have it attack him.
yuuji,huh?!
ijichi,one: if he is a normal person  who cannot perceive curses,
ijichi,please save him.
ijichi,two: if he can perceive it,  but has no means to deal with it,
ijichi,likewise, please save him.
ijichi,then we will question him  about the day of the incident.
ijichi,three: if he exorcises  the fly head with jujutsu...
ijichi,we immediately restrain him.
yuuji,by force?
ijichi,by force.
ijichi,if it is a misunderstanding, that is fine.  we will apologize after the fact.
ijichi,however...
ijichi,four: if yoshino junpei possesses potential  equal to or greater than a grade 2 sorcerer,
ijichi,we retreat and meet back up with nanami-san.
yuuji,i think i can just barely handle a grade 2.
ijichi,if this were a cursed spirit, yes.
,huh?
ijichi,fushiguro-kun mentioned  it before, remember?
ijichi,typically, cursed spirits are assigned  to sorcerers of equal grade.
screenwhite,sorcerer
screenwhite,special
screenwhite,one
screenwhite,two
screenwhite,three
screenwhite,four
screenblack,cursed spirit
screenblack,special
screenblack,one
screenblack,two
screenblack,three
screenblack,four
screencenter,strong
screencenter,weak
ijichi,that means a grade 2 sorcerer would be  expected to beat grade 2 cursed spirits.
ijichi,so a grade 2 sorcerer possesses strength  close to a grade 1 cursed spirit.
yuuji,why was not i ever told  something that important?
ijichi,because gojou-san's so irresponsible...
ijichi,we will get out of the car here.
yuuji,this feels like i am doing all the work,  and i am really not into it.
nanami,if you plan to come out,  please hurry up and do so.
nanami,they may be disfigured and beyond saving,
nanami,but murdering people makes me sick.
mahito,ah, what a relief.
mahito,i would be in trouble if gojou satoru were here,
mahito,but it is not much of an  experiment if you are too weak.
nanami,i hate overtime, so let us just...
nanami,finish this quickly.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
gojou,i will murder you!
nanami,they are similar.
nanami,that picture-perfect frivolity,
nanami,and the sinister strength behind it.
mahito,i did block it, did not i?  with cursed energy.
mahito,is it that kind of technique?
nanami,what do you mean, "that kind"?
nanami,i hate abstract questions that  leave interpretation up to others.
mahito,that is good.
mahito,so you do not hate chatting, then.
nanami,it depends on the person.
nanami,this cursed spirit is capable  of conversing quite well,
nanami,just like the two unregistered  special-grades in gojou-san's report.
nanami,i suppose it would be unnatural  for them to be unrelated.
mahito,hey, tell me.
mahito,which do you think came first,  the soul or the body?
mahito,come on, you know.
mahito,it is like the question of whether  the chicken or the egg came first.
mahito,do you think the soul resides in the body?
mahito,or do you think the body  forms around the soul?
nanami,i have to listen, i guess...
nanami,the former.
mahito,bzzt! the answer is the latter.
mahito,the soul always exists before the body.
mahito,the shape of the body is pulled  along by the shape of the soul.
mahito,i am not healing.
mahito,i am just strongly maintaining  the shape of my own soul.
mahito,you understand now, do not you?
mahito,my technique is to make contact  with the soul and alter its shape.
mahito,idle transfiguration.
mahito,i keep a stockpile of humans.
mahito,it is rather difficult, though.
mahito,normal people eventually die  when their shape is transfigured.
mahito,but what about jujutsu sorcerers?
nanami,it is 5:30 pm.
nanami,i started work at 10 am today,
nanami,so i am getting off at 6 pm,  no matter what it takes.
sotomura,yoshino.
sotomura,where were you?
sotomura,you know you should not be skipping school.
junpei,sotomura-sensei.
sotomura,did you hear?
sotomura,apparently sayama, nishimura,  and honda are dead.
sotomura,you were friends with them, were not you?
sotomura,they spent a lot of time with you  when you had no other friends, right?
sotomura,yet you did not even attend their funerals...
sotomura,honestly, what is wrong with you?
junpei,friends?
sotomura,you should go light some incense  for them. i will even go with you.
junpei,me... and them?
junpei,he is insane.
sotomura,come on.
junpei,you teachers...
junpei,you graduate from school  and then go work in schools,
junpei,so you do not actually experience  the real world, do you?
junpei,that is how we end up with  overgrown children like you, is not it?
sayama,here, say "ahh."
junpei,every last one of them!
nishimura,look over here!
mahito,i will sanction you fully.
sotomura,what are you mumbling about?
sotomura,did you lose your mind from  self-isolation? just kidding.
yuuji,stop!
yuuji,oh, this guy...
yuuji,can see it.
yuuji,ow!
yuuji,damn, that hurt!
screen,five seconds before the operation
yuuji,glance.
ijichi,here we go, itadori-kun!
yuuji,time out! there is someone there!
ijichi,huh?
yuuji,oh, no!
yuuji,thank goodness.
sotomura,what? you a gymnast or something?
yuuji,hey, i have some things  i want to ask you about.
yuuji,would you come with me?
yuuji,come on.
junpei,that button...
sotomura,hold on.
sotomura,he and i were just talking.
sotomura,you are rude!
yuuji,uh, well, it is a rather important matter.
sotomura,an important matter?
sotomura,you are just a kid! what is so important?
sotomura,and what uniform is tha—
yuuji,plop!
sotomura,what are you doing, you brat?!
sotomura,stop! stop this!
sotomura,do not run off with them!
sotomura,w-wait!
junpei,what was that about?
yuuji,okay, now, let us go!
junpei,huh?! that was fast!  you already ran that entire lap?!
yuuji,yeah.
junpei,you did not have to go through all that.
junpei,you could have just dragged me away.
yuuji,well, sure.
yuuji,but you hate that guy, do not you?
junpei,how do you...
yuuji,just a hunch.
yuuji,oh, was i wrong?
junpei,you are not wrong.
yuuji,you do not want someone you hate loitering  in front of your home forever, right?
yuuji,let us head over there for now.
junpei,sure.
mahito,your mobility is impressive.
mahito,this is so fun!
nanami,so the person's original mass is irrelevant  when it comes to changing their shape?
nanami,either way, it is a bad  match-up for my technique.
boy,...elp me!
boy,help... me!
shouko,you cannot save anyone  once they have been reshaped.
shouko,if they attack, kill them without hesitation.
shouko,that is better for the victims, too.
mahito,oh, sorry.
mahito,i have practiced a lot,
mahito,so they do not die right away  when i change their size,
mahito,but their... brains? awareness?
mahito,i still lack precision with that,
mahito,so sometimes their souls sweat like that.
mahito,do not worry about it. let us continue.
nanami,i am not worried about it.
nanami,it is my policy not to bring  personal feelings into work.
mahito,you suck at lying!
mahito,your soul is trembling.
mahito,so you are... what grade?
nanami,grade 1.
mahito,no wonder you are strong.
mahito,you will make the best test subject.
mahito,luck's really on my side.
mahito,i am grateful.
mahito,surprised my speed suddenly increased?
mahito,i can alter the shape of my own soul, too.
mahito,jujutsu sorcerers can protect  their bodies with cursed energy,
mahito,but they are not protecting their souls.
mahito,for starters, you have to  be aware of your own soul.
mahito,it is not possible to protect  it if you cannot do that.
mahito,but it looks like you subconsciously covered  your soul somewhat with cursed energy.
mahito,if you had not, you would already  be under my control.
mahito,although, once i touch you two or three  more times, you will cease to be human.
mahito,i am not letting you go!
mahito,was that it, grade 1 sorcerer?
mahito,you did well running around,  but you are at your limit, are not you?
nanami,unfortunately...
mahito,what?
mahito,his cursed energy's increasing?
nanami,i am going into overtime now.
both&screen,juju stroll
kugisaki,fushiguro!
kugisaki,have you seen my uniform jacket?
fushiguro,no, i have not.
kugisaki,that is weird.
kugisaki,i left it right here...
kugisaki,oh, panda-senpai. have you seen my uniform?
panda,i have not seen it.
kugisaki,really?
kugisaki,i wonder where it could have gone.
kugisaki,hey, my skirt's not here, either.
kugisaki,that is a line that cannot be crossed.
toge,mustard leaf!
toge,bonito flakes!
kugisaki,jeez, you are both trash.
fushiguro,this image is crazy.
kugisaki,huh?
kugisaki,this is maki-san's.
gojou,heya!
gojou,i am kugisaki nobara!
screen,episode 11:  narrow-minded