riko,it is from kuroi.
riko,wh-what do we do?!
riko,kuroi has...
riko,kuroi has been...
kuroi,there is always a chance  the worst could happen.
kuroi,you are much faster than me,
kuroi,so go on ahead! hurry to riko's side!
geto,i am sorry. this was my mistake.
gojo,really?
gojo,i do not think this even counts as a mistake.
geto,i underestimated how much our  enemies would value kuroi-san.
gojo,their next move
gojo,will probably be offering to  arrange an exchange for her.
gojo,something like trading amanai for kuroi-san,
gojo,or saying they will kill kuroi-san  if we do not kill amanai.
gojo,but we have the leverage in any  negotiations since we have amanai.
gojo,as long as they set up  the location for the deal,
gojo,we can make it work out.
gojo,i am taking amanai back to jujutsu high now.
gojo,we can have shoko or someone  stand in as her body double.
riko,h-hold on!
riko,i am going to this deal, too!
riko,i still cannot trust you two yet!
gojo,huh?! you are still saying  that after all this, you—
riko,even if you do manage to save her...
riko,what if kuroi is not back before  i assimilate with tengen-sama?
riko,i have not...
riko,i have not even said goodbye to her!
gojo,the kidnapper will reach  out to us eventually.
gojo,if they seem like they are  smarter than we expect,
gojo,and bringing you with us is likely to  hurt kuroi-san's chance of survival...
gojo,then we will leave you behind.
riko,all right. that works.
gojo,in exchange,
gojo,if you get scared partway through and  want to go home, we will just ignore you.
gojo,bear that in mind.
both,mensore!
screen,protection mission day 2
screen,okinawa
screen,episode 27 hidden inventory 3
screen,jujutsu kaisen hidden inventory/premature death
kuroi,i cannot believe i got captured  by the star religious group,
kuroi,and by a non-sorcerer at that.
kuroi,i am ashamed of myself.
geto,you could not help it if they  caught you off-guard.
geto,part of the blame lies with me, too.
kuroi,was i really caught off-guard?
kuroi,i thought i was on high alert  after the incident with q.
riko,kuroi!
kuroi,i still do not have much  recollection of being attacked.
kuroi,and you all came here by plane?
kuroi,were you okay?
kuroi,you were not attacked?
geto,satoru has good eyes.
geto,before we took off, he checked over  all the passengers and staff,
geto,as well as the inside  and outside of the plane.
geto,and while we were in the air, i had  my cursed spirit keep watch outside.
geto,it was safer than using a land route.
geto,i am more curious as to why
geto,they designated okinawa for the exchange.
kuroi,probably to buy time, right?
screentop,travel schedule  day 1  13:30 kuroi kidnapped  21:00 kidnappers designate okinawa for the exchange
screencenter,day 2  09:00 gojo, geto, amanai arrive in okinawa  11:00 rescue kuroi, capture kidnappers  12:00 finish interrogation  13:00 swimming at the beach (now!) 15:00 
screenright,day 3  11:00 amanai's bounty taken down  assimilate with tengen-sama after sunset!
kuroi,even if they fail to kill riko-sama,
kuroi,they could keep her from making  tomorrow's full moon deadline.
screenbottomright,assimilate with tengen-sama after sunset!
screenbottomright,protection mission finished
geto,if that were the goal,
geto,they would choose a rural area  with poor transit infrastructure.
kuroi,you do not think they are planning  to take over the airport, do you?
geto,maybe so.
geto,but we will be fine.
geto,we are not the only ones who came here.
building,naha airport
building,domestic flights
nanami,clearly this is not a mission  fit for a first-year.
screen,m 0 0 l 136 0 l 136 200 l 0 200
screen,jujutsu high first-year nanami kento
haibara,i am psyched, though!
screen,m 0 0 l 136 0 l 136 200 l 0 200
screen,jujutsu high first-year haibara yu
haibara,i want to show off in front of geto-san, too!
haibara,besides, i hear our upperclassmen  are wearing themselves to the bone
haibara,to protect an innocent young girl!
haibara,so we have to give it our all, too!
nanami,if a typhoon rolls in and shuts down the  airports, our efforts will be for naught.
screen,m 0 0 l 120 0 l 120 146 l 0 146
screen,upperclassman wearing  himself to the bone
gojo,sea cucumber, sea cucumber!
riko,gross! that is so gross!
kuroi,should we really be sightseeing like this?
geto,satoru's the one who suggested it.
geto,he is probably showing consideration  for riko-chan, in his own way.
geto,though it is getting close...
geto,satoru! it is time.
gojo,oh, it is that time already?
riko,boo.
gojo,suguru, let us head back  tomorrow morning instead.
geto,but...
gojo,the weather's holding steady, right?
gojo,besides...
gojo,there are fewer curse users in  okinawa than there are in tokyo.
screen,curse users
geto,let us keep it a little more serious, satoru.
gojo,it is better if the time limit on the bounty  runs out while we are mid-flight, right?
kuroi,young lady, a starfish.
riko,so it is!
geto,satoru.
geto,you have not released your technique  since yesterday, have you?
geto,you have not slept, either.
geto,and you do not plan to sleep tonight, do you?
geto,are you sure we do not need  to go back to jujutsu high?
gojo,it is not a problem.
gojo,playing through 99 years of momotetsu  was far more draining.
gojo,besides, you are here, too.
haibara,nanami, they said they are  extending their stay another day!
haibara,you think something happened?!
screen,tokyo jujutsu high, foothills of mt. mushiro
screen,protection mission day 3 15:00
geto,good work, everyone.
geto,we are inside jujutsu high's barrier now.
riko,what a relief.
kuroi,yes.
geto,satoru.
geto,you really worked hard this time.
gojo,i never want to get stuck  babysitting a brat again.
riko,huh?
geto,impossible!
geto,we are inside jujutsu high's barrier!
gojo,have we met before?
toji,do not worry about it.
toji,i am terrible at remembering guys' names, too.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
toji,i once went to see the brat born into  the gojo clan with the six eyes on a lark.
toji,never before or after that
toji,had anyone noticed me standing behind them.
toji,that is why i wore him down...
toji,until his senses dulled.
geto,satoru!
gojo,i am fine.
gojo,i did not make it in time with my technique, but it missed my vitals.
gojo,i then strengthened myself  with cursed energy
gojo,so the blade could not be drawn out at all.
gojo,it was like passing a safety  pin through a knit sweater.
gojo,seriously, i am fine.
gojo,prioritize amanai first.
gojo,i will deal with this guy.
gojo,suguru, you two get her to tengen-sama.
geto,satoru...
geto,be careful!
geto,let us go!
kuroi,right!
gojo,who do you think you are talking to?
gojo,that is different from the  blade he stabbed me with.
gojo,and where did that  cursed spirit come from?
gojo,too many unknowns, damn it!
toji,the star plasma vessel is gone.
toji,i had hoped to take you down  with that earlier attack.
toji,i guess i have gotten rusty.
gojo,the bounty on amanai has already  been taken down, you idiot.
toji,because i took it down, prideful bastard.
toji,when facing people  without openings like you,
toji,you have to first create ups and  downs leading to several false goals.
toji,i laughed when those star religious  group men went to okinawa.
toji,it sucked that none of the  sorcerers around her died,
toji,but if i had not set that  time limit on the bounty,
toji,you would not have released  your technique until the very end.
gojo,that so?
gojo,he is fast!
gojo,and not just that.
gojo,i knew there was something off about him!
gojo,he has zero cursed energy!
gojo,he has a heavenly pact  gifting him physical prowess!
gojo,i cannot imagine anyone who knows  my technique coming without a plan.
gojo,is that cursed tool your  precious trump card?
gojo,sorry, but i will not let it get close!
gojo,since he has no cursed energy,  i cannot read his presence.
gojo,and i cannot just rely on instinct.
gojo,there is that cursed spirit  wrapped around him.
gojo,i just need to follow its presence.
gojo,even so, he is too damn fast!
gojo,cursed technique amplification,
gojo,maximum output...
gojo,blue!
gojo,now there is no cover.
gojo,he cannot launch surprise attacks.
gojo,did he hide in the woods?
gojo,are those...
gojo,fly heads?!
gojo,was he keeping them inside  that cursed spirit?
gojo,so you are using fly heads like chaff.
gojo,now i cannot tell where he is.
gojo,he is created a blind spot.
gojo,i should use blue again...
gojo,no, wait! he is after...
gojo,amanai!
toji,his intuition is keen enough  to sense me empty-handed.
toji,there is no way your six eyes would overlook
toji,the unusual cursed energy  oozing from this cursed tool.
toji,though that finally...
toji,got you to focus on defense  with your technique.
toji,the special-grade cursed tool,  inverted spear of heaven.
toji,its effect is the forced release  of any active techniques.
toji,i think...
toji,i am getting my edge back now.
kuroi,riko-sama.
kuroi,this is as far as i go.
kuroi,riko-sama, please...
kuroi,please...
riko,kuroi, i love you!
riko,i always have, and i always will!
kuroi,me, too!
kuroi,i love you, too!
riko,so this is...
geto,yeah.
geto,we are in tengen-sama's territory now.
geto,this is the foundation of  the nation's key barriers,
geto,the main hall of the tombs of the star.
geto,once you descend the stairs,
geto,pass through the gate and continue  to the base of the big tree.
geto,then you will be inside the special  barrier that is separate from
geto,the barrier surrounding jujutsu high.
geto,only those invited are able to enter it.
geto,tengen-sama will protect  you until the assimilation.
geto,that...
geto,or we can turn back around  and go home with kuroi-san.
riko,huh?
geto,when our teacher told us about this mission,
geto,he called the assimilation "erasing."
geto,he was trying to tell us to be aware  of how heavy a sin that was.
geto,our teacher may be a muscle-brain,
geto,but he often does roundabout things.
geto,satoru and i already talked it  over before we met you.
gojo,what if the star plasma vessel  brat refuses to assimilate?
gojo,then... the assimilation's off!
geto,are you sure about that?
gojo,huh?
geto,it might mean fighting  tengen-sama, you know.
gojo,you scared?
gojo,it is fine. it will all work out somehow.
geto,we are the strongest.
geto,no matter what decision you make,
geto,we will guarantee your future.
riko,i have...
riko,always been special,  since the day i was born.
riko,everyone kept telling me  that i was different.
riko,being special was normal to me,
riko,and i have lived my life trying  to avoid danger
riko,as much as possible  for the sake of this day.
riko,i do not really remember the  day my mother and father died.
riko,i no longer feel sad or lonely about that.
riko,i figured everything would be fine,
riko,even if i was taken away  from everyone and assimilated.
riko,that no matter how hard it was,
riko,it would stop feeling sad and lonely one day.
riko,but...
riko,but...
riko,honestly...
riko,i want to be with everyone longer!
riko,i want to go to all kinds  of places with everyone!
riko,i want to see all kinds  of things and do more!
geto,let us go home, riko-chan.
riko,yeah!
geto,riko-chan?
toji,okay, job's done.
toji,you are free to go now.
geto,why are you here?
toji,why?
toji,oh, that is what you mean.
toji,because i killed gojo satoru.
geto,is that so?
geto,die!
shoko,they say it is never too late  to start something,
shoko,but the bigger problem is always  when to quit, not when to start.
shoko,"please look forward to the next  episode: hidden inventory 4!"
,next episode hidden inventory 4
shoko,i cannot even say that.