kugisaki,oh, no!
yuji,you have done it now, kugisaki.
yuji,this was gojo-sensei's, right?
screen,ijichi-san.
kugisaki,between ijichi-san, who left us in  charge of this freshly cleaned shirt,
screen,me ♥
kugisaki,and me, who spilled coffee on it...
kugisaki,who is more at fault?
both,you.
yuji,you pat it down, pat it down.
kugisaki,i am working on it!
yuji,it kind of looks like a marimekko.
fushiguro,do not take apparel so lightly.
kugisaki,eh, i am sure it is a cheap shirt, anyway.
kugisaki,fushiguro, look up the brand on the tag.
yuji,a-after tax?
fushiguro,before tax.
fushiguro,is that even important?
kugisaki,we have no choice.
kugisaki,i will put in 90,000.
kugisaki,you can each put in 80,000.
yuji,huh?!
gojo,morning!
gojo,ijichi said you guys had my shirt?
gojo,what is the matter, megumi?
fushiguro,nothing.
yuji,kugisaki...
yuji,i-i cannot...
mahito,i am thrilled!
mahito,by my own talent!
mahito,ah, i really am...
mahito,i truly am...
mahito,a curse!
mahito,black flash!
mahito,i bet you just thought
mahito,this would be some pest extermination,
mahito,or like defeating evil spirits in a legend,
mahito,or something like that  when you came here, right?!
mahito,you are naïve! you damn brat!
mahito,this is war!
mahito,it is not some fight to correct a mistake!
mahito,it is a clash of what we believe is right!
mahito,of our own flimsy ideas of justice!
mahito,you are me, yuji itadori.
mahito,just as i kill people  without a second thought,
mahito,you save people without a second thought!
mahito,it is our instincts
mahito,versus the dignity  gained by human reasoning!
mahito,this is a war to determine which of those  will be left standing a century from now!
mahito,if you have not even realized that yet,
mahito,how are you supposed to beat me?
mahito,hey, yuji itadori.
mahito,have you counted how  many curses you have killed?
mahito,i bet not.
mahito,me, neither!
mahito,i really could not care less about  the number of humans i have killed.
mahito,eventually, i will forget all about you, too.
todo,the bells of the gion monastery in india
todo,echo with the warning that  all things are impermanent.
todo,the blossoms of the sala trees  teach us through their hues
todo,that what flourishes must fade.
todo,however!
todo,we are the exception!
screen,episode 44 right and wrong, part 3
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
screen,23:09            tokyo metro, shibuya station \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hfloor b5, shin-toshin line platform
arata,these people...
screen,kyoto school first-year, arata nitta
arata,are alive, right?
todo,it looks like suguru geto has  already left with the prison realm.
arata,no way!
todo,let us switch gears.
todo,our goal has changed from  fighting to reclaim satoru gojo
todo,to fighting to save our allies and shave away  as much of the enemy forces as possible,
todo,starting right now!
todo,let us hurry.
todo,my brother should already be nearby.
arata,he has a brother?
arata,i could have sworn he was an only child.
mahito,what just happened?
mahito,a face with a scar!
mahito,plus the way he switched places just now!
mahito,is he the sorcerer who  drove hanami into a corner?!
arata,todo-san!
arata,i finished treating that girl over there.
arata,she is probably dead, though.
arata,so please do not blame me later!
todo,enough prattle.
todo,see to my brother, too.
todo,wake up, brother!
todo,our battle has just begun!
arata,talk about ominous lines!
yuji,todo...
yuji,i...
yuji,cannot...
yuji,fight anymore!
yuji,it was not just kugisaki...
yuji,nanamin died, too.
yuji,sukuna... killed so many.
yuji,so i have to save...
yuji,that many more people...
yuji,but i could not!
yuji,i am just a murderer!
yuji,what i thought was my conviction
yuji,was just an excuse i made for myself!
yuji,i cannot...
yuji,forgive myself anymore.
mahito,speak up! i cannot hear you!
mahito,amazing!
mahito,even when you know about it,  it is still this disorienting?!
todo,brother...
todo,a man as great as you should not  let yourself grow so small.
todo,we are jujutsu sorcerers.
todo,me,
todo,you,
todo,kugisaki,
todo,mr. nanami,
todo,and all of our allies are jujutsu sorcerers!
todo,so long as we continue to live,
todo,our dead comrades
todo,have not truly been defeated!
todo,this is not a matter of sins  and punishments.
todo,the moment we chose to  live as jujutsu sorcerers,
todo,our lives were no longer  bound by such karma.
todo,attempting to find meaning  in the deaths of the fallen
todo,can, at times, defile the  memories of those we have lost!
todo,but even so!
todo,what have they entrusted you with?
todo,there is no need to find  your answer to that now.
todo,but until you do,
todo,you cannot stop moving forward.
todo,that is the one punishment imposed
todo,on those who live as jujutsu sorcerers.
todo,there is no need to tell my brother  about that right now.
arata,i have applied my technique to you.
arata,now, listen up, itadori-kun.
arata,the wounds you have suffered  so far will no longer worsen.
arata,they are not healed,
arata,but you will stop losing blood,  and it should take the edge off the pain.
arata,but that only applies  to your current wounds.
arata,if you take another attack,  you will be further wounded,
arata,and my technique will not apply to those.
arata,todo-san's little brother  does not resemble him at all.
arata,i gave the girl over there  the same treatment.
arata,she did not have a pulse  and was not breathing,
arata,but it had not been very long.
arata,the chance that she survives is not zero.
arata,i am taking her with me  and getting out of here.
arata,i am just saying the chance is not zero!
arata,please do not get your hopes up too high!
yuji,yeah...
yuji,yeah!
mahito,are you finished talking, topknot gorilla?
todo,what is wrong?
todo,you will not touch me?
mahito,he is skilled.
mahito,he is parrying me while also keeping  distance from the nearly finished itadori.
mahito,that is not all i have got.
mahito,he dodged it?
mahito,bring on the switch!
mahito,this time, i will adapt!
mahito,i will hit him for sure!
mahito,i want to land that thing once more!
mahito,i can feel myself close to reaching it!
mahito,the true essence of my soul!
yuji,i am sorry, nanamin.
yuji,i was trying to take the easy way out.
yuji,i even used my sins as an excuse to run away.
nanami,please take it from here.
yuji,black flash!
yuji,i will make sure i take on your  share of suffering, too, nanamin.
mahito,tsk! half-dead boy!
todo,welcome back.
yuji,yeah!
flasher,shibuya station closed off
mechamaru,matters should be settled already.
mechamaru,there is no point in going to shibuya now.
mechamaru,head back, miwa.
miwa,why only todo-senpai and nitta-kun?
mechamaru,i reasoned there is a 99% chance  that todo will not die in shibuya.
mechamaru,same for nitta if he accompanied todo.
mechamaru,his technique would be useful, too—
miwa,and me?!
miwa,am i useless?
mechamaru,the situation is not even  on that scale anymore.
mechamaru,it was not just you.
mechamaru,it was mai, kamo, nishimiya,  and utahime, too.
mechamaru,i took steps to make sure you all were  on a mission south of kyoto on the 31st.
miwa,why did not you say anything to us?
miwa,why did not you ask us for help?
miwa,are not we friends?
miwa,is it because...
miwa,i am weak?
mechamaru,no. i am the one who was weak.
mechamaru,i went about it the wrong way  because i was weak,
mechamaru,and i could not even see that mistake  through because i was weak.
mechamaru,there was this girl i loved.
mechamaru,and i did not care what  happened to the world
mechamaru,as long as i could be at  her side and protect her.
mechamaru,even if that girl did not want me
mechamaru,to be the one to protect her.
mechamaru,time's up, miwa.
miwa,no!
mechamaru,goodbye. thank you—
miwa,do not say goodbye!
mechamaru,miwa.
miwa,mechamaru!
mechamaru,miwa!
muta,please find happiness.
muta,whatever shape it takes, as long as you are happy,
muta,my wish has come true.
miwa,mechamaru...
mai,utahime-sensei, what mechamaru did...
utahime,will go unquestioned.
utahime,the man is dead, after all.
kamo,he held us in awfully low regard, huh?
momo,right?
momo,and this whole "todo-kun would not die" crap?
momo,is he saying that we would die, then?
momo,i will murder whoever  makes my cute junior cry.
mahito,he can switch positions  with inanimate objects?!
yuji,he split apart!
mahito,soul multiplicity!
mahito,body repel!
mahito,topknot gorilla's soul is  still at full strength,
mahito,but could i kill him with  one touch in my current state?
mahito,itadori's soul is down to about 10% left.
mahito,and my soul is down to 40%.
mahito,having my double crushed
mahito,and eating itadori's rush of  black flashes shaved away an awful lot.
mahito,and that is all thanks to that woman.
mahito,she was a nobody, but she  still left her damn mark behind.
mahito,i will start by eliminating  this annoying switcher first!
todo,brother!
todo,if you are satisfied with  staying on that level,
todo,you and i will not stay best friends.
todo,this cursed spirit is already  landing black flash, too...
todo,i am the one being left behind right now.
todo,you have grown strong, brother.
todo,are you satisfied with that,
todo,aoi todo?!
todo,are you planning to leave  your brother alone once again,
todo,aoi todo?!
takada,tan-taka-tan!
todo,black flash!
mahito,it does not matter how  powerful your attack is,
mahito,or if you throw out a black flash.
mahito,your attacks do not affect my soul,  so they are pointless.
narrator,however, with that,  all three of them were now...
todo,smooch!
sign,smooch♥
narration,...drawing out 120% of their latent potential.
mahito,soul multiplicity!
mahito,body repel!
todo,an omnidirectional attack  that makes switching pointless!
todo,he is getting into high gear!
mahito,let us kick it up a notch, itadori!
mahito,this will be the last time
mahito,you and i curse each other!
todo,they say a hero always arrives late,
todo,but everyone understands  that those who worked hard
todo,and held out are heroes, too, right?
todo,next time, "metamorphosis."
screen,next episode metamorphosis
utahime,do not forget to grab your delay certificate!