fushiguro,there is a bit of blood on the arrowhead.
fushiguro,kamo-san's technique must be why  their paths can ignore physics.
kamo,you can call more than one type  of shikigami at a time, right?
kamo,cannot say i appreciate  you holding out on me.
fushiguro,my demon dog's busy with its task.
fushiguro,what about you? you are on  your last arrow, are not you?
fushiguro,no one's helping you if  you pass out from anemia.
fushiguro,blood manipulation:
fushiguro,a technique that manipulates one's  blood and objects imbued with it,
fushiguro,fitting for one of the three major clans  and their love of bloodlines.
kamo,do not worry about that.
kamo,these are all arrows  i prepared ahead of time.
kamo,ten shadows technique:
kamo,one of the zenin clan's  hereditary techniques.
kamo,it creates ten types of shikigami  using shadows as its medium.
kamo,if only maki or mai had  inherited that technique...
fushiguro,he has that much power?
kamo,nice reaction.
kamo,but stay alert.
fushiguro,i was too slow to defend with cursed energy?
fushiguro,with this much speed and power,  it is like he is a different person now!
kamo,manipulating blood is not limited  to its shape and motion.
kamo,body temperature, pulse,
kamo,red blood cells, and all  other components of blood
kamo,are mine to freely control.
kamo,flowing red scale!
fushiguro,you are doping!
kamo,very astute.
kamo,but i wish you would not use such a layman's term for it.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 18:  sage
screen,episode 18:  sage
miwa,my sword was taken away from me.
miwa,mai's older sister ran off somewhere.
miwa,that woman was fast, too.
miwa,well, i am not much of an asset without  my sword, so that was the right call.
miwa,i wonder if tapioca's as good as they say.
miwa,it is mechamaru.
miwa,hello, useless miwa here.
toge,sleep.
screen,kyoto sister school exchange event group battle miwa kasumi — retired
phone,miwa kasumi
toge,return.
utahime,she fell asleep.
utahime,i am heading out real quick.
gojou,huh?
utahime,i cannot leave her in the woods with  cursed spirits wandering around, right?
kamo,what is this?
gakuganji,the semi-first-grade cursed spirit  to be released in the area.
kamo,i thought they were releasing a second-grade?
gakuganji,i did not think a second-grade would be enough.
gakuganji,we are not unified, you know.
gakuganji,here is the scent and the  flute used in its training.
gakuganji,depending on the situation,  use it well to kill itadori.
kamo,it might get hunted down  before we can use it.
gakuganji,fret not.
gakuganji,it is trained to keep quiet  until the flute is blown.
gakuganji,i know kamo.
gakuganji,he probably placed the scent on itadori
gakuganji,the moment they made  contact and the feed cut out.
gakuganji,it is easy enough for him to do  if he mixes his blood with it.
gakuganji,if the boy's fighting toudou,  he will not come out unscathed.
gakuganji,if he is attacked by a semi-first-grade  the moment afterward...
gakuganji,he will surely die.
gakuganji,that is true.
gakuganji,i am worried about miwa.
gakuganji,go to her quickly.
toge,kelp.
hanami,?flesruoy yb lla .ym ,ho
toge,salmon, caviar, roe.
mahito,well...
mahito,time for us to go to work, too.
kumiya,let us make a coat rack.
kumiya,gojou satoru's 190 centimeters, right?
kumiya,that will make a great coat rack.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
youngkamo,why is everyone so mean to mother?
woman,because she is a slutty concubine.
kamo,then why is everyone so good to me?
kamo,why did you take me in as the heir?
woman,because his proper wife did not bear  a boy who inherited the technique.
kamo,then as the next head of the kamo clan...
kamo,shikigami users who can fight this  well in close combat are precious.
kamo,you have improved.
kamo,i am happy.
fushiguro,what is this sense of fellowship  you keep throwing out?
kamo,i am sympathizing.
kamo,someday you will be one of those  supporting the major clans.
kamo,i intend to kill itadori yuuji.
fushiguro,on principal gakuganji's orders?
kamo,no, it is my personal decision.
kamo,as a member of the kamo clan,  one of the three major clans,
kamo,i believe that is the right call.
kamo,i must behave as the heir to the kamo clan.
kamo,for my mother's sake.
kamo,you should be able to understand that, too.
kamo,you and i are the same.
fushiguro,no, we are not.
fushiguro,he is spouting some scary stuff all of a sudden.
kamo,we are.
fushiguro,we are not.
fushiguro,please save those discussions for maki-san.
fushiguro,i no longer have any connection  with the zenin clan.
fushiguro,besides, i do not believe i am "right."
fushiguro,no, sorry.
fushiguro,that is not right.
fushiguro,i do not care if i am right or wrong.
fushiguro,i just... have faith in my own good conscience.
fushiguro,i save people according  to my own conscience.
fushiguro,if you would reject that, then...
fushiguro,we will just have to curse each other.
kamo,a shikigami?!
kamo,he still had more?!
kamo,he used the shikigami as a  decoy before releasing it?
fushiguro,this one burns through cursed energy,  so i can only use it by itself.
fushiguro,i only recently tamed it.
fushiguro,max elephant.
kamo,it is a big target!
kamo,i will strike first!
kamo,water?!
kamo,it drove me away with mass and pressure?!
kamo,open spaces are bad!
kamo,that one's next!
fushiguro,nue.
kamo's mother,if i am around, i will just  be in your way, noritoshi.
kamo,i—
kamo,blood manipulation:
kamo,crimson binding!
kamo,i cannot afford to lose!
both,what is this?!
fushiguro,inumaki-senpai?!
toge,run away.
utahime,huh?
utahime,the game's over?
utahime,and they all burned red?
meimei,that is odd.
meimei,my crows did not see anything.
gojou,i would love to say great teacher gojou's  students exorcised them all, but...
yaga,the charms will burn red  for unregistered cursed energy.
utahime,you think it is an outsider? some invader?
meimei,does this mean tengen-sama's  barrier is not functioning?
gakuganji,whether it is an outsider or not,
gakuganji,something unexpected  is happening all the same.
gakuganji,they must be fairly skilled to exorcise that.
gakuganji,who is it?
yaga,i am going to tengen-sama.
yaga,satoru and principal gakuganji, please protect the students.
yaga,mei, you stay here and identify  the locations of the students.
yaga,stay in constant contact with the other two.
meimei,fully understood.
meimei,i look forward to the bonus.
gojou,come on, gramps! time for a walk!
gojou,you just finished your lunch, did not you?
utahime,let us hurry.
kumiya,they are really going at it.
kumiya,but you know, those cursed spirits
kumiya,do not leave anything behind when they die.
kumiya,i cannot make anything from them!
kumiya,was that good enough?
kumiya,oh, right, that.
kumiya,emerge from darkness, blacker than darkness.
,purify that which is impure.
kumiya,oh, good, good.
kumiya,i cannot wait for that coat rack.
yuuji,a veil?! why now?!
utahime,gojou!
utahime,you go on ahead before the veil comes down!
gojou,no, not happening.
utahime,huh?!
gojou,that veil's practically complete already.
gojou,they prioritized its effect on cursed  techniques over its visual effect.
gojou,they are good.
gojou,well, now that it is down,  i just need to break it.
gojou,what is this odd feeling?
utahime,hey...
utahime,why are you being kept out
utahime,while i am able to enter?
gojou,i get it now.
gojou,utahime, gramps, you go on ahead.
gojou,this veil...
gojou,is a barrier that allows  all others to go in and out
gojou,in return for denying gojou satoru entry.
utahime,true, that would make everything add up.
utahime,but if they are able to use a barrier to keep a specific individual out...
gojou,they must have quite the skilled curse user.
gojou,that, and they have a degree of intel on us.
gojou,go on, get moving.
gojou,i do not know what their goal is,  but we lose if even one of us dies.
utahime,what a strong curse presence!
utahime,do not tell me a special-grade curse is here!
kumiya,hey, hey, hey!
kumiya,hey, hey, hey, hey!
kumiya,gojou satoru's not here!
gakuganji,curse user...
gakuganji,he is not the source of this presence,  but he is quite capable.
kumiya,that degenerate monk tricked me.
gakuganji,utahime, go on ahead.
gakuganji,protecting the students is our priority.
gakuganji,avoid fighting as much as possible.
kumiya,hey, hang on!
kumiya,at least let me kill the woman!
kumiya,i cannot make anything from an old  man's hollow bones and wrinkled skin!
gakuganji,why do not you kill me
gakuganji,and find out if they are hollow?
kumiya,go off and drink some milk first, old fart.
kamo,why is there a cursed spirit at jujutsu tech?
kamo,who does this veil belong to?
fushiguro,probably the curse user working  with that cursed spirit.
kamo,do you know something?
gojou,these are unregistered  special-grade cursed spirits.
gojou,and it looks like they are  working with a human, too.
fushiguro,i think it is the special-grade cursed spirit  that attacked gojou-sensei before.
fushiguro,its appearance matches the report.
fushiguro,i can tell, even from that guy's drawing.
toge,tuna with mayo.
fushiguro,you are right.
fushiguro,let us contact gojou-sensei.
kamo,hold on.
kamo,you can understand what he is saying?
fushiguro,that does not matter right now.
fushiguro,our opponent might use a domain.
fushiguro,maintain our distance  and retreat to gojou-sensei—
toge,do not move!
kamo,blood manipulation:
kamo,slicing exorcism!
kamo,no damage?!
fushiguro,it is really tough.
kamo,that sword...
kamo,where has he been hiding it?
hanami,.nerdlihc hsiloof ,ti pots
hanami,stop it, foolish children.
fushiguro,what is this?
fushiguro,i cannot tell what it is saying by the sound,  but i can understand its meaning?
fushiguro,this feels creepy.
hanami,i merely wish to protect  this planet, that is all.
kamo,it is a curse spouting nonsense! do not listen!
fushiguro,this is on a whole different level  than lower-grade cursed spirits.
hanami,the forests, the oceans, and the sky
hanami,all weep so vehemently that  i can no longer stand it.
hanami,it is impossible to coexist  with humans any longer.
hanami,they know there are some humans  who are kind to the planet.
hanami,but how much does their affection even help?
fushiguro,it is established its own language system!
hanami,all they desire is time.
,get inumaki out!
hanami,this planet can shine blue  once more, given a bit of time...
hanami,time without humans.
hanami,please die and become sages.
three&screen,juju stroll
mahito,hey, jougo-kun!
mahito,you burned up hanami's  flower bed again, did not you?
mahito,hanami's crying!
jougo,hmph.
mahito,hanami,
mahito,let us strangle jougo-kun.
mahito,my boyfriend's senpai  is totally one of those.
hanami,no, that is too far...
hanami,th-this is... a slash-and-burn farm!
,the soil did not have enough nutrients before!
hanami,throb...
screen,episode 19:  black flash