,episode 20: nonstandard
,episode 20: nonstandard
toudou,in third grade,
toudou,i beat up a cocky high schooler.
books,handwriting
books,fun to learn arithmetic
books,japanese
toudou,even if he was older, cocky is still cocky.
toudou,he mocked me.
toudou,and when i feel mocked,
toudou,that is when the gong rings on the fight.
toudou,it was not that fun.
toudou,trouncing a boring guy  was naturally boring, too.
yuki,nice fight, boy!
yuki,what kind of woman is your type?
toudou,who are you?
toudou,my boredom was about  to be flipped upside-down.
toudou,that was the feeling she gave me.
,jujutsu kaisen
toudou,it is time to unleash my technique!
yuuji,huh? did not you use it before?
toudou,however! i have no time  to explain my technique!
toudou,so there is only one thing i can say to you.
toudou,do not stop!
toudou,believe in me!
yuuji,okay! that is two, though!
toudou,let us analyze our opponent's cards.
toudou,one is roots that emerge from the ground.
toudou,that one probably gains power and speed  the more it limits quantity and range.
toudou,then there is wooden ball.
toudou,each ball can attack once or twice,  and then it is expended.
toudou,they can remain airborne,  and i have to watch for delayed activation.
toudou,then there is cursed bud.
toudou,that is probably what fushiguro got hit with.
toudou,guess you are out if even if one of those hits.
toudou,though i want to believe that  means it cannot fire too many.
toudou,then there is flower field.
toudou,it looks like that relaxes you,
toudou,but its earlier wounds are throwing it off.
toudou,no need to be too wary of it.
toudou,then there is that unleashed left arm...
toudou,and the possibility that  all of those are bluffs!
toudou,however, it does not matter what a  technique is if you do not let them activate it!
toudou,even accounting for unexpected situations,
screen,*self-proclaimed iq 530,000
toudou,my iq 530,000 mental cpu  produces only one conclusion:
,victory!
,because i am not alone,
,brother!
,because you are here!
yuuji,toudou!
,toudou!
hanami,that is one down.
yuuji,oh, toudou!
hanami,i see.
hanami,it is simple...
hanami,and therefore a troublesome technique.
toudou,yeah.
toudou,my technique swaps my position  with my opponent's.
toudou,boogie woogie!
yuuji,toudou!
toudou,shh! we will end this before  it can get used to it.
toudou,by the way,
toudou,clapping my hands
toudou,is necessary to activate it!
hanami,their builds are too different!
hanami,there is a big difference after they swap!
hanami,is he swapping with me?
hanami,or is he swapping with sukuna's vessel?
hanami,every time he claps, that split  decision makes my thoughts falter!
hanami,oh, no! i cannot...
hanami,...break out of this!
hanami,they are using that again!
nanami,using black flash consecutively  is not anything amazing.
nanami,\hnanami kento, record holder for consecutive black flash uses, speaks\h
nanami,though it is difficult to produce more than  twice in a row, or on a different day.
nanami,it does not matter if you land  the first by fluke or skill.
nanami,once they land a black flash,
,sorcerers temporarily enter  a state athletes call "the zone."
nanami,the manipulation of cursed energy  that they normally control consciously
nanami,becomes as natural as breathing.
nanami,there is a sense of omnipotence,  like everything else revolves around them...
nanami,that might be a good way to put it.
nanami,my record?
nanami,four times.
nanami,i just got lucky.
yuuji,black flash!
toudou,brother,
toudou,i always get that premonition from you!
yuuji,black flash!
yuuji,black flash!
toudou,three in a row!
hanami,do not get cocky!
hanami,swapping positions?!
hanami,what i have to be wary of right now
hanami,is sukuna's...
hanami,they did not swap?!
toudou,clapping my hands
toudou,does not necessarily mean  i am activating my technique!
toudou,it is simple, but easy to fall for!
toudou,i am getting that same premonition of  my boredom being turned upside-down!
yuuji,black flash!
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
yuuji,it is attacking before each swap!
yuuji,it is getting used to toudou's technique!
toudou,but that black flash rush hurt it.
toudou,we can exorcise it!
toudou,together!
hanami,this is the first time  i have ever been hurt so badly,
hanami,and despite that...
hanami,my delight in this battle is not waning!
hanami,his technique reveal was full of lies!
hanami,he is able to swap two others, as well?!
yuuji,toudou!
yuuji,he is protecting me!
toudou,do not worry, brother!
toudou,by seriously hardening my  body and cursed energy,
toudou,i will easily repel these buds!
takada,are you sure?
toudou,t-takada-chan?!
takada,you remember fushiguro-kun's injuries?
toudou,of course i remember!
toudou,those are the cursed buds about  to slam into me right now!
toudou,that is why i am—
takada,but remember,
takada,fushiguro-kun's buds had grown a little.
takada,you think they grew by absorbing his blood?
takada,that is not impossible.
takada,but you are facing a cursed spirit.
takada,what is most likely?
toudou,cursed energy!
screen,happened in 0.01 seconds
hanami,he dispelled his cursed  energy right before impact?
hanami,he figured it out?!
hanami,the harder they defend with cursed energy,
,the stronger those buds become!
toudou,her next one's the national?
screen,*national handshake event
toudou,i will have to thank her then,
toudou,will not i?
toudou,hey, special-grade cursed spirit,
toudou,i know you have realized  i did not tell you everything then.
toudou,but there is one more thing  you should be thinking about:
toudou,what counts as a target for boogie woogie!
toudou,with what can i swap within  the range of my technique?
toudou,only creatures?
toudou,non!
toudou,my technique works on cursed corpses  and inanimate objects, too.
toudou,so the answer is...
toudou,anything possessing cursed  energy above a certain level!
toudou,hey, special-grade cursed spirit,  have you noticed?
toudou,we are back at that spot again.
toudou,this is where it lies waiting.
fushiguro,maki-san's special-grade  cursed tool is in the riverbed.
fushiguro,the trees on its are face  are especially fragile.
yuuji,the river?!
yuuji,what did i swap places with?
toudou,special-grade cursed tool,
toudou,playful cloud!
toudou,even a blow from a special-grade cursed  tool imbued with my cursed energy
,did not completely take it down?
hanami,plants do not generate cursed energy.
hanami,so my left arm steals the life from plants  and converts it to cursed energy.
hanami,but that never gets returned to me.
hanami,it all goes to this flower offering.
hanami,i did not want to use this if i did not have to.
yuuji,toudou!
toudou,stay away, brother!
toudou,its cursed energy output is incredible!
hanami,but it will be easy for you  to avoid with your technique.
hanami,so what shall i do?
hanami,domain ex—
yuuji,the veil!
kumiya,i see.
kumiya,i thought he sounded  pretty good without the amp,
kumiya,but this old man is the amp himself.
kumiya,his technique amplifies the tune he plays
,and launches it as cursed energy.
kumiya,he is a predictable mid-range fighter.
kumiya,it is obvious he does not  want me getting close.
kumiya,let us make a wallet
kumiya,full of that old man smell!
utahime,roger that.
utahime,nishimiya, you keep going, too,  and head to shouko.
utahime,it is okay.
utahime,mei-san has eyes on miwa.
utahime,thank god it did not cut off my reception.
utahime,guess that is only natural,  given the effect of the veil.
gojou,there is someone working with either  a curse user or curses at jujutsu tech.
utahime,looks like he was not mistaken.
haruta,huh?
haruta,i thought i cut you for sure.
utahime,a human?
utahime,a curse user?!
haruta,this is my problem...
haruta,this is nice, is not it?
haruta,juuzou made it for me.
haruta,did not you run into him earlier?
juuzuu,you are weak, so have the  sword hold your hand, too.
haruta,...he said.
haruta,hey, what will you give me, lady?
kugisaki,girls hate you, do not they?
kugisaki,you meet someone new,  and all you talk about is yourself.
kugisaki,i will charge you for this.
mai,what makes you think you are a good  enough listener to charge for it?
utahime,you guys!
kugisaki,shut up! stop picking fights  in moments like these!
haruta,wow! so many girls!
haruta,i am so popular!
kugisaki,were you listening to me?
mai,i will cover you.
mai,be careful not to get hit in the crossfire.
kugisaki,you be careful not to hit me!
utahime,the veil lifted?!
haruta,for real?
haruta,it has not even been 30 minutes, has it?
haruta,time to run!
utahime,what was his deal?
kumiya,hey, hey, hey, hey!
kumiya,i can see that slick coat rack now!
gojou,so...
gojou,where should i start?
yuuji,huh?
hanami,looks like this is as far as we go.
yuuji,huh? gojou-sensei?!
gojou,yuuji's on a much higher level than before.
gojou,i see! aoi!
gojou,of course he would be a great match for yuuji.
gojou,looks like they are  fighting the special-grade,
gojou,but i should not have to  worry about them now.
gojou,which means my priority should be...
gojou,you.
kumiya,rack! rack! rack!
gakuganji,do not kill him!
gojou,we have a lot to ask this guy.
gojou,do not let him die on us.
gojou,go on, treat him.
gojou,the guy near utahime disappeared.
gojou,guess he found a means to escape.
gojou,that just leaves that one?
gojou,one adept at running, too.
gojou,it is some distance from yuuji.
gojou,oh, well.
gojou,guess i will be a little rough.
gojou,cursed technique amplification: blue.
gojou,cursed technique reversal: red.
hanami,i am withdrawing.
hanami,i am not arrogant enough  to face gojou satoru.
yuuji,screw you!
yuuji,what were you all trying to do here?!
toudou,wait, brother!
yuuji,why are you stopping me, toudou?!
toudou,do not take another step forward...
toudou,or you will get caught in it.
gojou,hollow...
gojou,purple!
toudou,he is just as nonstandard as ever.
toudou,now we cannot tell if it was exorcised or not.
kumiya,ow! it hurts!
gakuganji,quiet!
gojou,yay!
gojou,that settles everything!
gojou,or i guess it does not.
mahito,i wonder if hanami's safe.
mahito,that is mission complete.
three&screen,juju stroll
toge,salmon.
screen,q: dog or cat?
screen,q: are you a dog person or a cat person?
yuuji,dog?
yuuji,no, maybe cat?
yuuji,wait, maybe dog if it is a big dog!
screen,q: are you a dog person or a cat person?
fushiguro,dog.
maki,dog, i think?
screen,q: are you a dog person or a cat person?
kugisaki,what? i definitely prefer cats.
screen,q: are you a dog person or a cat person?
toge,salmon.
screen,q: are you a dog person or a cat person?
panda,the answer's obviously pandas!
panda,you want me to kill you?! huh?!
panda,everyone hates me,
panda,do not they?
yuuji,well, there were only two choices.
maki,just leave him be.
screen,episode 21: jujutsu koshien