sukuna,do not look inside me without  permission. i hate it...
sukuna,brat.
yuuji,then come down from there,
yuuji,and i will look down on you!
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 6:  after rain
screen,episode 6:  after rain
sukuna,you are being awfully hostile, are not you?
yuuji,damn straight i am.
yuuji,you just killed me.
sukuna,this is the thanks i get for fixing your arm?
yuuji,yeah, and you ripped out  my heart right after that!
yuuji,is this hell?
yuuji,i am not sure i can accept being  stuck with you even after death.
yuuji,this works out, though.
yuuji,i will make you cry!
yuuji,hope you are ready for this!
sukuna,he was aiming for where i stood?
yuuji,you fell for it!
yuuji,i got you!
yuuji,huh?
sukuna,man, you are boring.
yuuji,i thought i landed that one perfectly!
yuuji,damn it!
sukuna,this is not the afterlife.
sukuna,it is my innate domain.
yuuji,innate domain?
yuuji,that thing fushiguro was talking about?
sukuna,you could also say we are in my mind.
sukuna,in other words, we are not dead yet.
sukuna,if you will accept my conditions,
sukuna,i will fix your heart and bring us back to life.
yuuji,cocky bastard.
yuuji,you act all big, but i know  you do not want to die, either.
sukuna,the situation's changed.
sukuna,in the near future,
sukuna,i will be able to see something interesting.
sukuna,i have two conditions.
sukuna,one: when i chant "extension," you will  hand over your body for one minute.
sukuna,two: you will forget this promise.
yuuji,no way.
yuuji,i do not know what your goal is,  but it is shady as hell.
yuuji,after what you did this time, i finally get it.
yuuji,you are evil.
yuuji,i am not lending you my body again.
sukuna,then i will promise that i will not kill or  injure anyone during that minute.
sukuna,so annoying.
yuuji,like i can believe you!
sukuna,it is not about whether you believe me or not.
sukuna,this is a pact.
sukuna,a geas.
sukuna,i will be the one punished if i break it.
sukuna,if you pursue selfish gain beyond  your means, you will earn retribution.
sukuna,i am pretty sure you have  experienced that for yourself.
yuuji,it was not a problem before!
sukuna,huh? oh...
sukuna,that time i wanted to switch, too.
sukuna,and you were just doing  as that sorcerer told you to.
sukuna,a pact founded in mutual interest.
sukuna,that is one of the key factors  behind all jujutsu.
yuuji,fine, then. so move.
yuuji,i will accept your conditions.
yuuji,i do not know what you are trying to do,
yuuji,but it means i will come back to life!
yuuji,like hell i would say that. bring me back  to life without any conditions.
yuuji,it is your fault i died in the first place.
sukuna,then how about this?
sukuna,we will fight to the death, and if you win,  i will do it without conditions.
sukuna,if i win, you come back  to life under my conditions.
yuuji,sure! i will beat you to—
gojou,you know,
gojou,i have a bad personality.
ijichi,i know.
gojou,ijichi, expect a hard forehead flick later.
ijichi,f-forehead flick?
gojou,being a teacher is not my style.
gojou,do you know why i decided  to teach at this school?
gojou,ask me.
ijichi,why did you?
gojou,because i have a dream.
ijichi,a dream?
gojou,yup.
gojou,as you can see in this case with yuuji,  the top of the jujutsu world is a den of vice.
gojou,conservative fools. traditional  fools. arrogant fools.
gojou,just plain fools.
gojou,it is a bargain sale on rotten mikan.
gojou,i want to reset that garbage jujutsu world.
gojou,murdering everyone at the  top would be an easy task.
gojou,but they would just get replaced. it would not bring a revolution.
gojou,and if i did that, no one would follow me.
gojou,that is why i chose education.
gojou,to raise up strong, clever comrades.
gojou,that is also why i occasionally  tossed my missions to my students.
gojou,it is tough love.
ijichi,are you sure you do not  just want to slack off?
gojou,they are all talented.
gojou,especially the third-year, hakari,  and the second-year, okkotsu.
gojou,they will become jujutsu  sorcerers on a par with me.
gojou,yuuji was one of those, as well.
shouko,hey, you two.
shouko,i am about to get started.
shouko,are you just going to watch from there?
yuuji,whoa, i am completely naked!
ijichi,g-g-g-gojou-san!
ijichi,h-h-h-h-h-h-he is alive!
gojou,ijichi, be quiet.
shouko,i am kind of disappointed.
yuuji,um, i am embarrassed to ask, but who are you?
gojou,yuuji!
,in the meantime,  put this on!
gojou,welcome back.
yuuji,yeah. good to be back!
shouko,ugh, i will have to revise the reports.
gojou,no, leave them as-is.
gojou,i want to give yuuji time to gain the minimum  power necessary before he is targeted again.
gojou,sorry, shouko, but could you leave  yuuji listed as dead on the records?
shouko,so you plan to keep itadori  completely hidden away?
gojou,no, i will have him make his comeback  in time for the exchange event.
shouko,why?
gojou,the reason is simple.
gojou,no one's allowed to take the events  of youth away from young people.
yuuji,i bet everyone will be surprised.
gojou,not anyone.
worker,starting right now, i am ditching work.
worker,i have always had a strong  sense of responsibility.
sister,onii-chan.
worker,i have been saving up my earnings so i can  send my four younger sisters to college, too.
sister,aniki.
sister,niini.
sister,onii-sama.
worker,but even i cannot fight my survival instinct.
worker,if i go near that table, i will die!
jougo,gojou satoru.
jougo,i wonder if we could kill him  if we joined forces.
getou,either he would flutter out of your grasp,
getou,or worst case, you would all get exorcised.
getou,i would recommend you pour energy  into sealing him rather than killing him.
jougo,seal him?
jougo,do you have a lead?
getou,we will use the special-grade  cursed object, prison realm.
jougo,prison realm?
owner,table 5 has not ordered anything at all.
owner,someone go hurry him up.
owner,he is taking up a whole table by himself.
worker,sorry, boss, but i quit!
owner,huh? what?!
owner,hey! hold on a minute!
jougo,you have that detestable thing?!
owner,our ac is running, is not it?
getou,jougo, do not get too excited.  you will make it hot in here.
owner,sir, have you decided on your order?
getou,i wish you would not because  too much commotion.
jougo,this is hardly anything.
woman,what the...
getou,i am glad we did not choose  an expensive restaurant.
jougo,getou, how strong am i  in terms of sukuna's fingers?
getou,at a low estimate,  i would say eight or nine fingers?
jougo,that is plenty. give me the prison realm!
jougo,i will add it to my collection.
jougo,in return, i will...
jougo,kill gojou satoru.
woman,help—
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
fushiguro,by the time we arrived on the scene,
fushiguro,your son was already dead.
fushiguro,to be honest, i was skeptical about  saving any of the people in there.
fushiguro,but my friend was different.
fushiguro,he was not successful,
fushiguro,but he tried to bring your son's body back  for you after we confirmed his death.
yuuji,please.
tag,okazaki tadashi
fushiguro,take this, at least.
,okazaki tadashi
fushiguro,i am sorry we were not  able to save tadashi-san.
mother,it is all right. do not apologize.
mother,i am the only one who will  mourn his passing, anyway...
maki,you are late, megumi.
toge,kelp.
maki,what were you doing?
fushiguro,what does it matter?
fushiguro,zenin-senpai...
fushiguro,what kinds of people do you want  to save as a jujutsu sorcerer?
maki,huh?
maki,it is not like i care if my actions save anyone.
fushiguro,i should not have asked.
maki,what?!
kugisaki,fushiguro!
kugisaki,quit asking interview prep questions!
kugisaki,switch with me!
kugisaki,i am sick of these school uniforms!
kugisaki,let me go buy some cute tracksuits!
panda,here we go!
fushiguro,what are those two doing?
panda,falling practice.
toge,mustard leaf.
panda,you are both weak in  close quarters, after all.
maki,so first...
maki,land a blow on us.
maki,we will talk after that.
gojou,you are a head above the rest when  it comes to close combat, yuuji.
gojou,so what you need to learn right now
gojou,is how to control cursed energy,
gojou,as well as the bare minimum of jujutsu knowledge.
,smile
,smile
gojou,what is the matter?
,ee-hee
,ee-hee
yuuji,oh, i figured you would be the best person  to train me, so i am just happy.
yuuji,i am weak, and i could not save anybody.
yuuji,worse, i nearly killed fushiguro.
yuuji,as i am now, i will not be able to face them.
yuuji,i want to become strong.
yuuji,teach me to be the strongest.
gojou,you have got a keen eye.
yuuji,sensei, you are the one who  called yourself the strongest.
gojou,all right, first, take a look at  those drink cans over there.
gojou,this is with cursed energy,
gojou,and this is with a cursed technique.
yuuji,i see. i do not get it.
gojou,right, well...
gojou,think of cursed energy as electricity,
gojou,and cursed techniques as appliances.
gojou,electricity by itself is hard to use, right?
gojou,that is why we run electricity through  appliances to achieve various results.
gojou,here, i just fired off pure cursed energy.
gojou,here, i channeled cursed energy into a cursed technique
gojou,to activate it and twist the can with jujutsu.
yuuji,in other words, i am about to learn  a very, very good cursed technique?!
gojou,no, you cannot use cursed techniques.
,huh?!
gojou,setting aside simple shikigami and barriers,
gojou,cursed techniques are fundamentally etched  into your body from the day you are born.
gojou,so the power of a jujutsu sorcerer  is roughly 80% innate talent.
gojou,you okay?
yuuji,i just thought i would be able to pull off thunder  or fire or a power bomb or something.
gojou,you can pull off a power bomb. ohnita's, right?
yuuji,this sucks.
yuuji,i wanted to pull off a spirit gun or  bankai, or rasengan, or a dodon ray.
gojou,you just cannot use them yet.
gojou,eventually sukuna's cursed techniques  will be engraved into your body.
yuuji,i wanted to fire off a kamehameha.
gojou,let us just ignore what you cannot do!
gojou,we are going to enhance your strengths.
yuuji,this totally sucks.
gojou,we will get you to imbue your  fighting style with cursed energy.
gojou,i am way more scared of someone
gojou,who can force their way through with  the basics than i am of inferior jujutsu.
gojou,like i just said, your talent  for close combat is top-notch.
yuji,but wait! i can already do that!
gojou,get up.
yuuji,back then, i somehow managed  to get the hang of it.
gojou,then give it a try.
gojou,hit me here.
gojou,not that you actually can.
yuuji,do not blame me if you get hurt.
gojou,just hurry up and do it.
gojou,that did not have any  cursed energy behind it.
yuuji,how?!
gojou,negative emotions are  the source of cursed energy.
gojou,in the incident you are referring to, you were  probably brimming with anger and fear.
yuuji,so you have to constantly be  flipping out to use cursed energy?
yuuji,now that you mention it,  fushiguro's always a bit snappy.
fushiguro,demon dogs!
gojou,not like that.
maki,what is the matter?
fushiguro,i just got really irritated.
maki,huh?
fushiguro,no, not at you.
toge,salmon roe.
maki,there is only a month and a half until  the exchange event, so no dawdling.
maki,here, you can try the long one next.
fushiguro,this actually feels pretty good.
gojou,everyone is trained to produce cursed  energy using the faintest sparks of emotion.
gojou,they have also trained on how to not waste  cursed energy when emotions are flaring, too.
gojou,there are several methods to train this.
gojou,i will be having you use  a pretty exhausting one.
yuuji,l-like what?
gojou,watching movies.
yuuji,watching movies?
gojou,yup.
gojou,everything from masterpieces to c-grade  horror films and terrible french movies.
gojou,you will be watching them nonstop  as long as you are awake.
gojou,of course, you will not just be watching them.
gojou,you will be watching them with this guy.
yuuji,what is with the cute but creepy doll?
gojou,it is cute?
gojou,it is a cursed corpse the principal made.
yuuji,ah, i knew it! it has his sense!
yuuji,and? i do not understand  what you are getting at here.
gojou,do not be hasty, now. you will see soon.
gojou,that cursed corpse will wake up  and attack you, just like that,
gojou,if you do not keep pouring a set  amount of cursed energy into it.
yuuji,ow!
gojou,like i just said, we have all  kinds of movies available here.
gojou,heart-throbbers, thrillers, exciting ones,
gojou,ones that will make you cry,  laugh, or feel disgusted.
,yawn
gojou,your first goal is to watch an entire movie,
gojou,from start to finish,  without waking the cursed corpse.
,num   num
gojou,this trains you to maintain a steady
gojou,output of cursed energy,  no matter what emotions you feel.
gojou,you cannot use too much or too little.
gojou,i have it set to the faint level of cursed  energy you can produce right now,
gojou,but it will steadily start  demanding greater output,
gojou,so do not let your guard down.
yuuji,i could not let it down even if i wanted to.
gojou,what do you want to start with?
gojou,i recommend this one.
gojou,the heroine's annoying,  but she dies spectacularly in the end.
yuuji,major spoilers.
yuuji,i say we start off with an action—
yuuji,oh, come on!
gojou,hey, even if you are irritated,  keep the cursed energy steady.
panda,carrying cursed tools, huh?
fushiguro,i agree with supplementing  my close combat with weapons,
fushiguro,but with my cursed technique, i want to  be able to free up both hands at any time.
fushiguro,with swords, you lose time sheathing them.
fushiguro,zenin-senpai, you often carry more  than two around with you, right?
fushiguro,how do you do that?
maki,i make panda carry them.
fushiguro,i should not have asked, part two.
panda,some sorcerers keep cursed spirits  that can store and retrieve objects.
maki,he cannot do that. it is a rare thing.
maki,and it takes time to tame them, as well.
maki,but if you find any, let me know.
panda,a year's supply of calpas.
sukuna,i do not get it, though.
sukuna,why...
sukuna,did you run back then?
sukuna,what a waste of talent.
fushiguro,i have the potential to beat special-grades?
fushiguro,is that what he meant by that?
toge,tuna, tuna.
maki,huh? what?
fushiguro,senpai.
fushiguro,i think i can do it.
kugisaki,ura-hara! where is ura-hara?!
kugisaki,underground?!
man,do i cut the red wire or the blue wire?
woman,you know, in the area where i used to live,  the designated trash bags...
man,hey, what are you going on about right now?
woman,...were red for plastic trash  and blue for combustible trash.
woman,i always thought, should not it be the opposite?
woman,it should be red! anyone would go with red!
man,i will trust you.
yuuji,do not do that while i am drinking soda!
gojou,do not drink it, then.
yuuji,but you got to have chips and soda  when watching movies at home!
gojou,that is true.
gojou,okay, i have some business to deal with.
gojou,just keep hanging in there.
yuuji,will this really make me stronger?
gojou,oh, right.
gojou,did you talk to sukuna while you were dead?
yuuji,talk?
gojou,when he fixed your heart, did he  propose any conditions or contracts?
yuuji,oh, i think we did talk about something...
yuuji,but i cannot remember what it was.
gojou,i see.
ijichi,we have a bit of time before your  appointment with the principal.
ijichi,did you want to stop anywhere?
gojou,it is fine.
gojou,i will show up early for a change.
gojou,stop the car.
ijichi,huh? right here?
gojou,go on ahead.
ijichi,huh? a-are you testing me?
ijichi,you are not going to hit me if  i actually go on ahead, are you?
gojou,just what do you think i am?
ijichi,in that case...
gojou,now...
gojou,who are you?
screen&voice,juju stroll
child,gojou satoru's go go gojou
child,it is gojou satoru's go go gojou!
gojou,today we are at my alma mater,
gojou,tokyo metropolitan jujutsu  technical high school.
screen,satoru-sensei
gojou,oh? we already have a boy in trouble.
screen,yuuji
gojou,is he a new student?
gojou,it looks like he cannot produce  cursed energy very well.
gojou,let us give him some advice.
gojou,imagine you are walking down a narrow path.
gojou,before you is a row of college boys.
gojou,they have not noticed you at all.
gojou,you want to kill them, do not you? so you...
itadori,shut up.
screen,episode 7:  assault