ijichi,our window verified the  curse womb three hours ago.
ijichi,once 90 percent were successfully evacuated,
ijichi,they made the call to seal off the center.
car,road closed
ijichi,citizens within a 500-meter radius  have been evacuated, as well.
yuuji,ijichi-san, question.
yuuji,what is a "window" here?
ijichi,a window is a member of  jujutsu tech who can see curses.
ijichi,they are not sorcerers, though.
yuuji,oh, okay.
ijichi,let us continue.
ijichi,detainee block 2.
ijichi,at present, five detainees  remain there with the curse womb.
ijichi,if this curse womb is the  type that metamorphoses,
ijichi,we predict it will become  a special-grade cursed spirit.
both,special-grade...
yuuji,hey, so... i still do not really understand  what "special-grade" means.
ijichi,then allow me to explain it so  even idiots can understand.
screentop,*if conventional weapons were effective against cursed spirits
screencenter,grade 4
screencenter,a wooden bat is enough
screenbottom,grade 3
screenbottom,if you have a handgun, you can rest easy
ijichi,first, there is grade 4.
ijichi,a wooden bat is enough for them.
ijichi,grade 3.
ijichi,if you have a handgun, you can rest easy.
screentop,grade 3
screentop,if you have a handgun, you can rest easy
screencenter,grade 2
screencenter,close call with a shotgun
screenbottom,grade 1\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h
screenbottom,even a tank may be insufficient
ijichi,grade 2.
ijichi,it will be a close call with a shotgun.
ijichi,grade 1.
ijichi,even a tank may be insufficient.
ijichi,then there is special-grade.
screencenter,close call with a shotgun
screenbottom,grade 1\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h
screenbottom,even a tank may be insufficient
screenbottom,special-grade
screenbottom,even footing with a carpet bombing of cluster bombs\h\h\h\h\h
ijichi,let us say you might be on even footing if  you carpet bomb it with cluster bombs.
yuuji,that is real bad!
fushiguro,normally a jujutsu sorcerer on par with  the cursed spirit would take on the mission.
fushiguro,on a day like today,  that would be gojou-sensei.
yuuji,i-i see.
yuuji,so where is gojou-sensei?
fushiguro,away on business.
yuuji,huh?
fushiguro,he is not someone who should be loafing  around at the school in the first place.
gojou,do not expect any souvenirs.
ijichi,unfortunately, we are constantly  short-handed in this business.
ijichi,you will often have to undertake  missions beyond your power.
ijichi,the current case, however, is an abnormal one, and most urgent.
ijichi,do not fight under any circumstances.
ijichi,if you encounter a special-grade,
ijichi,your options are to either run or die.
ijichi,please just listen to your fears.
ijichi,do not forget that your mission here
ijichi,is strictly the verification  and rescue of survivors.
mother,excuse me!
mother,excuse me, where is tadashi?!
staff,stop! stay back!
staff,please stay back!
mother,is tadashi... is my son tadashi all right?!
staff,please calm down!
mother,hey, stop it!
staff,let go of me!
staff,please stay back! it is dangerous!
staff,let me through!
ijichi,she is a guardian who was here for a visit.
ijichi,please step away.
ijichi,there is a possibility that someone has  spread poisonous gas throughout the center.
ijichi,we cannot share any more details at this time.
mother,no...
mother,why?
mother,why is this happening?!
yuuji,fushiguro, kugisaki.
yuuji,we are going to save them!
kugisaki,of course we are.
,jujutsu kaisen
sign,block 2
screen,episode 4: curse womb must die
screen,episode 4: curse womb must die
ijichi,be careful.
ijichi,i will put up my veil.
ijichi,emerge from darkness, blacker than darkness.
ijichi,purify that which is impure.
yuuji,it is becoming night!
fushiguro,it is veil.
fushiguro,there is a residential area nearby,
fushiguro,so this barrier conceals us  from the outside world.
yuuji,that is incredible!
kugisaki,ignorant.
fushiguro,demon dogs!
fushiguro,he will let us know if the curse gets close.
yuuji,oh, i see!
yuuji,good boy, good boy! we are counting on you, okay?
fushiguro,let us go.
fushiguro,wait!
kugisaki,what is this?
yuuji,wh-what is going on in here?
yuuji,this is a two-story dorm, is not it?
kugisaki,c-c-calm down! it is a maisonette.
fushiguro,no, it is not.
fushiguro,it is the deployment of an  innate domain due to cursed energy.
fushiguro,it is my first time seeing one this big.
fushiguro,where is the door?!
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,th-the door's gone!
kugisaki,how?! we just came in  through here, did not we?!
both,what do we do?  ah, what do we do about this?
fushiguro,it will be fine.
fushiguro,the dog remembers the scent of the entrance.
both,oh, my!
kugisaki,good boy! have some jerky!
kugisaki,have all the jerky you want!
fushiguro,you are way too calm!
yuuji,you really are dependable, fushiguro.
yuuji,thanks to you, we will be able to  rescue people and save ourselves, too.
fushiguro,let us keep moving.
kugisaki,atrocious.
fushiguro,that is... three people, right?
tag,okazaki tadashi
mother,is tadashi... is my son tadashi all right?!
yuuji,let us take this body back.
kugisaki,huh?
yuuji,it is that woman's son.
kugisaki,but...
yuuji,his face is not too badly mangled.
yuuji,his mother will not accept it if we tell  her he is dead, but we do not have a body.
fushiguro,we have to find and verify two more.
fushiguro,leave that body behind.
yuuji,quit joking around!
yuuji,we turned around, and the way  we got in here was gone!
yuuji,we will not be able to come back for it later!
fushiguro,i did not say to come back for it!  i said to leave it behind!
fushiguro,i have no intention of risking my own life
fushiguro,to save someone i had no intention  of saving in the first place!
yuuji,no intention of saving him?  what do you mean?!
fushiguro,this is a juvenile detention center.
fushiguro,jujutsu sorcerers are granted access to  all information about the scene beforehand.
fushiguro,this okazaki tadashi
fushiguro,hit a little girl on her way home from  school while driving without a license.
screen,youth's name | date of birth okazaki tadashi | august 9th, 2001 highest education | sakakidate high school  date of detention | july 20, 2017 family history | only has his birth mother, okazaki chisaki (42)... ...gone missing, and cannot be contacted... ...living with his mother in an apartment in eishuu city...
fushiguro,it was his second offense  of driving without a license.
fushiguro,i know you are stuck on saving lots of people  and guiding them to proper deaths.
fushiguro,but what are you going to do when someone  you saved kills someone else in the future?
yuuji,then why did you bother saving me?!
kugisaki,cut it out!
kugisaki,christ, what are you two doing?!
kugisaki,you are both idiots!
kugisaki,think about the time and place if you—
yuuji,kugisaki?
fushiguro,no way! demon dogs should  have sensed the curse!
fushiguro,itadori!
fushiguro,we are running!
fushiguro,we will search for kugisaki la—
fushiguro,there is no mistake.
fushiguro,it is a special-grade.
fushiguro,i cannot move.
yuuji,move.
yuuji,move! move! move! move!
grandfather,help others.
fushiguro,itadori?
itadori,huh?
kugisaki,damn it, where am i?
kugisaki,it is so dark, i cannot see a thing.
kugisaki,the curse's presence!
kugisaki,how can there be so many?!
fushiguro,nue!
fushiguro,do not die on me, itadori and kugisaki!
yuuji,i cannot escape after it is gotten this close!
yuuji,hey, sukuna!
yuuji,if i die, you die too, right?
yuuji,if you do not want that, then help me out!
sukuna,nope!
sukuna,even if the parts of me inside you die,
sukuna,there are eighteen other fragments of my soul.
sukuna,still, irritatingly enough,  i do not have control of this body.
sukuna,if you want to switch, go ahead and switch.
sukuna,but once you do,
sukuna,i will kill that brat before the cursed spirit can!
sukuna,then i will go for that woman!
sukuna,she is a lively one. i will have fun with her.
yuuji,i am not going to let you do that.
sukuna,i bet.
sukuna,but if you are too focused on me,  your friends are going to die.
fushiguro,it is not jujutsu.
fushiguro,he just unleashed pure cursed energy.
yuuji,fushiguro!
yuuji,fushiguro!
yuuji,fushiguro!
yuuji,take kugisaki and get out of here!
yuuji,i will keep this one busy  until you two are out.
yuuji,as soon as you are out,  give me some kind of signal.
yuuji,once you do... i will switch with sukuna.
fushiguro,you know you cannot do that!
fushiguro,not with only one arm against a special-grade!
yuuji,look closer.
yuuji,it is having fun.
yuuji,it is obviously toying with us.
yuuji,i can at least buy us some time.
fushiguro,no!
yuuji,fushiguro!
yuuji,please.
fushiguro,demon dogs!
fushiguro,find kugisaki!
kugisaki,this is my last one.
kugisaki,i should have brought a lot more with me.
yuuji,trying to say it is easier to move  around in your underwear?
yuuji,what do i do, though?
yuuji,i have no clue how to use cursed energy.
yuuji,but for now, that is fine.
yuuji,i just have to buy ti—
yuuji,what was that? a cursed energy barrier?
yuuji,ow, ow, ow...
yuuji,it hurts, it hurts, it hurts! why am i...
yuuji,if only i had not picked up  that finger back then...
yuuji,if i had not eaten it...
yuuji,if only...
yuuji,if only...
yuuji,stop!
yuuji,do not think!
yuuji,no! no!
yuuji,i want to run! i want to run! i want to run!
yuuji,i do not want to die!
yuuji,if i died here...
yuuji,if i actually died...
yuuji,would that be a proper death?!
yuuji,do not think!
grandfather,help others.
yuuji,have i...
yuuji,gotten so weak?
kugisaki,i know your face now.
kugisaki,i swear i will curse you!
fushiguro,we are escaping, kugisaki!
kugisaki,i hate frogs, you know.
fushiguro,yeah, well, sorry!
yuuji,i was so full of myself.
yuuji,i thought i was strong.
yuuji,i thought i was at least strong  enough to choose when i died.
yuuji,but i was wrong.
yuuji,i am weak!
yuuji,i am far too weak!
yuuji,augh, i do not want to die!
yuuji,no! no way!
yuuji,but... i am going to die!
yuuji,a proper death?
yuuji,yeah, right! do not be naïve!
yaga,jujutsu sorcerers never die without regret.
yuuji,still, i want to be able to say  my death was a proper one.
fushiguro,the negative emotions of mankind  become the source of curses.
yuuji,so all the hate, fear, regret...
yuuji,let it all out...
yuuji,and put it in your fist!
yuuji,damn it!
yuuji,that howl...
yuuji,it is fushiguro's signal.
sukuna,what a thoroughly annoying brat.
,jujutsu kaisen
,jujutsu kaisen
sukuna,what a thoroughly annoying brat.
sukuna,he is obviously screwing with me.
sukuna,hold on a moment. i am thinking right now.
sukuna,what can i do to make that brat regret this?
sukuna,if i went after him, the brat would  just switch back right beforehand.
sukuna,so the thing that would cause  him the most trouble...
sukuna,is probably this.
sukuna,i will put things back the way they were.
sukuna,hey, let us go kill some kids.
sukuna,follow me.
sukuna,idiot.
sukuna,ah, shit. i healed this one, too.
sukuna,you do not like walks?
sukuna,well, cursed spirits are usually  supposed to stay where they are born.
sukuna,fine, fine. in that case...
sukuna,you die here!
sukuna,hey, what is the matter?
sukuna,you are not finished already, are you?
sukuna,that is it. come on, try harder.
sukuna,even a cursed spirit
sukuna,would miss their arm, right?
fushiguro,please expand the evacuation  area to ten kilometers.
ijichi,what about you?
fushiguro,i am waiting here for itadori to return.
ijichi,i see.
ijichi,after i take kugisaki-san to the hospital,  i will return as quickly as possible.
fushiguro,no, there would not be much  point in you staying here.
fushiguro,if you want to do something,
fushiguro,please ask them to send over  a sorcerer grade 1 or higher.
fushiguro,not that i imagine any are around.
ijichi,i will do what i can. later.
fushiguro,if the worst case happens...
fushiguro,i do not want to let him die.
fushiguro,they are.
fushiguro,please do something about this.
fushiguro,...then it is my responsibility to end him.
sukuna,hey, did you know?
sukuna,we are both classified as  special-grade, apparently.
sukuna,both you and me, man.
sukuna,good job, special-grade.
sukuna,keep trying.
sukuna,you look happy.
sukuna,want me to praise you?
sukuna,but healing with cursed energy is not that hard  for cursed spirits, unlike for humans.
sukuna,neither you nor this brat
sukuna,really understand
sukuna,what curses truly are.
sukuna,this is a good opportunity,  so i will show you...
sukuna,what real jujutsu is.
sukuna,domain expansion.
sukuna,malevolent shrine!
sukuna,i was planning to cut you in three slices,
sukuna,but you are really weak.
sukuna,oh, yeah, and then there is this.
sukuna,i will be taking this.
sukuna,it is over.
sukuna,this sucks!
sukuna,if you are going to switch, just do it already!
sukuna,what is the matter, brat?
screen&voice,juju stroll
ijichi,yes, yes, understood.
ijichi,thank you very much.
ijichi,yes.
both,stare...
ijichi,what is the matter?
kugisaki,you bow while on the phone.
ijichi,i just get so wrapped up in creating the feeling  of "i am on the phone!" while on a call...
kugisaki,i know what you mean.
kugisaki,i have hurt my neck several times dealing  with ingrown hairs while depilating.
kugisaki,of course, i have hurt my pores, too.
itadori,is that really the same?
itadori,you are often irritated when  you are on the phone, fushiguro.
fushiguro,that is because of gojou-sensei,  not the phone.
kugisaki,you often wander around when  you are on the phone, itadori.
ijichi,speaking of phones,
ijichi,can you all stay on a call while holding  the phone against your shoulder?
screen,episode 5: curse womb must die -ii-