fushiguro,under jujutsu regulations, itadori yuuji,
fushiguro,i will exorcise you as a curse!
yuuji,wait, really, i am just fine!
yuuji,more importantly, you and i  are both pretty beat up.
yuuji,let us get to a hospital.
fushiguro,i cannot tell if the one speaking right now  is itadori or the cursed object...
fushiguro,damn it! what should i do?!
gojou,what is the situation?
fushiguro,gojou-sensei?! why are you here?
gojou,hey.
gojou,i was not planning on coming,
gojou,but man, you are roughed up.
gojou,i should show the second-years.
gojou,face this way.
gojou,the higher-ups would not shut up with a  special-grade cursed object gone missing.
gojou,so i stopped by while  doing some sightseeing.
gojou,so, did you find it?
yuuji,um...
yuuji,sorry, but i ate it.
gojou,for real?
fushi/yuuji,for real.
gojou,damn, it really did combine with you.
gojou,that is hilarious.
gojou,anything off with your body?
yuuji,not particularly.
gojou,can you swap out with sukuna?
yuuji,sukuna?
gojou,the curse you ate.
yuuji,oh... yeah, i think i can do that.
gojou,then give us ten seconds.
gojou,once ten seconds are up, come back to us.
yuuji,but...
gojou,do not worry, i am the strongest.
gojou,megumi, hold on to this.
fushiguro,what is it?
gojou,kikufuku from kikusuian.
mochiwrapper,kikufuku
gojou,it is sendai's specialty, and it is super good.
gojou,i recommend the zunda and cream flavor.
fushiguro,this guy actually went and bought souvenirs!
fushiguro,when people were out here dying!
gojou,it is not a souvenir.
gojou,i am going to eat it on the bullet train home.
fushiguro,behind you!
gojou,kikufuku's not like other souvenirs...
gojou,and the whipped cream  inside is simply exquisite...
gojou,my student's watching,
gojou,so i am going to show off a little.
sukuna,he is unbelievably fast?
sukuna,no, that is not it...
sukuna,for crying out loud...
sukuna,you jujutsu sorcerers are always trouble,
sukuna,no matter what the era!
sukuna,though that does not mean much to me.
gojou,seven...
gojou,eight...
gojou,nine...
gojou,should be time.
sukuna,damn it... again?
sukuna,i cannot take over.
sukuna,who the hell is this... itadori... brat?
yuuji,oh, was everything okay?
gojou,i am shocked.
gojou,you really can control it.
yuuji,he is kind of annoying, though.
yuuji,i can hear his voice.
gojou,it is a miracle that is all he is doing.
fushiguro,what did you do?
gojou,knocked him out.
gojou,if he is not possessed by  sukuna when he wakes up,
gojou,he might have potential as a vessel.
gojou,now, i have a question for you.
gojou,what should we do with him?
fushiguro,even if he is a vessel,
fushiguro,jujutsu regulations demand  itadori be executed.
fushiguro,however...
fushiguro,i do not want to let him die.
gojou,your personal feelings?
fushiguro,yes. please do something about this.
gojou,now it is a request from a precious student.
gojou,leave it to me!
gojou,with that, allow me to say it once more.
gojou,you are being executed.
yuuji,the recap and current  events do not line up, though.
gojou,hey, i did my best.
gojou,the execution's still on,  but i got your sentence suspended.
yuuji,suspended?
yuuji,so you are not killing me right away?
gojou,yup.
gojou,i will explain from the top.
gojou,this is the same as the cursed object you ate.
gojou,there are twenty in total.
gojou,we possess six of them.
yuuji,twenty?
yuuji,oh, each finger and toe?
gojou,no, sukuna has four arms.
gojou,as you can see, we cannot destroy them.
gojou,the curse is just that powerful.
gojou,the curse grows stronger by the day,
gojou,and the seals of modern-day  jujutsu sorcerers cannot keep up.
gojou,that is where you come in.
gojou,when you die, the curse  inside you will die, as well.
gojou,our elders are cowards, you know.
gojou,they are demanding we kill you right away.
gojou,but that would be a waste, would not it?
yuuji,a waste?
gojou,there is no guarantee another vessel capable  of handling sukuna will ever be born again.
gojou,so this is what i proposed:
gojou,if we are going to kill you anyway,
gojou,why not kill you after you have  absorbed all of sukuna?
gojou,the higher-ups agreed.
gojou,so now you have two options before you.
gojou,you can die right now,
gojou,or you can find all the parts of sukuna
gojou,and die after you have absorbed them.
,jujutsu kaisen
building,sugisawa hospital
building,sugisawa hospital
screen,episode 2:         for myself
sasaki,itadori.
yuuji,how is iguchi-senpai doing?
sasaki,the doctors say he is fine,
sasaki,but he has not regained consciousness.
sasaki,it is all my fault.
sasaki,if i had not asked him to come to the school that night...
sasaki,i know you will not believe this,
sasaki,but this weird monster attacked us,
sasaki,and i was captured, too.
yuuji,i believe you.
yuuji,those were not monsters. they were curses.
yuuji,that finger was a special-grade cursed object.
yuuji,it had the power to draw other  curses to it and make them stronger.
yuuji,so it was not your fault.
yuuji,it was mine for picking it up.
yuuji,sorry.
yuuji,it will be all right, though.
yuuji,someone capable of fixing  iguchi-senpai will be here tomorrow.
sasaki,itadori?
yuuji,sorry, senpai.
yuuji,there is somewhere i need to go.
yuuji,bye-bye.
gojou,who passed away?
yuuji,my grandpa. although he  was like a father to me.
gojou,i see. sorry it happened at a time like that.
gojou,so have you decided what you want to do?
yuuji,are casualties like these  from curses pretty common?
gojou,this one was a rather exceptional case,
gojou,but in terms of the damage,  it happens all the time.
gojou,it is a good night when someone dies  a normal death after encountering a curse.
gojou,finding a body that is all torn apart  is on the better end of the outcomes.
gojou,if you plan to hunt down sukuna,  you are going to witness some gruesome scenes,
gojou,and i cannot guarantee you  will not end up that way yourself.
gojou,so choose your hell.
grandpa,you are a strong kid, so help others.
yuuji,if all the parts of sukuna were gone,
yuuji,would there be fewer people  who get harmed by curses?
gojou,of course.
yuuji,do you still have that finger?
yuuji,looking at it again, it is pretty disgusting.
gojou,well, that is the second one.  one tenth of the whole.
gojou,what is going to happen?
yuuji,gross!
yuuji,so gross it is funny.
gojou,that settles it.
gojou,it is not just a physical tolerance.
gojou,he can control himself  against sukuna without issue.
gojou,we have not seen someone with  talent like that in a thousand years.
yuuji,something wrong?
gojou,oh, it is nothing.
gojou,i take it this means you have  steeled your resolve?
yuuji,not at all.
yuuji,i am still wondering why  i have to be executed.
yuuji,but i cannot just do nothing about the curse.
yuuji,that last request is going to be a pain in my ass.
yuuji,i will eat every part of sukuna.  i do not care what happens from there.
yuuji,i have already decided how i am going to die.
gojou,nice! i like people like you.
gojou,sounds like a fun hell awaits.
yuuji,make sure you are packed  by the end of the day.
,we going somewhere?
fushiguro,tokyo.
yuuji,fushiguro! you are looking good!
fushiguro,you think so after seeing this?
fushiguro,you are going to transfer to the same  school for jujutsu sorcerers i attend.
yuuji,huh?
gojou,tokyo metropolitan jujutsu  technical high school.
gojou,by the way, you are the third first-year.
yuuji,only three?!
yuuji,okay, i am heading out, grandpa.
stone,itadori family grave
yuuji,this is really deep in the mountains!
yuuji,is this actually tokyo?
gojou,even tokyo's like this on the outskirts.
yuuji,where is fushiguro?
gojou,he is been treated by a sorcerer,  and now he is fast asleep.
gojou,tokyo metropolitan jujutsu  technical high school.
board,tokyo metropolitan jujutsu technical high school
gojou,it is one of only two jujutsu  educational facilities.
gojou,on the surface, it is known  as a private religious school.
gojou,many jujutsu sorcerers continue  to use it as a base after graduation,
gojou,so it is a pillar of the jujutsu community
gojou,not just in education, but for support and mediation in missions.
gojou,anyway, you are about to have  an interview with the principal.
yuuji,the principal?
gojou,screw it up and he could reject  your admission, so go all-out.
yuuji,huh?!
yuuji,and what then? immediate execution?!
sukuna,what?
sukuna,so you are not the boss?
sukuna,any hierarchy other  than strength is worthless.
yuuji,sorry, sensei.
yuuji,he pops out sometimes.
gojou,what an amusing body you have now.
sukuna,i owe you a favor, you know.
yuuji,not again!
sukuna,once i make this brat's body my own,  you will be the first one i kill!
gojou,it is an honor to be targeted by sukuna.
yuuji,this guy's really that famous?
gojou,ryoumen sukuna is a fierce imaginary  god with four arms and two faces.
gojou,but he is actually a human that really existed,
gojou,though it was over a thousand years ago.
gojou,in the golden age of jujutsu,
gojou,sorcerers gathered up all their might  to challenge him and failed.
gojou,crowned with the title of sukuna,
gojou,we could not even destroy his grave wax
gojou,as he traversed the ages  after death as a cursed object.
gojou,without a doubt, he is the king of curses.
yuuji,who is stronger, you or him?
gojou,well...
gojou,if sukuna regained all of his power,
gojou,it might be a little draining.
yuuji,would you lose?
gojou,i would win.
yaga,you are late, satoru.
yaga,eight minutes late.
yaga,not enough to chastise you for,
yaga,but i know i told you to fix  your habit of being late.
yuuji,that old dude's making cute things!
gojou,if it is not enough to chastise me for,  then do not chastise me.
gojou,you are just making dolls, anyway. what is a measly eight minutes?
gojou,that is principal yaga masamichi.
yaga,that is the boy?
yuuji,itadori yuuji!
yuuji,i am into girls like jennifer lawrence!  pleasure to meet you!
yaga,what did you come here for?
yuuji,an interview.
yaga,but why jujutsu tech?
yuuji,to learn jujutsu?
yaga,i mean beyond that.
yaga,what do you hope to find once you have studied  curses and learned how to exorcise them?
yuuji,well, i mean... i am going to  collect the fingers of sukuna.
yuuji,it is dangerous to just leave them as is.
yaga,why?
yaga,people you will never know  die every day due to crimes,
yaga,accidents, and diseases  in the natural course of life.
gojou,here he goes again.
yaga,but you are telling me you cannot overlook it  when that death is caused by a curse?
yuuji,it was someone is dying wish.
yuuji,i do not care about the details.
yuuji,i just want to save people.
yaga,a dying wish?
yaga,so you are saying you will fight against curses  because someone else told you to?
yaga,you fail.
yuuji,those were not dolls?!
yaga,cursed corpses. they are dolls.
yaga,dolls infused with my curse.
yuuji,it is heavy!
yuuji,is that really a doll?!
yaga,a person's true nature  reveals itself during a crisis.
yaga,i will keep attacking you until  i get an acceptable answer.
yuuji,look, man, it was not just "someone else."
yuuji,it was a family member's dying wish!
yuuji,shit, where is it?!
,ow...
yaga,a family member is still "someone else."
yuuji,right, it is a doll.
yuuji,it does not get hurt or frightened.
yaga,a jujutsu sorcerer is  constantly facing death.
yaga,and not just their own death.
yaga,sometimes you must ignore those murdered  by a curse to rend the flesh from it.
yaga,it is an unpleasant job.
yaga,you have to be a little crazy  and highly motivated to handle it.
yaga,you would do that because  someone else told you to?
yaga,do not make me laugh.
yaga,it would be more believable if you told me you  were doing it to postpone your execution.
yuuji,screw you! i—
yaga,are you going to blame your grandfather  when you are killed by a curse, too?
yuuji,you say some pretty damn  harsh things, old man.
yaga,education is making people realize things.
yuuji,i am not really...
yaga,it is not easy to imagine how  you will feel on the verge of death.
yaga,however, i can say one thing for certain.
yaga,at the rate you are going, you could end  up cursing your beloved grandfather.
yaga,jujutsu sorcerers never die without regret.
yaga,i will ask you once more.
yaga,why have you come here to jujutsu tech?
yuuji,i was always better than  most in sports and in fights.
yuuji,but never once did i think,  "this is something only i can do."
yuuji,consuming sukuna is something only i can do.
yuuji,if i managed to escape my death sentence
yuuji,and ran away from this responsibility,
yuuji,i would be there eating food,  taking a bath, or reading manga,
yuuji,and the moment i stopped to think, i would go,
yuuji,"oh, i bet someone is dying because of  sukuna right now," and become depressed.
yuuji,"that does not involve me."
yuuji,"it is not my fault."
yuuji,you expect me to just tell myself that?
yuuji,i refuse to do that.
yuuji,i do not know how i will feel when i am dying,
yuuji,but i do not want to regret the way i lived!
yaga,satoru.
yaga,show him to the dorm.
yaga,explain the security and  everything else to him, too.
yuuji,huh?
yaga,you pass.
yaga,welcome to jujutsu tech.
yaga,oh, sorry.
yaga,i forgot to release the curse.
yuuji,this place is huge!
gojou,all the second- and third-years  are out at the moment.
yuuji,hello!
gojou,but you will meet them soon enough.
yuuji,is anybody home?
gojou,there are not many of them.
gojou,but there is really no reason  for you to fight, too, is there?
gojou,fushiguro and i could  retrieve sukuna's fingers.
gojou,you could just wait here.
yuuji,it is fine! i said i would do it, and i am doing it!
yuuji,though lazing around...
,hey.
yuuji,...while fushiguro came in all beaten up  to bring me a finger would be a funny sight.
gojou,that is true.
gojou,well, i know there is no way  in hell you are not going to fight.
yuuji,hey! you were testing me?!
gojou,if they were that easy to find,  we would have found them all already.
gojou,some have a presence that is overwhelming.
gojou,some keep very quiet.
gojou,some have already been  absorbed by a cursed spirit.
gojou,there is nothing more troublesome  when it comes to searching for them.
gojou,but now we have you.
gojou,the sukuna within you will tell us where  the fingers are to try to regain his power.
gojou,you are both vessel and locator,
gojou,our very own radar.
gojou,so we will not get anywhere  without you in the field.
yuuji,you think he is going to be that nice?
gojou,i think we can come to a  win-win agreement there.
fushiguro,you are next door?
yuuji,oh, fushiguro!
yuuji,you look like you are doing well now.
fushiguro,there were plenty other  empty rooms, were not there?
gojou,but is not livelier better?
gojou,i thought it would be good for—
fushiguro,classes and missions are enough.
fushiguro,this was an unwelcome favor.
yuuji,wow, it is so organized.
fushiguro,i just said you are unwelcome!
gojou,well, it is all good.
gojou,more importantly, we are heading out tomorrow!
gojou,we are going to go pick up the third first-year.
station,the train bound for tokyo is now arriving.
station,for your safety, please  stand behind the yellow line.
kugizaki,it took four hours just  to get as far as morioka.
kugizaki,i can finally kiss that  damn countryside goodbye.
kugizaki,guess i will be in tokyo by the afternoon.
kugizaki,what should i do if i get scouted?
kugizaki,like, by stardust?
,episode 3:  girl of steel