gojou,morning.
gojou,so which one are you right now?
yuuji,are not you...
gojou,gojou satoru.
gojou,i am in charge of the  first-years at jujutsu tech.
yuuji,jujutsu...
yuuji,fushiguro... senpai!
yuuji,what is this?
gojou,i am not sure you should  be worrying about others,
gojou,itadori yuuji.
gojou,it is been decided that you will  be secretly executed.
,jujutsu kaisen
screen,episode 1: ryoumen sukuna
plate,itadori
nurse,hello, sugisawa hospital.
yuuji,oh, this is itadori.
yuuji,i just called earlier.
yuuji,yes.
yuuji,yes.
yuuji,i am sorry to keep calling,
yuuji,but how is my grandpa doing?
nurse,huh? i thought they already told you.
nurse,oh, please hold on.
nurse,i will go ask myself.
nurse,itadori-san never uses his call button.
nurse,it is actually scary that he does not.
nurse,itadori-san, you have a phone call.
nurse,yuuji-kun's asking if you  want him to bring any—
grandpa,leave me alone!
grandpa,tell him not to come!
grandpa,he should go to his club! his club!
nurse,what? what is going on?
nurse,you heard him.
nurse,what club are you in, yuuji-kun?
yuuji,i heard.
yuuji,i will come by tomorrow evening.
sign,miyashiro prefectural sugisawa third high school
fushiguro,they are keeping a cursed  object in a place like this?
fushiguro,could they be any dumber?
fushiguro,there is nothing here.
gojou,huh?
fushiguro,the stevenson screen's empty.
gojou,for real? that is hilarious!
gojou,maybe it took a nighttime stroll.
fushiguro,i will punch you.
gojou,well, no going home  until it is recovered, okay?
fushiguro,i am seriously going to punch him next time.
yuuji,ready to go?
yuuji,are you really sure,
sign,occult phenomenon research club
yuuji,sasaki-senpai?
yuuji,iguchi-senpai?
yuuji,okay, here we go!
yuuji,spirits, spirits, please tell us...
yuuji,which creature is the council  president just barely weaker than?!
all&screen,ku
all&screen,ku-ri-o-ne (sea angel)?
all&screen,ri
all&screen,o
all&screen,ne
sidebar,sea angel
sidebar,a type of plankton living in cold oceans!
sidebar,a transparent body!
sidebar,it is actually related to mollusks!
sidebar,it moves its legs, which look like wings, to float around.
sidebar,when capturing prey, its mouth pops open and shoots out tentacles!
sidebar,eek!
yuuji,a sea angel can beat him?!
yuuji,what a small fry!
president,occult club!
yuuji,hey, plankton president! what is up?
paper,notice
president,as you were previously informed,
president,a research club with no real activities  must forfeit its club room.
president,so vacate this room at once!
yuuji,you should not underestimate  our members, president.
book,mysterious events file 9
president,what is that?
sasaki,you know about our rugby field  being closed off, right?
president,yes.
president,some of the students who fell  ill were actually hospitalized.
sasaki,do not you think that is strange?
sasaki,we are talking about tough rugby players here.
sasaki,truth is, the players said  they started hearing
,b i n g
,o o o o o
,mysterious sounds and voices  right before they fell ill.
sasaki,that is when we found this newspaper  article from thirty years ago.
centerheadline,belongings found on roadside,  possible crime
sasaki,it talks about the disappearance of yoshida-san,  who worked with the construction company,
headline,former employee, age 35, goes missing at sugisawa
rightheadline,former employee of a major construction company never made a comeback and went into debt
rightheadline,last sighted at sugisawa third
centerheadline,laid off from work failed to start new enterprise possible suicide
sasaki,and it mentions he was last sighted here at  sugisawa third high school during construction.
screen,laid off from work failed to start new enterprise
sasaki,yoshida-san was struggling to make ends meet,
screen,continuous collection calls threatening calls and faxes
sasaki,so he turned to loan sharks
sasaki,and those organizations were after him.
screen,suspicious men at his home possible kidnapping
sasaki,which means!
sasaki,the whole disaster at the  rugby field was caused by
sasaki,the vengeful spirit of yoshida-san,  who is buried there!
screen,vengeful spirit
president,no, it was caused by ticks.
screen,vengeful spirit
screen,hard ticks
screen,a large, parasitic tick that sucks the blood of animals and humans!
screen,be careful, because they can be carriers of infectious diseases that lead to death if they bite humans!
screen,diseases such as severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (sfts)
screen,hmm?
screen,they leap onto targets from grass and bushes.
screen,burp
screen,leap
screen,size
screen,before blood
screen,after blood
screen,after sucking blood, their size can increase up to 100x!
president,hard ticks.
president,a large, blood-sucking bug.
president,if one bites you and infects you with sfts,
president,it can be fatal, so be very careful.
yuuji,so what?!
yuuji,the occult club is trying  to uncover occult activity,
yuuji,so it is still a proper club activity report!
president,this is not some kid's game!
president,besides, the biggest problem is you,
president,itadori yuuji!
president,you are registered with track  and field, not the occult club,
president,so this club does not even have the  three members required for any club!
screen,not enough members
yuuji,huh?
sasaki,itadori...
yuuji,no, i know i wrote down the occult club.
takagi,i rewrote it!
yuuji,the track and field coach, takagi!
takagi,itadori, we need you so we  can conquer the nationals!
president,a teacher more problematic than  the students just showed up...
yuuji,give it a rest! how many times  do i have to tell you i refuse?
takagi,you cannot!
yuuji,why cannot i?!
takagi,however, i am not some demon!
takagi,if you can beat me, then i will give up on you.
takagi,let us settle it fair and square on the track!
yuuji,now it is interesting!
yuuji,you are on!
screen,track and field coach
screen,takagi
screen,itadori
president,is it "fair and square" to rewrite  a student's club application?
fushiguro,what is with this rugby field?
fushiguro,is there a dead body  buried here or something?
fushiguro,even if there is,
fushiguro,i am surprised to see one this high-leveled.
fushiguro,that is probably a grade 2 curse.
fushiguro,must be that cursed object's influence.
sign,no unauthorized entry
fushiguro,damn it.
fushiguro,its presence is too strong to pin down.
fushiguro,it feels like it is close by,  but it could still be far away, too.
fushiguro,this special-grade cursed  object is a serious pain.
fushiguro,who could have moved it?
fushiguro,where is it now?
student,over here!
student,coach takagi is taking on  itadori from west middle!
student,wow, what are they competing in?
,yeah!
student,fourteen meters!
screen,*japan's national record
student,wow, takagi's still got it!
students,itadori! itadori!
student,what are you going to do, itadori?!
sasaki,hey, is itadori famous or something?
iguchi,they are probably tall tales, but i heard  he beat all stages of ninja warrior,
iguchi,and that he is the reincarnation  of mirko cro cop.
sasaki,but mirko's not even dead yet.
iguchi,still, he earned the nickname  "tiger of west middle."
sasaki,lame.
yuuji,hey, can i just throw this however i want?
takagi,yep. i will not call any fouls,  so throw however you please.
takagi,sorry.
takagi,i wanted to demonstrate how  serious i am by intentionally
,choosing something that is not your forte—
student,uh, roughly thirty meters.
screen,*world record
yuuji,yeah, i win!
sasaki,he is more gorilla than tiger, is not he?
iguchi,that was a pitcher's throw.
sasaki,itadori, you would do well on a sports team.
sasaki,you do not have to force yourself to  stay in our occult club, y'know.
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,but as much as you two love scary things,
yuuji,you could not go to haunted  places without me, could you?
screen,shiver
screen,tremble
screen,3 days ago
sasaki,we are scared because we like it.
student,yay!
yuuji,besides, this school requires  everyone to be in a club, right?
yuuji,i could not keep up with this.
sasaki,you do not have to do anything! you can be a ghost member!
sign,occult phenomenon research club
sasaki,we are the occult club, after all!
sasaki,i did say that.
yuuji,i want to be able to go home  by 5 pm for my own reasons.
yuuji,so if it is okay with you, i would like to stay.
yuuji,i like the atmosphere of  the occult club a lot.
sasaki,well, if that is how it is, we do not mind.
iguchi,yeah.
fushiguro,that guy's incredible.
fushiguro,he pulled that off without any cursed energy.
fushiguro,i wonder if he is like zenin-senpai...
yuuji,oh, it is already half past four!
yuuji,well, coach, i have got stuff to do! later!
fushiguro,the presence of a cursed object!
fushiguro,hey, you!
fushiguro,he is way too fast!
student,i heard he can run fifty  meters in three seconds.
student,is he a car?
screen,*world record 5.47s+
sign,sugisawa hospital
sign,itadori
sign,saitou
grandpa,i told you not to come.
grandpa,stop buying flowers to bring  with you all the time.
yuuji,you always give me that.
yuuji,besides, these are not for you.  they are for the nurses.
grandpa,all the more reason not to, you fool!
grandpa,and what about your club?
grandpa,go to your club! your club!
yuuji,oh, chill out.
yuuji,it ends before 5 pm.
yuuji,i would not be visiting you  if i did not have the free time.
grandpa,good.
grandpa,then listen to me, since i have got free time, too.
yuuji,not interested.
grandpa,just listen well.
grandpa,there is something i want  to tell you before the end.
grandpa,it is about your parents.
yuuji,i said i am not interested.
yuuji,grandpa, could stop trying to  act all cool before you die?
grandpa,every man wants to go out in style, you know!
grandpa,get a clue, you useless grandson!
yuuji,quit snapping over everything.
yuuji,you can just be yourself.
grandpa,tsk. lax upbringing.
grandpa,yuuji.
yuuji,hmm?
grandpa,you are a strong kid, so help others.
grandpa,even if it is only those closest to you,  just save the people you can.
grandpa,it is okay if you lose your way,
grandpa,and do not worry about whether  they will thank you or not.
grandpa,just save as many people as you can,  even if it is only one.
grandpa,when you die, you should  be surrounded by people.
grandpa,do not end up like me.
yuuji,grandpa?
screenleft,nurse call
screenright,matsumoto
screenright,hanai
screenright,eguchi
screenright,akita
screenright,itadori
screenright,kosaka
nurse,yes, what is the matter?
nurse,hello?
nurse,itadori-san?!
nurse,hello?
yuuji,my grandpa... is dead.
paper,notification of death
nurse,okay.
nurse,that is all of the necessary paperwork.
yuuji,okay. thank you for everything.
nurse,are you sure you are okay?
yuuji,well, this is my first time dealing  with something like this,
yuuji,so it does not feel real yet.
yuuji,grandpa would snap if i kept  moping around forever, though,
yuuji,so i will just have to laugh as i roast him up.
nurse,phrasing!
fushiguro,itadori yuuji, right?
fushiguro,i am fushiguro from jujutsu tech.
fushiguro,i would like to have a word with you.
fushiguro,now.
yuuji,um, i am in mourning right now.
fushiguro,sorry, but there is not time.
fushiguro,the cursed object you  possess is very dangerous.
fushiguro,hand it over to me right now.
yuuji,cursed object?
fushiguro,this.
yuuji,oh, yeah, yeah. i found that.
yuuji,i do not mind either way,  but my senpai took a liking to it.
yuuji,what do you mean, "dangerous"?
fushiguro,the number of unexplained  deaths and missing persons
,within japan exceeds  10,000 a year on average.
phone,4th-grade girl commits suicide. bullying suspected. suicide note read, "they told me to die."
phone,head of nursing home in mifune ward stabbed to death. former patient unindicted once again
fushiguro,most of those are the result of curses.
yuuji,curses?
fushiguro,i do not care if you believe in them or not.
fushiguro,they are real.
fushiguro,i will go on.
fushiguro,large pools of negative energy form especially  easily in schools, hospitals, and so on.
fushiguro,hardship, regret, shame...
fushiguro,the negative emotions of mankind  become the source of curses.
fushiguro,that is why most schools secretly keep a  cursed object such as a protective talisman.
fushiguro,the object you found is one of them.
yuuji,if it is protecting us, should not  we be grateful for it?
fushiguro,let me finish.
fushiguro,placing a cursed object of greater evil
fushiguro,is a deadly poison that  keeps other curses away.
fushiguro,it is a bad practice that  only claims to protect.
fushiguro,over the years, its seal weakens,
fushiguro,and then it becomes bait to lure  in and fatten up other curses.
fushiguro,the object you found
fushiguro,is a dangerous one,  classified as special-grade.
fushiguro,hand it over before people start dying.
yuuji,hey, i already said i do not mind that.
yuuji,so go tell it to my senpai.
fushiguro,it is empty?
fushiguro,i was just following the  taint clinging to the box?!
fushiguro,where are the contents?!
yuuji,i already told you, my senpai... have it...
fushiguro,what?
fushiguro,actually, they were talking about removing  the talisman from it tonight at the school.
fushiguro,what? is that bad?
fushiguro,it is worse than bad.
fushiguro,they are going to die.
sasaki,i cannot get it off.
iguchi,did we really need to sneak in to do this?
iguchi,i am turning on the lights.
sasaki,no! the atmosphere's important!
sasaki,enjoying the thrill is in the  spirit of the occult club, is not it?
sasaki,it is not like anything's  going to happen, anyway.
sasaki,oh, it came off!
iguchi,a human finger?
sasaki,is it real?
sasaki,is this...
sasaki,what is this?
yuuji,do talismans come off that easily?
fushiguro,no, it is impossible for people  who lack cursed energy.
fushiguro,normally.
yuuji,go right! it is a shortcut!
fushiguro,this time the object itself is too strong.
fushiguro,the seal is ancient.  it might as well be plain paper.
yuuji,i still do not get all this stuff about curses.
fushiguro,where are they?
yuuji,fourth floor!
yuuji,what is this pressure?
fushiguro,you stay here.
yuuji,i am coming, too!
yuuji,it is dangerous, right?
yuuji,i have only known them a few months,
yuuji,but they are my friends. i cannot just stand by!
fushiguro,stay here.
sign,occult phenomenon research club
curse,what time is it?
curse,the hour hand is at eleven.
sasaki,what is that monster?
iguchi,s-sasaki...
sasaki,iguchi? thank goodness! where have you—
iguchi,help me...
curse,what time is it?
fushiguro,the curse has been unleashed!
fushiguro,its presence is still all over the place!
curse,slurp, slurp.
fushiguro,out of the way!
fushiguro,demon dogs!
curse,slurp.
fushiguro,you can eat it.
yuuji,am i just going to wait  here like he told me to?
yuuji,what am i so afraid of?
fushiguro,they are going to die.
yuuji,that is right.
yuuji,i can sense death all the way out here.
yuuji,i am afraid of dying.
yuuji,was i afraid of it then?
yuuji,it did not feel like i was, though.
yuuji,i did not cry because i was scared.
yuuji,i was just a little sad.
yuuji,but my grandpa's death  and the death i am facing now...
yuuji,how are they any different?
grandpa,you are a strong kid, so help others.
fushiguro,the curses are growing in number.
fushiguro,they are close.
fushiguro,found them.
yuuji,he was short-tempered and stubborn.
yuuji,no one but me ever paid him a visit.
yuuji,"do not end up like me," huh?
yuuji,that is true.
fushiguro,damn it! is it trying to swallow her  along with the cursed object?!
fushiguro,i am not going to make it!
fushiguro,itadori!
yuuji,i think you had a proper death, grandpa.
yuuji,but...
yuuji,this death...
yuuji,is wrong!
yuuji,so this is a curse?
yuuji,not what i was expecting.
fushiguro,i want to ask you what you are doing here,
fushiguro,but good job.
yuuji,why so haughty?
yuuji,by the way, what is that  munching on the curse?
fushiguro,my shikigami.
fushiguro,you can see them, then?
fushiguro,normally a curse cannot be seen.
fushiguro,not unless you are on the verge of  death or in special places like this.
yuuji,yeah, that makes sense.
yuuji,i have never seen a ghost or  anything before tonight.
fushiguro,you are not scared, are you?
yuuji,well, i was scared for a bit.
yuuji,but did you know?
yuuji,people really can die.
fushiguro,huh?
yuuji,so i at least want the people  i know to have proper deaths.
yuuji,not that i really get it myself.
yuuji,whoa.
yuuji,this it?
fushiguro,yeah.
fushiguro,that is the special-grade cursed  object, ryoumen sukuna's finger.
fushiguro,it is a miracle it did not get swallowed.
yuuji,why would anything eat it?
yuuji,does it taste good?
fushiguro,do not be stupid.
fushiguro,you would do it to gain stronger cursed energy.
fushiguro,it is dangerous, so hand it over already.
yuuji,sure, sure.
fushiguro,run!
yuuji,fushiguro!
fushiguro,nue!
fushiguro,damn it, i cannot think straight.
fushiguro,itadori!
fushiguro,why cannot you understand  to take those two and run?!
yuuji,you are in big trouble yourself!
fushiguro,only curses can exorcise other curses!
fushiguro,you cannot beat it!
yuuji,is this the time to be saying that?!
yuuji,you are going to die at this rate!
yuuji,if i went home now, i would be having nightmares!
yuuji,besides,
yuuji,i have my own...
grandpa,help others.
yuuji,...troublesome curse already!
fushiguro,you idiot!
fushiguro,hand it over to me or you will be eaten, too!
yuuji,why would anything eat it?
yuuji,does it taste good?
fushiguro,do not be stupid.
fushiguro,you would do it to gain stronger cursed energy.
yuuji,there is a way to save everyone!
yuuji,i just need some cursed energy,  right, fushiguro?!
fushiguro,do not!
fushiguro,do not do it!
fushiguro,ryoumen sukuna's finger!
fushiguro,that is a special-grade cursed object!
fushiguro,it is a deadly poison! he will die for sure!
fushiguro,but there is a one in a million...
fushiguro,a one in a million chance...
sukuna,ah, i knew it!
sukuna,the light feels best in the flesh!
fushiguro,this is the worst!
fushiguro,a one-in-a-million-chance, worst-case outcome!
fushiguro,the special-grade cursed  object has incarnated!
sukuna,a cursed spirit's flesh is so boring.
sukuna,where are the people? the women?!
sukuna,what a wonderful era to be in.
sukuna,women and children are crawling  everywhere like maggots.
sukuna,marvelous!
sukuna,it will be a massacre!
yuuji,what do you think you are doing with my body?
yuuji,give it back.
sukuna,how are you able to move?
yuuji,i mean, it is my body.
sukuna,he is suppressing me?
fushiguro,do not move.
fushiguro,you are no longer human.
fushiguro,under jujutsu regulations, itadori yuuji,
fushiguro,i will exorcise you as a curse!
screen,episode 2:  for myself