yaga,satoru.
yaga,show him to the dorm.
yaga,explain the security and  everything else to him, too.
yuuji,huh?
yaga,you pass.
yaga,welcome to jujutsu tech.
yuuji,fushiguro!
yuuji,you look like you are doing well now.
fushiguro,there were plenty of other  empty rooms, were not there?
gojou,but is not livelier better?
gojou,i thought it would be good for—
fushiguro,classes and missions are enough.
fushiguro,this was an unwelcome favor.
yuuji,wow, it is so organized.
fushiguro,i just said you are unwelcome!
gojou,well, it is all good.
gojou,more importantly, we are heading out tomorrow!
gojou,we are going to go pick up the third first-year.
station,the train bound for shibuya and  shinagawa is now arriving on track 1.
station,for your safety, please  stand behind the yellow line.
kugisaki,saori-chan.
kugisaki,i am here.
kugisaki,i am in tokyo!
yuuji,how are there only three first-years?  is not that too few?
fushiguro,well, have you ever met anyone  who can see curses before?
yuuji,nope.
fushiguro,that just proves how small  a minority jujutsu sorcerers are.
yuuji,also, did not you say i was the third?
fushiguro,their entry was decided a while ago.
screen,tokyo metropolitan jujutsu technical high school
fushiguro,you know what our school's like.
fushiguro,everyone has unique circumstances.
gojou,sorry for the wait.
gojou,oh?
gojou,your uniform made it in time, i see.
yuuji,yeah, it is a perfect fit.
yuuji,though it is slightly  different from fushiguro's.
yuuji,it has a hood, for one.
gojou,that is because the uniforms can  be customized upon request.
yuuji,huh?
yuuji,but i never put in any requests.
gojou,i was the one who put in the custom order.
yuuji,whatever, i guess.
fushiguro,be careful. gojou-sensei has a  tendency to do things like that.
fushiguro,more importantly, why are  we meeting up in harajuku?
gojou,because it is what she asked for.
yuuji,hey, popcorn! i want some!
scout,oh, hello there. are you  on the clock right now?
woman,no, i am not.
scout,you see, i am looking for potential models.
scout,this is who i am.
scout,would you be interested?
woman,i am in a hurry right now.
scout,just hear me out!
kugisaki,hey, you.
kugisaki,what about me?
scout,her?!
kugisaki,for the modeling gig, duh.
kugisaki,i am asking what you think about me.
scout,oh, um, i am in a hurry at the moment...
kugisaki,what the hell?
kugisaki,do not run from me! come out and say it!
yuuji,we are about to go talk to her?
scout,i am sorry! please let me go!
yuuji,this is kind of embarrassing.
fushiguro,so are you.
gojou,hey!
gojou,over here!
girl,damn, what is up with that blindfold?
wall,400 yen corner
gojou,okay, once again.
kugisaki,kugisaki nobara.
kugisaki,be happy, boys.  i am the one woman in your group.
kugisaki,stare...
screen,episode 3: girl of steel
yuuji,i am itadori yuuji. i am from sendai.
fushiguro,fushiguro megumi.
screen,kugisaki's pov
kugisaki,he looks like a potato.
kugisaki,he is definitely the type that ate his own boogers as a kid.
kugisaki,and only a name here?
kugisaki,i cannot stand high-and-mighty dudes.
kugisaki,i bet he likes setting  oil-slicked gulls on fire.
kugisaki,i always get stuck with  unfortunate circumstances.
yuuji,she took one look and sighed.
fushiguro,are we going somewhere from here?
gojou,we do have all three of you together.
gojou,not to mention, two of you  are from the countryside.
gojou,so of course we are going
gojou,on a tour of tokyo!
screen,tokyo
both,tokyo! tokyo! tokyo!
both,we love tokyo!
fushiguro,huh?
kugisaki,tdl! i want to go to tdl!
yuuji,idiot! tdl's in chiba!
yuuji,let us go to chinatown, sensei!
kugisaki,chinatown's in yokohama!
yuuji,yokohama's part of tokyo!
yuuji,do not you know that? look at a map!
kugisaki,the hell?! quit spouting nonsense!
gojou,i will now announce our destination.
screen,roppongi
gojou,roppongi!
both,roppongi?!
fushiguro,there is a curse here.
both,you liar!
yuuji,this is not even roppongi!
kugisaki,you were toying with us country folk!
gojou,there is a big cemetery nearby.
gojou,the double whammy of that and an  abandoned building brought out a curse.
kugisaki,who does he think is responsible  for the rice he gets to eat, huh?!
yuuji,so they really do pop up  more often around graves?
fushiguro,the issue is not the cemetery itself.
fushiguro,it is the fact that people  associate cemeteries with fear.
yuuji,oh, it was the same  for schools, too, was not it?
kugisaki,hold up. he did not even know that yet?
fushiguro,to be honest...
kugisaki,he swallowed a special-grade cursed object?!
kugisaki,gross! unbelievable!
kugisaki,that is so unsanitary and disgusting!
kugisaki,no way, no way, no way, no way!
yuuji,what?!
fushiguro,i agree with her.
gojou,i want to know what all of you are capable of.
gojou,just think of this as a field test.
gojou,nobara, yuuji,
gojou,you two go exorcise the  curse inside that building.
kugisaki,geh.
yuuji,huh? but i thought only curses  could exorcise curses, right?
yuuji,i cannot use any jujutsu yet.
gojou,you are basically half a curse already.
gojou,there is cursed energy  flowing throughout your body.
gojou,though controlling that energy is not  something you can learn overnight,
gojou,so use this.
gojou,it is the cursed tool, slaughter demon.
gojou,it is a weapon imbued with cursed energy.
gojou,it will work on curses, too.
kugisaki,lame.
gojou,oh, one more thing.
gojou,do not let sukuna out.
gojou,if you use him, you will get rid  of all the curses nearby in a flash,
gojou,but you will also drag everyone around into it.
yuuji,got it. i will not let sukuna out.
kugisaki,hurry it up.
yuuji,yeah, yeah.
gojou,go on, now!
fushiguro,i think i will go, too.
gojou,do not push yourself. you are still recovering.
fushiguro,but someone needs to keep  an eye on itadori, right?
gojou,true.
gojou,but the one we are testing  this time is nobara.
kugisaki,what a pain.
kugisaki,why do i have to deal with curses  after coming all the way to tokyo?
yuuji,huh? did not you come here to exorcise curses?
kugisaki,let us save some time and split up.
kugisaki,i will start from the top and go floor by floor.  you start from the bottom.
kugisaki,let us get this over with quick  and grab some sushi from ginza.
yuuji,hold on a minute.
yuuji,let us take this a bit more seriously.
yuuji,curses are dangerous, you know.
kugisaki,i do not want to hear it from someone  who was a normie until recently!
kugisaki,now get moving!
yuuji,your emotions have been  all over the place today!
kugisaki,this is why girls do not like you!
yuuji,how did you know they do not like me?!
yuuji,are you even popular enough to talk? bitch.
curse,do... you need... a receipt?
yuuji,it is a curse!
yuuji,yeah, i can really move!
gojou,that yuuji...
gojou,he is missing a few up here.
gojou,he has no hesitation
gojou,when it comes to killing these things  that take the form of living creatures,
gojou,albeit bizarre-looking ones, to try to kill him.
gojou,and it is not like he is been familiar  with curses for a long time, like you.
gojou,this is a boy who used to  live a normal high school life.
gojou,you have seen plenty of jujutsu sorcerers, even those with talent,
gojou,give up in frustration because  they could not conquer
gojou,their fear or disgust, have not you?
gojou,so today i want to confirm how crazy she is.
kugisaki,hey, you, curse.
kugisaki,i mean you, mannequin in the center.  you actually think you are hidden there?
kugisaki,if you will not come out,  i will just exorcise you there.
fushiguro,but kugisaki has experience, right?
fushiguro,little late for that now, is not it?
gojou,curses are born from human minds.
gojou,so their strength and numbers grow  in proportion to the population.
gojou,do you think nobara understands...
gojou,that curses in tokyo are on a different  level than those in the countryside?
sign,kugisaki
gojou,curses are born from human minds.
carglass,broken van
carhood,filth
carhood,serves you right
carhood,go back to tokyo
cardoor,leave
gojou,so their strength and numbers grow  in proportion to the population.
gojou,curses in tokyo are on a different  level than those in the countryside.
kugisaki,you might want to pull those out...
kugisaki,or my cursed energy will flow into you.
kugisaki,nailed it.
kugisaki,a child?
kugisaki,must have snuck in for some fun  and encountered the curse.
kugisaki,hey, it is all right now. come on out.
kugisaki,huh?!
kugisaki,i guess it is true that kids do not  warm up to beautiful women.
kugisaki,guess i will call itadori.
child,wait!
child,do not leave me here!
kugisaki,it is taking him hostage?
kugisaki,this curse has intelligence?!
gojou,when i say "level," i do not just mean  the amount of cursed energy they have.
gojou,it is their cunning.
gojou,monsters that have gained wisdom will  often force cruel choices upon you...
gojou,with the weight of human lives in the balance.
kugisaki,damn it, damn it, damn it!
kugisaki,damn it!
kugisaki,this curse is not even all that strong!
kugisaki,grade 4...
kugisaki,maybe even lower, like a low grade 3!
kugisaki,but it is aware of that!
kugisaki,that is why it chose to take a hostage!
kugisaki,calm yourself down.
kugisaki,if i die, the child dies, too.
kugisaki,but if the child dies, i will not die.
kugisaki,logically speaking,  it is better if i survive, at least!
kugisaki,i am unarmed.
kugisaki,let the boy go.
kugisaki,i am such an idiot!
kugisaki,see? it is not letting him go at all!
kugisaki,i wish i could have seen  saori-chan one last time.
yuuji,huh? i missed?
yuuji,you okay?
child,uh-huh.
yuuji,it is getting away!
kugisaki,i do not think so!
kugisaki,itadori!
kugisaki,give me that arm!
itadori,huh?
fushiguro,i will exorcise it.
gojou,hold on.
child,a straw doll?
yuuji,creepy.
kugisaki,straw doll technique:
kugisaki,resonance!
gojou,nice.
gojou,she is crazy, all right.
kugisaki,we won.
sign,this bridge is dangerous due to deterioration from age and can no longer be used.
kugisaki,when i was in first grade,
kugisaki,saori-chan moved to our village from tokyo.
kugisaki,she was as cute as a doll,
kugisaki,and as kind as a nun.
screen,sticker book
kugisaki,yet saori-chan was  ostracized by the villagers.
kugisaki,"she thinks country folk are dumb," they said,
kugisaki,letting themselves get paranoid,
sign,we protest the kitagawa highway extension!
kugisaki,and in the end...
kugisaki,they drove her out.
sign,home for sale
carglass,broken van
carhood,filth
carhood,serves you right
carhood,go back to tokyo
cardoor,leave
kugisaki,calling it sickening would not be enough.
kugisaki,she brought all these homemade  sweets i would never heard of and said,
kugisaki,"the ones from the bakery are even better,"  with a smile as she treated me to them.
sign,this bridge is dangerous due to deterioration from age and can no longer be used.
kugisaki,if i had stayed in that village...
yuuji,this is why i told you
yuuji,it is dangerous to go alone and  you need to take it seriously!
kugisaki,you never said it was dangerous to go alone!
yuuji,i... did not?!
kugisaki,and what have you been eating that let us you  punch through a wall with your bare hand?!
yuuji,it was not reinforced concrete!
kugisaki,even if it was, that would still be  impossible for most people!
yuuji,most people?
yuuji,you know, you have asked me  plenty of questions already,
yuuji,but why did you come to jujutsu tech?
kugisaki,why?
kugisaki,because i hate the countryside,
kugisaki,and i wanted to live in tokyo!
kugisaki,this was the only way i could move to the city  without having to worry about money!
yuuji,you can risk your life over that?
kugisaki,i can.
kugisaki,after all, it means being true to myself.
kugisaki,if i had stayed in that village,  i would be as good as dead.
kugisaki,saori-chan, i made it to tokyo.
kugisaki,if we ever meet here,
kugisaki,take me to that bakery you mentioned.
kugisaki,so as far as that goes, i am grateful to you, too.
kugisaki,there would not have been
kugisaki,a bright future if i had died or  i had been the only one to survive.
kugisaki,thanks.
yuuji,well, having a more serious reason  does not make anyone better than the rest.
kugisaki,okay, i have given you my  thanks, so that is all over!
kugisaki,we are even now!
yuuji,what is wrong with her?
child,i live over there! thanks again!
kugisaki,did you know i get into a  foul mood when i am hungry?
yuuji,when are you not in a foul mood?
gojou,good joseph!
gojou,we made sure the kid got home.
gojou,now shall we go grab some food?
yuuji,steak!
kugisaki,sushi!
gojou,leave it all to me!
gojou,and you, megumi?
gojou,okay, let us go.
kugisaki,oh, i forgot about my  biggest haul of the day.
kugisaki,hey, you, go fetch my things.
bubble,harajuku
bubble,coin locker
yuuji,huh? why should i do it?
yuuji,i thought we were even.
kugisaki,we won thanks to my cursed energy.  got a problem with that?
yuuji,what about my raw strength?
kugisaki,your monstrous power  from eating weird shit?
yuuji,it is not just that!
yuuji,right, fushiguro?
yuuji,huh? what is the matter, fushiguro?
fushiguro,nothing.
gojou,he is pouting because he  did not get to join in.
kugisaki,what a child.
screen,log: july 2018
narrator,log: july 2018.
screen,west tokyo city eishuu juvenile detention center
narrator,west tokyo city,
narrator,eishuu juvenile detention center.
screen,in the sky above the exercise yard
narrator,in the sky above the exercise yard.
boy,hey...
boy,what is that?
okazaki,what?
screen,unnamed apparition of potential special grade
narrator,unnamed apparition  of potential special grade.
screen,its curse womb was witnessed by several non-jujutsu sorcerers.
narrator,its curse womb was witnessed  by several non-jujutsu sorcerers.
boy,that up there! looks like an egg.
okazaki,what are you talking about?
screen,due to the emergency nature,
narrator,due to the emergency nature,
screen,three jujutsu tech first-years were dispatched to the scene,
narrator,three jujutsu tech first-years  were dispatched to the scene,
narrator,and one died.
screen,and one died.
screen&voice,juju stroll
kugisaki,itadori. i am going with paper.
both,rock-paper-scissors!
kugisaki,oh, yeah!
gojou,sushi, huh? guess we can go  to the usual place in ginza.
kugisaki,ginza, yahoo!
yuuji,i want revolving sushi!
kugisaki,ugh! itadori, you are such a...
kugisaki,ugh! fushiguro, say something to him!
fushiguro,i would rather get something  that tastes good if we are going.
fushiguro,gojou-sensei's paying, anyway.
itadori,revolving sushi is its own thing,
itadori,just like how yakisoba and instant yakisoba are different things!
kugisaki,and i want to eat sushi.
itadori,sushi's just a meal, but  revolving sushi's a leisure activity!
itadori,like a theme park! or tdl!
itadori,also, kugisaki, you said you  were from the country too,
itadori,so have you ever been to  a revolving sushi place?!
gojou,my favorite is sushi go,
gojou,but i would go with splendid sushi  for someone is first time.
itadori,you get it, sensei!
kugisaki,hey, no one's said we are going yet.
itadori,kugisaki, listen closely.
itadori,at splendid sushi...
itadori,the sushi comes to you on a bullet train.
kugisaki,wha?!
itadori,driver, this girl's never  had revolving sushi before.
screen,*please ride in cars properly and safely.
itadori,take us to the splendid sushi with the  huge-ass parking lot along the interstate!
screen,episode 4: curse womb must die