mahito,let us kick it up a notch, itadori!
mahito,this will be the last time
mahito,you and i curse each other!
todo,hey, now.
todo,are you leaving me out?
yuji,he severed it himself?!
mahito,soul multiplicity.
narrator,by combining souls with weak  rejection, it creates an amalgamation.
mahito,polymorphic soul isomer!
yuji,what is that transfigured human?!
todo,given that he is able to  hold off me and my brother,
todo,the distribution of power  between his bodies is likely 2 to 8.
todo,and the weakened 2 is the main body!
todo,i will make certain my brother crushes it!
todo,i have heard its transfigured humans  are around grade 3 or a weak grade 2!
todo,crush it quickly, aoi todo!
todo,what?!
yuji,todo!
mahito,that is for underestimating me!
todo,it is dead?
todo,it had so much power,  yet it only took a single blow?
todo,now i see!
todo,it managed to gain explosive power by  burning through multiple souls in an instant!
todo,it is an extremely offense-oriented  transfigured human.
todo,and...
todo,there are two more?
todo,forgive me, you pitiful souls.
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
mahito,i have finished getting us away  from the topknot gorilla.
mahito,now to just
mahito,take him down!
mahito,tsk.
todo,it would seem you are dead  set on leaving me out, huh?
mahito,i guess i could not completely take him down  with two polymorphic soul isomers.
mahito,landing any blow on this guy  is a rather steep hurdle.
mahito,but if i unleash my domain,
mahito,i will touch sukuna and get killed.
mahito,barriers are complex.
mahito,i already revealed the option  of excluding him from my domain.
mahito,the same ploy will not work on itadori again.
mahito,so what do i do, then?
mahito,the one who taught me that was...
mahito,domain expansion:
mahito,self-embodiment of perfection!
todo,i thought that was suicide for it?!
mahito,it is a desperate gamble!
mahito,on a 0.2-second domain expansion!
narration,todo moved to protect himself  from the domain,
narration,activating the simple domain he  learned directly from yuki tsukumo.
narration,itadori acted even faster,  racing forth to exorcise mahito
narration,before he unleashed idle transfiguration.
narration,though mahito activated his  technique even faster than that.
narration,the manifestation of an innate domain
narration,is usually followed by  the activation of a technique,
narration,but he merged those two  separate steps into one.
narration,it was an act of speed made possible by his  awakened state that followed black flash.
mahito,i take it i am safe this time, sukuna?
mahito,knowing you, you have some kind of  backup plan with itadori, right?
mahito,i will not let you, though.
mahito,i will kill itadori before  you switch with him.
mahito,so shut up and watch from here.
yuji,todo!
mahito,come on, i just made you more fashionable.
narration,after deploying a domain,  the technique engraved into the body
narration,is temporarily burned out, and using it proves challenging.
narration,mahito already understood that after  his flight from satozakura high school.
mahito,black flash!
mahito,he just...
mahito,focused all his damn cursed  energy in his stomach on instinct!
mahito,however, my technique has recovered!
mahito,and he cannot clap his hands anymore!
mahito,this time, i will kill him for certain!
mahito,huh?
mahito,huh?
mahito,huh?
screen,takada-chan - "climax☆jumping!"
screen,*todo's imagination
mahito,shit!
itadori,black flash!
todo,hmph!
todo,it was just for a moment, but i touched him.
todo,it is a miracle i got off with only this.
yuji,leave the rest to me, todo!
yuji,thank you, todo!
mahito,damn it!
mahito,i cannot believe i took another  black flash dead-on at that moment!
mahito,that damn gorilla screwed  with me until the very end.
mahito,but now i have finally grasped it.
mahito,the true essence of my soul! its true shape!
mahito,idle transfiguration...
mahito,instant spirit body of distorted killing!
mahito,it is a happy birthday,
mahito,itadori!
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
yuji,this is not a transformation  as just a means, like before.
yuji,what is different?
mahito,i understood after using black flash.
mahito,what my true, unbridled soul is.
yuji,i am shocked.
yuji,you did not strike me as the type  to go on a journey of self-discovery.
mahito,that is true.
mahito,but i am just starting on the final touches.
mahito,after i kill you, i will finally  be truly born into this world.
yuji,so tough!
yuji,its bare body
yuji,is even harder than his was!
mahito,i understood after using black flash.
mahito,what my true, unbridled soul is.
yuji,is that what he meant?!
yuji,this thing has already...
yuji,become something on a different level
yuji,than the cursed spirit he was  prior to transforming?!
yuji,if i want to defeat this thing,
yuji,i will have to hit him with a black flash
screen,there is no sorcerer who can unleash a black flash at will
yuji,using my maximum cursed energy!
mahito,even if i only used it for  a moment, getting hit with
mahito,a black flash right after my  domain expansion was real bad.
mahito,we are both
mahito,still brimming with energy, huh?!
mahito,there is no one who can unleash  a black flash at will.
mahito,but something about him convinces  me that the current itadori can.
mahito,in which case...
mahito,a time lag?!
todo,hey, cursed spirit.
todo,there is no way you do not understand this.
todo,arms are just decorations.
todo,the act of applause
todo,is an acclamation of the soul!
mahito,i have not switched places?!
todo,it is unfortunate.
todo,my boogie woogie is already dead.
yuji,black flash!
mahito,not yet!
mahito,not yet!
mahito,my stock of transfigured humans is also out!
yuji,i will accept it, mahito.
yuji,i am you.
yuji,i wanted to reject you.
yuji,i wanted to pretend i did not  understand what you said.
yuji,but that is different now.
yuji,i will just kill you.
yuji,and if you are ever reborn again as  a new curse, i will kill you then, too.
yuji,you can change your name  and change your appearance,
yuji,but i will still kill you again and again.
yuji,i do not need meaning or  a reason for it anymore.
yuji,maybe there will be  some meaning to be found
yuji,from my actions several  centuries after i am dead.
yuji,but i am sure i am just...  one big cog in the wheel.
yuji,and i will keep on killing curses  until i rust away.
yuji,because that is my role in this war.
mahito,geto!
geto,shall i save you, mahito?
screen,episode 45 metamorphosis
geto,a contrived fate may not be true destiny.
geto,but the moment such fake destinies  intertwine will nonetheless be true destiny.
geto,next time, "metamorphosis, part 2."
screen,next episode metamorphosis, part 2
geto,some things can only be cultivated under pretenses.