screen,23:28            in front of shibuya stream
panda,kusakabe?
panda,hey! kusakabe!
panda,found you!
kusakabe,panda.
kusakabe,this is awfully different from what i heard.
panda,huh?
kusakabe,about itadori.
panda,nah, that was sukuna.
kusakabe,itadori holds control over that body.
kusakabe,that is the current story, right?
panda,urk.
kusakabe,i will tell you this now.
kusakabe,no matter what judgment gets doled out  to itadori later now that gojo is gone,
kusakabe,i will not be taking your side.
kusakabe,i am in favor of yuji itadori's execution.
screen,22:36       (local time) \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hmalaysia, kuala lumpur
mei,sorry about that.
mei,you must be worn out, ui ui.
mei,shall we sleep in the same bed tonight?
ui,what?! that is so improper!
mei,do you hate me when i am improper?
ui,no way!
mei,sorry, i got a call back.
ui,oh, nee-sama...
mei,sorry for calling so late.
mei,oh, right, it is morning where you are.
mei,me?
mei,in kl.
mei,yes, with ui ui's technique.
mei,we nearly got ourselves killed, after all.
mei,you should sell off any stocks in japan  and all your real estate in tokyo.
mei,i have already exchanged all of my yen.
mei,yes, do it right away.
mei,i doubt any of the major developed nations  will be spared from these negative events.
mei,japan is still the world's  #3 economy, despite all else.
mei,well, i will leave the arrangements up to you.
mei,it is fine. you do not need to thank me.
mei,just keep me on the inside, like usual.
mei,i look forward to working with you again.
kechizu,bread, bread, bread!
yuji,what is wrong, nii-chan?
yuji,not feeling well?
screen,23:28           shibuya station \h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hb3f, denentoshin line platform
choso,i have to go.
choso,yuji itadori...
choso,what are you?
choso,i have to know.
choso,what am i?
geto,shall i save you,
screen,23:36            shibuya police station, udagawa police box ruins
geto,mahito?
yuji,did he just say geto?!
yuji,give him back!
yuji,give us back gojo-sensei!
geto,people believed catfish were  connected to earthquakes
geto,and told stories of such a monster  up until the mid-edo era.
geto,they believed that when this  "onamazu" moved underground,
geto,it caused earthquakes to occur.
yuji,what just happened?!
geto,you thought you fell in, did not you?
geto,though, from the outside, it looked  like you fell back all on your own.
geto,the greatest strength of cursed spirit  manipulation is its quantity of options.
geto,i can utilize multiple cursed  spirits semi-first-grade or higher,
geto,and even if you analyze and  overcome their techniques,
geto,i can just send out new  cursed spirits again.
geto,of course, i can also simply pile on  attacks without giving you time for that.
yuji,this will not...
geto,if his forces had not been divided
geto,across kyoto and shinjuku during last  year's night parade of a hundred demons,
geto,he would have won instead of okkotsu.
geto,though, i suppose that had nothing  to do with you, did it?
yuji,give him back!
geto,i suppose i should say that  even i am impressed.
geto,sukuna's vessel... is tough.
mahito,i knew that.
mahito,after all, i was born from you humans.
geto,shall we continue...
geto,our discussion of the world to come?
screen,episode 46 metamorphosis, part 2
screen,jujutsu kaisen shibuya incident
geto,do you know about what  they call a "supreme art"?
geto,it is very much akin to  the ultimate expression
geto,of a cursed technique,  aside from one's domain.
geto,the supreme art of cursed  spirit manipulation is uzumaki.
geto,this combines the absorbed  cursed spirits into one,
geto,creating super-high-density cursed energy  to attack your opponent with.
yuji,what are you laughing about?
geto,oh, sorry.
geto,i just realized i had started acting like him.
geto,we were talking about uzumaki, yes?
geto,uzumaki is powerful,
geto,but it also means throwing  away the quantity
geto,of options that serves as cursed spirit  manipulation's main strength.
geto,so it was not very tempting to me at first.
geto,after all, i thought it was just a way  to recycle low-level cursed spirits.
geto,but i was wrong.
geto,it displays its true value
geto,when a cursed spirit above  semi-first-grade is used in uzumaki—
geto,and their technique is extracted.
geto,how foolish.
geto,did you think i would not notice  the presence you felt?
kamo,our signal!
kamo,the target is...
kamo,right below nishimiya!
mai,tsk.
geto,a sniper rifle, huh?
geto,nice.
geto,i also agree that conventional weapons
geto,should be proactively used  when fighting a jujutsu sorcerer.
miwa,back when i was captain  of the youth basketball team,
miwa,i remember my mother would  often dye my hair black.
miwa,in middle school, i met my mentor,
miwa,and i chose to become a jujutsu sorcerer
miwa,before ever holding a wooden  or a bamboo sword in my hands,
miwa,let alone a real sword.
miwa,i swung my sword relentlessly.
miwa,because i did not want to be  a burden on my mother.
miwa,i swung my sword relentlessly.
miwa,because i did not want to die.
miwa,new shadow style...
miwa,put it all in!
miwa,everything i have experienced,
miwa,as well as my future to come!
miwa,even if it means i will never  swing a sword again!
miwa,quick draw!
geto,supreme art:
geto,uzumaki.
yuji,wait!
geto,new shadow style, huh?
geto,i am glad.
geto,it is nice facing someone  with a bit of knowledge.
miwa,kusakabe-san!
momo,there is no point if you are  out in front, sensei!
utahime,i could not help it!
panda,itadori...
panda,it is you, right?
yuji,panda-senpai!
screen,and the kyoto students!!
panda,good, you are back to normal.
screen,i am in gorilla mode.
kamo,that man has satoru gojo...
kamo,and the prison realm, huh?
panda,apparently.
panda,i do not know what he finds so fun about  walking around with that public nuisance.
kamo,who is he?
panda,the she will is suguru geto.
panda,i do not know what is inside.
geto,hey, choso.
yuji,he is...
choso,i have three parents.
choso,my mother,
choso,the cursed spirit that  impregnated my mother,
choso,and the man who mixed his  blood into the affair...
choso,the one who toyed with my mother...
choso,the loathsome—
geto,looks like you have realized it.
choso,so that is how it is!
choso,kamo noritoshi!
kusakabe,kamo?!
panda,noritoshi?!
kamo,kamo noritoshi
kamo,me?!
momo,what?!
momo,what is going on?!
utahime,the stain on the kamo clan!
utahime,the worst sorcerer in all history!
utahime,if he is right, then whatever's inside  geto would be over 150 years old.
kusakabe,outlandish barriers,
kusakabe,and possession of outlandish cursed tools...
kusakabe,as far as masterminds with a cursed  technique to take over other bodies goes...
kusakabe,that seems appropriate, yeah.
geto,kamo noritoshi is merely one  of the many names i have had.
geto,call me whatever you like.
choso,how dare you...
choso,how dare you make me
choso,try to kill itadori?!
choso,my little brother!
uraume,stand down, third-rate.
uraume,do not keep me waiting any longer.
choso,move it!
choso,i am his older brother!
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
eyecatch,jujutsu kaisen
choso,it is a side effect of my technique.
choso,i can feel any changes to  my blood-related siblings,
choso,no matter how far away they are.
choso,my younger brothers died.
choso,death.
choso,for every living being,
choso,that is their last and greatest change.
choso,in that moment,
choso,i strongly sensed the death of  yuji itadori, right before my eyes.
choso,which means that yuji
choso,must also be my  blood-related younger brother!
choso,if kamo noritoshi has  been extending his life
choso,by transferring bodies,
choso,then it is not an impossible idea.
choso,which means i...
choso,must use my full strength
choso,to perform my duty as the older brother!
kamo,blood manipulation?!
kamo,so much pressure!
uraume,it is fast!
uraume,so this is piercing blood?!
choso,tsk!
geto,do not push yourself too hard.
geto,you are exhausted, are not you?
choso,so what?
choso,is that any reason not to risk my life
choso,for the younger brother  right in front of me?
panda,just asking, but you two  are strangers, right?
yuji,worse than strangers. he nearly killed me once already.
panda,first it was todo.
panda,are you sure you are not emitting  dangerous pheromones or something?
kamo,still, thanks to him,  the fight has grown chaotic.
kamo,we are taking advantage of this.
yuji,right.
panda,i still have two cores,  so i will lead in the front.
panda,if we all attack him together,  it should at least create an opening.
panda,we must do everything we can  to steal back the prison realm.
panda,drumming—
uraume,ice formation:
uraume,frost calm!
kamo,an ice cursed technique?!
kamo,and one this high-level?!
panda,if i move, i will shatter my body!
choso,tsk!
geto,do not kill them.
geto,i need messengers.
uraume,is that any reason to leave them all alive?
kusakabe,a reverse cursed technique!
kusakabe,their sorcery is on a different scale.
kusakabe,i want to go home!
choso,this ice is not enough!
choso,flowing red scale!
uraume,then how much is?
uraume,whose body do you think that is?!
yuji,i was the only one not frozen as solid!
yuji,must have to do with sukuna!
yuji,you are our ally, right?
choso,no!
yuji,huh?!
choso,i am your older brother.
yuji,could you please take this seriously?!
choso,why do not you try saying  it once, for starters?
choso,call me "onii-chan."
momo,tool manipulation:
momo,wind scythe!
momo,shit!
momo,it is depressing that they parried  it with their bare hands!
momo,itadori-kun!
momo,we are the only ones who can move right now!
momo,we need to buy time for utahime-sensei  to finish her preparations!
uraume,yuji itadori
uraume,is the only messenger you need, right?!
uraume,ice formation: icefall!
yuji,we are going to die!
tsukumo,long time no see,
tsukumo,geto-kun.
tsukumo,could i get your answer to  my question from back then?
tsukumo,what kind of woman is your type?
geto,yuki tsukumo!
tsukumo,when one person's happiness conflicts  with another person's happiness,
tsukumo,that is when unhappiness is born,
tsukumo,but when two people's unhappiness conflicts,
tsukumo,it usually only creates  more unhappiness, you know?
tsukumo,next time, "shibuya incident: gate closed."
screen,next episode shibuya incident: gate closed
tsukumo,i just want to crawl into a warm bed and sleep.