Open your mind. Open your mind.
Far beyond the deep blue Earth, you and I shall meet...
AH! MY GODDESS
AH! MY GODDESS
A snow-white feather comes fluttering down, swaying gently in the air.
Without holding back, I want to envelope you, my one and only love.
I know I have the power to protect the one I love, right here in my hands.
Open your mind. Just as I've always dreamed.
Let the wind carry off your hopes, faraway.
I have wings nobody can see. Look, you have them, too.
They'll take us to where we can be free. Anyone can be free.
The sky is so blue...
This infinite space is brimming with so many different forms of life.
The source of life can also be found in this space...
So how did this Great Space come into being?
These stars that are born, only to vanish...
In what way are their destinies determined?
Fate... are all living things steered by this thing called fate?
And on this tiny planet as well... life exists in many forms...
Life begins and life ends, as well...
In this brief passage of time, people live out their lives in different ways...
And this species has always followed its desires. It has continued to evolve...
Thriving... Declining...
Inventing... Destroying...
And is the human race, which has created all this, also controlled by Fate?
Is this something that can ever be changed?
What if the control over one's fate was wrested away by an Unknown Being...
If indeed your fate is being controlled by the hands of this Unknown Being...
Ugh!
Wake up, Morisato!
Time to get up!
I'll be right there!
I'm Keiichi Morisato, a sophomore at the Nekomi Institute of Technology.
I thought that I'd put my lonely high school days behind me...
But the Auto Club I joined is on a tight budget. We can't do any real activities.
Instead, we spend all our time working out.
I moved into a dorm for the low rent.
Life is chaotic with colorful characters, especially the Auto Club president.
Also, for some reason, no women are allowed in this dorm.
I still haven't discovered the reason...
Looks like it'll be another gorgeous day this afternoon.
It's now time for your Daily Horoscope. Let's start with Taurus.
Today is the day to go after your dreams with support from your friends.
Gemini, you will gain popularity on the strength of your caring nature.
Lend a helpful ear to your troubled younger friends.
Capricorn. Today is not your day, no matter what you do.
Bummer...
Well, it's no use sweating over your horoscope, anyway...
Back to sleep now...
Huh?
Oh, crap!
Can't afford to flunk 2nd period German...
Huh?
For him, this is a daily occurrence.
It is in this manner that his day unfolds.
Ah! You're a Goddess?
Nekomi Institute of Technology
That's right, it happened back in the spring of my freshman year.
In order to bid farewell to the person I was, I made a life-changing decision.
I tried to ask that girl out on a date.
What's up with that?
Miss Mishima!
Would you like to go on a museum tour with me?
Sorry, but I'm not into old-fogey stuff like that.
Maybe if you shot up another 7 or 8 inches, I'd be inclined to think about it!
See ya!
In other words, the mass'm' that appears in this equation...
I don't ever want to remember... Today's my day to pick on white shirts!
Today's my day to pick on white shirts!
I'm talking about you, Morisato.
Today's the day that I call on whoever's wearing a white shirt!
You see anyone else?
But you picked on white last time, too!
I'm wearing white, too. Do you have a problem with that?
Answer the question!
Um, well...
It can't be helped. That's it for today!
Saved by the bell! Maybe I have luck on my side today.
That's right!
Today's your lucky day.
When did you get here?
Now then, why don't we go and show everyone what we're made of?
You said it! We must go and make a strong push for more funding next year!
Uh, actually, I have a German class right after this...
What did you say?
Is that all the loyalty you can muster for our club?
I know we didn't raise you to be that way!
You didn't raise me at all...
On November 15th of last year... You didn't raise me at all...
On November 15th of last year...
When you lost your wallet and starved yourself...
Don't tell me you've forgotten that!
We can discuss the details in the clubhouse.
I told you, I have a class to go to!
And above this young man's head, a star shone constantly.
It is called the Star of Misfortune.
It exerts a constant influence over whomever it targets.
Why did this star appear over the head of Keiichi Morisato?
What can we call it but Fate?
So, as you can see...
Does anyone know why?
Because Tamiya got busted for stealing the window...
At any rate!
There'll be no club activities for the rest of the month.
Therefore, today we will devote ourselves to fundraising!
Uh, bring your repairs to us... no job too small!
Your bicycles, your cars...
Your radio-controlled toys, your tricycles, anything that has wheels...
You can turn to us with all your problems!
This is the Auto Club's big chance to offer our services and...
So embarrassing......hard-earned skills to you all.
There goes the Auto Club, pulling another bizarre stunt!
And they wonder why they can't get any girls to join!
There is that one girl...
Got car or motorcycle problems? Just leave it to the Nekomi Tech Auto Club!
Hey, Auto Club! Can you guys check this out for me?
The engine doesn't start. I don't think it's a problem with the spark plug...
Okay, gotcha! No problemo.
Let's do it, Dai-chan!
You got it, Den-chan!
Whoa...
Let's roll!
Wow...
That's all she wrote, guys!
An Auto Club original, the'Tamiya Special'!
Actually, I never asked you to customize the thing...
Well, just take it for a spin and you'll be blown away by how spectacular it is.
Hey, it's working! So how much do I owe you?
30,000...
You bastard! You think you're gonna drive off without paying for my service?
Go after him, Morisato!
Huh?
You make him cough up that money!
Are you kidding? I can't fork over 30,000 yen!
I know the seniors. If I don't bring back the money, there'll be hell to pay!
I better take a shortcut, or he'll make it off school grounds.
Here goes nothing!
You gotta be kidding me!
Thank you for your patronage!
Looks like I'll escape the wrath of the seniors now.
Mr. Morisato!
Huh?
I'm with the Tea Ceremony Club. What are you going to do about this vase?
I'm with the Cooking Club. You messed up five of our plates. We can't cook!
I'm with the Sewing Club! You're going to do something about this, aren't you?
I'm with the Fortune-telling Club... nothing will go your way today!
They even made me hand over my lunch money...
I'm too broke now to do anything today.
Is that right? Well, I guess we have no choice, then...
Man! This would have to happen on a Saturday!
Since my bike's on the blink, I guess there's nothing to do but sit at home.
Pasta sounds good!
Let's go, then!
A girlfriend, huh?
I got this bike just so I could take you for a ride!
Oh, my! How lovely!
Let us go, and gaze upon the sunset at the beach!
Yeah, right.
Since my horoscope was pretty lousy...
I might as well go home!
Nekomi Station
Hey, you were late.
Huh?
Are you using my kotatsu to warm up again?
Right, being that we have some business with you...
I really don't think that has anything to do with this...
The thing is, we're all going out tonight.
What?
There's a party tonight that we absolutely can't miss, see...
It's Saturday, I was planning to go out, too...
Your Beemer's out of commission, so you won't be going anywhere, right?
It just wouldn't do to leave our precious dorm standing empty!
I think it'll be fine if we just lock it!
Can you guarantee that?
Are you sure nothing will happen?
What if you lose your precious boom box from Den-chan?
How about your erotic magazine stash in the closet?
We all know we can trust in you, Morisato.
And so...
I figured it wouldn't be any fun, just holding down the fort here...
So here's a list of tasks for you... do them all and you won't be bored!
All right, we're counting on you, kid!
A list of today's tasks
I guess I'm gonna have to do it! A list of today's tasks
Home Delivery
That's right...
Keiichi Morisato was born to be taken advantage of.
Now that it's come to this, we can't very well look the other way, can we?
Now all I have to do is wait for that call for Aoyama.
He said it would be around seven or so...
It's over, huh?
Huh? Uh-oh, it's due today!
I don't have any money for late fees!
I just might make it in time!
I guess it's not my lucky day today, after all...
I guess I can't just stand by and do nothing...
What's the matter?
Are you in trouble?
I was sent to do the shopping and I lost...
And now I can't buy the fish!
I see, you dropped your wallet somewhere...
That's right.
Why don't we look for it together?
Okay!
When did you realize you'd dropped the wallet?
After I bought the radishes, I went to buy the fish, and it was gone!
Okay, then let's go back to the shopping arcade.
Hey, little girl!
You dropped your wallet, didn't you?
My wallet!
Be more careful from now on.
I'm sorry. But now I can buy the fish!
I see. Good for you to be running errands!
Big Brother! Now I can buy the fish... Huh?
Big Brother?
Yes, hello?
Yes... yes...
Aoyama has gone to a college party tonight...
He'll be back at around 9 PM.
Yes, I got that. I'll give him the message.
All right, goodbye.
That was a close call.
If I'd missed that call, I would've been in huge trouble!
Hey, I need to call him with that message.
Let's see...
Hello, you've reached the Goddess Help Line.
Oh, I'm sorry, wrong number...
I will take your request at your room. Oh, I'm sorry, wrong number...
I will take your request at your room.
Wait a sec, what are you talking about?
Good evening!
Tell me, what is your heart's desire?
Oh, goodness gracious...
Allow me to introduce myself...
I am the Goddess Belldandy.
G-Goddess?
Yes.
I have come here for the express purpose of saving...
Now then, your wish is my command!
Anything you desire...
Will this turn of events bring Keiichi happiness? Or misery?
A new path has opened up in this young man's destiny...
Whether or not he decides to follow it, is entirely up to him...
One day when I woke up...
A day like any other... another one just beginning.
There you are, yawning... your face is still so sleepy.
Because each peaceful day we share is a miracle to me.
This is where my heart will always return...
Forever...
There's only one thing I wish for.
I chase after the same dream, wherever it may go.
The love I feel for you gives me strength.
May tomorrow be as joyful as today...
That's my wish...
The goddess has descended on this sacred spot... a six-mat room.
Belldandy proclaimed to me in a song-like voice...
I have come to grant your wish!
Next episode: Ah! Those Who Believe Shall Find Salvation!
Are you really okay with this tiny room?
