watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
That event is burned into my eyes and won't go away.
Morita Technology Research Office
President...
President?
Oh, what's up, Tatsuo?
President, it's about the final interview for our new hires...
Interview?
I'd like to hire a guy who can make good curry.
President, can't you be a little more serious?
It's done!
Check it out, Tatsuo!
The Remote Control Walker is finally complete!
First, you set your easily lost household AC, TV, and VCR remotes on the Remote Control Walker.
Then, you call for it after leaving it somewhere.
Where are you, Mr. Remote Control?!
And, like magic, they gather towards the voice no matter where they are.
What do ya think?
Hey, President... No, Tsukasa...
What is it?
I think they're unnecessary if you keep the room clean.
What the heck, Tatsuo?
You've always been like that! Always making sound arguments!
You're a boring man.
You shouldn't skip out on cleaning and You can't draw eyebrows on a dog face with a marker.
Those aren't called arguments. They're basic rules of life.
To begin with, you're screwed up, Tsukasa.
Whenever we slice up a watermelon, you just go and bite the top off every piece.
What should we do? All the candidates are already here...
Oh, come on. You're still bitter about that?
You sure are persistent. That happened back in kindergarten!
Let them hear it! They'll quickly realize the true form of the Morita Tech Research Office.
No! It was in fifth grade! The little league camp! In the summer!
Well then, we'll be starting the final interview.
Those of you whose number is called...
Forget it. That's so tedious.
Instead of hearing you talk, let's see your abilities.
Please make an airplane using the materials in this room!
I'll hire the guy who gets it to fly the farthest!
The time limit is three hours.
I'm also forcing all of you to participate!
P-President...
I'll make one, too!
All right, my sons will enter the battle as well!
If you lose to an elementary schooler, not only will you not get hired, you'll be doing ten laps!
Pushy as always...
This odd company that my father founded was small but lively...
What happened back then is burned into my eyes.
The airplane that flew gracefully through the air...
Good job, Shinobu! As expected of my son!
And the sight of my father's young admirers who were giving it their best.
And...
So, Shinobu wins!
No one's being hired this year.
N-No way...
P-Please give me another chance!
I definitely want to work here!
I admire President Morita so much that this is my third try!
And the profile of that person standing next to me, holding a plane that, like mine, wouldn't fly.
Dad! I found Shinobu!
Where is he?
He fell into a hole inside the cement factory!
You idiot!
But there were a bunch of Japanese plums...
Never mind the plums!
Dad, we need to get him to the doctor soon...
Hold on tight! We're gonna go fast!
Kaoru, please go back to the Company and tell everyone that we found Shinobu.
O-Okay. I understand.
I'm counting on you!
That's right...
Just earlier...
I was in a hurry...
When I was running to get Dad...
I fell on the stone steps at the shrine...
And...
Kaoru-kun, what's the matter?
Are you all right?
Uncle Negishi was my Dad's childhood friend, best friend, and an important business partner.
I see...
So Shinobu got enticed by the Japanese plums and fell into a hole at that abandoned factory.
That can't be helped.
He's just like your father when he was little.
Wild and greedy.
If a kid in a classroom to the east were sick and absent...
If there were a fight to the north...
He really did whatever he felt like, damn him.
But...
Even so, he was loved by everyone.
Number Four...
The pitcher...
He was never afraid of anything.
When he should've have been really scared...
Even though I'm so close to him, I still can't figure it out.
He'd be smiling, even if he's the final batter in a losing game.
A pinch only seemed like a chance to him.
He had so much that I didn't have.
I was envious.
He was so loved...
So bright...
I was blinded and choked on my own breath so many times.
Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
But...
Even for me...
I always thought that there must be something that only I am capable of.
I wanted to think that.
Uncle?
That's right...
STOP
I always wanted to think that.
Back then, I hadn't noticed...
I can understand now.
Wake up, Mom.
Here's your dinner.
Thank you so much, Dad.
I'm not Dad. It's Tatsuo, Mom.
Tatsuo?
That's right, he's all grown up now.
You know Ricchan from the tobacco shop? The girl Tatsuo liked?
I wonder if she won't come marry into our family?
Mom...
Ricchan is already...
Negishi-san, please be admitted to the hospital right away.
But once I go in, I can't leave, can I?
I want to work until the end.
There's a reason for me to keep working.
If I die, who will take care of Mom?
Tsukasa...
I'd always wondered...
Why this world is split between those who are gifted and those who aren't?
Why there are those who are loved and those who aren't?
STOP
Who made the split?
Where was the split in the road?
No... Was there even a split in the first place?
Perhaps it was already decided the moment we were born.
If that were true...
God...
What was my life for?
Yes, now about the next topic.
It's about the patent rights for that motor.
I believe it would be better if we placed the company's name instead of the president's name on the patent.
Is that so?
Also, we should gather more funds to expand the factory, so I'd like to issue more stocks.
I'll leave it up to you.
Please do as you see fit.
I'm bad with that sort of thing.
I'm counting on you, Tatsuo.
Tsukasa, please show me...
Or, if not, please make me understand that you're from a different world than mine...
The rights to the patent have been completely written over to the company...
We just have to decide what day to make the move.
Well done, Mr. Negishi.
It must have been difficult to betray your friend.
In return, I'll promise that you'll see compensation befitting your courage and anguish.
Please show me, Tsukasa...
Whether nothing could make it fade...
What a dirty laboratory.
Call in a reform company.
We should switch to a layout that will yield better productivity.
Who are you?
Dear me, dear me, Mr. Morita. I'm pleased to meet you.
Although your business will now belong to Floyd Electric Corporation...
Hey, Tatsuo. What's this guy talking about?
I guess I shouldn't even ask.
The talk is probably a waste of time.
The conditions are rather favorable.
Nothing will change about the workplace.
You'll be able to freely work on your research under a bigger source of funding.
See? It's a waste of time.
You really got me, Tatsuo. I've lost this one.
I'm leaving this place.
I love money, but I hate being made to work with someone else's money.
Don't be hasty.
Please think about it.
Everyone's pay will double...
Tatsuo, that's enough.
I want to punch your lights out, but I'll refrain for today.
Take care of everyone.
I don't want to ask you, but this alone I beg of you.
If you betray my request, I'll kill you.
Got it, Tatsuo?
Ah, Tsukasa...
I feel like I can finally go to sleep...
I hadn't been able to sleep lately for some reason...
But now I feel like I can finally sleep...
Deeply... like sinking into mud...
Hey, Tatsuo.
Are you dying?
Yeah.
Sorry, Tsukasa.
Don't do it if you're gonna apologize later, idiot.
You were tricked, too!
Yeah.
Again, this contract states that we'll be paying you as our employee.
In the event that you pass away, unfortunately, all rights will be transferred to Floyd Electric Corporation.
You idiot.
Yeah.
Don't just agree.
I won't forgive you.
I'll hate you until you die.
Yeah.
I'll hate you even if you're reborn a hundred times.
kotoba ga ima tsumatte shimattara If I can't bring myself to say it...
Yeah.
So...
You two shouldn't hold a grudge.
Don't you ever hold a grudge.
bokura no natsu wa koko de owateshimaisou...our summer together might end right now.
Okay!
No way!
That's impossible!
I can't! That's impossible!
Why, Uncle?
jyouzu ni waraeteru jishin nanka I laughed, even though...
Why?!
Why...?
aru wake nai no ni demo waratta...I had no confidence that I could laugh well.
Kaoru...
It's my job to curse and hate him.
fumitsubushita kakato wo hakinaoshitara Once you put your flattened heels back on...
I won't let you have it.
So you two should move forward.
tame iki wo gutto nomikonde arukidasou...let's swallow our sighs and start walking.
Got it?
Forward...
yuugure wo nukete iku kaze wa aki no nioi wo fukunderu The evening breeze brings in autumn's scent.
Well then...
zutto kyou to onaji hibi ga negawanakutemo tsudzuku to omotteta I was thinking things would stay the same without having to wish for it...
I have some regrets, but why don't we get going?
Right?
Yeah.
akkepanashi no mado no mukougawa de Beyond the open window...
100 hours playback!! Utilizing the best power motor in this galaxy!
Kaoru...
Dad made this...
Floyd Electric...
Dad...
Dad's...!
Hey!
What do you think you're doing?!
Let's run, Kaoru!
Hurry!
Wait!
Kaoru, hurry!
Faster!
Stop!
Faster!
Move forward.
Got it? Forward.
Don't let the dark emotions catch up to you.
Run towards the light.
I can't.
I can't, Dad!
I can't run fast like him!
I mean, Dad...
I understand how Uncle felt!
STOP
Dad
I was always envious of my little brother...
And
I was envious of you
I mean, Dad, I don't have anything.
That's right.
I also wanted to think that there's something that only I could do...
But...
But...
Kaoru!
No! Big brother!
No!
Get in the bed if you're gonna sleep.
I don't have anything else for you to do.
Leave the rest to me.
You can go over there.
No...
It's fine.
I'll stay here, brother.
The car is ready.
All right.
Now then...
Shall we go?
We'll send them all to hell.
Yeah.
The wind?
It's so windy...
I wonder if the displays outside will be okay?
It's finally the Hamabi Festival, and this...
I didn't know...
I couldn't even notice it...
There's no way we could've predicted it...
The event that would soon happen...
And the lives that we'll lead from here on out...
None of it...
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: We didn't know anything.
