I'm sure that I'll never forget...
We once lived in a hopelessly sweet, miraculous time.
The name of that brilliant time was...
Probably...
I'm sure...
watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
Our time together started in an apartment building...
Back then, unable to find my way in life, I was drifting about...
Yo, Takemoto.
I bought bentos for us at the convenience store, so let's eat them together.
Mayama-san!
What? Food?
Revived!
Do you have mine?
I'll eat anything!
W-What are you doing, Morita-san?
I don't care! Gimme the chicken!
Whoa, Morita-san!
But those ordinary days with the people I love were also enjoyable.
Morita-san!
Takemoto...
Nice, Takemoto!
They were fun...
Food!
And during that time...
I met you...
Hagu-chan...
My love for you began back then.
And I'm sure it was the same for Morita-san.
But we weren't the only ones who had begun to revolve.
Mayama!
Guard!
You still haven't gotten over her?
Hurry up and end it!
Yamada...
Actually, how many more girls will have to cry for you to be satisfied?
Yamada! Yamada! Yamada!
Say...
Why is it me?
No matter how much you blow steam at me...
I probably won't change.
You're better off finding another guy.
You should stop looking at me.
Hello?
Sure, I'll be there right away.
Well, I've got work to do.
You idiot...
Mayama, you idiot!
Yamada-san's feelings...
Mayama-san's feelings...
It was a terrible accident.
If a passing truck driver hadn't pulled Rika out, she would've burned up, too.
Rika was the one driving.
Because of that event, I lost my best friend and Rika's husband at once.
Hey, Yamada...
Grab on tight. You'll fall off.
Hey, Yamada... Why did you fall in love with me?
You're precious to me.
So, I've been thinking that I needed to turn you down properly if you ever told me that you liked me.
But... I thought that you'd go away somewhere if I turned you down.
When I looked at you, it hurt me because it was like looking at myself.
I thought, Ah, I wonder if I look like that from Rika-san's perspective...
Uncool and persistent...
But that doesn't matter anymore.
Even thought I tried to act cool, I couldn't change a thing.
And I'm still uncool.
And I wasn't able to give up on her.
Yamada, did you just drool on me?
Mayama, I love you!
I love you!
Yeah.
I love you so much!
Yeah.
I love you!
Yeah.
Mayama, I love you!
Yeah.
I love you!
Yeah.
I love you so much!
Yeah.
Thank you.
H-Hey, Takemoto...
Is H-Hagu f-f-friends with Morita now?
Well, I don't know how Hagu-chan feels...
But Morita-san probably...
Sensei, please don't ask me that...
I'm begging you... not that...
Were you able to buy what you wanted?
Did Morita leave already?
W-Was it fun?
It wasn't fun...
It wasn't fun at all.
It was hard to keep up with him...
And when I wanted to go to the restroom, I couldn't tell him for the longest time.
Hagu...
I couldn't even remember what I needed.
I couldn't say it at all...
I mean, the whole time, I wanted to come back as soon as possible!
I don't like that!
I'd much rather be with you, Shuu-chan!
I'd like it much better!
You're so naive... it's obviously because you like him.
I've found you!
Why you, Hagusuke, Chibi-Hamus!
It's been a while, hasn't it?
Have you been well? Yeah? That's great!
What is it? Say something.
Want some sunflower seeds?
You don't seem to be well.
It's kinda cold today, isn't it?
That's right! Here.
Look! A rolled mouse!
Even so, why is it, Morita-san...?
You moron!
What the hell are you thinking?
I don't get it! Why are you always being so selfish?
You'll lose all of them like this!
Don't you get it?!
Morita-san left for America...
Hagu-chan, do you want Morita-san to come back?
Or do you not?
What's wrong, Takemoto-kun?
Hey, what good will asking her that do?
Please tell me.
I don't want him to.
I don't want him to come back.
I think it's good to keep trying until you've tried everything you've wanted to do.
Morita-san left for America, and Hagu-chan continued to draw.
But I wasn't able to do anything...
After graduating from college, Mayama-san started working for a design company.
And love was slowly starting to revolve there as well.
Oh yeah, Mayama...
Yes?
Remember that bowl that you made at your school for the restaurant on Omote-Sandou?
We've had other customers order that.
They want something similar.
Wow, that's amazing, Mayama.
Not really, I had a friend of mine make that for me.
Yamada-san, right?
There are things I want to ask her to make as well.
Can you introduce me to this Yamada-san next time?
Oh, well...
I'll ask her myself.
But I'll have to talk to her about money...
The specifications are more detailed this time around. I should talk to her in person...
It'll be no problem as long as you give me the budget report.
Please leave the rest up to me.
Here you go, Yamada-san.
Is it really okay?
Huh? Why do you know my name?
My name is Nomiya. It's nice to meet you.
Thank you for that bowl the other day.
It was well-received.
You really helped us out.
He's a cool-looking guy.
That's the problem!
But I don't get it.
Why are you interfering with us when you're interested in someone else, Mayama?
Yamada-san's feelings for you are obvious to even us, so there's no way you haven't noticed, right?
And you're not pushing her away, but rather, you're tormenting her.
Maybe it's that you want to keep her on the bench, in case your first choice doesn't work out?
What do you mean by that?
I'll take the unspoiled Yamada-san if Rika-san doesn't work out.
Thinking something like that?
I'm not.
Really?
Not at all.
You said it.
You said that you're not.
We're running.
H-Huh? Okay!
Hey...!
Yamada... Nomiya-san...
You know about Rika-san, right?
Are you just waiting for them to fall apart while you complain and sulk, Yamada-san?
P-Please stop.
It has nothing to do with you, Nomiya-san!
It doesn't?
Even though you used me to attract Mayama's attention?
You're sure being selfish...
How much longer will you keep testing Mayama?
Well, I do understand your position...
An unrequited love that's emerged is unproductive, but simple...
Your infatuation makes him feel guilty, so he's nice to you.
And nothing worse could possibly happen...
Please stop!
Nor will you be hurt anymore...
Stop it!
What is it about Mayama that you like, Yamada-san?
I don't know.
If my love for him is genuine, I should be able to wish for his happiness.
But I... Just like you said in the car earlier...
I had honestly... been hoping they'd fall apart...
This whole time... this whole time...
Yeah...
Please have some while it's hot.
Why, Mayama-kun?
Didn't I tell you when I left this place?
That I'll come back, even if you're not waiting?
I already said this at the hospital, but I'll say it again.
Please employ me at Harada Design.
I should be more useful than I was before.
The same thing will happen.
I'll end up hurting you again...
It's okay, you can hurt me.
Because I won't be hurt.
I hadn't realized what had happened...
And that didn't change at all, even when Morita-san came back from America.
I'm... incapable of doing anything.
I started pedaling without a goal...
I was afraid this whole time.
I was afraid of not knowing the future.
I was afraid of not knowing what I wanted to do.
I was afraid of myself for not knowing what I wanted to do.
And I was afraid of the days that were nevertheless flying by mercilessly.
itsumo nakayoshi de ii yo ne tte iwarete Even when I'm told, It's so nice that you two get along so well...
demo dokoka blue ni natteta But I was feeling blue somewhere inside.
Northernmost Point in Japan
are wa koi datta That was love.
This is the end of Japan...
nando mo kuchi no naka tsubuyaitemita I tried whispering it to myself many times...
kasukana image dake wo oimotometeta...while I was pursuing that faint image.
toki wa koborete iku yo Time will fly by...
chachi na yume no sekai mo sugu ni hirogatte iku yo...and my simple dream world will quickly expand...
kimi wa iroasenu mama...but you'll stay vivid in my dreams.
warufuzake de tobeta no sa I was able to fly when I was messing around...
ki no sei da to satorazu ni irareta nara If only I hadn't realized that I imagined it.
sandal-baki no ashiyubi ni mitoreta I was charmed by your toes in your sandals...
Always... I'd always thought...
chiisana hana sakaseta...while we tended to that small flower.
How far can I go without looking back?
are wa koi datta That was love.
That was the reason I started riding.
I finally understood that reason.
toki wa koborete iku yo Time will fly by...
I probably wanted to distance myself from everyone, so I could understand how important they were.
chachi na yume no sekai mo sugu ni hirogatte iku yo...and my simple dream world will quickly expand...
How precious they were...
kimi wa iroasenu mama...but you'll stay vivid in my dreams.
What was the end of this land like?
ameagari no kirema kara Shining through between the clouds after the rain...
There was nothing there.
But...
sashikomu hi no hikaritachi machi wo arau The rays of sunshine bathe the city.
The sky was so beautiful...
That's why I decided to come back.
itsumo nakayoshi de ii yo ne tte iwarete Even when I'm told, It's so nice that you two get along so well...
demo dokoka blue ni natteta But I was feeling blue somewhere inside.
are wa koi datta That was love.
Hagu-chan...
I'm in love with you.
Takemoto-kun, thank you for coming back.
And so...
We all start to revolve again.
We start to revolve again...
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: Unable to say what you want...
