Once, when I was little, I saw God.
It was then, for the first time, that I learned the reason for which I drew...
And I wondered what I would do if I couldn't draw anymore.
Ah, God...
If I were ever to stop drawing
at that moment I will return my life to you.
watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
I didn't know anything.
I didn't even notice what was about to happen.
I mean, she was right there...
By my side, as always...
I finished just in time!
I finished it just a minute ago.
It's amazing.
It looks simple from afar...
It's complicated yet serene.
It's very beautiful.
What's the matter, Takemoto-kun?
Well, I just feel so happy...
I mean... I don't get praised very often.
Hagu-chan, I think I'm going to become a restoration worker.
Restoration worker?
I'm going to travel around the country, restoring temples and shrines.
Most older architectures don't have any blueprints left...
It looks like I have a soft spot for that.
I get absorbed in it... or rather, I get obsessed with it.
I don't know how else to explain it.
Once this Hamabi Festival is over, I bet graduation will come in no time.
Isn't that hard to imagine?
Takemoto-kun will be somewhere in Japan...
We won't be able to see each other so easily anymore.
We won't be able to ask, What do you want for lunch?
Or to go to the Maruei Bakery together to buy snacks...
Everything we did together...
We can't casually spend our days together anymore.
Hagu-chan...
Are you really returning to Nagano?
Are you really okay with that?
Hagu-chan, why won't you tell Sensei your true feelings?
I'm afraid.
Hagu-chan?
Takemoto-kun, what's the significance of the path that I have to choose at the expense of someone else's life?
What can I give Shuu-chan in return?
I'm afraid.
I mean, Shuu-chan will probably tell me that he'll sacrifice everything for me.
Everything...
Huh? What's the matter, Sensei?
Were you up all night preparing, too?
No, I just woke up early, that's all.
I had nothing else to do, so I came here.
It's the first day of the Hamabi Festival, after all.
Sensei, could it be that you are feeling down?
No, I was just thinking that the festivities are coming to an end...
What are you talking about?
We still have three more days!
That's true.
There is one hour left until opening.
Students whose works are not in position yet, please have them ready by 9:30.
Are you really returning to Nagano?
Are you really okay with that?
Excuse me, cart coming through!
Whoa, what a strong wind!
I'm getting pushed by it!
Don't move your hand!
It's so windy...
I wonder if the displays outside will be okay?
Look, Sensei.
I wonder if a storm is coming?
kaban no naka wo misete kure yo Please show me what's inside your bag.
boku dake ni sotto misete kure yo Please show it to only me.
ringo-batake ni tsudzuku michi de The road that leads to the apple orchard...
futarikiri no toki misete kure yo Let's spend some time alone there.
jama shinai daijyoubu da yo nani mo shinpai nai Nothing will get in our way. There's nothing to worry about.
konna chiisana fruits kiru knife That small fruit knife...
imadoki dare mo odosenai yo You can't threaten anyone with that.
kimi no iu hanashi ga maji nara If you're serious...
kawa wo hagu you na honmono ga ii...you're better off with a skinning knife.
demo kitto daijyoubu da yo kimi ni hitsuyou nai But it's all right, I'm sure you won't need it.
Please Maki'n Baby sono knife de ringo juice wo tsukurou Please Maki'n Baby, let's make some apple juice with your knife.
Please Maki'n Baby kimi no knife de ringo juice wo tsukurou Please Maki'n Baby, let's make some apple juice with your knife.
sore wo furikazasu no wa amari ni mo no future da There's no future in swinging something like that around.
Speaking Spanish
Good morning, useless guard dog with his fledgling eggshell still stuck to his ass!
Speaking Japanese
Good morning, nice guy with that unnatural growth on his head!
How are things going, eh?
Based on that pathetic look on your face, it looks like Rika hasn't let you into her bedroom yet, eh?
Good morning, Rika!
Good morning, Emma.
It's good to see you like this, Rika.
You can switch anytime with me, the nice guy!
You've been looking healthier lately.
Do you think so?
Whoa, you're laying it on thick again this morning.
Yeah!
I was thinking only your eyebrows were thick, but your chest hair and beard are also extra thick?
It must be thanks to that boy from Japan.
I mean, why the heck wasn't your head blessed with the same thick hair?
Mayama-kun?
Yes, you're right.
What did you say? Huh?!
It might be thanks to him.
Things have become much easier since he came.
He easily befriended Carlos, who's so difficult sometimes.
It seems the two of them go out drinking and have a blast every night.
Thanks to that, I've slept so well at night.
I haven't slept this well since I came to Spain.
Really, aren't you glad those two get along so well?
Hey, fledgling! Go to hell!
Why don't you go back to your kingdom of hair follicles?!
Dammit, that bastard with the suspicious head...
I'll expose him!
I'll definitely expose him!
She locked me out again...
Man, what a shame...
She said two-bedroom, so I figured it would be one room with two beds...
But to think that there are two bedrooms...
It's so cruel. On top of that, the rooms have locks.
This is a shame...
But locks, y'know... are for opening!
But... If I force my way in, the door to her heart might be sealed shut...
Well... you need to take your time... and work carefully... on things like this...
The cactus that Mayama left behind!
Could it be that something happened to Mayama?
Or perhaps it received a transmission of impure thoughts from its owner?
I wonder if Rika is all right?
Hey! Over here!
Someone go get the executive committee! Hurry!
Someone's been hurt.
Are you serious?
Sensei, there's something going on outside.
Who could it be?
Yes, Hanamoto speaking.
I heard a glass panel that they were moving shattered.
I heard a girl was caught underneath.
I saw her. It was a small girl with long hair...
She was covered in blood and glass shards...
She had a big gash on her head...
Hey, I heard the girl is a senior oil painting major.
Could it be...
Could it be...
It can't!
It can't be!
Tell me it's not true!
Please!
Don't cut your hand.
Please go get a cart. Hurry!
Hey, bring some water in a bucket!
Oh, and bring a broom and a deck brush.
It was Hanamoto-san from the oil painting department.
You know, Hanamoto-sensei's cousin!
Hurry up and clean it up!
We're about to open!
Please, hurry up, this is a passageway.
Hey, get a bucket!
That's not enough!
This can't be...
Tell me it's not true!
This...
But...
But she was right in front of me just a moment ago!
And yet...
Takemoto-kun!
Hagu-chan's...
Hagu-chan's been hurt!
And Sensei rode with her in the ambulance...
He said he'll contact you on your cellphone...
And...
So... Takemoto-kun...
If Sensei calls you, please let me know...
Ah... this is...
What do we do?
What do we do?
Her...
This is reality.
After that, Yamada-san and I helped pick up the glass shards and wash away the blood that had pooled on the asphalt...
The blood of the girl I love...
President, I'd like to make a report.
Our sales in the second half of the year increased 12-15 in every department.
Either way, these seem to be very good figures for this time of the year.
However, profits are down slightly at the North American plant...
Can't we fix that by cutting personnel costs?
We don't need 120 workers at that plant.
President, excuse me, but...
Cutting the workforce and increasing individual work hours will improve cost performance.
Is my view mistaken?
Yeah, you're completely wrong.
Only idiots cut experienced workers these days.
People without a vision of what's to come in the next ten years sure do things differently.
W-What? Who are you?
Excuse me for intruding on your meeting.
We've come to deliver a birthday present to you.
Birthday?
What are you talking about?
My birthday is in July.
W-What in the world is this cheap and poorly designed work outfit?
What is it? It's a present for you.
After all, today marks the day when you return to square one.
What...?
I looked into your family history.
I hear that your father, the founder of this company, was a wonderful technician.
But you, the second generation...
Although you started as a technician like your father...
I can't let my father's legacy stay with a company like yours.
I'm taking all of it back.
All of it, along with your company.
Starting today, we're the new board of directors.
I didn't think you'd make it in time, sir.
I thought I'd hit retirement and end up spending the rest of my life in Chicago...
I'm sorry to make you wait, Uncle Matsuda.
That's impossible!
Are you trying to tell me that you bought out my company's stocks and took over?
Lucas Digital Arts owns 35 of our shares!
If so, then how...?
Um... these...
I got these from Peter...
He was saying, We only have XLs, but please wear them if you like.
Peter Lucas Digital Arts
He's gonna go bankrupt and won't have anything to wear, so please take this to him.
So he sent a hundred of'em.
W-Wait a second!
What did I ever did to you?
What do you stand to gain from doing something like this?
What about my position? And my family?!
We had a family...
We all had one...
Me...
Tatsuo...
Tsukasa...
And... these boys as well.
P-Please wait...
I don't understand!
What about your family?
Are you trying to say that I did something to deserve your grudge?
Kaoru...
It's my job to curse and hate him.
So you two should move forward.
Got it? Forward.
When did this happen anyway?
We bought out that Japanese corporation over a decade ago!
Why now...?!
You're telling me that you don't remember?
Well, I figured as much.
I don't really care about that.
That's right, you should go look for a new home today.
That mansion of yours belongs to the company, after all.
W-Wait a second...!
Oh, and we're going to file a bunch of lawsuits, so make sure you have a lot of cash ready.
No way...
Oh, and about your son and your grandchildren...
Leave them to us.
We'll deal with them to the very end.
They should come seeking revenge.
Just like we did today.
They can prepare for decades...
I'll take them on!
No matter how many times!
Now, take a look.
When you shine light on it, it heads towards the light.
It's the smallest robot in the world.
Its name is Kabu-tan.
Kaoru's Ka and Shinobu's Bu.
That's why it's called Kabu-tan.
Isn't it cool?
Serves him right!
This is only the beginning!
I'll hunt you down until you can't find a moment's rest in your life!
There's plenty of time!
I'm gonna corner you until you wish you were dead!
Take that!
I'm sorry, dad.
I'm so sorry.
I couldn't keep my promise...
Damn it...
I couldn't protect what was precious.
Gusts of wind blew through the afternoon of the festival's first day, which became quite dreary with sprinkling rain.
Crowds of people gathered all day before Hagu-chan's painting of golden gingko trees lined up beneath the endless blue sky.
No word came from Sensei for a while...
It was finally evening, when the wind had died down and it had become dark outside, when my cellphone rang.
Hagu-chan's injuries required ten stitches on her head and thirteen stitches on her right arm.
The worst of her injuries was on her right hand, and over six hours were needed to operate on it.
Hagu-chan...
Ayu... Takemoto-kun...
Hagu-chan, these... I brought things that I thought you might need.
How is it? Does it hurt?
It's starting to hurt.
Especially my head. I wonder if it's because the anesthesia is starting to wear off?
And your hand?
My hand... doesn't hurt.
I didn't have any broken bones either.
I see...
Oh, so you two came.
Sensei...
I brought some things that she might need... Like a change of clothes and towels...
Ah, great. You're a lifesaver, Yamada-san.
She's still on medication, so we should let her rest some more.
You two should go home and sleep now.
There are still two more days of the Hamabi Festival.
You two haven't gotten much sleep, have you?
But Sensei... we still...
Takemoto-kun, let's leave things to Sensei for now. We should go home.
Bye then, Sensei...
Yeah, I'll call again.
Give my regards to the staff.
Shuu-chan?
Please tell me.
Tell me everything.
Tell me everything that the doctor said.
Please. I'm afraid of not knowing.
Your wounds runs from the base of your fingers across your palm.
The tendons were severed.
Today's surgery was to reconnect the blood vessels, tendons, and nerves.
Your stitches should come out in about ten days.
The problem is the nerves that are concentrated at the base of your fingers.
They can fuse upon healing and result in secondary damage.
In order to avoid that, you'll have to be hospitalized for over two months and partake in intensive rehabilitation.
Shuu-chan... I knew something was wrong...
My right hand doesn't hurt.
It's because the nerves were cut, isn't it?
It would've have been better if my hand hurt right now, right?
Her voice that undoubtedly wanted to ask, Will it get better? broke off...
As if it was crushed...
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: Pondering my inabilities.
