watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
What's the matter, Hagu?
Shuu-chan...
What's wrong, Hagu? Your hiccups won't stop?
All right...
I'll show you how to make them stop.
Do this...
This is a special technique that I learned from my best friend in college.
T-That's creepy, Shuu-chan...
Now, give it a try.
No, you need to stretch your neck more, and put your mouth on the opposite side.
Right, like that.
Oh, man... You spilled it.
The problem with this technique is its difficulty.
Oh, now that I think about it, Rika used to spill all the time, too.
Shoot, hold on for a bit, Hagu.
I'll go get you another cup.
We'll give it another try.
Oh, what is it?
You have the hiccups?
Hey, did you know?
I hear that you'll die if you hiccup a hundred times in a row.
What'll you do?
100!
T-There's no way...
99!
98!
97!
Uh oh, you only have 96 more left to live!
96!
Here, Hagu. Give it another try!
H-Huh?
She's not here.
61!
60!
59!
This should do it.
Now then...
No!
50!
49!
No!
48!
Hey, hey, you're hiccuping too fast! Oh, well! 47!
46!
Oh, man...
Oh no! You only have 45 more left to live!
Morita-san!
T-Takemoto!
Hagu-chan...
Are you all right?
What's the matter?
Takemoto-kun... the h-hiccups...
He said that I'll die if I hiccuped a hundred times in a row...
Sheesh, Morita-san...
Here, Hagu-chan.
And...
Here, try drinking from each side...
That's right. Don't rush.
Slowly, slowly.
How is it?
They stopped.
They stopped!
It works, right?
I learned it from my dad.
This will make them stop most of the time.
T-Thank you.
See you.
kimi ni aeta natsugumo ni natta I became a summer spider and met you.
nekorogatte kurukuru ni karamatte fuzaketa Lying around, we wrapped around each other on the web...
Hagu-chan...
kaze no you ni sukoshi dake yurenagara...wavering slightly in the wind.
I'm in love with you.
Since then, Hagu-chan started avoiding me for some reason.
machi no sumi no dobugawa ni atta I floated down the drainage ditch at the edge of town...
kowaresou na sasabune ni notte nagareta...on a rickety bamboo leaf boat...
The words had just slipped out.
kiri no you ni kasuka ni kienagara...slowly fading away like the fog.
Although I knew what her answer would be...
Maybe I shouldn't have said it?
hitori wo wasureta sekai ni mizushibuki haneagete Splashing water on a world that's forgotten about loneliness...
But I don't regret it all.
I always thought that I'd regret it if I said it.
bata ashi ooki na sugata ga oyogidasu...kicking through the water, a large shape begins to swim.
But I wonder why?
I look up at the sky and it's so beautiful.
So beautiful.
kimi ni aeta natsugumo ni natta I became a summer spider and met you.
nekorogatte kurukuru ni karamatte fuzaketa Lying around, we wrapped around each other on the web...
kaze no you ni sukoshi dake yurenagara...wavering slightly in the wind.
Oh, this is great!
This unrefined design...
And this overwhelming presence that nonetheless complements the plant's expression!
And to top it off, it's huge!
It's great. Good job!
T-Thank you very much.
We're glad to hear you like it.
I wonder if it was a little too big?
It's fine.
He was quite pleased.
He's usually a difficult person to deal with, but he talked with us for such a long time.
I was pleased as well.
It's thanks to the vase that you made, Yamada-san.
Thank you.
Oh, no, I don't deserve the praise, Rika-san.
Please go ahead and eat.
Sure, thanks for the meal!
I wonder what she looks like through Mayama's eyes?
Does he look at her with an aching heart, longing to touch her shoulder and her pale cheeks?
What sound does his heart make when it strains?
What emotions does he hold in while he's at that office?
Always alone with her...
Here are some towels and paper towels.
Please roll up the paper towels and put them in your shoes.
And here's some hot tea for you.
Yay, thanks!
You're so maternal, Mayama.
Huh? Something tells me I shouldn't be too thrilled to hear that.
Oh, and Rika-san, once youre done drinking, please go to your bedroom and get some rest.
Why?
We're waiting for Mori-san's check, but it'll probably be after 11 o'clock before he contacts us.
But...
Please get some rest.
You didn't sleep last night, right?
I got plenty of rest.
You were drawing blueprints in your room until morning.
I could hear your computer chair.
And Mayama was listening below Rika-san's room the entire time...
Based on past patterns, it'll be close to midnight before Mori-san sends us the data.
Please get some rest instead of waiting around while doing nothing.
If there are any pressing matters, I'll call your cell phone to wake you up.
I understand.
Then I guess I'll get some rest.
I'm sorry, Yamada-san.
Our next appointment is on Wednesday, but we have some things to take care of before then...
Oh, Yamada and I will make that file, so please don't worry about it.
Well then, goodnight, Rika-san.
Yes, goodnight.
Now then...
Before we get to work, why don't we order dinner?
What do you want, Yamada?
Soba, Chinese, or pizza?
Pizza!
Yes, a triple L magnum deluxe.
Yeah, thanks a lot.
Say.
What do you usually talk about, Mayama?
With Rika-san.
What do we talk about?
We talk about...
Usually something like...
I wonder if it'll be sunny tomorrow?
Or, Do you think the typhoon will come our way?
Or, What model should we choose for our new laptop?
U-Um...
Well, when I think about it, it seems like we only talk about work and the weather, but...
But she doesn't talk that much, to begin with...
But haven't you been working together for four years already?
Y-Yeah...
Is it strange?
Is it strange that we don't really talk about anything?
No, well...
It's not really strange...
I'm sorry.
Man...
I'm no good.
Mayama...
Yo.
Kaoru...
How's work?
Good work.
There's a lot of people here.
It is a school, after all.
So everyone here is trying to become an artist or find other creative jobs?
I don't think there's that much demand for them out there.
People like our father are rare.
People with talent.
You must think that as well.
No, you understand because it's you.
Did something bad happen?
No, things are going smoothly.
In terms of funds, we're almost there.
But I want to push through in one go, Shinobu.
Shinobu...
I know.
I know, Kaoru.
Hey, Sensei.
What did you used to talk about with Rika-san?
Huh, why?
Oh, that's right.
You've been going to Rika's to help out, right?
Let's see...
Back when we were students, I was always talking to Rika about the books that I read.
Actually, I was the only one talking.
Biographies of artists, historical background of an art piece...
Oh, and about anatomy.
Whenever we were alone, Rika would say, Please tell me about something.
It was hard for me to always have something to talk about.
Well, I did like books, so I was actually happy to have someone to talk about them with.
I'd be in the library every day going through art textbooks.
There was even a time when a professor mistook me as being studious.
Wonderful! Hanamoto-kun, you are a model student of the arts!
You're the only one who seriously studies art history!
Sensei, I'm in a hurry!
Well, I'm here thanks to things like that though.
By the way, why are you asking?
Um, well, whenever I'm alone with Rika-san, things get quiet.
I was wondering what I could do about it.
You don't need to worry.
The more she gets used to you, the less she speaks.
When she was with Harada, she almost never spoke.
They got along very well, but they were always just hanging out together.
Rika, you see, speaks less when she's with someone she likes.
She speaks less when she's with someone she likes.
Is it strange that we don't really talk about anything?
I'm not gonna tell you...
You idiot...
Two pieces of 1A and two pieces of 5C.
They'd like those pieces for their store in Kamakura.
We'll take a look at the store next week.
That's amazing, Yamada!
You might be able to quit your school job and make a living doing this.
Truly.
Oh, not at all. I'm still using the school's kiln, after all.
Now then, we'll need a file for the pieces and a mold...
Rika-san?
What's the matter with Rika-san?
She's not coming back from the kitchen.
I wonder if she's not feeling well?
Hiccups?
Let's leave her be.
Yeah, let's.
Listen, Rika.
Drink the water from the opposite end of the cup.
They'll stop.
Rika-san's hiccups aren't stopping...
What should we do about food?
The stores will close soon.
Mayama?
Rika-san, are you all right?
What's the matter?
Your shirt is wet.
I spilled a little...
Here, please drink this.
Sugar water?
We used to do this back home to stop them.
Please take my word for it and give it a try.
See? It stopped, right?
Strange...
See?
It stopped, right?
What is it?
Oh, it's nothing.
Thank you, Mayama-kun.
So you're going to Rika-san's, after all?
You're so stupid.
You'll cry.
You're going out of your way to burn the sight of them together into your eyes.
But you should go, if that's what you need to do to get over it.
She speaks less when she's with someone she likes.
But they were always just hanging out together.
Hello? Is this Tairikuken-san?
Hey, thanks for waiting! This is Tairikuken!
Katsudon at 11:30 PM?
On top of that, they're all extra large?
This is good enough for me.
Oh, Rika-san, it's okay if you can't eat it all. I'll...
May I have it?
Y-Yamada?
Are you all right?
You're gonna get an upset stomach.
What's the matter?
I mean, I need to get nutrients.
I need to work hard on my job.
And it's getting cold.
So that no matter how precious someone else is to you...
So that my heart won't be crushed...
Is it strange that we don't really talk about anything?
She speaks less when she's with someone she likes.
But you should go, if that's what you need to do to get over it.
You should go and cry your heart out.
I won't tell you!
I'm never going to...
I'm never going to help push you forward!
Figure it out yourself!
Mayama, you idiot!
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: I don't want to see your tears.
