watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
Good afternoon, Dr. Satsuki.
Rehab Room
Oh, you're Hagumi-chan's...
Yamada-san, was it?
Yes...
I brought some food for her...
Oh, about that. She just finished up her rehab...
No! That person isn't her father!
Contrast bath is a medical term where you alternately dip your limb in warm and cold water to keep the swelling down.
Doctor, um... about Hagu-chan's condition...
It hurts!
I'm sick of this!
Ryo, please bear with it.
I'm sick of doing this every day!
I wanna play soccer!
That boy was in a car accident.
He's been in rehab here since last month.
It's difficult for young children.
Rehab is also a battle against pain.
Even a grown man would be in pain and afraid.
People will often give up once they've healed to a certain degree.
But Hagumi-san must regain something more than routine movements.
Whether she can return to being an artist hinges on this.
On top of that, her injury is on her dominant hand.
But she's strong.
She's not afraid of pain...
No, I'm sure she must be afraid, but...
Hagu-chan...
Oh, Ayu!
Ah, you came again, Yamada-san?
Have you been taking care of yourself?
I have! I'm all right!
I've been going all-out and giving everything my best, just like you, Sensei!
And I've got a lot of confidence in today's menu!
What is it, Ayu?
Ta-da!
odor
It's sweet-boiled beef tendons and kumquat!
Now this is...
The hearty scent of beef fat is mixing with the fruity scent of the kumquat and... man, I don't even know what to say...
I thought she might be needing some collagen...
This should, like, also keep her from catching a cold!
It's tasty!
Isn't it?
What is it?
Oh, please have some also if you'd like, Dr. Satsuki.
Oh, my, thank you.
Dr. Satsuki, hold on a sec!
See? Delicious, no?
Y-Yamada-san...
I'd like to make a comment from a medical perspective...
Dr. Satsuki!
Nutrition is important, but there's absolutely no need for you to put everything into one dish...
Oh, you're the boy from earlier. Would you like some as well?
This is why traditional Japanese cuisine involves one soup dish and three vegetable dishes...
Yeah!
Would you like some too, ma'am?
My, is it all right?
Crap! Even more victims!
Someone call an ambulance... Oh, this is the hospital!
Delish! This is so good!
Gosh, it's already gone.
My cooking is totally popular!
I'll make more and bring it again!
No!
Yamada genocide!
Thank you very much!
Okay then...
I'm glad I made everyone happy today.
H-Hey, wait a second! Where on earth did you get an idea like that?!
It turned into a bit of a commotion, but that must mean they're looking forward to the next time, right?
Morita
Where in the world did you go...?
I'll leave a video phone behind when I'm going away again.
Morita
Liar.
Get out of here!
Rika!
Rika, Rika!
Why do you keep coming day after after day?!
Ole!
We don't have any appointments with you today!
Rika, Rika!
And actually, we'll hold all of our meetings elsewhere,
Oh, my goodness, move! Move, punk!
so don't ever come here again!
Ow! Oh, my God.
Rika!
Rika!
Damn that suspicious head.
I'll finally expose him tonight!
That's right, I'm gonna make it clear.
Both the issue with Rika-san and the secret behind his hair!
Yamada?
No way...
Here, Takemoto-kun.
Are these okay?
It might be pretty to paste some shattered white pottery onto my tower.
I'm happy you can use them.
Parts always break off.
M-Morita-san!
Where's Mouse?
But why...?
We've been looking for you! Where have you been?
Where were you all this time...?
I heard from Mayama.
Where's Mouse?
Oh... W-West Eifuku Hospital.
That big one by the park...
Got it.
Morita-san!
Wait! Hey, wait a minute!
Morita-san!
M-Morita? He's back?
Did someone say Morita's name?
Hey, did you just say Morita?
He put the Robot Club's action figures on a net auction without asking us!
Where is that man?!
That man is the reincarnation of Taikan-sama!
Yokoyama Taikan (1868-1958) was an important leader in the Japanese traditional school of modern Japanese art.
Well... um...
Why, all of a sudden...?
No one could figure out where he was all of this time...
On top of that, how did he know about Hagu-chan?
I asked.
I asked Mayama in an e-mail to find Morita-san.
Since Mayama is in Spain, I didn't know if it was a good idea to tell him about Hagu-chan...
But, well...
Takemoto-kun... um...
Hold on a second.
Yamada-san, there's no need to apologize to me.
Please, spare me that.
Um, well then, I'll be going, too.
Morita-san didn't seem like himself.
I'm worried about what he might do.
T-Takemoto-kun! Are you all right?
T-Takemoto-kun?
A-Are you all right?
I'm all right.
I'm all right.
Yamada-san, please lend me your bike.
Sure.
Even if I'm 100 sure to be rejected...
Even if I look pathetic...
Even if I can't even afford a single bouquet...
Right now, she's the one in pain.
She's the one who's suffering.
This isn't the time for me to call myself powerless and swallow in self-pity.
I won't make a mistake.
I don't want to make a mistake!
I want to be at least that much of a man!
All right, I'm gonna push down slowly.
One, two, three.
Does it hurt?
Don't push yourself.
It hurts.
But...
I can still take this much.
It hurts!
I hate this!
I don't want any more anesthesia or rehab!
It's the boy from yesterday.
I've had enough.
It's not gonna get better anyway!
It's never gonna move again, is it?!
Then I don't wanna hurt anymore.
I don't wanna hurt!
Hagu...
Why don't we go outside for a bit?
It must be nice to be able to throw a tantrum like that kid.
Feel free to throw a tantrum as well, Hagu.
You're in this for the long haul. If you keep your emotions pent up, you won't last.
I'm afraid... that if I start, I won't be able to stop.
It's all right. Say it.
I can't.
I've been causing you so much trouble.
At this rate, you're going to hate me someday.
I won't hate you.
Go ahead and say it.
You know, I even took care of you when you used to wet your bed.
If I thought you were too much trouble, I would've hated you already.
What are you talking about, seriously?
When I gave you a ride in my car, you got carsick and threw up.
When I took you to the river, you got carried away by the current.
No matter what else happens, I'm not going to change.
I won't change.
Shuu-chan...
Shuu-chan...!
The truth is... I'm scared!
I'm so scared I don't know what to do!
What if I don't get better? What if I can't draw again?
Hey, Shuu-chan, what does living mean?
You breathe and you eat. What else are you supposed to do?
I don't know!
I don't know!
kimi no matsuge de yureteru suishou no tsubu A drop of liquid dances on your eyelashes.
Not drawing anymore...
How could I live...?
For the rest of my life... for such a long time...?
hontou wa hitori-bocchi You're actually all alone.
I don't know.
I'm so scared.
kabe ni kaita midori-iro no door wo akete The vast ocean of time expands...
Once, when I was little, I saw God.
If...
hirogaru toki no umi...beyond the open, green door drawn on the wall.
If I didn't have this paper and pencil, what would I have done?
dakedo kimi wa mou kizuki hajimeru darou But you'll begin to notice...
Being alone among all these people... how would I have lived...?
kawari yuku keshiki ni...that your world isn't the same anymore...
tsuki no light ga namida de tobichiru yoru ni...on the night when the moonlight reflects off your tears...
Ah, that's it.
I was okay because I had my pencil and paper.
namida de tobichiru yoru ni When it reflects off of your tears...
Drawing gave me life and protected me.
erabarete kimi wa megami ni naru You were chosen to become a goddess...
Ah, God...
dare ni mo satorarezu...but nobody noticed.
If I were ever to stop drawing, at that moment I will return my life to you.
soshite kimi wa sugu aruki hajimeru darou And with your freed soul...
hanatareta tamashii de...you'll begin to walk away immediately...
tsuki no light ga namida de tobichiru yoru ni...on the night when the moonlight reflects off your tears...
Hagu, let's go back to the room.
You don't want to yet?
Then let's drink something warm.
How about some cocoa?
namida de tobichiru yoru ni When it reflects off of your tears...
Hold on for a bit.
namida de tobichiru yoru ni When it reflects off of your tears...
I'm certain that I made a vow back then...
That's why I've been struggling so hard to keep that one promise.
God...
Right now, I...
Hagu?
Hagu?
Sensei!
Oh, Takemoto.
Where's Hagu-chan?
Well, she's gone.
She was here just a second ago.
It's Morita-san.
Morita?
He's back.
Morita-san learned about Hagu-chan's injury and said that he was going to the hospital.
Morita did?
This place is...?
We used to call it our secret base.
My older brother and I.
Your older brother?
Did you lose weight?
Same to you.
I was surprised.
It was so sudden.
Did you get to go to a lot of places again?
Did you get to see a lot of things again?
Did you make a lot of things?
Were you able to do a lot?
P-Please wait.
I'll make it get better.
Then we can again...
I'll draw a lot again...
Then we can show them to each other again...
It's all right.
Stop drawing.
You don't need to draw anymore.
It's absurd to think that your life won't have a meaning unless you leave some work behind.
Just living is enough.
Just being together is enough.
That's all I want.
Unsurpassed words of kindness flowed out of his mouth.
His voice was so gentle... so kind and full of sorrow.
It was as if he were calling to me from somewhere far away.
What's wrong?
I mean, I'd never heard it before...
What happened?
I'd never heard him sound like this before...
Please tell me.
Sensei...
Sensei!
What should we do? Where else might she be?
Well, it's all right.
She's probably with Morita.
Sensei... this...
Don't tell Hagu.
I want her to make her choice without knowing about this.
Are you going to quit Hamabi?
I've decided to take a sabbatical.
At this rate, I'd be doing a poor job balancing both things.
I'd be inconveniencing the school as well.
I thought that I'd dedicate all of the next three years to Hagu's rehab.
But... to think that her prince would come back at a time like this...
Sensei, what if Hagu-chan...
What if she chooses Morita?
Well...
I'll travel.
I'll travel around the world, maybe even twice.
It'll be a good opportunity.
I'll travel around the world until I've had enough.
Sensei... why won't you tell Hagu-chan?
To Hagu? Say what?
Choose me.
I can't say that...
Why not?
Even though you can abandon everything like this for her?
I said it.
Even though I didn't even have a sliver of hope...
Even though I knew that it was hopeless...
I still said it.
Sensei...
I'm going back to the hospital.
Hagu might have come back.
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: Please give me your life.
