watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
I want to open all these boxes...
A single lifetime limits how many boxes you can open.
But...
What's wrong?
My hand...
It's swollen.
It won't move.
At this rate, my hand will be paralyzed.
I need to go back... the hospital...
Shuu-chan!
I'm going back.
I need to go back.
O-Or else, my hand is going to die.
Anything but that...
I can't let that happen!
I'll die if I can't draw anymore!
I understand.
gaitou ga utsushidashita futari no kage wa yukkuri to Our shadows created by the street lights...
kimi no ie no hou e nobite hodo naku kieta...slowly moved toward your house and faded away.
ashita ni wa ii koto ga futari ni aru kanaa I wonder if tomorrow holds anything nice for us?
tokidoki subete wa kowarekakete kimi wa kotoba wo nakushite shimau Sometimes, everything seems to break down and you don't know what to say.
boku de wa namida wo umaku nuguenai I can't wipe away your tears well enough.
kaeri no michi kage wa hitotsu dake Only one shadow leaves your house.
saishuu no chikatetsu wa dareka no jiko de konde ite The last subway train of the night was delayed because of an accident.
hitonami ni osarete bonyari tokei wo mite ita Pushed around by the crowds, I was staring blankly at my watch.
ashita made ato sukoshi nanika ga kawarukanaa I wonder if anything will change tomorrow?
bokura ga umarete kieru aida doredake hito wo sukueru darou How many people can we help in our lifetimes?
yogoreta mado ni wa nani mo utsuranai I can't see anything outside the dirty train window.
kimi wa mou nemutte shimattan darou ka na I wonder if you've gone to sleep already?
How's your hand?
It's all right now.
I'm sorry for scaring you like that.
What happened to your cheek?
Sensei punched me.
But I returned it to him threefold!
It's all right. It just so happens we're at a hospital!
I'm sorry.
Why do you need to apologize?
I see.
So you've decided.
Please watch me. I'll get better.
I'll definitely get better.
Actually, it's okay if I don't get better and can't leave my mark.
I understand now that I really want to draw.
There's no other life for me.
What you told me last night really made me happy.
I won't forget it.
I'll always be watching you.
If you find your brother, make sure you catch him and tell him...
Sensei will kill you if he finds you.
He already slugged me.
Yeah... but I returned to him fourfold.
Sheesh... I should've punched him more than just four times as much...
Morita-san...
Please get on.
Does she know about this?
He told me not to tell her.
That he wants her to decide without knowing about this.
I see...
So that geezer's finally going all out.
Isn't it your duty to care for her?!
Sacrificing everything?
Damn... I can't beat that...
There's no going back...
Truly, never again.
Ouch...
Well then...
Hagu, how's your hand?
Shuu-chan...
Um, Hagu...
Shuu-chan...
Will you hold my hand?
S-Sure.
Um, I have a request for you.
Please give me your life, Shuu-chan.
I'm sorry for asking this of you when I don't know if I can give anything back in return...
And for saying something like this...
But...
But I want to draw... for the rest of my life.
So please stay with me... until the very, very end.
Shuu-chan?
I-I'm sorry.
W-Was that too much to ask?
Sure.
You don't need to give me anything in return.
I'll give you everything.
I love the rain.
The borders of the world become blurred...
Hello!
See, it's Hagu-chan!
Shuuji is back from Tokyo!
Try going to his room.
I loved Shuu-chan's room.
The scent of books...
His sketchbooks and his shelves with paint marks...
I love the sound of rain.
It really soothes me.
It's as if it's gently healing everything...
The mountain, the trees, the grass, the roof...
And me...
Hagu-chan! Shuuji! I sliced up some watermelon.
Why don't you come eat some?
Oh, goodness, they get along so well.
That's it. Shuu-chan is like the rain.
What's wrong, Hagu?
Shuu-chan is like the rain.
Just seeing him relieves me.
So much that it makes me want to cry.
He always came looking for me when I got lost.
Let's go.
He always gently reached out to me.
Hagu, let's make you get better.
Your talents aren't something to be wasted so easily.
Don't think that you're alone.
I'm with you.
That's right, Shuu-chan must be my rain.
Being with him makes me breathe deeply...
This person who always smiles at me with a slightly troubled look on his face...
He's very...
My body hurts!
It's so cold, Takemoto!
Warm me up. Hold me tight!
Hey, Takemoto, is this dawn or dusk...?
Well, the clock says five o'clock.
Five o'clock?
Which five o'clock?
Why don't we go eat something? I'll pay.
So bright...
Why does the river have to shine so brightly?
I-It's so shiny it's offensive...
It must be morning.
This brilliance is unmistakably that of morning.
Only the convenience store was open, too.
What the hell? You have a cold?
Don't sneeze like that when you're upwind of me!
What if my precious self caught it?
Yeah, yeah, so sorry.
We fell asleep without a futon or anything. Of course I'd catch a cold.
Or rather, can't you worry about me a little...
That grilled pepper garlic sausage is mine!
Why the hell are you eating it, ya damn punk?!
Why, you...!
Yeah, yeah.
Give it back!
Sure, I'll give it back.
Give it back - !
Sheesh... Hagu-chan was right for not picking a guy like him.
What?!
What did you just say?
I'm saying that Hagu-chan was right in picking Sensei.
What the hell?
What are you saying, acting like you know everything?
Aren't you bitter?!
Yeah, I'm bitter!
I've been thinking a lot about it, too!
But no matter how much I thought about it, you and I can't make her happy...
Damn it, you're the last person I want to hear that from!
She rejected you ages ago!
Yeah, she did!
She rejected me, so what?
Actually you know what? I'm so glad you got rejected, too!
I didn't want you taking her from me!
What did you say...?
You fourth-degree self-realizer! Unskilled amateur! Pauper!
Yeah, I don't have anything! Money nor talent!
I'm really glad Hagu-chan chose Sensei!
If I was going to lose...
Talent?
Talent, did you say?
What talent?
Talent...
Everyone arbitrarily loves, hates, and curses others for that.
And in the end, they all quietly drift away.
It was sad.
I wanted everything to end.
That's why I tried to drag her down with me.
I know.
I looked to her as an escape...
When she was so damaged herself...
I'm the worst.
So you're saying that geezer could make her happier?
I knew that, too, from the very beginning!
Then...
But you know what? I...
Let me in!
Takemoto's leg
Morita's leg
A fight? Are you guys fighting?
two young men
blue sky
wind
river embankment
adolescence
M-Man, today's sparring sure was heated.
T-The national tournament is soon, after all!
It really gets you pumped up, huh?!
No doubt about it!
Well then, why don't we get back to school?
Yeah, why don't we do that soon?
That's great... it reminds me of the old days...
You look great even in a fist fight... it's like it was when I was young.
I fell asleep sitting in a chair, so my shoulders and back...
Is someone there?
Huh, what's this box?
Help her get better no matter what
Morita...
Morita!
Heave-ho!
Hey, wait a second... this is for...
I really appreciate it! I'll make good use of it!
But this is enough!
And I'll be sure to pay you back!
I'll return the money but not Hagu though!
Don't you dare think that this is the end!
Don't forget about that!
Yeah, I'll remember it.
I'll definitely help her get better...
So don't worry about it.
Hey, you... do you love her?!
Yeah!
I love her!
I love her very much!
What did he say?!
It's adolescence!
I never knew, Hanamoto-kun!
Lord Adolescence has arrived!
What? Hanamoto-sensei?
Bring sake! Someone, bring some sake!
No way?! It never seemed that way...
A toast to Lord Adolescence!
Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
Cheers for Hanamoto-kun!
I won't forget.
And I'll watch you forever.
Forever and ever...
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: With Honey and Clover.
