watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
Yakisoba
Hamabi Festival
Dad...
Dad...
Morita Technology Research Office
What?
Seriously?
Got it. I'll be right there.
Hey, where's the president?
What? Isn't he in his office?
He was singing real loud a little while ago.
No way!
But the president...
Have this done by eight. Otherwise, you're doing ten laps around the grounds.
The president already went home.
What the...?!
Tomorrow is the presentation for our new project!
But he ran out screaming, We're having curry tonight!
Curry?
Curry, huh?
I guess it can't be helped if it's curry...
Dad!
Dad!
Hey!
Now, take a look.
When you shine a light on it, it heads toward the light.
It's the smallest robot in the world.
It's name is kabu-tan.
Kabu-tan...
That's right.
Kaoru's Ka and Shinobu's Bu.
That's why it's called Kabu-tan.
Isn't it cool?
It's lame!
No kidding!
But isn't it cute?
For real!
Okay, why don't we have some curry then?
Agreed!
I want some curry...
I tried to make something huge...
And that the work is simple, boring and endless.
But I'm all right now.
Everyone is amazed when I tell them I rode a bike to Wakkanai...
Right, left, right, left...
Only, endlessly...
I know that, so I'm all right now.
So smooth...
It's like the edges will melt away.
It's like they're made out of cream...
The white marble...
I wonder how much it costs...
I wonder how you carve them...
There's so much I want to do.
I'm brimming with thoughts of things I want to create.
I chase after every image that flies out...
I catch them... I battle them...
I name and return them to where they ought to be.
Over and over...
It requires so much time.
I want to open all these boxes...
A single lifetime limits how many boxes you can open.
But if I had someone to help me in my battles...
If I have that person...
The Gates of Hell by Rodin, right?
It's displayed at the National Museum of Western Art.
It appears in Dante's Divine Comedy.
It's the place where people abandon all hope before entering Hell.
Abandon all hope?
Dore that you like uses that theme, too.
Since they chose this motif, they must've been stressed about something as well.
Hagu?
Marble, huh?
Seems like there's a dull light coming from the inside, doesn't it?
That's because the light is being refracted inside.
Marble is actually translucent.
Shuu-chan...
What is it, Hagu?
H-Hagu?
No...
It's nothing.
No.
He has his own life.
I don't have the right to take that away.
No way, you f-finally got a call from her?
Waha, it's been a while, Mayama-san
From Spain?
From Rika-san?
Yes!
The Spanish architect, Marc Carlos?
He's on the project with Rika-san?
For real?
Man, she's really in a bind...
Yeah, seriously... I can figure out the situation just from this picture...
It seems like he's totally in love with Rika.
Rika, Rika!
Rika, Rika, Rika!
Help!
Rika!
He's Spain's top runner after all...
He must come on strong...
I wonder if Rika-san is okay?
Isn't she worn down enough already?
So she faxed Mayama an SOS...
She's gonna use him as a guard dog, huh?
Please say what you want.
Well, as long as I'm with her, I won't let anyone lay a finger on her.
Miwako-san!!! I smell a beast in this man!?
No! He's probably the most dangerous person by Rika's side!
Instead of a guard dog, he's already turned into a rabid dog!
A wolf on the outside and a rabid dog on the inside!
It must've been a tough choice, after putting those two on the scale.
Oh, Rika-san!
How pitiful.
But doesn't Rika-san look even thinner in this picture?
If I could, I'd fly there myself and take her under my wing.
Of course, I'm already prepared for that.
A miniature rice cooker!
Along with a voltage converter.
Even when she's not hungry, she can eat rice with bonito flakes and soy sauce.
M-Mayama...
Miso and...
It's like...
Pickled seaweed...
It's like a care package from home...
Somen...
But somen is pretty good...
Do they have seasoning for it?
Somen is flavorless without beefsteak and green onion...
Don't they have ginger over there?
They should have plenty of herbs...
Please! Mint and lemon balm on somen?! That's not fit for human consumption!
That's on the same level as Yamada's special menus!
M-Mayama!
B-B-Behind!
Not cow. I'm talking about somen!
Either way, I can't let Rika-san eat something like that...
Daikon sprouts...
Daikon sprouts are spicy, so they're great as spice.
You can eat them after three days if you spread them on top of a damp cloth.
You should take some seeds and plant them as soon as you get there.
Okay.
I'll try that as soon as I get there.
Thanks, Yamada.
Okay.
I'll try that as soon as I get there.
Thanks, Yamada.
Yamada-san, wait up, wait up.
Leader...
W-What is it?
Say what?
I'm taking Leader for a walk.
Yamada-san...
You really wanted me to come chasing after you, didn't you?
N-No, I didn't!
Are you sure?
Of course not! I really didn't think that!
P-Please don't stare at me like that!
You said it well.
Good job.
Morita.
Won't you please talk to her?
You can see what Hagu is up against, can't you?
Your paths will separate if you don't talk to her now.
Are you okay with that?
It can't be helped.
That's not like you.
It can't be helped?
Furthermore, split or not...
Morita...
What are you thinking?
umaku hanashi ga dekinakute I feel really bad...
hontou wa sumanai to omotteru...that I can't say it right.
shibaraku nayandemo mitakedo I worried over it for a while...
Kaoru...
sono uchi tsukarete nemutteru...but I eventually gave up and fell asleep.
Kaoru...
shuumatsu no kono machi no kuuki wa The air in this town on the weekend...
hitoikire de musekaeri...is heavy with the crowd.
fukaku tameiki wo tsuitara When I let out a deep sigh...
gaitou speaker ni kesareta...the external speaker overrode it.
Morita Technology Research Office
sorerashii kotoba wo narabetemo Even when I try to say it well...
tsutawaru koto nado hajime kara nai...there never was anything to be communicated.
nigiyaka na kono machi no In this busy town...
I always thought...
sora ni omoikiri hariageta koe wa...I look toward the sky.
I always thought that there must be something that only I am capable of.
I wanted to think that.
I'll get it back.
boku ni yasashiku shite kureta And to that person who was so kind to me...
I'll get Dad's company back.
ano hito e no happy birthday...I shout out, Happy birthday.
Hey, take a look.
Isn't it amazing?
It heads toward the light.
It follows wherever the light leads it.
Forward...
nanika chiisana trouble de A slight trouble got us lost...
hitodakari ni nomikomare...amongst the crowd.
dareka no tsumaranai joke ni And I started laughing...
honno sukoshi dake waratta...at people's stupid jokes.
itsuka kono machi no dokoka de I still don't know...
kimi to guuzen deattemo...what to say...
nani wo hanashitara ii no ka...if I were to meet you...
ima demo yoku wakaranai...randomly somewhere in this town.
hitotsu zutsu kowarete yuku sekai de What's the meaning behind the tears...
nagashita namida ni nan no imi ga aru...that I shed in this gradually crumbling world?
We're not going for a walk?
nigiyaka na kono machi no sora ni In this busy town...
omoikiri hariageta koe wa...I look toward the sky.
dokoka tooku no machi ni iru And to that person in a distant town...
ano hito e no happy birthday...I shout out, Happy birthday.
I wonder if Mayama-san is in Spain already...
Hey, hey, Takemoto-kun.
What's up?
You got your license, right?
Y-Yeah, it's limited to an automatic though.
Then, do you wanna go for a drive?
A drive!
W-Well, I've never driven outside the driving school without an instructor.
I also don't have a car.
But we do have a car.
Isn't that right, Sensei?
That's right!
Yeah, it is!
Y-You want to take my car out for an untried driver's first drive?
What kind of a penalty game is this?!
That's right, the ocean!
Let's go to the ocean!
The ocean, huh!
The ocean!
Are you listening to me?
Oh, right.
A normal car can only seat five people though...
Me, Hagu-chan, Takemoto-kun, Morita-san, Sensei, Mayama...
So one person won't fit...
Yamada-san...
Oh, but Mayama is in Spain now, isn't he?
A five seater is okay, right?
We can wait until he comes back.
He said he'd be back in about a month.
It'll be less crowded and better once it's a little colder.
There'll be a bunch of seashells to pick up.
I want to pick up seashells!
Now that I think about it, we've never gone to the beach together, have we?
That's true, now that you mention it.
We've taken a boat tour and gone to the hot springs, but we've never gone to the beach together...
That sounds good. The ocean, huh?
Yeah, that sounds great.
Let's go, Ayu!
Yeah!
Let's all pack bentos, bring our cameras, take a lot of pictures, and eat a lot of food...
And pick up a lot of shells...
Relax...
I bet it'll be a lot of fun!
Yeah.
But...
In the end, we never went to the ocean.
For some reason...
Even though we didn't have a single picture...
That image of everyone together burned into the back of our eyelids...
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: Forward, in the direction of the light.
