watashi ga umareta asa no machi yuki no naka ni umoreta
sore wa sore wa chiisai te de aozora wo aoida
sanagara mukashi kara yoku shiru tonari no ano ko no you ni
katahou no mimitabu de kiku sotsugyou no canon
hitori demo daijoubu yo tte mekureteru watashi no story
dareka no sei ni shitai yo
tsurai naa iya iya
kanashikutte naite bakkari itara me ga tokete nakunatta
aki ni nari mata fuyu ni nari hitotsu toshi wo totta
tooku made nigete iru tsumori demo owaranai kimi no story
niya niya waratte iru
fugainaiya iya
sugari nagara oikakete mitemo ashige ni saretemo
aita ana wo fusagou
chigai nai ya iya
fugainai ya iya
tsurai naa iya iya
My hometown lay buried in snow the morning I was born.
I looked up at the blue sky with my tiny hands.
The face of the girl next door that I've known so well...
It's as familiar as the graduation canon.
Thriving in solitude has been mistaken as my life story.
I want to blame it on someone.
It's so difficult. No, I hate it.
Tears and sorrow caused me to miss my chance.
Autumn passed, winter came again, and I became a year older.
You think you've run far away, but your story never ends.
And yet, you're smirking.
It's so cowardly. I hate it.
Even if I have to cling to you, chase after you, and get kicked down...
It's so cowardly. No...
It's so difficult. I hate it. I hate it.
You've collected a lot.
A lot of them I got as souvenirs.
It's beautiful. The snow's all sparkly.
I love snow domes.
This one is a souvenir from Tatsukichi-san's honeymoon.
It's pretty!
It doesn't snow on the beaches of Hawaii, but it's kinda romantic.
Snow falling on sand dunes, huh?
Snow falling on sand dunes, huh?
Somehow, it's unbelievably surreal, isn't it?
Well, the work that we're doing is absolutely surreal as well.
A German restaurant overlooking the sand dunes.
On top of that, it's next door to the Tottori Souvenir Center.
Luigi... Be a little more careful when choosing your work.
Actually, I'll bet this was a very romantic job from his point of view...
Luigi does love his junk...
Well, come December the snow really comes down here...
It's facing the Sea of Japan, after all.
Snow falling on the sand dunes, huh?
Well, it is picturesque.
It must be romantic...
If Miwako-san were by my side in that snow, I...
Yamazaki's Imagery
Yamazaki, this is wonderful.
Thank you for showing me this beautiful scenery.
Nomiya's Imagery
Sake is awesome!
Crab is awesome!
Don't you want to show Yamada-san the sand dunes?
Hm, I don't know...
You don't know?
Don't you want to see her?
Have you called her?
I haven't.
You haven't? You put it so bluntly...
Why?
Well, I'm not sure how to contact a girl who doesn't have a cell phone.
Oh, that's right, Yamada-san doesn't have a cell phone.
On top of that, she lives at home.
You saw her daddy, didn't you?
Yeah, I'd be afraid of that sentinel, too.
I won't allow anyone near her!
Even so, don't you think about Yamada-san?
I do, but it's also a pain.
A pain?
I've never hurt a child before.
Just thinking about it makes me feel out of it.
Nomiya, Yamada-san is a full-fledged adult.
I'm talking about her mindset.
Yeah, I understand that, but... how do I say it...
What are you babbling about?
I don't get it.
Why do you assume that you'll hurt someone if you get involved with them?
I've always thought that once I find the right girl, I'll treasure her forever.
Isn't that how it's supposed to be?
Nomiya! Are you all right?
No, sand just got into my eyes...
Or more like... my eyes were just opened.
Yamada-san's been going to Rika-san's office?
That's right.
Why would she go out of her way to stand under the waterfall?
It was something she needed to see for herself, even if it means getting beaten by a waterfall.
Miwako-san... this sure is a wonderful night.
What an idiot.
That's right.
She's an idiot.
So please give her a call.
She's at Harada Design on the weekends.
You're such a fool.
Was Mayama so important to you...
M-Mayama...
W-What are you doing?
Isn't that Rika-san's computer?
C-C-Could it be... that you've been browsing through her Internet history?!
Well, um... I was just wondering if it's sunny in Hokkaido?
Mayama! Just how low will you go?
What about Hokkaido?!
Oh, it's a fax!
Mayama...
What's the matter?
What's this request for an interview?
It says that you won the building expansion competition for the Valencia Museum of Art...
It says that they would like to interview you beforehand...
Is this for real?
Yes, this is a job that I took with Harada-kun.
It was on hold due to their circumstances, but now it's been restarted.
What are you going to do about this place?
You weren't going to discuss it with me?
You're going as well.
Naturally, since it's work.
But that's still in the future.
For a while, we'll have a consultant work as an in-between...
The interview request is too sudden, so I'll turn it down.
I'm sorry.
I'm not feeling well.
I'm going back upstairs.
Hey, Yamada, what do you think this is?
A live camera for the weather forecast?
Otaru in Hokkaido.
It's her hometown.
She rarely speaks about herself.
But her Internet history is full of this site.
I noticed her staring at the monitor.
She hasn't taken a break in a long time.
She might still keep in touch with them...
You see, Rika, I want to make a container.
Not paintings or sculptures...
A huge house?
Like a museum?
That's right.
Just like the one in Valencia that we saw on our senior trip.
A house that contains everything and stands serenely...
Harada-kun...
We made a lot of things together, didn't we?
It was so much fun.
But this is really the last one.
Harada-kun... Please wait for me...
I'm almost done.
Hello, this is Harada Design.
Oh, Nomiya-san!
Ah, so you're really there.
How did you know that I'd be here?
I heard from Miwako-san...
It's been a while.
Have you been well?
Yes, of course!
How about you, Nomiya-san? Are you doing well?
I'm doing well, but it's seriously tough being together with Yamazaki day in and day out.
Together? Do you live in the same room with him?
Well, we have separate rooms, but...
Saying I'm bored and stuff.
The hot pot is ready.
That's just like Yamazaki-san.
Either way, I was surprised to hear that you go there to help out.
Rika-san invited me.
She's actually let me make a lot of large potteries.
Rika-san has been treating me very well.
Oh, but Mayama is still the same.
Woo Darlin' kanashii koto wa daiji na hito soko ni iru no ni Woo Darlin', the night will come and swallow your sorrow...
Tonight is out helping move an office he's familiar with.
Are you all right, Yamada-san?
Yeah! Things are going rather well.
Miwako-san and Rika-san have been taking such good care of me, so I'm really motivated to do well.
I'm also stockpiling some of my works...
todokanu omoi no mama kyou mo yoru ga kite subete wo tsutsumu no...before it can reach the precious person right beside you.
Oh, and I've been thinking that it would be nice if I could make
some sake sets to sell at home as gifts to complement the sake.
By the way, I'll be going to Miwako-san's tonight for Leader's birthday party!
Woo Baby ai suru hito wa dakiau tabi namida wo nagasu Woo Baby, lovers will shed tears every time they embrace.
I see.
Please give Miwako-san and Leader my regards.
Sure.
Well, either way, I'm doing well over here...
Don't push yourself too hard.
Yeah, I'll be fine.
Thanks.
Well then...
Okay, please give Yamazaki-san my regards then.
furueru yubi wo tsutsundemo anata no kanashimi wo shiru ni wa tarinai Holding your shaking fingers won't be enough to know your sorrow.
Gotcha.
See ya.
Have a good night.
wakare no shunkan wa yami wo tsutatte The moment we part will come through the dark...
yagate omoide no subete wo itami ni kaeru...to turn all our memories into pain.
kanjiru itami wa koko ni ita koto The pain you feel is proof we were once here...
furueru anata to koko ni ita koto Proof that I was here with you in your sorrow.
Please fill it up with premium.
Is she serious about Don't push yourself too hard?
Of course I'm going to!
Pretending to sound so happy like that!
I can't believe this...
It takes nine hours!
S-She headed off for Tottori...?
Wow, it's been a while!
I'm sorry, Nomiya!
Yamada-san seemed really depressed yesterday, so...
Huh, why? I'm getting chills where she touched me?!
Yamada-san...
Can you deliver this to Nomiya?
Ouch!
To... Nomiya-san?
That's right! Please go to Tottori for me.
To be honest, I was thinking, Miwako, good job! at the time.
I had no idea that you were headed this way...
Ouch...
But she's still on her way, so if we contact her...
She doesn't have a cellphone, does she?
This is the pits...
But Nomiya...
Why did you come to Tokyo all of a sudden?
You should have called.
Well, it was on a whim...
Since Yamada-san was saying that she'd be spending the night at your place.
Oh? That's it?
You came all the way from Tottori just for that?
Huff Huff Huff Huff Huff
N-Nomiya... Could it be?
I'm heading back.
I'm gonna catch her no matter what.
Hey, why don't you get a little rest before you leave?
You drove here without sleeping, right?
What will you do if you get into an accident?
I'll take a nap on the rest area on the way.
Oh, and please contact Yamazaki.
Tell him, Don't let her leave no matter what.
Did you see that, Leader?
I can't believe he couldn't wait until morning to take a flight...
He's more manly now, compared to how smug he used to be.
You weren't going to discuss it with me?
She probably hasn't gone home in a long while.
Ah, Yamada-san!
Hey, over this way!
Oh, Yamazaki-san, it's been a while.
How have you been?
Y-Yamada-san, you're looking a little gaunt. Are you okay?
Nomiya-san isn't around?
T-That's...
He must be busy. It's unfortunate that I can't see him...
Well then...
Hey, wait a sec!
Since you came all the way out here, please take a tour of Tottori!
Attended an All-Boys School (not good with girls)
I'll take you around! I'll even pay.
Then let's go!
Breaking Point
Thank you so much, Yamazaki-san.
Today was a lot of fun.
Y-Yeah?
It went by in a flash, but I'm starting to feel better.
Yeah?
But I need to get going soon...
Breaking Point!
Now, now, now!
Nomiya will be back soon, okay?
Okay?
Okay?!
N-Nomiya!
Thank goodness...
It's been a while!
I'm sorry for intruding when you're so busy...
I'm glad that I got to see you, since I need to go soon...
Please don't leave.
I'll talk to you when I wake up, so please stay here.
U-Um, Nomiya-san?
All right!
4946 for Nomiya!
Note: Shi-Ku-Yo-Ro (4946), when rearranged, becomes yoroshiku meaning please take care of him.
T-That's...
What's 4946?
W-Whoa...
The hell you want?!
What you think you're staring at, dammit!
An Entourage of Holy Beasts (Unicorns) Defending the Maiden's Chastity
Wanna go, ya bastard?
Wanna get pummeled, huh?
Hiding her head
I wonder what kind of torture this is?
But not her legs
Ah, geez. Yeah, yeah, out of my way already.
That hurt, dammit!
I'm gonna impale you, dammit!
Rest well, sweet honey.
Yamada-san, please wake up.
It's morning.
Offerings
Delish, dammit!
This is delish, dammit!
Um...
Nomiya-san?
This is the third time I've seen you wake up.
Oh, you have bread...
Here you go.
Thanks for the meal...
Oh, it's good...
Once you finish eating those, let's go see the sand dunes.
Sand dunes?
You have some time until your train leaves, right?
Wow!
They're huge when you see them up close!
It's amazing that there's a place like this in Japan.
You should take off your shoes.
Once you get sand in them, you can't get it out, since the grains are too fine.
Oh, that's right. Where were you yesterday, Nomiya-san?
Oh, I was in Tokyo.
Huh, Tokyo?
Was it for work?
I went to see you.
So what's the real reason?
Did something happen?
You were sobbing when I called you.
I-I wasn't!
Really? Then it must've been after I got off the phone with you.
H-H-H-H-How? Nomiya-san, how did you...
Oh, I wonder why...
I know.
I mean, I've be watching you all this time.
You just didn't notice because you were always looking at Mayama.
Yamada-san...
The guy that you're in love with is going to go far away with another woman.
Even so, I'm not going to say anything.
I bet you still have a lot of crying to do...
Once you're crushed, I'll show up with an understanding expression and listen to what you have to say.
You must've cried your heart out already...
I just want to speak kind words to you and caution you a little.
But you still need to cry even more...
And you'll come to be by my side.
But you'll probably choose to cry...
Somewhere far away, where I can't console you...
All alone.
It was a lot of fun!
And you bought me so many souvenirs...
Thank you so much.
I'm glad that I saw the sand dunes.
They were beautiful.
I'm starting to feel better, so I'll do my best!
Nomiya-san, please watch out for your health and do your best at work.
Um, well then.
Yamada-san.
When you feel helpless, please call me.
S-Sure.
But why are you saying that?
Why?
It's because I'm in love with you!
The train on platform 4 is departing.
Please be careful of the closing doors.
What am I being all honest for?
Nomiya...
This is the pits...
Please wait a moment (processing capacity exceeded)
Nomiya, I'm incredibly moved right now!
Nomiya Takumi - re-equipped with the suit of adolescence!!
We're going to drink the night away!
All hands, return to Kanto, dammit!
Don't lose sight of her, dammit!
Return at once, dammit!
We're calling for backup, dammit!
The princess is in a pinch, dammit!
arifurete iru kimochi nante sa
It would be so much easier...
nanimo iwazu ni isso kieteshimaeba
raku ni nareru no ni
sorezore no michi wo yuku sono wakaremichi
At the crossroads where we split ways...
mou nidoto au koto no nai deai wa kanashisugiru
tarinai kimochi wo mochiyotte
Despite adding the emotions that are lacking...
atatameta saki kara hieteitte
sonna hazu naitte shinjiteru
ittai itsumade onaji kotoba wo kakaekondenda
Just how long am I going to brood over the same word?
kakekondenda
How long...?
Next episode: I won't let you go anywhere.
