OP
Episode
ED
C Part
Hateful feelings.
Hurtful feelings.
Unforgivable feelings.
To face ones own feelings is akin to throwing oneself into a bottomless pit,
or setting sail on an endless sea.
You must not look there.
You must not think about it.
Though you search your soul on the dark, heaving waves, you must never look in that place.
The blue moon illuminated
your wandering shadow.
I could never tell you all I wanted to say.
It was so very frustrating.
I think about your faked smile,
and forget all the hot tears we shed.
What do these empty husks,
those empty eyes of yours, reflect, my dear?
The transient quarter moon
hides in a rift in the clouds,
as darkness seeps up from the ground.
Tell me the truth, please.
Are you so despondent
that you still sit alone, sighing?
Finale
Genkei-sama,
are you saying that your sister was sealed in here, fifty years ago,
and still wanders aimlessly across the sea?
As I thought!
The Dragons Triangle itself is a Mononoke, born from the malice contained within this Utsurobune.
But isnt that the Mononokes Truth?
Then we should open the Utsurobune,
and give her a proper funeral, thus allowing our ship to escape this wretched sea.
YYou want to open it?
Thats simply too frightening to contemplate!
But shes been trapped in there for fifty years!
She must want to get out. I would.
Im afraid! Afraid!
No-one could stay alive in there for long.
If shes been dead for fifty years, then her body would have rotted away!
All the more reason for us to save Genkei-donos unfortunate sister.
Certainly, this is the monks most noble calling.
Can I convince you not to?
Should we really open it?
If you do not wish to roam this sea forever as a Mononoke, then yes.
Why would I want to become a Mononoke?
Besides, didnt you come here in order to put those whove become Mononoke to rest?
Well then, here we go!
Heave, ho!
This is harder than I thought.
Stop watching and come help us, Mr. Medicine Seller!
All right, once more!
Heave, ho!
I see.
Heave, ho!
Well then.
Everyone, watch out!
Why dont you ever say when youre going to do that?
Here it comes!
Oyou and I were born on a small island not far from here.
Our parents died at sea while we were still young.
She and I lived together, and there were no other children our age around, so we were always together.
We got along so well.
Indeed, perhaps we got along too well.
When I was fifteen, I entered the monastery.
It was the tradition on that island,
and Oyou and I were compelled to follow it.
Brother.
Oyou.
His sister
His sister
Shes completely gone. Neither
Oyou.
hide nor hair of her to be seen.
Oyou!
From then on, I took on the name of Genkei.
I left the island, and undertook the most intense form of purification training.
Many could not stand the training, and dropped out.
I bore through it.
More than once, I wanted to forget about Oyou entirely,
Genkei-sama.
but she thought about me every single day.
So many goldfish!
She prayed constantly for me to become a good monk.
I knew, though, that as brother and sister,
we could never be joined together.
I was certain that Oyou was in he
It would seem that your sister did not become
a Mononoke.
Then, what exactly is the Truth behind this Mononoke?
It is measuring our distance from the Mononoke again?
It is not merely measuring.
I have sent it to show us
the Mononokes Truth.
Will you tell me, now,
what the connection is between your sister and this Utsurobune from fifty years ago?
The scale is going to bring the Truth to light?
The scale is going to bring the Truth to light?
The Buddhist path strays far from the path of flesh.
How I dreamed of being together with Oyou.
Even so, I chose to continue my training.
What then?
I know not whether it was to purify myself,
or merely to escape the source of my impure thoughts.
Surely that was the true reason?
I was afraid.
I was so frightened.
I wanted to be with Oyou, though we could never be married.
That was my wish.
However,
even Oyou would one day be married.
She had to be.
I did not want to accept it.
When I thought of it, I felt my mind turn to terrible, unbearable thoughts.
I was terrified.
Genkei-sama, had I but known your soul had become so impure!
It did not become that way.
My soul was always impure, Sougen.
I am so sorry you had to have a teacher like me.
But, why did Oyou-san board the Utsurobune?
Well,
you see
Five years after I had started my training,
the Dragons Triangle had gained notoriety,
even before the Ayakashi,
for it had claimed many, many ships.
That very autumn, more than half of the islands ships were sunk.
I heard of this in writings from my home, and became convinced it was tied to my own fortunes.
They did not write explicitly that they would conduct a sacrifice to appease the sea,
but I could tell that many wished for it.
I thought to sacrifice myself, rather than continue running in fear of my very nature.
The people of the island wished for it, and it would certainly have been easier.
The islanders heard of my decision, and built an Utsurobune.
Utsurobune
So, that was where the Utsurobune was launched.
In that case, though, should you not be inside the Utsurobune, Genkei-dono?
How did it come to be that Oyou-san replaced you?
The islanders built a beautiful ship indeed.
This very same Utsurobune.
When it was first built, it was a work of art indeed.
On the morning I was to board the ship, I was reunited with Oyou.
She was a gorgeous young woman of sixteen years.
Perhaps I should never have seen her.
At any rate, though, I could not board the Utsurobune after that.
I became so afraid.
I realized that I could never ride the Utsurobune,
and so gain enlightenment.
Oyou mistook my fear and cowardice for kindness.
I knew better than anyone that I was unworthy of her pity.
The time of the ships departure was imminent, though.
The islanders demanded that I be sacrificed.
Then, Oyou said,
I will board the Utsurobune in your place, my brother.”
Of course, I told her I could not allow that.
After preparations were complete for the ships launch, Oyou spoke to me again.
If I cannot be married to you, Brother, then I will go unmarried to my death.
While you were away training, I dreamt of you every day, Brother.
If it means the end to this unbearable pain, I will gladly set forth in the Utsurobune.
Good grief!
I could not believe it.
Oyou and I were thinking the same thing, all that time.
After she told me, we should have entered the Utsurobune together.
I was simply too afraid.
I ran from my homeland.
In my mind, I reached out for Oyou and told her that we would be together soon.
I did not even have the courage to take my own life, though.
I ran all the way to the monastery at Mount Fuji, where I completed my training.
My training was renowned as the strictest in the world,
but for fifty years, I continued to think about Oyou.
And so, Oyou-san rode the Utsurobune,
and became a Mononoke after fifty years of travel.
Poor Oyou-san!
Wrong.
Wrong? What is?
It was not Oyou-sans malice that brought forth the Mononoke on this sea.
That is not
the Truth.
Genkei-dono,
that eye that you are hiding
What?
What happened to it?
It has been watching all this time.
What are you talking about?
You feared Oyou-san. You feared your own heart.
Genkei-samas eye is right
Fear gave rise to fear, and soon they became a shadow, dark beyond human understanding.
It separated from you, and wandered the seas.
Genkei-sama!
The Truth is
you!
IIs that what I have been afraid of for the past fifty years?
Then, Oyou Where is Oyou?
She did not become a Mononoke, but rather became one with the sea,
after willingly sacrificing herself.
The Umi Bozu is a part of you that youve kept hidden and contained all this time.
Separate!
Let me ask you, Genkei-dono
To kill this Mononoke would mean killing your very soul.
It would mean the return of your real feelings,
those which caused your soul to split in two, those which you have always denied.
I ask you, do you still wish this?
Brother, Im so glad to see you!
Ive been promoted.
I should really keep advancing, and live a prosperous life as a monk,
I will happily board the Utsurobune in your place.
not throw it all away.
Im so sorry!
Im saved! Is she an idiot?
Before I take your place, I wish only one thing.
What is it? Money?
I dont have any.
I have always wanted to be with you.
If I cannot be married to you, Brother, then I will go unmarried to my death.
I feel so relieved, oddly enough.
My sister confessed her love to me.
I did not really ever love my sister.
I was such a fool.
I knew nothing at all.
Not even the joy of being loved.
It took me a long time indeed to feel it.
I beg of you.
Kill it.
Understood.
Release!
Release.
I am free!
Genkei-sama
Hell be fine. Hes breathing.
He was actually quite handsome.
He looks like hes smiling.
Brother.
Oyou?
Without you, I just cant smile.
I walk this banal town,
feeling such intense emotions.
I know that if I could treasure them and live on,
I would need nothing else.
The summer flowers that bloomed in the sky
Come falling down, dancing in the wind.
I can barely recall the night sky
where they all came tumbling down,
so what I can still recall is all the more precious.
Thank you for everything.
I will never forget you.
I will never forget you.
The End
