There are several rules you must follow while traveling outside of Luna Nova.
Just because you will not be on campus does not mean you may forget your status as students.
Act with dignity and virtue at all times!
You must be noble and upright at all times.
So it's all about eating for you, Akko?
Akko, you just want to eat food?
First, do not take any action that would not befit the pride of a Luna Nova student.
You are not in the position to take responsibility for causing an issue of that sort.
If you cause an incident, you would not have the proper means to take responsibility.
It's a long boot I bought by mail order.
Look, these poor students all look like you've been lecturing them since the second century.
See, all of the poor students look like you've been lecturing them since the second century.
Say, would you look at this, Professor Ursula? Try it on, I'm certain it will look becoming on you.
Say, isn't this interesting, Professor Ursula?
Try it on, I'm certain it will look becoming on you.
No, I'm...
Well...
Ah no, no, no, I'm afraid it is not.
No, no, no, no it is not.
An amulet must be something with emotional value.
Do you understand? It's a charm that will get you home safely.
Just the thought of it should be enough to compel you to return.
I thought we were going to the city! We only ended up here because you said it was a shortcut.
You can only find these grave blushers growing in cemeteries.
Ew, that's gross looking!
So creepy... feels like a ghost is about to pop up.
How creepy, it feels like a ghost might appear.
Besides, the graves weren't even fixed.
You insult me! I could outrun one of them any day of the week!
I'll have that scum caught before he knows it!
Witches? I see now.
What a pleasant surprise! You witches brought me back to life.
Who was I while alive? I can't remember a single thing.
And it's pointless trying to remember now!
Being reanimated is more than enough.
How's my body? I've got two legs, two arms, and a head.
I'll slice him in two like I did to this tomb!
Now, it's time for revenge, revenge!
What did this happen?
Your magic and Sucy's mushroom must've meshed to make him rise from his grave!
You mean we revived some dead guy? Isn't that a super bad thing?
You mean we revived a dead guy? Isn't that the super bad thing?
Fohraen Mugrowna!
Well if it isn't the witch girls.
I'll remember once I get a good look. Could it be him?
You are already dead!
You're already dead.
Handle this somehow.
Th...
That's was our street performance!
What you see here is a miracle witnessed only once in a thousand years!
Witness here a miracle seen only once in a millennium!
A medieval swordsman, back from the afterlife to strike down his archenemy!
A knight from the Middle Ages has come back from the afterlife to strike down his archnemesis!
And on your right is the witch girl!
In pursuit of this man, she as well climbed out of the depths of hell to break his curse.
She followed this man out of the depths of hell in order to break his curse!
Want to hear how the story goes on? Then leave us your wish, neatly folded up, in that hat!
If you can't wait to hear more, please fold up your wishes and put them in this hat.
Come here, bub!
Lad, aye? Learn your place, whippersnappers!
Did you just call me bub? Learn your place, you brats!
Let her go, bub!
You called me it again!
Seriously, shut up!
Keep it up, pal!
You're a bunch of smarmy thieves!
I remembered! Caliban Road, number three!
Oh, come on!
Easier to bring him back to the graveyard, now.
Except his head.
Witches are the symbol of wisdom, the pride of humanity! That's common sense.
That shop took in everything that used to be here.
That's why we accepted everything they owned.
We accepted everything they owned.
Caliban Road, number three!
No it is not!
After he send Miranda off to school, he never saw her again!
It could be anywhere after all this time.
This view makes all of my worries feel so small.
She used to play here all the time! That's why when her enrollment was decided,
That's why, when her enrollment was decided,
I turned it into a magic staff that could be used as her amulet so she would never feel homesick!
I'm starting to cry!
Look Mama. It's Papa.
Reagla Bierre!
Thank you, witches!
Not only did you use magic outside school grounds, you brought the dead back to life. It's inexcusable!
As punishment, you will overhaul all of the brooms in the equipment repair room.
As punishment, you will repair all of the brooms in the equipment repair room.
We'll never be able to finish this!
I thought she was being nice, but it was the opposite!
That means witches had to do everything. It sounds like a pain.
Stop that, you two!
Listen up!
There are several rules you must adhere to while traveling outside of Luna Nova.
Do not even for a second think that you may disregard your duties as students once you are off the campus.
I can't wait!
Let's go eat pie, and cake, and parfaits too!
Act with dignity and virtue at all times.
Akko, your head is full of food.
Miss Kagari!
Yes?
First, abstain from any activity that would ill befit the pride of a Luna Nova student.
Second, do not use any magic.
You are not in a position to take responsibility for causing an issue.
Professor Finneran.
Headmistress?!
Take a look at this.
It's a long boot I bought through mail order.
You can even wear it as a hat!
Please keep silent!
Goodness, no need to be so stiff.
See, these poor students all look like you've been lecturing them since the second century.
I feel so bad for them.
Headmistress!
Say, would you look at this, Professor Ursula?
Try it on, I'm certain it will look becoming on you.
No, I'm...
Well...
Now then, everyone. Have you each brought an item to use as your amulet?
Yes.
Oh, I forgot.
This is good enough.
Ah no, no, no, I'm afraid it's not.
Headmistress!
An amulet must carry emotional value.
Do you understand? It's a charm to get you home safely.
You leave it at the place you call home.
For the record, this is mine.
A staff?
Just the thought of it should be compelling enough for you to return.
Now then, girls. Show me what you've prepared.
Don't you have something you never let go of?
Huh?
No way!
Here where our long journey has finally led us
Here where our long journey has finally led us
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
We can push open the door
We can push open the door
fureta tobira hiraite
fureta tobira hiraite
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
Pick up the pieces with a song
Pick up the pieces with a song
hiroiatsume utau yo
hiroiatsume utau yo
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
And envelop the night
And envelop the night
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
Cast a magic spell
Cast a magic spell
mahou kakete
mahou kakete
And start to dance
And start to dance
odoridasu
odoridasu
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
The world will keep on turning
The world will keep on turning
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
Wait, where are we?
Isn't it obvious?
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
I thought we were going to the city! I only followed you because you said this was a shortcut.
There's my mushroom.
These grave blushers can only be found growing in cemeteries.
What's up with that? Sounds gross.
So creepy... it feels like a ghost might appear.
A ghost?
Ouch...
Oh no, we might get cursed!
Cursed?!
Doesn't it just feel like we will?
Ah, I've got it!
Ta-da! Restoration magic dust!
Professor Ursula taught me how to use it, so I should be able to do something.
You can't! We were even told specifically not to use magic outside of school!
Nobody's gonna find out if we use it here.
But what if something happens?
You're such a worrywart, Lotte.
But Akko!
All right!
Here I go!
Sosomme Tidiare!
What're you doing, Sucy?!
That was your fault.
Besides, it didn't fix the graves at all.
Huh?
Akko!
A corpse.
It's a curse!
A cur?
You insult me! No cur's faster than me, try as they might!
That scum won't even see me coming!
That dreadful, foolish coward!
What?
Witches? I understand!
Aye, such a pleasant surprise. You witchfolk brought me back to life!
Who?
Who? You mean me? I'm...
Who am I?
Who was I while alive? I can't remember a single thing!
And there's no point in trying to remember now!
Being back to life is plenty fine for me!
So how's my body? I've got two legs, two arms, and a head.
I have no hat! Where's my hat?!
Ah, there it is.
I'll slice him in two, like I did with this tomb!
The time for my revenge has come! Revenge!
Wh-What just happened?
Is this okay?
You letting it go.
S-Stop!
How did this even happen?
Your magic and Sucy's mushroom must've blended together to make him rise from his grave!
You mean we revived some dead guy? Isn't that the super bad thing?
Foraen Mugrowna!
Got him!
It's no good, my battery ran out.
Come on...
And hey, why aren't you running, Sucy?
I figured we could just leave him be.
The grave blusher's effect should wear off by sundown.
Really?
But he could still attack someone before that happens.
What's the punishment for bringing the dead back to life again?
The most agonizing and scary thing you can imagine?
It will be one hundred times as terrible as that.
No, no, no, no!
Wh-Wh-Wh-What should we do?!
We've gotta catch him quick!
Why's a dead guy gotta be so fast?
Over there!
Is it you?! Is it you?! Is it you?! Is it you?!
You're kidding...
Is it you?!
Or you?!
W-W-W-We have to stop him!
Is it you?!
S-Stop!
What are you doing?!
Well, if it isn't the young witch ladies!
Don't interfere! This might be the man I'm looking for!
Might? You don't even know what he looks like?
I'll remember once I get a good look. Aye, could that be him?!
Hold it!
Stop!
That could've killed me!
You're already dead!
I'm begging you, go back to your grave!
If anyone finds out about you, we'll be sent to hell next!
Revenge is more important!
We're the ones who brought you back! The least you could do is listen to us!
Akko!
Do something about this.
Er...
And that was our street performance!
Yes, it was all an act!
Everyone gather round, don't be shy!
Wait, Akko!
What you see here is a miracle witnessed only once a millennium!
A medieval knight, back from the afterlife to strike down his archenemy!
And on your right, a witch girl!
In pursuit of this man, she too climbed out of the depths of hell to break his curse.
Want to hear where the story goes? Then leave us your wish, neatly folded up, in our hat!
Thank you, everyone! You're too kind!
Wait, what? Where's the old guy?
Where now?!
If I'm looking for trash, I should search the garbage!
How could I not have realized before?!
What are you doing?
Stop that at once!
Officers, please wait! It's not what you think!
Then what exactly is it?
Look at his suspicious actions!
He's scavenging through garbage!
The citizens are afraid!
Th-That part may be true...
Come here, lad!
Get in the car!
Lad, you say? Learn your place, whippersnappers!
Keep quiet, old man!
Throw down your weapon!
Let her go, lad!
There you go again with
Seriously, shut up!
You're under arrest!
Please wait!
Grandpa is a pirate!
Grandpa's a legendary pirate, so he has to open every box he finds to check if there's treasure inside!
Huh?
That's how it is!
Fine, we get it.
He's your grandfather, is he?
Yes.
Tell him to refrain at once.
Can you do that?
Yes...
Take care of it.
Yes!
They're finally gone...
Wait, where'd he go?
Sucy's gone too!
That way!
It's definitely his doing!
Nice one!
Keep it up, mate!
You folks are a bunch of smarmy thieves is what you are!
Hey, Sucy!
Oh, you finally made it.
Don't give me that!
Anyway, this guy's a riot.
Remember anything?
Not a thing!
It should be somewhere in this noggin...
They'll forget all about this in two hours.
Sucy!
Sucy...
I remembered! Three, Caliban Road!
Not again!
Oh, come on!
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Old man, wait up!
Akko, look out!
Miss!
No way...
It'll be easier to bring him to the graveyard now.
H-He's fixed!
Where's his head?
I'm over here!
Hey!
I'm down here!
Got you!
Miss, are you injured? No? Good then.
Now excuse me!
Wait!
Why did you save me?
Because you're a witch.
Huh?
Witches are a symbol of wisdom, the pride of humanity! That's common sense.
I'm in a rush, so farewell!
Just a minute! Wait, what are you talking about?
I've got no time! I must find that man's house on Caliban Road!
There it is!
Wait, old man!
This is his house!
It's definitely not! Stop it already!
Let me see for myself.
You there.
Are you acquainted with the master of the house that once stood there?
That shop over there salvaged all that remained of it.
What?
The magic item cafe?
Why here?
It was a mansion from the golden age of magic.
That's why we acquired everything they owned.
The golden age of magic? What's that?
Do you actually pay attention in class?
It was about two hundred years ago.
The era after the witch hunts up until the industrial revolution.
There were no machines, so people relied on magic for everything.
That sounds great.
We already learned about it in magic history.
I wouldn't mind buying that military uniform too.
Oh, it's this man!
Huh?!
It's him and his wife and child! His name was...
Three, Caliban Road!
That's the address we were just at.
Huh? What's this?
It's from Luna Nova.
Dear Miss Miranda.
Who's Miranda?
It's this girl!
Right, this girl is Miranda!
This man brought misfortune onto her!
He was a normal human, but he fell in love with a witch and eloped!
How romantic.
Not in the slightest!
His wife passed away shortly after giving birth to Miranda, and he made a vow to her family!
That he would...
Raise her into a proper witch!
You okay?
That sound!
Th-Thanks for the help!
Where's the bell?!
What?
He was the bell ringer!
This way!
He broke his vow!
After he sent Miranda off to school, he never saw her again!
He left her all alone!
That's awful!
Yes, he was!
That's why I cannot forgive him!
I won't! I'll never forgive him!
Such a cute picture.
Shiny Rod
With one swirl of her staff above her head, she gathered light to make the sun and moon. Droplets of magic expanded into the stars and Milky Way.
With one swirl of her staff above her head, she gathered light to make the sun and moon. Droplets of magic expanded into the stars and Milky Way.
Seeing everyone's idol brings back memories.
What about your amulet?
What about it?
Where is the rest of it?
Who knows?
I wonder if it still exists.
It could be anywhere, after all this time.
That's it for today.
Shall we take a stroll outside?
Show your face, you wretched toad!
This view makes all of my worries feel trivial.
Like how you're bound for the underworld?
I wonder if this bell is out of use.
Huh? It's missing that thing inside.
The rod that rings the bell. Look
Ow...
Akko, are you okay?
That's it!
That's right, that's right, that's right!
Old man?
That's it!
That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it! That's it!
Hey, what?!
What's wrong?!
I'm a fool!
A stupid, dimwitted, heartless coward!
That man was me!
What?!
The man I detested was myself!
You're kidding!
Miranda was my daughter!
She used to play here all the time!
That's why when her enrollment was decided,
I made her a staff out of the bell's tongue!
I turned it into a magic staff that could double as an amulet, all so she would never feel homesick!
Wait...
But then I went and died...
The tears are starting to flow!
Those aren't tears. Also, it's green.
You surprised me!
The headmistress! Miranda is the headmistress!
I saw it on her staff!
Really?
Her staff has the same symbol on it.
I'm sure of it! Probably, for sure!
Let's go to Luna Nova!
But...
I'm the one who brought you back to life! I won't let you die in vain!
We'll never make it in time.
No, we can! I'll get us back!
I don't believe it.
Akko, what are you
Please! Sosomme Tidiare!
There!
Look out!
I thought I was going to die...
Headmistress, look
Miranda...
Look, Mama. It's Papa.
Or at least his skeleton.
I'm still younger than you are!
Nobody can tell without your flesh.
Gosh, you're right!
Say, there's something I want to tell you before you die again.
I've never resented you, not even once.
After working hard on my magic, I even became the headmistress.
Headmistress? That's marvelous!
See? You kept your promise.
Rihgulla Bierre!
Regrettably, it seems I'm out of time.
So it seems.
You girls let me have a wonderful day today!
Thank you, young witch ladies!
Farewell. Let us meet again someday.
Blessings upon the future of witches!
He's gone.
I think I just inhaled some old man dust.
Sucy...
Miss Kagari, Miss Jansson, Miss Manbavaran.
Not only did you use magic outside school grounds, you also brought the dead back to life. It's inexcusable!
Do you understand what must be done?
As punishment, you will restore all of the brooms in the equipment repair room.
That's all?
You are still in the middle of your training.
I expect each of you to reflect and repent on what you have done.
Am I clear?
Yes!
There's just no end to them!
Move your hands, not your mouth.
I was so wrong when I thought she was being nice!
It's hard! My hands are falling off!
I can't believe there were this many broken brooms.
Hey, why don't we use restoration magic?
Absolutely not.
Anyway, I sure wish I could've lived in the golden age of magic.
Wouldn't it be wonderful to use magic for everything?
That means witches had to do everything. Sounds like a pain.
I like the times we live in too.
Even with scientific developments everywhere, there are still things only magic can be used for.
There it is, the honor student view.
You two are just boring.
A world filled with magic would be way more fun!
Not compared to how fun a world filled with mushrooms would be.
Magic is better!
Mushrooms!
Magic!
Stop that, you two!
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
