Are you really okay with making such a discussion just like that?
Are you really okay with deciding this so easily?
As I have already said, you have no business speaking up. The matter is settled.
As you insinuated, Kagari Atsuko is an outsider.
Yet despite that, she traveled a long distance simply to speak with you.
Diana, think it through! Aren't there any things you've left undone at Luna Nova?
There are none.
There is not.
The family's patron beast, the white unicorn, indicates it with its horn
When the Gem of Venus obscures the horn's radiance,
When the Gem of Venus conceals the horn's radiance,
the seal on the shine will be unleashed, allowing she who swears upon the ancestors' souls to become the family head.
It's when Venus, in its orbit, aligns with the Moon and disappears for a short time.
It's when the orbit of Venus aligns with the Moon, hiding it for a short time.
She cannot let today's opportunity escape.
These are... Aunt's snakes!
What a piddling effort.
You're no more than a child without your magic.
Leaving the moment any business he has is over?
Diana isn't the type of person to act on a whim or with no reason.
Diana isn't the type of person to act randomly or without reason.
Her choice this time must be the result of deep consideration.
Plus, her stubbornness won't let her go back on her word anyway.
Plus, she's stubborn enough not to go back on her word.
Isn't there really only one way to go about this? You will have to respect her feelings.
Isn't there only one option available? You have to respect her feelings.
But I still can't accept it. Something's wrong with Diana just quitting school!
Isn't this just your own selfish desires speaking?
Isn't that just your own desire speaking?
But I can tell that Diana doesn't want to quit school.
Even if she can't tell anyone...
There's no way she came to Luna Nova without intending to graduate.
Why would she just drop out?
But Diana wouldn't have come to Luna Nova for no reason!
You say she could do everything from the start?
I'm not surprised you think that.
There was a time when Diana become completely unable to use magic.
It was back when she was a child. I'm not so sure of the details myself.
All her time was devoted wholeheartedly to the practice of magic.
You were right.
There was likely something she wanted to accomplish.
But still...
Wait, Meryl! Come back.
Wait, come back Meryl.
Is this really okay? Mama told us to wait in our room.
Is this okay? Mama told us to wait in our room.
She's going up against Diana, Maryl.
I'm worried about her going alone.
So how did it go?
It took no more than a piddling effort.
Yeah, she might be able to break through any light magic.
Forget about performing the ritualDiana will run out of time before she even reaches the shrine.
I am already anxious to see the look on her arrogant little face come tomorrow morning.
I can hardly wait to see the look on her arrogant little face tomorrow morning.
Wh-Why have you returned so late at night?
Please, Diana's in trouble! Let me in!
She did something to prevent Diana from doing the ritual.
It's past this door, isn't it?
So let me through, please!
Please let me through!
I cannot. It is our custom that only those of Cavendish lineage may pass through.
This is not the time for that stuff! Something bad might be happening to Diana as we speak!
It's not the time for that stuff! Something might be happening to Diana as we speak!
This is an emergency. It'll be too late if Diana really has been stopped!
That's got nothing on Sucy's!
It's nothing compared to Sucy's!
I see there are no limits to your absurdity.
Really, every time I feel as though I've grown accustomed to you...
Honestly, every time I feel as though I'm used to you...
Besides, weren't you attempting to prevent me from performing the ritual?
You hold no responsibility in the matter.
Because there were those who did not agree with us, we created this hidden location.
The 1500 year long history of the Cavendish line.
These books contain the culmination of my predecessors' research about countless forms of healing magic.
Many of them have unfortunately become obsolete with the development of the medical sciences.
The Cavendish foremother, Beatrix the witch.
She also created our founding motto of affection.
My mother Bernadette worked hard to ensure that stayed the same.
She had a weak constitution, and after years of pushing herself, she passed away.
She had a weak constitution, and passed away young after years of pushing herself.
Don't give up! You can still protect this hosue!
You can't say that until you go, until you try!
There must be a way!
You just can't give up on a dream that's so important to you!
So you can't give up on such an important dream!
If someone can do it, it's you!
You of all people can!
A saying that has been passed down throughout the generations.
It's a saying passed down throughout the generations.
Is that the fifth Word that's related to history?
Traditional and modern powers... and a gate to the unknown.
Is that the ritual shrine?
Is this the horrific calamity befalls those who disturb the ritual?
Does this mean... the time is now?
Could it be... Is that the time?
Ennoir Fiendinoir!
At the very end, I decided to abandon it.
I would also like to suggest you return to Luna Nova.
And I also ask that you return to Luna Nova.
So please, follow the path that you yourself wish for.
That part of her is identical to Sister.
I will absolutely not say it!
Hey, hold on!
Just wait, Diana! I said I couldn't accept this!
Please talk to me!
Are you really okay with making a decision just like that?
Won't you regret it?
As I have already said, this is of no concern to you. The matter is settled.
But
You are right in that Kagari Atsuko is an outsider.
Despite that, she traveled a long distance simply to speak with you.
Can you not at least hear her out?
There is no time for that.
Diana, think it through! Isn't there anything you've left undone at Luna Nova?
Not even one.
Take action!
Take action!
Raise your hands!
Raise your hands!
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
So off I go!
kimeta yo
So off I go!
kimeta yo
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
It's showtime!
It's showtime!
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Only those of Cavendish blood are permitted to enter the shrine.
She said there was no time left. Is there some reason she has to hurry?
Allow me to explain.
It manifests in the glow of the horn adorning the family's patron beast, the white unicorn.
When the Gem of Venus's radiance is obscured,
the seal on the shrine is undone, allowing she who swears upon her ancestors' souls to become the family head.
The Gem of Venus?
It likely refers to the planet.
That's right, today is the Venusian eclipse.
Venusian eclipse?
It's when Venus disappears for a short time due to passing behind the moon.
And that's tonight?
Yes.
This event occurs only once every several years.
She cannot let today's opportunity pass by.
Louperial Ral!
These snakes... they're my aunt's!
That took hardly any effort.
Without your magic, you're no more than a child.
Did I not say it was premature for you to become the family head?
Make yourself comfortable in there.
Up and leaving the moment his business is over?
My father is far too impatient.
Thinking about Diana?
Why do you want to take her back with you?
You didn't appear to get along all that well.
It's not like we're friends or anything...
Diana isn't the type of person to act on a whim or without reason.
This choice of hers must have come after thorough deliberation.
I think so too, but...
Plus, her stubbornness won't allow her to go back on her word.
Isn't there only one reasonable option? You have to respect her feelings.
That's not it!
Everything you said was right.
But I still can't accept it! Something's wrong with Diana just quitting school!
Isn't that just your own selfish desires speaking?
Maybe it is...
But I can tell that Diana doesn't want to quit school.
Even if she won't talk to anyone about it...
How can you tell?
Didn't you say it yourself? Diana would never abandon something halfway through.
There's no way she came to Luna Nova without wanting to graduate.
So why would she just go and drop out?
That's...
Sure, Diana could do everything from the start, and maybe there wasn't anything left for her to learn.
But Diana wouldn't have come to Luna Nova if she didn't have a reason!
She was researching the Words and Grand Triskelion...
There must be at least one thing she wanted to accomplish!
Something important to her!
You said she could do everything from the start?
I'm not surprised you would think that.
There was a time when Diana became completely unable to use magic.
Huh?
It was back when we were children. I'm not so sure of the details myself.
All the adults were talking about how Diana might never use magic again.
But now...
Right, she never gave up.
She forewent playing with the children her age.
All her time was wholeheartedly devoted to the practice of magic.
Not even I know what lit such a passion in her.
I never would've guessed...
You were right about one thing.
There must've been something she wanted to accomplish.
Though once she completes the ritual, she'll be the Cavendish family head.
It's a road she alone can take, and she's elected to do so.
That doesn't mean...
Wait, Meryl! Come back!
Are you sure about this? Mama told us to wait in our room.
But she's going up against Diana, Maryl.
Damn!
I'm worried about her being alone.
Well, so am I...
I hate that girl.
She's not the slightest bit lovable.
If someone had to do it, I would've.
There's no way you could beat Diana, Meryl.
I know that!
Mama!
Goodness, didn't I tell you two to wait in your room?
I couldn't stand being cooped up in there!
So, how did it go?
It took me hardly any effort, of course.
Wow, Mama!
But Mama, don't forget what Diana's like.
Yeah, she should still be able to break through lesser magic.
Don't you worry. Nobody can escape the grip of my snakes.
Forget about performing the ritualDiana will run out of time before she even reaches the shrine.
I'm already anxious to see the look on her arrogant little face come tomorrow morning.
Wh-Why did you return this late at night?
Please, Diana's in trouble! You need to let me in!
What? What ridiculous
It's the truth.
L-Lord Andrew?
We overheard Daryl speaking with her daughters.
She did something to prevent Diana from performing the ritual.
Madam Daryl did?
She said Diana wouldn't even be able to reach the shrine.
It's just past this door, isn't it?
You have to let me through!
I cannot. It is our custom that only members of the House of Cavendish may pass.
This isn't the time for that stuff! Something bad might be happening to Diana as we speak!
This is an emergency. If they really stopped Diana, it'll soon be too late!
H-However, it is said that a horrific calamity will befall those who disturb the ritual!
Open...!
I'll help!
You wait here, Andrew.
But
I'm a witch too, you know. I'm strong against calamities.
I promise to bring Diana back.
Got it.
I've changed my mind! The customs
Customs are made to be broken!
Metamorphie Faciesse!
Over there...
Diana!
Metamorphie Faciesse!
How's that?!
Diana!
Are you okay?!
Ow ow ow!
You call that poison?
It's got nothing on Sucy's!
Metamorphie Faciesse!
Akko!
Akko... Akko!
Have you awakened?
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Diana...
I see there are simply no limits to your absurdity.
I was trying to save you...
I understand.
Honestly, every time I feel as though I've grown accustomed to you...
You continue to astonish me in unexpected ways.
Diana, what about the ritual?!
Even if I left for the shrine now, the Venusian eclipse would be long over.
What? No, it can't be...
Why didn't you leave me behind?
Isn't this the whole reason you're here? So why?!
I couldn't possibly leave you to deal with your injuries.
Besides, weren't you attempting to persuade me to not perform the ritual?
I mean, I was...
Sorry, this is all my fault.
You hold no responsibility in this matter.
I was simply not adequate.
Um, Diana, where are we?
This room was once used as a secret hospital.
It began in the Middle Ages and lasted through the previous war.
Whenever wars occurred in the vicinity, my ancestors would treat the wounded with their magic.
Without discriminating between citizen and soldier, nor discriminating between ally or foe.
Even their enemies?
No matter who they were.
Because there were some who did not agree with us, we created this hidden location.
It's all so much...
What's this?
All 1,500 years of the history of the Cavendish line.
These books represent the culmination of my predecessors' research
about countless forms of healing magic.
Unfortunately, many of them have become obsolete with the advance of the medical sciences.
Isn't she...
One of the Nine Olde Witches?
The Cavendish foremother, Beatrix the Witch.
Her magic saved the lives of innumerable people.
She also created our founding motto, Affection.
We live in a time of peace, and this place has not been used in years.
My mother Bernadette worked hard to ensure it would remain this way.
Your mother?
She had a weak constitution, and after years of pushing herself, she passed away all too soon.
I am truly proud of what my mother and ancestors did, and of the Cavendish name.
That's why...
I wanted to protect it, to preserve this home...
Don't give up! You can still protect this house!
It's already over! There's no chance of making it now
You can't say that until you gountil you try!
There must be a way!
I had no idea you had such a heartfelt dream.
It's amazing! That's a wonderful dream!
You can't just give up on a dream that's so important to you!
Protect what's precious to you!
Akko...
And then come back to school too!
Huh?
You can do bothbe the head and attend school! That's the best option!
No, it would be impossible to
You can do it!
If anyone can do it, it's you!
Believe in yourself and your heart!
Believe in... my heart...
The staff... is a Word nearby?
When traditional and modern powers mingle, the gate to an unseen world will open.
It's a saying that has been passed down throughout the generations.
Is that the fifth Word, the one related to history?
Akko, recite it!
Sybilladura Lelladybura.
Sybilladura.
Sybilladura...
Lelladybura!
Lelladybura!
Oh yeah!
It's Chariot's broom, the Shiny Volley!
Take it, Diana!
Traditional and modern powers... and a gate to the unknown.
Akko, let's go together!
Okay!
Tia Freyre!
Yes!
Diana, that means we made it!
We won't let you go...
Any further than this!
Aeguil!
Is this the ritual shrine?
I said we wouldn't let you go!
Is this the horrific calamity that befalls those who disturb the ritual?
Diana...
Save us!
Save us...
Diana!
Could that be... the remaining time?
We have to hurry! Diana!
Diana? Hey, Diana!
Ennor Fiendennor!
Lady Beatrix?
Diana...
Young Lady.
I was unable to complete the ritual.
At the very end, I made the determination to abandon it.
I do not regret my decision.
Young Lady, please stop pretending as though you've forgotten.
There is no need to be reserved.
Please pursue the dream you have had ever since your childhood.
I must also suggest you return to Luna Nova.
What?
Pardon my rudeness, but you no longer have any reason to stay here.
But
Until you can once again return to the manor, we will protect it in your stead.
So please, follow the path you yourself wish to walk.
Everyone... thank you.
Madam Daryl!
She's too obsessed with her Cavendish pride. What a thoroughly charmless child.
She really is my sister's daughter, in that regard.
But... that may just allow her to revive the Cavendish family one day.
Yes, I'm certain.
Kagari Atsuko, how could you possibly forget this?
I'm so glad I got you to give me a lift home.
Akko.
What's up?
There is one thing that I cannot leave unsaid.
Huh? What now, did I mess up again somehow?!
I must say... I'm grateful for what you did.
No way!
What was that? What did you just say?!
I will not repeat myself.
No, I really couldn't hear! Say it again!
I will not.
Just one more time!
I will absolutely not say it!
Don't be so bashful!
I'll drop you!
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
