My concoction created from the extract of a super rare magic mushroom just barely below the lethal dose,
Drinking this will raise my magic power to its limits.
All of my latent abilities will burst free!
No longer will I have to endure strangers saying hello during my mountain mushroom hunts!
But wait, what if it's a dud?
Better try it on my guinea pig.
Hold on... if this was a success, Akko will become a proper witch.
Better drink it myself.
Let's just go! If we're late, Professor Finneran will lecture us until we're hard as rocks!
I'm exhausted. Magic history is such a bore.
Maybe she slept so hard that she has mushrooms growing out of her bed now.
What if she slept so hard there are mushrooms growing out of her bed?
There's a forest of mushrooms growing around you!
Huh? Not even that's bringing out a reaction.
Huh? She's not reacting to the shrooms.
After our midnight snack party we weren't allowed to leave for the weekend.
And then, when we used summoning magic to order pizza that weekend, we were suspended for the whole week.
And then when we used summoning magic to order pizza during it we were suspended for a week.
Wake up, dammit! If you don't, I'll cook all the mushrooms you have hidden and eat them!
It's a witch-only illness where they fall into a long slumber after casting a spell.
It's a witch-only illness where they fall into a long slumber after a spell is cast.
Okay, You must cast a spell to send a sacrifice inside the afflicted witch.
If the sacrifice is able to waken the sleeping witch within her, the illness will be lifted.
I think the mushrooms are growing!
We need to wake Sucy up as soon as we can!
We need to wake Sucy up ASAP!
If you can't wake her up, make her drink one of these! One of them's an antidote, probably.
If you can't wake her up, make her drink one of these! There's probably an antidote in there somewhere.
Myondemen Hyboute, Myondemen Hyboute, Myondemen Hyboute!
Yay! Good job, Lotte! Bang on target!
What's with this devil Sucy? Ow!
Then that means you're the angel Sucy?
It would be improper to kill her wish such a barbaric instrument.
Yeah, that's right you devil! Sucy will tell you off!
You could say she's the core of our personality. She's the one who's in control of this whole world.
You could say she's our core personality. She's in control of this whole world.
I can't let her! Take me to the original Sucy!
If we assist, will you promise to clean our room, do laundry, buy snacks,
I'll do it! You just want me to promise, right?
So where's the original Sucy?
It'd take you a minute on a broom! Not that you can fly one.
It'd only be a minute on a broom! Not that you can fly one.
Sucy's latent abilities are leaking into the outside worldThat's awesome!
No it's not! The whole school will turn into a mushroom farm.
I need to wake up Sucy at all costs!
Sleeping smack on the road? Wait, is this the original?!
She's sleeping in the road? Wait, is this the original?!
I am awake.
This is Sucy's sloth. She's not the original.
That's the impatient as hell Sucy.
You can find all manners of Sucys inside Sucy.
There are all sorts of Sucy's inside her.
The Sucy who loves mushrooms a little too much.
The Sucy of wrath.
The Sucy of greed.
The easily influenced Sucy.
The quick to imitate Sucy.
The soon to rip-off Sucy.
This is the entertainer Sucy.
Wow, so Sucy has these kind of feelings too.
Animal babies are like so cute, you know? I wanna cuddle them all.
I admire the lifestyle of west coast celebs
Who are those Sucy's?
And why is wanting to read night fall or doting over baby animals deserving of death?!
I knew you were dumb, but I didn't know you were that dumb!
That's executioner Sucy.
Every single one of these Sucy's is the real Sucy!
M-M-M-Mushrooms on my hands!
I must've been hearing things.
But man, that was so nice of me.
If you could ride a broom we'd be there already!
Man, you're a lifesaver. So where are you heading?
Judging by your dress, are you going to a movie?
Yes, today is a six feature of the academy series.
Cool, they've actually got a movie theater here.
Let's make a side trip.
You can't go without a bit of self-reference sometimes.
Just a bit of self-reference. You can't go without it.
You're totally identical!
Oh, the next one is this year's best in film!
I love this scene. It's going to be perpetually played in theaters.
What?! You don't think it's funny?!
It's so funny! It's hilarious!
The Sucy's you didn't let die turned into this unknown creature.
And now its absorbing some unknown magic power in order to make its desires come true.
Now its absorbing some unknown magic power in order to make its desires come true.
We just got renovations. Want to see?
I made the floor nameko color. Isn't it lovely?
It's like my room is in a mushroom. A true mush- room, if you would!
You piss the hell out of me sometimes, but I still like you!
Forgive me Sucy, but I must feed you by mouth.
You're too loud first thing in the morning.
Lotte, lend her your copy.
It was a dream, right...?
Wasn't that just a dream?
It's finally complete.
This concoction, created from the extract of a super rare magic mushroom and just a hair below being a lethal dose
the ultra super energy drink!
Drinking this will take my magic power to its limits.
All of my latent abilities will come bursting out!
Never again will I have to deal with strangers bothering me on my mountain mushroom hunts just to say hello!
All of the poison mushrooms of the world will be under my magic control!
Down the hatch...
But wait, what if I botched it?
Better test it on my guinea pig.
Hold on... if this is the real deal, Akko will become a proper witch.
That would be boring as hell!
Guess I'll drink it myself.
Get up! Wake up, you two!
We'll be late!
Sucy! Come on, Sucy!
Sucy?
Oh crap! First period is magic linguistics!
Hey, Akko. Sucy's not stirring at all.
She probably wanted to cut class, so she ate some mushroom that'll keep her asleep no matter what.
Let's just go! If we're late, Professor Finneran will lecture us until we turn into stone!
Here where our long journey has finally led us
Here where our long journey has finally led us
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
We can push open the door
We can push open the door
fureta tobira hiraite
fureta tobira hiraite
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
Pick up the pieces with a song
Pick up the pieces with a song
hiroiatsume utau yo
hiroiatsume utau yo
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
And envelop the night
And envelop the night
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
Cast a magic spell
Cast a magic spell
mahou kakete
mahou kakete
And start to dance
And start to dance
odoridasu
odoridasu
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
The world will keep on turning
The world will keep on turning
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Ugh, I'm beat. Magic history is such a bore.
I wonder if Sucy's up.
Maybe she slept so hard she has mushrooms growing out of her bed now.
What is this?!
Sucy, this is no time to be asleep!
There's a forest of mushrooms springing up around you!
Huh? She didn't even react to mushrooms.
Sucy?
Is she dead?
She's alive! Thank goodness.
Sucy, stop sleeping!
Wake up, wake up, wake up!
It's no good, she's not waking up! I'll go grab a teacher!
Hold on!
It looks like Sucy was doing some sort of plant experiment.
A plant experiment?!
It's against the rules to perform dangerous experiments in the dorms.
Can't change the past. We'll get yelled at together!
I wonder if that's all that'll happen.
Huh?
When we broke the rules before, we ended up cleaning the troll baths.
After our midnight snack party, we weren't allowed to leave for the weekend.
And then when we used summoning magic to order pizza that day, we were suspended for the whole week.
We might be expelled next time...
Expelled?!
Wake up, dammit! If you don't, I'll cook all the mushrooms you've hidden and eat them!
Tickle tickle tickle tickle!
Crap, she's out like a sack of potatoes!
Take that! And how do you like this!
She might be suffering from Sleeping Witch sickness!
Sleeping Witch?
It's a witch-only illness where they fall into a long slumber due to using magic.
That's what might've happened to her during that plant experiment.
Found it!
Okay, Cast a spell to send a sacrifice inside the afflicted witch.
If the sacrifice is able to waken the sleeping witch from within, the illness will abate.
Use the following incantation to enter the witch.
Cast the spell!
What, no way! I've never cast it before, and it looks like a really hard spell
Ow!
Wait, are the mushrooms still growing?!
We need to wake Sucy up as soon as possible!
I can't cast any magic on you, but you should be able to do it!
Cast the spell, Lotte!
I'll give it a try!
There should be an antidote somewhere on Sucy's medicine shelf.
Antidote, antidote...
If you can't wake her up, make her drink one of these! One of them's probably an antidote.
G-Got it!
Here we go.
Okay.
I offer my sacrifice to the confines of this witch!
Myondemenne Hyboute, Myondemenne Hyboute,
Myondemenne Hyboute!
That hurt!
Lotte!
Yay, good job Lotte! It was a success!
Wow, so this is what's inside Sucy.
Sucy! Sucy! Sucy!
Whoa, it's a parade of mushrooms!
Hey, hey! Where you going, where you going?
Don't run away!
Yeowch!
My name is Sucy! Meeting here must mean it's my fate to kill you!
Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill!
Ow! Ow! Ow!
What's with this devilish Sucy? Ow!
Cease at once, Sucy.
It's you, Sucy!
Huh?
I am Sucy's conscience.
Then that means you're the angelic Sucy?
It would be improper to kill her with such a barbaric instrument.
Did you hear that, you devil? Sucy's telling you off!
If you wish to kill her, use a more tranquil method.
Kill her painfully!
No, you must kill her peacefully.
Don't kill me! I just came to wake Sucy up.
Wake her?
There should be a sleeping Sucy somewhere in this world.
If I don't beat her awake, then Sucy will never wake up!
Could she perhaps mean the original?
Original?
You could say she's the core of our personality. She's the one in control of this whole world.
I suppose her slumber explains why we haven't seen her lately.
Sleep forever!
I can't let that happen! Take me to the original Sucy!
What will you do for us if we oblige?
Huh?
Even if you waken the original, what merit does that impart to us?
Damn straight.
If we assist you, will you promise to clean our room, do our laundry, buy us snacks,
and carry our books to class for the next month?
Huh?
You may refuse if you wish...
I'll do it! You're fine with a promise, right?
Please put your signature on this contract.
If you do not comply, we cannot guarantee your safety.
I can't tell which one of you is the real devil here.
Contract complete!
So, where's the original Sucy?
She lives in Mushroom Hills.
Is that far from here?
Whaway over there?! That's far!
It'd only take a minute by broom! Not that you can fly one.
The outside world is becoming a mushroom forest?
Yeah.
Sucy's latent abilities are leaking into the outside world... Awesome!
No, it's not! The whole school will turn into a mushroom farm.
I need to wake Sucy up at all costs!
Sleeping in the middle of the road? Wait, is this the original?!
Wake up, Sucy! Wake up, wake up!
I am awake.
This is the slothful Sucy inside her. She's not the original.
Walking is such a pain.
It's Akko!
Sucy!
It's Akko! Hello goodbye!
Hello goodbye!
Merry Christmas! We wish you a happy New Year! Happy Halloween!
That was the impatient-as-hell Sucy.
I've never seen Sucy like that before.
The Sucy you normally see is only a tiny part of who she is.
You can find all manner of Sucys inside Sucy.
Who's that?
The Sucy who loves mushrooms a little too much.
The wrathful Sucy.
Sucy's desire to get plastic surgery.
The greedy Sucy.
I want this! I want that!
The easily-influenced Sucy.
The quick-to-imitate Sucy.
The instant-copycat Sucy.
Moron
This is the Sucy who's glad to entertain.
Wow, so Sucy has these kinds of feelings too.
Her idea of entertaining people is way screwed up!
What's that?
It's kinda cute!
That was the Sucy who wishes to spit on everything in the world.
Tell me that sooner!
Are those for me?
Thanks! You're really nice.
Which Sucy are you?
I'm
Freeze!
Move and we'll shoot!
Sucy internal time 00:05.
Suspect detained!
You do not have the right to remain silent.
You also do not have the right to consult an attorney.
You're coming with us!
What? What's going on?! Where are you taking her?!
To the court.
Court?!
Order!
The Sucy court by the Sucy for the Sucy is now in session!
Defendant, come forward.
And you are?
The Sucy who's interested in reading Lotte's night fall series.
Death! Next!
Animal babies are like, so cute, you know? I wanna cuddle them all.
Death! Next!
I admire the lifestyle of West Coast celebs
Death! Next!
I want eyelash extensions.
Death!
Get a boy
Death!
Who are those Sucys?
Tiny feelings that have just begun to sprout inside Sucy.
Those emotional sprouts are destined to be judged.
That's not right...
I'm...
Death!
Objection!
She hasn't said anything yet!
And why is wanting to read night fall or doting on baby animals deserving of death?!
That's just messed up!
And you are?
Kagari Atsuko!
Death!
Ouch!
Death! Death! Death! Death!
Huh?
Wait, what? I get the death penalty?
I'm going to die?!
Death! Death! Death!
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Hey, I was sentenced to death.
Is this for real? Why is this happening?
It was your fault for speaking out.
I knew you were a moron, but I didn't think you were braindead!
Quit throwing insults and make yourself useful for once!
What are you doing?!
I unlocked it!
No way.
Yay, I'm free!
Come on, you escape too.
Huh? What's that sound?
Is that Sucy practicing magic tricks?
That's Sucy the Executioner.
Executioner?!
Practice for the real thing is over.
The real thing?
Oh no!
That's the kind Sucy from earlier!
Wait!
I said to knock it off!
What're you doing? Don't interfere with our work!
You can't just go off killing yourself!
You need to take better care of yourself!
Every single one of these Sucys is the real Sucy!
There, now you're all free!
Freedom is the best! It feels great!
Everyone join in!
Whoo...
With more energy!
It's the best...
Live a good life! Take care!
Whatever happens is on you.
It feels like I've done a good deed.
I've done a good deed...
See, isn't it the best? Mumble mumble...
I hope Akko is okay. Please wake Sucy up soon.
Th-Th-There are mushrooms on my hands!
Why is this happening to me?!
Both of you need to hurry and wake up!
Wake up... wake up...
I must've imagined it.
But man, that was so nice of me!
We've completed so many events that we must be getting close by now, right?
Mushroom Hills is over there.
We haven't made any progress!
If you could ride a broom, we'd be there already!
Let's hitchhike our way there.
There's no way we'll find a
Hey, it worked.
Man, you're a lifesaver. Where are you heading?
Looking at your outfit, you're going to a movie?
Yes, today is a sextuple feature of that academy series.
Wow, so there's actually a movie theater here.
Let's take a quick detour.
Seeing a movie when you're on a mission? How sinful.
You can't go without a bit of meta self-reference sometimes.
Here you are.
Thanks!
It's starting.
Huh? Isn't that our school?
Diana!
This is a movie of Sucy's memories.
It's shown through the lens of her viewpoint.
That means this is how Sucy sees Diana?
What the heck? That's hilarious!
Diana would blow a gasket if she saw this!
Hey, who's that supposed to be?!
A carbon copy of you!
In what way?!
I can't believe she was doing that to me!
Oh, the next one up won this year's Best Film.
This memory...
I love this scene. The theater will never stop showing it.
She remembered it...
Next is the broom race.
We didn't win, but it's become one of my best memories.
Huh? But Diana's team was the one that won...
Huh?
What's going on?!
What is this?!
What are you laughing about?!
It's just so funny!
It's not funny at all! You're not supposed to laugh at this part!
What was that? You don't think it's funny?!
I thought I was dead!
What the heck is that thing?
Humans all live by killing off different parts of themselves.
If everyone lived without killing the parts of them that randomly feel like doing this or that,
the entire world would be filled to the brim with crazies and perverts.
The Sucys you didn't let die turned into this unknown creature.
And now its absorbing some unknown magic power in order to make its desires a reality.
You're kidding...
The world you're seeing now will become real, and she'll become the original.
You mean Sucy will stop being herself?
The only way to stop it is to wake the original.
Hurry!
Hurry!
Where? Where's the original?
I can't tell, so let's just bust in!
Ow!
Excuse me!
Wrong!
Excuse me!
Wrong again!
Dammit! Where are you, Sucy?!
Are you searching for the original?
You know where she is?!
Naturally. I've been here a long time, for at least a decade.
Where is she?
Oh, wait, I meant eleven years.
We just had some renovations done. Want to see?
The floor's now nameko-colored. Isn't it lovely?
It's like my room is inside a mushroom. A true mush- room, if you would!
I'm in a rush! What room is the original in?!
Oh yes, the original's room.
I just went to speak with the original recently.
Just between you and me, there's this weird one with a long neck living here.
It spits wherever it goes, so I asked her to pass on the message to clean up her spit by herself.
It would just make things awkward if I asked her myself.
We're neighbors after all, and I figured the original should be able to handle it.
Want some shimeji?
Where is the original's room?!
I believe she was in room 666...
Six six six! Six six six! Six six six!
Found it!
Open up!
Sucy, open up!
What's this?
Over there?
There you are, Sucy!
Crap!
Okay!
Sucy, wake up!
Sucy!
You really piss me off sometimes, but I still like you!
Please wake up!
I don't want you to stop being yourself!
Please, wake up!
Sucy! I love you, Sucy!
That's it!
Sleeping Witch!
Here's the medicine Lotte gave me. Um...
I'll just feed her them all myself!
Forgive me, Sucy, but I must feed you mouth to mouth.
This may be your first kiss.
But if you don't wake up, it'll also be your last kiss!
No, we're friends, so it shouldn't count.
Back off.
Sucy!
You're suffocating.
Get up...
Wake up, you two!
We'll be late!
Sucy! Come on, Sucy!
Sucy?
Sucy!
Wake up! Wake up! Wake up, Sucy!
Sucy...
You're way too loud too early.
Sucy!
You're suffocating.
We have Professor Finneran's class first period.
I had the weirdest dream.
Sucy, if you want to read night fall, then you should do it! No need to hold back!
Lotte, lend her your copies!
Lotte, Akko's being annoying.
Come on, we'll be late. Let's hurry.
Akko, you promised to carry my stuff for a month.
Huh? Heywait!
It was a dream... right?
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
