I'm gonna make it no matter what. This is the first chance we've ever gotten to meet Annabel.
It was deplorable of you to sneak into the kitchen and pilfer a pie!
Not to mention you ate the entire thing in a single night!
Do you, as students of Luna Nova, know no shame?!
But they're completely different.
Professor Badcock, there's no need to tell the students about the price.
Please stay out of this, Professor Ursula!
Today's menu was potato salad, mashed potatoes, and French friesthree kinds of potatoes!
Very well then! We just so happen to be getting a food shipment in tomorrow.
I order you to unload the trucks.
Moreover, you will take remedial lessons from Professor Ursula in the afternoon.
Am I clear, Professor Ursula?
I'll clean the goblins' ears or wash the troll baths, anything!
You will not! Tomorrow you are forbidden to leave, and that is final!
It's no good, her eyes are clouded over.
Anyway, what's so special about tomorrow?
There's going to be a new volume release event for night fall in the city tomorrow!
and falls though a mysterious portal to the past where she meets a handsome man named Edgar.
It is a literary epic encompassing every genre imaginable into a historic fiction novel for girls!
Up until now there have been 364 volumes.
And tomorrow the memorable 365th novel is finally being released!
He's the most troubled and yet the most charming!
Isn't night fall's author constantly trolled on the internet?
Yes! The author Annabel Creme is a witch who's been writing the series for 120 years.
but she'll finally reveal herself at tomorrow's event!
but tomorrow she'll finally reveal herself at the event!
Okay, girls, we'll be spending some time together for a fun lesson today.
Okay girls, today we'll be spending some time together for a fun lesson.
The whole city is all about night fall!
The whole city is full of night fall!
And over there is the bagpiper who dies in battle in volume 220!
Isn't that one of the 20 existing toothbrushes that came bundled with the magazine publication as a bonus 100 years ago?
Isn't that one of the 20 existing toothbrushes that came as a bonus to the magazine publication 100 years ago?
Those worthless novels?
This crowd's bigger than I expected.
I found myself in the vampire clan that was despised by humans and got hooked.
I saw myself in the vampire clan that was despised by humans and got hooked.
But eventually I realized that the werewolf Arthur was only making passes at Belle to get Edgar's attention.
I'm sure there must be many more people like me who felt saved after reading this.
the author Annabel will make her first public appearance ever!
Okay, Annabel! Could you please give a word for your fans who have gathered here today?
Talk about aloof.
What is the new address of the company who made the gloves given to Belle by Grandma Hii?
The fastest person was that young lady in the red hood!
Of course she is. She's right in front of her idol.
night fall wasn't written by just a single author. I'm the twelfth Annabel.
Her unpredictable twists are what makes night fall so irresistible.
I have to find her no matter what!
No, she isn't anywhere. What now?
Why are you looking so hard?
I just like to cheer on people like that.
But I won't accept that! night fall's been getting more and more interesting each volume!
Everyone's been saying that the latest night fall books have jumped the shark.
Everyone says that the latest night fall books have been a train wreck.
The prison arc and the chapter when Belle caught a nuke with her bare hands
and the saga when everyone aimed to be a cappella world champions were all really interesting!
Same for me. I think there are kids like that all over the world.
I'm the same way. There are probably kids like that all over the world.
I'm serious! The costume Lotte was talking to entered the leyline ahead of us!
I'm serious! The costumer Lotte was talking to went into the leyline ahead of us!
It must be a Luna Nova student!
They must be a student at Luna Nova!
Oh, it's a message from GreatBen810.
Are you going to the release event?
Absolutely, I wouldn't miss it.
What about you, GreatBen810?
Whoa, that was fast!
I'm gonna make it, no matter what. This is the first chance we've ever gotten to meet Annabel.
I know, right?
I wish it was Saturday already!
You three again?
It was condemnable of you to sneak into the kitchen and pilfer a pie!
Not to mention you wolfed the entire thing down in a single night!
Are you not ashamed as students of Luna Nova?!
That's why I told you to take something less conspicuous.
It wasn't a pie.
Excuse me?
We didn't take a pie. It was a tart!
Wait, Akko!
But they're totally different things.
Exactly, they are entirely separate.
These children stole a tart, not a pie!
Tarts are three times as expensive as pies!
Professor Badcock, there's no need to bring up the price with the students...
Please keep your mouth shut, Professor Ursula.
In the first place, you eat far too much already!
Luna Nova has enough financial issues as it is, yet you eat through the food budget like fools!
We're only hungry because you're so stingy with the budget!
Today's menu was potato salad, mashed potatoes, and French friesthree kinds of potato dishes!
How can you not be satiated after eating so many potatoes?
Potatoes get digested too quickly!
That is quite enough.
Not only did you steal a pie, but you back-talked a teacher.
Very well, then! We just so happen to be receiving a food shipment tomorrow.
You are to unload the trucks.
You are also to take remedial lessons with Professor Ursula in the afternoon.
Am I understood, Professor Ursula?
Y-Yes!
Wait, wait, wait! I can't do that!
Please make our punishment something else!
I have to go to the city tomorrow!
Lotte?
I'll do anything else you want!
I'll clean the goblins' ears or wash the troll bathsanything!
Look, even Akko is repenting!
Just look at her!
I promise to be good! I'll even massage your shoulders!
What's gotten into you, Lotte?
I beg of you, let me to go the city tomorrow!
Please, please, please!
Absolutely not! You are categorically forbidden to leave tomorrow!
Here where our long journey has finally led us
Here where our long journey has finally led us
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
We can push open the door
We can push open the door
fureta tobira hiraite
fureta tobira hiraite
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
Pick up the pieces with a song
Pick up the pieces with a song
hiroiatsume utau yo
hiroiatsume utau yo
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
And envelop the night
And envelop the night
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
Cast a magic spell
Cast a magic spell
mahou kakete
mahou kakete
And start to dance
And start to dance
odoridasu
odoridasu
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
The world will keep on turning
The world will keep on turning
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
What's wrong with Lotte?
Who knows.
No good, her eyes are all clouded over.
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Anyways, what's so special about tomorrow?
You don't know?
There's a release event for the new night fall volume in the city tomorrow!
Look!
That's too close.
night fall?
Yes, night fall!
Heard of it?
The title, at least.
night fall is a series of novels that have been a huge hit all around the world!
Belle, a high school science teacher who got cold feet just before her wedding, visits a manor house
and falls though a mysterious portal to the past, where she meets a handsome man named Edgar.
But then she finds out Edgar is a vampire!
Belle is thrust into a tempest that shakes the very foundations of history!
It's a story of love,
adventure,
thrills,
conspiracy,
friendship,
and youth!
It's a literary epic encompassing every genre imaginable and presented as a historic fiction novel for girls!
Up until now, there have been 364 volumes.
And tomorrow, the memorable 365th novel is finally being released!
By the way, my favorite character is Edgar's rival, the werewolf Arthur.
No one is more troubled and charming than him!
Get it?
Y-Yeah.
Isn't night fall's author constantly getting trolled on the internet?
Yes! The author, Annabel Creme, is a witch who's been writing the series for 120 years.
She's never shown her face in public before,
but she'll finally reveal herself at tomorrow's event!
Wow, sounds cool.
They'll be selling original goods at the event, and all the fans are going to dress up in costume!
But I can't go...
It's all over. All of it.
It's... over...
Now she's lost it.
She isn't taking this well.
I feel horrible for Lotte.
And you're the one to blame.
Huh? It's my fault?
If you hadn't stolen that tart, Lotte would've been able to go to the city.
I've got it!
Looks like I won't be able to make it.
Guess I'll check out Annabel's MyStage. Maybe she's posted something about tomorrow.
There they go again.
Aw man, I wish I could go see Annabel in person, even if only for a second.
Lotte!
I just came up with the best plan ever!
It's all potatoes again...
Heavy.
That's the last of them.
And we're finished.
Okay, let's do this.
Right.
Thanks for your help.
Sure, and goodbye!
Okay, now!
Hannah and Barbara, yes?
Make sure to be back by six.
Hitching a ride will get us right to the city.
I'm a genius!
What is it?
I forgot about Professor Ursula's lesson!
Akko, you can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs.
Sacrifices are a necessary evil.
You heard her.
Well, it'll work out somehow.
Okay girls, we'll be spending some time together for a fun lesson today.
Huh?
Akko! Akko!
We're almost past the city.
Crap! Oh, Lotte, you're in cosplay!
What do you think?
It looks great!
All right, let's go.
It's the city!
And now we're back on foot.
The magic dies off quickly once we leave school grounds.
It's amazing!
All the city streets are filled with night fall!
It's like a dream!
Look at that!
Over there! It's the pirate waiter from volume 158!
And over there is the bagpiper who dies in battle in volume 220!
That's the old loan shark who only shows up for one line in volume 37!
Isn't that one of the 20 existing toothbrushes that came bundled with the magazine version as a bonus 100 years ago?
I'll buy it for any amount you wish! Go on, name your price!
What the heck?
Hey, excuse me!
Lotte?
You're... amazing!
Aren't you Great Ben, the clock tower Belle lived in at the very beginning of her journey?
I can trust anyone with a costume like yours with my life!
You're the first person to recognize me.
Of course I would, it's common knowledge!
Let's be friends!
Silly girl, we're already friends.
What the heck?
What is going on around here?
I think this is an event for night fall.
That worthless drivel?
How stupid must you be to dress up like that as an adult?
Hey, why don't we stick around just to see how stupid they are for ourselves?
Huh?
Isn't that it?
Lotte, it's over there!
I made it...
Thank you, girls!
This place is packed!
The crowd's bigger than I expected.
What made you become a fan of night fall, Lotte?
It happened back when I was a child.
My family ran a small magic item shop.
One day, some of the local kids started teasing me because I was a witch.
That was when I first encountered night fall at the library.
I found a reflection of myself in the vampire clan that was despised by humans and got hooked.
But I realized eventually that the werewolf Arthur was only making passes at Belle to get Edgar's attention.
I just couldn't get that out of my mind.
Before I realized it, my own worries seemed trivial in comparison.
I'm sure there must be many more people like me who felt like they were saved after reading this.
Sorry, couldn't really catch that! Say it again?
To commemorate the release of night fall's 365th volume,
the author Annabel will make her first-ever public appearance!
Please give it up for Annabel Creme!
What?! She's the writer?
Isn't she too young, even for a witch?
She's not just young, she's a kid.
Is she using magic to look like that?
So cute...
Well then, Annabel! Can we have a word from you for your fans who have gathered here today?
What?
A word for your fans!
Hello.
Anything else?
You're the one who asked for a word.
So cold...
What a cheeky brat.
So cute...
A-Anyway, let's move on to our next segment.
The night fall quiz show!
Every question was personally made by Annabel to test your limits!
Whoever manages to take first place will be awarded a fabulous prize from Annabel herself!
Question one!
This one's a softball.
What is the new address of the company that made the gloves given to Belle by Grandma Hii?
Huh? You know this, Barbara?
Uh, no! I was just stretching my arm...
The fastest person was that red-hooded young lady!
North Grampianshire, 43-5 White Street!
Correct!
Lotte, wow!
Let's keep on going!
Count Edward M. Winter!
23678.9965!
Area code!
Hexamine, potassium nitrate, and aqueous hydrogen peroxide.
79 years and 2 months old.
We're finally down to our last two contestants. Which of them will claim victory?
Hey, do you happen to be GreatBen810?
I can't believe she made it to the end.
Lotte, you can do it!
Lotte?
Ah, that's Lotte!
Akko and Sucy are here too.
Lotte! Do your best!
Now then, time for our final question.
Annabel Creme's mother learned piano from a certain teacher as a child.
Her husband's father's favorite bakery is named...
Somerset Bakery!
Was that really in there?
What volume was it written in?
Lotte...
Looks like even Lotte's stumped by this one.
I don't think it's a rose...
Not a narcissus either...
Hydrangea...
Hydrangea!
That's correct!
She got it!
We have our lucky winner!
Please step forward.
She's all tensed up.
Of course she'd be! I mean, she's right in front of her idol.
Annabel's present is her favorite fountain pen!
You must really love night fall.
Yes, of course!
Then you'll gladly accept this.
You're the next Annabel.
Huh?
night fall wasn't written by just one single author. I'm the twelfth Annabel.
Now that you've accepted it, you're the thirteenth.
If you don't write, then your beloved night fall ends today.
It looks like she's disappeared. What a staple of Annabel Creme.
It's these unpredictable twists that make night fall so irresistible!
A round of applause!
And that's all the time we have!
Huh? Didn't that seem kinda sudden?
Pretty unnatural.
Man, she really got me there.
A magic item for teleportation...
I had no idea what to do after she vanished.
Hey, wait up!
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
I can't find her anywhere.
Think she's outside?
Lotte!
What happened?
Annabel disappearing wasn't part of the show. It looks like she used this.
What is it?
A magic item.
Though it's more like a toy anyone could use.
That's right, Annabel isn't a witch!
What?
I absolutely have to find her!
Please help me look!
Got it.
Annabel? Annabel!
Annabel?
Annabel!
I can't find Annabel!
Mushroom.
Annabel!
Annabel, where are you?
Mushroom.
Find her?
No, she wasn't anywhere I looked. What now?
Why do you need to find her so bad?
To tell you the truth, night fall wasn't written by a single author.
It was written by generations of people who inherited this fountain pen.
You mean the fountain pen Annabel just gave to you?
Yes.
Then that means you're gonna be the next writer of night fall?
If I can't return it, then yeah.
That's great, Lotte!
What?
It means Annabel passed the torch to you!
Well, I guess...
You'll get to write your favorite story yourself!
Your dream is about to come true!
But I never asked for that.
I can't believe that. You love night fall so much!
I told you that's not it!
What do you mean?
I understand why you want to be like Chariot,
but I've never wanted to be like Annabel.
I don't want to do the same thing the person I look up to does.
She can do things that I can't.
I just enjoy cheering on people like that.
Lotte...
That's why I need to find Annabel as soon as possible.
Hey, is that fountain pen really old?
Yeah, I heard that it's been used to write ever since the first chapter.
If it's that old, don't you think it should have a faerie?
What do you mean?
Lotte can talk to the faeries of old items.
Whoa! That's amazing!
You're too surprised.
Faeries dwell within old things.
I learned how to do it as a kid from my witch grandma.
But I'm not sure if it's possible here.
Let's go somewhere else.
It's nice to meet you. My name is Lotte Jansson.
I'd like to know where Annabel is.
I can't hear anything.
Just wait.
Got it. Thank you.
What'd it say?
Unfortunately, it doesn't know.
Oh...
But listen, it said that this fountain pen chooses each successive writer of night fall.
The current Annabel was chosen by this pen too.
But it seems that she isn't confident in her own abilities.
She only held today's event to look for a successor herself.
And she ended up choosing you.
But I won't accept that! night fall's only been getting more interesting by the volume!
That means that the current Annabel's stories are amazing!
I'll never accept a night fall written by anyone except her!
Lotte, let's go tell her that!
Huh?
There's no way Annabel could quit writing after hearing that from you!
Akko...
Considering how much you love Annabel, you should be able to figure out where she'd go.
Where Annabel would go?
Yeah, yeah! Places she likes!
Um, well, things she likes...
Hydrangeas?
There's a bunch blooming over there.
She's close!
It's all the same.
Guess I should head home now...
Don't run!
E-Even if you beg, I won't take it back!
That fountain pen belongs to you now!
No, you should be the one to have it. It chose you for your talent.
I'm not talented at all!
Everyone's been saying that the latest night fall books have been a train wreck.
It's true that I never expected Arthur to go to space...
See?!
I was surprised, but he's been unconsciously wanting to go to space for the longest time.
It's just like when his Oedipus complex was revealed in the past.
Experts have been predicting this for ages!
It's something every fan knows!
We've always been waiting for this development!
But that's just what a small part of the fanbase thinks.
Ever since I started writing, I've been flamed like crazy.
Now that's only a small part of the fanbase.
The prison arc, the chapter when Belle caught a nuke with her bare hands,
and the saga of them aiming for the a capella world championship were all really interesting!
It's like, how could you possibly not enjoy all that?!
Even I wrote those because I thought they were interesting.
But how am I supposed to stand back up when they say stop writing and this sucks and call each new volume worthless?
I've had enough.
What's your favorite book?
Which book do you like the most?
Volume 363 when
The one where Edgar lends Arthur his shoehorn?
Yeah! I knew I wanted to write that one since I started!
Edgar hands over the shoehorn with his left hand, right?
His clan believes that the left hand is a symbol of life.
And he handed him the shoehorn he received from his father with his left hand! That means
You're right!
I never realized!
What does it mean?
No idea.
You really are a prodigy if you can write that subconsciously.
I grew up reading night fall, so I really love it.
It was the same for me. I think there are kids like that all over the world.
But you're the only one who loves it more than anyone and also has the ability to add to it.
If you stopped writing, then the real night fall would be gone forever.
Only you can write the night fall of our time.
Only you can be Annabel.
Yeah. I really do want to write!
Thanks!
night fall?
I swear I saw her!
You're crazy.
I'm serious! The cosplayer Lotte was talking to entered the leyline ahead of us!
They must be a Luna Nova student!
I presume you're prepared.
Yes...
I got a handshake from Annabel, but now I'm getting all covered in troll grime.
It's not like you were even her fan before.
Who cares if I'm a secondary?
But really, you can find all sorts of people in this world.
I learned a lot today.
Talking about Annabel? Didn't I tell you she was amazing?
I mean you! You don't want to be like the person you admire, you want to support them.
I've never considered that before.
Though I still think you missed a big opportunity.
You're still saying that?
Still, I'm glad it ended well, Lotte.
Yeah, I'm really glad.
I'd be spoiled on the story if I wrote it myself, so there'd be nothing to look forward to.
Huh? Was that your actual reason?
That's just how it goes. Let's hurry up and finish cleaning already.
GreatBen810, aren't you excited for the next release?
Should I start reading?
Nah.
I'll save it until later.
Good night.
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
