Apparently the sound is not being broadcast through the public system,
Report. An unidentified flying object has been detected in our airspace.
What are you talking about?
Explain yourself!
No... did my magic beast possess it?
Yes, I created them to gather Noir Fuel Spirit.
That's, uh... a missile?
Is that a live feed?
Hatred breeds more hatred, which is what it feeds on to get bigger.
Hatred breeds more hatred, and it's using that to get bigger.
So what is that creature's objective?
What is the beast's objective?
It will continue until it self-destructs.
Its power grew too large... at this point, it's far beyond the control of my system.
Its power grew too large, far beyond the control of my system.
Once its power is out of control, we can't do anything to stop it. Just like what happened to the moon.
We have no way to constrain its out of control power, just like with what happened to the moon.
We can do it!
It's a freaking missile!
It doesn't look very delicious.
I really don't think we can catch up on our brooms.
There must be something that only we can do as witches!
Knowing that is the work of a magic beast,
It it well worth a shot.
There's no way you can catch up with a launched missile.
The SSS is out of operation.
If you tried to siphon the magic out, you'd find the system almost completely depleted.
There's barely any saved up even if you tried to siphon it.
Yeah, and we still have to try!
Man, there's no convincing you.
You don't have a chance on your own, so we'll give you a hand.
I'll go as well.
We should manage to take you a nice distance if we link our brooms up and give you a push.
If we stick our brooms together and push you, that should get some extra distance.
Sounds good, Constanze?
You're in, right Constanze?
I'm finished.
Right, this should get us there!
Metamorphie Westis!
It's like I got a powerup!
Yeah, you can count on me!
There's a news flash about a missile launch or something.
It doesn't say where it's even heading.
Hey, is this what they're talking about?
Can it be shot down?
Its speed is considerably slower than a common ballistic missile's. There is a high probability of success.
Its speed is considerably slower than standard ballistic missiles. There is a high probability of success.
That a mysterious missile just so happens to be flying from us to them?
Do you think they'll believe that explanation?
They wouldn't, of course.
This is an accident.
Even if it impacts in their borders, we have no responsibility in the matter.
No matter the circumstances, they should be informed!
The threat is approaching!
Do you intend to give them pretext for a retaliation?
A separate bogie is in pursuit of the flying object.
No, it appears to be smaller.
Witches from Luna Nova!
Is this in real time?
Thank you, Lotte and Sucy.
It was evaded.
I don't know, but magic could do something.
Huh? But why?
It's speeding up. That light is providing them with magic.
People's thoughts are being relayed as magic, without a system of any sort.
The people's thoughts are being sent as magic without relying on a system.
I'm streaming Akko's video worldwide.
We're using a new method to show them witches the likes of which they've never seen before.
Aren't mic performances your specialty?
These two witches are attempting to stop a dangerous monster.
Please let them hear your support.
Damn witches always getting in our way!
Shut down all of the hijacked monitors! Cancel all the TV programs!
It's pointless to try and stop them now.
With how far its spread, it cannot be unseen.
What could witches possibly do?! Not to mention children!
Who the hell would believe in them?!
The people are starting to believe.
Those girls are on the front lines.
Prepare to provide them with backup in the event of their failure.
No.
Wow! Forget about dropping, our magic keeps on going up!
We have to try.
I guess you could call this a dramatic reunion!
Would you share your opinions about the value of witches with me?
Magic was a far greater existence than I gave it credit for.
But there's something I must accomplish after I clean up my messes.
It wouldn't look good if Akko learned how to fly while her teacher still couldn't.
Geez, what are you even here for if you're not gonna encourage me?
I came because of how confidently you invited me, but it appears we won't be seeing the decisive moment.
What?!
You still can't stop that sound?
Apparently, the sound is not being broadcast through the public system,
and we are unable to pinpoint its origin.
Report. An unidentified flying object has been detected in our airspace.
What is going on?
It's a missile...
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
What's that sound?
It's...
What is it?
A missile, perhaps...
A missile?!
Oh no... was it taken over by my magic creature?
Do you mean those square-y things?
Yes, I built it to gather Noir Fuel Spirit.
It's no use, my access is being denied!
Is that a missile?
You watching a live feed?
Hey, hey, are you kidding?
Why did this happen?
The negative emotions exceeded my calculations.
Hatred breeds more hatred, which it feeds on to get bigger.
What is that creature's objective?
To spread hatred even further around the world.
It will continue on this path until it detonates.
What?! Isn't there any way to stop it?
Its power grew too large... at this point, it's far beyond the restraints of my system.
There's nothing we can do.
Once its power is out of control, we can't do anything to stop it, just like what happened to the moon.
We can do something!
We can stop it!
Hey, Akko, are you blind?
It's a freaking missile!
It doesn't look very delicious...
I really don't think we could catch up to it on our brooms.
Does that mean you won't do anything?
We've got nine perfectly good witches right here!
There must be something that only we can do as witches!
You have a point.
Knowing that this is the work of a magic creature,
magic may be our only avenue of response.
It is well worth a try.
You all...
It's impossible.
You can't catch up to a missile once it's launched.
And even if you could, there isn't enough magic left to do so.
The SSS is out of operation too.
Even if you siphoned the remaining magic out, you'd find the system almost completely depleted.
We still have to try!
Let's go as far we can with the nine of us!
Yeah, the New Nine Witches!
Man, there's just no convincing you.
You don't have a chance on your own, so we'll give you a hand.
I will go as well.
Akko and I should be able to catch up on the Shiny Volley.
Amanda, Constanze, Jasminka, Diana!
You can count on us to come too!
I'd be too worried if you went alone.
All right, let's do this!
We can take you a nice distance if we stick our brooms together and give you a push.
Sound good, Constanze?
Everyone...
It's too reckless. You have no idea what might happen.
Croix.
Let's entrust it all to them.
We'll help you as well.
We're finished.
Thanks.
Sybilladura Lelladybura!
Okay, this should get us there!
One moment, girls.
Metamorphie Vestesse!
May you be blessed by the Nine Olde Witches.
It's like I got a power-up!
They should protect you with the power of magic.
Professor, thank you!
Of course. Be careful.
All right!
I'm fired up!
Let's go!
Yeah!
Tia Freyre!
We're failures as teachers.
They don't have a chance of making it.
Akko may be able to make something happen.
Don't tell me you expect a miracle.
Akko doesn't believe in miracles. However
She's always believed in herself.
Faerie of wind, lend me your power!
This is perfect! Jasminka, let it all out!
Thank you, Jasminka!
Thank you, Constanze!
It's all on you now!
Yeah, you can count on us!
Thank you, Amanda!
WhatWho's broadcasting this?
What's that alert for?
There's a news flash about a missile launch or something.
A missile?! Are you serious?
Why?! Where's it coming from?
It doesn't even say where it's heading...
What the hell? What's going on?
Hey, is this what it's talking about?
I'm getting it too.
Wait, this isn't a missile.
Are those people?
People?
Here are the flying object's current location and trajectory.
It's heading for that country.
Can we intercept it?
Its speed is considerably slower than a common ballistic missile. There is a high probability of success.
They should be able to detect it any minute now.
Have you contacted the Prime Minister?
He is heading here now.
Do you think we should alert them?
And how do you intend to explain it?
That a mysterious missile just so happened to be fired from us at them?
That is the truth.
And you think they'll believe that explanation?
Not a chance.
This was an accident.
Even if it hits inside their territory, we bear no responsibility in the matter.
Hold on!
No matter the circumstances, they should be informed!
This is an imminent threat!
Do you intend to give them pretext for a counterstrike?
What's this?
A separate bogey is in pursuit of the flying object.
What? Are you certain?!
Is it an interceptor missile?
Negative. It appears to be smaller.
Just what is it?!
Displaying on monitor.
Witches?
Miss Kagari?
All right, this is for Akko!
Okay!
Let's do this!
Please, faerie of fire!
Pyro Booster!
Whoa, I was right!
Witches from Luna Nova!
Is this in real time?
Come on, who cares about witches? This isn't the time.
Could it be that they're trying to stop the missile?
Huh?!
This is it for us.
The rest is up to you!
Go, Akko!
Thank you, Lotte and Sucy!
The videos have spread so far there is no method to contain them.
Can't you force them down?
These leaks are unacceptable.
It's too late.
I can see it.
We caught up!
Wait... what?
It's no use, our magic is about to run out.
Come on, it's like right there!
Missile evaded.
Number two, approaching!
Ridiculous!
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Is this for real?
What's gonna happen?
Hang on, what happened to those witches from before?
That's right, the witches are still there!
You think witches can stop that thing?
Dunno, but maybe there's something magic could do about it.
Okay, I'm gonna cheer them on!
I'm in!
Me too!
Us too!
Good luck!
You can do it!
Our magic is increasing.
Huh? Why is that happening?
I'm not sure.
However, we should have no trouble flying now.
How can they remain flying?
Their magic shouldn't have lasted this long.
Fuel Spirit?
No, it's not.
They're speeding up. That light is providing them with magic.
There are more lights appearing.
People's thoughts are being relayed as magic without utilizing any sort of system.
I can't believe it!
But those girls still believe.
They believe their actions can change people's feelings and surroundings.
I'm now streaming the video of Akko and Diana worldwide.
We'll use a new method to show them witches the likes of which they've never seen before.
Speak to the world!
Call for their support.
Weren't you great at working the mic?
Everyone, please listen.
These two witches are attempting to stop a dangerous monster.
The monster is enormous and extremely powerful,
but they are fearlessly facing it head-on.
Please let them hear your support!
Please believe in them!
That will become their power!
All of your believing hearts are truly...
Our magic!
Damn witches, always getting in our way!
Shut down all of the hijacked monitors! Cancel all the TV broadcasts!
There's no point trying to stop it now.
With how far this has spread, it cannot be unseen.
What could witches possibly do?! Not to mention children!
Who the hell would have faith in them?!
The people have already started to believe.
They simply wish to riot.
Can't you see that those witches are only worsening the uproar?
I cannot!
Those girls are on the front line.
They are our greatest hope for stopping it!
We should be aiding them, not trying to interfere!
Are you saying you believe in those witches?
I believe!
I agree with him.
Prime Minister!
We should be watching over them right now.
Prepare to provide them with backup in the event of their failure.
Very well.
Do you have any objections?
I don't.
Now, let us watch them until the end.
Wow! Forget about dropping, our magic keeps going up and up!
We'll catch up in no time.
We're there.
We did it!
Not yet. Not until we stop it.
Hey, it looks like the Rod's power is maxed out!
You think we can use it to turn the missile into something harmless?
We will have to try.
Go forth, Akko!
Metamorphie Faciesse!
Hell yeah!
Grab on!
Akko!
Akko!
Akko!
Akko?
Nice catch, me!
Isn't this the legendary broom?
Now that's what you'd call a dramatic reunion!
A nostalgic wind gently caresses my cheeks
A nostalgic wind gently caresses my cheeks
As memories of familiar places flit under my eyelids
As memories of familiar places flit under my eyelids
Thousands of droplets rise up into the night sky
Thousands of droplets rise up into the night sky
Catch me if you can!
Are my cherished feelings still reaching you?
Are my cherished feelings still reaching you?
So that my prayers won't suddenly shatter
So that my prayers won't suddenly shatter
I'll keep on singing right here for you
I'll keep on singing right here for you
Even if those days of chasing it were but a dream
Even if those days of chasing it were but a dream
You'll never fly if you're looking down
You'll never fly if you're looking down
Shout out to the skies!
Shout out to the skies!
Accept my heart now that it's fully bloomed
Accept my heart now that it's fully bloomed
I'll never give up and take a step down a new path to my future
I'll never give up and take a step down a new path to my future
That's...
Yggdrasil.
I speak a wish to the distance
I speak a wish to the distance
Please, Grand Triskelion.
If you can truly change the world,
May my tears resound across the unforgettable sky
May my tears resound across the unforgettable sky
I want to make a world where everyone can smile with each other!
A believing heart is everyone's magic!
Noctu Orfei!
Aude!
Fraetor!
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
Shiny Arc!
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
The world will keep on turning
The world will keep on turning
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
She finally did it!
Andrew.
Father.
It appears that I greatly misunderstood the witches.
Would you share your opinions on the value of witches with me?
Yes, gladly!
A heart that believes in magic...
I never expected that to be the origin of magic.
Magic was a far greater existence than I gave it credit for.
Yes, it's well beyond the two of us.
And it will only continue to grow.
The Rod!
Thank you, Shiny Rod.
Goodbye.
Take care, Croix.
You too, Chariot.
Headmistress Holbrooke, I'm in your debt.
Thank you.
But there's something I must accomplish after I clean up my messes.
Something you must accomplish?
Yes.
I promise to find a cure for Wagandea's curse before I return.
Croix...
It's time.
Imagine how it'd look if Akko learned how to fly while her teacher still can't.
Tia Freyre.
Croix, I'll be waiting for you!
I'll be waiting...
Wind, check!
Broom, check!
Date, check!
Today's the May Fair, after all!
Tia Freyre!
I lost sight of everything else
I lost sight of everything else
I lost sight of everything else
Tia Freyre!
Chasing after a shooting star
Chasing after a shooting star
Chasing after a shooting star
Tia Freyre! Tia Freyre!
Longing to know more about this world
Longing to know more about this world
Longing to know more about this world
Yeah, yeah, it's too bad again.
B-But it felt like you almost had it.
Just wishing won't make it come true
Just wishing won't make it come true
Just wishing won't make it come true
Really?
Yeah, you're definitely progressing!
You think? Looked exactly the same as always to me.
But if you only push open the door
But if you only push open the door
But if you only push open the door
Geez, what are you even here for if you're not gonna cheer me on?
You'll be one step closer
You'll be one step closer
You'll be one step closer
I came because of how confidently you invited me, but it appears we won't be seeing the decisive moment.
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
Not so fast! I feel like today's the day!
You're not the only one who believes in the future
You're not the only one who believes in the future
You're not the only one who believes in the future
No, I'll make it today for sure!
All right!
The scenery may be ever-changing
The scenery may be ever-changing
The scenery may be ever-changing
But under this shining sky
But under this shining sky
But under this shining sky
Akko, you can do this. Your believing heart...
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
Is magic, right?
Yeah!
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
And all of the times we were beset by worries
And all of the times we were beset by worries
And all of the times we were beset by worries
Akko!
Thank you for staying by my side
Thank you for staying by my side
Thank you for staying by my side
See you tomorrow
See you tomorrow
See you tomorrow
She flew.
Yay!
