You said all this stuff about reviving the seven Words and releasing the seal on the world reconstruction magic,
but it doesn't really feel real.
Okay, type in Words and...
Too slow! I can't deal with this!
Too slow! Can't handle!
You'd have an easier time finding Santa Claus then making Akko wait three minutes.
Word by Word...
For each Word...
You must each find them among the days you spend living and growing.
Meinab Daeshboud.
Meinab Daeshboud?
Meinab Daeshboud!
Meinab Daeshboud!
Meinab Daeshboud!
Mayenab Dysheebudo. You still need something important to see it through.
Meinab Daeshboud. Something important is required to see it through.
If you want to breathe life into the Words, you need to grow of your own accord.
You need to grow by your own power in order to breathe life into the Words.
But if the Word is close, you probably shouldn't leave school.
A necessary experience will be coming close in the future.
You may be able to discover what it is you lack on your travels.
We can only go to a nearby Leyline terminal, but after that it's by train and bus.
So why does Professor Ursula know so much in the first place?
Raise level from thirty to fifty.
Anger can be converted into the greatest amount of magic energy.
My head's too full!
Stop it, please! I haven't changed!
Put me down! I haven't changed!
I love this! I think I might get addicted to this unique flavor!
Thank you, really, for this food.
Sucy, do you want to finish mine?
I was expecting a more traditional place.
so my mom is only really busy during the harvest festivities and the ceremonies to ward off evil and stuff.
so my mom is always busy being relied on for Kekri and Vappu and such.
I guess witches are dying out any which way you go.
Lotte, give me a break! I don't even spend three minutes when I take a bath!
Lotte, give me a break! I don't even spend three minutes sitting in my baths!
How to prevent infections leading to Greenman disease.
How to prevent the infection of Greenman disease.
The condition for Greenman disease is so strict, an outbreak may or may not occur every thousand years in this region.
Depending on a specific astrological placement, the anthropogenic levels of CO 2 ,
Depending on a specific astrological placement, the amount of carbon dioxide exhaled by humans,
The flesh will be progressively be covered in moss until it eventually withers away.
Fresh droppings from a reindeer raised by a Sami.
It's faster this way!
It has to fall naturally!
Don't you dare touch it!
It took like forever just to get two ingredients.
We need fresh droppings from a reindeer raised by a Sami...
But I don't see Nicholas's house anywhere around here!
Then how did you usually contact him?
It got you too, Sucy?
I must to find that Laplander!
I need to find that Sami no matter what!
I need you to find a Sami who travels with reindeer.
Everyone, wait for me.
Look, the color is wrong around here.
Look, the color is wrong.
If I see him I'll play dead.
They are all...
Everyone is...
Even if you don't pull this off, someone else will get it done.
Even if you don't do it, someone else will.
This is fine, isn't it?
Will that satisfy you?
Meh?
So he did end up leaving you stranded.
I'm real sorry about that.
Mix all of the ingredients together until it turns rainbow colored.
The ingredients solidify as soon as they are placed over heat,
The ingredients begin to solidify immediately after being placed over heat,
so keep stirring at a constant rate until the color changes and it is ready.
so continue stirring constantly until the color changes and it is ready.
Something to mix with, something to mix with...
I have to persevere!
Meinab Daeshboud.
Something important is required to see it through.
Meinab Daeshboud!
Perseverance is important!
Meinab Daeshboud!
Aw shucks. Now there are only three Words left!
It's only three! We'll be done in a flash!
Meinab Daeshboud.
Perseverance, perseverance.
So you just told us about reviving the seven Words and releasing the seal on the world reconstruction magic,
but I'm having a hard time processing all that.
There are only four left!
No matter what happens, I'm gonna find them!
What're you doing?
I figured I should start by looking for info online.
Okay, type in Words, and then...
Too slow! Can't deal with this!
Weren't you going to find them no matter what happens?
You'd have an easier time finding Santa Claus than making Akko wait three minutes.
Could this be...
Why won't you tell us?
Professor Woodward!
The Words...
You shall find each of them among the days you spend living and growing.
I see!
The Rod is trying to tell you something.
The fourth Word is close.
What? Really?
What's the fourth Word?
Mayenab Dysheebudo.
Mayenab Dysheebudo?
Mayenab Dysheebudo!
Mayenab Dysheebudo!
Mayenab Dysheebudo!
Mayenab Dysheebudo. There is something important needed to see it through.
What is that something?
Something you severely lack.
Something I lack?
That narrows it down to just about everything.
Professor, if you already know, then just tell me!
Akko, have you forgotten?
If you want to breathe life into the Words, you need to grow by your own power.
Akko, what about tomorrow?
Tomorrow?
We were planning to go visit Lotte's house.
I invited Akko and Sucy to come over and have hapansilakka pie.
But if the Word is close, you probably shouldn't leave school grounds.
You should go.
By close, I didn't mean distance.
I meant that you're close to experiencing something important.
You just may discover what it is that you lack on your travels.
All aboard the non-stop to Lotte's house!
In your dreams.
We can get as far as a nearby Leyline terminal, but after that, we'll have to travel by train and bus.
Take action!
Take action!
Raise your hands!
Raise your hands!
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
So off I go!
kimeta yo
So off I go!
kimeta yo
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
It's showtime!
It's showtime!
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Something important to see it through...
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
And it's something I lack...
So, why does Professor Ursula know so much in the first place?
Chariot told her all about it when they were students at Luna Nova.
Sadness.
Sob sob sob...
Anger.
Raise level from 30 to 50.
Anger yields the most magic energy upon conversion.
Into noir fuel spirit.
What I lack, what I lack...
How am I supposed to enjoy this charming little village?
I can't think straight anymore!
This is my house.
I'm back.
I thought you lived in a magic item shop.
Lotte! It's Lotte!
You've grown so much since I last saw you!
Stop that! I haven't changed!
You're so light!
Please come in.
Thank you for having us.
Are you Akko?
And this must be Sucy.
Lotte's told us all about you in her letters.
Come in, make yourselves at home! We'd better take a photo before we forget.
This is it!
Hapansilakka pies!
Our neighbor Janne makes them every year during this season.
Lotte, be sure to thank her tomorrow.
Okay!
Thank you for the food!
It's delicious!
I love this! I think I might get addicted to this distinctive flavor!
We have plenty more to go around.
Then I won't hold back.
Do you want seconds, Akko?
N-No, I'm good.
Sucy, want to finish mine too?
Can I get out yet?
We only just got in.
Come on...
This is my first time in a sauna, and I never want to leave.
Anyway, Lotte, you told us you lived in a magic item shop passed down through the generations.
I was expecting a more... traditional place.
Magic items don't really sell well these days, so it's become more of a kiosk.
We're the only witches left around here,
so my mom is always really busy with the harvest festival and the evil-warding ceremony and stuff.
Guess witches are dying out wherever you go.
I'm getting out! I can't take any more!
Not yet.
Lotte, give me a break! I don't even spend three minutes sitting in the bath!
Akko, you hate baths too much.
What's wrong?!
Mom!
Hey, Mom!
Mom!
Lotte!
Dad?!
Dad!
Look!
Janne!
Nice to meet you! Your hapansilakka pies were delicious!
Pretty sure this isn't the time to thank her.
How could this have happened?
What the...
It's moss.
Look.
How to prevent infections causing Greenman disease.
Greenman disease?!
Seems interesting.
What?!
The condition for Greenman disease is so strict, an outbreak may occur but once every thousand years in this region.
Depending on a specific astrological placement, the amount of CO 2 exhaled by humans,
the birth rate of the local herring, the timing of pollen release, and more
When every possible thing has aligned in the worst possible way,
an outbreak will occur when hapansilakka pies are baked at the perfect temperature.
Hapansilakka pie?!
If there is a disease outbreak, the local witch is responsible for stopping it from spreading.
What happens if you get infected?
The flesh will be progressively covered in moss until it eventually withers away.
Withers?!
Dad... Mom...
Lotte's mom was supposed to clean it up, but she ended up being the first victim...
It'll be okay!
We've got three witches right here!
Look, here's the antidote recipe!
Five items are required to create the antidote.
Snowflakes from a pine tree forest.
Berry leaves blown off by the wind.
Fresh droppings from a reindeer raised by a Laplander.
Green panther cap.
A traditional medicine base made by a yeti.
Lotte, do you have the ingredients?
I know where we can find them!
I have an idea of where to get green panther cap.
You handle the green panther cap, Sucy.
Got it!
Sucy, I'm counting on you!
First up are snowflakes from a pine tree forest.
There's plenty of snow here already.
It says that it needs to have naturally fallen.
What?!
Fall!
Akko!
But it's faster this way!
Next are berry leaves blown off by the wind.
They have to fall naturally!
Don't you dare touch them!
Okay...
Akko!
Come on!
It took like forever just to get two of the ingredients.
You're kidding!
Wh-What's wrong?
We need fresh droppings from a reindeer raised by a Laplander...
But I don't see Nicholas's house anywhere around here!
Huh? Did he move?
I mean, I knew he was a nomad...
Where did he go?
Can't you call or email him?
Nicholas doesn't have a phone or computer.
Then how do you usually contact him?
Like this.
Nicholas!
Let's go back for now.
I might be able to find some way to contact him in my house.
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Wait... Sucy?!
Sucy! Hey, Sucy!
Don't tell me it got you too, Sucy...
Sucy!
Sucy! Sucy!
Wake up, Sucy! Hey, Sucy!
Akko...
Lotte!
Please make the antidote... before we all wither away...
Lotte!
Only two ingredients left!
I must find that Laplander!
I need you to track down a Laplander traveling with reindeer.
Please?
Reindeer spotted at two o'clock!
Hold it! I'm not anybody suspicious!
Are you Nicholas?
Oh?
Are you a witch?
Got the fourth ingredient.
Last is a traditional medicine base made by a yeti.
You're going to see the yeti?
Do you know him?
Yes, he lives at the base of that mountain.
So far!
Ride this to get there.
Thank you!
Wait for me, guys.
Once I get the final piece...
I'll rush all the way back!
Here?
Excuse me, I'm looking for a medicine base...
Pardon the intrusion.
I need you to make me a medicine base.
Could you please do it?
You'll make it? Can you finish in thirty minutes?
Thank goodness! Now I can complete the antidote.
Um... you will make it, right? The medicine base...
Oh, fine! Be that way!
Please make it!
I'm begging you!
You finished?
Isn't it kinda wrong?
Look, isn't this pattern on the tip different?
It says the antidote can't be completed unless it's exact, so please make a new one!
Look, the color here is wrong.
I'd like a retake, please.
Aren't there too many lines?
Do it over!
This one's not even close!
Do it over from the beginning!
Okay, get on your knees!
Didn't you say you'd make it?
Didn't you promise me?
Didn't I explain to you that I'm in big trouble if you can't make the medicine base for the antidote?!
If you can't do it, then say so from the start! I don't have any time to waste!
Aren't you an artisan?
You accepted this job, so don't give me a half-assed
Huh?! Hey, wait!
Wait! Stop!
I'm sorry. I went too far.
Yeti?
If I see him, I'll play dead.
The yeti's boring. You suck. Die.
Did they hurt your ego or something?
And now it's affecting your work?
Who gives a damn what society thinks of you?!
You're cool, you're artistic, and you're a genius who can make that medicine base!
I know you can make it!
You're way too talented!
Yo, genius!
It's complete!
But...
Isn't it kinda big?
Well, whatever. I need to get back quick!
Yeti, thanks so much!
Huh?
You're kidding...
What a day...
I have...
to get back soon...
They're all...
Just drop your baggage, Akko.
You'll feel better if you do.
Even if you don't do it yourself, someone else will get it done.
There are any number of replacements for you.
That's right...
Akko!
Are you satisfied with this?
It hurts. It's painful.
But...
I'll endure!
Me
Merry
So he did end up leaving you stranded.
I'm so sorry about this!
I'm saved!
Please hurry back!
You got it!
Thanks, Nicholas!
Blend all the ingredients together until they're rainbow-colored.
The ingredients begin to solidify as soon as they are placed over heat,
so stay strong and keep stirring constantly until the color changes and it is ready.
Something to stir with, something to stir with...
Endure it... I need to endure!
I just need to be patient!
Mayenab Dysheebudo.
You still need something important to see it through.
Something?
Something you severely lack.
I see. If that's it...
Mayenab Dysheebudo!
To see it through...
Patience is important!
Mayenab Dysheebudo!
Huh?
Y-You're back!
You really did find it.
I couldn't have done it without Lotte and Sucy!
Thank you too, Akko.
Aw, shucks! Now there are only three Words left!
I'm almost there! I'm basically done already!
Only three more! We'll be done in a flash!
In a flash?!
Akko.
Mayenab Dysheebudo.
Remember?
That's right!
Patience, patience.
She's hopeless.
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
