How to contact Luna Nova?
What's this now? Have the seeds of love finally sprouted in your withered heart?
What's this? Have the seeds of love finally sprouted in your barren heart?
She left her hat in my car, so I simply wanted to inform her before she misses it.
Why don't you hand deliver it to her instead?
Those countries have always had bad blood between them.
This is just an outlet for their unbridled discontent.
It looks like there are those participating for the entertainment.
Sure looks that way, yeah. They're using the opportunity to wreak havoc.
I think so too. They want to ride the wave and go wild.
Look, it's the no goal wave.
It's a site where people go to
This is a site where people come to let their hatred loose.
The userbase has been exploding recently.
Guess I'll log in to ER.
It feels like everyone's been using it because of the tense atmosphere in town.
I can't believe you not only brought Diana back, but unlocked the fifth Word along the way.
Now there are only two more Words left.
Ryuong.
Ryuong is one of the most precious words there is.
Only those who understand the true meaning of it can see the light at the end of their paths.
Professor Ursula, do you know what it means?
Aren't I always saying that only when you realize each Word's value in your heart will its magic be released?
It feels like I'm this close to Chariot, and I can't wait any more!
Didn't Chariot also make it up to the next Word?
Ryuong...
I can't find it anywhere, that Ryuong!
I can't find it if I look, but if I don't I can?
Thanks? I just went and did it on my own.
That's right, but I can't figure out anything new. Professor Croix,
have you heard of Ryuong?
Ryuong...
That's the sixth Word Chariot found, right?
That's it!
Chariot...
It's not a good time. Wagandea will soon open its buds and let loose its pollen.
The pollen contains a severe toxin. If a witch comes into contact with it, she will lose something forever.
I knew you would want to go right away if I told you, so I kept it a secret.
If it's quick, only a few weeks. If it's long, a few months.
In some very rare cases, they could potentially be around for several years.
Very, very rarely, it could potentially last for several years.
But these cases are nearly unheard of, and about a month would be average.
But occasions like that are nearly unheard of, and about a month would be average.
But worse case scenario, I'll have to wait years to go! That's way too long!
Don't you know how my luck always is?
I'm guaranteed to always pick the short straw.
Sometimes you need to be brave and step up!
Witches who are engulfed by Wagandea's pollen lose their ability to use magic,
Although I find it mysterious how you're still unable to fly,
if you continue practicing, you may still learn how to do it on day.
if you continue practicing, you may one day learn how.
Her words were as harsh as ever, but I really get the feeling that she was concerned for you.
But something's fishy. The pollen release should still be a ways off.
Professor Ursula can be a bit hasty sometimes, so perhaps she's misunderstood something.
The Grand Triskelion will be released when they are all gathered.
U-Um, I'm honestly not that good at thinking about complex things.
And?
I feel like as long as I keep finding the Words, I'll eventually meet Chariot.
Yes! There's so much I want to ask her and tell her once I meet Chariot!
And the very first thing I'll do is thank her.
For sure...
Why would Professor Ursula try to stop you without having checked first herself?
Perhaps there was some kind of reason she wanted to prevent you from climbing it.
There are some things about her I'm suspicious of.
but I have no memory of a student named Ursula.
It must be because she didn't leave much of an impression! Not everyone can stand out like Chariot.
That may be the reason.
Something very important.
She was just worried because of how dangerous it is here.
You'll need to climb by your own power without using any tools or magic if you want to learn the Word.
For the first time in ages, the staff of seven stars has chosen a master once more.
The staff of seven stars has chosen a master once more.
Even if you hamper Akko, you can't get the Grand Triskelion.
The staff chose its owner incorrectly, just as it did before.
I have no more need for that thing.
It's because she is your final dream.
It's because she is your final dream.
The flowers above us are already opening! You can't go!
I don't think so.
You're not getting past me.
I won't let you.
I might've just been pushing my dream onto you.
Ryuong.
That's it... that's what Ryong means.
Ryuong.
How to get in contact with Luna Nova?
Yeah. If you know their number, I'd appreciate if you could tell me.
I need to talk to Kagari Atsuko.
What's this now? Have the seeds of love finally sprouted in your barren heart?
What are you talking about?
She left her hat in my car, so I simply wanted to inform her before she starts missing it.
Aw man, how boring.
Unfortunately, the witches are on a different network than ours.
I see.
Why don't you deliver it to her in person instead?
I could, but I get the feeling we'll meet again soon enough.
She always appears when you least expect her.
No goal! No goal! No goal!
The results of that soccer match have escalated into this?
Their country's always had underlying enmity brewing.
So this is an outlet for their pent-up discontent.
It looks like some of them are only in it for the entertainment.
I think so too. They're using the opportunity to go wild.
Look. This is No Goal Wave.
People can vent their anger over the other country there.
Their userbase has been exploding recently.
Guess I should start up ER...
ER?
Emotion Refresh. It's an app with some sort of healing effect.
It feels like everyone's been using it lately, what with this tense atmosphere in town.
Take action!
Take action!
Raise your hands!
Raise your hands!
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
So off I go!
kimeta yo
So off I go!
kimeta yo
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
It's showtime!
It's showtime!
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
I can't believe you not only brought Diana back,
but also unlocked the fifth Word along the way.
It surprised me too!
And now there are only two more Words left!
You've finally reached the sixth Word.
How do you read it?
Lyonne.
That's it? It's short!
Lyonne is one of the most precious words there is.
Only those who understand its true meaning can see the light at the end of their paths.
Professor Ursula, do you know what that Word means?
Aren't I always telling you that you need to realize each Word's value in your heart to release its magic?
I know, but still...
It feels like I'm this close to Chariot, and I just can't wait any longer!
Chariot made it up to the next Word too, right?
Yes.
Lyonne...
What could that precious word be?
I can't find it anywhere, that Lyonne!
I can't find it if I look, but if I don't, I can?
Why are the Words so complicated?
Akko.
Wh-What?
I guess even you use the library sometimes.
Of course I do! You got a problem with that?
Not really.
Then what do you want?
Thank you.
You brought Diana back.
Yeah...
I figured we owed you some thanks.
You think so? I just went and did it on my own.
But you did what we couldn't.
I'm grateful to you.
Thank you.
Um...
That's all we needed. Bye.
Oh?
Did you come to the library to study, Akko?
Is it really so strange to see me here?
Are you doing research on the Words?
That's right, but I can't find any clues at all. Professor Croix,
have you heard of Lyonne?
Lyonne...
That was the sixth Word Chariot found, wasn't it?
It was!
I've heard that Chariot uncovered it in Wagandea.
Wagandea?
This is...
The legendary tree, Wagandea.
Chariot once climbed its length and learned the sixth Word.
Chariot did that...
I want to climb it too.
You can't.
Why not?!
Chariot climbed that tree, didn't she?
It's not a good time. Wagandea will soon open its buds and release its pollen.
The pollen contains a potent toxin. If a witch comes into contact with it, she will lose something forever.
Lose something forever?
I knew you would have wanted to go right away if I had told you, so I kept it a secret.
Who did you hear this from?
Professor Croix.
From Croix?!
How long will that pollen stick around?
A few weeks on the shorter end, but it's a few months on the longer.
In some exceedingly rare cases, it could potentially be around for several years.
That long?!
But those occasions are nearly unheard of, and about a month would be average.
In any case, you should wait.
If I leave right away, couldn't I make it before the pollen is released?
It's too dangerous. It could already happen at any moment.
Please, Professor! At least let me go and check out how it looks!
Akko!
Didn't you learn to be patient?
Even if the road is winding, you must work hard at what you can do now.
That is the kind of witch you must become.
I cannot take you to Wagandea until you are a witch worthy of the Words.
Professor Ursula's such a worrywart.
She's always so timid and nervous. How am I supposed to take her seriously?
Don't say that. She's just worried about you, Akko.
Besides, I agree that you shouldn't rush ahead into danger.
But in the worst case scenario, I'll have to wait years to go! That's way too long!
But doesn't that hardly ever happen?
Don't you know how strong my luck is?
I'm guaranteed to always pick the short straw!
Not sure you should be proud about that.
It's better to regret something you have done than something you haven't.
Sometimes, you just need to be brave and step up!
There's a fine line between bravery and recklessness.
Witches deluged by Wagandea's pollen lose their ability to use magic
as well as the power to ever fly again.
Although your inability to fly remains a mystery to this day,
if you continue practicing, you may still learn how to do it eventually.
You don't wish to lose even that possibility, do you?
It's in your best interest to heed Professor Ursula's warning.
Her words were as harsh as ever, but I do get the feeling that she was sincerely concerned for you.
She's gone soft.
I see.
Is that how Professor Ursula phrased it?
Yes...
You even told me all about the Wagandea tree...
But something's fishy.
The pollen release should still be a ways off.
Huh?
Professor Ursula can be a bit of a scatterbrain sometimes, so perhaps she misunderstood something.
You think so?
Seeing is believing.
How about we go see for ourselves?
Are you serious?
I'll take you to Wagandea, if you so wish.
What's the matter, Alcor?
Croix took Akko?!
Say, Akko.
Yes?
Why are you gathering the Words?
Huh?
Once they are all gathered, the Grand Triskelion will be released.
What will you wish for when you obtain the power of world reconstruction magic?
U-Um, to be honest, I'm not really all that good at thinking about difficult things.
Oh?
My biggest reason for chasing after the Words is really just to meet Chariot.
You want to meet Chariot?
I feel like as long as I keep finding the Words, I'll get to meet her eventually.
You like her that much?
Yes! There's so much I want to ask and tell Chariot once I meet her!
And the very first thing I'll do is thank her!
I see.
Don't worry.
I'm sure you'll meet her soon.
Right!
For sure...
As I expected, we still have time before the buds open.
Really?
Yay!
But that makes it all the stranger.
Huh?
Why would Professor Ursula try to stop you without checking it first herself?
Because...
Perhaps there was some sort of reason why she wanted to prevent you from climbing it.
There are some things about her I'm suspicious of.
What do you mean?
She says she was classmates with Chariot,
but I have no recollection of a student named Ursula.
I-It must be because she didn't leave much of an impression! Not everyone can stand out like Chariot.
That may be the case.
Either way...
You should be wary of her.
What?
She might be hiding something from you.
Something very important.
She was just worried because of how dangerous it is here!
I'm always doing stupid things.
You'll need to climb under your own power without using any tools or magic if you want to learn the Word.
Are you prepared to do that?
I am. I swear I'll make it up.
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Akko...
Are you there?
Croix!
This brings back memories.
Do you remember, Chariot?
Back when we first came to this forest.
I remember it all too clearly.
I will never be able to forget.
I swear upon the Nine Olde Witches!
One day, I will release the seal on the ultimate magic!
I'll become the world's greatest witch!
I also swear it!
I want to bring fun to all.
I want to make everyone in the world forget their sadness and hatred with a smile!
It can't be...
The time has come once more for the staff of seven stars to choose a master.
It chose Chariot?
Why not me?!
Chariot, you must revive the seven Words with that staff.
No...
Croix!
Don't stop me!
You're scared, Croix.
You're scared of Akko getting her hands on the Grand Triskelion.
Scared?
You might be able to knock Akko off course, but you can't get the Grand Triskelion.
You should understand that!
She hasn't got the slightest clue about what it means to obtain the Grand Triskelion.
The staff erred in choosing its owner, just as it did before.
Well, not that it matters.
I have no more need for that staff.
Do you want to know why I don't simply leave her alone?
It's because she is your last hope of a dream.
I won't give up...
I swear... I'll climb all the way up!
What?!
Professor!
Come back, Akko!
Hurry, grab on!
No!
I made it this far already! You were wrong!
Professor Croix told me the pollen is still fine!
No, I'm telling the truth!
The flowers above us are already opening! You can't go on!
Are you saying that Professor Croix lied to me?
You don't know what she's really like. Turn back, Akko!
I saw it myself! The buds are shut tight!
The pollen isn't going anywhere!
Akko, please!
Why won't you let me go?!
You don't understand how desperately I want to meet Chariot!
I don't care about the Words. I just want to meet Chariot!
That's why I've done what you said and collected all the Words!
So why now?!
Why are you telling me to stop?!
Akko.
Croix!
I'll convince Professor Ursula.
Hurry up and go.
Thanks, Professor Croix.
Wait, Akko!
Croix, move!
I don't think I can do that.
You're not going anywhere.
Give up already!
Chariot! Wake up, Chariot!
Croix...
Chariot...
Chariot!
The pollen will be released in only a moment.
You'll never make it in time.
Give it up.
I'll protect Akko.
No way...
That's enough!
I won't lose.
I'm going to meet Chariot!
I'll become a witch like Chariot!
I have to go.
The pollen!
No!
It's all over...
Akko!
I'm begging you... please don't steal her future!
Professor Ursula?!
Akko...
Are you hurt?
Professor, I'm so sorry...
But you still saved me...
I'm sorry...
I'm so sorry...
Croix...
Not me...
It was... it was supposed to be you...
Why did I...
Accept it, Chariot.
You were entrusted with it.
You'll be the one to get the Grand Triskelion.
I'm the one who needs to apologize.
I might've just been pushing my wish onto you.
I wasn't thinking about your true feelings at all.
That's not true! You didn't force me to do anything!
It was my own decision to gather the Words.
I've gone through so much, and experienced so many things, but I haven't grown one bit!
I never meant to say that to you!
You've always come to my rescue, always been there for me, so I...
What I really wanted to say was...
Thank you.
Lyonne.
That's it... that's what Lyonne means.
Accept it, Chariot.
You were entrusted with it.
Lyonne.
Lyonne.
Not a single person has ever seen the top of Wagandea.
Wagandea has no end.
Akko.
You've grown so much.
I have no need for the Shiny Rod or the seven Words.
I will use the most forceful method I can think of, take the seal on the Grand Triskelion...
And break it.
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
