I can't let Croix do as she pleases any longer.
I can't let Croix do as she pleases any longer.
She must be stopped...
Before it's too late.
I never imagined this could happen.
A new fact has come to light about the contested goal.
Protests, in the meanwhile, are continuing to escalate.
Meanwhile, protests are continuing to escalate.
The opposing faction has ended their silence and launched counterprotests in turn.
In response, the opposing faction has ended their silence and begun counter protests.
Some supporters have even resorted to radical actions.
The two countries have opposed each other in three wars since the middle ages,
We cannot continue this appeasement policy any longer.
There is only one outcome to this long-held appeasement.
They are taking us for soft. This is not just a matter of winning or losing a match anymore.
They scorn us as weak-willed. This is no longer just about winning or losing a game.
Their nation as a whole thinks they can take advantage of us.
The time for compromise is over. We must show them our firm resolve!
The time for compromise is over. We must demonstrate our firm resolve.
You are still a child so long as I must keep cleaning up your messes.
It is your duty and responsibility as next in the Hanbridge line to become a great statesman.
I couldn't even respond.
Didn't I tell you that there was no need to concern yourself?
I had almost fully recovered at that point.
Nearly everything was healed back then.
But it was my fault you even got hurt in the first place.
But I'm glad you came. There's something I needed to talk to you about.
There's something I need to talk to you about.
Fasanshielle Shearyla.
Fasanshielle Shearyla?
The seventh star will shine as it answers to the feelings in your heart.
I've been trying to find the right time to tell you for so long.
Sorry Lotte, can you give me a ride?
H-Hopefully I'll be able to answer it for you.
Are you aware that an abundance of magic energy surpassing the Sorcerer's Stone's output is being gathered?
Don't tell me she was affected by Wagandea's pollen...
Geez, your sudden call caught me at the wrong time.
Geez, how was I supposed to be ready for your sudden call?
I intended to alert you immediately, but I didn't expect calls and emails to be blocked.
All we have around here is one-way messaging through magic. I guess that explains why you contacted Diana.
We've only got one-way communication by using magic. I guess that explains why you contacted Diana.
Seriously though, that was way too little notice. I barely made it on time.
Anyway, I apologize for rushing you. I was on the way to Parliament with my father.
So I figured this timing would work for us both.
Parliament? Wow, that sounds impressive.
Hardly. I'm just attending with my father.
The enmity from a soccer match escalated and ended up exacerbating the hatred between our nation and the other.
The enmity from a soccer match escalated and ended up severely increasing the hatred between the two nations.
Reportedly, there are similar protests within their borders too.
It seems there are similar demonstrations within their borders too.
Our countries have been at ends since the middle ages.
Things were finally starting to improve recently.
And now look how little it took to set us back on edge again.
And yet look how easily we've returned to being on the edge.
It's truly saddening.
Also, that kind of scares me.
They'll be thrilled and laugh and get emotional
They'll laugh?
Then that'll lead to world peace!
That's some unrealistic idealism.
You're not laughing? Usually you'd be snorting at me or something.
It would be wonderful if that could be realized.
Y-You mean I should?
That's right...
Guess they're not.
I'd say not.
You should really try to limit your silliness to the school grounds.
You should really keep your stupidity for when we're on campus.
I remember them at the Wild Hunt too.
I saw all these weird squarey things all over town!
You made those people
You made those people...
The emotion of anger comes within them.
The emotion of anger was born inside them.
All I did was simply enhance it slightly and absorb it.
I simply enhanced it slightly and absorbed it.
Absorbed? But why?
Noir fuel spirit.
Anger, hatred, sadness, jealousy, fear, anxiety
We must have a method to convert some sort of energy into it.
Don't you see how fantastic it would be if we could harvest human emotions as a new source of that very energy?
Don't you see how fantastic it would be if we could convert human emotions into a new energy source?
Crowd psychology is the easiest to manipulate.
I've been gathering emotions using the app...
Professor Croix, you're acting weird.
I can't comprehend incompetent witches who do nothing but chase after unrealistic dreams.
Deflaniard!
You're Shiny Chariot?
Finally realized? Didn't I say you'd meet her soon?
The person you've admired has always been close by pulling the wool over your eyes.
I wanted to tell you it properly.
Why don't you be the one to tell her what happened the day Chariot descended from the stage forever.
What exactly you did to the moon.
Dream fuel spirit.
Magic to convert the power of dreaming into strong magical energy.
So what exactly gives you the right to stop me after using that yourself?
Do you have the right to stop me after using that yourself?
Dream fuel spirit gathers the dreaming energy of everyone in the area and turns it into magic.
But I had no other choice after all the time we spent together.
Never forget.
A believing heart is your magic.
You couldn't reach it yet again.
To the seventh Word.
I can't let Croix go unchecked any longer.
She must be stopped...
Before it's too late.
Never did I imagine this could happen...
I need to tell Akko everything as well.
Take action!
Take action!
Raise your hands!
Raise your hands!
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
So off I go!
kimeta yo
So off I go!
kimeta yo
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
It's showtime!
It's showtime!
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
New facts have surfaced in the goal controversy.
At the same time, protests are continuing to escalate.
The opposing faction has ended their silence and launched counter-protests in turn.
Some supporters have started resorting to extreme measures.
The two countries have been at war three times since the middle ages,
and some are saying this uproar may be the start of a fourth
Our appeasement policy is reaching the end of its life.
They are taking us as weak-willed. This is not just a matter of winning or losing a match anymore.
Their whole nation thinks they can take advantage of us.
The time for compromise is over. We must demonstrate our firm resolve!
Is that really so?
Much time and effort was spent mending our relations. Should we truly be willing to let that go to waste?
What, you think you can mouth off to me again?
Andrew.
This is one issue you cannot stick your nose in.
You should listen to your father's orders.
I overlooked the incident with the witch at Appleton in deference to your father,
but cause any more problems, and I will be forced to act.
I will not allow any defiance.
So long as I must keep cleaning up your messes, you are still a child.
It is your duty and responsibility, as the Hanbridge heir, to become a great statesman.
Bear that in mind henceforth.
I couldn't even give one word in response.
If she had been watching, I'd be getting called a coward about now.
There's Diana's messenger.
Now I'll be able to contact Miss Kagari.
Coming.
Diana?
Good day. Is Akko available?
Diana's looking for Akko? She must be plotting something.
Come on, Sucy!
Akko just left to go see Professor Ursula.
Professor Ursula?
Thank goodness, you really do seem fine now.
Didn't I tell you that there was no need to worry?
I was almost fully healed back then.
But it was my fault you even got hurt in the first place.
Akko, didn't you promise not to say that anymore?
Yeah.
But I'm glad you came.
There's something I needed to talk to you about.
What's that?
I will tell you the seventh and final Word.
Phasansheer Shearylla.
Phasansheer Shearylla?
Not even I know its meaning.
You don't?
Just remember that the final Word
lies within your heart.
Within my heart...
The seventh star will shine in response to the feelings in your heart.
When the seventh star shines, say the final Word.
Okay.
There's one more thing I need to tell you.
Huh? There is?
I've been trying to find the right time to tell you for so long.
Listen, the truth is
Is Akko here?
Lotte?
Huh?! Diana too?
I have a message from Andrew.
He'll be waiting for you at High Street today.
Huh, Andrew said that? Today?
He's got something to give you.
Really? But, today...
What time today?
At three o
Three?!
That's cutting it close.
Professor!
Go ahead. We can continue our conversation after you get back.
Thanks, Professor! I'll be right back!
Sorry, Lotte, but could you give me a ride?
Sure, let's hurry.
Excuse us!
I-It's unusual for you to come here.
There is something I would like to ask you.
You have a question for me?
H-Hopefully I'll be able to answer it for you...
Are you aware of the recent concentration of magic energy, surpassing even the output of the Sorcerer's Stone?
After looking into it, events relating to that matter began after Professor Croix installed her SSS in Luna Nova.
I believe you were old friends with Professor Croix, so I had hoped you might know something about this.
I'm sorry, but something just came up.
Professor?
We'll finish this later!
Professor!
Don't tell me...
Was she affected by Wagandea's pollen?
Geez, out of everyone it could've been, I never excepted you to call for me.
Forgive me, but I wanted to return this.
Oh, right. I forgot it in your car back then.
I intended to alert you immediately, but who'd expect all calls and emails to be barred?
You're telling me.
All we've got is one-way messaging through magic. I guess that explains why you contacted Diana.
Thanks to our families.
Seriously though, that was way too little notice. I barely made it in time.
Don't you know I can't ride a broom?
Why do you sound so proud about that?
Anyway, I apologize for rushing you. I was on the way to Parliament with my father.
I figured this timing would work for us both.
Parliament? Wow, that sounds kinda fancy.
It isn't, really. I'm just accompanying my father.
No goal! No goal! No goal! No goal!
Wh-What's that?
That's actually part of the reason we're heading to Parliament.
What's going on?
The enmity from a soccer match escalated and ended up exacerbating the hatred between our nation and their's.
There seem to be similar demonstrations within their borders too.
Our two countries have been at ends since the Middle Ages.
Only recently were things finally starting to improve.
Yet look how little it took to set us back on edge again.
It's such a shame.
No matter what their reasons are, I just can't understand how they can keep being so angry.
And... it kind of scares me too.
I'm with you.
This is exactly the kind of situation we need Chariot for.
Everyone should go and see Chariot's show.
They'd be thrilled and laugh and get emotional
Then all their anger and negativity will be blown away.
They'd laugh?
And get emotional!
And then, all the world will be at peace!
That's quite the quixotic idealism.
Huh?
You're not laughing? Usually, you'd be snorting at me or something.
I won't laugh.
It would be wonderful if that could turn into reality.
Far better than what's happening right now.
You've come to accept magic just a little bit more than before.
Perhaps my opinion of you has improved slightly over time.
But there's one thing I must say.
You want people to be moved and happiness brought upon them.
But what's the point if you just rely on Chariot and don't do it yourself?
Y-You mean I should do it?
Do you disagree?
No, you've got it right.
Fine, I'll do it!
Oh?
What's with that look? You can bet I'll do it!
Just watch me, Andrew!
That thing!
I saw it before!
Sorry, Andrew! I've gotta go!
See you later!
Sure
What's the point if you don't do it yourself?
That's right...
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
I wonder if things are going well with Akko and Andrew.
Come back!
Wait!
Guess not.
Akko?
You should really try to limit your foolishness to the school grounds.
Look!
That looks like the things that were flying around during the strike.
I remember seeing them at the Wild Hunt too.
Bad stuff happens whenever these things are around.
There too...
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Hey!
Look at that!
Those bastards!
They'll pay for this!
This is war!
It's only getting worse.
Huh? Where's Akko?
Professor Croix?
Professor Croix!
This is bad, Professor Croix!
Why are you here?
Sorry, there's a very complicated reason for that...
I see. So it was only coincidence that brought you to the city.
You don't even have Claimh Solais on you.
Claimh Solais? What's that?
Wait, that's not important right now!
I saw all these weird, square-y things all over town!
They're definitely doing something bad!
Like that!
It's that thing!
Good work.
I developed these in order to convert emotions into energy.
You made those people...?
Not quite.
The emotion of anger comes from within them.
All I did was enhance it slightly and absorb it.
Absorb it? But why?
Noir Fuel Spirit.
You can convert strong human emotions into powerful magic energy.
That is why I am probing the hearts of people around the world
Anger, hatred, sadness, jealousy, fear, anxiety
I want to completely absorb all of those emotions.
Absorb... emotions?
You should be aware as well.
Magic is in decline all around the world.
If nothing is done, magic will one day disappear entirely.
We need a method to generate it from some sort of energy.
Don't you see how fantastic it would be if we could harvest human emotions as a new energy source?
Manipulation is easiest with crowd psychology.
I've been gathering emotions through this app...
And the results far exceed my expectations!
There's more than enough for my world reconstruction plan to come to fruition!
They'll all see magic in a new light!
Professor Croix, you're acting weird!
Stop doing something like that!
Why? Are you saying you wouldn't mind if magic was lost forever?
Magic won't go away! I won't let it!
How?
Feelings by themselves can't change the worldyou must take action.
Still... this is wrong!
Magic...
Magic should be used to make people happy!
You say the same things as Chariot.
That is exactly why she failed.
I can't comprehend incompetent witches who do nothing but chase after unachievable dreams.
This was a waste of time.
Our private lesson ends here.
You stay right there and keep your mouth shut.
Diphulaniado!
Chariot...
Professor... Ursula?
You've never learned how to keep your head down.
Do you still intend to interfere, Chariot du Nord?
Chariot?
You're... Shiny Chariot?
So you finally realized? Didn't I say you'd meet her soon?
The person you've so admired has always been right next to you, pulling the wool over your eyes.
I'm sorry I kept this a secret from you.
I wanted to tell you properly.
That's enough, Croix!
Your methods are mistaken!
Do you intend to stop me?
You? Stop me? I'm surprised you can say that with a straight face.
Don't you remember what you did ten years ago?
Why don't you be the one to tell her what happened the day Chariot descended from the stage forever?
What exactly it was that you did to the moon.
Dream Fuel Spirit.
Magic to convert the power of dreaming into strong magical energy.
What exactly gives you the right to stop me after using that yourself?
That power
Convert the power of dreaming into magic?
Oh, I see how it is now.
So that's the true reason you care so much about her.
Akko.
You saw Chariot's show in the past, didn't you?
Huh?
Dream Fuel Spirit gathers the dreaming energy of everyone in the area and turns it into magic.
And those whose dreams are absorbed...
Lose their magic.
Isn't that right, Chariot?
You tell her yourself.
When I learned that you once saw a Chariot show, I hoped it wasn't true.
I didn't want to believe it.
But after all the time we spent together, I couldn't deny it anymore.
In all likelihood, I was the one who absorbed your magic.
The reason you can't fly...
Is all my fault.
That's a lie...
Come on, Professor Ursula...
Say... it's a lie...
It must be a lie...
It's a lie...
It's a lie...
Never forget.
A believing heart is your magic.
That's a lie!
I doubt she'll be looking for the Words any longer.
Yet again, you couldn't reach it.
The seventh Word.
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
