If you keep adding all that extra stuff, you'll never get it right.
Jasminka, can't you take this more seriously?
Besides, anything you touch is guaranteed to fail.
I'm saying a dunce like you has no right to give anyone a talking to.
I'm saying it's pointless for a dunce to get so worked up.
You're the dunce, Amanda!
I just gave you a little attitude adjustment.
I just kindly adjusted your attitude a little.
I was just kindly adjusting your posture.
As if you can lecture anyone on their attitude!
You ain't got the right to lecture people on their posture.
You've just got a grudge because you lost the race!
Huh?! No, I'm not!
Huh?! I do not!
You dunce have nothing I could even be jealous of!
There's nothing to be jealous of a dunce like you!
I told you that you're the dunce here!
You're the dunce here!
The biggest dunce here...
Jeralitore!
It sounds like you're looking for some punishment.
A punishment that will dry the blood from your veins!
Why not use your time sitting in the corner to settle this?
The matter of which of you is the biggest dunce in school.
The matter of who of you the biggest dunce in school is, that is.
Which of you is the biggest dunce in school.
I don't give a damn what family she's from. That snobby attitude just pisses me off!
A whole herd of dragons came and flew away with it!
Let's go get back the Sorcerer's Stone right away! We'll lend you our help too!
Atsuko Kagari, I am appointing you to hand wash all of the academy's laundry.
Without the Sorcerer's Stone, none of the fairies can move.
Anyway, why are Lotte and me even helping you with your punishment?
Geez! We don't have time to waste doing all this!
Take it down a notch with your pedaling. You're splashing water all the way over here.
So, what are you saying we can do against the dragons?
What are you saying we can do against dragons?
If they're from around here, I wonder if the one from the Rastaban Ruins is among them.
If that dragon is from around here, then maybe it lives in the Rastaban Ruins?
Lotte, you know which one?
It had a reputation as being one of the more brutal dragons back in the day.
But almost nobody's seen it in the last hundred years or so.
Curse you for rising from your hundred year break!
And there she goes with another one of her crazy ideas.
The only thing you should concern yourself with is the laundry.
The only thing you should be doing right now is laundry.
We're not even close to being done with the laundry, though.
This effects you too, Diana!
Without the Sorcerer's Stone, we won't be able to have any more classes!
People like you, who cannot even keep up in class, would certainly only compound the problem if they were to interfere.
If people like you who cannot even keep up in class were to step in, the problem would only be compounded.
Moreover, you act far too much without proper thought.
Would it not benefit us all for you to be more aware of your habit of bothering everyone you involve?
If you continue doing this, then one day even your friends will grow unable to put up with you.
Hey, what's that to you? Leave her alone!
You may have no ambitions, but please do not inconvenience your fellow witches.
Having no goals does not give you the right to inconvenience those around you.
Yes. Due to the fairies current inability to perform their cleaning, laundry, and cooking duties,
We've got incoming!
Are we under the ruins?
You'll get a stomach ache!
I apologize for this late visit.
A-Absolutely not, Fafnir the Great!
Do not think you can wriggle out of this!
Luna Nova has an enormous amount of debt, and they owe it to yours truly.
Luna Nova has an enormous amount of debt, and my name's on the bill!
But I haven't received a single payment of it in the last year.
Not even a cent!
W-We never thought you would make good on your promise...
Fafnir the Great, we beg your understanding.
You have only yourselves to blame for pushing magic as it falls out of favor.
I'm making immense profits from my online investments.
You don't really need the money right now. Don't be a stickler!
I still have things I need to achieve! I won't let you shut down Luna Nova!
I have an ambition. I won't let you shut down Luna Nova!
Promissory note?
You were to have them pay nonexistent interest!
A baseless accusation. There's no such thing as a non-interest loan these days.
the amount of capital Luna Nova has paid off as interest has far exceeded the initial investment.
Regarding the refunding of the overpayments, we will file the proper documentation at a later date.
In the light of these arguments, we request the immediate return of our Sorcerer's Stone, Mister Fafnir.
Considering the stated reasons, we request the immediate return of our Sorcerer's Stone, Mister Fafnir.
It's been quite some time since I've last heard someone spout a line this naive.
I haven't heard someone spout naive line like that in quite some time.
What really sucks is that Diana totally stole the show.
The biggest dunce here is you, Amanda!
It's you, Akko!
Here where our long journey has finally led us
Here where our long journey has finally led us
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
kakedashita hibi ni yukitsuita kono basho
We can push open the door
We can push open the door
fureta tobira hiraite
fureta tobira hiraite
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
In the footsteps of our dreams far beyond the stars
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
hoshizora no kanata yume no ashiato
Pick up the pieces with a song
Pick up the pieces with a song
hiroiatsume utau yo
hiroiatsume utau yo
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
Keep the destination of your dreams nestled in your heart
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
yume ga kaketeku basho ima mo kokoro ni himete
And envelop the night
And envelop the night
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
yoru wo tsutsumikomu
Cast a magic spell
Cast a magic spell
mahou kakete
mahou kakete
And start to dance
And start to dance
odoridasu
odoridasu
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
The landscape looks like it's burning brilliantly
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
yaketsuita you ni irodzuita fuukei wa
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
But you can't see it fallen on the ground
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
koronda kurai ja tokenai kara
The world will keep on turning
The world will keep on turning
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
sekai wa tsudzuku yo
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
Embrace the moment as if it'll never come again
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
hakanai mama no ima wo dakishimete
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
Let's keep walking as we are with the light in our sights
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
kawaranai mama jikan to hikari mitsumete aruiteku
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
Sugar,
spice,
and everything nice!
That would be... pickled plums!
Let's mix!
Another batch of ingredients wasted.
It only gets messed up because of all the extra stuff you put in.
I figured I might as well make it taste good.
Wait up, Constanze.
That's not witch-like at all.
This coming from you?
Want one? They're light and fluffy.
You too, Jasminka. Can't you take this more seriously?
Who cares as long as it gets done?
Besides, anything you touch is guaranteed to fail.
What's that supposed to mean?!
I'm saying it's pointless for a dunce to act so gung-ho.
You can't even ride a broom.
You're the dunce here, Amanda!
Oh, stuff it. Quit yapping into my ear.
What was that?!
What're you doing?!
I just gave you a little lesson in manners.
As if you even know the first thing about manners!
Well, you're just sore about losing the race!
Huh?! I am not!
Your eyes are green with envy.
Who could possibly be jealous of a dunce like you?
I said you're the dunce here!
The biggest dunce...
Is you!
It's you!
It's definitely you!
No, you!
It's you!
No, you!
Scrylla!
Yera Retoure!
That was incredible, Diana!
You're a genius witch!
Ladies, would it trouble you not to disturb the lesson with your vulgar feud?
You are being quite the nuisance.
What?!
Hey, who're you calling vulgar?!
Silence!
It appears to me that you're looking for some punishment.
A punishment that will drain the blood from your veins!
Why not use your time sitting in the corner to settle this matter?
The question of which of you is the biggest dunce in school.
Diana's such a pain in the ass.
Just because she's a little good at magic.
Seriously.
I don't give a damn what family she's from. That snobby attitude just pisses me off!
Take your genius witch and stuff it!
Hey, why am I the only one here taking the cleaning seriously?
Wh-What?
What are those?
Let's get closer!
Get on!
Okay!
Headmistress, it's an emergency!
The Sorcerer's Stone was stolen!
What was that, Kagari-san?
A whole bunch of dragons came and flew away with it!
It seems the oracle was correct.
The dragon's wrath...
Wrath?
What wrath?
Calm down. We are already aware of the situation.
Let's go get the Sorcerer's Stone back right away! We'll lend you our help too!
Wait... we?
That will not do, and that goes double for you.
We will resolve this issue, so you two return to your rooms.
The Sorcerer's Stone is the source of our magic!
We won't be able to use magic at Luna Nova without it, and it doesn't look like you care!
That is enough, Akko and Amanda.
I believe we had assigned you to cleaning duty as punishment.
Th-This isn't the time
Atsuko Kagari, I am appointing you to handwash all of the academy's laundry.
That goes for you too, Amanda O'Neill!
Now, step to it! On the double!
Why do we have to do the laundry?!
It can't be helped.
Without the Sorcerer's Stone, none of the sprites can move.
There's no other option than for us to do the cleaning, laundry, and cooking.
Anyway, why are Lotte and I even helping you with your punishment?
Geez! Why are we wasting our time doing all this?!
Chill out with the pedaling, you're splashing water all the way over here.
What are you saying we can even do against the dragons?
Even the hags were shaking in their bloomers.
Well, legend says that dragons used to slice witches open and slurp out their blood for magic replenishment.
Then they'd eat them, meat and bone.
Gross. But I doubt there are any witch-eating dragons around these days.
Could that mean that instead of witches, they stole the Sorcerer's Stone to replenish their magic?
Maybe, but who knows.
The first dragon from around here that comes to mind is the one from the Rastaban Ruins.
Lotte, you know it?
Back in the day, it was known as one of the more brutal dragons.
But hardly anyone has seen it in the last hundred years or so.
Curse you for rising from your hundred-year break!
I won't forgive you for stealing our precious Sorcerer's Stone at the exact time we're here in school!
You've left us no choice but to take back the Stone ourselves!
And right on cue, there's another one of Akko's crazy ideas.
Give it up.
Diana.
The only thing you should be concerning yourselves with is the laundry.
Do refrain from taking any futile actions.
What'd you come here for?
I have a message from Professor Finneran to relay.
After you've finished the laundry, you are to draw water.
We're not even close to being done with the laundry though.
This affects you too, Diana!
Without the Sorcerer's Stone, there won't be any more classes!
We can't even use any magic.
That doesn't make your plan to confront the dragon yourselves any more likely to succeed.
There's no telling what'll happen unless we try!
I can tell already.
People like you, who cannot even keep up in class, would only compound the problem if they were to interfere.
Moreover, it is far too often that you act without proper thought.
Would it not benefit us all for you to recognize your habit of troubling everyone involved with you?
If this goes on unchanged, then one day even your friends will grow unwilling to put up with you.
Hey, what do you care? Leave her alone!
I haven't forgotten you.
All you do is fool around.
You lack goals, but please don't use that as an excuse to inconvenience those around you.
What did you say?
I've relayed the message.
Th-Thanks for telling us. G-Good night.
Akko.
You're not just gonna let her lay into us and keep quiet about it, right?
Of course not!
Huh? Hold on you two, don't tell me you were serious!
There's no stopping Akko once she's like this.
B-But there's still laundry...
Wh-What about the water?
Huh?!
All right! The dragon hunting squad is ready to rock!
Pardon the intrusion.
C-Can I help you?
Yes. Due to the sprites' current inability to perform their cleaning, laundry, and cooking duties,
I have assigned students to each.
I have come to report to the headmistress.
She's currently away from campus.
At a time like this?
Y-Yes.
Goodness, how rare.
What?
These characters...
Our magic's starting to fill up!
We must be getting close to the Sorcerer's Stone.
Look, I think that's it!
The Rastaban Ruins.
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
There's no question, those are the Rastaban Ruins.
What the heck?!
Over there!
They were the ones who stole the Sorcerer's Stone!
We've got incoming!
Listen up! Let's split into groups!
Over here! Catch me if you can!
Slonhon Deance!
Got them!
What is this?
What's up?
Akko!
Lotte! Sucy!
Constanze! Jasna!
Akko, after them!
Got it!
Akko?
Are you okay?
Ouch...
Is this underneath the ruins?
Looks like we made it in somehow.
Let's look for the others.
Right.
What kind of room is this?
Looks like a kitchen storage room.
You're not gonna tell me it actually eats witches, right?
Hide!
Girls!
This is bad.
Get your claws off them!
Wait, you idiot!
A-Are you planning to eat me?
I don't taste good at all!
You'll get a stomachache!
Probably, definitely, for sure!
So don't eat me!
Pipe down!
Who in their right mind would eat a witch? Not to mention one who looks as rancid as you.
H-How rude! I'm deliciou
Got'cha.
I assume you're the ones who got caught by my security system.
Are you saying...
That's just a food processor?
Looks like you're Luna Nova students.
Did you bring the money you owe me?
The money we owe?
Didn't Headmistress Holbrooke send it with you?
What are you talking about? We just came to take back the Sorcerer's Stone.
I apologize for bothering you this late.
H-Headmistress?
There you are. Come in.
You girls... what in the world are you doing here?
Were these students a ploy to buy you some time, Headmistress?
A-Absolutely not, Lord Fafnir!
So, have you brought my money?
A-About that...
Please accept these instead...
What a heap of junk!
Do not think you can wriggle your way out of this!
What I demand is cold, hard cash!
Would you explain what this whole money thing's about already?
Is it ransom for the Sorcerer's Stone?
Don't make me laugh.
Luna Nova has an enormous amount of debt, and it's owed to yours truly.
But I haven't received a single interest payment on it over the last year.
Not one penny!
No matter how many times I call, all I get are excuses.
I warned you that I'd take your Sorcerer's Stone the next time you ignore me!
W-We never thought you would make good on your threat...
So basically, the Sorcerer's Stone...
Was repossessed because the school defaulted.
Consider it a warning. Even selling it wouldn't cover a fraction of the debt you owe.
How the heck much did we borrow?!
Lord Fafnir, we beg your understanding.
Luna Nova is losing more students each year.
We are barely receiving one-tenth the number of applicants as we were during the golden age of magic.
You have only yourselves to blame for pushing magic while it's falling out of favor.
Look at me!
My online investments are netting me immense profits.
Wh-What is this?
I-If you are so well off, then please have mercy!
I don't want to wait another second!
I will repossess Luna Nova and sell it off myself!
Luna Nova has finally reached its end...
Hey, you grumpy old dragon!
O-Old?
Is that giant heart you have just for show?
It's not like you need the money. Don't be a stickler!
Wh-What was that?
And since you're a dragon and all, what's even the point of making all that money?!
What's wrong with a dragon making money?
Money doesn't discriminate between humans and dragons.
Luna Nova is reaching the end of its usefulness anyway.
All I want is to collect on it before its value drops to nothing.
No, no, no! No way in hell!
I have my own ambitions! I won't let you shut down Luna Nova!
I couldn't care less about that.
You'd better care about what I want! Stingy!
Who're you calling stingy?
You! You stingy dragon!
You return what you borrow. That's how the real world works.
I'll be taking everything that you owe me!
We owe you exactly nothing.
Diana!
Look at this.
This is the promissory note you signed with Luna Nova one thousand years ago.
Promissory note?
That was a promissory note?
Yes, but it's written in ancient Dragonese, so nobody could read it.
And you can, Diana?
Yes, I became fluent at the age of twelve.
There is no mention of interest anywhere on this.
Which means there was never a need to pay interest in the first place.
You abused the fact that our teachers could not read ancient Dragonese and pulled the wool over their eyes!
You had them pay nonexistent interest!
A baseless accusation. There's no such thing as a non-interest-bearing loan these days.
I declare a contract that old invalid!
Then are we to understand that the debt itself is also invalidated?
Th-That's
According to my calculations,
the sum of the payments made by Luna Nova far exceeds the principal sum of the initial debt.
Considering that the interest itself has been invalidated, may we assume the rest of the debt to be cleared?
Regarding the refunding of the overpayments, we will provide you with the proper documentation at a later date.
In light of these arguments, we request the immediate return of our Sorcerer's Stone, Mister Fafnir.
Thank goodness!
We're saved...
I thought that was the end...
The world has no need for dragons or witches in this age of science.
Magic is fated to be forgotten in the near future.
That won't happen!
Even now, magic has the power to move hearts!
It's been quite some time since I've last heard someone spout a line that naive.
Just you watch! I'm gonna become an amazing witch one day and make the whole world gasp in surprise!
Hmph! Is that the dream you were talking about?
That's right!
You'll learn soon enough that no man can live off dreams alone.
Later, Gramps! Try and keep your greed in check.
To think that there were still humans with that look in their eyes.
So in the end, we're back to laundry duty.
What did you expect? We broke the rules and left campus without permission.
Be grateful this is the end of our punishment.
Yeah, but it still sucks that Diana totally stole the show.
You're telling me.
Just how perfect can one girl be?
She's so perfect I wanna hurl.
But that's what makes her worth taking down!
I have no qualms with her as my rival.
Huh?! You're nowhere near good enough for that.
Remember your place as the school's biggest dunce.
The biggest dunce here is you, Amanda!
It's you, Akko!
Say that again!
Why you!
Please just stop it already, you two!
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
I lost sight of everything else
muchuu ni natte oikaketeta
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Chasing after a shooting star
nagareboshi tadotta saki ni
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Longing to know more about this world
hirogaru sekai wo shiritakute
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
Just wishing won't make it come true
kanaetai to negau dake ja nai
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
But if you only push open the door
tobira wo akereba hora
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
You'll be one step closer
chikadzuite yukeru yo
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
Let's go on a journey to find the next page of our story
machikirenai monogatari no tsudzuki wo sagasou
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
You're not the only one who believes in the future
mirai shinjirareru no wa hitori ja nai kara
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
The scenery may be ever-changing
keshiki wa kawatteiku kedo
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
But under this shining sky
kagayaku sora to
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
I'll never let go of the treasures we collected together
meguriatta takaramono itsumademo hanasanai yo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
Through the tears and laughter, eating and sleeping
sou naite waratte tabete nete mo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
And all of the times we were beset by worries
kuyo kuyo shichaisou na toki demo
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
Thank you for staying by my side
soba ni itekurete arigatou
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
See you tomorrow
mata ashita ne
