Can't something fun happen for once?
Every single day bores me to death.
Words, huh? That's all you've been about these days.
The Shiny Rod will lead me to the Words!
When can I expect the materials I requested of you?
She said Cavendish, right? I wonder if something happened to Diana.
Cavendish? I wonder if something happened to Diana.
I was at the club the other night, and I heard that the legendary Holy Grail is at Brightonberry.
I remember Appleton Academy...
It's a famous school bearing more than one thousand years of history.
What surprised me more is that you're looking for the Words.
Unfortunately, researchers of modern magic aren't prone to know much about ancient magic.
But if you can discover the seven Words, that may shed some light on why Chariot du Nord disappeared...
Appleton is famous for its hatred of witches.
That's some crazy stuff...
Damn, girl...
So this is that famous, age-old school?
This is that famous school steeped in tradition?
Metamorphie Westes!
I'll take the hit for us and get myself expelled. That's all there is to it.
I'll take the hit for us and get expelled. That's all there is to it.
Here.
Who do those country's supporters think they are? We'll suppress you in every direct confrontation.
Our dignity will be put on the line with tonight's kickoff.
I'm always saying that our Prime Minister is weak.
Compromise? What our country truly needs is...
Is that how a Louis Blackwell is spoken to?
Is that how you speak to me knowing I'm Louis Blackwell?
Like hell I know you!
Well, that's a surprise.
I never expected to meet a student who didn't show proper respect to a Blackwell.
Why you!
Amanda, chill out!
I thought we eradicated them with the familiar exterminator!
Rats are witches familiars! Their underlings!
We had them all eliminated in order to prevent the witches from deceiving and corrupting our holy place of learning!
We eliminated them all to prevent the witches from deceiving and corrupting our holy place of learning!
You think I'd really say Yes, of course and do whatever you want?
This is a normal rat that would get hunted by a fox if you threw it in a field.
You don't have a problem with that, I presume?
Do you have a problem with that?
To what do we owe the honor of witches?
How would I be able to look for the Words then?
Obviously! Everything is to become a witch who can give people dreams like she did.
S-Sure, nobody may want me to do it...
I cannot understand why you go to such lengths when nobody has asked you to.
Life is not about my wants.
The things I must do have been decided.
No matter how much I fail or lose heart, it's something I decided for myself.
I'll become someone who can make everyone laugh and fill their hearts with excitement like Chariot!
What if you're unable to fulfill your dream?
I'll fulfill it!
And I won't give up before I fulfill it!
So if I could ask a favor of you...
What good would it do to sow the seeds of disorder in a troublemaker...
Those...
What are they?
That's a pretty dirty trick you're using.
Wanna cheat, you better learn from the best.
If you wanna cheat, learn from the best.
Why, you!
Crap, I forgot Akko still had the leyline router!
Don't get caught, Akko.
The verdict is guilty, the punishment torture, of course.
There is a proper way for respected members of our glorious Appleton to resolve conflicts!
Fine then.
the two parties are allowed to engage in a fair duel under the watchful eyes of the knight statue.
the two parties are allowed to engage in a fair duel under the protection of the knight statue.
It's been a tradition since our founding.
If you win, I'll free both the rat and Grail.
But if you lose, both you and the rat will be judged, and the Grail will be broken.
What the?!
I don't need to fight a witch fair and square!
There's no need to fight fairly against a witch!
It'd be a waste for a bastard like you!
A witch without magic is more worthless than a commoner!
Looks like this match is over.
Was this a good enough experience for the Word?
Is this a good enough experience for the Word?
Hey, is this supposed to be that Word magic?
Hey, hey, is supposed to be that Word magic?
Shit, if I could at least use magic...
Adrew!
Huh? It's those again...
Oh, Louis! Look what the witch has done to you!
You may be a Hanbridge, but how will you explain what's happened to my son?!
It is indeed the case that she trespassed into our school.
As you are aware, when two parties disagree they may face each other here.
Before I knew what came over me, the situation was chaotic and I was on the verge of death.
She saved my life.
You're actually feeling guilty for once.
Yeah, I am.
I know you just feel refreshed since you got to go wild.
True that! I'm never bored when you're around.
It wouldn't be any fun without you here, so don't even think of quitting.
Can't something interesting happen for once?
I'm just bored to death every single day.
It's all rules, work, and punishment.
I'm getting outta this stuffy school for good.
When's that?
Tomorrow.
You said the same thing just the other day.
I mean it this time!
Anyway, what's got you so focused?
Doing research about the Words.
The Words, huh? That's all you've been about these days.
If I keep looking for the Words, I'm sure I'll find Chariot!
And it's the Shiny Rod that will lead me to the Words!
Professor Ursula!
Look, the Shiny Rod!
The fifth Word, I see.
This one is related to ancient history and tradition.
History and tradition?
Yes, it's
Professor Ursula!
When can I expect the materials I requested you to collect?
M-My apologies!
I'll be right there!
Honestly, and right when the Cavendish family is having a crisis...
Sorry, Akko! Just give me a minute.
Heave-ho!
The Cavendish family? I wonder if something happened to Diana.
Forget Diana!
I was at the club the other night, and I heard that the legendary Holy Grail is in Brightonbury.
The legendary Holy Grail?
Rumor says the Grail's been carefully tucked away over in Appleton Academy.
Seems that it was used in one of Appleton's traditional ceremonies of some sort.
And Appleton Academy was...
It's a famous school with over one thousand years of history to its name.
Professor Croix!
Sorry, I didn't intend to eavesdrop.
That said, I was surprised to learn that you're looking for the Words.
Do you know about the Words?
Maybe you have some idea of the one that's related to history and tradition?
I'm sorry to disappoint, but researchers of modern magic tend not to be well read in ancient magic.
Ugh...
But discovering the seven Words may shed some light on why Chariot du Nord disappeared...
Looks like we gotta go.
But Professor Ursula...
What?!
Whatever, let's go!
Hey, wait! Amanda!
Take care.
Appleton is famous for its disdain of witches.
The legendary Holy Grail...
Take action!
Take action!
Raise your hands!
Raise your hands!
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Release the shutter on this scene like it's the moment of a lifetime
One scene shattaa kiru you ni setsuna wo utsushite
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Turn it into a story that can speak for itself
tsukuriageru na mo naki hitotsu no story
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
Every single one of us can become a hero
watashitachi wa dare datte hiiro ni nareru
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
The possibility hides within us, don't you think?
kanousei wo himeta sonzai, sou deshou?
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Your first steps forward can be small to start
fumidashita ippo ga hajime wa chiisaku tatte
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
Keep it up, and we can create a brand-new future
kitto atarashii mirai wo egaki daserunda
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
I'll always believe no matter what
donna toki mo shinjiteiru yo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
In this world and in my dreams
kono sekai wo, jibun no yume wo
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
This uncontrollable urge is compelling me to begin
osaekirenai shoudou wa hajimari no aizu datte sa
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
Telling me to go out and find the me I haven't become yet
mada watashi ga shiranai watashi ni deau tame
So off I go!
kimeta yo
So off I go!
kimeta yo
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Don't be afraid to try again
osorenaide try again
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
Keep getting up and fly away
nando datte fly away
It's showtime!
It's showtime!
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Oh I don't want to miss a thing
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Starting from here
kono basho kara
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
This is crazy...
So this is that famous, traditional school?
I feel hella out of place here.
In trouble won't be the half of it if they find us.
Metamorphie Vestesse!
I'll take the hit for us and get myself expelled. You don't need to worry.
That joke isn't funny.
Andrew!
Lend me that!
There you go.
Metamorphie Faciesse!
He's the son of some Earl or something, right?
All right, let's go hunt for the Holy Grail!
Why the heck's this place so big?
Where are you, Holy Grail?
Who do those foreign supporters think they are? Just wait until we put the thumbscrews on you when we next meet.
Our honor is on the line with tonight's kickoff.
Whether in soccer or politics, we'll crush them and silence their nation for good.
As I always say, our Prime Minister is just too soft.
He values compromise? What our country truly needs is...
Strong statesmen!
Strong statesmen!
Well said, son.
You too, Father.
Call me Chairman here!
Yes, Chairman.
Whoops, my bad.
I don't recognize you. What class are you in?
Who knows? I can't recall.
What's with that attitude?!
Huh?!
Are you speaking to me like that knowing I'm Louis Blackwell?
Like hell I'd even know you!
Color me surprised, then.
I never expected to find a student at Appleton lacking respect for a Blackwell.
My father is the Chairman and this country's Minister of Defense!
Oh, is that so? You'll have to excuse my rudeness!
Back off!
Why, you...!
Amanda, settle down!
What've you got there? Show me.
S-Squeak.
A rat! There was still a rat!
The familiar exterminator was supposed to eradicate them all!
Familiar exterminator?
Rats are the witches' familiars! Their underlings!
We had them all eliminated in order to prevent the deception and corruption of witches in our holy place of learning!
What kinda school is this?
Hand it over!
And now you expect an obedient Yes, of course! from me, right?
What's going on, Louis?
He has a familiar!
Come now, are you serious?
This is an ordinary rat, no more than fodder for foxes if you threw it in a field.
I'll let it outside.
Can I presume you take no issue?
Hmph, pompous prick.
So?
What gives us the honor of a visit from witches?
Why'd you have to try and start a fight?!
How would I've been able to look for the Word then?
Oh, shut it! I don't give a rat's ass about the Words.
Then why'd you even come?
I wanted to go out with a bang before I quit Luna Nova.
That's so selfish!
Yeah, what of it? I'll do what I want.
You're on your own too.
Wh-What's with you?
I suppose I should at least ask.
Why are you here?
I came to find a Word.
There are seven ancient Words that make up a spell,
and I'm going to find Chariot along with them.
You still admire that witch?
Obviously! Becoming a witch who can give people dreams like she did means everything to me!
Even though nobody wishes that of you?
S-Sure, maybe nobody wants me to do it...
I cannot understand why you'd go to such lengths when nobody ever asked you to.
It's because I want to do it! Aren't you the same?
Haven't I told you before?
There is a certain conduct expected of a Hanbridge.
Everyone around me expects me to become a great leader of this country.
I have a responsibility to answer them.
You go on about expectations and responsibility, but is that really what you want to do?
Life is not about what you want.
The things I must do have already been decided.
Nothing is decided.
No matter how much I fail or lose heart, this is something I decided for myself.
I'll become someone who can make everyone laugh and fill their hearts with excitement, like Chariot!
And what if you're unable to fulfill your dream?
I will fulfill it!
I'll never give up until I do!
So I have a favor to ask...
Do you know anything about the legendary Holy Grail?
Even if I did, I have no obligation to tell you.
What good would it do to sow the seeds of disaster in a troublemaker...
Like... you...
Those...
What are they?
Isn't this...
The legendary Holy Grail? Found it!
I've gotta tell Amanda!
Justice! Good game!
Louis beat us again.
Lady Luck has her eye on me.
Please smile upon me next.
You won't catch her attention that easily.
That's one dirty trick you're pulling there.
Wh-What are you talking about?
Look.
Stop!
Hey, Louis!
Whoa, let me explain.
I saw through your bluff.
If you wanna cheat, you better learn from the best.
Why, you...!
Oh, you want some?
I-Isn't that
Oruihon Deance!
Crap, I forgot Akko's still got the leyline router on her!
It's a witch!
No wonder I didn't recognize you!
Hey, goddammit! Let me go!
Which means that rat is one too.
Little Witch Academia
Little Witch Academia
There.
That one's coming off!
This doesn't feel right. Did something happen to Amanda?
Done, next is over here!
We're busted! Amanda!
What motive brought you to Appleton?
No matter.
We'll figure it out once we capture the rat.
There are ways of making you talk.
Don't get yourself caught, Akko.
Amanda! Are you okay?
I'm coming to save you!
Stay away, stupid!
Why'd you try to rescue me?
We'll have more chances to escape!
Let us begin the witch trial.
The verdict is guilty and the punishment torture, of course.
That's not a trial at all!
That ain't a trial or anything!
Isn't this how it's always been? Witches are meant to receive judgement.
By the way...
What's this?
Stop, not that!
You seriously found the Holy Grail?
It's something you witches need?
We'll have to break it!
Stop!
What's going on?!
So that's it.
Are you planning to interfere, Andrew?!
Louis, I have no intention of criticizing your ideology.
But at the same time, I cannot see you as a gentleman!
We're simply passing judgement on the intruding witches!
True, those girls trespassed on our campus.
But I won't condone a violent punishment.
As respectable members of our renowned school, we have an established way to resolve conflicts.
Fine, then.
I'll take you up on it!
In the case of irreconcilable differences at our academy,
the two parties are allowed to engage in a fair duel under the watchful eyes of the knight statues.
This is a tradition that goes back to our very founding.
If you win, I will release both the rat and the Grail.
But if you lose, both you and the rat will receive judgement, and the Grail will be broken to bits.
Amanda, this might be the key to reviving a Word.
For real? It's one of your experiences?
Well...
What are you mumbling about? En garde!
We begin when this falls.
What the?!
The hell're you doing?!
It didn't fall yet!
There's no need to fight a witch fair and square!
Amanda!
Fall!
What's wrong?
Why not use some of your fabled magic?
That'd mean wasting it on a bastard like you!
A witch without magic is worth even less than a commoner!
Keep babbling! I don't need to answer to you!
Damn!
You're finished!
We have a winner, wouldn't you say?
Yay! Amanda, that was so cool!
Was this a good enough experience for the Word?
Maybe. I dunno.
Huh?!
Shit!
As if I'd give this...
Hey, what do you think you're doing?!
To a witch!
What the heck?
Huh? What happened?
Hey now, is this supposed to be that Word magic?
Help me!
What is that thing?
No, that's not a Word at all!
Explain what's going on!
Don't ask me! This was your Holy Grail!
You're breaking the rules here.
Shit, if only I could use magic...
Crap!
Look out!
Aw man...
I-I meant to do that!
Found it!
Andrew!
Get this to Amanda!
Amanda!
Catch!
Thanks!
Now that I've got this...
Eat this!
Huh? It's those things again...
Well, whatever.
You okay?
Th-Thanks...
Amanda!
Sorry about the Grail, Akko.
There's no way that thing was related to a Word.
It must've been a demon sealed inside it a long time ago or something.
You sure?
More importantly...
This looks pretty bad...
What is the meaning of this?!
Father...
A witch? So it was your doing!
Oh, Louis! Look what that witch has done to you!
Capture her at once!
Respond! Don't just stand there!
You're mistaken.
Andrew! Are you protecting the witch?
You may be a Hanbridge, but how will you explain what's happened to my son?!
It is indeed the case that this girl trespassed on our school grounds.
In response, Louis proposed to enact a cruel and unusual punishment.
As you are aware, parties in disagreement may face each other in this place.
They simply followed Appleton's tradition.
She ended up winning their duel.
Were you brainwashed by that witch?
I wasn't, Father.
Before I knew what came over me, the situation devolved into chaos and I found myself on the verge of death.
This girl saved my life.
It was all my fault!
Wh-What are you saying?
I'll take care of the rest. You've finished your business here, haven't you?
Get going.
Um, thanks for saving me.
Also, uh...
Didn't you get what you came for?
Go.
Akko, about today... I'm sorry for all the crazy stuff I caused.
You're actually feeling guilty for once.
Well, guess I am.
But you feel refreshed too, now that you got to go wild!
Can't say I don't! I sure don't get bored when you're around.
And it wouldn't be any fun without you around either, so don't even think of quitting!
Can't make any promises.
I wanna go on more adventures with you!
Like this?
What're you doing?!
Case 622: Experiment complete.
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
Even though I just learned another spell
oboetate no jumon ja
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
The things I want to do are still out of reach
kanawanai koto bakari dakedo
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
My skills are no match for my fantasies
imeeji suru no wa ima yori takaku
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Yet my heart leaps out to meet them
tobitachi odoridasu kokoro
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
Breaking my tiny shell one layer at a time
chiisana kara nandomo nugisutete
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I won't let my reckless abandon go to waste
gamushara dake de owarasenai
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
I'll leave who I was yesterday behind
kinou no watashi wo koeru you ni
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
Unfurling my transparent wings to the sky
toumei na tsubasa habatakasetara
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
I feel I can get closer to the tomorrow of my ideals
akogareteta ashita e kitto chikadzukeru ki ga shiterunda
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
Putting together the shards of a starry sky that I found
mitsuketa hoshizora no kakera musunde
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
I'll keep on chasing my dream to learn even more
motto shiritai yume wo ou yo
