-meepmeep-
TS-Note: Bet from where Ririko's Border Color comes from. (b-)b
Who is that?
Don't you know? She's the math teacher, Ririko-sensei.
Didn't she start last week?
Don't go making such trivial comments.
What incredible pheromones!
I want her to teach me too!
Oh no!
Pie R Squared!
Okay!
Everyone, let's use the surface area of the circle to calculate the volume of this cone!
Yes!
This is weird... I don't understand any of this all of a sudden!
Well then, for this question...
Aono-kun?
Y-Yes!
Aono Tsukune-kun, please try to solve this.
I-I don't know how.
How useless!
You don't even know how to do such an easy question!
Tsukune...
Did you listen to my lesson?
You can't space out you know.
Final exams are coming soon.
Please do your best.
Y-Yes.
I forgot all about it! If this continues, I won't be able to advance to second year!
Tsukune...
Eh? You want me to teach you math?
Y-Yes...
Just by getting used to this school is already tiring me out.
And I always get dragged into lots of situations, so I couldn't concenrate well on studies...
Please save me, Moka-san!
I beg you!
Okay, if it's within my power.
Really?!
If that's the case, could you come to my room tonight?
Let's study together.
I'm sure I can help you in many ways that way.
In many ways?!
This is bad, if I go to Moka-san's room,
I-I-I t-totally won't be able to study at all!
I'll also do my best for Tsukune.
Moka-san...
I'll do my best to help you, because...
Moka-san...
You always let me suck your blood!
Kappuchu!
So it was because of that!
Hold it right there!
I heard everything.
Sine, Cosine, Tangent. In 794, Heiankyou was made the capital of Japan.
If it's studying, then you should just do it with me.
No!
Speaking of studying, that's my specialty!
Now now, Tsukune-san, let's study together!
Hey,
I haven't come to school in a while, so can I study with you guys?
I'm really happy about everyone's feelings,
But it's still Moka-san that I want to...
Yes, that's right, it's better if all us study together!
Shall we go to the clubroom and study now?
To find the tangent line, in other words,
To find the slope at a certain point on a function f(x), you need to use differential calculus.
To find the area under a function g(x), on the other hand, you might divide the area into rectangles of area g(x)dx.
And that is the principle behing integral calculus.
How was it, did you understand it?
Yeah, as expected from Moka-san, your teaching is great!
Don't say that.
Geez, you two are staring at each other again!
I really don't understand it, woof woof!
Then,
What's the difference between differentiation and integration and addition and subraction?
But seriously, Moka-san's notebook is really easy to understand.
Your writing is beautiful and your points are arranged neatly and makes it really easy to understand!
I'm embarrassed.
Ah, then let me write a copy for you!
I'd feel bad though, Moka-san.
How about I photocopy...
It's for your sake after all. I'll work hard!
Moka-san.
Tsukune.
Moka-san.
Tsukune.
Moka-san.
Tsukune.
You guys are staring at each other too long.
Today, I studied so hard that I'm exhausted!
Yeah, you did, Tsukune!
My, Aono-kun.
Ririko-sensei.
Club activities till this late?
Ah... we were just having a study group...
Study group?
That's not good at all.
I acknowledge your passion for it,
But if lots of students gather together to study,
In the end everyone will just fool around and not learn anything at all.
That's not true...
Y-Yeah! Tsukune was working hard-
Akashiya-san, you can't help Aono-kun at all.
Eh?
No matter how good your grades are,
You need a professional educator to teach someone else.
Eh?
Tsukune!
Aono-kun, please come to the remedial room tomorrow after school.
Studying is a wonderful thing.
I will show-it-to-you.
Yes...
So, then, let's just skip to after school the next day.
It's the end of the day already...
I heard this from my 4th period class.
She may be very into education but,
She always gets too obsessed and goes overboard.
I-I see...
And she goes boing boing,
gets worshipped by the boys,
and it kinda pisses me off!
B-Boing?
Feeling frustrated that those breasts you're so proud of are losing to someone else's?
That's so childish!
Yukari-chan, you're the one that's a child, right?
Look at this flat chest.
It's better than something that's big and useless!
It'll get bigger.
You idiot, my breasts are popular because of their softness, not their size.
How naive!
My innocent flat chest is my selling point!
But it's still flat.
Shut up, you big breasted woman!
What?! Flat-chested, flat-chested, flat-chested!
They'll sag as you get older!
Even if it sags, it's still better than you, who has nothing at all!
Hey, what are the both of you doing?
Still, Tsukune, rather than going to remedial classes in the summer,
It's better if you work hard right now.
Yeah, if you don't get at least a 50 on the final,
You'll have to sacrifice your summer vacation for remedial classes.
Tsukune?
That's right, I completely forgot about it!
It's summer vacation right after exams!
Moka-san, I'll do my best and get good grades!
And after that, let's have fun during summer!
Tsukune...
Yeah, let's play some dangerous games then.
No, you must come and have a sweet and sour prepubescent experience with me!
Do you want to have some shaved ice of dawn?
Excuse me, I'm here for remedial class. I'm Aono Tsukune from Class 1-3.
I'm coming in!
I've been waiting for you, Tsukune-kun.
W-W-What's with that outfit?!
My, I thought you would study better if I wore this outfit.
Who would?!
It'll just cause a ton of weird imaginations in my head!
This is weird! Sensei, what are you trying to-
Weird?
How can it be weird?
I'm a teacher.
In the education system, teachers are respected leaders.
And on the other hand, students are the teacher's slave.
Ririko-sensei, please stop...
My, you have such a young and wonderful scent.
It's as if you were human.
T-That's just your imagination!
But it's the first time I've smelled such a wonderful smelling student.
It'll be interesting to see what I can teach you.
Now then, why don't we start, Tsukune-kun?
My after class lessons are very strict.
I wonder if Tsukune is working hard now.
You can't help Aono-kun at all.
But...
This shouldn't be all I can do for Tsukune...
Basketball sure is tiring...
What's next period again?
Isn't it math?
Please tutor me, Yukari-chan!
I decline!
What are you doing?!
Just tutor me!
I'm not ready for the test!
Oh, Tsukune!
A = cos(120) + isin(120)
H-He's memorizing mathematical formulas!
Furthermore, these are very difficult formulas we haven't learned yet!
Amazing!
You're working really hard, Tsukune!
Will you please tutor me?
Good morning, Tsukune!
You see... Even though Ririko-sensei said that stuff,
I thought I could still help Tsukune a bit.
So I made you a notebook for the test.
If you'd like, I'd like you to use it...
Tsukune?
What are you doing?
What's this?
Amateurs shouldn't do unnecessary things.
Using such a thing to tempt Aono-kun...
How shameful!
I'm not tempting him or anything!
Seriously...
It's because of you people that Aono-kun hasn't been able to concentrate on his studies up until now.
Now, let's go, Tsukune-kun.
Tsukune...
So... it really was my fault that Tsukune hasn't been able to study?
Tsukune-kun, let's work hard together today too!
You should be gradually understanding the wonders of studying, right?
M-Moka-san...
You still harbor evil thoughts?
Get on all fours!
What a nice scent!
I get horny the moment I get a whiff of your scent!
Go on... Harder, rougher!
Great! This is really good, Tsukune!
Let today's special lesson b-e-g-i-n!
I'll teach you well today too!
Tsukune!
It feels great! Just like that, Tsukune-kun!
It feels great!
Absorb more! Come, absorb till you've gotten enough of it!
While you're doing this, will you only think of your teacher and studying?
That's it! That's great, Tsukune-kun!
Stop it!
Sensei, what are you doing to Tsukune?!
Akashiya Moka, is it you again?
We're in the middle of some important studying.
Don't interrupt me!
In Greek mythology,
There is a monster with an upper body of a human and a lower body of a snake.
That is the true form of Ririko-sensei: Lamia!
I've dedicated my entire life to teaching!
I definitely won't allow someone like you defile this place!
Now, let's continue studying, Tsukune-kun.
Trust in me, it's for your own good.
Don't do it! Come back, Tsukune!
Look! This is the trust between students and teachers!
Education is so magnificent!
What are you doing?
Shirayuki-san!
What do you want now?!
Your fiery temper is unsightly.
Let me cool you down a bit...
Hurry, go get Tsukune.
I won't let you!
You, who seldom comes to school, must be taught a good lesson!
Shirayuki-san!
How dare you do that, you bitch!
I'm your teacher!
What I'm doing is for your own good!
You can't even understand this, you little bitch!
What a child!
What a bad child!
Handwriting... Moka-san's handwriting...
Then let me write a copy for you!
It's for you sake after all. I'll work hard!
Come, receive my education and guidance!
Tsukune?
Sorry, Moka-san, sorry it took for long for me to wake up.
Tsukune...
What are you doing, Tsukune-kun! Move away!
You prepared a notebook for me, right?
Are you listening to your teacher?!
Thank you...
I'll accept your notes!
Tsukune!
I'll let you all receive education and guidance from me!
Once the rosary on her chest is removed,
The vampire blood within Moka will awaken.
Is this what you call education and guidance?
You're only a student... What about it?!
I'm not your student, though.
What did you say?!
You're intoxicated by being a teacher,
You foolish narcissist.
Let me give you true education and guidance!
How was it? Did it work?
Yes... Thank you for your guidance.
This week's winner was decided in only 31 seconds!
Sheesh... Not showing any mercy at all.
And so, we move on to the day of the final exam!
I can't do this... all the knowledge that Ririko-sensei absorbed into me is gone!
Good luck, Tsukune!
How did it go, Tsukune?
How did you feel about the test?
Umm... How do I put it... I tried my best...
But I won't regret it, no matter what the outcome is.
That's because even if it was only a few days, I was able to study together with you!
Thank you, Moka-san.
For not giving up and teaching me until the very end.
That notebook was also really useful, and having you with me really helped me!
Thank you very much, Moka-san.
Moka-san?
Tsukune!
There's a test tomorrow too!
Kappuchu!
And so, our first summer vacation has finally arrived!
I have to go to the extra lessons...
I even taught you so much...
Finally, our summer vacation!
Look, Tsukune!
Look here too!
Look at me too...
Next, Summer Vacation and a Vampire,
And a kappuchu for you!
