Sign: Vampire Fanclub
Sign: Public Safety Commission
W-We're really sorry!
Please give us more time!
That was different from what we discussed.
The tribute should have been paid yesterday.
It was all because we bought new training equipment instead...
But we'll definitely pay...!
Mom!
Help!
This is really boring.
Let's slack off like this then.
I agree totally.
Students who are not serious shall be punished in the name of justice!
The Public Safety Commission!
T-This is bad!
Run for it!
So this is how the Newspaper Club gathered evidence against the Public Safety Commission's tyranny.
Just as the rumors say, they really do whatever they want.
All that's left is to gather evidence from the victims themselves.
But then, even if we were to go and ask them, they probably won't help.
They're all afraid of retaliation.
But at this rate, we can only put out a half-completed article.
We'll have to try to find informants.
I've already found one.
M-Mizore-chan, when did you...
The way you call me... is nice.
Anyway, what did you find?
An informant.
Eh?!
A club that can't pay the tribute and is about to crumble,
I spoke to them.
Who the heck is that woman?
She looks a little cute though.
But she sends a chill down my spine.
Hey.
S-She's still looking at us...
Even though I can't see her, this chill is unmistakable.
Hey.
YES!
Tell me about the Public Safety Commission.
P-Public Safety Commission?!
W-We don't know anything about it!
Is that the truth?
If you guys were to lie to me...
I will stalk and freeze you all.
She's scary!
I'm going to freeze to death!
So that's what happened.
Umm...
That was a great help, Shirayuki-san.
Those guys are superior in stalking but once they're the targets, they can't take it.
Excuse me...
Sorry for intruding.
Anything I can do for you guys?
Do you know the guys from the Fanclub Alliance?
Oh, those guys were taken away by the Public Safety Commission-
Hey!
I-I don't know anything about it!
Wait a minute!
The Public Safety Commission?
What do you mean by that?
Enough of this, go back already!
This has nothing to do with us!
Excuse me.
What's the matter?
I heard some interesting news from the low-breeds I brought back to silence.
Interesting... news?
And so, we go on to tomorrow morning!
Good morning, Tsukune!
What's wrong? You seem a bit sleepy.
I was thinking about how we were going to gather evidence and I ended up being unable to sleep.
Is that so...
The evidence we have now can't be written into an article that can expose their tyranny.
If we don't have concrete evidence...
Tsukune...
What?
Compared to when you first entered school, I feel that you've become much stronger.
Really?
I feel kind of...
Oh my, this fragrance...
Could it be that Moka-san...
wants it like always?
Yes, like always...
Kurumu-chan kick!
It's going to be a busy day today!
You can't start sucking Tsukune's energy right from the start of morning!
Let's gather our energy and continue to search for more materials!
I'll stalk those who seem to have information even harder.
Yeah, just thinking about it is of no use. We have to take action!
Yeah!
I wonder who my prey will be today.
That's...
And this is why
this article's description is frightening.
These descriptions...
The Public Safety Commission?
Why?
I'm having a class right now, but what's the matter?
No need to worry.
It will be over in a jiffy.
Aono Tsukune.
Yes?
You are suspected of being a human.
Aono-kun?
It can't be...
But it's true that no one know of his true form...
Thus, we, the Public Safety Commission, will take you in for questioning.
Wait a minute!
Yeah, there's no way there could be humans in this school!
Please don't give weird excuses to find us at fault-
Silence!
What's with this man's demonic power...
Judging from the situation, you guys might be accomplices too.
Akashiya Moka, Kurono Kurumu and Shirayuki Mizore.
All of you must come for questioning too.
Accomplices...?
How? How was my cover blown...?
Tsukune?
What's wrong?
Don't worry, you're not a human.
I'll be your witness.
E-Everyone... please stay calm!
Don't tell me this guy is...
He's...
Aono Tsukune!
What about the other members of the newspaper club?
Sendo Yukari from first year and Morioka Ginei from second year.
Morioka Ginei... I haven't heard that name in a while.
Shall we arrest him?
Leave him be.
If he hasn't forgotten what happened last year, he won't put up a fight.
Now is the only time to save everyone!
No!
Gin-senpai...
How do you intend to fight all of them by yourself?
Please let me go!
If I don't go, if I don't go, everyone will...
You must endure it for now!
That's why I warned you guys...
I'm not a human!
Putting that aside, where have you brought Moka-san and the others to?
Don't worry, we haven't done anything to them.
For now that is.
Calm down.
They are being questioned like everyone else.
Everyone else?
Yeah, I did smell something human in him.
And he sits next to me too.
I always felt that he emitted a strange smell.
Aono?
I remember his sports results were the worst.
That kind of physical ability is like that of a human.
Yes, I will smell something human occasionally.
The reason that Akashiya-san kisses him is...
I smell it, I smell it!
He's suspicious sometimes...
They're always together!
Now that you mention it, when Akashiya Moka is in a pinch,
I've never seen him change into a monster to protect her.
Aono-kun? He has a very nice fragrance in him just like a human.
As you can see, no matter who we ask,
Everything points to you being a human.
Even your comrades...
This is...!
Do you really think he's not a human at all?
Of course!
Why are you so sure of that?
Because... humans can't attend this school.
So, do you know what kind of monster Aono Tsukune is?
That...
You've never seen it.
Never, right?
That...
But showing one's true form at whim is against the school rules here.
Exactly as you said.
Then Tsukune is abiding by the rules.
I'll admit that's true too.
What's with you not showing your monster form when your friends are in a pinch?
What are you implying?
I'm just saying that Aono Tsukune is just a timid coward.
You're wrong... Tsukune is...
I've already investigated.
You have always been sucking Aono Tsukune's blood.
Vampires love human blood the most,
That's why Aono Tsukune is human.
That's not it!
I suck Tsukune's blood because it's tasty...
It's not because he's human.
I've also investigated one more issue.
Vampires fear fresh water.
That's right.
In this cup is fresh water.
N-No...
Moka-san!
At this rate, even your friends will become like those guys over there.
Those guys over there?
They told us about the time you guys fought each other.
Aono Tsukune was just as weak as a human.
No matter how badly he got beat up, he never resorted to transforming.
You had better come clean.
If you don't want Akashiya Moka to end up like those guys too.
Moka-san!
There is a little pond behind this shrine too.
If the investigation takes too long, I'll sink Akashiya Moka there.
Stop it!
Damn it!
What's wrong?
Isn't now the time for you to return to your true form...
That's right, your monster form?
That way, wouldn't you be able to defeat the people who are pressing down on you?
Even if you don't do that, just by transforming into a monster,
The suspicions of you being a human will be cleared and your friends be released.
What's wrong, Aono Tsukune?
Are you truly a human?
Moka-san...
Moka-san.
This time, I'll be saying farewell for real...
T-That's right, I'm a human so hurry up and release Moka-san!
Did you hear that, everyone?
Tsukune...
No way... Tsukune is...
Is that true?
Many layers of magic have been deployed in this shrine.
Not only can there be separate rooms,
but it can also become a large hall at will.
No way...
Tsukune, it doesn't matter what happens to me, so why did you reveal that?
Moka?
Up until now, we were able to conceal that fact...
But now...
You knew about Tsukune, didn't you?
Wait, Kurumu-chan! This isn't Moka-san's fault!
Don't come close to me!
Fighting amongst yourselves?
Well, you had been hiding your true identity up until now.
It was to be expected.
I never had such intentions from the start...
Throw them out.
However, Akashiya Moka will be different.
Confine her in the specially constructed jail.
H-Hey! This isn't what we agreed to!
She kept your identity a secret even though she knew the truth.
It's obviously the same offense.
No way...
Tsukune!
Moka-san!
No! Let go, let go!
Tsukune!
Tsukune!!!
Moka-san!
Tsukune!!!
Now, members of the Public Safety Commission.
In the name of our school's justice,
would you please pass the verdict for Aono Tsukune?
Guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Guilty.
Aono Tsukune. Your sentence has been decided.
Execution.
Damn it! That's why I said not to provoke the Public Safety Commission!
Kurumu-san and Shirayuki-san!
You girls are okay?
That's great! What about Tsukune-san and Moka-san?
He's a human...
Huh? I can't hear you.
Tsukune...
is a human.
N-No way...
It's true.
Tsukune admitted it himself.
What did you say?
That's a lie! How can Tsukune-san be a human?
It seems like Moka was the only one who knew about it.
I finally know the reason why Moka loves Tsukune's blood so much.
That's true... he seemed too stupid to be a monster.
I've always found it strange.
Come to think of it, when we were at the human world, only his reaction was different from everyone else's.
To be honest, I feel somewhat betrayed.
Shirayuki-san?
Wise choice.
I won't be coming to the club room for a while.
You guys should think about whether you should apologize to the Public Safety Comission, or hiding until this issue is settled.
Think through...
Hey Yukari-chan...
How do you feel about humans?
T-That's...
When I was young, I lived in a small protected village located in the valley of a deep mountain.
I've always heard about humans being very scary.
Our people have always suffered from Witch Hunts and other scary events long ago.
Me too...
I always thought that human males existed only to be our slaves.
A small and meaningless existence.
But!
Announcement for the student body.
We will now hold the public execution for Aono Tsukune, the human who secretly entered our school groups.
Under the interrogation of the Public Safety Commission,
he has admitted that he is a human.
Hence, we will now deal capital punishment.
No way... That's a human?
Hey, get a whiff of his scent.
This scent...
There is the smell of a human!
But you know, even though I hate humans, isn't execution too much?
I suppose. I used to study in a human school before and made quite a few friends there.
Yeah, Public Safety Commission is going overboard-
Hey!
The execution will be held at 4:44 PM.
Dear students, you must all observe the death of a human: our hated enemy.
Divine punishment for the human!
Long live Kuyou-sama!
W-What should we do? If we don't stop this quickly...
It seems like that student was also in Nekonome-sensei's class.
Y-Yes...
But... execution or whatever is too...
Besides, Youkai Academy was originally established to promote a harmonious life with humans!
That was then, this is now.
Humans have been our enemies since ancient times.
If the Public Safety Commission does not take action, then I will!
B-But... We still have to stop them!
Nekonome-sensei?
Y-Yes?
The Director wishes to see you.
C-Could it be that the Director...
Please h-u-r-r-y up!
Public execution!
What should we do, Kurumu-san?
Idiots.
Tsukune and Moka are both idiots!
Idiots... Idiots, idiots, idiots!
Kurumu-san...
I have to hurry or Tsukune will be...!
Oh yeah, if I remove this seal...
Let me remove it, please!
Tsukune!
Tsukune!!!
Humans and monsters...
Love and hate.
Friendship and conflict.
If our friendship between races can really sprout,
I'll bet my life on the rosary on my chest.
Next episode,
Tsukune and a Vampire.
