TL-Note: Oishinbou (H) A parody of Umaibou (), a type of snack that's famous in Japan. Also a parody of a cooking manga that goes by the same name.
Aww shit... Bastards...
How the hell did my life end up like this?
Dipshit, watch where you're going!
I know!
I'm actually the one to be blamed.
Do you wish to confess your sins?
Who are you, darling?
Oh, excuse me.
Please call me Zange-chan!
100 yen for each confession!
Just you wait. I'll definitely be back.
Just you wait!
Lady, didn't I tell you to get out?!
You're disturbing our construction work!
It's dangerous!
Shut up!
The sacred tree was uprooted.
As the symbol of the land deity, the sacred tree is the heart that absorbs the power of devotion.
This alone greatly increases a god's power.
A god becomes stronger along with people's faith.
Now that it's gone...
Umm... what you mean is...
What I mean is...
My powers will gradually diminish.
If this goes on, very soon I won't be able to exorcise the impurities.
That's not all; my body itself will slowly disintegrate.
That is not what I want to see happen.
Which is why I need another object of worship to take the role of the sacred tree.
Don't you think I'm the only choice?
Huh? For what?
An object of worship.
In short, an idol!
Everyone, thank you!
A central figure that gathers devotions of people in Kannagi City!
I'll become popular with everyone!
Huh?
Doing something that will attract too much attention is...
Idol, huh?
Shino, did you hear that?
Yes, very clearly.
What, Mikuriya? You want to become an idol?
I did think you're one to aim too high, but not to that extent.
That's not true...
With your fickle attitude, the difference between you and your rival...
is just going to get wider.
It's not like that, I'm just thinking about something.
I'm just wondering what idols nowadays are like.
Oh? In that case, just ask the specialist.
And why are you directing the question at me?
But you know a lot, don't you?
That's your own opinion!
Idol-otaku are only a minority of the otaku population.
In the first place, the media lumps all the people in Akihabara together...
so even the fanatics get treated the same as disgusting otakus.
You mean it's not true?
You're totally wrong! I'm on the more creative side!
To sum up, you know nothing about idols?
You can't say that.
Just to an ordinary extent.
What kind of idols are popular now?
That depends on the conditions.
The generation before us didn't have tastes that differ so much.
The types of media were also limited.
Nationwide idols existed, who were popular amongst the young and old.
But nowadays, songs, plays, sitcoms, sports; the talents in those various genres get the spotlight.
You can say there's no idol who's working all round.
If you talk only of fan numbers, the idols today are fighting in a field far smaller than that of before.
That's because people's interests are going to way too many different things.
Of course, there's another reason, the characters today lack the charisma to put them all together.
But if we're talking about quality, the present-day idols deserve a mention.
No, it's not like I want to know that...
Characters that target core and niche fans, something that is unimaginable in the past,
He talks a lot.
I think he really flipped a strange switch.
have gathered local enthusiastic fans.
Variety show-idols and idiot-idols in TV, gravure-idols in magazines are getting praised,
while on the other hand, voice actresses receive success from CD sales and concerts.
Very young idols like Under13 are given attention.
Even idols who look good in glasses called glasses-dols, Idols knowledgable in anime are called Ota-dols.
And there's even ugly-dols appearing.
You can say these popularities are caused by the broadening of interests.
That dude Yamada won't notice yet even though I've said that much!
Not only interests,
but there are even cases where the announcers and comedians working in the local TV station
Oh really?
Yeah yeah, like how many times has he been dumped?
receive much more celebrity status than the nationwide idols.
It stinks so much.
In that case, the hottest idol I can tell you is...
Zange-chan, right?
Why do you have to say it?!
Say, how do you know?
Because I saw her on TV yesterday.
A program called A guide to the street corners Max.
That's Takako for you. You're always sensitive to pretty girls.
Who's Zange-chan?
A girl cosplaying as a sister.
She stands at a corner of Kannagi City and listens to people's lamentations and confessions.
She's also a beauty, so she's largely popular...
among old men and otaku.
I saw her in front of the train station the other day,
and there was a crazy queue there.
I don't understand at all.
I thought so.
But the fact remains that she's the center of attraction now.
Was that a good reference?
Yeah...
President, we're almost out of gesso!
Oh, that's right.
Can one of you guys buy some on your way home?
I'll go. I need to go to town anyway.
Crap, it's getting late.
Is Nagi worried about me?
Not having a cellphone sure is inconvenient at a time like this.
Shortcut.
That's not all you want to sell, right?
Stop it!
That's not true! Let me go!
100 yen is too cheap, don't you think? You can get 100 thousand easily.
Stop...
What? Are you screwing with us?
I know you've been secretly doing all those things.
No, that's not true! Who would do such a thing?
Oh crap... call the police...
Huh? What's with him?
A believer?
Lame.
Hurry up and get lost!
Gesso Can Attack!
Hey...
Hey!
Stop right there!
Hurry!
Now's our chance!
You fucking with us?!
Okay.
We've gone far enough.
Are you all right? Are you hurt?
You have good reflexes. You can even dodge a punch.
And you can run fast too.
Ah.. well... It was too sudden...
Thank you for saving me. Please call me Zange-chan!
Huh? Zange?
Can we talk?
Can I ask you something?
You listen to people's confessions? Why did you start doing that?
I want to become myself... Has that thought ever crossed your mind?
My true self is not like this. I should become more like that.
This is my method to achieve that dream.
I want to be recognized by everyone.
Just kidding!
But maybe I just want to become an idol.
Idol?
I want to be remembered by others. I want to be of use to others!
Something like that.
You're strong.
But I think I know what you mean.
I still don't understand my true self.
I plan to continue doing what I want to do,
but things are not going my way.
That's right! As a token of gratitude, I'll listen to your confessions.
Otherwise, do you have any laments or regrets?
My childhood friend...
Never mind.
There's no point in telling you.
I'll tell her myself.
You're right. If you already have someone to speak to,
it's better not to confess to me.
This is far enough.
My home is beyond this bridge.
Thanks for saving me today!
Your cheek is hurt!
You're right. I think I cut myself in the bushes.
It's better to get it disinfected.
I'm starting to like you, Mikuriya Jin-kun.
See you next time!
Huh? That girl... How did she know my name?
Honestly...
I thought I'd die of starvation last night!
I'm sorry for that. Stop making such a big deal out of it.
I'm not making a big deal! My body expends energy really quickly!
Now for the regional news. Sugino-san of Kannagi City?
Kannagi?
Yes, Sugino here!
Today we'll interview the rumored Zange-chan once again!
I'm Zange-chan! Good morning!
Nagi! It's this girl! I met her yesterday!
It's spilling, it's spilling!
I can't see, Nagi!
Geez...
You say you've met her?
She's my younger sister!
Younger sister?!
Sis, you understand, don't you?
Your powers have weakened to such a state that you can't be called a god now.
If this continues, this land will be ceded to the god that we're enshrined with.
And as nameless gods, we'll disappear.
I can't bear to see that happen.
It appears you're hard at work hunting impurities with your weak powers of weakness.
But I can't be bothered with the impurities.
Remaining as a god is all that matters!
I'm much better than you at gathering people's devotion!
I'll embrace the people who are upset. If I can become like Mother Earth...
I think it'll be great if I can become everybody's goddess.
My final goal is to become the top idol of Kannagi City!
I'm Zange-chan, nice to meet you!
I was overtaken...
That was Zange-chan of Kannagi City!
I never thought she would make such a move.
Your younger sister? That girl is also a god?
I've never heard of that before.
Say, is it even possible for gods to have sisters?
Of course, you dummy.
Have you not read Japanese myths before?
In the land of Kannagi, there are two sacred trees.
Huh? You're changing your mind now?
I went so far to prepare the stage for you.
You want that boy, so our interests coincide, right?
Don't forget, I'm the one in control of you.
Which means Mikuriya Jin will become ours.
No objection, Hakua?
Hey, you girls are sisters, so why don't you just get along with her?
Get along?
It's her fault for provoking me first!
Honestly, what exactly is she thinking?
She... She must be up to something!
Something absolutely terrifying!
No way! That girl can't be thinking of such things.
Huh?
She's just searching for herself.
She just wants to be of use to others.
You're a dumbass! A moron!
I'm laughing so hard my tears are coming out.
W-What's with you? I talked to her personally!
I bet you're just deceived by her charm.
What exactly were you brainwashed with?
No way!
Her charm...
What lustful flashbacks...
Your perversion level is scary!
Don't read my mind! We didn't do any indecent stuff!
But this is certain.
She is making her moves so as to get in my way.
That's why I have to go and investigate her.
There is something I want to ascertain beyond this river.
Nagi's tree?
This is the other sacred tree.
It's hard to believe that it ended up in the compounds of a church.
Now I know why she's dressed like that.
As objects of worship for the current inhabitants, this is the stronger one.
Why are there two sacred trees?
Shouldn't there be only one land deity for each piece of land?
It was a matter of ages past.
The people around here had a discussion.
In order to house my split-spirit, another sacred tree was planted.
The land of Kannagi is split into two by a river.
But people had no means to cross the river back then.
That was why they used root division on the nagi tree, so that it's easier for people to pay homage.
With the passage of time, we came to be treated as different gods.
We are human figures that originated out of the same land deity.
So we're sisters.
I see.. So your tree was cut down...
Hold it right there.
You materialized out of a vessel, which is a human figure made from the sacred tree.
But then, what is Zange-chan using as a vessel?
I come here to ascertain that.
Initially, I thought that the tree on this side has been cut down as well.
But as you can see, it's still intact.
I can only imagine that... there's no doubt she has committed an atrocious act.
I'm going to look for Zange. Everything else comes later.
Not here.
Not here.
Not here!
Where on earth did she wander off to?!
Is she trying to show what it means to be an elusive phantom?!
Even if it's only a town, it's pretty big.
I want to be of use to everyone!
Something like that!
She didn't look like a bad girl.
Hey, Nagi.
Can you not try to pick a fight, but make peace with her when you meet each other?
Not that again!
You're sisters after all. You should be more...
She's trying to take my place!
She's not serious, right? That's her way of expressing herself...
You opportunist!
I'll find her on my own from now on!
Don't follow me!
Idiot Jin! Piece of shit!
Wait, what?
You stupid piece of shit!
The only other place she'll visit...
That has to be the place where she appeared for the first time.
Alright, no teachers around, eh?
I was right to borrow the uniform from Tsugumi.
This could become a bad habit!
In the first place, why did she go to the church?
She was already aware of my every move.
There she is!
Why are you wearing that?!
Why are you here?!
Why? I'm a student here.
There's no reason to reprimand me.
Damn Jin! He should at least know the students in his own school!
You too, why are you here?
I want to ask you something. You have to answer me.
I see... but there are people watching here.
Hold this for me.
Okay, Hakua.
Shall we go to a quiet place to talk?
Where is this place?
Gym storage room.
Nobody should be coming here for the time being.
But you sure are defenseless.
You just want to play capture the flag, right?
I don't think you'll do anything to me even if we're alone.
Well, you see...
They often appear in dirty places like this.
What are you talking about?
This!
Oh my? What's the matter, my sister?
You're doing this on purpose, aren't you?
So it's true that you'll get tainted just by touching them!
You call yourself a god?
Where has your omnipotence gone to?
So, what is it that you wanted to ask me?
About your vessel!
Have you done something outrageous?
There are only a few types of bodies that can host high-energy entities such as a god.
Such as objects of nature or animals that have lived for a long time.
Yet, your tree is still untouched!
The process of elimination narrows down the possibility to one.
You have taken control of a living human being, haven't you?
So what of it?
Hakua and I have agreed to be together. Please don't misunderstand.
It's wrong to take a person's freedom for such long period of time!
Do you know how much stress that you put on her mind and body?!
You talk too much.
The thing I hate most about you is your hypocrisy.
Fascinating!
You, who used to be so powerful, are now at my mercy!
What should I do with you?
Shall I strip you naked and tie you up?
It's about time the male students come to return the equipments.
Yes... they'll see you in your most immodest state!
Wait, Jin!
Is this the time to be shocked?
Help me! Hurry!
Help me, pleaseee!
Good evening, I'm Zange-chan!
This is our dinner?
I forgot to go shopping.
That's how shocked you were, huh?
What you saw at the gym storage room.
If you want to complain, go and do the shopping yourself!
I'm not complaining.
Now you understand Zange's true nature, don't you?
But you're still sisters, right? It's better for you two to get along...
You're still saying that!
You just lust after women, right?
Why do you say that?
Why don't you side with me?
Because Zange has bigger breasts than me?
Well, it's true that I like bigger breasts.
See, I knew it!
Pervert! Perverted Kappa!
You Boobian!
Go back to Planet Tits!
Where the hell is that?
What is this?
Unbelievable!
Sauce on bread? And Oishinbou is not supposed to be used for sandwich.
Don't just come in like that.
Good evening, Tsugumi-san.
I knew I shouldn't have let you cook your own meals!
I shall now exercise my authority as a guardian, bestowed upon me by your father!
Fridge check!
It's all snacks!
I'm having a lot of mouth ulcers these days, it hurts!
What kind of god is that?
That's vitamin deficiency!
Why? Aren't you a wealthy girl?
It's a nice feeling to be living as an ordinary person.
Such pleasures are wrong!
Why didn't you tell me? I can bring you side dishes!
Because snacks are tasty!
Keep quiet for a while, Nagi.
Even though you're my childhood friend, we'll become a burden to your family, right?
Let me make the meals!
I've been learning how to cook.
Like vegetables, or fried eggs.
What else?
Fried egg and vegetables.
Like I said, I'm still learning!
Yes!
Good evening!
Super-very-surprised!
Huh? What? What's wrong?
Coming up next is Zange's Weather Report!
Zange-chan!
What?!
A part of Kannagi City may get an unexpected air disturbance.
Sorry for the sudden intrusion.
I came to thank you for the other day!
Eh? Thank me?
Let me stay here from tonight onwards, so that I can take care of Jin-kun!
Please be careful of a sudden storm of love tonight!
Well then, see you next week!
Please watch the next episode of Kannagi too!
