Greabe: Cooking
Greabe: Cooking Contest
Greabe: 50 Recipes for Dummies
Greabe: Complete
Left: Zange
Center: Nagi
Right: Tsugumi
Greabe: Food-tasting
Underlined: Nagi
Greabe: Height: 155cm
Greabe: Three-sizes: B78 W57 H80
Greabe: Likes: Oishinbou
Greabe: Dislikes: People who like big breasts
Arts Club
Greabe: Poster: nagi love
Greabe: Poster: Wealthy-girl-moe
Greabe: Ronery man
TL Note: Yamakan, the director of Kannagi, was previously sacked by Kyoto Animation after directing Lucky Star for 4 episodes. Kyo-ani's official stand was that he has not reached the level of a director yet.
Greabe: Poster: Yamakan
Greabe: Poster: Nagi-sama's manservant
Greabe: Poster: aaa
Let's see...
Greabe: Student Counseling Room
Greabe: Image
Typesetter note : What he said
Greabe: Hageshima means bald island.
Name: Takanashi Eri(female)
Greabe: Height: OOOcm
Greabe: Three-sizes:???
Greabe: Likes: Cucumber
Greabe: Hobby: Growing the morning glory.
Greabe: TL note: Our beloved author of the Kannagi comic. She is a Type-moon staff and is known for producing doujins of her group's work. Kannagi doujin where?
Greabe: Nagi-sama has a younger brother, but her family's situation is complicated, so please don't probe any further.
Greabe: Intruding on her home is bad manners
Greabe: As students of the same school, let's practice moderation and have manners in our relationships.
Greabe: Act 6: Nagi-tan's Heart-stopping Craziness
TL Note: Yamakan, the director of Kannagi, was previously sacked by Kyoto Animation after directing Lucky Star for 4 episodes. Kyo-ani's official stand was that he has not reached the level of a director yet.
TL-Note: Hageshima means bald island.
TS Note: On screen text is what he says.
TL-Note: Our beloved author of the Kannagi comic. She is a Type-moon staff and is known for producing doujins of her group's work. Kannagi doujin, where?!
Handcuffs: Image
Book title: 50 Recipes for Dummies
Sign: Cooking Contest
Well then, let's have her speak for one last time. Zange-chan!
Roger!
May you have Zange-chan's blessing tomorrow too!
Amazing, this is my first time meeting a celebrity!
What did you come here for? We won't serve you tea.
Don't feel bothered by me.
I have no business with you today, Onee-sama.
Huh? Nee-sama? You know each other?
The person I'm looking for is...
Jin-kun!
You're so indecent!
Hakua's heart is beating fast. How cute.
I heard from Onee-sama that all you've been having is unhealthy food.
Yeah... well...
So I made some food for you.
Food that's high in nutritional value.
Woah, looks delicious.
Delicious!
Dont eat without asking. This is for Jin-kun.
Here, say aah.
It's really good.
Hey, Jin-kun.
Why don't you chase Onee-sama out and live with me instead?
I'm more caring than Onee-sama, and you get to eat...
But...
Hey, Jin-kun...
No, you can't!
What's with you, intruding on us like that?!
Oh my, who are you?
I'm... Jin's guardian!
I won't allow such improper conduct for high school students!
She's right! Jin is mine!
Where am I to go if I get chased out?
Nagi-san, please don't treat Jin as an object!
What a bother.
Why don't the three of us have a match then?
Each of us will prepare today's dinner separately, and who does it best, wins.
That's so unfair. Won't Zange-chan have the advantage?
That sounds interesting. I accept your challenge!
Nagi-san, give me a moment.
There's no way we can win! What are you thinking-
Don't worry.
We stand a chance of winning.
Just leave it to me.
No way...
Well then, let's go shopping.
Hey, wait for me!
Nagi-san, there's something I want to get from home.
What about my opinion?
Are both of you ready?
Yup.
Yes!
Well then, let's begin!
How did I get myself into this?
Hey... Cooperate!
Hakua, you have to do it yourself!
Ouch!
Huh? Zange-chan is acting strangely.
Not only that...
Nagi-san is really skillful! Is she really Nagi-san?!
Zange-chan, where are you going?
To pick flowers.
You don't want to? Unfair?
Don't joke with me! I'm doing this for you!
She's talking to herself?
What an unexpected outcome.
Victory is mine for the taking.
I could've won if only Hakua had... She's too honest of a person.
It's not that I can't cook.
I don't cook only because it's too much trouble!
You can cook, yet you make me do it?
Correct! Because it's too troublesome!
Your personality sucks!
What's with this taste?
Bittersweet? Plum? Rubber tire?
You can't appreciate good food.
Because my sister is hopeless at tasting.
Kannagi!
Great, Nagi-sama!
Yes, more coquettishly!
More boldly!
As dainty as a demon!
Whose is this?
What is this?!
Honestly, whose prank is this?
Flattering her like that after only seeing her once or twice!
Mikuriya.
Official homepage?
Since when?!
The traffic counter is pretty high as well.
Say, official in what sense?
For members only?
Nobody told him?
Only those close to her are kept in the dark.
I had boxed lunch together with Nagi-sama!
She's so airheaded!
She's like a rare animal, she's so amusing!
Hey, is she really not a student in this school? Awesome!
She's been saying she wants to participate in our physical education lessons,
so I lent her a set of P.E. attire!
Nobody found out since our physical education teacher is really irresponsible.
All of us helped her out, it was so fun!
She's somewhat of an occult freak?
She performed an exorcism for me.
She-she-she's an angel!
She talked to a person like me so open-heartedly!
I've decided to follow her for life!
Thanks to Nagi-sama, I'm finally qualified as a director.
Nagi-sama, please help me for the remaining episodes so that I don't get sacked.
Nagi-sama is the final goddess that has descend upon this defiled land!
With her delicious flat chest, We can finish three bowls of rice!
Nope, we can finish off any amount of rice!
Well, since she's neither in.jpg or paper format, it just doesn't get me going, you see!
Don't you think she's cute?
This doesn't look like a suspicious web page at all.
There are many female members anyway.
Look.
Club Regulation Clause 1: Do not pry into her private matters.
Clause 2: Do not impose on her residence.
And this is the important part.
Clause 3: Let it be your enjoyment for her to appear frequently in school and hide her from the teachers!
In other words, they're acting as bodyguards to protect her from teachers.
That's suspicious as it is!
Who made this website?! Who's the club president?!
No idea.
The net has a high level of anonymity, after all.
It's even written here that I'm her younger brother and Zange-chan is her younger sister.
This is clearly an invasion of privacy!
It's the opposite. They are providing information so that others don't come digging for it.
I understand why you're so worked up, little brother.
You can't help it, given how charismatic your sister is.
Firstly, her good looks! Secondly, her naivete tickles the protective instinct of other people!
Her erratic behavior is a refreshing change to the monotonous school life!
A locality limited only to the school is also good mania-ism!
Indeed!
Say, how do you know so much, Senpai?
Because I'm a fan club member!
Takako, hide me!
What's this?!
Hakua, you didn't know? She's your sister after all.
Lately, I heard that there's an outsider hidden among our students.
Shall I call for a meeting, Suzushiro-sensei?
She's still a high school student, isn't she?
Won't it suffice to catch her and just let her go with a warning?
I see. But children nowadays don't know when to stop.
This is an illegal trespassing.
Depending on the situation, we may need to call the police.
Rumors are scary...
Since when did you learn about the fan club?
Even if you ask me that... It has an official name only because I gave them permission.
Why do you do such conspicuous things?
Do you even have a reason to go to school?
Of course I have my reasons!
There are impurities in the school.
I killed one today!
I can handle it myself even when you're not around...
That's even worse!
Don't do such dangerous things by yourself!
That's not the only reason.
Have you noticed any change about me?
Have you cut your hair?
I didn't.
Your eyebrows have gotten thinner?
They're thin to begin with.
Your breasts-
Say any further and I will pull out your ahoge.
My powers seems to be increasing! My powers as a god, that is!
I've told you before that I need to be idolized.
The students who are supporting me are giving me power.
Sooner or later, I'll be able to use new powers!
Ah, Nagi-sama!
It's really her!
She's around today.
Want a yakisoba bread?
There's a teacher over there, you'd better not go there.
This is the first time I'm seeing her.
So she really exists.
She's much cuter in person!
That feels so good! I understand how Zange feels now!
Ah, It's Zange-chan.
Come with me for a minute.
Are you going to attack me again?
I have my purification staff with me today!
I can see that, so I'll pass.
I'll get to the point.
You're an eyesore. Can you leave?
Oh? Are you not pleased because your territory has been taken away from you?
That's right!
I'm also a celebrity, so I have a special status within the school.
If you continue to do what you like, I'll tell the teachers about you.
That's most annoying.
Why don't you just rat on me? Why didn't you do it?
Ah, it's officially known that we are sisters.
If I'm caught, you'll also be called in as a witness.
Shut up. If that happens, I'll feign ignorance to the end.
Then the students here are mine!
Do you think you can beat me without gathering a thousand fans?
But you look quite desperate though.
Our fan base is overlapping!
I have warned you.
No matter how hard you try, I'm still better at gathering people's devotion-
Oh no! A teacher?
You are the girl who's been causing problems for us, aren't you?
W-what do you mean by that, sir?
Have you mistaken me for somebody else?
Umm... that girl just now was my friend.
Don't worry.
I didn't come to talk about that matter.
Let me ask you a few questions.
That's right, first of all...
Is that body of yours borrowed from another person?
Bad news! Nagi-sama has been caught!
Mikuriya!
Is it true that she's inside?
Somebody else saw Hageshima, the counselor-in-charge, bringing her inside!
Nagi-sama will get driven out of school!
Really!?
Wow, what's going on?
Let us through.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you hide?
Senpai, this is...
It's as you can see. This isn't good.
Are you sure she's inside?
It's true! I saw her with my own eyes!
Everyone, I will be fine.
Please do not worry about me.
My heart will always be with you.
That's the state she was in!
Even when she was the one in danger, she was still worried for us at the end!
Nagi-sama! Such grace!
She's so unfortunate!
Why are they like leaders of an anti-government organization?
How is Nagi-sama's situation? Can you see?
It's no use. The door's locked.
If Nagi is caught, that means...
I'll get a call at home since I'm officially her brother.
Because my old man, who is our guardian, is not at home,
it'll then go to Tsugumi's parents who are standing in as our guardians...
This is bad.
We've confirmed that you are not a student of this school.
Since when have you been doing this?
Where did you get that uniform?
May I know where is Suzushiro-sensei?
Please let me speak to him.
At the moment, he's talking with the principal about what to do with you.
Don't change the subject.
Answer my questions!
It seems that she's undergoing a harsh interrogation.
How shrewd! Damn Hageshima!
According to the family register, you are not related in any way to Mikuriya Jin, supposedly your brother.
I'm in deep trouble.
Have you been making up stories?
How should I lie my way out of this?
Say something!
Don't drive Nagi-sama out!
Nagi-sama has done nothing wrong!
We did cleaning together!
She even helped the committee!
She's not causing any trouble for anyone!
She's one of us!
Everyone...
Quiet! Stop making an uproar!
Release Nagi-sama!
Nagi! Nagi! Nagi! Nagi!
This is...?
Hey! Keep quiet!
I can feel it.
Everyone is giving me power.
With this...
Perhaps it's possible...
I can use a new power!
What's that toy?
Don't joke around at a time like this!
If everyone loves me...
Then I cannot leave this place!
It's shining!
It's emitting light!
Such is the power of devotion!
It's completely reflecting off his head... It's so powerful!
What a brilliant light!
Stop...
Stop making fun of me!
That's why I hate students!
All of you make fun of my head!
Calm down! Hageshima-sensei!
That's a nickname! My name is Hagashima!!
See you.
See you.
Hi.
Oh, there he is!
We're worried because you haven't been coming for a while.
There has been quite a commotion after that incident...
It really got out of hand!
I don't want you to tell me that.
On that matter, are you looking at that homepage again?
Look, look!
They finally changed the rules too.
The situation sure has changed.
It's hard to believe that things has turned out like this.
I was shocked too!
Who would have thought she'd become an official student of our school?
Somewhat...
Nagi-sama, you're not one to talk.
It's unnatural that everything is going so smoothly.
Is there more than meets the eye?
Of course not!
Suzushiro-sensei has put in a good word for me.
Oh?
Suzushiro-sensei?
First-year students may be unfamiliar with that name.
He's a teacher of religious studies.
He's a priest, and his family is said to be involved in the founding of the school.
But why is he...
I'm doing research for religious studies and local history!
The thesis that I wrote a while back caught his attention.
Since it's an honor to have me here, he said he'll let me enroll here!
As a scholarship student?!
How shocking! A hidden prodigy has turned up in a place like this!
This should teach you not to look down on occult freaks!
Another one of her plausible yet far-fetched lies...
By the way, I'm exempted from school fees!
Scary! Wealthy girls are scary!
Is this the result of gifted education?!
It all adds up now. He's also a relative.
You're right.
Relative?
Yeah. Suzushiro-sensei is Zange-chan's father.
You don't have to be so wary of me.
Now that I know who you are, I can't do anything to you.
I have no talents concerning the supernatural.
Now that I believe that you are a kind human, I will answer you truthfully.
I am not so wicked as to take the body of another human!
This body was legitimately made out of the earth and trees of Kannagi!
Is that so?
For a moment I thought you are with Zange-chan, but it seems I was wrong.
As I thought, you are related to Hakua in some way?
I'm her real father. My name is Suzushiro.
I understand that whatever is possessing my daughter's body is not evil.
Of course, that includes you too.
That girl has been desperately trying to hide things from me...
But I believe that my daughter's body should only belong to herself.
Hence I would like to free her if possible.
My second question.
Is there an important purpose for your coming to school?
It is... a very, very important job.
I'm putting my everything on the line for it.
But please take my word for it.
I will never do anything to harm the students.
I'm telling the truth.
I believe you.
Well then, my third question...
What do you intend to do with Suzushiro Hakua?
Isn't that obvious?
I'm going to free her, so that she can live a peaceful life with her father!
But in order to achieve that goal, I may need help from her father!
I'm relieved to hear that.
It must be a pain to hide from the teachers.
I'll prepare your seat.
Is that okay? Wait, can you really do that?
A private school is not only an education organization, but also a commercial one.
Well, just leave everything to me.
Is that really acceptable as a member of the church?
Or rather, you might just be a zealous father.
Indeed.
Suzushiro Hakua.
Suzushiro-sensei.
At least I didn't notice before.
Not until you told me.
You're really useless, Jin.
As a first-year student, how can I know all the minor details?
Takako knows more than you do.
Please don't put milk into your miso soup.
I don't want to be told off by someone who puts sauce on everything!
Sauce-devil.
I just can't stand that!
Ah geez, I should just go and live at Takako's place.
I know she'll treat me nicely!
Why? You don't have to go there, isn't my house good enough?
I'm the only family member here, so you can take it easy, right?
I'm not complaining about you living here anyway...
I'm only joking. Don't get so worked up.
Huh? Why am I stopping her?
Jin!
Where are you going?
To the convenience store.
I'm going with you.
Just stay at home...
Don't use it as a substitute for a torchlight!
It's really convenient!
Like for picking up coins dropped under a vending machine.
Stop that.
Woah! So bright!
Zange!
Good evening!
Zange-chan here!
What did you come here for?
Well, I want to treat Jin-kun to a feast.
Come, let's go!
No, but tonight...
Stop it, will you?!
You're not the only one getting your territory invaded.
I'll call your father.
That's unfair! This has nothing to do with my parents!
Onee-sama, you are seriously an eyesore!
Come again?!
Calm down!
Take that! Volt Lighter!
Woah! It's so bright!
Watch the next episode of Kannagi too!
