It's been five days since I debuted as a professional hero.
There haven't been any serious incidents so far.
However, for some reason Genos is staying at my house.
What are you writing over there?
I'm recording the details of your lessons and training regimen.
Crap. He's raising the bar again
I can't think of a single thing I can teach the guy.
I feel bad, like I'm scamming him or something.
Come on, think. Or just make up some techniques or a spiritual theory.
Bah, strength training is all I've got!
I know Genos won't be satisfied with that, plus the dude's a cyborg!
By the way,
at the seminar they said if you're a Class C hero
and you have no hero activity for a week,
your name will be removed from the Hero Registry.
Will you be all right, Master?
They said that?!
Yes.
But I was watching TV and there wasn't anything going on.
The news only reports major incidents,
like natural disasters, terrorism and dangerous monsters.
You always fight the most powerful enemies,
so you probably do not know it,
but Class C heroes primarily take care of purse snatchers,
robberies and random attacks.
With Class C so full of heroes,
to survive they must actively look for cases to resolve.
I hear many of them get discouraged and change careers.
Like a salesman doing cold calls,
nothing will come your way without legwork.
This is no time to be reading manga!
So we're going?
You stay here!
If I'm with a Class S hero,
a Class C like me won't get any credit!
But as your disciple
Genos, from the beginning my intense desire to be a hero
was what drove me to strength training.
That's how I made it this far.
For you, perhaps things will change if you aim higher as a hero.
Frankly speaking, you're a cyborg, so training your body won't do.
Instead, a change in mindset may lead you to greater strength.
Damn, I'm just making all this crap up
Soin other words,
HOW I DEVELOPED INDOMITABLE WILL BY S CLASS HERO KING it's not about having raw power or technique;
HOW I DEVELOPED INDOMITABLE WILL BY S CLASS HERO KING it's about training your mind.
HOW I DEVELOPED INDOMITABLE WILL BY S CLASS HERO KING To do that,
you must first fight your way through the professional hero industry.
Aim to break into the top ten of the Class S heroes.
That will be your goal for now.
I understand. I will try!
He bought it Sweet.
After that, I sped around town.
While frantically looking for bad guys
I ran.
And ran.
And ran.
But!
The city was quiet!
I give up
Just one more day left.
Guess I'll head home.
I'll leave tomorrow's problems to tomorrow's me.
THE FOLLOWING DAY
It's quiet today too!
There's nothing to do!
I'm gonna lose my registration!
Hey! You're that guy
What was it?
Seed-on-the-Ground?
No wait, Lost-and-found?
Jack-o'-lantern Panic!
It's Speed-o'-Sound Sonic.
I've finally found you, Saitama.
Today is the day we
Hey sorry, I'm busy. See you'round..
Huh?
You think
you can run from me?!
What the? I didn't see what happened.
His face should have been sliced open, but the blade
I told youI'm busy.
Plus I'm pissed, so anyone in my way
gets punched.
That's him!
He's very, very dangerous.
Please stop him.
So you're the offender, eh?!
Well, the hero Tank-Top Tiger is here now!
Hero?
Sonic, they think you're some sort of criminal.
Maybe getting tossed in a cell will cool off your hot
She means you, cue ball.
Huh?
He's been running around town
with this scary look on his face since yesterday!
But I'm a hero too!
I've never heard of a hero like you.
So what? I just started!
In any case, you're causing problems for everyone.
If you're really a hero, then don't go around frightening people.
You're hurting all the other heroes' reputation.
Hey isn't that Tank-Top Tiger?
Oh yeah, it is Tank-Top Tiger.
No way!
Awesome, he's the real deal!
Even Class C heroes get recognized if they're in the top 10.
So how aEbout it, new guy?
Wanna go a little wild here and make me look good?
Exploding Shuriken.
EXPLODING SHURIKEN
Tank-Top Tiger?!
Is this really happening?
What are you doing, Sonic?
He was interfering, so I put him to sleep.
Hey, call a hero!
A hero!
Run!
Saitama
So you too have become one of these worthless heroes?
Then all I have to do is create a situation
where you have no choice but to fight me, Saitama the Hero!
Hail of Carnage!
Huh?
Hey! Cut it out!
Saitama, come stop me!
You're a hero!
I'll kill them all!
Damn it.
Can't everyone just let me do my job?
I don't have time for this!
I gotta find a bad guy to take down.
A bad guy?
If you're not coming, I'll go to you!
I'm right here.
I wonder if this will count as work?
The man apprehended in City Z by the Class C hero
is suspected of being involved in several heinous crimes,
including assassination.
City Z
What's the status of the investigation I requested?
The one for the ghost town?
Yes.
Let's see
We've submitted an official request.
Well now, doesn't that sound interesting.
Want me to go?
Tornado?
Where'd you come from?
Why? Aren't I allowed in here?
Of course.
But for City Z, the investigation is just a formality.
What?
You think I'm not good enough?
Not at all.
The Association decided that this was not a Class S matter.
Yes, exactly right.
You'd better tell me if you find anything that looks like it can fight.
It'd be so much faster if I just went myself.
You're such an idiot.
CITY A HERO ASSOCIATION HQ
CITY A HERO ASSOCIATION HQ Reports have come in from each location being investigated.
Reports have come in from each location being investigated.
First is Watchdog Man, Class S hero, investigating City Q.
Nothing unusual.
Nothing unusual?
That's right. That's hard to believe.
We all know City Q is a hot zone
with more casualties and monsters than any other area.
Knowing him, I'm sure he's implying that,
Whatever occurs, I'll be able to take care of it.
Though he has focused his efforts on City Q,
his track record at monster elimination is top-notch.
Class S heroes don't pay much attention to details.
They're not cut out for writing reports.
Next, City W.
Class A hero Heavy Kong reports: Nothing unusual.
Nothing unusual.
Slow restoration after the devastation caused by
the gigantic creature aside, nothing unusual.
Cities B and D both sustained extensive damage.
The Association took a lot of heat for that.
In order to prevent more such disasters,
we must detect any covert activity that could threaten the community.
Well, this investigation was requested for that express purpose.
But early detection of monsters is proving difficult.
City F, Class A hero, Snakebite Snek.
Hammerhead, former leader of the Paradiser terrorist group,
has been spotted in a suit and tie.
Further investigation is being conducted.
No other reports.
What of City Z?
I hear rumblings of a potential disaster brewing
in the abandoned area there.
No reports available.
However, two highly capable Class A heroes
have been sent to the area to investigate.
Here we are in City Z.
CLASS A, RANK 33 SPRING MUSTACHIO Shall we begin our little inquiry?
CLASS A, RANK 29 GOLDEN BALL Yeah, let's get on with it.
City Z is quite expansive, but further ahead lies
the uninhabited area we were told about.
Compared with other areas,
BEWARE OF MONSTERS!! City Z has an abnormally high rate of monster-related incidents.
The frequency has been gradually increasing over the past 10 years,
while the last few have seen more and more
highly advanced monsters appearing.
The residents have entirely fled for the city center.
I know all that.
The place is a real ghost town,
just with the water and electricity still intact, yeah?
On the lookout for a cheap house?
Come off it.
People say something real nasty's living'round here.
Even you must've heard.
But of course.
I assume that's why we have been assigned this investigation.
Once we hit the abandoned area, we better be ready to fight.
Indeed, we mustn't let our guard down.
But, why here? Why the increase in monsters here?
That's the mystery.
A colony of monsters here is naturally producing more of them.
Or perhaps a queen exists, birthing more of her kind.
Of course I have no proof yet,
but there is something to this ghost town
Or rather, something in it.
Of that you can be sure.
The proximity alarm?
If we can hunt down this mysterious being,
we'll go straight to the top of the rankings.
That's true.
We can't let Mr. Amai Mask remain first for
Something's there?! Something's there?!
Was that a monster?
No way to be sure
But it's hard to imagine a human still living in these conditions.
Let's pursue it!
Seems they are not after us.
Can this be the place I heard about?
Sure don't seem like it
Aw man, I came all this way. Isn't anyone around?
A monster. It popped up out of nowhere.
Golden Ball, are you ready?
Hell yes.
Victory to the swift!
Hey, people!
I can blast through a 20mm steel plate
with one of my shape-memory golden bullets!
Eat this!
He flicked it away like nothing.
Golden Ball!
Wow!
Tomboy
thrust!
It slipped past my Tomboy?
Not bad.
Those tentacles
From the way they react, they're tough as steel.
A monster that can use its infinite number of tentacles
like steel whips
Such power!
I must call in reinforcements from the Association.
May I ask if you were born in this neighborhood?
Nah, I'm from out of town.
I heard a bunch of crazy strong monsters were all getting together here.
Looks like it was just a rumor though.
But now,
I feel like it'd be kinda fun to stick around and make the rumor true.
The Ghost Town Monster
It's got a nice ring to it!
We have a backup request from the heroes dispatched to City Z.
Class A rank 29, Golden Ball, has been knocked out.
Class A rank 33, Spring Mustachio, is in trouble.
They're in the abandoned city.
Call in all nearby heroes for immediate assistance!
Class A and above!
See the monster alert for City Z?
The threat level seems to be Tiger or higher.
Is it the ghost town monster?
They're not sure yet.
I'll go
I want to catch the tiger by its tail.
Now I see
If it means running into monsters like this all the time
I wouldn't want to live here either.
Man, boring. This is boring me!
I finally kick a hero's butt and I don't get even a single scream.
Now that I think about it, even if I start living here,
I'll never be famous if there's no people.
Guess I'll keep going. Gotta find where they live.
There's somebody.
Another hero?
Or a regular guy?
I thought all the humans cleared out.
If all those monsters were really around,
there's no way he could live here
I guess that means it was just a rumor.
Shoot
I forgot to buy konbu soup stock.
Master, I saw a lot of konbu right outside the door.
Oh yeah, I just
just happened to get it for cheap.
Yes, people say that konbu is good for hair growth,
but since there is no real scientific proof,
its real effects are yet to be confirmed.
I did some research, so I am sure, Master.
For example, according to this site
No one said anything about hair!
City Z Investigative Report.
Nothing noteworthy about the downtown or residential areas.
aEDuring our investigation,aE
we encountered a ferocious monster in the abandoned area,
but were unable to exterminate it.
We escaped death,
but the monster we encountered disappeared
and it is possible that it still roams the area.
Also, according to this monster, there's a rumor that
powerful monsters already exist in this area.
Sounds like it was pretty brutal.
A monster?
Yes.
I think I'll pass this time.
See? I told you I should have gone!
But
faced with this,
I'm sure even you would have had a tough time.
I would have been fine, idiot!
The rumor has not been confirmed, but the reinforcements saw signs
that point to the existence of some horrible monstrosity.
Holy crap, what is this?
What kind of monster could cause such violence?
I'd hate to face off against this thing.
Hey, what's this?
Is it a part of the monster Spring Mustachio fought?
There may have been a territorial dispute
between the monsters
Seems like there's definitely something here.
We must continue our investigation and maintain vigilance over City Z.
Hey, did you hear?
There are monsters living in the City Z ghost town.
Yeah, rumor has it the toughest ones are secretly plotting something.
No, no. Not that rumor. It's about a more dangerous monster.
What's that?
You didn't hear?
I hear the place has now become terrifying
for both humans and monsters.
THE TERRIFYING CITY
Master, I filled in the holes in front of the house.
Oh, thanks!
Also,
MYSTERY MONSTER DEFEATS CLASS A HEROES your rank has gone up from last place, 388th, to 342nd.
Oh? Because of that Panic guy?
He boosted my ranking.
So it's been a week now.
Have you done anything?
No, not yet.
I guess it's only been a week.
I'm still ranked last in Class S for abilityin 17th place.
Sounds like you've still got a lot of training to do, Genos.
But in the public polls, for popularity I rank number six.
Why?!
A genius who, at the tender age of 19, made his debut in Class S.
He'll do great.
He's so handsome.
Love how he refuses to do media interviews. Very cool.
Those kinds of comments.
You're not embarrassed to read those out loud?
These comments are based on impressions from my photo,
not evaluations of me.
I think nothing of them.
Oh yeah?
They continue.
The Cyborg Prince.
Behind the steely exterior, I feel his fragile self.
Among the top five handsomest heroes.
Enough already!
NEXT EPISODE: THE SURPREME DISCIPLE This is Blizzard.
NEXT EPISODE: THE SURPREME DISCIPLE Perhaps you know me better as Blizzard from Hell?
Well, I only had a bit part this episode.
Next on One-Punch Man is episode 7,
The Ultimate Disciple.
The Blizzard Bunch will finally make its appearance.
Miss Blizzard, we're not scheduled to go on next week!
That can't be right!
