Episode 5 No Way I'd Regret It
Episode 5 No Way I'd Regret It
Episode 5 No Way I'd Regret It
Episode 5 No Way I'd Regret It
Yupon (nitroplus)
Episode 6 This is very strange
Can you really grant any wish?
Don't worry. I can grant your wish, no problem.
So, is that what you really want?
Yes, do it.
That's it.
Take it.
This is your destiny.
Oh, no!
Pardon me.
What's wrong, Hitomi? Didn't sleep?
The police kept me at the hospital late last night.
What?! Did something happen?
It seems as though I was sleep-walking or something.
There were some other girls there, but they were all out cold when I woke up.
No way!
The doctor said it could have been a collective hallucination.
He wants me to come back in for more testing after school.
It's such a bother.
Why didn't you just stay home today, then?
I can't do that!
People would think that I'm really sick, and my family would be worried.
That's our honor student! You're so mature!
I haven't felt this good in ages!
This is great!
Say, Sayaka-chan. Aren't you scared?
Hmm? Well, of course I'm a little scared. But that went pretty well yesterday.
If I had to say it, I'm more afraid of losing you and Hitomi. You two are my best friends, after all.
That's why!
How should I put it? Confident? Clear-minded? It's like I can trust myself.
Whatever the case, I feel great!
Mitakihara will now be under the protection of the great Magical Girl Sayaka-chan!
You don't regret it at all?
Well...
If I were to regret anything,
it would be that I hesitated.
I wonder how things would be if I had chosen sooner.
If we had both fought at that time, Mami-san may have lived.
You need to stop thinking like that.
I know...
I'm just saying this because you can't change the past.
I can't really explain it even if I try. I just wanted to become a Magical Girl.
Sayaka-chan...
I found my wish.
It's something that I'm willing to risk my life for.
It's my fault for not realizing it until now.
So you shouldn't feel bad.
It just means that you don't have to become a Magical Girl.
Well, I've got to get going.
Huh? You have plans?
Something like that.
I see. So you can't leave yet.
I still have some therapy. They won't let me leave until I can walk again.
As for my hand, they have no idea why it suddenly got better.
They'd like to keep it under observation for a little longer.
How are you feeling? Are you still in any pain?
None at all. That's what surprises me the most. It's like the accident was just a bad dream.
I don't even know what I'm doing in this bed.
It's like you said. This is a miracle, isn't it?
What's wrong?
I said some pretty horrible things to you, Sayaka-chan. I'm not sure what got into me.
There's no need to remember things like that.
All that matters is that you're happy now. Don't make such a sad face.
Yeah. I felt like I was running out of time.
Well, don't overdo it.
Oh, look at the time.
Kyousuke, why don't we get some fresh air?
What's on the roof?
You'll see.
Everyone's here!
The real celebration doesn't come until you're officially discharged,
but we decided to do something to celebrate your recovery first.
Th-That's...
You asked me to get rid of it, but I just couldn't.
Go on. There's nothing to be scared of.
Mami,
my wish has finally come true.
How could I regret it?
I've never been this happy.
Hmm...
So that's the new Magical Girl in town.
Are you really intending on fighting her?
She's obviously a pushover.
I'd finish her off in an instant. Who cares?
You got a problem with that?
It may not be as easy as you think.
After all, she's not the only other Magical Girl here.
Huh? And who would that be?
I'm not sure.
What? Didn't she make a contract with you to become a Magical Girl?
You could say that she both did and didn't.
She's a peculiar one.
Even I don't know what she'll do.
This makes things more interesting. I was worried that I was going to get bored.
Maybe it'll even be fun.
What did you want to talk about?
Well, it's about Sayaka-chan...
She's stubborn, she gets nervous easily, and she's always getting into fights.
But she's a good girl.
She's kind, bold, and she always tries her best to help others.
As a Magical Girl, that's a fatal flaw.
Is that... so...?
Kindness begets naivety. Courage begets imprudence.
There's no reward for devotion.
Those who can't understand that are not fit to be Magical Girls.
That's why Tomoe Mami lost her life.
Don't say that!
Sayaka-chan says that she's fine...
You're worried about Miki Sayaka, aren't you?
There's nothing I can do for her, so...
So please, Homura-chan...
Be friends with Sayaka-chan and don't fight with her, like how things were with you and Mami.
It'll be much safer if you go after the Witches together rather than going alone.
I don't want to make any false promises.
I suggest you give up on Miki Sayaka.
Why?
She didn't have to make a contract.
That was my mistake. I should have protected her, as I had you.
So...
I'll accept the responsibility, as this is an irreversible mistake.
Similar to the way one can't be brought back from the dead,
there's no saving someone once they've become a Magical Girl.
Making the contract means giving up everything you have for that one wish.
So you've given up...
Yes.
I won't ask for your forgiveness.
Regardless how heavy my sins may be, I must continue to fight.
It looks like I've wasted your time. Sorry.
Are you nervous?
Naturally. One mistake and it's game over.
Madoka?
Sayaka-chan, are you...
Yep! I'm going out on patrol in search of Witches. It's my duty as an ally of justice!
Are you okay going alone?
Of course. That's how Mami-san did it. I'm her student too, you know.
Uhm... I won't be of much help, and I'd probably just get in the way...
Aren't you trying too hard?
I'm... sorry...
You're right. I'd definitely just get in the way.
Not at all. It'd make me really happy.
My hands haven't stopped shaking for a while now. Can you tell?
It's kinda lame as a Magical Girl, but I feel lonely going on my own.
Sayaka-chan...
You won't be a nuisance. I'm really happy you want to come.
I feel calmer when I've got someone with me, like I can do anything!
I'll protect you! Come on, you'll be fine.
Let's hunt Witches like we did before.
You understand the dangers, right?
I know I'm clumsy so I'm bound to make mistakes on my own.
But if Madoka's with me, I'll be more careful.
I see.
It's fine as long as you understand.
Kyubei...
You have your reasons too, Madoka.
I know you want to protect Sayaka-chan.
As long as you're there to support Sayaka, there's no limit to what you can do.
You don't need to say anything.
I'm sure Sayaka-chan would agree.
If you make the decision, I'll be ready to grant your wish anytime.
Here it is.
This barrier must have been set up by a familiar instead of a Witch.
Don't get cocky. You're still new at this.
Don't be sloppy.
I got it.
That's...
It's getting away!
I got this!
Wait up. What do you two think you're doing?
It's getting away!
Can't you tell by looking? That wasn't a Witch, only a familiar.
They don't even carry grief seeds.
But if we don't do something about it, someone could be killed!
You should just wait for it to kill someone so that it'll become a Witch.
Then you can get grief seeds from it.
What do you think will happen to your chicken if you break the egg?
Are you saying we should just stand around while it kills people?
You sure are weird.
Didn't you know? They should have taught you all about the food chain in school.
The Witches eat weak humans, and we eat them.
It's nature's law. This is how we separate the weak from the strong.
Don't...
You...
Don't tell me you believe in helping people and justice.
Is that the real reason you made that contract with this little guy?
Say whatever you want!
Why don't you just give up?
Joining us for some half-assed reason...
You're pissing me off.
Sayaka-chan!
Hmph. Why don't you cool your head a bit?
That's strange. That attack should have had you out of commission for three months.
Sayaka-chan, are you okay?
Because she became a Magical Girl by wishing for someone's health...
Who the hell would listen to you?
If it weren't for people like you, Mami-san wouldn't...
You're annoying.
Very annoying!
What's your problem? You shouldn't talk to your seniors like that.
Shut up!
Who do you think you're talking to?!
Sayaka-chan!
Madoka, stay back! It's dangerous!
You're a fool who understands neither words nor beatings.
Looks like I have no choice but to kill you!
I can't lose.
Like hell I'd lose!
Why? Hey, why is this happening?
Why do we have to fight each other even when there are no Witches?
There's nothing I can do. Neither of them will back down.
Kyubei, please make them stop. This isn't right!
There's nothing I can do, but...
If you want them to stop, there is a way.
Only another Magical Girl can interfere.
You have the ability to choose that if that is what you wish for.
That's right. If I make a contract...
This is the end.
That won't be necessary.
Sayaka-chan, you became a Magical Girl to go after Witches, didn't you?
She's not a Witch, she's a Magical Girl like you...
This is very strange.
