Puella Magi Madoka Magica Episode 9
OP
Episode 9: I won't let that happen.
Huh?
Mm.
Akemi Homura
credits
preview
Akemi Homura
Episode 10: Don't depend on anyone anymore.
When wishing for someone else's happiness,
someone must be cursed in order to keep the balance.
That's how Magical Girls work.
I'm...
Sayaka!
What is this?
What the hell are you?
What did you do to Sayaka?
Retreat.
Grab on.
What?
Don't ask questions.
This is...
Once you let go of my hand time will stop for you too.
Be careful.
What the hell is going on?
Who is that Witch?
That used to be Miki Sayaka.
You should have witnessed that yourself.
Are we running?
If you don't want to run, drop what you are carrying now,
and go and kill that Witch.
Can you do it?
Don't joke around!
You can't do anything right now except get in the way.
Let us retreat for now.
Episode 9 I won't let that happen
Episode 9 I won't let that happen
Episode 9 I won't let that happen
Sayaka-chan!
Sayaka-chan! What's wrong?!
Hey, her Soul Gem...
What happened to Sayaka-chan?
After her Soul Gem turned into a Grief Seed,
a Witch was born, and she has totally disappeared.
You're lying to me, right?
I am speaking the truth.
This is the final secret hidden within the Soul Gem.
When this jewel becomes dull and black,
we will become Grief Seeds, and then Witches.
This is the inescapable fate of becoming a Magical Girl.
You're lying.
That's a lie, right?
How? Why?
Sayaka-chan kept saying she wanted to save the world from the hands of the Witches.
She wanted to become a companion of righteousness.
She became a Magical Girl with that thought!
But...
She just carried a curse that is equal to her wish.
The more people she wanted to save, the more people she will curse now.
Who the hell are you?
Are you just showing off that you know everything?
Why did you have to say all that to her?
She is Sayaka's...
You understand everything completely now, right?
Understand that all you have seen till now, has a completely different truth behind it.
Since you have brought out her body, you have to treat it carefully.
If you just dump it somewhere, there will be trouble.
Are you even still human?
Of course not.
Neither are you.
Can I come in? I have something to tell you.
You're still alive?
Homura-chan's words, are they true?
There isn't any error I need to rectify.
That means you wanted everyone to become Witches eventually.
That's why you let them become Magical Girls.
I hope you don't misunderstand something.
We mean no harm toward humanity.
This is all to prolong the life of the universe.
Madoka, have you ever heard of entropy?
Basically, for example, the energy obtained from a bonfire is not equal to the energy put into growing the tree.
When changing into different forms, energy is lost.
The energy of the entire universe is gradually decreasing.
That's why we kept trying to find a power that's not bound by the conservation of energy.
What we found, was the magic of Magical Girls.
You are...
We invented a scientific technique to convert the emotions of sentient creatures into energy.
But, regrettably, we had lost our emotions long before.
Thus, we investigated the different species existing in the universe,
and finally found you, humans.
Considering humanity's numbers and reproductive ability,
the emotional energy generated from one person far exceeds what's required.
If your spirits are used in entropy,
you can each be used as a source of energy.
And, the efficiency of the transfer is the highest,
in girls who are in their second developmental stage, who change hope into despair.
Your souls are completely lit during their transformation into Soul Gems.
The moment your Soul Gem turns into a Grief Seed,
an incomparably large energy is produced.
It is us, the Incubators, who are responsible for collecting this energy.
Are we all expendable to you?
Do you want us to die for you?
Do you know how many civilizations are clashing in this universe?
In a moment, how much energy is exhausted?
You humans will also eventually leave this planet and become our companions.
At that time, you probably do not hope to receive a wilted and empty universe.
If you think of this in the long term, this is a very equal trade for all of you.
You're kidding me.
For that ridiculous reason,
Mami-san died, Sayaka-chan has also turned into that thing.
This is too much, it's too cruel.
We only made the contract after asking for your consent.
That alone should have been good enough.
Everyone's been deceived by you!
We cannot comprehend what deception is.
We do not understand why it is that,
when humans regret their own mistake in judgment,
they easily blame others.
I can't understand what you are saying, and I can't agree with your views.
We're the ones who can't understand the values and perspective of you humans.
You number more than 6.9 billion now, and 10 more people are gained every 4 seconds.
Why do you make such a fuss over losing one or two people?
If you think that, then that shows that you are indeed our enemy.
I'm just debating with you now.
I wish that you could understand how much good your sacrifice can be exchanged for.
But it looks like I can't convince you.
No, you can't.
Madoka, you will eventually become the strongest Magical Girl ever,
and then a Witch most difficult to defeat.
When that happens, we can get energy unlike anything we've received before.
If you are willing to sacrifice yourself for the universe,
I will wait for you.
You're working so hard to keep the corpse fresh. What are you trying to accomplish?
Is there any way to get her Soul Gem back?
According to my knowledge, there is no way.
That means, there are still situations that you can't understand.
A Magical Girl is an existence that transcends rationality.
There's nothing surprising about Magical Girls being able to do something that transcends natural laws.
That means that it's possible.
There has been no precedent,
so I do not know what methods there might be.
Regretfully, I cannot give you any advice.
I don't need it!
Who the hell needs your help?!
Madoka-san, you don't look so good this morning.
Is everything all right?
Yeah, I just didn't sleep too well.
Oh right, is Sayaka-san still on leave today?
Should we go visit her later?
But, is it appropriate for me to go?
It's a little difficult for me to speak to her.
Hitomi-chan, listen to me...
After seeing that kind of thing yesterday, you're still able to go to school?
Madoka-san.
I have something to say to you, come to the roof.
Hitomi-chan, sorry.
I'll be asking for leave today, too.
What?
Wait a minute, Madoka-san!
Excuse me, do you have something to tell me?
Do you want to save Miki Sayaka?
Can she be saved?
If she can't, will you give up on her?
That's a pretty weird question I just asked.
Maybe you think that I'm an idiot,
but I won't give up, until it's confirmed that she can't be saved.
Although she has become a Witch, perhaps she still remembers the voice of her friend.
If you call out to her, maybe she can summon up her memories of being a human.
The only one who can do that is probably you.
Could that really work?
I don't know.
But that's why I have to try.
Maybe after cleaving that Witch in two,
what would appear inside wouldn't be a Grief Seed, but Sayaka's Soul Gem.
Those stories about love and courage defeating everything, aren't they all like that?
If I think about it,
maybe it's because I dreamed of those stories that I became a Magical Girl.
Although I've already seen past that,
Sayaka has led me back to that reason again.
If you don't want to come, I won't force you to do anything.
This is a risky move, after all.
Also, I can't promise that, if anything happens, I will protect you.
I want to help.
I want to help you.
My name is Kaname Madoka.
Really, you can sure mess up someone's rhythm.
My name is Sakura Kyoko, nice to meet you.
Excuse me, I am not feeling well. May I go to the nurse's office?
Who is the health representative for this class?
Kaname-san also asked for leave today.
Then the class president can accompany her...
Will Homura-chan come and help?
She's not that kind of person.
But aren't you friends?
No. It's more like being comrades.
We just banded together to defeat an enemy that we cannot defeat by ourselves.
Walpurgis...
It's a terribly strong and evil Witch.
Both she and I... probably cannot defeat it by ourselves.
That's why we set up an alliance.
It's basically just that kind of relationship.
It's here.
Was that really Sayaka-chan? Could it be some other Witch?
The style of magic is the same as yesterday.
It's definitely her.
OK, let me ask again.
Are you really ready?
I'm almost used to it.
I've always been behind everyone.
Although I've never been of any use,
but please, take me with you.
You really are a weird kid.
Hey, Kyoko-chan.
I've always been watching others fight, but not doing anything myself.
Am I really despicable?
Why do you want to be a Magical Girl anyway?
Why...
Don't underestimate this job.
It's not just something that anyone can do.
But...
You eat delicious food every day, and you have your family around you.
If people who live how they want become Magical Girls on a whim,
then I definitely would not agree with that.
I would beat up anyone who did that.
Only people who have been forced into a corner would do this kind of job that disregards their lives.
If other people wanted to try this kind of job, then they would just be looking for fun.
That's just nonsense.
Is it like that?
Maybe one day, you will also be forced into a situation where you must fight.
When that time comes, then you can consider such questions.
Why did Kyoko-chan -
She found us, she's coming!
Are you ready?
Do it like we planned!
Mm, okay!
Sayaka-chan, it's Madoka.
Can you hear me?
Can you recognize my voice?
Don't be afraid. Continue to call out to her!
Sayaka-chan, don't do that!
I beg you, please remember!
Sayaka-chan wouldn't want to do this!
Sayaka-chan, didn't you want to become the symbol of justice?
Please, turn back into the original Sayaka-chan!
If she doesn't listen, we have the second method!
Sayaka!
Kyoko-chan!
I'm fine.
This is nothing.
Continue to call out to her!
Call Sayaka back...
Stop it, stop it now!
Sayaka-chan, hear us!
Is this revenge for the battle before?
It seems that we've been fighting from the first time we met.
I said you were too naive.
That time, no matter how much I beat you up, didn't you stand back up?
You must be really angry, feeling that everything I ever did was unforgivable!
I can understand it.
When you're no longer angry, please wake up!
Sayaka-chan, please...
Sayaka!
Didn't you say that you believe that you can use this strength to bring happiness to people?
God, please...
If I have to die like that,
let me see the beautiful dream one more time, at least!
Kyoko!
Hey.
You...
That girl is yours.
I let her come with me to do something stupid.
In battles, don't you hate to have something weigh you down?
It's all right, you were right.
As long as you protect the one you want, to protect them to the very end is enough.
I wonder why?
It seems that's what I did until now too.
Go.
I will block this thing.
Don't worry, Sayaka.
Being by yourself must be very lonely.
Don't worry, I will stay with you, Sayaka.
Kyoko.
Akemi Homura
Did Sakura Kyoko really have any chance to save Miki Sayaka?
How could she?
That kind of thing is impossible.
Then, why didn't you stop her?
If she wasted her sacrifice, of course I would have stopped her.
But this time, her death has an important meaning.
Now, the only Magical Girl that can stand up against Walpurgis Night is you.
Of course, if it's just you, you can't win.
To protect this town, Madoka has to become a Magical Girl.
I definitely won't let you get your way.
Akemi Homura
No one believes in the future.
No one can stop the future.
Don't depend on anyone anymore.
Illustrator Namaniku ATK
Episode 10 Don't depend on anyone anymore
