OP
*TS* : Super Vodka; : Danger! Do not mix!
ED
*TS*
*TS*Episode 5 - No way I regretted it
Are you here to see Kamijou-kun?
Huh? Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry. We've arranged a new treatment for him. He's in the rehabilitation room right now.
Oh, I see. Thank you.
She always comes by to pay him a visit.
That patient is a real handful. We're lucky to have her.
I hope she can do something for him.
Before the accident, he was a child prodigy with the violin.
Even if he's able to walk again, his fingers will prevent him from being able to play music.
Why did it have to be Kyosuke?
No matter how well my fingers work, they'll never do me any good.
Why did this have to happen to him instead of me?
If he's able to recover thanks to my wish, how would that make him feel?
Would it be a mere, thank you?
Is there something more that I want him to say?
I'm...
Looking back now, I didn't understand anything.
I didn't understand a thing about miracles. Nor did I understand the price I would have to pay.
Episode 4 There Exists Both Miracles and Magic
Episode 4 There Exists Both Miracles and Magic
You've got something there.
Madoka.
If you don't start eating, you'll be late.
Yeah...
Nee-chan, what's wrong?
Is the food that bad?
No, it's really good.
It's really delicious.
Papa's cooking is so delicious because I'm alive.
No matter what I said after that, there was no response.
I even worked up some tears and asked if I had said something weird again.
It was really hard not to burst out laughing.
Sayaka-chan, about what happened yesterday...
I'm sorry, not right now. We can talk about it later.
I'm weird, am I not?
I wouldn't say that.
Speaking of nitrates and hot springs, we must refer back to our medical science for the answer.
However, based on what we've seen, the estimated number of people living in poverty is largely inaccurate.
Thus, females above the age of 30 may still have a chance to fall in love and get married.
And so, the correct form to use here is the present tense rather than the past.
It's almost like we somehow ended up in an unfamiliar land.
The school where we met Hitomi-chan is exactly the same as yesterday.
But everywhere you look, there are strangers.
Everyone is a stranger.
We know about Magical Girls and Mami-san.
But everyone else is oblivious.
We're living in a different world, and the things we see are completely different.
Sayaka-chan.
Everything changed a long time ago. We should have realized it sooner.
Madoka, do you still intend to become a Magical Girl?
I guess that's how it is.
There's nothing we can do.
We knew this wasn't going to be easy. We can't just back out now.
But when I think about the way she died, I feel like I'm suffocating.
I'm scared. I don't want this.
Mami-san was a very kind and gentle person.
How disillusioned must one be to do battle? In order to show us that...
Kyubei, where will this road lead us?
Who will take Mami-san's place and protect everyone from the Witches?
This has always been Mami's territory,
but now that there's nobody guarding it, the other Magical Girls won't just sit back and watch.
There will soon be others coming to deal with the Witches here.
Will they be in it just for the grief seeds?
Like that transfer student.
It's true that people like Mami are rare.
Most would first weigh the pros and cons before acting.
Everyone wants something.
So...
But only those who also carry the burden of being a Magical Girl have the right to criticize them.
I understand what you're thinking.
Although it is unfortunate, I can't force you.
Let's end things here. I need to search for more people who will form a contract with me.
I'm sorry, Kyubei.
I should be the one apologizing. I shouldn't have gotten you mixed up in this.
It's been a short journey, but I still want to thank you.
It was fun living with you, Madoka.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I'm so useless. I'm so sorry.
Homura-chan.
Kaname Madoka, you're blaming yourself too much for what happened.
There is no one who can criticize you.
If someone were to, I wouldn't let them go easily.
Will you listen to what I have to say?
Sure.
If only I had listened to you earlier...
You still would not have been able to affect the fate of Tomoe Mami.
But your fate has changed.
Even if I can only save one person, that is enough to make me truly happy.
Homura-chan seems to have experienced happiness, but it's kinda different from Mami-san's type.
That's very likely. I won't deny it.
You've already seen lots of people die like that, right? Just like that scene from yesterday.
Yes.
How many?
Too many to bother counting.
Will that room remain as it is forever?
Tomoe Mami has no relatives.
I imagine it will be a while before anyone reports her missing.
No one will know that Mami-san is dead?
There's nothing we can do.
You won't leave behind a corpse if you die in that world.
In this world, she is merely a lost soul.
That is the fate of all Magical Girls.
That's so cruel.
She was always fighting alone to protect everyone.
But to think that nobody will ever know...
It's too lonely.
We all have made the contract and received this power.
It's not meant for anyone else.
All we can do is stand for what we believe in and continue to fight.
Even if nobody recognizes us, and nobody remembers who we are.
There's absolutely nothing that we can do.
But I remember her.
I'll never forget Mami-san.
Never.
Is that so?
I'm sure that would make her very happy.
I'm jealous.
Homura-chan too! I definitely won't forget you!
I'll never forget how you saved us yesterday!
Homura-chan.
You're too kind.
You must remember that this kindness may lead you into even greater pain.
What are you listening to?
Lieder und Gesange.
Oh, Debussy?
It's a beautiful piece, isn't it?
Most people don't expect me to be interested in classical music.
So when I tell them that I know the name of a piece, they're always really surprised.
It's kind of unexpected, and they respect me for it.
Kyousuke, if you hadn't shown these to me, I probably never would have heard them.
Sayaka, do you...
What is it?
Do you hate me?
Why are you still making me listen to music?
Are you trying to hurt me?
But you like music.
I don't want to listen to this!
Just listening to music when I can't even play...
I can't move them...
I can't feel pain at all...
These hands are...
You'll be all right.
I'm sure they'll get better.
Don't lose hope. They'll heal someday.
I was told to give up.
The doctor came in-person and told me to give up on music.
He said it's not possible with the current technology.
My hands will never move again.
Unless miracles or magic exist, they won't get better.
They do.
Miracles and magic do exist.
I could have made friends with Homura-chan if I had talked to her.
Why was she fighting with Mami-san?
Huh? Hitomi-chan?
Hitomi-chan!
About today's homework!
Huh? It's just like the woman from that time.
Hitomi-chan!
Hey, Hitomi-chan!
Oh my, Kaname-san. Hello.
Wh-What's wrong?
Where are you going?
Where am I going...
I'm going to a place that's much better than this.
Hitomi-chan...
Oh, I know! Why don't you come with me, Kaname-san?
Yes. That would be splendid.
What should I do?
Could this be...
If I could just contact Homura-chan...
I don't know her phone number!
That's right... I'm useless.
I can't even run a small factory correctly.
The way I am now...
I've no place to go to.
Super Vodka
Danger! Do not mix!
Super Vodka
Danger! Do not mix!
Super Vodka
Danger! Do not mix!
Super Vodka
Danger! Do not mix!
Super Vodka
Danger! Do not mix!
Listen up, Madoka.
If you mix these together, something bad will happen.
It could kill everyone here.
So you mustn't mix them.
No...
You can't do that!
It would be imprudent to interfere.
This is a ritual of offering.
But it's dangerous!
Everyone here will die!
That's right. Everyone here will soon embark on a journey through wonderland.
Can't you understand how wonderful that would be?
A living body is nothing more than a hindrance.
Kaname-san, you will come to understand soon enough.
Let go of me!
What should I do?!
What should I do?!
No... This is...
No... Save me!
Someone!
Is this my punishment?
Because I'm weak? Because I'm a liar?
I have to pay the price.
Sayaka-chan?!
This should finish you!
Sorry about that.
Looks like I made it just in the nick of time.
Sayaka-chan, that costume...
I guess you could say I changed my mind.
It's fine! I did well for my first time, don't you think?
But...
You...
You're late, Transfer Student!
I didn't think you'd actually come.
I heard about that Mami going and getting herself killed, so I made the trip out here.
What's going on here? This is completely different from what you said!
I'm sorry about that. The city has a new Magical Girl now.
I only just formed the contract with her.
What's with you?
I'm pretty pissed.
Like I would just give up on such a suitable breeding ground.
What do you intend to do?
Do you even need to ask?
I just need to beat her.
That girl...
Kobayashi Jin
I've started my flight.
Now, I, Magical Girl Sayaka, will do my utmost best to allow the peace of Mitakihara City to prevail.
Episode 5 No Way I'd Regret It.
No Way I'd Regret It.
