Here they come.
Wait, we don't...!
Run! Quickly!
What is it?
How stupid.
I want to see dreams further into the future.
It's time.
Besides that idiot, there are six other contractors.
They were once members of the EPR.
From what I understand from my client,
they're negotiating with a French syndicate he's directly connected with,
or a special Chinese agency.
Let's finish this before they arrive.
I don't take orders from you.
You know it's impossible, yet you're still going to try and save her?
Do what you want then.
I'm tired of trying to convince you.
However, just remember that our primary objective is to prevent her from awakening.
Save her? Does that doll really want to be saved?
It's good to be a contractor, because we don't dream.
They're here.
Who are we up against?
Four Caucasians, one black person and one Asian.
So it's the French.
What's going on?
I told all the intelligence agencies in the world to come if they wanted it.
I don't need you anymore.
Now! Kill him!
It's me! He's getting free!
I checked out the guys above.
It's the Chinese. Three of them are probably contractors.
They're just as sharp as the Syndicate remnants... No, even sharper!
It's been a while, Xi-Qi.
You could at least show your true face to me.
We're men who've made our vows together.
Well, whatever.
So this is the doll?
Seems like there's plenty of people after you,
but it looks like we found you first.
Shall we make our move?
Not yet.
No need to do anything while they're still killing each other.
And if we make a mistake,
one of the other groups which decided to watch and wait will realize our plans.
Yin!
Yin! Yin!
Hei...
Yin...
Thank you. I didn't think you'd come for me.
I'm just a doll to you.
There are many who could replace me.
Yin?
Or are you interested in my awakening too?
It's futile. I have control of your brain now.
You're a bit late in coming here.
I already sold your doll to these men.
It's ridiculous.
Even after becoming a contractor, you still can't live in this world without it.
I became a contractor at the age of 16 and had these people take me in.
I grew up in a dump,
and by simply killing and deceiving people, I was given all the food and clothing I wanted.
But then I started thinking.
Why we contractors who have special powers have to live in servitude to humans?
It's time, Xi-Qi.
Your doll has the power to change this stupid world.
Don't you want to try living to your fullest as a contractor?
We were made to govern in this new world!
Wait!
Who said I couldn't control two people at once?
Are you trying to commit suicide?
Your actions aren't ones a contractor would take.
Whether I was logical or not depends on what I was after.
And I'm saying that contractor trash spouting ideals is not logical!
Hei...
Hei...
Yin!
Kill...
Kill... me...
What's going on?
I don't know! I don't know but, this is like...
The Gate!
Why?
Why do I have to kill you?
Please...
Please, Hei!
Don't move! It'll be over soon.
Show them!
Show the world!
Show the contractors that a new world is coming!
Yin...!
This place is done for. Let's go!
Bravo 1! We can't tell what the situation is! What's going on? Bravo 1!
This is Bravo 1.
It's strange. The gauge shows everything is fine,
but it can't be! Something is happening!
I told you. The awakening had stopped when she heard the baby cry in the jungle.
Your doll was there that time.
They were such fools to think that Contractors would rule the world,
but you're a huge one yourself!
Did you really think you could stop the doll's awakening?
Did you think some peaceful life was waiting for you?
Just what kind of dream did you have?
Where's Yin?
Yin?
I'm Yin.
No! You're not Yin!
Stop!
What is it?
Am I Yin? Or...?
Yin...
Stop!
Hei! Please!
Don't fight it anymore!
I can't!
I don't want to hurt you!
I don't... I don't want to lose what's important to me anymore!
But...
Then isn't it okay?
We can become one.
Stop!
Stop!
Stay away!
Yin!
I love you, Hei, and I don't want to forget that.
But...
We can't be together any longer.
Wait! What are you doing?
Goodbye.
Yin!
If we ever meet again, then...
Yin!
The maiden, thereafter referred to as Izanami,
shall cause the countless stars, her own flesh and blood, to fall as rain,
and descend before a new gate.
Just as the Mitaka documents predicted, we witnessed Izanami's awakening.
Similar to the period before the awakening,
Contractors and Dolls are being interfered with, but now it's spread to affect even non-Contractors.
Attacks with conventional weapons have all been nullified,
and we currently detect bends in space-time as fierce as those when the Gate appeared.
Our best guess is that someone is interfering with Izanami from beyond the gate.
However, we do not have the means to understand what is happening and what would come from the gate.
We can assume that, due to the use of the anti-gate particle beam,
Izanami's movements have temporarily slowed, and by increasing the beam's output
we have the chance to completely wipe her from exist-
Hello?
What is it?
Izanami is on the move again!
Put it on the monitor!
Beam output to maximum! I don't care if it overloads!
We can't! It still won't pierce through at all!
What should we do?
What's going on?
Izanami's gate particle count is dropping!
Her awakening... is stopping!
Prepare the cryopreservation chamber! Now!
Man, it's busy!
Thanks.
Could you put out the dishes?
Hey, you drunk! Stop drinking in the morning and help out a bit!
Ah, you bastard! You're not listening to me, are you?
I don't know what's going on,
but even if the world's about to end, these guys are still starving!
Hey! Hey!
What a temper.
I've got a job for you, if you want.
The CIA is looking for a skilled agent.
She's still alive.
50 years ago, the Syndicate was created to prevent the Mitaka documents from coming true.
And in spite of it all, this is the only way we could do it.
To increase its power, the Syndicate grew, expanded and eventually forgot its true purpose.
We've been off the path for too long.
Where is this?
Inside me.
Who are you?
I am Yin.
Yin?
I guess I can't talk to anyone yet but you.
Not now.
Why?
Because no one is ready yet.
I still don't understand. We gathered so many samples.
I can't do it anymore.
Let's make a deal.
When that time comes, we will grant your wish.
Really?
Do you think that day will come?
Hei will tell me when that day comes.
Hei?
Yes. Hei.
I see. Then we will wait for him with you.
Can you fly? ano sora ni kagayaku Ziggy Star
Can you fly? Ziggy Star shining in the sky
kowareta yume kieta ai torimodoshite Fly away
Claiming back my broken dreams and lost love Fly away
Can you try? nikushimi o jihi e to kaete
Can you try? Changing this hate into compassion
kawaita mune o nurasu Darker than Black
Soaking up my dry chest Darker than Black
utsuro ni hikaru kousou no mado
From hollow spaces the windows on the skyscrapers shine,
hatasenu mama no yakusoku
a promise that remains unfulfilled
muda ni nagareta chi to namida ni somaru kanashii Game
Dyed in pointlessly flowing blood and tears, this sad Game
Oh, Where is my friend? hitori yozora o nagamereba
Oh, Where is my friend? If I Gaze at the night sky alone
hoshikage ni yureru kimi no Sweet smile
Swaying in the starlight is your Sweet smile
Can you try? tachihadakaru kabe o kowashite
Can you try? Break the wall that is blocking your way
tabidatsu toki o kizamu Darker than Black
The time to begin is ticking by Darker than Black
