Why...
Why...
are you crying?
are you crying?
This picture book...
This picture book...
The ending...
The ending...
is so sad!
is so sad!
I really...
I really...
love this book a lot, but...
love this book a lot, but...
Oh?
Oh?
Hey...
Hey...
Let me have it for a second...
Let me have it for a second...
This way...
This way...
If we do this...
If we do this...
See? If we do this, they'll both find bliss and have a happy ending, right?
See? If we do this, they'll both find bliss and have a happy ending, right?
That's amazing! What a lovely story!
That's amazing! What a lovely story!
What's your name?
What's your name?
Me? I'm Ichijou Raku!
Me? I'm Ichijou Raku!
What about you?
What about you?
My name is...
My name is...
It's been ages since I've had that dream.
The dream about when she and I met...
What the hell?!
If I'm going to dream about it, at least let me see the whole thing!
Well, it's no surprise that I had that dream.
Not after what happened the day before yesterday.
After all is said and done, Onodera isn't the girl I made the promise to.
Not only that,
but now she totally thinks that Kirisaki and I are going out.
Why is this happening to me?
What? What's going on?
Are you okay, Young Master?
Anyway, today I'm gonna talk to Onodera and clear up this misunderstanding.
Even if it was ten years ago, and you were just kids...
You never know. Maybe it's still important to her.
I wonder if she's still holding onto the key after all these years.
Hey, bean sprout across the street!
Good morning, darling!
What happened to you? You look pretty wiped.
Well, after our date the day before yesterday...
What happened afterwards?
Any comments about your first date?
When are you going on your next date?
They bombarded me with questions about it!
You too, huh?
This really sucks, you know?
I can't even relax in my own home now!
Right... The only place where we can let our guard down is at school, I guess.
How long does this have to go on?
Did they really mean all three years? They gotta be kidding.
The biggest thorn in our sides is Four-Eyes,
seeing as he's the only one who's not buying it at all.
Where is he today?
Beats me. I haven't seen him at all since this morning.
Anyway, I'm warning you!
If, by any chance, you blow our cover at school, I'm so gonna make you regret it!
You don't have to remind me.
Hey! Another thing! Don't forget about Onodera-san!
Make sure you have a word with her, too!
If she blabs about the day before yesterday, we're screwed!
Onodera's not the kind of person who'd tell others
Hey, Onodera!
Morning, Ichijou-kun!
Cool. There's something I wanted to talk to you about.
Listen, about the day before yesterday...
Whoa! Look, it's Ichijou and Kirisaki-san!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Hey, everybody! They're both here!
Yo!
We've been waiting for you!
Congrats!
Rumor has it that you two are going out now!
We wish you everlasting happiness together!
What's going on? What the hell are you talking about?
Hey, don't play dumb with me, Raku.
I've already got the scoop on you!
Itano and Shirogasaki witnessed you two on a date in the city on Saturday!
We saw you, all right!
Raku! I'm so bitter!
I never dreamed that you'd get a girlfriend before me!
Kirisaki-san!
Why on earth would you take this unappealing tool as your boyfriend?
Wh-What?!
Huh? What's this? You guys are dating now?
Good for you! Must be nice to be young.
Aren't you glad you're sitting next to each other?
No, no, no! You're jumping in too?!
Hold up a second, you guys!
This is all a huge misunderstanding, all right?
There are lots of good reasons
Now that my misgivings about their relationship have been confirmed,
I've got to find a way to trip up that little punk!
Wait for me, please, Mistress!
I swear I'll deliver you from his malevolent hands!
Claude, you idiot!
Th-This sucks.
What do you mean by good reasons?
What are we misunderstanding?
Huh? Don't tell me you two aren't actually dating.
Right, right! You guys just didn't get it!
Not at all! We're not just any couple.
We're a couple that's totally hot for each other!
What a bold statement!
Jeez, don't give us a heart attack like that!
You two are sizzling!
We... We're screwed.
O-Onodera, listen. Come to think of it, I never finished what I was saying.
How wonderful! You guys just click like you're made for each other!
Madly in
Madly in Love
Th-This sucks.
Why does this keep happening to us?
What's going to become of my high school life?
How long are you going to mope?
I'm the one who's ready to wallow in depression!
Thanks to Four-Eyes staking us out during both lunch and our break time,
I never did get a chance to talk to Onodera.
All right, I have things to do,
so you go on home!
What are you do
Shut up!
Don't tell me...
Onodera's going to think I'm taken all the way till graduation and I'll never get a chance to tell her!
Please, no! Anything but that! I'll try talking to her again!
So I say, but I never have the chance...
Oh!
Onodera
Are you about to leave, Ichijou-kun?
Yeah, I guess so. You too, Onodera?
Yes, my committee meeting just ended.
Crap! What a coincidence! What should I say now?
It did, huh? Sounds like a lot of work.
But this is my chance! It's do or die!
If I don't do it now, I may never get another chance to clear up this misunderstanding!
Onodera, could you listen to what I have to say?
Look, about Kirisaki and me...
No, waitwhat if...
Oh, is that right? So you two aren't actually boyfriend and girlfriend. I understand the situation now.
But why are you only telling me?
C-Crap! How should I answer her?
Because you're the one person that I didn't want getting the wrong idea?
Because I didn't want you to think about me that way?
Hey, that's the same as telling her I'm in love with her!
If I'm confessing either way, I don't want it to be half-assed!
And besides, I'm not mentally prepared for that yet!
Crap! What do I do?
W-Well, the truth is, I've been thinking that the gorilla and I aren't the best match.
I'm wondering myself how we ended up together.
Oh, there you go again.
You shouldn't say things like that!
There goes my self-esteem!
It's obvious that Kirisaki-san saw something that she liked in you, don't you think?
No, no, no, that's impossible!
Besides, there's nothing that great about me...
That's not true! There's plenty!
You think so?
For real? I'm so thrilled that Onodera would praise me!
Yes, I do.
For example, you know...
Kirisaki-san still has some trouble with Japanese,
and you've been secretly taking notes for her. Things like that.
And like how you don't have it in you to ignore an abandoned animal,
or how you spend hours helping elderly women you don't even know look for things.
When your friends forget their homework,
you lie and say that you've forgotten yours too,
or when your friends are about to get busted by a teacher,
you stick with them so they don't have to get yelled at by themselves.
See? I told you there was plenty.
This is like a dream. Onodera noticed me doing all those things.
No, those are just little things.
Kirisaki wouldn't fall for me over that.
You don't think so? But...
I think I can understand why Kirisaki-san fell in love with you, Ichijou-kun.
Hey. My bad!
That's...
Episode 3: Two of a Kind
Episode 3: Two of a Kind
Episode 3: Two of a Kind
What's this key? Did Onodera drop it?
It doesn't seem to be a house key.
A key... A key? Don't tell me...
No way!
O-Onodera... Is that...
N-No, it's not!
Th-This is... the key... to my house
No! I mean
I mistook it for my house key!
A-Actually... This is... It's the key to an old bookcase in my house.
And instead of my house key
Oh my goodness, I'm so embarrassed! What in the world am I doing?
S-S-S
So anyway...
It's not what you think!
O-Ono
Holy crap. I've known her since middle school,
but I've never seen Onodera act like that before.
My heart was about to pop out of my chest!
She said herself that it was a different key, so it's probably true.
Besides, I learned that Onodera wasn't the girl I made the promise to not too long ago.
What am I doing, getting my hopes up?
But was that really the key to a bookcase?
Oh, crap! I forgot to explain to her what's going on between Kirisaki and me again.
Well, whatever. I'll just give it another shot tomorrow.
I'm sure I'll get another chance.
Good morning, darling!
I really missed you!
Morning, honey!
Right back at you!
You two're so in love!
You two don't waste time, huh?
This humiliation is too much to handle after all.
Well, it's only been a day. Can't expect these guys to lose interest so soon.
I really have to hand it to those two.
In olden times, Christianity was...
Catacombs are...
Okay, then we'll invite you next time.
Y-Yeah, I'll make it next time.
What's with all the fidgeting?
What the
Y-You can just shut up!
How did it come to this?
At the very least, we have to do something about Four Eyes.
Not gonna happen.
Once he's in that mode, Claude won't listen to a word you say to him.
Oh, right.
By the way, I guess I should let you know.
Apparently Claude won't be sticking around after school today.
Some kind of deal's going down, or something.
Really?
How long do I have to put up with this?
Hey, here's an idea.
If you have a close friend who can keep a secret, you could probably tell them.
Even if it's just one person,
if there's someone who knows what you're going through,
I'm sure that would take a load off your chest too.
Oh, is that so?
In that case, why don't you just go right ahead?
Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
Why don't you shut up? Don't talk to me!
I have things to do after school, so you can just head home without me!
Hey, wa
What's gotten into her now?
You want my advice? It's about Kirisaki-san, I bet.
Well, yeah.
What did you do?
I didn't do anything!
Listen up. These creatures called girls are as delicate as candy!
So tell me...
How soft are those lips of hers?
We haven't done that yet!
So? What's your problem, then?
Talk to me. I'm your best friend, right?
I see.
It's not quite clear to me, but you told her she should confide in a friend about her secret.
Yeah, something like that.
I have absolutely no clue which part made her lose it.
Well, it could be that she was just in a bad mood, but...
If you ask me, it was her way of saying,
If I had any friends I could confide in, then I would!
Don't you think that's what it boils down to?
She doesn't have any friends?
Well, I wouldn't know. You're her boyfriend, aren't you?
But I've seen her talking with the other girls like she was having a blast.
Well, so have I,
but I've never seen Kirisaki acting as close with others as she does with you.
Onodera? She already went home.
She was just here a minute ago, see.
Apparently there was no committee meeting today.
Is that right?
So Onodera's gone home, huh? This was supposed to be my big chance!
Oh, man, what should I do now?
Kirisaki told me to go home, so maybe I should...
But I've never seen Kirisaki acting as close with others as she does with you.
Damn it! I can't help but worry about her when you feed me a line like that!
And then, Kirisaki-san...
So I talked to her this morning again, but...
I just can't shake the feeling that she's putting up a wall.
Like she's avoiding us.
It's hard enough, trying to talk to the new girl who's both blonde and beautiful...
But she seems totally different when she's with Ichijou-kun.
Behind that pretty face, she might actually hate us.
Come to think of it,
ever since she transferred here,
I've spent a whole lot of time with her,
but I've been so preoccupied with being her fake boyfriend that
as far as her personal life was concerned,
I never even bothered to notice what was going on.
Oh, it's Moriya...
Gan? Gan... ka?
Iwa... Oh, Iwashita!
Seriously, this Chinese/Japanese pronunciation thing is a total mystery.
Iwashita-san is the girl with the ponytail.
She's on the tennis team. Active, cheerful, and talks to me a lot.
She might be interested if I talk about sports.
Suzu, too. Suzuki-san is the brunette in the Gardening Club.
She's easygoing and sweet, and likes cafe lattes.
Next time, I'm going to start up a conversation for sure!
You scared me!
What...
Wh-What are you doing here?
How long have you been there?
Well, sorry. I don't know, I just...
D-Did you see anything? Did you hear me?
Yeah.
Wait, wait! Time out!
Well? Go ahead and laugh!
Well, what am I supposed to do?
There's no other way, since I'm still not familiar with everybody yet.
I have no idea how to approach them, or how to make friends.
I have no clue!
You know how Claude is, don't you?
He's been watching over me since I was little,
but as you've already seen, he's overprotective.
Overprotective
Overprotective
Even when I was going to school, it had to be under escort.
Whenever I was out, he'd be skulking around, packing a gun!
Before I knew it, he started checking out who I was hanging with.
You have no idea how hard he made it for me to make friends!
The truth is, I wanted to make friends like any normal girl and lead a peaceful life.
I thought that if I came to Japan,
no one would know that I was the daughter of a gang boss, and I would finally get a real shot at it.
But it's not working out for me, after all.
Why...
Why am I telling this to you of all people?!
Seriously, this is one messed-up story.
I guess if you're brought up in the same environment,
you start to think like each other, too, huh?
I used to have a notebook like yours too.
What?
My dad's in the yakuza, you know. So since I was a little kid,
every time I changed schools, people would say all kinds of things about me.
I made a notebook to help me overcome it.
Iwashita's a good kid, you know?
If you bring up sports in front of her, she gets totally fired up.
Suzuki's a good student, so you should ask her if you don't get something.
I bet you'd get along really well with Moriya.
I'm pretty sure she's been dying to talk to you.
I know pretty much everything about our class from all my past experiences.
Because I've made so many notebooks.
So I'd be happy to help you out. You know, with your notebook.
I may not like you, but that doesn't mean I don't get how you feel.
Oh, really? If you're gonna insist like that, then I think I might as well let you help me.
You really have no clue how to act cute, do you?
Well, what do you expect?
Why should I act all cute as if I were your real girlfriend?
When all is said and done, we're just actors!
You don't have to tell me!
C'mon, show me your notes for a bit.
I don't want to. Why do I have to show you?
C'mon, show me! I'll check them for you!
I don't want toHey!
Actors?
Why is my entry nothing but insults?
Shut up! Don't read a young girl's notes without permission!
C'mon, it wouldn't kill you to say something good about me!
Actors...
What are they talking about?
Onodera-san is this type of person
Onodera-san is this type of person
Why're they suddenly excited?
tweet tweet
roar
crooaaak
hoot
grrr
Oh... Onodera must be on her way.
pip pip
meeeoooww
peep
slitherrr
squee squee
meow
woof
grumble
*trumpet*
caw
ribbit
*flap flap*
What? Onodera-san?
This happens every time right before she shows up.
Hello, Ichijou-kun and Kirisaki-san!
I dropped by to give you a hand!
Long time no see, guys!
So they're letting you out today?
Your feelings for them really aren't mutual, huh?
No. But that's okay. Only because it's Onodera.
