Happily, painfully... You're shining.
Glittering, shimmering...
Is she analyzing the Gullfinger wavelength of the stars?
Hoshimi-sama, who usually doesn't say anything, spoke.
That in itself says volumes about the situation.
Indignation, compassion... Where are you going?
Abnormal behavior exhibited by the astronomer in charge of special duties was also observed five years ago,
prior to the disappearance of South America.
Various intelligence agencies within the city have also taken the serial bombings into consideration and are at full alert.
Since these events have occurred before the upcoming solar maximum,
one could say that the current situation may be the prelude to a tragic scenario.
As of 5 P.M. today, the Tokyo Metropolitan government has issued special security measures,
including the implementation of a night curfew, for residents living in certain areas of the city.
These measures are to ensure the safety of the city's residents in light of the recent terrorist attacks.
Areas subject to these...
Your sleeping face is cute.
I've been trying to get Yin to locate Amber, but I lost contact with her.
When I came here to check things out...
What's wrong?
Amber!
Hei!
Hop in. You're in a rush, aren't you?
Hoshimi-sama?
Although a gag order's in effect,
I wanted you to know, Misaki.
I sent you a list of the stars that were active during the explosions.
Were contractors involved?
Wasn't it a series of retaliatory attacks between intelligence agencies?
Information was leaked down to us.
I don't believe that people who make their living in the underworld would resort to such a conspicuous method.
Could it be...
Why did Amber take Yin?
I heard that you and her were on the same team in South America until she left the syndicate.
What happened between you two?
Stop the car.
You're going the wrong way!
Misaki...
What is it?
November... If anything happens... Police... Misaki's place...
What happened to him?
He didn't come back.
Do you know where he went?
I always know where my partners are.
Tell me along the way.
Partner?
Nice to meet you.
Good morning. Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Good night.
Thank you.
No need to rush. Take your time.
It wouldn't be my remuneration if the milk wasn't hot.
Sorry to interrupt your conversation,
but would you mind if I had a cigarette?
They're in my left suit pocket.
I'm not allowed to make physical contact with you.
You're an excellent contractor.
You were able to avoid the scorching heat by making a split-second decision.
I'd appreciate a smoke more than a compliment.
Did you know that cigarette smoke is more hazardous to those around the smoker?
The amount of the carcinogen dimethylnitrosamine present in direct smoke is between 5.3 and 43 nanograms,
while there are between 680...
I already know that.
I've always wanted to see what happens to a contractor who doesn't complete his remuneration.
Do they really melt like butter?
I'm kidding.
There was a vending machine on the street.
Nice to meet you.
Good morning.
What an admirable young man,
managing to study whenever you're not bombing buildings.
It gives me a strange feeling for some reason.
Amber taught me.
At first, I thought it was pointless.
You can't reach out to people with mere words since they're just enumerations of syllables,
but Amber said that wasn't true.
I'm studying every day because Amber told me to.
I'd do anything for Amber's sake.
I'd even destroy this city.
Anything.
You'll have to sit still for a while.
Those were orders from above.
I can't let you meet Amber.
Don't screw around with me!
Hey, Huang!
It's nothing personal.
It's not like I want to do this,
but it's partly your fault for constantly not listening to me.
I'll kill you if you get in my way.
You're the one who's going to die if you don't follow the syndicate's orders.
Don't make me do it.
Huang, don't!
Alley cats should shut the fuck up!
Don't do it, Hei!
Episode Sixteen
Memories of Betrayal
in an Amber Smile...
(Part Two)
Hey, can I ask you something?
Why would a contractor like you work for human beings?
We're the chosen ones.
They're afraid of us because they can't sign contracts,
which makes sense.
An existence with newly acquired powers has emerged.
An existence fit to establish a new world order.
Is that part of Amber's manifesto?
Amber wouldn't say something like that.
I was told that the tragedy that took place in South America had to be repeated in this city.
Why?
I don't know,
but it must be important since Amber was the one who said it.
You'd probably understand.
The reason for our group's conception and course of action.
We, the Evening Primrose, invite you.
Come with us.
What kind of benefits do I receive if I join your little club?
The future.
In your situation, you don't have much of a choice.
Decide rationally, November 11.
Oh, pardon me. I just remembered saying the same thing to a certain contractor.
What do you think he did?
He attacked me with everything he had,
even though he only had a slight chance to win.
I couldn't rationalize why a contractor like that would exist.
His train of thought and principles of life... The more I thought about it, the more I became confused.
How touching. Are you going to follow his example?
No, I take pride in being a contractor.
That's why I've come to a rational decision.
What's that?
I refuse.
Freeze! Don't move!
Slowly put your hands behind your head.
You're like a knight in shining armor, Misaki.
Who are they?
The ones responsible for the explosions.
I'm glad you're not hurt.
Your partner led me here.
Partner?
Yes, July-kun.
You'll definitely come to us.
You'll definitely seek us out.
Shining across the Milky Way... Yearning, yet distraught.
If that is what fate has decided, I will not hinder you.
Nobody will.
I couldn't make him join us.
I have to apologize.
Where is Amber?
I already told you. She's waiting for the final key.
Who could she be waiting for while leaving me behind?
Is it someone that important?
Maybe...
There's no need for you to know.
Tell me!
I'll tell her what happened.
Head to the second meeting point. Got it?
That was an order from Amber.
There was one time when he actually laughed from the bottom of his heart.
His sweet smile captivated me.
That's when I thought to myself,
You really did it this time.
I felt as if I could do anything for him.
I'd do anything to see that smile again...
I'm sure you feel the same way.
Me?
Yes.
Look after him, okay?
Li-san?
What happened to you?
Where are you going?
If you're going that way...
You must be the one called Hei.
Amber always talks about you.
Thank you.
It was the first time I was able to say it without thinking.
That's why I was happy,
but I'm not anymore.
This is what you would call jealousy, isn't it?
Amber always talks about you.
That's why I won't let you through.
I said I won't let you see her!
I forgot to tell you something.
Good boys shouldn't be up this late.
Get out of my way!
Go after the man who ran away.
That ability... He's the contractor you're looking for.
But...
I have to teach that mischievous boy a lesson.
Don't worry. July's by my side.
Hurry, Misaki.
Come on.
If you want to fight me that badly,
come and get me!
Prints.
They're everywhere.
I set traps on everything you're capable of freezing.
You won't be able to attack me.
Come and get me if you can.
You're supposed to be an excellent contractor, aren't you?
I don't need you, Hei, or Amagiri.
I'm the contractor best suited for Amber.
But...
Show me! Prove that you're stronger than I am!
We can do it.
See? I'm far better than he is.
You don't need anyone else, do you?
I'm the best, aren't I?
Isn't that right, Amber?
He'll be here soon.
See?
Are you hurt? Let me see!
You've grown, Hei.
I don't have any intention of forgiving a traitor.
Before I kill you, there's something I need to ask.
What happened during that incident?
Where did my sister go?
Don't you have anything to say before that?
Like it's been a while,
or you look as pretty as ever.
Answer me, Amber!
Do you want to see Pai?
Should I take you to her?
Where is she?
Somewhere far, yet really close.
Come with me, Hei.
If you do, I'll take you to her,
but the city lights might vanish.
What are you going to do, Hei?
Don't screw around with me.
Freeze!
No...
Move, Amber!
Hei, I've traveled very far,
even across the plane of time.
I wanted to see you ever since that day.
Always, always...
I've always wanted to see you.
See you later.
Let's go.
There's a limit on your remuneration, so use it wisely!
Wasn't that the right time to use it?
Star-sama, do not fear.
It is not yet time to radiate. Your time will come.
How did everything go?
I was able to split the enemy lines, at least.
All we need to do is wait.
Are you sure we need that man?
Yes, if we want the Evening Primrose to reach full bloom.
Maki should have arrived before I did.
No, he won't be coming.
I don't like that word because it makes me feel lonely,
but I have to say good-bye properly.
Amber...
What's this? Revenge on my behalf?
That's not funny.
Neither was your joke.
Huang, are you alive?
Yeah. It looks like I'm the one with nine lives.
Did he hold back?
A contractor like him, fucking around with me...
Suddenly, you realize that what was thought to be unattainable
is close at hand.
But it is a happiness not destined for you.
Serenity and trivial conversation.
Being both happy and sad over petty things,
crying over concerns not worth bothering with.
Too sullied to live in such a manner.
And then, you understand that those days will not go on.
Episode Seventeen A Love Song Sung from a Trash Heap... (Part One)
