Onode
Raku!
Hey, where are we supposed to take these journals?
Damn it! Right as I was about to talk to Onodera!
Didn't the teacher just tell us to take it to the prep room?
Oh, right! Thanks!
Oh, by the way, Chitoge!
It's the science prep room, got it?
Don't go to the music room by mistake again!
Roger that!
Jeez.
Her first name?
Oh, yeah.
Actually, the other day we figured we should start calling each other by our first names.
One of her friends mentioned to her how odd it was that we weren't on a first-name basis,
despite how long we've been dating.
Still not used to it, though.
Damn it, I hate having to flaunt my relationship in front of Onodera!
What a dilemma!
Shoot... She beat you to it, huh?
That hurt, Ruri-chan!
Why don't you just start calling him by his first name, too?
I could never do that!
Episode 11: Celebration
Episode 11: Celebration
Episode 11: Celebration
Hey, Ichijou Raku! Have you seen Mistress?
Oh, she was on her way to the science prep room.
I see. Well, that's convenient.
The truth is, there's something I wanted to talk about, but without letting her know.
Without letting her know?
Since everybody seems to be present, could you all spare a moment, please?
But Shuu's not here.
Everybody seems to be present.
Right...
You see, today is Mistress's birthday.
Thus, so that she may enjoy her special day,
I'm currently planning a surprise party for her.
I would very much like to invite you to the party.
If you were to attend, I'm sure that Mistress would be overjoyed.
Really? Of course we'll go!
That means we'll have to get her presents and stuff.
Well, I suppose if you absolutely insist,
being that you are Mistress's boyfriend and all...
I might be inclined to invite you.
Well, not that I'd even want to see your ugly mug.
What the hell? If I'm that revolting to you, then I won't bother!
It would be awkward, anyway, being the only guy.
No, come!
Make up your mind.
All right!
After school, you two go buy her a present together!
R-Ruri-chan!
Miyamoto, why aren't you coming?!
Hey, sorry. Actually, I've had a stomachache all day.
What?! You had two Lunch Special A's today!
Look, you'll be able to pick out a gift faster if you bounce ideas off each other!
Th-Then Miyamoto, you should
Forget about me, just go!
Okay, you two meet up by the cafe at five!
And show up in your normal clothes!
You're making us change?!
Even though you're not coming?
I'm so nervous.
Man, I can't believe how bossy Miyamoto always manages to be.
I can never figure out what's going through her mind.
I mean, meeting up with a girl here of all places?
That makes it look like we're on a date!
Wait, this is a date? Is it a date?!
If this is a date, thenputting aside that fake date
that would mean that my first date ever would be with Onodera!
No way! Picking out a present together, you can't call that a real date, can you?!
Damn it, I have no clue!
But...
Onodera's running pretty late.
Whoa! Is that Onodera?
Crap. Is she looking for me?
Come to think of it, I never said that I'd wait inside.
What should I do? Should I call her?
Oh, did she spot me?
A-All right, then, should we get on with figuring out what we're getting for Chitoge-chan?
I see. So she wants me to act like nothing happened?
Gotcha!
Man, Onodera's so cute!
I'd like coffee too!
Very well.
Doesn't matter how many times I see her, I'll never get over how cute she looks in her normal clothes.
I bet she saw me too!
I wonder what we look like to others?
Do they think she's my girlfriend?!
Girlfriend, huh?
Or are you planning to look for that boy you made that promise with ten years ago?
Yeah right! As if I could just casually ask her about that!
Hey...
What do you think she'd really like for her birthday?
Huh? Well, lemme think...
Come to think of it, I don't know when Onodera's birthday is.
If it hasn't passed yet, maybe then I could give her something.
Hey, Ono
All right! Let's go to all the shops and figure out what we'll get her!
I'm sure that'll be faster.
Oh, were you saying something?
No, nothing.
Oh, whatever. I'll have plenty of time to ask her.
Thank goodness we found something nice!
I wonder if Chitoge-chan will like it.
It was all over in the blink of an eye. I'm such a wuss!
Damn it! There were so many things I wanted to talk to her about!
But the whole time my heart felt like it was going to burst!
Did you have fun today, Ichijou-kun?
What?
You know, um...
Ruri-chan forced you to tag along with me today,
so I was wondering if you were just humoring me.
What? Don't be ridiculous!
Of course I wasn't!
I had a good time, okay?
I see. Thank goodness.
Hey, do you mind if we take a little detour?
Check out this view!
Who knew there was a place like this at the end of that narrow alley?
No way would anyone find it!
I found it by accident, years ago.
It's my secret place.
Secret place, huh?
Oh, crap, that makes me so happy!
But should she really be telling me about it, then?
Isn't it lovely?
By the way, who else knows about it?
I'm guessing that Miyamoto, and...
She doesn't know.
Because I never told her.
This is our little secret.
You can't tell anyone about it, okay?
What? You sure you want to share such an important secret with me?
Of course I'm sure.
I had a good time today too,
so this is kind of my way of thanking you.
For real? Our little secret?
What am I gonna do? I'm so happy!
Come to think of it, hasn't Onodera been a little aggressive today?
Our little secret has a great ring to it!
All right! I should respond to Onodera's feelings, so...
Gotcha!
I won't tell a soul! I promise!
Yup, it's a promise...
Raku-kun.
Oh, wow, calling you by your first name is so embarrassing.
It's so much easier to just call you Ichijou-kun.
For a moment there, I thought she was...
No, that was just me reacting to the word promise.
If Onodera really were her...
There's no way things could be that convenient.
Sorry, Ichijou-kun.
Did I really make you that uncomfortable by using your first name?
No, no, not at all!
H-Hey, Onodera. Can I ask you something?
C-Calm down now, Raku.
There's something I've wanted to know.
That's right.
Take advantage of the great mood right now,
and just ask her when her birthday is.
And then ask her if it's okay to take her out to celebrate.
But it might be too awkward if it were just the two of us.
Anyway, if I could celebrate Onodera's birthday with her...
About the girl I made that promise with ten years ago... Was that you, Onodera?
Wh-What did I just say?!
I was feeling so self-conscious that I just blurted it out!
How am I gonna play this down now?
If I spring a question like that on her out of nowhere,
there's no way she'd understand!
Yes, I am.
Onodera?
At least... I think I am.
You mentioned it before, didn't you, Ichijou-kun?
That there's someone you made a promise with ten years ago.
I have someone like that too.
Although my memory is fuzzy since it's from my childhood.
Ten years ago, the summer when I was five...
I became friends with a certain boy,
and I received this key when we parted ways.
I can't remember his face or his name anymore,
but the one thing I do remember is...
It seems to me that...
he was wearing the same kind of locket that you wear.
The same locket?
Do coincidences like that exist?
Doesn't that mean...
that Onodera was that girl?
I'm sorry. When you asked me before if I'd ever seen your locket,
I was so taken aback that I automatically denied it.
It was only that one summer that I played with him.
But back then I was very shy,
yet he took me outside.
Somehow, I felt I could trust him.
Now that I think of it, he might have been my...
first love, if you will.
That's why I was so surprised when I first saw your locket.
I thought that, just maybe, you were the same person, Ichijou-kun.
I see. So that's why Onodera said that back then.
Even if it was ten years ago, and you were just kids...
You never know! Maybe it's still important to her.
No, no. I don't think that's quite right.
Onodera?
What are...
you saying?
What are you doing, Ichijou Raku! Get over here!
Sorry, Onodera, let's pick this up again later.
Right, we'd better hurry!
If... If Onodera is the girl I made that promise with...
There's still no proof, however.
But...
If there was a simple way to just confirm it...
So this is Chitoge-chan's house?
It's enormous!
I know. What do Chitoge-chan's parents do for a living?
What am I gonna do? My present isn't all that great.
Mistress would never measure people by the price of their gifts.
What's up with that smug face?
By the way,
what are you doing here?
Oh, please! Seishirou-chan, don't be such a stranger!
Leave.
Oh, Chitoge-chan! Happy birthday!
Wh-Wh... Wh-What?
Wh-What are you all doing here?
As it is your birthday, I've taken the liberty of secretly inviting all your friends!
C-Come here a second, darling!
What do you want?
What should I do? I haven't told anybody that my family is a bunch of gangsters!
Huh? You still freak out over that?
What do you mean, over that?
Because of that, I never had any real friends, remember?
Of course I'm freaking out!
Hey, you guys! Wouldn't you know, this girl's family is...
Gangsters?
Kinda like the yakuza in Japan.
I knew it! Chitoge-chan, you're a total rich girl!
That's amazing.
Because that makes you the same as Ichijou-kun, right?
Huh? What's the matter?
See? No problem!
All right, this is where we'll be holding the party.
Happy birthday, Mistress!
A very happy birthday to you!
Hey, so you turned sixteen today, eh, Mistress?
This kind of surprise never gets old, does it?
Hey! Are those your friends with you?
This the first time you've ever brought friends home, isn't it?
Hey, young ladies, nice to meet you!
Oh, uh, yes, it's so nice to meet you!
Huh? You don't seem like your usual self today, Mistress.
Like you're oddly happy!
Not really.
Well, well, I see that your friends have come to the party as well.
Oh, yes! Thank you for having us.
My, my! Is that Master Raku from the Ichijou clan?
That certainly puts me on the spot.
After all, I'm sure that you have the most splendid gift for Mistress.
I'm starting to have reservations about presenting her my own gift.
I swear he's becoming more obvious with each passing second.
Here you go, Chitoge-chan!
This is for you. It's a stationery set!
I got you a book.
It's not that great, but...
That's not true! I'm so happy! Really!
Mistress! Mistress!
Please take a look at our gift to you!
Ta-da! One thousand Japanese folk CDs and a year's supply of bananas!
We heard you like them!
Chitoge-chan, you like Japanese folk songs?
Well, yeah.
All right, I'm next.
I'm sure that it will pale in comparison to yours, Young Master.
Please accept this, Mistress!
A super-luxury, custom-ordered, Maybach!
Whoa! Awesome!
Well, I don't have a license, so no thanks.
Come on, come on, you, too! Young Master!
You better make a splash!
Go for it! Go for it! Go for it!
Damn it, could you make it any harder to hand someone a present?
Here you go. Happy birthday!
Hey, little punk, is this what I think it is?
You wouldn't be saying that Mistress is a gorilla, would you?
Huh? No way! I was trying to be serious!
When I saw it in the store, I thought it was perfect!
Thanks. I love it!
You okay with something like that, Mistress?
Well, if Mistress is okay with it, we're okay with it.
Mistress! Why?
What the hell?
You can smile like that too?
What, so you were here?
Yeah, I'm taking a break.
Oh? Me, too.
Still, I have to say, your taste in presents really sucks.
I almost burst out laughing!
What the hell? So you put on an act after all.
If you don't like it, you can just toss it, okay?
Moron!
We're a couple, remember?
If I don't cherish it, then people will start to suspect us.
So I'm going to cherish it. Because I have no choice, okay?
Don't tell me you actually really like it deep down!
Not a chance, you moron!
Oh, yeah?
You're going to cherish it, huh?
Damn it, you had me fooled with how sweetly you said it.
My heart even skipped a beat just now.
Wait, why is my heart skipping a beat for her?
I just found out Onodera could possibly be my promise girl!
It's not a stretch to say that I've met the girl I'm destined to be with!
Hey, Raku, got a sec?
There's something that I've been wanting to ask you for the longest time.
Mind if I ask?
Why are you being so formal now?
The girl that you said you met ten years ago... Are you still in love with her?
You're still going on about that?
I told you, that's not what she and I were like
No, wait!
The girl from ten years ago...
I haven't necessarily confirmed anything,
but what I found out means that it has to be Onodera, right?
If that's the case...
Yeah, I am.
You are?
Then, do the words,
Zawsze in love,
ring a bell?
What?
