Oh, it's a shooting star!
Onii-chan, I saw another shooting star!
You should make a wish next time.
A wish?
Yeah. A shooting star is the light that escapes whenever God opens the lid to the sky.
If you make a wish when you see one, God will listen to it.
Really? I have a lot of wishes!
I want to become a nurse and go to outer space!
There's no point in telling your Onii-chan.
You have to tell the star what your wish is.
Oh, I see.
Um... Star-sama, Star-sama...
Oh, I saw one!
Hey!
Turn it off already!
Okay.
Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for the disturbance!
Apologize to them, too!
I-I'm sorry.
You can finish this later. Let's go!
Okay.
Let us continue.
Upon analysis of the data obtained from the recording,
the location of the Lancernopt synchrotron radiation, believed to have been emitted by the meteor fragment,
is definitely 3-17 Sotokanda, Chiyoda Ward.
What is it?
You can see it, can't you?
What are you talking about?
Don't act like you don't know!
I've seen people like this before...
People who lost their composure after being forced to see an illusion against their will.
Please don't handle this by yourself.
You can get it off your mind if you talk about it.
Why?
That isn't part of your job, is it?
It'll be inconvenient for me if you go into a mental lapse now.
I realized my dreams when I came here, but I might be excused without being able to contribute any research.
So...
Don't worry.
The syndicate won't dispose of you.
Are you sure?
I don't think it's that simple.
The syndicate doesn't expect anything out of you.
Hurry up and leave before somebody sees us.
Excuse me.
I made a mistake.
Yes...
What's going on?
Oh, it's you.
Just cleaning up, as you can see.
Why the sudden change?
The synchrotron radiation confirmed during the search the other day
was determined to have originated from a precious, gate-proprietary material.
Unfortunately, I was appointed as a member of the retrieval team.
The area has been under strict restrictions ever since the accident occurred to the reconnaissance team.
I have no idea how it moved to its current location.
By the way, you're just in time.
I was thinking about giving it to you.
Do you want it?
Yes.
Great. That's one less thing for me to worry about.
Attention, all members of the Building No. 18 reconnaissance team,
please proceed to Gate Seven in Sector Six.
Duty calls.
Oh, sorry, but can I ask you to clean this place later?
Okay.
If I return safely, let's gaze at the stars again.
Yes, definitely.
May I sit here?
Yes, be my guest.
Is something wrong?
No hard feelings.
It was your fault for giving her the cold shoulder.
Um, what are you talking about?
You don't have to act so shy.
Right?
The upturned shoes placed next to Corinna's body... your contract payment?
What are you trying to do?
Did you obtain any information from Kikuchi?
I remembered he was the first one to discover the body.
I'm doing what I can...
I told you not to act on your own!
He's not a threat, though. He's only...
He isn't dangerous, but the person supervising him is.
Didn't you realize that?
You're here because you wanted to realize your dreams, right?
If that's true, don't think about anything else.
I haven't done what you think I did.
I only had a little talk.
Emergency! Attention! All Building No. 18 analysis members, please return to your designated research areas.
I repeat, this is an emergency.
Get out of the way!
What happened?
This is the feed we just received from the reconnaissance team.
Someone, send reinforcements!
Chief, there's something strange about this picture.
The letters are backwards.
I-I don't know what's going on...
Stop it right there.
Rewind.
Right there. Zoom in.
What is... this?
What the hell happened?
Episode Twelve When One Takes Back What Was Lost Within the Wall... (Part Two)
You're not going to conduct another search?
What are you going to do about the meteor fragment?
Nick wasn't able to retrieve it.
As the supervisor of the team, I cannot afford to lose any more of our researchers.
Boss...
Did you retrieve the meteor fragment?
About that...
I'm sure you already know, but this is your last chance.
I can no longer persuade the chief executives, even with my level of influence.
Nick-san.
Hey.
Are you feeling better already?
More or less.
It must have been tough.
I've decided to quit this job.
The chief has already negotiated with PANDORA headquarters.
What are you going to do after you leave?
It's earlier than I had anticipated, but I'm thinking about returning to NASA.
It's only one-fifth of its original size during its prime, but it still technically exists.
The promise of gazing at the stars will have to wait until after I leave this place.
When the time comes, please invite your sister.
Yeah, sure.
Ever since we first met, I never thought of you as a stranger.
It felt like I was seeing a different part of myself.
I'm glad we met.
Is something wrong, Mina?
Why did you resort to such a conspicuous method?
I don't understand...
Why was Nick the only one who made it back alive?
I checked all of the video tapes since that time,
but he doesn't show up at all.
Nick's absent in all of them.
In addition, everyone's shoes were turned over.
This incident wasn't caused by the gate.
It's probably...
his doing.
Yes.
How long have you two been working together?
Did you ever think he was a contractor?
Never.
After meeting you, I'm not so sure anymore.
You're nicer than the others,
so I don't want you to get hurt.
I don't know why I'm acting this way or saying these things.
I never had any other interests aside from research.
Ever since I met you, I...
That's as far as you go.
Is that where the meteor fragment is?
Slowly move backwards and put your hands against the locker.
Damn!
Li-kun!
Why are you here?
You witnessed what I did.
It's only natural to be suspicious,
but I want you to trust me.
This is the meteor fragment.
I was hired by the CIA.
I was ordered to retrieve the material within the gate in exchange for a position in NASA.
I'm not fond of the management here.
Research data is sent to the upper divisions and never disclosed with others.
I don't even know what the other teams are researching.
At this rate, I'll never realize my dreams.
I won't be able to retrieve the real sky or take my sister out to space.
It sounds eccentric, doesn't it?
Unfortunately, it's the truth.
I wanted you to believe in my dreams.
A long time ago, I saw the same thing.
Contractors, who became so proficient that they were unable to control their abilities, started killing each other.
Everything you've said up to now was a lie.
This won't bring the real starry sky back.
The dreams you talked about, your sister, everything...
After all, contractors aren't able to dream.
Who are you?
Why doesn't my ability have any effect?
We even have the same abilities.
You and I are nearly identical.
Contractors do not dream...
True, I may have had those thoughts.
That's why I trusted you.
I thought you'd be able to understand my dreams.
In the end, I was the one stupid enough to have trusted you.
Out of everyone, I didn't want to drag you into this.
It can't be...
Li-kun, the stars!
You believed in me after all.
I can't hear you.
Yin...
Go to Gate Eleven in Research Building Three, Hei.
Arrangements have been made for your departure.
You knew about everything, didn't you?
You even knew Nick was the culprit.
Yes, I knew.
In that case, why didn't you take care of him earlier?
I had to see it with my own eyes... the power of the meteor fragment.
What's to become of her?
Her daily life won't change.
She found what she had lost and completed her remuneration.
That's it.
Even Huang said you should rest for a while.
Say...
Do you think the real starry sky will return someday?
You can only retrieve what you lost inside the gate.
Then again, that's probably a rumor, too.
Oh, it's that black cat again!
Shit!
Wait, you stupid cat!
Thanks.
The glow of the moon displays a distant past,
the warmth of youthful days.
That happy feeling in my memories is an intangible mirage.
The melodies resonate against the dull, grey eyes,
but there is no soul to receive them.
Everything has disappeared with the moonlight.
Episode Thirteen A Heart Unswaying on the Water's Surface... (Part One)
Your soul begins to wander.
