Wow, who's that?
His face is so pretty.
Is that a girl?
No, you moron. He's in a guy's uniform.
I've never seen him around here before.
He doesn't go to our school, does he?
That's not our uniform. Unless, he's a...
A transfer student?
There's a new transfer student today?
Well, so I heard.
But it seems a bit too sudden to me.
Apparently the teachers just never told us about it.
And I hear it's a guy.
Not only that, but people are saying he's a real pretty boy!
Talk about stealing the spotlight!
Okay, everyone, I know it's a bit sudden, but we have a new student joining us today.
Come on in, Tsugumi-san.
Okay.
Pleased to make your acquaintance, everyone. I am Tsugumi Seishirou.
I look forward to my time here.
Oh my gosh! He's so hot!
He's like a model!
What a cute little face!
Just pick an open seat.
Okay.
Huh? Did he just snicker at me?
Tsugumi?
Mistress!
It's been so long, Mistress!
H-Hey wait! What are you doing?! Are you crazy? Everybody's watching!
Oh, Mistress! I've waited so long for this moment.
Episode 7: Rival
Episode 7: Rival
Episode 7: Rival
I apologize for my abrupt appearance.
Claude-sama has ordered that I guard you while broadening my own knowledge.
Fair enough, but...
That aside, what's with your uniform?
Oh, this?
As much as I tried, I was unable to acquire a uniform for this school. This was all I had.
Honestly though, I wonder why he's dressed like that?
Didn't you hear him? He couldn't get the right uniform.
Oh, that's not what I meant.
Oh, I see! So that's how it is!
Well, of course he couldn't! Oh well!
What's with you? You're creeping me out.
By the way...
I've heard that you picked up quite a handsome boyfriend for yourself.
I must request that you introduce me to him, if you would.
Uh, right, yeah. H-Hey, you over here!
This guy! He's my new boyfriend!
Uh, nice to meet you.
I've heard so much about you!
But to see you in person now, I can be certain that you truly are as reliable as they say.
It's clear now that the Bee Hive gang is in good hands.
Thanks.
What's this? I imagined a gangster like him would be nothing but bad news.
But he seems to be a pretty friendly guy.
Excuse me.
Allow me introduce myself more personally.
I'm Tsugumi Seishirou.
Since Mistress and I are so close in age,
we often played with each other as children, essentially growing up together.
Lately though, we haven't had any opportunity to see each other.
Thus, I've been worrying about her quite frequently.
What? This gorilla woman?
Gorilla?
No, no. He's just joking around!
Wait a minute, she told me she's never had any friends or boyfriends,
but there's one right here.
He counts, right?
Okay, open wide and say, Ah!
That's enough! I told you, you don't need to feed me!
Oh, there's no harm in it, Mistress!
I remember when we used to eat like this all the time.
But we were just kids back then!
What am I watching?
You can't keep acting like this, Tsugumi!
How long are you going to keep it up?!
Here! It's your favorite, Assam tea!
Huh? Oh, thank you.
Hey, enough already!
Mistress, you've grown up to be more magnificent than ever before.
What's with this guy?
Oh hey, doing all right there, Ichijou-kun?
That's a nice-looking rival you've got over there.
Ugh, you need to cut it out!
Stop being so clingy!
What? Don't you think that's a bit harsh, Mistress?
And to think there was a time when we would even bathe together!
Okay, that's it! I'm going to the bathroom for a minute!
Don't you dare follow me!
Take your time.
Ichijou-san.
Would you mind if we spoke in private for a moment?
Why do we have to talk on the roof?
Well, there is one thing that I would like you to clear up for me.
It concerns our Mistress. Do you truly love her with all your heart?
Damn straight I do!
That was close! I almost denied it.
Is that so?
How much do you love her?
Well, I love her more than words can describe, of course!
Is that true?
Yeah, you bet!
Would you go so far as to give your life for my Mistress?
Of course! I'd give my life in a heartbeat!
Ah, I see. That puts my mind at ease.
In that case, would you die for her right now?
Wait, no! Hold on a...
Ouch!
Wh-What have I gotten myself into?
How disappointing.
I heard that Mistress had fallen for you,
but meeting you in person makes it clear that your attention span is that of a flea.
You're far too slow, and even completely defenseless.
How could you expect to protect Mistress?
You have made it clear.
I was right to think that you have deceived Mistress,
and that she is bound by spurious love!
Spit it out! What's your goal here?
You want our turf?
Or do you plan to take over our whole organization?
Th-This guy...
I take back everything!
This guy's more bad news than I thought!
It makes no sense.
Why would Mistress fall for someone like you?
Even if she'd been deceived,
there's not a single thing she would find attractive in you!
You're spineless!
Insignificant!
And seriously, there's no way you could ever love her more than I do!
Wait, what's he going on about now?
Oh, it doesn't matter now.
For a worthless gnat like you,
I needn't concern myself with whatever schemes you may have.
I'll do this fair and square.
I will release my Mistress from your evil grasp.
We'll see soon enough...
which of us is more suited to remain by Mistress's side!
Yeah, that's exactly what I want.
It's not as though I enjoy being with her anyway.
Wait, no. Actually...
Losing her'd be a disaster!
Kirisaki and I'd both have hell to pay if that happened.
So you were fooling her, you punk!
This means war!
Hey, don't you run off yet!
You've got some nerve talking to me like that.
You wanna know which one of us she belongs with?
The two of us are truly in love! I'd never let anyone take her from me!
Wh-What's happening out there?
No, wait. I sort of see what's going on.
Damn it! I just said something incredibly embarrassing without thinking!
In love, you say?
You think you're the one she belongs with, do you?
Hey! Would the two of you stop this nonsense!
Come on guys, what kind of silliness is this?
Tsugumi! Darling!
You two have to get along, okay?
Mistress, please stay out of our way.
With all due respect, Mistress, I cannot...
accept that this man is your partner!
Mistress, do you remember?
The promise we made ten years ago?
Promise? Ten years ago?
After that day, I decided to become stronger
in order to be able to protect you with my own hands.
All these years, I've been subjecting myself to a rigorous training regimen,
honing my skills to become more powerful for your sake!
I pushed myself until I shed blood!
But all for what?!
Why is the man who is meant to be protecting you
such a spineless, flimsy, pathetic bean sprout?
I cannot allow this!
My Mistress is the heiress to the magnificent Bee Hive organization!
If you think that you have what it takes to protect her,
you'll need to prove it before I'll acknowledge you!
Ichijou Raku!
We'll battle for Mistress!
I challenge you to a duel!
When you prove you have what it takes to defeat me, then I will acknowledge you as worthy of her.
However, if it is I who defeats you,
I will show you horrors worse than hell, and then... I'll kill you!
No, no, hold on a moment! Can we just talk this over?
He's right, Tsugumi. You need to chill out a bit.
After school, on the schoolyard.
Be there, or I'll come kill you.
Wh-What now?
Oh, for Pete's sake!
I was hoping things wouldn't turn out like this!
Wait, you knew Tsugumi was going to do this?
Of course I knew! Wasn't it obvious?
I bet it was Claude who set all this up.
Tsugumi was adopted by Claude as a child...
and was put through specialized training and placed into elite classes for prodigies,
all to become a top-class hitman.
Hitman?
You know, a few years ago some thugs tried to hit on me,
and Tsugumi tore them and their whole organization to shreds! That's how talented this kid is!
Singlehandedly, of course.
The whole organization, you say?
I-I never heard anything about this!
Isn't there some way explain the situation, so that Tsugumi'll back off?
That's not happening.
Once Tsugumi gets going, it's too late.
What do you suggest we do then?
This whole city will go to hell if I lose.
That's not my fault!
You're the one who went and pissed Tsugumi off!
You reap what you sow!
You really are a moron!
That guy, though...
He wanted to protect Kirisaki,
so he stuck with his training to become stronger.
For ten years, even.
And it's not as though Kirisaki dislikes him.
Maybe deep down inside, Kirisaki wants him to win.
You'd better not lose.
I-It's not like I care about what happens to you or anything, though.
But it'll probably be a disaster for everyone if this doesn't work out.
There's a lot at stake here, so I won't forgive you if you mess this up.
Wow, you are so not cute...
at all, you know?
Sorry, what did you just say?
Uh, nothing.
Man, I guess I have to do this.
Might as well muster up some fighting spirit, I guess.
I commend you for actually showing your face.
Well, you know, this is my chance to show my honey how courageous I can be!
But that aside, can I ask you something first?
Oh my gosh! Tsugumi-kun!
Where'd this crowd come from?
I had nothing to do with this.
All right everybody, place your bets!
One meal ticket per wager! We're running out of time!
I'll put three on Tsugumi-kun!
I'm throwing down ten!
Our duel begins the moment this coin hits the ground.
Prepare yourself.
It's too late to back down now.
This is the first fistfight I've ever been in, but still...
I'll give it my best shot
As if I'll even get to use my fists!
Hey, are those real?
No way!
What an idiot! He expected Tsugumi to fight unarmed!
Don't lose, bean sprout.
Why are you running? Face me like a man!
I'm going to die! I'm really going to die!
I don't stand a chance in a fight like this!
Where's your manhood?!
As I suspected, there's no way you could ever protect Mistress!
Only I can protect her!
Get over yourself! All you do is go on about protecting her!
Aren't you the one who doesn't know a thing about her?
What did you say?
She isn't at all the type to just sit and watch while someone else protects her!
You're the one lacking in manhood!
You call yourself a man? Then you should be there to watch over her!
How dare you question my manhood! I'll kill you!
That's all you're mad about?!
God damn you! I hate you more every time you speak! How dare you...
Damn it, I can't get anywhere with him!
I'll just have to take my chances!
You'll never escape me!
No way...
Time to cool off a bit!
They just jumped into the pool from the third floor!
Are they okay?!
Let's go check!
Yeah!
I can't believe that actually worked.
That was so scary! I thought I was about to die!
This is hopeless. He's out like a light.
But now what am I supposed to do?
When he wakes up, it'll be the same thing all over again.
But first things first. I'm gonna catch a cold if I don't get changed soon.
Jeez. I'd feel bad just leaving him out if he caught a cold.
What a drag. Why do I have to undress another dude?
Whoa!
You villain! What do you think you're doing?!
Hey now, I was just...
A-A girl?
But he wears a guy's uniform!
And his name is Seishirou!
Hey, Raku!
Crap! There's people!
This can't end well.
If people see you like this...
Here, quick! Clothes! Your clothes!
Stay away from me, you fiend!
Darling?
Huh? I could have sworn I heard people in here.
Where could he have gone?
We've looked everywhere in here now, haven't we?
What do you think you're doing?
Hey, I had no choice,
not with everyone just outside.
Yes, I understand that,
but why do I have to be stuck here with you?
I'm sorry! I'm seriously sorry!
Kirisaki-san! There's no one in the girls' locker room, either!
But why did you want us to check in there, anyway?
Why else? Because Tsugumi's a girl, of course.
What?!
What?!
So you really are a girl?
You thought I was a boy too?
I've never understood why, but people have continuously mistook me for a boy my entire life.
For goodness sake, I just don't get it.
Now, hold up! You wear a guy's uniform! Why?!
It's easier to move around in, why else?
If I wore something as frilly as that girls' uniform,
it'd hinder my reaction time.
Well I'm sorry, but if I'd known you were a girl, this would never have happened.
Just forget about it.
I wouldn't want Mistress to see me in such a shameful condition anyway.
I'm pathetic. I can't believe I lost to the likes of you.
Why did I think that I could protect Mistress?
How will I ever show my face to Mistress again, after being reduced to such a state?
Wow, this girl...
Talk about a 180-degree turn!
Wait, she's a girl.
This situation could be pretty dangerous!
It's so dark in here, and we're so close that I can hear her breathing.
It feels like something soft is pressing against my body too.
Wow, if I really look, her curves are actually pretty feminine!
It's getting me all flustered now! I need to calm down!
I know! I'll just think about Onodera.
Onodera, Onodera, Onodera, Onodera, Onodera, Onodera, Onodera, Onodera, Ono...
No, Raku!
Hey wait, your name... Seishirou.
Is that an alias?
How rude! It's my real name!
I was abandoned at birth, you see.
The man who adopted me gave me that name.
Somehow, he thought that I was a boy.
Consulting a name dictionary, he picked one completely at random for me.
Seishirou!
That Four Eyes...
Furthermore, as unbelievable as it sounds,
Why are you being so shy?
Are you a moron!?
even after raising me for ten years, he still doesn't realize that I'm a girl.
Ten years?
Not that it makes a difference to me.
In order to fulfill my mission to protect Mistress,
I've long since given up on being a girl.
Is that so?
Yes. I gave up on being a girl,
and became strong enough to confidently face any man. But I guess I was wrong.
If I can't protect Mistress, then what am I good for?
Well, you know, that's a shame, because you're actually pretty cute.
What?
Don't be ridiculous! How can you say that I'm cute?
No one's ever said that to me...
until today.
Mistress...
What in God's name do you think you're doing, you pig insect?
That makes sense. So that's what happened.
You also thought that Tsugumi was a boy, huh?
So,
how did your duel turn out?
Uh...
Understand this, Ichijou Raku!
I haven't lost to you just yet, you got that?
Huh?
You still haven't proved that you have what it takes to protect my Mistress,
and that was the whole point of the duel!
So that outcome's invalid!
I'll worry about how to deal with you later,
but if I determine that you're not good enough for her, you'll be staring down a barrel again!
So keep that in mind and give her your best!
Is that right? Whatever you say.
Hey, Raku!
Kyouko-chan said you have to put in a letter of apology,
for using the pool without permission.
Sorry, honey, I'll be back in a minute.
Sure thing.
To be honest, he completely defeated me.
He said something to me.
He said that you're not the type to just sit and watch while somebody else protected you.
He said that?
Even with everybody worrying about you,
you've always been able to take care of yourself.
You also were always the kid who'd come home with a big smile covered in dirt.
Trusting in you as I watch over you...
That's a different type of strength, isn't it?
But you know, I still wonder why everyone seems to mistake me for a guy.
I wonder that myself.
I know!
Uh, hey, Mistress...
What was the point of this again?
Why are you making me wear this?
Wow! I knew that'd look good on you!
You look so adorable, Tsugumi!
I-I am most certainly not cute!
There you go again.
You're a girl, Tsugumi, so you gotta dress like one!
I have no need for that.
I'm only here to protect you,
and to fulfill the promise we made together!
Sorry, Tsugumi! Remind me what that promise was about?
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember it at all.
Ah, I thought you might have forgotten about it.
I don't blame you.
It was the day that we met, became friends,
and bathed together for the first time.
I said...
One day, I'll become the kind of person who can protect you, Mistress!
Oh, good luck!
Th-That's even more off-hand than I imagined!
Seriously? You've been living for a promise like that this whole time?
That was a very important moment for me, you know?
Well, to be honest, I'm relieved.
But can you blame me for not remembering?
I mean, it's amazing that you could remember something from that long ago.
Mistress, you
Oh, that reminds me.
Tsugumi, this is for you.
With this, nobody could mistake you for a boy, right?
M-Mistress, I'm truly grateful for your kindness,
but something this feminine could never suit me.
Huh?
Hey, what's with the ribbon?
Looks great on you! It's cute.
I know, right?
No it's not!
Come to think of it, Mistress just now...
Don't tell me, the promise she made ten years ago with her first love...
Has she forgotten that as well?
