Does the phrase, Zawsze in love ring a bell?
Wait, how do you know about that?
So you have,
haven't you?
What's going on here?
I mean, those are the same words from when that girl and I made our promise.
The other day, I found my old diary, and it made me remember all kinds of things.
Ten years ago, I met a certain boy,
and we played together all summer long, becoming close friends.
And when it came time to part ways,
I made some kind of promise with him.
But that's exactly like my own memory.
No, it's the same as Onodera's...
I don't remember his name or what he looked like anymore,
but what I do remember are those words.
Oh, and another thing This was stuck inside my diary.
That key!
You recognize it?
Uh, no...
I admit that it did seem familiar at first glance.
But it can't be...
Onodera is supposed to be the girl.
But Chitoge's got a key too,
and she knows that phrase!
I made a promise with the girl that I met all those years ago.
That we would open up this locket together when we were reunited.
So if she still remembers our promise, then she'd have the key for sure.
Are you saying my key's...
Episode 12: Confirmation
Episode 12: Confirmation
Episode 12: Confirmation
There's no way that could be true, right?
I know, right? No chance in hell!
Yeah! And besides, I don't recall ever meeting you in my life!
And you're totally different from the girl I have in mind!
Yup. It's clearly impossible.
This is just one big coincidence.
After all, you're nothing like the boy I wrote about in my diary!
Unlike you, the boy in my diary was sweet, and so handsome!
You wouldn't believe how attractive he was!
Oh, is that right?
Well, unlike you, the girl I'm thinking about is cute, feminine, and flawless!
Oh, yeah? Well, it goes without saying,
but why would I be so torn up over leaving you that I'd make some weird promise?
How ludicrous!
Right back at you! Why would someone ever fall for you?
You wanna try opening it, just to make sure?
If your key's the real deal, then my locket will open, right?
If it doesn't, then you and I have no connection.
Well, not that it's gonna open, anyway!
I don't see a problem with it.
It's not like you're that boy.
Unlike you, he's like a prince.
He can do anything, and he always comes to save me!
Oh, yeah? You sure talk big, don't you?
Okay, if it does turn out that we made a promise, what'll you do?
If it is you, I'll do anything you want!
I'll even kiss you! You name it!
B-Bring it on, then! I'll do whatever you say!
Because there's no way you're him!
S-Sure! All right then, ready when you are!
It's not gonna open, no way it's gonna open!
There's no way she's that girl.
Just watch me! You'll see soon enough!
There's just no chance that it's you!
Here I go! Are you ready?
Well hey, I know it's impossible, but if you insist, I have no choice.
Right, show me the money!
Just leave it to me! I'll make it clear to you in a second!
It's a fact that you and I don't have a thing to do with each other!
All right, that's the spirit! Come on! Just do it!
Don't worry, you'll be laughing out of the other side of your mouth soon enough!
Just the notion that you and I were friends years ago is ridiculous enough.
Hurry up and do it!
Here goes.
It's in!
I-It snapped in two!
What were you thinking, using your brute strength to turn it!?
Hey! I couldn't help it!
I was so nervous I twisted it too hard!
Oh man, what am I gonna do now?
Now it's stuck inside! Look!
I don't care! Don't look at me! It's not my problem!
What the hell? Now I can't try Onodera's key!
My locket!
Well, it's no big deal.
There's no way you and I ever made a promise, anyway.
All right, end of story!
Hey! Don't run away! Where do you think you're going?
To where everybody else is.
What the hell? How can she just shrug it off?
But if it had opened,
what do you think we would've done?
Damn it! Now both Onodera and Kirisaki are talking about ten-year-old promises and keys.
No way this is just a coincidence.
Does this mean that one of them is the girl I made that promise with after all?
In other words, I met one of them all those years ago?
If I could just figure out who I met, then I'll know who the girl is.
Which one is it?
Ah, long time no see, Raku-kun.
Did you come to celebrate her birthday?
Thank you very much.
Who is this old guy again?
I know him from somewhere.
Oh, hey! He's the gangster boss from the other day!
Kirisaki's old man.
Good evening.
Now, then.
Are you getting along with my daughter? Sorry about your predicament.
We suddenly forced you to take on the serious task of pretending to be her boyfriend.
No... Well...
Since we've come to Japan, she seems to be enjoying herself every day.
I'm sure it's thanks to you. I truly appreciate it.
Does she really?
Wait, she did say that she never had any friends when she lived in America.
No, I don't really think I've done that much.
Well, you two do have good chemistry.
I was sure you'd get along just fine.
Chemistry? We don't have any!
Whenever we're together, we do nothing but fight!
I'm sure that's not the case.
You two played together so much as kids, after all.
What?
As kids?
Wait, what do you mean?
Oh, I don't blame you for not remembering.
It was ten years ago.
Back then, your father and I were engaged in talks for almost a month in a certain part of Japan.
Chitoge was five at the time, so I had brought her along.
It wasn't until we were about to wind down our talks
that we realized how close you two had become.
You two seemed to be having so much fun together.
That's why it still lingers in my mind.
Kirisaki and I met each other ten years ago!
No way!
Then that means...
The girl I made that promise with was Kirisaki,
and Onodera must've mistaken me for someone else.
The world works in mysterious ways, doesn't it?
What?
Who knew that it wouldn't just be you two,
but her as well?
To think that you all would be reunited at this age.
Her?
You know, the one you came with today.
I'm talking about her.
Back then, the three of you would play together often.
What?! Are you serious?
What the hell?
Could this be destiny too, I wonder?
I see!
All those years ago, it wasn't that I met one or the other...
Really, Chitoge-chan!
This party is for you! Where have you been?
Sorry!
Come to think of it, I haven't seen Ichijou-kun around, either.
Huh? Oh, b-beats me!
Knowing him, he probably lost his way somewhere in the house.
So I met both of them when we were kids!
Ten years ago, in the same place...
In other words, it's not one or the other who I made a promise with,
it's both.
Both Kirisaki and Onodera...
Never in my wildest dreams would I have imagined that.
There's just one thing...
Why are there two keys?
They both said that they'd made a promise with someone ten years ago.
But the person I made my promise with,
was just one girl and no one else.
When we reunite,
let's get married
All right, Raku-kun, you have yourself a good time.
Okay.
So, which one is it?
Supposing it's Onodera...
If it turns out to be Onodera, that'd be like fate!
Ichijou Kosaki has a nice ring to it!
Hey, what am I thinking? Am I an idiot?
Okay, then supposing it's Kirisaki...
Huh? What would I do, then?
Until today, it never occurred to me that Kirisaki might be the girl!
You can't just suddenly break that to me and expect me to accept it!
What am I thinking? Even if Kirisaki does turn out to be that girl,
it was just something we did when we were kids, right?
Right now, my eyes are for Onodera only.
Nothing can change that.
Nothing can change that.
Yo, Uncle!
Well? Do you think you can fix that item I gave you?
Oh, is that you, Shuu-kun? This one's going to be tougher to fix than I thought.
It's kind of a rare type.
I can handle it, more or less, but it's going to take a while.
I see. Well, I'm counting on you, all right?
So? You're gonna get me that photo collection, aren't you?
It's a limited edition, and autographed! A fine piece, good sir!
All right! Now you've really got me fired up!
And that's how it is. So rest easy.
I see.
What a relief. It looks like my locket's going to be okay.
Well? What's the story behind the locket?
How about coming clean about it now?
Sorry. I'll tell you all about it another time.
Oh, hi.
Good morning, Raku.
Hey. Morning.
Oh, right.
You know how we busted your key and my locket yesterday? Looks like they're going to be fixed.
Shuu's uncle is a locksmith, see.
Oh? Is that right? All's well that ends well.
What the hell?
After yesterday's fiasco, you're going to act like nothing happened?
Even though you went as far to say that you'd kiss me!
It's Four Eyes again! I guess that makes today another surveillance day, huh.
All right, let's pour our souls into this lovers' act today!
Come on, honey!
Eep!
Eep?
H-Hey! Why's your face all red?
It is not! Would you mind not making things up?
Get a hold of yourself. Four Eyes is watching us, you know.
You don't have to tell me! Lovers, right?
Morning, Kirisaki-san and Ichijou-kun!
Not gonna wait till night to turn up the heat, huh?
I know, right? Right?
What can I say? We're just that head-over-heels for each other!
We sure are!
What do you think you're doing?
Sh-Shut up, will you? Just leave me alone, all right?
Huh? What's her problem?
Wh-What's wrong with me?
Stay calm, stay calm.
Ichijou-kun.
Onodera?
Don't you think Chitoge-chan was acting a little odd earlier?
You think so too, Onodera?
There's something weird about her today.
Did you two have an argument?
No, not quite.
Could it be that she's feeling self-conscious about possibly being the girl I made the promise with?
Nah, no way, right?
Huh? Ichijou-kun, where's your locket?
Oh, that.
Actually, I had to send it in for repairs this morning.
I'm sure I'll get it back soon, though.
Oh, I see.
Onodera.
If you find out that we met before, years ago,
what kind of expression will you make?
Oh crap! My heart's pounding just thinking about it!
Well, I am worried about Chitoge, but she should be all right.
I bet she was just feeling under the weather.
I'll be sure to keep a close eye on her.
You will? Then I guess it should be fine.
Chitoge-chan said that she and Ichijou-kun were only pretending to be dating.
But I wonder how Ichijou-kun truly feels.
All right, class, listen up!
The photos from the field trip have been developed,
and they've been posted on the bulletin board,
so write down the number of the ones you want and turn them in, okay?
Okay!
Also, make sure you get your crush's photos, even if it embarrasses you!
Don't worry, I wouldn't be so lame as to reveal who bought what!
How can she say that?
You mean we can buy whichever ones we like?
That's right, but don't buy too many, okay?
They're actually 100 yen per photo. That's pretty expensive.
Just pick out the ones you want the most.
I want this one, too. Hey, and this onewe're all in it!
Mistress! There's a prime one over here!
Really? Check! I'm checking that number!
Listen to me, both of you!
This is something I've always dreamed about, you know!
Really, Kirisaki-san, you've got to be exaggerating!
Well, it looks like she's back to normal, which is all I can ask for.
Okay, why don't we go take a look too?
R-Right, good idea.
All right, let me get at least one photo of Onodera.
I want one of you and me, Ruri-chan.
I don't really care.
What?
Hey, how about this one?
You and I are both in it, Kosaki.
What? Let's see...
This one?
So tiny!
I bet we could find something better if we keep looking.
Wait, isn't this me?
I meant well!
Hey, look at this! You and Kosaki are in it, Raku!
What?
What should I do? I want it!
But if it gets out that I bought something like that...
Oh... Oh, man, sure is hard to find a good one!
You know, a photo that I'd want!
Y-Yes, you're right!
These two really get on my nerves.
Hey, hey, good sir, what type of photograph might you be looking for?
I have some fine products over here.
Would you be interested in one?
Shuu?
Here, you'll find photos of the girls as you'd normally never get to see them, taken by yours truly!
And I must say business is booming!
Maiko! I want number 13!
Number 94 for me!
What? Are you selling inappropriate photos of the girls?
How heinous.
Pervert!
Scum!
Drop dead!
No, no, it's not what you think, I swear!
And you berate me all too viciously.
Inappropriate photos of girls?
That goes against my principles!
What I seek are...
Incredibly embarrassing shots and no more!
Look, I've got one of you and Ruri-chan, too.
As a token of our new acquaintanceship...
What do you say? Does it float your boat?
Whoa! Hey, hold up!
I kinda wanna see it.
That's right, Raku, here's something special for you.
How much?
500 yen.
I'll take it.
Thanks for your patronage!
This will be my treasure.
Now if I can just find a shot with both Onodera and me.
Wait... this photo...
Who's that behind Kirisaki?
It's Onodera! This is a photo of her changing clothes!
You need to do a better job of censoring, Sensei!
If someone were to buy it and see her like this...
Thank goodness, not many people have seen the photos around here yet.
I'm gonna tell the teacher before anyone notices,
and have her delete the original file too.
Oh, my bad.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Onodera...
Ichijou-kun...
Hey, the photo!
Is this yours, Ichijou-kun?
Oh, crap!
If she sees that photo, it'll look like I'm the one going after a shot of her changing!
Thanks for picking that up for me! See ya!
Close call, close call!
I came this close to being labeled a pervert!
That photo just now... was a shot of Chitoge-chan.
Why would Ichijou-kun...
Ichijou-kun, are you actually...
Well, I sure got my hands on an awesome photo today!
Maybe I'll frame it. I'd better make sure Onodera doesn't find out.
So I still don't know which one's the girl I made that promise with.
But how am I supposed to figure it out?
Oh, man, if only it was like now and I still had photos from back then.
I bet it would at least give me a hint.
Huh? Photos? Yeah, we should still have some.
Hold on... Where have they been all this time?
I've turned this house upside-down numerous times looking for them, you know!
Oh, in that case, no wonder you couldn't find them.
They're all locked up in the storehouse.
You're talking about the photos from that trip we took ten years ago, right?
If I'm remembering this right, we didn't have a lot of photos from those days,
but there should be just one left at the back of the storehouse.
Seriously, who knew that a clue about that girl still existed so close by?
But maybe now I can get a step closer to the truth.
I think you begged me to take that photo of you and that little girl with the key.
You mentioned something about an important promise you'd made with her or something.
A girl with a key?
And an important promise?
