Answer me!
You were there during that day when South America vanished.
You, Amber, and Pai were all there.
What happened?
Why are we the only ones here?
Where are they?
Where's Pai? Where's my sister?
I'm not a part of their group.
I don't know anything about Amber or anyone else.
I don't even know if they're alive.
In order to carry out orders from the syndicate, I was definitely in South America that day.
However, I don't remember anything since that incident.
When I regained consciousness, I was already abroad in a rural area of Europe.
For some reason, I had also lost my abilities.
I never set foot outside that town since.
I was just... alive.
A quiet life, empty of the syndicate and my contract.
I wasn't asking you about that!
How can I make you believe me?
I don't have the information you're looking for.
If you've ever established a contract, you would know better than anyone else.
The greatest priority of a contractor doesn't lie with the syndicate nor its ideologies.
It lies with himself.
There's no merit in being tortured and remaining silent.
However, it doesn't seem like you understand that.
Before you became a contractor, you were more heartless than anyone else
and feared by people as the black Grim Reaper.
Now that you're a contractor, you've lost yourself over a trivial matter about your sister.
Shut up!
You're emotional, but you're unlike the mentally unstable Moratorium.
There aren't any signs of your remuneration.
Are you really a contractor?
BK201...
Every case that involves this cursed contractor is full of mystery and death.
What is the organization that's lurking behind him?
How's MI6?
They've returned to their hotel rooms.
Don't worry. Matsumoto-san and Kouno are watching over them.
I won't let them do as they like in Japan anymore.
I see. So this is the place
that July was able to detect.
November 11!
I've been looking for you, Misaki.
I dispatched two of my men in an effort to contact you.
Excuse me.
It's Kirihara.
Boss! I'm sorry, but I've lost track of November.
They're already here.
Huh?
Never mind. Regroup.
Is everything all right?
Yes.
Where shall we begin?
Huh?
Please give us instructions as well.
Thank you for the generous offer, but...
I don't need to remind you that our target is considered a cursed contractor.
Although I don't know what the enemy's objectives are,
it's a fact that the regressor, once feared as the most diabolical contractor in history, was taken away from us.
We are partly to blame for that.
If possible, we would like to avoid any casualties.
Allow us to assist you.
Don't worry. We'll make sure he releases Havoc without laying a finger on us.
Understood.
Boss!
Please lend us a hand.
This is...
You still eat a lot, don't you?
Do you always make it yourself?
I never thought meals could be enjoyable until I lost my abilities.
I only ate because I had to.
However, I learned how to cook after I met Laura's family.
In the beginning, it didn't seem like the children liked my cooking.
As time passed by, they started to say things like I want to eat this and I want to eat that.
I was happy.
I wanted to make more delicious meals for them.
I wanted to see their happy faces.
This was coming from someone whose remuneration for her contract was drinking the lifeblood of children.
Delicious.
Laura's mother once said,
Don't trust men who can cook well.
They're bound to be evil people.
I'm kidding.
Did I upset you,
even though you're a contractor?
You've really changed,
but not in a bad way.
It's strange.
It's the first time I've seen you smile.
I'm still not used to it.
Well, that goes for both of us.
I might not be the only one who's experienced these things.
Everyone might still be alive, just like you and me.
I'll cooperate with you.
Take me to the gate.
If you do, my abilities and memories from that time might return.
I might be able to remember something about where your sister is.
Promise me one thing, though.
If... If I revert back to my former self, kill me right away.
I found them.
Where are they?
Ichigaya Yanagichou.
They're on the move.
It's not that far away.
Which direction are they going?
East.
Episode Six Red Giant over Eastern Europe... (Part Two)
What a strange feeling.
You could say it's kind of nostalgic.
A feeling that would disturb the mental composure of any contractor.
Is it because we're getting closer to the gate?
I understand why the researchers were anticipating Havoc's awakening.
We'll bring her into custody before that.
We will, won't we?
If she awakens, submachine guns like those won't stand a chance.
In any case, what is Mr. 201 thinking?
I thought Havoc was definitely going to be killed.
Why is that?
Who knows? If she regains her memory, it might pose a threat to a certain mysterious syndicate,
which 201 may be an assassin of.
However, she isn't dead.
Furthermore, she's being taken to the gate, just as Pandora wanted to do.
Everything is being done by a single contractor.
It's quite a mystery.
You...
Let's go.
He's there.
Where?
Sotobori Avenue, Kagurazakashita.
Is he with Havoc?
Together,
but...
Kirihara.
This is Ohtsuka. A report from the Division of Astronomy just came in.
Havoc's stellar spectrum has entered optical spectrum status.
Say that again. What about Havoc?
She might regain her abilities!
Request for immediate dispatch of the Special Forces,
but do not fire until I give the order to do so.
Affirmative.
Where's November 11?
He was just here a minute ago.
Boss!
Wait.
I'm sorry.
Stay away!
I can feel...
that sensation coming back.
I was willing to accept my abilities again if I had been able to change like you did.
But...
I don't deserve to.
If only I had met you earlier,
I could have lived without having to fear the contract.
Kill me.
I'm begging you.
We're going to run away from here.
You're no longer a contractor.
You don't have to die.
It has begun.
I'm scared! No!
I don't want to change back...
I don't want to kill any more!
I don't want to take more lives!
So, please...
You'll be okay. Your abilities won't return as long as you stay away from here.
You won't have to kill anymore!
Isn't that right?
That's enough.
Run away.
I finally caught you.
Unfortunately, you won't be able to reach me from that distance.
Nice, aren't they?
Made in Japan. It's quality rubber.
Electricity can't pass through at all.
Havoc is dead.
Your mission should have been terminated immediately.
I used a lot of my power because of you.
Do as we say without further resistance.
We won't hold you accountable for this incident.
We have no intentions of handing you over to either Pandora or local authorities.
I just want to know about the organization you belong to.
Decide rationally, as a contractor would,
201BK.
Die.
Why didn't she use her abilities?
I had confirmation from the Division of Astronomy
that she had regained her powers.
I didn't know you were so afraid of her.
I'm kidding.
Why did you act on your own?
I'm not going to report this to the syndicate.
If they find out, our asses are as good as dead.
In that case, why didn't you kill me back there?
Don't fuck around with me, bastard!
Huang!
Contractors like you should just shut up and kill people.
British Secret Intelligence Service
It's me.
I read the report.
Remain there and continue investigating both the organization in question and 201BK.
Hi to all the good boys and girls watching the show this late at night!
We're going to boost the ratings by introducing the obligatory beauty.
She'll easily win the hearts of all the older viewers!
Who's a beauty, you airhead?!
What are you saying, boss?
The audience won't take you seriously unless you make a memorable first impression!
In the next episode, The Adventures of the Detective's Sidekick, Ayanuma Kiko will begin!
Everyone pay attention and look forward to it, nya!
You could have at least made the title The Melancholy of Detective Kurasawa Gai!
Episode Seven The Scent of Gardenias Lingers in the Summer Rain... (Part One)
