Hei...
Hei...
Where are you...?
Who are you?
No...
Why am I...?
Help me...
Hei...
Hei...!
Are you okay?
I'm scared.
I will protect you.
Fake passports?
One for each of you?
That's right.
That's fine with me, but doesn't your country provide them for you?
You're from the mainland, aren't you?
Or is it something you can't tell your lady?
I'm just joking!
I'm not going to ask a bunch of rude questions!
I don't want you getting angry.
You can count on me!
I, Qin, will do my best for the love between you two!
It's pointless.
That's right. It's pointless! No matter what I- Pointless!?
Yin?
They're onto us. Running away is pointless.
It would be best to ambush them.
What do you mean?
Didn't you hear me? I'll say it once more.
What's wrong with you?
Nothing really.
I'm just giving a suggestion since your plan has a high chance of failure.
Hey, hey! Nothing will come out of fighting!
In deference to me...
Shut up.
Shut up!
So what are you saying we should do?
Spread a rumor that you're going to sell me.
Sell?
Our enemies will jump at the chance.
Do you understand what you're suggesting?
Do you think I don't?
You're wary of those who attacked me in Okinawa.
We can't run away from them, though.
There is a doll watching me.
Is it nearby?
Not now.
Because I haven't called out to it yet.
Qin.
What is it?
Spread a rumor that a doll will be on sale.
A doll? This girl isn't a doll!
Dolls are supposed to have stone cold expressions!
She's a doll?
You don't see this kind of quality often!
It's completely different from a normal doll!
Its observation spirit takes on a human form, you see!
How much do they know?
Everything. He's even telling them that it has an observation specter with a human form.
It's true that it would be hard to reel in buyers in this area with a normal doll.
Should we just take this chance?
We will see how things play out for a little while longer.
Anyway, I don't think you should be here.
Why's that?
I have no attachment to this body, but I think I'll consider your suggestion.
Why did you keep quiet about the enemy's doll?
Were you worried about me?
What for?
Hei.
If you were worried this whole time, why didn't you tell me?
I don't know where to go either.
Even so, I...
Why are you saying that now?
Why? Because I...!
You don't remember what you just said?
What did I say?
Forget it.
You can tell me anything next time.
Whatever is on your mind.
I want to be with you forever, just like this.
What happened?
I got caught by a dangerous gang!
I knew bad people would get involved,
but these guys are too much!
I don't think we should go.
We should run while we can! There's no turning back if we go on!
They're not normal!
Why are they even bothering? They don't usually deal in dolls.
Why today of all days?
Because I'm interested in them.
Is she the one?
I heard she had a human-shaped observation specter, so I was wondering what kind of girl she'd be.
She looks like your average doll though.
Oh! I didn't think we'd be meeting here, my lady!
I thought we were supposed to meet at Lo's store?
I wouldn't mind buying it.
How much?
Ah, well...
How about this much?
Then how about this?
Three thousand Hong Kong dollars? So that's...
Thirty million.
Thirty million?!
Go ahead and look for yourself.
Don't worry. I won't let them lay a hand on you.
I shouldn't have gotten involved...
It's real!
Now it's your turn.
Let's see if she's the real thing or not.
What if I said no?
If you weren't told to say that, then that means you're not a doll.
No matter what terrible things dolls are forced to suffer,
they would never speak out of line in deference to their owner.
I can see that you're basing your assumptions on a typical doll.
I can't tell what I am anymore when I am with this man.
Whether I am a doll or not, I had no intention of dealing with you.
You were planning to kill us anyway.
I'm sorry! I'm really sorry!
I'll try to keep her quiet, so I'm really sorry!
So you knew.
You're good.
And how will you dodge them this time?
This has to be a joke! What the heck's going on?!
Not that way! Go right!
This way.
It's not here.
Brother.
That's strange. I just felt there was something different about you...
Brother...
He's manipulating me...?!
Her specter is gone?
Waiting for someone?
Where's the doll?
Where did you hide her?
Don't do anything hasty now.
If she is the real thing, then your strength has proven it...
Black Grim Reaper.
I received some information from a special guest
that there was a woman with a human-shaped specter and her protector, a male contractor.
The contractor is supposed to have great physical abilities and can manipulate electricity.
You have the ability to stand on even terms with me,
and that is exactly what proves you're the Black Reaper.
If I had known it would turn out like this, I would have prepared better for my remuneration.
If I strengthen my ability just a bit more, you will be completely crushed.
I will give you some time. Think through it logically.
You can no longer win against-
Impossible...
You're just a doll...!
This is...!
Just what are you...?
There's no point in fighting back.
Why are you so scared?
Yin.
Let go of Yin.
You should tell her yourself, as well.
She's no longer human, anyway.
Tell her to come quickly to my side.
You're...!
So you got her?
His bleeding has stopped.
Anyway, let's get out of here!
Watch him for a bit.
Not like I can stay in Hong Kong anymore.
I'll use this money to escape.
Sister...
You even killed her?
The wicked shall perish!
That doll seems to be the real Izanami.
Yes, I understand.
Still, it would be such a waste to kill it.
So we will be parting ways, Madame Oreille.
Goodbye.
Can you fly? ano sora ni kagayaku Ziggy Star
Can you fly? Ziggy Star shining in the sky
kowareta yume kieta ai torimodoshite Fly away
Claiming back my broken dreams and lost love Fly away
Can you try? nikushimi o jihi e to kaete
Can you try? Changing this hate into compassion
kawaita mune o nurasu Darker than Black
Soaking up my dry chest Darker than Black
utsuro ni hikaru kousou no mado
From hollow spaces the windows on the skyscrapers shine,
hatasenu mama no yakusoku
a promise that remains unfulfilled
muda ni nagareta chi to namida ni somaru kanashii Game
Dyed in pointlessly flowing blood and tears, this sad Game
Oh, Where is my friend? hitori yozora o nagamereba
Oh, Where is my friend? If I Gaze at the night sky alone
hoshikage ni yureru kimi no Sweet smile
Swaying in the starlight is your Sweet smile
Can you try? tachihadakaru kabe o kowashite
Can you try? Break the wall that is blocking your way
tabidatsu toki o kizamu Darker than Black
The time to begin is ticking by Darker than Black
So this is the anti-contractor weapon?
That's right!
With this, they won't have the upper hand anymore!
Just wonderful!
I can't believe you were able to miniaturize the Saturn Ring in only 18 months!
Should we also take into consideration the effects it will have on humans?
We're blasting them with anti-Gate particles! There's no way it would affect them!
But contractors will just die and disappear.
What happens if we do the opposite and hit them with Gate particles?
That's simple!
They become more powerful contractors.
I see.
Hello, this is Sawasaki.
It's me, Kobayashi.
Ah, chief! We may be able to put that item to good use in the field.
I see. Then leave the rest to the researchers and fly to Hong Kong immediately.
The ones we hired to capture the doll have been found dead.
Izanami has awakened?!
I don't know any of the details yet.
However, ever since BK-201 left Tokyo, the seriousness of the situation has been accelerating.
I sent someone to pick you up.
Ask them for the details.
I'll do my best to meet your expectations.
I'm Sawasaki. It's a pleasure to meet you.
Um... your hand...
Picked up by the remnants of the EPR, we find a moment of repose.
However, that would not continue for long.
The jungle rain bores into us like rust bores into rock.
