Are you still here?
Are you still here?
That must be it.
Step aside!
Inspector Ginoza of CID Division 1...
You are not eligible for access to this information.
You are forbidden to enter this area.
What?!
I'll explain it to you.
Chief...
I would like to show
Cut open my skull
Look into my head
I don't know why I'm so harsh
I can't be so brash
I'm going to crash
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
Again
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
So it goes
Again
18: A Promise Written on Water
Please explain to me how Makishima Shougo escaped.
It's very likely that he had help from someone inside the Ministry of Welfare.
There's no way he could have escaped otherwise.
We just have to hear what happened directly from Makishima himself.
So when you next apprehend him,
I want your top priority to be bringing him in alive.
I'll be putting Division 1 in charge once again.
What on Earth is going on? Please give me a reasonable explanation!
Ginoza...
Yes?
Not only did you allow Enforcer Kagari to escape,
your investigation into his disappearance has already hit a brick wall.
Now that you have been given the top priority task of recapturing Makishima,
you've got the perfect opportunity to sweep your blunder under the rug.
This is my way of showing appreciation to Division 1 and extending my support.
I hope you appreciate the consideration I'm showing you as your chief.
But...
Also, I have further orders regarding Enforcer Kougami Shinya.
You are to take him off this case and place him under strict supervision.
Why?
Didn't I just tell you? Your top priority is Makishima Shougo's safety.
As of now, the task of tracking down Kagari has been transferred to Division 2.
We at Division 1 are in charge of tracking down Makishima Shougo.
Enforcer Kougami, you are to remain within Bureau headquarters.
I want you to work with Analyst Karanomori to back us up.
These are the Chief's orders.
Say...
Don't you think it's a bit strange that the Chief would order me off the case?
We're short on manpower as it is, and now she's reducing it further?
That makes no sense.
It suggests that the most important thing here is Makishima's safety,
and that stopping him from committing more crimes is merely a secondary objective.
We can't even say we're out to apprehend him, really.
More like we've been ordered to act as his bodyguards.
Our top brass don't intend to judge him.
Even if we manage to apprehend him again,
I'm sure the Chief intends to use him for some other purpose.
Am I wrong?
What are you basing that on?
You heard what he said when he called me, didn't you?
He mentioned the true form of the Sibyl System.
He had already discovered the inner workings that none of us know anything about.
He was just bluffing!
Do we take criminals at their word now?
He must have negotiated with someone who can even control the Sibyl System at will.
In the end, Makishima was able to outwit this person,
but instead of getting angry, they became even more obsessed with him.
Sibyl is a system that is guaranteed to be independent and free from influence by any organization.
No one is given that kind of authority.
Makishima probably knows whether that's true or not.
They used an aircraft to transport instead of a paddy wagon.
On top of that, only Drones were on board to guard him.
Nothing about this case is normal.
To start with, whose body was that being taken out from the site?
It's been erased from the record, but we clearly saw it.
We all know something's up, Ko.
But the details are top secret. The Inspectors wouldn't know the answer, either.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
I guess you're right.
I'll go grab a bite to eat.
Kougami!
This is all one big farce. All of it.
After the Senguji Toyohisa case, I took a look at the report Gino submitted to the top brass.
Well, I snuck a peek.
Again?
The part where the Dominator ignored Makishima was gone without a trace.
From how the report was written, he was probably forced to delete it.
The top brass are trying to erase the very fact that there are people who can't be judged by Sibyl.
Well... I guess they don't have much choice.
Don't you feel frustrated?
I do. But...
I came to a realization when the riots broke out the other day.
I think enforcing justice and maintaining public order are equally important.
Then...
How do you think we can deal with those who are outside the law?
We have no choice but to make this case an exception and go back to the old system.
We prosecute him, open a court, let him defend himself, and then sentence him.
I think that's all we can do.
That sounds like a pretty daunting process.
I wonder how long it'll take to prepare.
But there's no other way.
There is, remember?
A quicker way that won't cause anyone trouble.
We should've killed Makishima back then.
But I was wrong to ask you to do it. I'll finish him off myself.
You're an Inspector, after all. I can't have his blood on your hands.
I'm an Enforcer. I have nothing to lose.
That's how our partnership works.
That'll show my worth as a hunting dog, too.
That's not enforcing the law.
You're just replacing one killer with another.
Kougami...
You told me once that you wanted to be a detective, not a dog.
You sure do remember the most trivial things.
It's not trivial. Completely the opposite.
It's thanks to those words that I didn't quit this job.
Tell me, Kougami.
Will you always be a detective?
Can you promise me that?
Yeah.
Oof.
So, you think the Chief's throwing us a ball to play with like the dogs we are?
What was I supposed to do?
What's the right answer in this kind of situation?
There's no right answer. All you can do is compromise.
Hey...
Nobuchika.
What is it?
You need to protect yourself.
Like I said earlier, this is a game of ball between the master and their dogs.
If you disobey, you'll just be punished.
Given that, you should change your position to that of a third party, neither dog nor master.
A third party?
The ball.
You need to become the ball that's thrown about, just bouncing and rolling.
At first glance, it may seem to be beneath you,
but in truth, that's the way to get hurt least and avoid tiring yourself out.
It's the wisest course of action, you know.
I'm sorry to say it, but this case is too much for you to handle.
Instead of acting rashly and ending up being forced to resign,
you're better off acting completely useless as you roll down the slope.
That's some pretty terrible advice.
I thought you'd have more smarts than me about this kind of stuff.
I guess that's the so-called wisdom that comes with age.
We really can't afford not to have Kougami when we go after Makishima.
Even if he ends up being a dog that bites his master?
When it comes to Makishima-related matters,
there's no other hunting dog with as keen a nose as Kougami's.
That detective instinct that you so often talk about...
It's a talent that I don't happen to have after all.
But the Chief ordered you to take him off the case, right?
Once we can get him out of the cage, the game is ours.
The only remaining question is: what excuse shall I come up with?
It's not like you to come up with such a radical idea, Ginoza.
I'm sorry to ask you to take part in something risky like this.
That's okay.
I agree that the way Kagari from your division disappeared is suspicious,
and that we can't let Makishima Shougo run free.
We already have two people absent from the CID as it is.
Given the present situation, we can't let you waste time sitting around in the lab.
So I asked Inspector Aoyanagi in Division 2 to temporarily have you and one of her Enforcers switch places, and she agreed.
Go to Division 2 for a while, and help them search for Kagari Shuusei.
We'll borrow one of the Division 2 people in your place.
When we have so few leads on Kagari's case as it is,
it's understandable that the investigation would follow a somewhat roundabout course.
Kougami, whatever you do, don't pull any stupid stunts.
At least not while I'm looking, anyway.
Yes, ma'am.
This is a special circumstance as defined in Code K32.
We will be taking Kougami Shinya into custody.
Wha
Tsk.
If you really thought that you could outwit me with such a cheeky trick,
you must really take me for quite the fool.
I'm surprised to see you're such a big fan of mine, Chief Kasei.
And I'm surprised that you think you're in any position to talk back.
It's really quite hard to grasp.
Chief!
Please let me explain! This is
That won't be necessary.
Ginoza, isn't this the sort of situation where the more you talk, the deeper you dig yourself?
Making judgments based on your personal discretion isn't always a bad thing.
What's important is to produce a satisfying result.
In the end, that's the sole basis for evaluation.
That's precisely why it's important to know when to quit when you take a risky gamble.
The question is how quickly and firmly you can close the books on your failure.
Now, Inspector Ginoza...
An Enforcer under your supervision is about to commit a serious breach of trust.
How do you intend to deal with this situation?
Instead of just going on and on with foolish explanations,
are you able to demonstrate you can act clearly and decisively?
Crime Coefficient is 265.
An Enforcer registered at the Criminal Investigation Department.
This target has Enforce At Will status.
The safety will be released.
Good. An acceptable demonstration of your own worth.
However, your lenient manner still leaves much to be desired.
Enforcement mode is Non-Lethal... Para...
Lethal... Eliminate...
Now, Ginoza. Show me how you take charge as a leader.
Show me that you can act decisively, unhindered by emotion.
For a target whose Crime Coefficient is under 300,
Paralyzer mode should be used.
Inspector Ginoza, that Dominator appears to be faulty.
You should send it in for maintenance immediately.
Yeah.
Akane
You should be grateful to Akane.
She avoided your spine and shot you in the leg instead.
Seems like she's gotten used to handling the Dominator, huh?
You know,
when an inexperienced newbie rapidly becomes tough,
on one hand it's reassuring, but it's also a bit sad. Complicated, isn't it?
She'll get tougher and tougher.
I've got a question.
Sure. What is it?
Does that helmet still work?
More or less. But when the Sibyl System is completely restored, they plan on installing countermeasures.
After that, it'll just be a regular helmet.
How long until it's restored?
Six more days.
Are you going to take a piece of evidence with you?
I need it for the investigation.
This from the guy who got taken off the case?
Have they notified you guys of that, too?
Hmm... Who knows?
Come to think of it, maybe I haven't heard yet.
Whatever you do, don't take it outside, okay?
I know.
Say, Shinya...
I was thinking... Should I have slept with you at least once?
Who knows? I don't think we're each other's type, though.
I guess you're right.
Oh, the helmet, huh? I forgot you could use that.
This is to celebrate your discharge from the hospital. Here, have some.
I've been looking at the info on Makishima that you collected.
It looks messy at first glance, but it's actually quite organized.
It's prepared in such a way that you can take just the important parts, when push comes to shove.
Why are you so obsessed with Makishima?
Is it evil that you can't tolerate? Or is it Makishima himself?
Neither one, pops.
If I give up now,
eventually I'll come to resent myself for letting Makishima Shougo get away.
I could never allow that to happen.
That answer suits you perfectly, Ko.
This is from back when I worked for the Metropolitan Police Department.
I once prepared a safe house for use in emergencies.
It might be of use to you too.
Pops...
Are you gonna leave without saying a word to the young lady?
I can't face her now.
At least help her come to terms with it.
Yeah...
There's no way I could love anyone,
There's no way I could love anyone,
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
The world may not have
The world may not have
ended yesterday after all,
ended yesterday after all,
but we will not budge
but we will not budge
from where we are
from where we are
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
I receive no reply
I receive no reply
I never do
I never do
I'm sorry. I couldn't keep my promise.
I wanted to go into a line of work where I could protect people.
That's why I became a detective.
But Makishima changed everything.
That man will continue to kill people.
And yet, the law can't judge him.
As long as I'm a detective, I can't touch him.
This case made me aware...
that the law can't protect people.
In that case, my only option is to step outside the law.
Tsunemori Akane... There is no doubt that your way of living is correct.
Don't lose sight of that just because I betrayed you.
I chose a different path solely in order to have my own way.
I'm aware that this is the wrong thing to do.
But I know that I can only come to terms with my old self by taking the wrong path.
I won't ask you to forgive me.
The next time we meet, you'll be in a position to judge me.
When that time comes, please fulfill your duty with no mercy.
Don't turn your back on your beliefs.
Although it was only for a short time,
I feel fortunate that I was able to work under you.
Thank you.
You idiot...
You'll never walk alone
You'll never walk alone
I walk with you
I walk with you
I will share all your sins
I will share all your sins
Together with you
Together with you
I walk
I walk
a trackless path
a trackless path
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
