Beyond these doors is the chamber of the Divine Assembly,
Miss Human God.
Oh, wait. At least tell me your name.
And now, into the sacred chamber of the gods!
I wonder what's happening on this world
I wonder what's happening on this world
I fly through the sky into space
I fly through the sky into space
and circle the world
and circle the world
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday
With my periodic biorhythm
With my periodic biorhythm
I'm like a washing machine
I'm like a washing machine
Just kidding
Just kidding
Yes, I'm spinning around
Yes, I'm spinning around
Around, around the world
Around, around the world
Because there's no limit to my love
Because there's no limit to my love
Spinning around, around, around the world
Spinning around, around, around the world
I want to tell you that I love you, even if it confuses me
I want to tell you that I love you, even if it confuses me
Bam, bam, bam
Bam, bam, bam
You're not paying attention
You're not paying attention
Sometimes love keeps being one-sided
Sometimes love keeps being one-sided
It's gotten so hopelessly complex
It's gotten so hopelessly complex
But I'll make it all true with a miracle
But I'll make it all true with a miracle
Hey, God,
Hey, God,
I'm your god
I'm your god
I think
I think
You.
He's the War God.
Why have you come? I thought I told you to get lost.
Oh, crap! Scary god alert!
So speak your mind proudly as a participant of the Divine Assembly.
No.
I will not leave!
Because I am part of the Divine Assembly too!
Are those your final words?!
Stop that at once!
You are so quick to draw your blade.
You're as hotheaded as ever, aren't you?
Otohiko!
Nanami, I've been so worried about you!
Mizuki!
Was it you who invited her?! She does not belong here!
A drab thing like her? As if!
Then who invited her?!
I did, of course.
What?
Squee! Lord Ookuninushi!
He's the lord and master of the Grand Shrine and the host of the Divine Assembly.
Lord Ookuninushi, I hope that I find you in excellent health.
Hello, Otohiko. Beautiful as ever, I see.
It is rare for you to make an appearance so early in the assembly.
A situation developed recently that has need of an urgent resolution.
Nanami, dear.
What?
Before the Divine Assembly gets started, I want you to go to Yomotsu Hirasaka.
What's Yomotsu Hirasaka?
The God Falls into the Netherworld
Yomotsu Hirasaka is the entrance to the Netherworld.
Ordinarily, there's a god who's in charge of guarding the gate and determining who's allowed to cross the border,
but he is currently here for the Divine Assembly.
I'm drinking today, moo!
Okay.
For all seven days of the Divine Assembly, the gates are undermanned.
Every year, spirits and the like target this opportunity to try to break through the border.
They only have seven days, so the attempts generally end in failure,
but there was apparently quite the ace among the spirits this year.
What a terrible state of affairs!
The gate once sealed since the dawn of creation has opened!
If we do not hurry, the filth of the Netherworld will sully the earth!
Alas, gods are fond of cleanliness and generally dislike having anything to do with the Netherworld!
No one will go scout for me.
But now you have appeared with a pure gaze of an unfailing spirit.
Surely, you can exorcise the filth of the Netherworld for me.
Yeah, no problem.
What? Seriously?
In exchange, though, I have a request.
Yes, what is it?
I want to know the whereabouts of Mikage, the true lord and master of Mikage Shrine.
There's somebody who wants him to come back.
You must understand that Mikage gave you his personal mark of godhood and has since gone into hiding.
Without that mark, finding those who don't want to be found is no easy task, even for me.
But if you promise to take care of the Yomotsu Hirasaka situation, then I will promise to look for Mikage.
Do we have a deal?
Yes, we do.
Then I shall assign a guide to you forthwith.
No!
Why me?!
He said it's punishment for being late.
You're being so cruel, Lord Ookuninushi!
Apparently, the first two days mainly consist of drinking parties.
The crucial part starts on the third day, so it'll be fine if I get back before then.
Nothing about this is fine, you stupid woman!
I'm your guide, and that's all. You got that?
You're on your own with the rest of this.
Seriously!
Good grief.
Nanami, you keep taking on these nearly impossible, messy tasks.
You're staying behind, okay?
Why?!
I want you to do something.
I want you to find the god who showed me the way to the hall of the Divine Assembly.
There's a chance...
that it was Mikage.
Oh, honestly! What's taking you so long?! Hurry up and get this over with!
A word of warning.
The Netherworld is a land on the edge of death and rebirth.
When mortals breathe the air there, they immediately begin to decay.
Soulless daemons and weak spirits turn to dust.
Only gods are able to come and go.
Decay?
Well, you're technically a god, so you might be okay.
But under no circumstance should you pass through the Great Boulder Gate at Yomotsu Hirasaka.
The Great Boulder Gate's been cracked in half like an egg!
This power's incredible!
So the rumors were true. The legendary Akura-oh had to have used this before.
Boss, you're awesome!
You're the new Akura-oh, Boss!
Snazzy thing you've got here, for a human.
Who the hell are you?
That cudgel siphons the life force of its wielder.
In order to carry it, you need an immortal body like Akura-oh's.
And that body is in the Netherworld.
If you go to the Netherworld and obtain his body, no one in this world will be able to stand against you,
Tekkimaru.
That's so cool, Boss!
Even Reirei, the celestial nymph, is bound to fall in love with you then!
Reirei?
You're making me blush, you idiot.
What?
Spirits who are weak turn to dust when they touch Netherworld air.
Only the most powerful spirits can withstand it.
Now, Tekkimaru, take the plunge into the Netherworld and show me that you're no weakling.
Watch your mouth, you human!
Our boss is a true man's man!
There's no way he'll turn to dust!
Boss, please go and don't worry about us!
You guys...
I'm never letting you guys go!
Hurry up and go already!
I'll be damned if I let go!
Wow, there are a lot of spirits gathered around.
The Great Boulder Gate is wide open.
No wonder it stinks.
What the?
Boss, that's Lord Otohiko, the god of wind!
A god?!
The Divine Assembly is this week!
Master Kirihito.
You two should hide.
This is the last place I need to let myself fall into suspicion.
I was so close to getting my body back!
All right! This is where we come in, Mamoru!
What's wrong, Mamoru?!
We're too close to the Netherworld's entrance.
Move aside, you useless thing.
I, Otohiko the god of wind, will take care of this in a jiffy.
Don't come any closer!
I'll kill this human!
If you're a god, I doubt you want that to happen!
A human?!
What the heck is he doing there?!
What's he doing here?
Things aren't looking good. I guess I've got no choice but to take the plunge.
I'm going to the Netherworld, just like you told me to.
You'll be my lucky charm on this journey.
You'll keep me company, right?
Oh, no!
What?!
I'm coming back with an immortal body!
Hang in there!
Reach out your hand!
If only gods can come and go,
then I should be able to bring him back.
Next part coming
right up
right up
right up
right up
right up
Next part starting
Next part starting
Next part starting
Next part starting
Next part starting
Why must I go out in this blizzard looking like a woman to attend school alone?!
Master Tomoe, you are home early.
It is not even noon yet.
I made an appearance at the morning assembly! Got a problem with that?!
No.
Dammit! Curse Nanami!
She foisted the chores onto me and went on a trip with the snake. How nice it must be for her!
Goodness!
Your hard work in this cold weather is most appreciated.
Please sit back and enjoy the yuzu bath, Master Tomoe.
There are seconds of the sake as well.
You are an excellent familiar, Master Tomoe, so it is only natural that you would be concerned for Lady Nanami.
You serve her day after day with such devotion, so this is the least we can do for you while Lady Nanami is away.
That is right.
Nanami is not here.
It will be all right, Master Tomoe!
Lady Nanami is sure to return six days hence!
She would never run away like her predecessor.
That is right. Of course!
Nanami is a handful in so many ways, so her being gone...
is a golden opportunity for me!
There is no time to waste!
Will-o'-the-wisps, I am going out to have fun!
Do not expect me back tonight!
What?!
Ooh! Master Tomoe is here?!
We have not seen him in nine months!
I wonder if he is doing well.
Hatsune is entertaining him right now,
but Master Tomoe is acting strangely.
Strangely?
No matter what she asks him, he seems distracted, and all he does is drink.
He has gone through eight whole bottles by himself already!
It is as if his mind is somewhere else.
He has not even tried to lay a hand on us.
I wonder if he is not feeling well.
But he is such a beautiful man!
This house cannot allow its customers to drink themselves unconscious.
Since it has come to this...
Master Tomoe!
Please allow us to join you as well!
Let us have fun, Master Tomoe.
I want to hear the story of your heroic deeds!
Oh? What is this, Sakurako?
I heard it from Mizutama
that long ago, Master Tomoe was supposedly on friendly terms with the notorious Akura-oh.
Master Tomoe?
H-He is asleep.
Hold on, Sakurako.
Akura-oh was a notorious spirit who's said to have gone on a murderous rampage long ago.
How does Master Tomoe have anything to do with him?
Did he even really exist?
What did you hear from Mizutama?
And how old is Master Tomoe anyway?
A long time ago, when Mizutama was apprenticing at a different house, she apparently met him once.
Akura-oh came to hire a prostitute?
No.
Six Hundred Years Ago
For this story, we go back six hundred years.
A mass murderer in the guise of a customer...
Is this the house rumored to always be busy due to its numerous beauties?
Every one of you is stunning.
I simply cannot choose.
I know! I shall hire any of you that survive this day!
Someone...
Someone...
Help me!
Someone!
Someone!
Go.
Man, that was fun!
I waited for you, but sadly, it began to snow.
Of course you know I cannot abide to the cold.
I got too frisky, and there's none left for you.
Too bad.
It is true I enjoy turning the tables on those who rise against us,
but I dislike slaughtering the unresisting.
Back then, countless communities fell victim to Akura-oh.
Mizutama's establishment was apparently among them.
The next time she saw Master Tomoe was supposedly over five hundred years later.
M-Master Tomoe was...
Why are you girls just standing there and neglecting your customers?
Mizutama!
I-Is it true, Mizutama?
Were you attacked by Akura-oh?
It's ancient history.
It just goes to show that this fox has been completely defanged by Mikage now
and grown into quite the attraction.
You girls leave us now.
I owe a debt to Master Fox here.
During the twenty years of Mikage's absence,
Master Tomoe would carry on about not wanting to go back to the shrine,
and every time I wrapped myself around him...
Oh, how happy that made me...
I doubt that you will ever know.
So warm...
That place is cold and chills me to the bone,
so I will just stay here to forget about everything and sleep.
And sleep.
Tomoe.
Tomoe!
What are you doing?!
Get back to the shrine right this minute, or I'll put you on guard duty forever!
I must go home!
Master Tomoe?! What in the world has
Sorry, Mizutama!
Not at all.
I am glad that you now have a place to go home to.
Nanami!
What seems to be the rush?
It is nothing.
Nanami could not have possibly returned home, so why did I feel the need to come back so hastily?
Oh, yes, Master Tomoe.
To Tomoe
I was entrusted with a message for you from Lady Nanami.
To Tomoe
To Tomoe
From Nanami?
It warms my heart to hear it's from her because she took all the warmth of the shrine away with her.
Nanami...
To Tomoe.
Thanks for going to school!
On Wednesday, there's an English vocabulary test in the morning,
so make sure you study so you can score at least 80 points!
Nanami.
English Vocab
English Vocab
English Vocab
There are four hours left until the test in the morning.
What?!
Oh-ho...
An unexpected and very interesting party seems to have joined us here in the Netherworld.
Wow, I slept like a baby.
Where am I?
God woke up.
Surface god woke up.
Woke up.
Who the?!
So many! What the?!
Surface god, you eat this.
What?
A dumpling?
Thank you.
Don't eat it.
Wh-What did you do that for?! That was dangerous!
Don't put any food from the Netherworld into your mouth.
That is, if you ever want to return to the surface.
The Netherworld?
That's right. I fell into the Netherworld, and...
Oh, yeah! Are you all right?!
No problem? You're not decaying?
Wh-Who are these people?
If any more of them come, it'll become unmanageable.
Do something.
That's right.
I made sure to bring white talismans for such an occasion!
If I make an evil spirits begone talisman with this...
Oh, I wrote it wrong.
Evil
Cloud
Never mind. Dimwit.
I was saved by you?
I've really hit rock bottom.
Run!
Why is this guy...
Swim to the opposite shore!
They won't chase us into the water!
How can he be so calm?!
She's not here.
She should have fallen here somewhere.
Where in the world did that little girl go?
Honestly! Talk about making more work for me.
Woof! Woof!
Oh, dear, is it that late already?
Otohiko!
War God!
Have you still not wrapped up the Hirasaka situation?
The little girl went missing along with a human.
Help me find them.
I haven't the time.
It is the third day of the Divine Assembly.
Everyone is already at the Grand Shrine.
Forget about the girl!
She is a human god, so she should be able to return without help!
Come along, Taroumaru, Jiroumaru.
Woof!
I didn't think I'd be going for a midwinter swim in the Netherworld.
The insides of my shoes just feel gross.
If you can't swim, you should've said so.
I'm sinking!
I can swim!
I was just surprised that I didn't float!
Anyway, it'll be all right now that I'm here.
We'll quickly find the exit to the surface and escape...
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Growl
Escape...
Growl
Growl
Could it be that you're hungry or something?!
That would be you.
All right, leave it to me!
Kawagoe Specialty Sweet Potato Donut
I'll write out a white talisman, and...
Once I slap this talisman onto one of the wild mushrooms around here...
Voila!
It's transformed into an 85-yen sweet potato donut, a Kawagoe specialty!
Still looks like a mushroom to me.
Once you try it, you'll see it's a sweet potato donut.
Probably.
Which means, even if I eat this, I won't become a denizen of the Netherworld.
Maybe I'll give it a shot.
Don't!
I knew it.
Are you not confident in your power?
You're a good-for-nothing woman.
L-Like you're such a hotshot yourself.
Let's get going, Ms. Good-For-Nothing.
My name is Momozono Nanami!
Now tell me your name, you creep!
Kirihito.
Kirihito...
I love the enthusiasm, but do you actually know the way?
And besides, you're human, so why...
We have been waiting for you, human god and company.
Lady Nanami and...
Hey, can you hear me?
Our lady and mistress, the presiding goddess of the Netherworld, Lady Izanami...
Hey, can you hear me?
Izanami of the Netherworld...
That night, I was looking
at the fleeting remnants of the day
The milky way spread across my vision
It was very beautiful
Hey, can you hear me?
I don't think I can talk to other people about this
I'll call up God, I think
If a new day hadn't begun
then yesterday's tomorrow would be today
and yesterday would be the day before
I'm waiting for you
I'll stay here
The boat is stopped here
If today weren't today
Preview
Preview
Nanami and Kirihito are invited to Izanami's shrine.
But Kirihito is taken prisoner!
and were that day instead, oh, that'd be nice
What? Is that what was up with Kirihito?
As he and Nanami get chased, will they manage to escape unscathed?
Next time, The God Races Across the Netherworld.
Hey, can you hear me?
The God Races Across the Netherworld
The God Races Across the Netherworld
Max headwind!
