Good morning!
It's 8:15 on November 5th!
Tsunemori Akane, your Psycho-Pass Hue is powder blue this morning!
Have a wonderful day with that healthy mind of yours!
Oh man, I messed up...
My head is full of things
My head is full of things
that I can never tell anybody of
that I can never tell anybody of
In this perfect world
In this perfect world
I roam, a lost being
I roam, a lost being
The impossible is holding sway over me
The impossible is holding sway over me
All I know of the world is what I can see
All I know of the world is what I can see
Is that enough to find its faults?
Is that enough to find its faults?
Artificial, artificial
Artificial, artificial
Hey, how can they stay so sane?
Hey, how can they stay so sane?
This is their artificial world
This is their artificial world
In this beautiful world
In this beautiful world
there is something
there is something
that obscures all light for me
that obscures all light for me
My heart tries to make sense of it
My heart tries to make sense of it
and finds no answer
and finds no answer
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret image for you
Secret image for you
Don't show me a dark future
Don't show me a dark future
with this gaudy land
with this gaudy land
Show me a way to fade
Show me a way to fade
I'm not on the day shift today... right?
You're meeting up with Funahara Yuki and Minase Kaori at Akebonobashi Station at 11:00.
At 14:30, you start second shift duty at the Public Safety Bureau.
Oh, that's right.
What's your room preference today?
Victor Horta's Hotel Tassel.
Okay! I'll use the library as reference!
02: Those Capable
Your dietary intake yesterday was 2200 kilocalories in total.
The recommended amount for today's breakfast is 240 kilocalories.
I'll have a 200 kilocalorie Chinese-flavored breakfast.
Certainly!
It was my very first day on the job...
Why me? What'd I do?
Today's weather will be morning clouds giving way to sunny skies.
There is a 0 chance of precipitation.
The anticipated group stress in the Shinjuku ward is Level 3.
I recommend taking a supplement to prevent mental contamination.
I guess this'll do.
All right, see you later.
Take care!
So...
You messed up, huh?
Yeah... though I can't give you the details
since I work for the Public Safety Bureau and all.
I don't know much about these things,
but what you did wasn't in violation of your duties, right?
I guess not.
Then you don't have to worry about it, right?
Besides, your Psycho-Pass isn't that clouded either.
I guess that means you're not that bothered by it after all?
C'mon, don't be mean!
I didn't get a wink of sleep last night.
I'm surprised the Hue Check showed such a clear color for you, considering what you went through.
You don't give yourself much psychological care,
and yet you're such a mental beauty.
How do you stay so healthy?
Well... Maybe I'm just thick-skinned, you know?
God really is unfair.
You said it.
I-In any case... It's not that I doubt the Sibyl System,
but I wonder if a career at the Public Safety Bureau is really right for me.
Jeez, you're lucky to even have the choice!
I know you like to speak without thinking, but that's pushing it even for you!
To start with, you were found to have an aptitude for jobs
at the Ministry of Economy and the Ministry of Technology,
and yet you rejected them both and picked the Public Safety Bureau, right?
The best I could do was C-rank scores across the board.
What's the problem? You're good at blue-collar work.
I'm a systems engineer, so my shoulders are always killing me.
Akane, you were an honor student who scored 700 points on the last exam.
You should be able to take on any job with ease, right?
Sorry. I guess we went a little too far.
But I think that if anyone can pull off that job, it's you.
And not just because of the aptitude the System indicated.
As a friend, I know you'll do well.
That which needs to be done is carried out by those capable of doing it.
Such is the grace bestowed upon mankind by Sibyl.
Just kidding.
Excuse me!
Is Analyst Karanomori Shion here?
Yeah, yeah. Who are you?
I'm Tsunemori Akane. I've been assigned to the CID as of yesterday.
Oh! You're the new Inspector who shot Shinya, aren't you?
Wow... You're a lot cuter than I thought.
That cute face of yours hides how daring you can be, though!
What happened? Did Shinya grab your butt or something?
No. Um...
I was told I should come to you to find out how he's doing.
Oh, that.
While I do have a physician's license,
can you believe that's all it took for the government to delegate employee health care to the Analysis Lab?
Sure, I may be a latent criminal too,
but that doesn't mean they can just slave drive me as much as they want, right?
R-Right...
Let's see. Akane, was it?
If you're an Inspector, that puts you on the fast track at the Bureau, right?
Hurry up and become a high-ranking official so you can reform the system.
You can start by splashing out for a swimming pool and bar lounge at the CID.
I'm counting on you!
Right, well.. How's Kougami's treatment going?
Oh, that's right.
Well, you scored a direct hit on his spinal cord,
so he's still out of commission.
It'll be a little longer before he's able to stand, talk, or anything like that.
Of course, you wouldn't be able to join him in bed right now, either.
If you just want to peek in on him, that'd be okay.
What do you wanna do?
W-Well, I'd better not bother him.
If he spends today resting, the aftereffects should go away.
Come back tomorrow morning.
Okay.
Work Type
Latent Criminal Pursuit Apprehension hEnforce-At-Will Authority Granted
Casualty Report
Ookura Nobuo
After his Criminal Coefficient rose to over 300, lethal enforcement was authorized. Died at the scene.
Shimazu Chika
After being taken hostage by Ookura and released, lethal enforcement was authorized. Currently hospitalized.
Kougami Shinya (Enforcer, Public Safety Bureau)
After carrying out lethal enforcement on Ookura, he pursued a new enforcement target. Incapacitated by Inspector Tsunemori's Paralyzer.
Director of the Criminal Investigation Division
Chief Investigator: Nobuchika Ginoza
Accident Report for PSB Vehicles and Officers
Date of Incident
Oct. 4th, around 3:30pm
Weather
Fine
Location of Incident
Vicinity of Tokyo, 13th Jurisdiction Control Area, 6th District
KT building, warehouse along the shore
Police Details
Tomomi Masaoka
Work Type
Latent Criminal Pursuit Apprehension Enforce-At-Will Authority Granted
Huh?
Um...
Hmm?
Excuse me, are there any other tablets?
Enforcer Kougami is using the spare equipment.
But, um... Isn't Kougami...
Ow!
That hurt...
Here.
Use this.
O-Okay.
Sorry for getting in late.
Oh? You're on duty tonight, young lady?
Ah, yes.
It must be tough after what happened yesterday.
Well, let's hope that today's a little quieter
This is an elevated Area Stress Level warning.
A Psycho-Pass above the regulation value has been detected
inside Iko Gryce Hill in the Adachi ward.
Inspector on duty, please accompany the Enforcers to the site immediately.
And just when I was hoping today would be quiet...
Well, our shift just ended, so... good luck.
Would you like me to cover for Kougami?
No, that won't be necessary.
Let's get going, Ms. Inspector.
What?!
Drones have been watching the entrances to the mall since the warning was triggered.
They haven't caught anyone yet.
In other words, whoever's elevating the Area Stress level is still in the mall.
Are we going to use Dominators?
We'll have them delivered to us as a precaution.
but we probably won't need them.
Well then, shall we go?
Do you feel uncomfortable?
I thought your generation was used to playing with holo-suits on.
It feels a bit weird with my whole body as an Avatar.
It's okay, so let me see.
Oh, stop it.
Not a chance!
Oh, there's our man.
On the right, hiding behind the front column.
But... How can you tell without even using a scanner?
A beast can sniff out another beast's scent.
Excuse me. Could we please measure your Psycho-Pass?
Whoa... It's looking pretty cloudy.
My assessment is that you require emergency therapy.
Please come with me.
What? Why?
I haven't done anything yet...
So you really can identify latent criminals?
With experience, you'll intuitively know at first glance when someone's up to no good.
Committing crimes, or cracking down on them...
Either way, they're talents that deal with criminal behavior.
That's why my Crime Coefficient is so high.
Thanks to that, I'm now treated like a hunting dog who gets all the dirty work.
In the end...
I was pretty useless in there, wasn't I?
No, you were quite helpful.
Enforcers can't walk around outside without an accompanying Inspector.
But that's...
We talked about this, right?
After you bring Enforcers to the site,
all you need to do is keep an eye on them to make sure they don't slack off,
That's all you need to do.
In other words, you're telling me not to do anything, right?
Can I join you, Ms. Inspector?
Sure.
I thought you were already off duty today.
We Enforcers are prisoners, you know.
Even when we're off duty, there's nowhere else we can go besides the CID floor and our quarters.
Well, sorry about earlier.
I got kinda carried away.
As you can see, all the other women
who work here are scary as hell, so...
I'm just glad that a cute girl like you joined the CID, Akane.
Oh, can I call you Akane?
Yeah, sure.
But hell, an Inspector with the Public Safety Bureau? Crazy place to work, right?
Why here?
Do you think I'm not suited for it?
After what happened yesterday, anyone would probably think that way.
Sibyl's Judgment of my job aptitude
exceeded the Bureau's employment standards, so here I am.
That's the thing I don't get.
If you passed the Bureau's standards,
you must've gotten a good ranking for other places too, right?
Couldn't you have picked a different job?
Yeah.
I got an A ranking for all thirteen ministries and agencies, not to mention six companies.
What?
S-Seriously?
Yeah. But...
For all the other jobs, there were at least one or two people besides me
who got the same ranking.
I was the only one who got an A ranking for the Public Safety Bureau.
There were more than 500 students and I was the only one.
So I thought that there must have been something that only I could do at the Bureau.
If I went there, I thought I could find my purpose in life...
I thought I'd be able to find out why I was born here and now.
Do you think I'm wrong?
I don't know. What makes you think that someone like me would have any idea?
You could become anything.
You could choose any kind of life.
You've even agonized over it, right?
That's incredible.
You're just like those people from the days before Sibyl was created.
Nowadays, the Sibyl System reads your talent
and tells you the way of living that will bring you the most happiness.
And yet, you're talking about your purpose in life?
The reason you were born?
I never even imagined there were people who stressed over things like that!
I was flagged in a Psycho-Pass test when I was five.
I've been a latent criminal ever since.
No possibility for rehabilitation through treatment.
That's why I'm here now.
And I'd much rather be one of the Bureau's hunting dogs
and take on assassination jobs than spend the rest of my life in an isolation facility.
That was the only choice I had.
I wasn't planning to be mean to you or anything,
but I changed my mind. So I'll ask you again.
Why did you become an Inspector?
I'm so sorry!
You don't see many Inspectors who'd apologize to an Enforcer.
I guess you're angry, right?
That was your decision.
I have no right to complain.
Was my decision wrong?
Did I just stand in everyone's way and put them in danger?
I've been an Enforcer for a long time.
The hunting dogs' behavior of following orders to take down prey with neither hesitation nor doubt
is ingrained in my hands.
I just followed that gun's orders,
and shot many latent criminals.
It was for the good of society, I told myself.
It was easier to just accept that logic without question,
and past a certain point I didn't even think about it anymore.
I didn't even think to look back at myself and what I was doing.
I was a fool.
Being a detective isn't about bringing people down.
It's supposed to be about protecting people.
Kougami...
You decided what was right on your own.
You were able to put justice before your duty.
With a boss like you, I might be able to work as a detective, not just a dog.
Thank you very much!
You also don't see many Inspectors who'd bow to an Enforcer.
If you had time to think about it with a level head,
you would've tried not to shoot her, right?
I don't know.
I didn't hesitate at the time.
I thought I'd die if I hesitated.
I thought, I don't want to die in a place like this.
I cannot die here, no matter what!
That one thought consumed me.
I have unfinished business to take care of.
There's something I have to settle no matter what!
Kougami!
So, you're saying that you made the right decision at the time?
Is that your conclusion, Inspector Tsunemori?
Yes. Her Crime Coefficient was only temporarily elevated.
In fact, the therapy she's receiving after being taken into custody is going well,
and her Psycho-Pass is recovering.
Kougami, is there anything you want to say?
No. Inspector Tsunemori fulfilled her duty.
That is all.
It seems all fairy tales are dead
It seems all fairy tales are dead
In a hospital ward of brick stones
my voice is too coarse to sing
Outside in the foggy haze
a red moon glows
Look at me
Do not avert your gaze
Behind black bars
I was born
I wish there were a punishment for evil
Always I need you
Now, grant us justice
before chaos takes us all
Pay the price of fate and let us go together,
nameless beasts
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
