We're about to enter Tokyo airspace. Three minutes until the drop point.
Open the hatch.
This route can only be used once.
There are no second chances. Got that?
That's supposed to be Tokyo?
You want us to break your granddaughter out?
Yes. The leader of the Ming Hua Group,
the largest conglomerate in Shanghai,
is in love with her.
He says that, in exchange for her,
he'll negotiate with the Association of Asian Nations on my behalf.
In other words, you're talking about a marriage of convenience?
I never imagined this day would come.
To think I'd witness first-hand
what it's like when a nation declines.
I'll secure the escape route.
We'll meet up in 36 hours.
Good luck!
Thanks!
The reality of the destruction around us fills our mind
The raging rain sounds like a storm of tears
that your eyes were given to you to acknowledge others,
that your eyes were given to you to acknowledge others,
that your eyes were given to you to acknowledge others,
that your eyes were given to you to acknowledge others,
that your eyes were given to you to acknowledge others,
that your voice was given to you to tell others how you feel
All living things
bear witness to my song
Your heart contains all its truth
Even when all you see in your path are storms
remember that your strength is no coincidence
Man, Tokyo's changed a lot in such a short time...
Kn-Knock it off!
We're the ones who found this!
Stay back!
They're stealing vaccines from each other?
That's... a Void?!
We're looking for new recruits for a certain project.
If you swear your allegiance to President Ou ma,
we'll grant you the right to live.
President Ouma...?
They're a Secret Service!
Why?!
Shall we do her, Nanba?
Her Void's bound to be trash anyway.
Agreed.
That's far enough, cake-eaters.
Don't go showing off by using a girl who doesn't even know how to disengage the safety!
An enemy?
Hold on, Miyabi.
That emblem... Could he be a member of the Undertakers?
What if I am?
You mean...
The one running this school right now is Shu?
I can't believe this... he's just Shu.
That was rude.
Now, now.
Sorry. She pretty much idolizes the president.
Idolizes...?
Secret Service members Takarada Ritsu and Herikawa Miyabi.
We've brought a guest.
What does the Resonance Gauge say?
Her number's higher than you'd think.
I see.
This one might be a good find, Shu.
Shu?!
I can't draw out her Void like that.
Make her look at me.
Congratulations. You're Rank A.
I want you to work hard for this school.
Rank... A?
Me?
Hey, Shu!
Ah. It's been a long time, Argo.
I'm glad you're all right.
This is a pretty elaborate setup you have here.
There's a possibility the government is introducing a new genomic weapon.
Genomic weapon?
Yes. One of the students fell victim to it a few days ago.
By the way...
Wasn't the student council president a girl named Arisa Kuhouin?
Do you have business with her?
I'm under orders from her grandfather to bring her back outside.
So, where is she?
I'm sorry, but Shu has a full schedule.
Can we walk and talk?
Sure, fine by me.
What are they doing?
Look.
It's an army transport ship abandoned during the confusion resulting from the sealing of Tokyo.
It has vaccine and ammunition inside.
And you're scavenging them.
Pretty miserly...
Whoa, hey!
They're all symptomatic!
These parts won't hold out.
Work something out.
It's okay.
If they do their work, they can get injections before they hit Stage II.
That's...!
Squad leader.
Yes, Sir!
You're not fulfilling your quota.
I'd like to know why.
I'm afraid that the symptomatic students aren't able to work at their max
We've got trouble! It's pump 12!
Whose is it?!
Tamadate Souta, from 2-A!
Do we have a spare?
No, they're all in use!
No choice, then.
We have that medical oxygen tank we salvaged, right?
Get that.
Wait.
His diving suit should have a small emergency tank, am I right?
If he uses that, he should be able to cut the hose and escape.
There's a switch on the helmet.
He has to figure it out for himself.
So don't interfere.
What?!
You're just gonna let him die?!
You're scum!
Hurry up and help him!
We can't go around wasting resources on a Rank F.
What was that, little Void Prince?!
Don't come any closer.
Do you understand the situation? If Shu becomes symptomatic, it's all over.
Hey, cut the bullshit, Shu!
Argo! You're going to ignore my orders?!
Damn straight, you dumbass!
You're just Shu, so don't order me around like some big-shot!
Argo...
We're currently planning an escape from Tokyo.
To do that, we need everyone to work together toward the goal.
There are no exceptions.
What about these guys, then?
Why are you discriminating against them?
We're distinguishing.
Under these circumstances, we can't afford to be egalitarian.
And we won't be handing over Kuhouin.
She has an exceptional Void.
Not to mention, there's no way we'd let one person escape alone.
Please swear obedience to me.
Or else...
Do what you want.
The way you are now, I'd die of the cancer before I ever obeyed you.
Restrain him.
Yes, Sir.
Inori, you've switched to doing whatever Shu wants now?
No. This was my choice.
Put a watch on Kuhouin, just in case.
Yes, Sir.
Damn, he pisses me off!
Who the hell does Shu think he is?!
Acting like an arrogant little shit...
There was a girl who died.
That you, Tsugumi?
Aye.
Long time no see, Argo.
I'd heard that you joined up with Tennozu, but...
Is Ayase with you?
Nay.
The moment Aya heard that you'd been captured...
What do you think you're doing?
The rules say that's what happens when someone disobeys my orders.
It'd set a bad example if I made an exception just because he used to be one of my own.
I get that you're hurting because Hare died, but what you've done is just...
You get it?
You read people's hearts that easily, huh?
I'm glad no one else is around.
If anyone had seen that,
I would've had to punish you, Rank S or not.
He's totally messed up.
Why's everyone going along with this?
To put it simply, it's fear.
The stress from the red line steadily closing in,
fear of the Apocalypse Virus,
and the rampant violence and looting...
Against that backdrop, the power of the Voids is just too clear-cut.
When Shu decided to become king, it took less than a second.
A kingdom by the Voids and for the Voids...
That's what this school is right now.
Damn it!
Hey, Mana...
She's collecting your shards with all he's got right now.
It looks like he's finally started to fulfill his potential.
It's not enough, though.
More...
We have to keep up the pressure.
It's going according to plan, then.
As the line advances, it appears many youth are joining forces with Tennozu.
They're collecting Voids, aren't they?
First, you surprised me with the Ghost unit, and now this.
Your motherly love is quite harsh, isn't it, Dr. Ouma?
I'm only doing what's necessary,
as the one carrying out his... Kurosu's wishes.
You're still here?
Address any complaints to the Void Prince, please.
I heard a member of the Undertakers was captured.
I believe that I have the right to interview him.
The prince is nervous about what you're up to.
If you get too meddlesome, you'll be taken down for real.
But I can protect you.
Never underestimate a Kuhouin.
Hey, Yahiro... Did Hare really die because of a new weapon?
Yes. Why do you ask?
There's a rumor.
They're saying maybe Hare died because her Void was...
Watch what you say.
If you hear anyone spreading those lies, you tell me.
Got it?
What should I do, Hare?
Everyone's changing!
I suppose to everyone else, I look like a selfish tyrant.
Does it hurt?
It's not like I'm doing this to be popular.
It's to get everyone safely out of Tokyo.
That's why I can't stop. Or else Hare will have...
She'll have died for nothing.
All I need is you, Inori.
As long as you're here with me...
You really want me?
Shu?
I'm sorry, Sir!
The member of the Undertakers we had in custody has escaped!
Can I assume Arisa's in her dorm?
Well, she normally is. But if you're going to make a move, tell me first!
To fool your enemies, you must first fool your allies.
What's the point of tricking us?!
Things are a mess here thanks to you!
Bear with me, Aya!
If you get carried away and rush out there now, you'll just get captured by the Secret Service.
Samukawa to the Secret Service.
The prisoner's on the loose. Capture him ASAP.
You two search the area around Schoolhouse 2.
Yes, Sir!
Inori, you look for Kuhouin. Argo might make contact with her.
You... You joined the Secret Service?
He ran toward the gym!
Follow me!
Yes, Sir!
That's far enough, Argo!
You're a cornered rat.
Give up and surrender.
Well, well. For a second there I thought you had guys showing yourself,
but you brought Voids for insurance.
Maybe you think wearing that thing makes you like Gai,
but you're not even close, you poser!
We'll fight one-on-one. If you lose, your little King act...
ends here and now!
Too bad, Void Prince!
Argo!
How the hell did you wind up like this?
We really liked that pale-faced weakling struggling with all his might thing you had going!
You try doing this, then.
If you think there's some other way to keep everyone safe in this situation, then tell me!
Get away from Shu!
You?
I'm not as soft as Shu.
Surrender! Now!
No way...
This can't be...
Stop it...
I don't...
This is Samukawa.
Secure a perimeter around the gym and arrest anyone within 30 meters, regardless of rank.
This gym is to be sealed off, effective immediately.
Yahiro...
There was nothing wrong with that girl,
but she died anyway.
Was it because her Void broke?
We can't know that for sure.
I'm certain of it!
You lied to me.
You told me a genomic weapon killed Hare.
What now?
A kingdom centered around Voids lives side by side with death!
There's no going back now.
I knew you'd hesitate to use Voids if you found out.
But if our current system collapses, all of us will end up dead.
We have to keep going.
We have to keep the truth from everyone until we begin our operation.
Got it?
What the hell are you saying?!
Stop using Voids right now!
If you start a war like this, you have no idea how many will die!
Don't listen to him, he's crazy!
Come on, open your eyes!
You're right...
Shu!
Shu
If I break this, Argo will die.
I have to tell everyone as soon as possible!
I can't believe Voids are...
I found you.
You...
You didn't hold up your end.
I assume we can forget about the deal.
I suppose there's no choice.
Please leave Japan as soon as you can.
There's trouble brewing on the Pacific.
It's finally time, then.
I doubt Shu'll ever forgive me for this.
