It looks like the power consumption in this tower is mostly concentrated...
in two areas.
The top floor and the basement.
I wonder which one has what we're looking for.
There's a radio tower on the rooftop,
so the large power consumption there is to be expected.
However, it seems details on the facilities below are unavailable, even from this terminal.
The map here only covers down to the fourth level of the basement.
However, as you might recall, the early blueprints showed the basement as having twenty floors.
Something's definitely up.
Hm?
What's the matter?
A vehicle from the Bureau is already on its way here.
Kougami Shinya, of course.
That doesn't surprise me.
Let's split up.
I'll go upstairs. You go downstairs.
Are you sure? From what we know, it's bound to be in the basement.
Kougami will come after me.
Therefore, it makes more sense if I draw him away.
Choe Gu-Sung, I have high expectations for you.
Understood. Please leave it to me.
Well, then. It would seem that this party is finally approaching its conclusion.
I would like to show
Cut open my skull
Look into my head
I don't know why I'm so harsh
I can't be so brash
I'm going to crash
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
Again
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
So it goes
Again
16: The Gate to Judgment
Bingo. Makishima Shougo!
What are you after in the Ministry of Welfare's Nona Tower?
The communications terminal has been cut off!
Hey, Shion.
How's it going over there?
This place is about to become a war zone.
Is it possible to check the Nona Tower's security cameras from the Public Safety Bureau?
The Ministry of Welfare is a high-ranking organization, you know.
So you can't do it?
If it's okay to use the back door, I can do it,
but I don't want to be held responsible for this later.
Understood.
I'll take full responsibility.
Got that on tape.
Okay. I'll use the key to the back door.
The next thing we have to do is call Gino, Inspector.
So you're absolutely sure?
Shion's currently tracking them to confirm whether it's Makishima.
But we know for sure that an armed group has broken into the Nona Tower.
The Tower has been compromised and its electronics and communications systems have been isolated.
Considering that they broke straight in through the front entrance,
it's clear that the security system can't handle this kind of intrusion.
Understood, Inspector Tsunemori.
Also, can you hear me, Kougami, Kagari?
Yep.
The riots are still in full force, so we of Division 1 will deal with the incident at the Tower.
Now, listen.
If Makishima is really there...
Capture Makishima Shougo.
Apprehend him.
We need to interrogate him.
Make sure you capture him alive.
I'll try.
Trying's not good enough!
I need you to do it!
What's the matter?
Well... Nothing, really.
Should we wait for Gino and the others to arrive?
That's not funny.
Yeah, I guess not.
But this tower is too big for the three of us to investigate alone.
It'll be fine.
We've got an expert at information analysis.
Yeah, the very best there is.
Hey, are you boys talking about me?
We might be. How's it going?
I'm accessing all of Nona Tower's security cameras from the lab here at the Bureau.
The enemy has split into two groups.
Four men upstairs, four downstairs.
Where's Makishima?
He's upstairs.
He just got off the elevator at the top floor.
Makishima Shougo Shibata Yukimori
The top floor?
Not the government office floor?
Right. They went straight to the antenna block.
I wonder if they're trying to hijack the radio signal or something.
Their target isn't the Ministry of Welfare?
So who headed downstairs?
I'm not sure. They went down to the fourth level of the basement, then disappeared.
I wonder if they went through the maintenance hatch and entered a utility tunnel or something.
What the heck? That seems fishy.
Let's go, Inspector.
We'll follow Makishima.
But what about downstairs?
I'll go.
But then it'll be one versus four.
It'll still be two versus four for you guys, right?
And since Makishima's there, wouldn't upstairs be more dangerous?
Okay!
Kagari!
Hm?
Don't do anything reckless!
I don't need you to tell me that, Ko!
Analyst, can we use this elevator?
No. It's locked down.
I can't unlock it from here, either.
Dammit!
What about the stairs?
They're on the 90th floor!
Hold on a sec.
There it is!
The service elevators that transport Drones
run on a separate system than those at the Tower's center.
They're still operational!
Can you give us directions?
Okay!
Turn right at the hallway ahead.
That's where I lost track of them on the security camera videos.
What's there?
Well... According to the blueprints, it's just a dead end.
It might be some sort of trap. Be careful.
Yeah, yeah.
What's that?
Shion, the basement should only have four floors, right?
That's how it's supposed to be.
I don't like this. This really isn't my kind of scene.
I really don't like this.
Shinya.
This should go without saying,
but don't even think about using the EMP grenades near the radio tower.
If I did, Gino would kill me himself.
So how are you gonna deal with those helmets they're wearing?
Since Akane's with you, you can't use your Dominators.
That's why I picked one of them up and brought it with me.
When someone's wearing this, their Crime Coefficient can't be read.
In other words, if Inspector Tsunemori wears this,
they won't be able to copy her Psycho-Pass to their own helmets.
I see.
Putting that aside, though...
What on Earth could Makishima be after?
Makishima is a decoy.
The one who'll do the job is probably headed to the basement.
Otherwise, it wouldn't make much sense for them to have split up.
There's a mysterious facility that doesn't even have security cameras in the basement, right?
Yeah, but I haven't heard a thing from Shu since he went down there,
so I have no idea what's going on.
Makishima and the others must have some idea of what this facility really is.
Then... why...
Our priority isn't to stop him from achieving his goal, but to drive him into a corner.
Right?
Shion, I'm telling you, this place is seriously bad news.
I wanna get out of here.
Shion?
Communication error.
System link cannot be established.
Hey, this isn't funny!
You friggin' bastard!
How's it going there?
Did you kill him?
Sorry. Your friend met an unfortunate accident.
Oh, really?
Not bad.
You're an Enforcer from the Bureau, right?
Who are you?
Why don't we have a little talk?
This entire basement is designed to block electromagnetic radiation.
Only those of us who are inside can communicate with each other.
Your Dominator doesn't work either, does it?
Even if you had an Inspector there with you, you wouldn't have to worry about being shot.
No matter what you said or did, they couldn't do anything to stop you.
How does it feel?
To finally have your freedom again?
It's a bit hard to enjoy being free in this cramped dungeon, you know?
Soon we'll have freedom in the outside world too.
If we destroy the Sibyl System,
this crazy world will be overturned from its very foundations.
Hey, hey, are you serious?
This isn't a joke.
Behind the door that I'm facing right now is the core of the Sibyl System.
What?!
You and I are the same.
We're latent criminals.
I live like a rat, sneaking from hole to hole,
and you live like a disposable hunting dog wearing a collar.
Hey, tell me what you really think.
How do you feel when you see those who took everything away from us,
those who treated us like scum, killing each other all over town?
Don't you think it serves them right?
Yeah, I completely agree.
To be honest, I was pleased.
No matter where I went, I was treated like a murderous animal.
But now it's they who are the animals.
I wonder what goes through their minds as they feel their friends' blood splatter all over them.
Then...
Don't get me wrong, you slimy bastard!
Sibyl is a load of shit, but you guys reek just as badly.
Who do you think you are, manipulating others
and talking about whether to let them live or die?!
If Sibyl is God, then who are you supposed to be? The Devil?
Don't make me laugh!
We're just human refuse who can do nothing but envy the happiness others have.
I don't care if thousands of citizens in this damn town end up dying.
But I can't stand the idea of the guys who're making them kill each other getting off scot-free.
You should be the first to die!
You should die over and over, once for each person you killed!
You've killed many latent criminals yourself, have you not?
Enforcer, how many times will you have to die?
Well, if I really do end up in Hell the first time, I'm sure the man in charge can tell me.
And here I thought we could become friends.
My friends are fighting your boss upstairs.
In other words, I won't betray them.
I'll come over and kill you as soon as I can.
Though, if you've got some time to spare,
it'd be nice if you could destroy Sibyl before I get there.
That way, the two things I hate most will disappear from this world at the same time.
I'll try my best, though the security on this last door is proving hard to crack.
Makishima is in the very back of the top floor, by the emergency stairway!
There are no security cameras around there, so I can't help you!
That info is more than enough.
Crime Coefficient is 24.
Not a target for enforcement action.
What?!
The trigger will be locked.
Inspector?!
I'm okay.
But why didn't the Dominator work?
How careless of me. Makishima's here.
His Psycho-Pass is being copied to their helmets.
So I was wearing one for nothing, huh?
Once I stop the bleeding, I'll catch up with you.
Please go on ahead!
But you're...
Don't let Makishima get away!
That's an order!
Shit!
You fought quite well, considering your wounds.
You are Kougami Shinya.
You are Makishima Shougo!
Crime Coefficient is 0.
Justice is subject to dispute; might is easily recognized and is not disputed.
So we cannot give might to justice.
Sorry, but I have long since learned, as a measure of elementary hygiene,
to be on guard when anyone quotes Pascal.
I knew you'd say that.
That's Ortega, right?
If you'd quoted Pascal, I would've said the same words to you.
Finding something we agree on doesn't really make me happy.
I'd love to talk the night away with you,
but unfortunately I'm rather preoccupied at the moment.
That's not my problem.
I'll kill you right here, right now.
I'm surprised to hear those words from a detective.
There's no one else pulling your strings.
All the other small-timers are just being manipulated by you.
There'll be time to investigate the truth behind this case after I kill you.
You know, the last time we met, I could've finished you off as you lay dying.
Don't you feel you owe me something for letting you live?
Sorry, but you might end up regretting that decision!
Don't you want to know the truth about the Sibyl System?!
That can wait!
I had hoped this would end in a less disappointing manner.
Even so, for the first time in a long while, I was able to leave my daily tedium behind.
I appreciate it.
Kougami!
Inspector...
Kill him.
Makishima Shougo.
You're under arrest.
What the hell is this?!
This is the true form of the Sibyl System!
We don't even have to destroy this.
If we make this public, it'll be the end of this country.
And this time, people will riot for real.
No one will be able to stop them!
Target's Threat Judgment has been updated.
Enforcement mode is Lethal Eliminator.
Aim carefully and eliminate the target.
Ch-Chief?!
You're...
Enforcement mode is Non-Lethal Paralyzer.
Aim calmly... and bring... the...
Oh, gimme a break... This bites.
There's no way I could love anyone,
There's no way I could love anyone,
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
The world may not have
The world may not have
ended yesterday after all,
ended yesterday after all,
but we will not budge
but we will not budge
from where we are
from where we are
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
I receive no reply
I receive no reply
I never do
I never do
Are you still here?
Are you still here?
You'll never walk alone
You'll never walk alone
I walk with you
I walk with you
I will share all your sins
I will share all your sins
Together with you
Together with you
I walk
I walk
a trackless path
a trackless path
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
