Fukiyama Daigo
To Be Transferred
My head is full of things
My head is full of things
that I can never tell anybody of
that I can never tell anybody of
In this perfect world
In this perfect world
I roam, a lost being
I roam, a lost being
The impossible is holding sway over me
The impossible is holding sway over me
All I know of the world is what I can see
All I know of the world is what I can see
Is that enough to find its faults?
Is that enough to find its faults?
Artificial, artificial
Artificial, artificial
Hey, how can they stay so sane?
Hey, how can they stay so sane?
This is their artificial world
This is their artificial world
In this beautiful world
In this beautiful world
there is something
there is something
that obscures all light for me
that obscures all light for me
My heart tries to make sense of it
My heart tries to make sense of it
and finds no answer
and finds no answer
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret image for you
Secret image for you
Don't show me a dark future
Don't show me a dark future
with this gaudy land
with this gaudy land
Show me a way to fade
Show me a way to fade
The victim is Shioyama Daisuke, twenty-seven years old.
He worked at the Hachiouji Drone Factory.
His body was found at precisely 4 AM.
They said he was dismembered by a Drone he was testing.
Do you think... it was an accident?
I heard that this is already the third casualty in the past year at this factory.
It's clearly unusual.
The body was found in the Drones' behavior inspection section,
the only manned area in the otherwise automated production line.
There are about fifty debuggers working there around the clock.
Is that a live-in job?
There are over 1000 Drones
that need to be evaluated and verified each month.
They have no choice but to work around the clock.
If you can install a program that induces a malfunction in a Drone before it's tested,
there's a good chance you can make it look like an accident.
Which means...
This could be a murder case.
But if there are only fifty suspects,
can't we just check everyone's Crime Coefficient?
Well, it's not that simple.
03: Rearing Conventions
Inspector Ginoza...
What is it?
I feel like I'll be able to get along well with the Enforcers.
Do you mean you'll get along with them as a colleague?
Or as their handler?
They say that fools learn from their experiences,
while the wise learn from history.
I hope you're not a fool.
I'd like to see where it happened.
Of course. This way, please.
We do a safety check and a test run here after the Drones are built.
We depend on machines for all the other processes,
but the final check still needs to be done by humans, as it's always been.
As you can see, it's dangerous work.
It's hard on the debuggers, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
In fact, there aren't many ways to deal with stress here, unlike in the outside world.
You can't connect to the net, so there's not much in the way of diversions.
Is this place offline?
We're not wired for it,
and this building itself is an anechoic chamber,
so there's no way to access outside communications networks here.
This is the most efficient security system against hacking.
How horrifying.
A totally isolated area, huh?
The body was already taken away by a Drone during the initial response.
However, I'm told it was all recorded on this disk.
It's like his body was dissected by the Drone while he was still alive.
Nasty.
Did the victim, Mr. Shioyama, have anyone with a grudge against him?
Shioy ama Dai suke
Shioy ama Dai suke
Blood Type
Blood Type
Height: Weight:
Height: Weight:
No, he didn't.
He was a model employee.
His Psycho-Pass showed no indication of any problems.
It must have been an accident.
But this is the third incident of this kind. Don't you think that's a few too many?
As I told you earlier, this is a dangerous work environment.
If you have any criticisms regarding our management, we're all ears,
but please air those concerns through the appropriate channels.
What about the Drone that went out of control?
I'm having it sent to headquarters.
We'll have to wait for Karanomori to complete her analysis,
but I was told that its memory, including the backup, is gone.
We probably shouldn't expect much.
For now, head back to the car and forward this to headquarters.
I have a few more things to talk about with Chief Goda.
Okay.
These are the Psycho-Passes for all staff within this facility.
These records contain the results of our detailed periodic checks
along with the Hue Assessments by the scanners installed in the building.
Thank you.
As you can see for yourself,
there are no staff members who continuously exceeded the regulation value.
Even if you suspect murder, there's no suspect to be found.
We won't know that until we analyze this data using the Sibyl System.
That will take some time.
But there's an easier way to check.
Oh? Like what?
We can use our Dominators.
Please have all the staff come outside the anechoic chamber
and let us check them using our devices.
But that'll disrupt our operations.
People's lives are at stake here.
If you can provide evidence that Shioyama's death was a murder,
we will certainly cooperate with you.
But as things stand, we have no choice but to consider this an accident.
If you want to investigate our staff even to the point of disrupting production,
please file a request with the Ministry of Economy first.
I bet Nobuchika's trying to put some pressure on that chief right now.
What a pain.
What do you mean?
You saw the documents too, right?
This is a government facility under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Economy.
And government offices always look out for their own bottom lines.
So they don't want anyone interfering enough to cause a drop in productivity.
Even though someone lost their life?
That's exactly why they want it to be declared an accident as soon as possible.
But their scanner hasn't actually detected anyone dangerous, right?
Well, who knows?
The best these scanners can do is measure a person's stress patterns by performing a Hue Assessment.
If you want to actually compute a person's mental state based on the cymatic scan data
in order to check their job aptitude and Crime Coefficient,
you need to wait in line for an analysis by the Sibyl System.
However, our Dominators are able to cut in line, so to speak, and request an analysis immediately.
That's why they can see right through someone's mind
with no time lag as soon as you point the gun at them.
But...
Hold it in your hand.
User authentication: Inspector Tsunemori Akane.
Dominator usage approval confirmed.
Communication error.
System link cannot be established.
Since this facility blocks all electromagnetic radiation,
we won't be able to connect to the Sibyl System while inside.
And without that, your Dominator's basically just scrap iron.
Nothing but a glorified paperweight.
I wonder what the chances are.
You mean the chance that his death was an accident?
No kidding.
If your intuition didn't tell you that the moment you saw him, you're no detective.
I'm sure all the Enforcers had a gut feeling.
That was a murder. No doubt about it.
I wonder what the motive was.
Based on the victim's condition, I'm guessing...
it was a grudge.
Man, this place must really suck to work at.
I can't imagine being stuck in an offline environment in this day and age.
But the Psycho-Pass Hues for the workers here are rather stable.
No matter where you are, people find ways to entertain themselv
How's it going?
Did you find anything suspicious?
No. The data you gave us showed nothing unusual
Hey, yellow-green.
Gonna have lunch in your fancy private room again today?
What are they doing? That's terrible!
Oh, that. You can just leave them be.
Huh?
These things happen often.
Since this is an environment with few diversions,
we need someone to keep the others entertained, you know?
But isn't he...
If his Psycho-Pass gets cloudy enough to be an issue,
we'll assign him somewhere else right away.
As I told you,
we take great care in managing the psychological state of our employees.
This man has his own role to play, same as anyone else.
Sibyl might've recommended this workplace to him
because he was best suited for this purpose.
And I guess someone like you, who can laugh and turn a blind eye,
is best suited to run this place.
What a blessing the Sibyl System is, huh?
Are you okay?
Th-Thank you.
If what that chief guy said is true,
there's always one person whose Hue Check gets worse over time.
And this person is later transferred somewhere else without exception.
However, no one has been reassigned for the past year.
The deaths start happening a year ago, right?
And for that past year, the same person has been the target of bullying.
The data clearly indicates it.
Other people's Psycho-Passes show clear colors,
but there's one person whose Psycho-Pass is clouded.
Ah! Kanehara Yuji. This Hue Assessment shows yellow-green.
Birthdate
Age
Sex
Blood Type
Height Weight
Division: 2nd System Investigation Dept.
I see. That explains his nickname.
Seems like the Hue Assessment results are open to everyone here.
This is crazy.
But this guy's latest measurement shows an improved Hue.
In fact, his Hue was the cloudiest...
on the day before Shioyama died.
Can't be... That doesn't make sense.
Why would a person's Psycho-Pass improve after killing someone?
The other employees
have all been taking out their stress on Kanehara himself.
It's not that strange when you think about it.
Back in the days when we didn't have cymatic scans,
these sorts of incidents weren't that uncommon.
Get real!
Is this more of that detective's intuition you're always talking about?
You're just deluding yourself!
It proves that latent criminals like you are the dregs of society!
We can't act on some speculation based on circumstantial evidence.
Our job...
is to maintain an orderly society based on the Crime Coefficients judged by Sibyl.
The kind of order where three people die in one year?
Gino, leave it to me.
I'll find out whether Kanehara is the killer.
I'll have conclusive evidence before you kn
Enough already!
Inspector Ginoza, may I speak to you?
I agree with them.
I'd rather try Kougami's plan than risk letting a crime go unsolved.
Are you serious?
You're the one who's acting strange here!
Did something happen between you and Masaoka?
I see. So you've decided to be a fool after all.
You may be new, but you're still an Inspector.
Inspector Ginoza...
Since you insist on being a fool, you should try learning through experience like one.
That's the fastest route to understanding things.
Did something happen between Ginoza and Masaoka?
Wait, Akane, don't tell me you seriously asked Gino that to his face?!
You really shouldn't have brought that up.
What?
So we have a total of 200 meters' worth of communication cables, huh?
The furthest they'll reach is the elevator hall on the second floor.
Can you bring Kanehara out there?
I'll do my best.
Um...
You're just gonna talk to him, right?
Yeah.
So this is where you were, you yellow-green bastard!
Does your food taste better with blood on your hands?
Well? Does it?!
Shioyama, Asami, and Koriyama...
You killed them all, didn't you?!
Wh-Why are you saying that?
As long as you confine yourself in here, we can't prove your guilt.
But I hate your stinkin' guts all the same!
There's nothing we Enforcers like more than putting other latent criminals in their place.
So we're gonna keep you holed up in this factory like the rat you are.
We'll spread word all over the net
that Kanehara Yuji is a killer whose Psycho-Pass is clouded.
D-Don't!
Oops. This place is out of service range. Oh well.
I'm just gonna head over to the entrance for a bit.
You can just sit there, trembling on your hands and knees,
and wait as we tear your miserable life to pieces all around you!
Wh-What're you doing?!
Kougami!
Now we'll know for sure if Kanehara is someone who's capable of murder.
He doesn't have time to prepare anything in advance.
If he wants to kill me right away, he'll do it the same way he did before.
When he does, we can prove his crime.
Th-That's crazy!
Service Search Mgmt
Security Cameras
Navigation Search Results
G Terminal Information
Camera Search Mgmt
BT Hands
If he's innocent, we'll be able to get out safely.
And we'll all live happily ever after.
Inspector... which would you bet on?
I can't...
You brought this on yourselves.
There's our answer, Inspector.
Once you're gone, my Hue can be cleansed!
Run!
I won't let you get away.
I'll never let you get away.
I'll kill you, right here and now!
Dammit!
Why... Why would you do something so reckless?!
This is about finding the truth behind a matter of life and death!
Of course we'd need to put our lives in the line!
Go faster! We're not gonna make it!
You don't have to tell me that!
This is the place.
We've already caught the criminal red-handed! We need to call for backup and...
Suppression System, online.
Kougami!
You assholes!
User authentication: Enforcer Kougami Shinya.
Crime Coefficient is 265.
He's a target for enforcement action.
Kougami!
Target's Threat Judgement has been updated.
Enforcement mode is Destroy Decomposer.
Target will be completely eliminated.
Please exercise caution.
Hey, Ko!
As always, the Dominators kick ass when they get serious.
He said that he wanted to be a detective, not just a hunting dog.
But the look in his eyes...
was unmistakably...
that of a carnivore which had cornered its prey.
It seems all fairy tales are dead
It seems all fairy tales are dead
In a hospital ward of brick stones
my voice is too coarse to sing
Outside in the foggy haze
a red moon glows
Look at me
Do not avert your gaze
Behind black bars
I was born
I wish there were a punishment for evil
Always I need you
Now, grant us justice
before chaos takes us all
Pay the price of fate and let us go together,
nameless beasts
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
