Shit!
You fought quite well, considering your wounds.
They must have realized it the moment they set eyes on each other.
That this destiny had awaited them since long before they had even met.
They were not like mere ships passing in the night.
They understood each other better than anyone else,
and each was focused solely on the other.
You are Kougami Shinya.
You are Makishima Shougo!
01: Crime Coefficient
This is the Criminal Investigation Department, part of the Public Safety Bureau.
Access to this block is currently restricted to ensure safety.
All residents of this neighborhood are expected to evacuate immediately.
I repeat.
This is the Criminal Investigation Department, part of the Public Safety Bureau.
Access to this block is currently restricted to ensure safety.
I-I'm sorry!
All residents of this neighborhood are expected to evacuate immediately.
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Inspector
Excuse me! Are you Inspector Ginoza?
That's me.
You've got rotten luck, having to deal with an incident right after getting posted.
I'm Tsunemori Akane. I've been assigned to the CID as of today.
Pleased to meet
Sorry, but the CID is very short on manpower.
So you'll have to hit the ground running.
Our target is Okura Nobuo.
A street scanner flagged him while doing a Hue Check,
so a Security Drone ordered him to receive therapy,
but he refused and ran.
The Psycho-Pass it recorded for him was forest green.
His aggression and compulsion are expected to be high.
Why would he avoid treatment long enough for his Hue to get this cloudy?
It's also possible that he used incompatible drugs.
In any case, he's a latent criminal; one far enough gone that we don't need to wait for Sibyl Judgement.
The problem is that the place Okura ran to...
is this block.
Since this is an abolition block, there's no relay device, so Drones can't come in.
In addition...
I heard Okura abducted a passerby and is holding her hostage.
A hostage?!
According to a witness, it's a young woman.
We haven't been able to confirm her identity yet.
What about evacuating the residents?
Records state this is an uninhabited block,
but because of that, it's become a den of homeless people.
Be prepared.
A paddy wagon...
Don't think that the guys you're about to meet are human like us.
Their Psycho-Pass Crime Coefficients all exceed a specific value.
They are people of bankrupt character.
Normally, they would be completely isolated as latent criminals.
However, they're allowed into the outside world for the sole purpose
of flushing out criminals just like themselves.
They're hunting dogs.
They're beasts used to hunt beasts.
They're what we call Enforcers.
They'll be your subordinates.
Is that cutie the newbie that everyone's been talking about, Gino?
This is Inspector Tsunemori Akane.
Starting today, she's your second owner.
P-Pleased to meet you!
You guys all looked through the target's data, right?
We're gonna tighten the noose around our cornered rat.
We'll divide into two groups and take turns.
Kunizuka and Kagari, come with me.
The other two...
will accompany Inspector Tsunemori.
Roger.
What?! I wanna go with the cutie!
Geez, no comeback? He's unbelievable.
It wasn't funny, that's why.
Later!
Well... Um... What should I do?
You could order us to stand by.
We wouldn't have any problems with that.
You oughta earn your paycheck, pops.
Hey, don't look so nervous, young lady.
You know how to use a Dominator, right?
I-I did receive training on it, more or less...
This is a gun that reads the Psycho-Pass of the target you're aiming at.
Its safety is released only when the target is a latent criminal.
You can just do what the Dominator tells you.
If it says shoot, just shoot.
Just shoot?
If it's set to basic mode, it'll use Paralyzer.
It'll only paralyze the target, so we'll take them into custody and that'll be that.
Well, you don't have to take it too seriously.
Dominator Portable Psychological Diagnosis and Suppression System
has been activated.
User authentication: Inspector Tsunemori Akane.
Affiliation: Public Safety Bureau, Criminal Investigation Department.
Dominator usage approval confirmed.
You are a valid user.
Oh, that.
The current enforcement mode is Non-Lethal Paralyzer.
It's a directional voice, so only the holder of the gun can hear it.
Don't worry about it.
Aim calmly and disable the target.
It might be annoying at first, but you'll get used to it soon.
What about a briefing?
Aren't we going to have a meeting and come up with a plan?
We'll hunt the prey and you'll observe.
That's all there is to it.
Um, could you go into a bit more detail?
What he's saying is, leave it to us.
We might not look like it, but we're experts.
We have our own way of doing things.
But the one who's responsible for our actions is you, the Inspector.
So if you have a problem with the way I do things,
use that gun to shoot me.
Wha...
We're latent criminals too, just like the target.
The Dominator will work on us as well.
Oh, we haven't introduced ourselves yet.
That stubborn fool is Kougami Shinya.
And I'm Masaoka Tomomi.
Looking forward to working with you, young lady.
Y-Yes...
Well then, shall we go?
Up until today, I did everything by the book.
I spent my whole life walking on eggshells,
trying my hardest not to upset or bother anyone.
And yet, I get flagged by one little detector and boom!
They already treat me like I'm a criminal.
This is it for me. Now that it's come to this, it's all over.
I'll never be able to get a job, get married, or anything else.
Well, fine then.
I've restrained myself all this time.
So now, I'll just do whatever I want. I'll take whatever I want.
I'll kill anyone I don't like!
P-Please don't.
I've always wanted...
to have sex with a pretty woman like you.
With a real, flesh-and-blood woman, not a virtual one.
Kantou Chinese Restaurant
Kantou Chinese Restaurant
I wonder where Kougami went.
Crime Coefficient is under by 60.
Not a target for enforcement action.
The trigger will be locked.
Crime Coefficient is over by 120.
An Enforcer registered at the Criminal Investigation Department.
This target has Enforce At Will status.
The safety will be released.
So he really is a latent criminal...
And yet, he seemed pretty normal.
I've heard rumors about you.
They say you were the top student at the academy.
Well, kinda...
I'll give you some friendly advice.
Just forget everything you learned there.
None of that stuff is any use when you're actually working on a case.
Sounds irrational, right?
Get used to it. Our work's full of things that defy all logic.
People's thoughts, wishes, hopes and desires...
We live in a time where technology can read everything in your mind,
and yet, the world teems with people who hate, lie, steal, and try to harm others.
If that's not irrational, then what is it?
Everything you've been taught is based on theories and logic.
Soon, you'll likely come to realize how pointless they are.
Well, at least be prepared.
This is Hound 4.
I found the target on the fourth floor of the KT Building. What are your orders?
Stay there and keep an eye on him.
Hound 2 and I will box him in.
Okay.
But considering how worked up he is,
the girl he took as a hostage may be at the end of her rope.
Should I go in by myself and secure him?
Okay. Don't mess it up.
Roger.
Crime Coefficient is over by 190.
He's a target for enforcement action.
The safety will be released.
My, my... What a bad boy.
Kagari! What are you doing?
The Paralyzer isn't working!
He's on stimulants or something!
The target's Threat Judgement has been updated.
Enforcement mode is Lethal Eliminator.
Shit!
Well I'll be.
Th-This is...
An Oracle by the Sibyl System.
It says that Okura Nobuo is no longer someone who's needed in this world.
Oh no... All this because he was detected by a street scanner?
He probably drove himself into a corner.
Nothing, not even therapy, will work on him anymore.
The judgment on him is that there's no room for rehabilitation.
It's unfortunate that your first case had to be such an unpleasant one, young lady.
My Psycho-Pass has become so cloudy that it looks like mud.
What's more, your Psycho-Pass looks just like mine now.
You and I are alike.
If they catch you, it'll be all over for you too.
You'll be tortured by them as a latent criminal for the rest of your life.
We'd better resolve this quickly or it'll be all over for the hostage.
It's a Psycho-Hazard, right?
Yeah. A Crime Coefficient can be contagious.
Young people these days aren't good at dealing with stress,
so they're easily affected by violent urges and compulsions.
I wrote a thesis on that topic.
Let me tell you one thing, young lady. It could happen to any of us.
The reason we were made Enforcers in the first place is...
Stop right there!
Stay back!
Drop your guns!
Step back!
Die!
Wh-What the hell is this?!
My deepest sympathies.
This is Hound 3. Enforcement completed.
Using an old man and a newbie as a decoy, eh?
You sure got cojones, don't you, Ko?
Just earning my paycheck, pops.
We're with the Public Safety Bureau.
You're safe now. Please rest at ease.
Calm down!
We came to rescue you!
No... No...
Don't...
Please don't...
Masaoka...
Young lady...
check her with your gun.
Crime Coefficient is over by 160.
She's a target for enforcement action.
Well, I guess we have no choice.
Stop it!
No! Nooo!
The hell's wrong with you?!
We should be protecting her!
That's exactly why the Paralyzer exists!
We'll put her to sleep right away and take her into custody!
She's just confused!
You don't have to use violence on her!
Listen. The Dominators are Sibyl's eyes.
This town's system itself has decided that she's a threat!
Think about what that means!
So you'd shoot a victim who hasn't even committed a crime yet?!
I can't accept that!
Stay away... Don't come any closer.
Stop it already...
I-I said stay away!
Kougami!
Please don't.
Please!
She's the victim here!
Target's Threat Judgement has been updated.
Enforcement mode is Lethal Eliminator.
Aim carefully and eliminate the target.
No...
Don't!
Please stop.
Throw that lighter away.
Or... this gun will kill you.
Please! I want to help you!
So throw that lighter away.
Target's Threat Judgement has been updated.
Enforcement mode is Non-Lethal Paralyzer.
Aim calmly and bring the target under control.
Inspector Tsunemori.
I'll expect you to thoroughly explain your handling of this situation in your report.
This newbie we got sure is a piece of work.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
