Sorry.
What?
What gives, Yahiro?
What gives?!
Ouma?
What a good friend you have.
No, Inori.
But...
Those are Gai's orders.
I'm not going to apologize.
This is an insane, unfair world.
Ouma, I have a question for you.
Close-fitting underwear or tights.
Sometimes called spats or caleCon.
Eight letters long.
What do you think it is?
I don't know.
Why?
I got duped.
I was stupid.
I was so stupid.
It's leggings!
Okay, leggings...
I hate leaving blank spaces in my puzzles, you see.
So I'd like you to help fill in a few blanks for me.
I've prepared a room you can think quietly in, though it's a bit small.
What? Shu was taken by GHQ?!
Why him?!
It surprised me too, so I confirmed it with the teacher,
but we still don't know anything...
Shu...
For real?
This can't be real!
Sounds like he's in trouble.
Try doing a search on it!
You brought in Dr. Ouma's son?
Yes. I detained him on suspected ties to Undertaker.
Have I offended you, Sir?
That's not why I called. What's your impression?
Guilty. There's no doubt he's tied to them somehow.
These are presents from Samukawa.
This is Tsutsugami Gai, the leader of Undertaker.
What could a boy like you be doing in a place like that,
talking to someone like him?
Ask Gai that.
Hey, Ouma.
The food here isn't very good, I must say.
I hadn't eaten those soft processed noodles since the school lunch line.
Think that over carefully before you say anything.
As you can see, he's staying silent,
but considering that he calls their presumed leader by his first name
despite displaying none of the ideological fixation typical of terrorists,
it appears he's no ordinary member.
In short, he's a mystery.
Take a look at this, Major Segai.
It was sent to multiple news portals seven minutes ago.
Tomorrow, Undertaker will raid GHQ's Isolation Facility Four.
Resistance is futile.
We will rescue our comrade without fail.
My, my, an advance notice of their crime?
Sir, I just had an idea.
Circumstances have changed.
I believe I'll go ahead and tell you everything.
Apologies for these elaborate precautions.
Since we're currently in a state of emergency,
we're forced to tighten security on a certain prisoner underneath that tower.
But I'll save the details for later.
For now, there's something I'd like you to see.
This is our isolation ward.
This entire facility was originally built for the sake of this ward.
And the reason Samukawa sold you out is here as well.
He is not an addict.
Sugar was a Norma Gene dealer.
He was inside the Roppongi blockade that day to make a deal.
You see, he desperately needed to make money.
Look down there, and you'll see why.
What is this place?
Yahiro?
Who's that sleeping there?
He's Yahiro's younger brother. His name is Samukawa Jun.
Is it your first time seeing that?
It's what an Apocalyse Virus patient looks like when he reaches Stage IV.
Among other things, this is a cutting-edge facility for providing relief
to those who were infected in an unforeseen accident
or developed symptoms because the vaccine didn't agree with them.
Ten years ago, the Apocalypse Virus pandemic
and the violent riot that arose from it, Lost Christmas,
spread disorder throughout this country.
We at GHQ managed to successfully bring the outbreak under control
with the vaccine we later developed,
and the world successfully regained a measure of order at last.
That is why I can't forgive Undertaker
for trying to disturb the order we're desperately working to protect.
Ouma, I don't understand.
Why would a smart boy like you trample on our goodwill?
Goodwill, you said?
What kind of goodwill was that?
What are you referring to?
I mean, people were killed right in front of me! By you people!
The people in that fort are unregistered citizens.
They also refuse regular inoculations.
You could call it a hotbed of contagion.
And that makes it okay to kill them?!
Our soldiers were killed, too.
They have hometowns, just like you.
Do you think they wanted to die on foreign soil?
But Gai said we were doing that to save the people in the fort!
Then why is he trying to free a mass murderer?
The man behind the Sky Tree bombing, Kido Kenji.
Undertaker has declared that they will take him from us by force.
Him, not you.
Ouma, I'll tell you a little secret.
Beware of people who tell you to believe in yourself.
This is a transmitter.
When you're with Tsutsugami Gai,
please press the blue button twice, and then the red one once.
We will come to mete out the appropriate punishment on him
No matter where they may be.
Miss Yuzuriha Inori...
She's a famous musician on the web, it seems.
I wonder if she's being deceived by Tsutsugami Gai as well...
If you refuse us, I'll be forced to ask for her help next.
Blooming wildflower...
I beg you, please tell me,
Why do people fight and hurt each other?
Say, Funell... why do I feel cold?
Would Shu know?
Get out here. You've got a meeting with your lawyer.
Hi there, Shu.
Nice to meet you.
Your mother hired me to be your lawyer. The name's Mason.
You don't have to worry about a thing now.
Gai
Let's get right down to business.
Aye! Beginning hack of the main system.
This place never gives us much time, you see, so we have to hurry.
Give me three minutes.
So, are you ready to talk?
I've got the cameras and mikes off you.
Start anytime.
All right, everyone stand by.
What an ordeal for you! You must've been so scared.
But everything's fine now.
Just leave everything to me, and I'll get you out of here for sure.
How pathetic.
You're saying I'm stupid, I know. My question is, why are you here?
A certain person is being confined here.
We're going to break him out.
Kido Kenji, the murderer?
That's right.
Ogumo and the others are about to attack.
Kido's in solitary confinement underground.
Once you leave here, meet up with him immediately and draw out his Void.
Thirty seconds later
Don't just assume I'll obey you!
I'm not one of your people!
Did they say something to you?
Who was it? Galty, the chief?
Gai. Why are you fighting? What's it for?!
Why are you asking me that?
Answer me, Gai! You haven't told me a single
Attention all personnel-
The system has gone down due to an attack from an outside hacker.
We are currently rebooting from a backup array.
I repeat...
Begin the operation.
Your turn, Gumi!
Roger.
Engage the anti-air defenses! Get the Endlaves out there!
Aya! Enemy units activated!
Roger. I'm all set to go.
Angle and direction, good. Can you do it, Ayase?
Any time.
There's no time. Decide.
Are you going to move, or come to a standstill again?
Shu?
Inori?
Thank goodness!
Hang on, I'm coming.
You're coming... here?
I thought I ordered you to stand by! Why are you doing this?!
Gai, I've located Inori.
She broke into the facility solo.
She's downloaded the coordinates of Shu's cell!
She must intend to rescue him!
What? But I'm in this room!
No good. She's shut off her communicator.
And the tower's defenses are super beefed up right now!
The interview's over! Get back to your cell pronto!
Wait! Hey!
That idiot.
Don't move! If you resi
Tsugumi, connect me with Shibungi.
Aye-aye!
I've been waiting for you, Gai.
I'm about to send Ayase in to assist your escape.
We have an unexpected situation here.
I'm changing our strategy.
I'll secure Kido on my own.
That's too reckless, Gai.
Ayase, you come in as planned. I need you to back up Shu and Inori.
Roger. Shibungi, I'm launching Steiner!
Shu, Inori, please just sit still!
Hurry up!
Gai, Kido's started moving.
This is our chance. Send me his position!
Aye-aye!
Secured escapee. Currently checking his number. Request immediate
What did you do to Inori?
What do you mean?
You must've done something, otherwise she'd never disobey Gai's orders!
The whole operation's screwed up thanks to you!
If something happens to Gai, I swear I'll never forgive you!
Major, we have a message from the head of Isolation Facility Four.
We'll protect the facility on our own. Don't interfere.
Understood. All right, I'm going out for a bit.
Er, Sir, they said not to interfere...
And I won't, of course.
I'm just going to watch. That's all.
Your big brother will protect you no matter what.
Sleep tight and don't worry, Jun.
Sorry, but go hide for a second!
Kido Kenji...
A gun?
Behind you!
What is this?
Oh! So his power is...
You caught on, eh? Kido Kenji's Void has the power to manipulate gravity.
There's no end to them. They just won't quit!
Dammit... there are too many!
You've got no chance! Surrender!
Shu!
Inori!
Hey! Halt!
Work, damn it!
Inori!
Shu.
Inori!
Inori... can I believe in you?
Don't get in the way, please.
Beautiful!
If you're looking for Kido, he's right here.
I see. Ayase, collect him.
Y-Yes, Sir!
What will you do?
Are you with us,
or are you not?
If you can't decide, then believe in me.
Entrust me with everything. But obey my orders.
All right.
I'll come with you.
Let's go.
These days you love me no more
nor am I still treasured by you
Now I am all alone
What did you tell me when we parted?
The words hung in midair and never reached me
I know my dreams and wishes are illusory
and yet I cannot give up on them
You said, Don't let go, hold onto my hand
and, We will always be together
Your hands as I held them were warm
and tender
I'm yours
I'm yours
I'm yours
and tries to hurt you with cruel words,
even if the world does not try to believe you
and places a crown of thorns upon your head,
I can take your side, and yours alone
I know your pain and loneliness
So everything that makes me whole
I'll give that to you now
