There's no way I could love anyone,
There's no way I could love anyone,
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
The world may not have
The world may not have
ended yesterday after all,
ended yesterday after all,
but we will not budge
but we will not budge
from where we are
from where we are
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
I receive no reply
I receive no reply
I never do
I never do
Are you still here?
Are you still here?
a trackless path
a trackless path
Please proceed inside. Watch your step.
Where are you taking me?
What you're about to see is the brain of this world, as well as its heart.
The heart of the world?
I would like to show
Cut open my skull
Look into my head
I don't know why I'm so harsh
I can't be so brash
I'm going to crash
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
Again
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
So it goes
Again
20: Where Justice Lies
The food we eat every day is all thanks to this remarkable technology,
and yet, so many citizens are unaware of it, aren't they?
Indeed. These days, the world is full of people who take the blessings of science for granted.
You don't see many young people like yourself take an interest in it these days.
I hear that you were a pioneer in establishing the food system that Japan enjoys today.
It's quite regrettable to see you forgotten in your retirement.
What I'm interested in is the Uka-no-Mitama defense virus's slipshod security system.
Hm?
It may be a benign virus, but it's designed to attack whatever target is defined in its genetic configuration.
Therefore, it's possible to reconfigure the virus to attack the oats themselves instead of pests.
Uka-no-Mitama will transform from a god of fertility, bringing good harvests, to a demon who brings death.
Wh-What are you...
On top of that, the control center that handles the configuration and distribution of the virus
was originally converted from a lab in a closed-down university.
The facility predates the use of cymatic scans for security.
Its security system uses numeric passwords or, at best, biometric scans.
Since you were once in charge there, I should be able to break in easily with your help.
Right, Professor Kudama?
This is the truth behind the Sibyl System. Behind us.
Did Kagari die here?
Did you kill him?
We compared and considered the contributions Kagari Shuusei would make to society throughout his life
against the risk of him revealing the secret of the Sibyl System,
and decided that the risks outweighed the benefits.
Don't be ridiculous!
Who are you to decide his worth?
You couldn't even judge Makishima!
You're simply useless!
You are right.
The appearance of criminally asymptomatic people, whom the Sibyl System cannot analyze, is inevitable.
No matter how intricate and robust a system you build,
a certain number of irregularities that deviate from it are bound to appear.
And you call that a perfect system?!
This is the system that decides whether people live or die?
If we simply add to the functionality and complexity of the system, we can never expect it to be perfect.
Therefore, we have no choice
but to resolve the contradictions by altering the system's management as opposed to its functionality.
By permitting the appearance of irregularities we cannot manage and taking measures to coexist,
the system achieves perfection in a practical sense.
What do you mean by that?
We can entrust the management of the system to those who deviate from the system.
That is the most logical conclusion.
When we used to have individual personalities and bodies,
we were all asymptomatic persons who deviated from the management of the Sibyl System.
In fact, there are many among us who acted far more cruelly than Makishima.
Then are you saying...
that Sibyl is a monster formed from evil people's brains that has been running the world?!
In order to establish an absolute system, it is necessary to reject relative valuations such as good or evil.
All that is needed is a perfect, infallible system.
Who manages it and how it is managed are irrelevant.
That's nonsense!
In a truly perfect system, its operator's will is not questioned.
Our will itself is the system and the universal standard of value that transcends ethics.
Don't be ridiculous!
Just who do you think you are?!
It is true that each and every one of us previously exhibited numerous problems with our personalities.
However, by integrating our minds, we have been able to operate in harmony, attaining a universal standard.
The more prejudiced and peculiar the orientations of the individuals who comprise the system,
the more new ideas and values they bring to our perception,
and the more flexible and diversified our thinking becomes.
In that regard, Makishima Shougo's idiosyncrasy is quite valuable and as such,
we have high hopes that he will become an especially useful member.
We have attained a logical society in which various contradictions and inequalities are resolved.
Is that not the ultimate happiness sought by the rational human mind?
By achieving an absolutely perfect system, Sibyl has come to embody that ideal.
Why are you telling me all this?
At this point in time, you detest us emotionally and hate us instinctively.
And yet, you still cannot deny the Sibyl System's significance and necessity.
You accept the fact that the current social order cannot be maintained without Sibyl.
You value its necessity above its justifiability,
and we highly value your standards.
You killed Kagari in order to keep your secrets!
Tsunemori Akane possesses a sense of purpose that is shared by the Sibyl System.
Hence, we deemed the possibility that you'd reveal our secrets and endanger the system negligibly small.
Don't treat me like a fool!
You are... You are...!
Let me ask you once again.
Tsunemori Akane, do you wish for a world without the Sibyl System?
That's right. You try to nod, but then you hesitate.
Your own ideals are not clear and well-defined enough to deny the social order achieved at this point.
You recognize that the current peaceful society and harmony
achieved through law, order, and public well-being are more important than anything else.
Hence, no matter how much you hate the Sibyl System, or how much you wish to bring it down,
you cannot bring yourself to reject the system on which all those things are built.
Don't talk like you know everything.
On the contrary, by analyzing your reactions via cymatic scans, it is easy to grasp your character.
Please cease this futile posturing and let us discuss the matter in earnest.
The goal of this meeting is to establish a collaborative relationship.
Collaborative?
CID Division 1 is currently in a state of crisis.
Due to Kougami Shinya's recklessness and Ginoza Nobuchika's breakdown,
the team is starting to show signs of dysfunction.
Unless a new leader takes the initiative in the investigation,
we cannot expect success in tracking down Makishima Shougo.
Inspector Ginoza's... breakdown?
Tsunemori Akane. Because you were caught in an unnecessary inner conflict,
you have not been able to exhibit your potential capability either.
Your lack of understanding of the situation has clouded your judgment.
That is why we decided to make an exception and reveal to you the truth behind the Sibyl System.
We decided that telling you the truth would be the best way to motivate you.
Tsunemori Akane...
You also disagree with Kougami Shinya taking Makishima Shougo's punishment into his own hands.
You and we both wish to prevent pointless deaths caused by unchecked emotions.
I only want Makishima's crimes to be judged in a fair and just way.
Those among you who broke the law in the past also need to atone for their crimes.
Our contributions to society are more than enough compensation for the damages we caused in the past.
Isn't that convenient?
Only three minutes left until my future's decided for me.
This sucks.
Did you do that terribly on the final exam, Yuki?
I couldn't have done worse. I wonder what kind of job I'll end up with...
If we were living in the days before Sibyl existed, it'd be luck of the draw whether we ended up happy or not.
So this is a lot better than the old days, at least.
I envy you. You're likely to end up with multiple aptitudes, Kaori.
You can just pick and choose the employer you want.
I'm still nowhere near as good as Akane.
Did you see what her score was like?
700 points. I can't believe it.
Well, you know, I've always been lucky when it comes to exams.
With your exam results and Psycho-Pass, Akane...
Yeah, you've got a bright future ahead of you.
I-I do?
Ah! It's here!
Whoa... My rank is C...
I knew this would happen, but I'm still shocked.
Mine are all office jobs. It'll be tough to work my way up from there.
Hey, what did you get, Akane?
Let me see, let me see!
Whoa! Amazing! You've got the necessary aptitude to work in any of the central ministries!
Wow. That score really is amazing.
You could even work at the Public Safety Bureau!
B-But... If I've been recommended all these places, how do I know which one is right for me?
How can I decide?
I don't know. What makes you think that someone like me would have any idea?
You could become anything.
You could choose any kind of life.
You've even agonized over it, right?
That's incredible.
You're just like those old folk who lived in the days before Sibyl was created.
Yeah, it's incredible, isn't it?
Everyone used to fumble around, blindly choosing what they were going to do.
I can't believe that was once our natural way of life.
Nowadays, the Sibyl System reads your talent
and tells you the way of living that will bring you the most happiness.
And yet, you're talking about your purpose in life?
The reason you were born?
I never even imagined there were people who stressed over things like that!
Yeah, it's tough to deal with. It's always weighing me down.
But... now I feel...
that being able to worry about those things is what makes me happy.
I think the only time people really have value is when they act according to their own will.
So I've asked many people about their true, repressed desires and observed their actions all this time.
Yeah. I think now I can understand how you feel, if only a little.
How do you define crime to start with?
With the Dominator you're holding?
Does the Sibyl System that governs that gun decide it?
That's wrong, isn't it?
That was the mistake in the first place.
By analyzing a bio-organism's force field read by a cymatic scan,
they figure out how a person's mind works.
Science finally discovered the secret behind the human soul,
and this society changed drastically as a result.
However, people's wills are not part of that assessment.
I wonder just what sort of criteria you use to divide people into good and evil.
It's not the final judgment of good or evil that's important.
What matters is that you come to that decision yourself. That you agonize over it and eventually accept it.
I want to bear witness to the splendor of man's soul.
I want to find out once and for all whether it is truly something worth admiring.
However, when humans base their lives around Sybil's Oracle, without ever considering what they really want,
do they really hold any value?
How could they not?
Are you saying you can decide if someone has value?
That you can judge the worth of their family and friends?
How can you determine the value of happiness you've never felt?!
It was fun and easy. I didn't experience any hardship at all.
Someone else always took care of everything for me, and I never even asked myself what was important.
Say, Akane, do you think I was still happy that way?
You could have become happy.
You could have searched for the answer anytime.
Anyone can do it, as long as they're alive.
Hello. Tsunemori speaking.
Where the hell did you wander off to in a crisis like this?
Ah, well...
The Chief ordered me to deliver something to the Ministry of Welfare.
There was a murder in Ichikawa.
Kougami's prints have been found at the site. Come here immediately.
Okay. I'll be right over.
Sibyl System, you can hear me, can't you?
There's something I want in return for what you asked of me.
Please state your request.
If I bring Makishima Shougo to you, alive, you will guarantee Kougami Shinya's life in return.
Withdraw his execution order.
Those two things are not logically equivalent.
I don't care about your logic.
If Kougami can't be saved, then I'll let Makishima die as well.
If push comes to shove, I'll kill him with my own hands.
What are you going to do if I don't obey you?
Feel free to kill me just like you killed Kagari.
But then you'll have to go find yourself another pawn you think you can use.
Understood.
We will make an exception for Kougami Shinya, but only once Makishima Shougo is captured alive.
It's a promise, okay?
Hey.
What took you so long?
I'm sorry. What happened here?
Local residents reported seeing someone with that helmet,
so we asked around a bit.
Then we found out that this house, and only this house, had been broken into.
So we rushed in, only to find this.
The victim's name is Kudama Nobuaki.
He used to work for a lab belonging to the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry,
but he retired quite a long time ago and lived as an ordinary pensioner.
The house appears to have been ransacked. We've found Kougami's prints.
But why would he do this?
From the wound on his neck...
Makishima Shougo might have done this.
Maybe this old man had something to do with the next stage of Makishima's plan.
Kougami figured it out and hurried over here, but he was too late.
Kougami really is one step ahead of us, isn't he?
Even so, what possible reason could Makishima have to kill this geezer?
It's hard to investigate a crime scene that's already been turned inside out.
What do you think Kougami's highest priority would be right now?
Preventing Makishima from getting away, right?
Then what would his second highest priority be?
Staying out of our reach until he can kill Makishima, I guess.
Yes. Let's think about things in that order.
What if Kougami, who got here before us, had hidden the body somewhere hard to find?
While Kudama Nobuaki remained missing,
we would have continued on a wild goose chase,
giving Kougami more of a lead.
It would've been the best way for him to buy some time.
But he didn't do it.
Kougami isn't the overconfident type.
He'd account for the possibility that he might fail,
and leave clues that others could use to stop Makishima.
The question is when we'll pick up on them.
He's testing us.
Testing our determination to pursue Makishima against his own.
If you lack that determination, you'll end up stuck here while he goes on ahead.
Perform a scan focused on the victim's throat and eyes.
Is there anything there?
A foreign, metallic object has been detected inside the victim's airway.
Gloves.
H-Hey, you should leave this to Forensics.
That would only increase Kougami's lead.
If we want to catch up with him, we have to do this right now.
Rinse it.
It's an audio recording.
This is Kougami, former Enforcer.
I'm leaving this message for the Bureau's detectives when they turn up.
Damn him!
The victim is Kudama Nobuaki, a former Doctor of Agricultural Sciences.
He was in charge of the development of the Uka-no-Mitama virus,
a disease countermeasure for hyper-oats.
He was considered to be the biggest contributor to Japan's achievement of complete food autonomy.
Makishima Shougo met with Professor Kudama to learn how to destroy the granary in Hokuriku
and then killed him.
He gouged out the eyeballs from the victim's skull and cut off all his fingers at their second joints.
He may have needed them in order to break through some form of security.
Kudama's old laboratory is an antiquated facility with biometric-based security instead of the newer cymatic scans.
It's located at Izumo University, and the lack of security stands out.
This lab is currently used as the control center for the Uka-no-Mitama virus.
I think that's Makishima's target.
He plans to destroy the whole granary?
Does he intend to commit bio-terrorism all on his own?
Let's hurry. We still have time.
You'll never walk alone
You'll never walk alone
I walk with you
I walk with you
I will share all your sins
I will share all your sins
Together with you
Together with you
I walk
I walk
I will stay with you
I will stay with you
Hold me in your arms
Hold me in your arms
Hold me as tight as you can
Hold me as tight as you can
I could wish for anything
I could wish for anything
All alone with you
All alone with you
Well then... Shall I get started?
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
