Um, may I help you?
Give me the medicine written on this note.
I'm afraid we can't give you this one.
Psychotropic substances are available to you only at authorized facilities
and require a prescription along with your biological data
Y-You don't get it, do you?
Someone! Someone, help!
N-No one's coming to help you.
Hand over the goddamn medicine!
This is the Criminal Investigation Department, part of the Public Safety Bureau.
Access to this area is currently restricted to ensure safety.
To those who are passing by, please do not stop...
Hey.
Whoa!
I think I know what's going through your head right now.
Kougami...
But for the time being, let's just focus on the case in front of us.
Okay.
What's going on here?
Well... the crime itself is pretty straightforward.
The culprit just waltzed right in through the entrance, killed the staff,
helped himself to whatever substances he wanted,
and then calmly strolled out through those doors.
The security camera recorded the whole thing.
Someone! Someone, help!
What the hell's with that helmet?
N-No one's coming to help you.
Anyone'd think he looked suspicious.
Just looking suspicious isn't enough to set off the security.
From the time he entered the store,
his Psycho-Pass showed a normal value and his Hue was clear.
This was all logged by the scanner.
So he's just like that Makishima guy?
He can kill while keeping his Psycho-Pass normal.
This helmet is probably the key.
It must have had some means of deceiving the cymatic scan.
That Makishima guy who got the jump on Inspector Tsunemori
might have used a similar device.
But is a helmet like that all that's needed to fake one's Psycho-Pass?
I could understand if all it did was block the cymatic scan.
But of course, that alone wouldn't get them through security
because if someone who can't be scanned passes through,
an alarm would go off right away.
The problem is that the scanner detected the intruder's Psycho-Pass,
and assessed his Hue as that of a good citizen who wouldn't hurt a fly.
Do you think he cracked the system?
That's not possible.
The crime took place in a short span of time and appeared not to be premeditated.
It'd be impossible for someone to alter the data without leaving any trace.
The current security system
is based around the assumption that a cymatic scan is reliable.
That's why, if someone's Psycho-Pass checks out,
it allows them through on the assumption that there's no way they could cause trouble.
Even when actual assaults and thefts are committed,
the Drones' AI routines don't have the ability to identify them as crimes.
Since everyone gets a Psycho-Pass scan, their judgement is solely based on that.
There are no longer any means left for dealing with crimes like this...
in this town.
Yeah, exactly.
So I told him, That's not my job, right?
After that, he got this really stupid look on his face!
Wh-What do you want?
I have detected that you are experiencing a great deal of stress.
I recommend you seek immediate mental care from a specialized medical facility.
Are you distressed?
The Ministry of Welfare's Urban Service helps everyone live a healthy life.
If there's someone who's been injured or has suddenly become unwell,
would you like to request an ambulance from the nearest emergency hospital?
If so, be aware you will be charged an uninsured service fee at a later date.
This is good. Real brutal stuff.
In the olden days, people physically locked their front doors as a matter of course
because doubting others was the basis for maintaining order.
Is that from one of Masaoka's stories about the past?
Yeah. I heard it from that old man.
We no longer have to operate on the assumption that other people cannot be trusted.
You know that those strangers you see on the street are all safe, good citizens,
because they've all had their Psycho-Passes verified.
This society maintains its order based on that assumption.
Just like that helmet-wearing man,
if people find out that there's a way to deceive the cymatic scan,
there's no way to avoid a panic.
Or if they announce the existence of people like Makishima Shougo...
What's the matter?
An Area Stress Level warning has been issued in Setagaya ward.
But more importantly than that,
an almost unbelievable video has been uploaded onto the net.
Look.
What the hell is this?!
It's begun.
What is that? What's happening?
Makishima's behind this crime.
I'd put money on it.
Though...
What does this world define as crime to begin with?
Ko... What's on your mind?
This is no ordinary crime.
It's more like...
something that shakes the very foundation of our society.
Whoa! This is crazy...
So when they said that they were gonna demo it, they were serious.
Shall we go?
So they managed to elevate the Area Stress Level this much in so little time...
So far, so good.
This will work.
The plan doesn't have to be revised.
That's silly.
It's just one person killing another. That's all.
Nothing really serious has happened yet.
The really serious stuff is yet to come.
Hey... You're the only one I've told the entire plan to.
I'm counting on you.
This is the Criminal Investigation Department, part of the Public Safety Bureau.
Access to this area is currently restricted to ensure safety.
The victim's name was...Fujii Hiroko.
To think that it happened right in the middle of a busy street...
To those who are passing by, please do not stop.
What on Earth has happened to this town?
Do you think it's the same perpetrator as the pharmacy attack?
It's very likely.
Even so, all the people that were here...
What were they, scarecrows?!
The witnesses' testimonies are all very similar.
They said they couldn't understand what was going on.
I don't think we can blame them.
The idea of someone being killed right before their eyes...
They couldn't even dream up something like that. It simply wouldn't occur to them.
All these people have lived up until now without ever even considering...
that something like this could happen.
In the end, no one reported the incident,
and the Area Stress Level warning was what revealed the anomaly.
And it wasn't just people who overlooked it.
The crime was committed right in front of a Psycho-Pass scanner, of all things.
So the culprit's Hue was also monitored in real time?
This is it.
So once again, it remained normal all the way through? Unbelievable.
Even at the instant he strikes her, it shows only a small change.
Again, any possibility that the value itself could be faked?
No.
It's not possible to fabricate a Psycho-Pass reading
unless he's dragging around a supercomputer with him or something.
No...
Something's off about this reading.
Well, that much is obvious.
No, I mean...
It's too much like an onlooker's reaction.
Look at this.
Here's the change in the Area Stress Level.
It's going up and down in exactly the same way as the perpetrator's Hue.
Ah, you're right.
This means...
that his mental state was exactly the same as the witnesses'.
I wonder if they'll be able to see through the trick right away.
In truth, it is quite a simple one.
It's also not without its limits.
I think the effective range is about thirty meters.
But as long as there's just one person with a clear Hue within that range,
it doesn't matter what you're thinking inside the helmet or what you do.
It's probably only a matter of time before the CID notice...
that there was another person at the scene with the exact same Hue.
That is, if they verify the scan data of everyone who was there.
Inspectors, another emergency situation has arisen.
What is it this time?!
Apparently, an armored car was attacked on the freeway.
An armored car?
Shion... They were wearing helmets as well, right?
Well done! You're right. There were three of them.
All armed with shop tools.
This is a separate incident from the earlier one.
How should we go after them?
We'll split in two.
Kagari. Kunizuka. Come with me.
Alrighty.
Okay.
You guys keep looking for the perp from the pharmacy attack.
We'll go after the armored car.
So it's an armed robbery, huh?
If this thing doesn't work on them,
aren't we going in unarmed, Gino?
Focus on what needs to be done! Let's go!
But why is the culprit doing things like this in the first place?
Hm?
Why? Well, because...
What's the matter?
How stupid of us.
Since the crimes are so unusual, they look like random attacks,
but what about the victim in the second incident?
They wouldn't have been attacked so viciously unless the killer had a motive.
What is it now? Can't they tell I'm busy?!
I want you to check something.
I'm already checking all sorts of things right now.
Just give me a minute.
I'm asking you because I know you're the best at this.
Now, now, flattery will get you everywhere.
What is it, then?
The victim, Fujii Hiroko... Did she get into any trouble in the past?
Nothing big enough to be recorded, as far as I can tell.
Did she know anyone who hadn't gone outside for a long time?
Someone who hadn't gone outside?
Someone who probably would've been sent to therapy right away
if he'd been caught by the street scanners.
I see.
How about this guy?
Itoh Junmei... one of her colleagues.
He's been out sick for about two weeks, so he's been ordered to receive health care.
He lives in Tsurumaki.
It's not that far.
Is he out?
Bingo.
If this is the state of mind he's been in lately,
no wonder he couldn't go outside his apartment.
Crime Coefficient is 32.
An Inspector registered at the CID.
W-We have to go after him!
Inspector!
What's your Crime Coefficient?
Huh?!
Crime Coefficient is 32.
An Inspector registered at the CID.
Warning: Any rebellious conduct by Enforcers will be recorded and reported to headquarters.
I get it now.
I figured out the secret to this magic trick!
Shion!
Are there any blocks in this area with no people around?
What is it all of a sudden?!
What's going on?!
The perpetrator can copy the Psycho-Pass of anyone who's near him!
The helmet itself is performing a cymatic scan on other people.
I see... Then if we can clear people from that scanning range...
That helmet will just be a lump of metal. Hurry!
Let's see...
There's a storage building four blocks ahead of you.
It's fully automated, so there are no workers.
We'll chase him there.
Call out any nearby Drones and lead them there!
Okay!
You heard the plan, pops!
Go around and cut him off!
Okay!
And, Inspector!
Keep your distance from Itoh!
Otherwise we'll have the same problem as before.
O-Okay!
Attention please.
This is the Criminal Investigation Department, part of the Public Safety Bureau. At this time...
This is the Criminal Investigation Department, part of the Public Safety Bureau.
At this time, the road is closed due to an emergency situation.
Good! Good! Keep it up!
The road is closed due to an emergency situation.
Crime Coefficient is 282.
An Enforcer registered at the CID.
Dammit!
This target has Enforce At Will status.
The safety will be released.
Thanks for that.
282? Hey...
Yeah...
I couldn't help but think about killing this bastard with my bare hands.
How do you feel about someone with your Psycho-Pass being shot?
I'm just glad it didn't activate the Eliminator.
Looks like you had no trouble shaking off your pursuers.
It was a piece of cake.
The Bureau's utterly toothless without their precious Dominators.
That said...
Dude.
You must be out of your mind.
Why would you carry something that valuable around all by yourself?
Didn't you even think about taking precautions?
This was a tool to promote awareness.
To make people realize they should live like human beings, not docile livestock.
Huh?
People have been misled by Sibyl to the point
where they no longer recognize danger, even if it's staring them in the face.
In that sense, you guys are as foolish as those pitiful sheep.
Indeed. It really is...
a terrible shame.
I would like to show
Cut open my skull
Look into my head
I don't know why I'm so harsh
I can't be so brash
I'm going to crash
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
Again
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
So it goes
Again
14: Sweet Poison
Iwakami Yasumi A Revolution Sabotaged Before It Began
Iwakami Yasumi A Revolution Sabotaged Before It Began
There's no way I could love anyone,
There's no way I could love anyone,
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
The world may not have
The world may not have
ended yesterday after all,
ended yesterday after all,
but we will not budge
but we will not budge
from where we are
from where we are
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
I receive no reply
I receive no reply
I never do
I never do
Are you still here?
Are you still here?
You'll never walk alone
You'll never walk alone
I walk with you
I walk with you
I will share all your sins
I will share all your sins
Together with you
Together with you
I walk
I walk
a trackless path
a trackless path
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
