Why did you only choose students within this school for your works of art?
This academy is a girls' boarding school.
What do you think of their education policy, Mr. Makishima?
We were so close.
Ouryou Rikako has already been put on the wanted list.
It's just a matter of time.
She'll disappear.
What?
Come with me. I'd like to talk with you.
What is it? If you have a problem with me, just spit it out.
I'm sorry.
It was me who got emotional. Looks like your culprit was real after all.
Don't worry about it.
If you took everything Enforcers said seriously, you'd be a poor Inspector.
That's how it is, right?
But...
It feels like my quarry's tail just brushed the tip of my nose.
I'm feeling better than I have in a long time, Gino.
My head is full of things
My head is full of things
that I can never tell anybody of
that I can never tell anybody of
In this perfect world
In this perfect world
I roam, a lost being
I roam, a lost being
This world is impossibly hard on me
This world is impossibly hard on me
It's an illusion that plays out before my eyes
It's an illusion that plays out before my eyes
Can I find its faults?
Can I find its faults?
Plastic, all is plastic
Plastic, all is plastic
Nobody is allowed to be insane
Nobody is allowed to be insane
You're made of plastic too, like this beautiful world
You're made of plastic too, like this beautiful world
In this beautiful world
In this beautiful world
there is something
there is something
that obscures all light for me
that obscures all light for me
My heart tries to break out
My heart tries to break out
and finds no answer
and finds no answer
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
Secret kills for you
The secret remains for you
The secret remains for you
Don't show me a dark future
Don't show me a dark future
nor a world of pretense
nor a world of pretense
Keep our motion secret
Keep our motion secret
09: Paradise Fruit
Okay.
Have you decided?
Yep.
Add this outfit to my favorites.
Roger!
Oh! Do you have a date?
I-It's not like that!
Holo team! Use the pattern that we discussed yesterday!
Provided by the Cyberization Health Bureau, Ministry of Welfare
Advanced Medical Treatments of the Future That Will Change Your Life
Okay!
Hmm... I'm not sure...
Isn't it a little too flashy? People might feel it's tacky instead.
Well, we can try some other patterns as well.
How about getting a present for your date?
Also, I could arrange a bouquet to be delivered
Didn't I just say it's not like that?!
Cancel! Delete memory!
As you wish. Speculation circuit will be reset!
Candy, turn on some news.
The Ministry of Welfare uploaded a recommended video.
Then play that one.
Today, we have Mr. Senguji Toyohisa, a pioneer of whole-body cyberization
and chairman of the Teito Network Construction Corporation,
a company that works on underground redevelopment.
Chairman of the Teito Network Construction Corporation
Chairman of the Teito Network Construction Corporation
Senguji Toyohisa
Senguji Toyohisa
Thanks for having me.
The use of cyborg technology for medical purposes is now commonplace.
However, it's still rare to see someone like Chairman Senguji who,
except for his brain and nervous system, is entirely cybernetic.
It's a mystery to me why other people haven't given up those limiting bodies of theirs.
Limiting, you say?
Plato said that our souls were imprisoned in our bodies.
You seem to be in a bad mood already, Kougami.
When I tried to smoke, that thing tried to bite me.
What's your problem?!
What was that about? Geez...
Sorry.
Hmm?
Well, please don't worry about it. I'm curious too, so I don't mind.
I'm finding new pleasures in my life all the time.
I never expected that overcoming aging would lead to such happiness.
It's the kind of thing you can't understand until you have a cybernetic body yourself.
But even with the latest technology,
it's estimated that the brain's lifespan is about 150 years at most.
I hear that we're still quite a ways away from complete cyberization of the brain.
If I take my brain to its limits, I can squeeze a bit more life out of it.
So I'm counting on them to find a breakthrough in the meantime.
I see. If that actually happens, then...
That's right.
The era of immortality will have arrived.
It's said that God created man in his own image.
Isn't it about time for us humans to become a little more like God?
What do you think about gaining eternal youth and immortality by becoming a cyborg?
I'm not interested.
Life as a latent criminal isn't the sort of thing you'd want to go on forever.
But... As society progresses, the rights of latent criminals may improve.
No wonder your Psycho-Pass always manages to stay so clear.
According to a survey,
it seems that a majority of people have answered that they feel reluctant to be more than 50 cyborg.
I do understand the reluctance that those people feel.
In the end, it's a matter of degree.
For example, take yourself.
You're quite the cyborg too.
But I don't use artificial arms, legs, or organs.
You do, however, carry some form of portable information terminal, am I right?
Well, yes... but doesn't everyone?
A costume device, too?
Of course.
And at home, you probably have home automation and an AI secretary.
Yes.
What would happen to you if all the data in those devices was lost due to some kind of disaster or accident?
Well...
I wouldn't be able to do any work until it was restored.
When you entrust so much of your everyday life to those electronic devices,
the argument that you're not a cyborg isn't very convincing.
To you, those portable terminals are already your second brain.
Isn't that right?
It can be said that the history of science is a history of the expansion of the human body's functionality.
In other words, the history of man's cyberization.
That's why it's a matter of degree.
Private Property No Trespassing
Yes?
Hey. It's me, Kougami.
Oh, hold on a sec.
I don't see much environment Holo in use here.
He doesn't like that kind of stuff.
It's been a while, Professor Saiga.
Stop calling me professor. How many years do you think it's been since I quit?
Who's this young lady?
I'm Tsunemori Akane, an Inspector at the Public Safety Bureau. Thanks for seeing me today.
Clinical Psychology Special Lecture A Sibyl Education Investig ation Research Center
Is coffee okay?
Yes.
Ah, yes.
Just as well, since coffee's all I've got.
Inspector Tsunemori Akane...
Yes?
Are you from Chiba prefecture?
Yes, I am.
Your athletic ability isn't bad, and yet...
I wonder why...
Yeah...
I wonder why you can't swim.
What?!
Both of your parents are still alive.
They're worried about their only daughter not finding a boyfriend.
Umm...
They were opposed to you working at the Bureau, too.
And, your grandfather or grandmother...
It must be your grandmother.
She treated you with great affection.
It seems that you're quite the grandma's girl.
It's often true that the more time you spend with the elderly during your childhood,
the better you can get along with Holo Avatar AIs during your adult life.
You fit that pattern, Ms. Tsunemori.
Umm...
You're as sharp as ever, Saiga.
How... did you do that?
Simple observation.
People manifest all sorts of signs unconsciously.
Once you get the knack of it, you can read those signs pretty easily.
Saiga Jouji...
You specialize in clinical psychology.
As I worked as a psychiatric examiner and assisted in investigations and such,
my main focus shifted to criminal research before I knew it.
I have two favors to ask you today.
Ask me anything.
First, I'd like you to give this Inspector an intensive short course.
I'd like to learn about profiling and such.
They say it's an outdated method, but I'm very interested in it.
Or rather, I became interested recently.
I'm a hermit. I actually feel grateful for the opportunity to teach you.
So, what's the other one?
I'd like to see the list of past course attendees that you keep with you.
Is that a request from the Bureau?
No. It's a request from me.
If it was an order, I would've turned it down.
Who are you looking for?
I think this guy must be the worst criminal to have lived since the creation of the Sibyl System.
What do you mean?
He's a high-level white-collar criminal
who most likely keeps himself in good health.
Possessing a unique charisma, he rarely kills people with his own hands.
Rather, he chooses to influence the minds of others.
Much like a music conductor, he orchestrates one crime after another.
Kougami, please explain what charisma is.
I used it to mean the nature of a hero or a ruler.
I'd give that answer... twenty points.
Charisma has three elements.
The nature of a hero or a prophet,
the ability to simply make you feel good when you're around them,
and the intelligence to eloquently talk about all sorts of things.
Of those, which elements does this guy you're looking for have?
I think he has all of them.
This is Shibata Yukimori, an art teacher at Ousou Academy.
Well, that's who he's supposed to be,
but it turns out that he's actually an old man in a nursing home who has nothing to do with the academy.
His background profile was altered and used by our suspect when he pretended to be a teacher.
It's quite cruelly clever of him not to completely fake his background.
But he then chose to work as a teacher, placing himself right in the public eye?
Is he daring or just a fool?
Well, about that...
All the video data was destroyed.
The only thing we were able to salvage was a short sound file.
There are only two methods left: creating a traditional photofit picture or drawing a composite sketch.
Of course, we tried both methods.
From the sound of it, they didn't work?
Right.
In the end, the only lead we have is the blurry picture Sasayama took, right?
Did you end up getting anything out of that?
Y-Yes, it helped a lot!
He's an incredible teacher.
I don't understand why his lectures aren't in the Bureau's archives.
There's no way they'd put them in the archives.
Did something happen?
This was around the time that both the Sibyl System and the university system existed together.
Saiga's special courses were set up for the Bureau's investigators.
But one day, a major concern came to light.
The course attendees' Hues became cloudier and their Crime Coefficients rose.
Well, not all of them.
A one-on-one lecture like the one you had today should be fine.
Besides, I don't see your Hue clouding that easily at all.
But...
It's crazy that just listening to lectures could raise your Crime Coefficient.
Say you're at a dark swamp and you can't see the bottom.
If you want to find out what's in that swamp, you have no choice but to jump in.
Saiga's used to it since he's dived in so many times already.
But it's not like all his students can dive into that swamp and come back safely.
There are gaps in their abilities, not to mention their basic suitability.
You seem like someone who'd dive right to the bottom... and yet come back safely.
Well, I don't know about that.
At least, the Sibyl System decided that I couldn't come back.
What would you say is the most cunning animal?
One that's at no risk of extinction no matter how many are hunted and killed?
That'd be humans.
Too easy, huh?
These days...
they no longer issue hunting licenses under normal circumstances.
I really appreciate what you've done for me, Makishima.
That's not ivory... is it?
I guess I haven't shown this one to you before.
Excluding the mouthpiece, this pipe is made from Ouryou Rikako's bones.
I see.
When I'm touching it like this...
my mind regains its youth.
The souls of my terrified prey give me energy.
You've overcome your body's aging.
I guess that just leaves your mind?
Yeah, that's right.
You maintain a healthy and sound life...
by sacrificing other lives.
But if people only seek youth for their bodies
and lose sight of the means to cultivate their minds,
it's only natural that it would lead to an increase in the number of living dead.
Don't you think it's foolish?
The energy that comes from the thrill of the hunt...
It's a dangerous reward that goes hand in hand with death, isn't it?
That's right.
In hunting, the tougher your prey is, the fresher the youth you can gain from it.
With all that in mind,
I think I can arrange for your next prey to be most exquisite indeed.
Oh?
It's an Enforcer from the Public Safety Bureau.
The Bureau?
His name is...
In the end, I guess checking Professor Saiga's lecture attendees list didn't help much.
That's how it goes sometimes.
But if Makishima is a living person, he's left a trace somewhere for sure.
I heard that you brought Inspector Tsunemori to Saiga Jouji.
Yeah.
He did it because I asked him to.
What are you playing at? Are you trying to drag her into your problem,
making her a latent criminal who strayed from the right path, like you?
Wait a minute!
Why are you treating me like a child?
Because you are a child!
A brat who's confused about anything and everything!
Why do you think we split the force into Inspectors and Enforcers in the first place?
It's to avoid the risk of having healthy people's Psycho-Passes get clouded by criminal investigations.
We use latent criminals, who can never return to society, in our place.
That's precisely how you're able to fulfill your duty while keeping a healthy mind!
That's not teamwork!
Are we here to solve crimes or protect our own Psycho-Passes?
Which one do you think matters more?!
Do you want to throw away your career?
Do you intend to sacrifice everything you've built so far?
It's...
It's certainly true that I'm new here.
You're my senior, Inspector Ginoza, and I respect that.
But please don't forget that we're on equal footing in terms of our rank!
I'm managing my Hue just fine.
You may be my senior, but I'd appreciate it if you would refrain from questioning my ability
at the workplace and in front of the Enforcers!
I can't believe he...
Where are you going?
I'm going to file a complaint with the bureau chief.
Any chance of you passing on that, missy?
But...
Inspector Ginoza's father is a latent criminal.
What?
He was a child when the Sibyl System had just been put into operation.
Terrible misunderstandings and rumors about latent criminals were common in those days.
If a family member happened to show a high Crime Coefficient,
that alone caused the rest of the family to be treated as if they were the same.
I'm sure he suffered quite a bit.
When a detective gets deeply involved in an investigation,
in the end the Sibyl System starts keeping an eye on them just like it does with the criminals.
Remember what I said about committing crimes and cracking down on them?
They're two sides of the same coin. The phenomenon called crime.
We have Enforcers now, but before they created that position,
there were many detectives who ended up as latent criminals that way.
Inspector Ginoza's father was one of them.
I didn't know...
That's why he won't allow the other Inspectors to take risks on their own.
Even then, Kougami, his former colleague, suffered the same fate.
Yes, I know.
He feels as though he was betrayed twice.
First by his father and then by his colleague.
That's why he acts like that toward you.
But even so...
You're right.
Don't you have family and friends of your own, missy?
If your Psycho-Pass gets clouded,
those people will suffer the same hardships Nobuchika did.
We Enforcers are here to prevent that.
Do you think Kougami feels that way too?
He used to.
But now...
I think he's oblivious to anything that's not related to that Makishima guy.
I've no interest in capturing him alive.
Is that okay with you?
Of course.
What would even be the point?
Kougami Shinya...
That name always seems to bring a smile to your face.
It seems all fairy tales are dead
It seems all fairy tales are dead
In a hospital ward of brick stones
my voice is too coarse to sing
Outside in the foggy haze
a red moon glows
Look at me
Do not avert your gaze
Behind black bars
I was born
I wish there were a punishment for evil
Always I need you
Now, grant us justice
before chaos takes us all
Pay the price of fate and let us go together,
nameless beasts
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
