It's gotten worse.
I see...
Your Crime Coefficient's gone up by seven points.
This is a number we can't ignore.
If it gets any worse, I'll be required to report it.
I've been trying to manage my stress using therapeutic devices.
You should choose a simpler and more effective method.
Such as?
Talk to someone you're close to about your worries.
Do you have a girlfriend or family?
I don't have a girlfriend.
As for my family...
My father is the only one still living.
At your age, your father would be an ideal person to talk to.
Unless you have some particular reason not to, why don't you talk to him?
Well, I do.
Yes?
I do have a reason.
I would like to show
I would like to show
Cut open my skull
Cut open my skull
Look into my head
Look into my head
I don't know why I'm so harsh
I don't know why I'm so harsh
I could be so brash
I could be so brash
I'm going to clash
I'm going to clash
'Cause I feel
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
Voices inside, one link to join it all
Again
Again
'Cause I feel
'Cause I feel
I can always show my everything to you
I can always show my everything to you
If this moment was for me
If this moment was for me
I try to hear, lend my ear
I try to hear, lend my ear
Voices inside, one link to join it all
Voices inside, one link to join it all
So it goes
So it goes
Again
Again
I read the report.
13: Invitation from the Abyss
Can we really believe Inspector Tsunemori Akane's testimony?
We inspected the scene very carefully.
The distance to the target was a little less than eight meters.
Her position relative to the victim was also clear.
The crime was clearly committed right before Inspector Tsunemori's eyes,
and yet the Dominator didn't work properly.
I heard that the victim was a close friend of Inspector Tsunemori.
Is it possible that she was too shaken up to operate the Dominator correctly?
She isn't that incompetent.
You mentioned in one of your previous reports that she lacks experience.
Even so, she possesses genuine aptitude.
Her ability as an Inspector has been proven by the Sibyl System's aptitude test.
And yet, you have submitted a report that questions that same Sibyl's Judgment.
Ginoza.
Today, the world enjoys a stable prosperity with the greatest happiness for the greatest number of people.
What do you think makes that possible?
That would be... the Ministry of Welfare's Sibyl System.
That's right.
Whether in planning one's life,
or obtaining what one desires,
when people make choices, no matter what they are,
they ask for Sibyl's Judgment rather than agonize over it.
Through the Sibyl System, we create an affluent, safe world that's unprecedented in human history.
That's exactly why Sibyl has to be perfect.
Indeed.
No mistakes are allowed with Sibyl.
That's the ideal.
However, think about it.
If the system is absolutely perfect, it shouldn't even require humans to operate it.
We could simply equip the Drones with. Dominators and have them patrol the city.
But the Criminal Investigation Department exists within the Bureau,
and you Inspectors and Enforcers hold the DominatorsSibyl's eyes.
Have you thought about why that is?
Yes... of course.
No matter how perfect the system is made to be,
it needs a safety net to deal with unforeseeable circumstances.
When the ability to flexibly respond in an emergency
and temporary measures to handle malfunctions are added, that is when the system becomes perfect.
For a system such as this,
the most important thing is not that it functions perfectly, but that people continue to believe that it does.
Thanks to their belief in the system and sense of security, Sibyl brings blessings to people even now.
Understood.
Ginoza.
I think quite highly of you.
Normally, this classified information wouldn't be accessible to someone of your rank,
but I'll show it to you based on the relationship of trust between us.
Keep it secret.
This is...
This is the record of a certain man's arrest.
He was taken into custody without his Crime Coefficient being measured...
although on the record, he was brought in voluntarily.
Touma... Kouzaburou...
He's the primary suspect in a serial murder case that stirred up the public three years ago.
I think those of you out in the field called it the Specimen Case.
In the end, Division 2, who caught this man, was put under a strict gag order.
Why?! Do you have any idea what we went through to...
It was just like this current case.
Despite the fact that he was practically caught in the act and we had a great deal of evidence on his crimes,
the Dominators didn't react to Kouzaburou Touma...
because his Crime Coefficient didn't exceed the regulation limit.
We call these rare cases criminally asymptomatic people.
Criminally... asymptomatic?
It refers to those rare cases where the result of the person's cymatic scan doesn't match with their criminal psychology.
It's estimated that this occurs in around one out of every two million people.
Makishima Shougo's case isn't really surprising either.
There are some indicatiors that he took part in the incident from three years ago, right?
Touma and Makishima...
It is precisely because the two of them, both criminally asymptomatic, committed the crimes together
that we had so much difficulty with that case.
What happened to Touma Kouzaburou?
Officially, he's been declared missing.
I also do not intend to say anything more on the matter to you.
At any rate, all that matters is the fact that no one ever fell victim to his crimes again.
He just disappeared.
His case didn't reveal a blind spot in the Sibyl System,
nor did it shake the credibility of the system.
He simply disappeared.
You all function as the terminus of the system.
That's the part that interacts with the public. It's how they recognize and understand it.
Therefore, the system's credibility is judged by how properly and strictly you are functioning.
If any of you doubt the Dominator, it could eventually cause all citizens to doubt this society's order.
Do you understand?
It seems that the report we submitted wasn't complete.
Fine. Resubmit it by tomorrow morning.
Naturally, you'll need to prepare an explanation that your subordinates will accept.
Please leave it to me.
Good. Ginoza...
My confidence in you was indeed well-placed.
Capture Makishima Shougo.
Isolate him from this society as soon as possible.
But don't kill him.
Immediate punishment or execution requires Sibyl's involvement.
Understood.
All you need to do is capture this man and bring him to the Bureau.
Don't worry about the rest.
Makishima Shougo will never threaten society again,
just as Touma Kouzaburou hasn't.
Hello.
Hey.
Reading a book?
Yeah.
Thanks for taking the time to visit.
No problem.
I was told to take some time off anyway.
Have they had the funeral yet?
It was the day before yesterday.
I see.
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
I let Makishima Shougo get away.
It's not your fault.
It was the Dominator that didn't work properly. Right?
They said that there was nothing wrong with the gun itself.
Inspector Ginoza's petitioning the top brass and investigating now.
He's never revealed himself to us until now.
He might have some sort of trick.
Some secret means to outwit us.
You're your normal self, Kougami.
You recovered more quickly than I thought you would too.
I can't go on feeling depressed forever.
We have to capture Makishima Shougo.
He's the one who killed my friend.
And your friend too.
Yeah.
Well, I feel a little better after seeing you.
Take care.
After all that, there's actually one thing that I'm relieved about.
We know Makishima Shougo really exists.
No one will doubt you anymore.
We can now finally pursue the same goal together.
Tsunemori will work on a photofit picture?
Right. She'll do a memory scoop.
That's a process that visualizes people's memories by reading directly from their brain waves.
I heard that Akane's trying to reconstruct what Makishima Shougo looks like.
So far, she's the only one who's seen his face clearly.
That procedure involves forcibly reliving one's memories!
And not just any memorythe memory where her friend was killed before her very eyes!
I know! That's why everyone tried to stop her.
There's no way anyone's Psycho-Pass would still be okay after that, not even Akane's!
Then why?!
She said she'd bring down Makishima next time for sure.
So in the end, I don't think you can really talk.
Was that from Kougami?
Yeah. Kagari or someone probably told him what I was up to.
Don't you have to talk to him?
There's no need to.
I'm sure he'll just try to stop me,
even though he's always doing reckless things himself.
I'm against it too. It's too dangerous.
Your Psycho-Pass has already been affected.
At worst, your Crime Coefficient could suffer as well.
The Bureau Chief ordered us not to conduct a public investigation, right?
Yeah. Either way, this is a sensitive matter.
An expert team is investigating it.
Until they release their results, don't tell anyone about what happened in the basement.
We can't wait for their results.
Without investigating this publicly, it's hard to gather clues.
We need a photofit picture.
But...
I don't mind if it means my Crime Coefficient will go up.
I'll corner Makishima Shougo, even if I end up as an Enforcer afterward.
Don't say that so lightly!
Inspector Ginoza... I'll be fine.
My resilient Psycho-Pass is the one thing I have going for me.
Everything's set... Akane.
Okay.
I'll be monitoring your physical condition and Psycho-Pass the entire time.
I trust you, Karanomori.
Okay, okay. Just leave it to me.
You'll be fine.
Concentrate and try to remember the time you encountered the culprit.
Okay.
When I catch a brain signal related to that memory, I'll amplify it.
It will likely cause quite a bit of emotional strain, though.
I'm aware of that.
Okay... Then I'll start now.
And how do you define crime to start with?
With the Dominator you're holding?
Does the Sibyl System that governs that gun decide it?
Crime Coefficient is 48. Not a target for enforcement action.
The trigger will be locked.
Help! Akane!
How very regrettable, Inspector Tsunemori Akane.
Akane!
Not a target for enforcement action.
The trigger will be locked.
Stop it!
Hey!
I know!
Get a hold of yourself, Inspector Tsunemori!
Inspector Tsunemori!
Tsunemori!
Tsunemori Akane!
Sorry.
I-Inspector Ginoza...
Yeah... Are you okay?
Tsunemori!
The memory scoop was successful!
I'll start processing the image right away!
How's her Psycho-Pass?!
Yeah, it's okay.
Her Hue curve is within regulation limits.
Her Crime Coefficient is...
This is incredible!
It went up once, but it's already showing signs of recovery!
Inspector Tsunemori...
See? I told you I'd be fine, didn't I?
You'd go this far, huh?
Hm?
Have you recovered from your injuries?
I threatened my doctor.
I told him that I'd set fire to the room if he kept me there any longer.
That's the Ko we know and love.
I was kidding. I persuaded him.
More importantly, how's Inspector Tsunemori?
She's undergoing a mental care session at the nurse's office.
But according to Shion's diagnosis, she'll recover soon.
She might have a cute face, but that girl's got serious guts.
It freaked me out, to be honest.
After all she went through, her Psycho-Pass didn't even enter the red zone.
What were they planning to do if something happened?!
You're not the only one who was worried.
But in this case, the risk paid off.
So this is...
Makishima Shougo.
We immediately contacted Ousou Academy... and bingo.
Staff and students at the Academy have testified that this man is Shibata Yukimori, their art instructor.
Makishima Shougo Shibata Yukimori
This alone is enough to bring him in as a key witness in Ouryou Rikako's case.
Right now, we're doing a search through the records of all the cameras in town, one by one.
And one place we've already been able to find record of him was,
believe it or not, the entrance to Sugawara Shouko's apartment building.
Remember her? Spooky Boogie, the victim in the Talisman incident.
We've already requested a priority search order with facial recognition.
Next time he makes a move, we'll receive a report immediately.
Tsunemori is...
She's already a full-fledged detective.
To think that you want to talk to me.
What next, is it gonna snow tomorrow?
The chance of precipitation all day tomorrow is zero.
That's an expression from the old days, all right? Geez.
So, what happened?
I have some questions about Inspector Tsunemori.
What about her?
Why doesn't her Hue ever get clouded?
How does she manage her stress?
You're asking me about that?
You're closer to her than I am, aren't you?
I don't have the answer.
Well, one thing I know for sure is that she isn't afraid of her Crime Coefficient at all.
She is, how should I put it...
She accepts things as they are.
She forgives society, acknowledges it, and accepts it.
On top of that, she doesn't mind taking risks, so it's not like she's just going with the flow.
She probably believes unquestioningly in the meaning and the value of being a detective.
Are you saying things were different for you?
Me? Hmm...
Well...
I might be like this now, but I feel like I shared her belief in justice long ago.
But one day, I was suddenly given a gun that speaks,
and I was told that from then on I just had to shoot when it told me to in order to capture or kill people.
I was angry.
That wasn't the detective work that I believed in.
The more I felt that way, the cloudier my Psycho-Pass became.
If you had that many doubts...
why didn't you quit being a detective?
Why did you make Mom and I pay the price when you didn't even want to live that way?
Damn you!
How dare you complain about it now?
You're right.
I keep saying I don't like it, but I'm still a detective even now.
You denied Sibyl... and Sibyl denied you.
A new order was born, and the country moved on without you.
Yeah. After all, I might've been wrong.
Around the time I accepted this era and came to terms with it, my Crime Coefficient stabilized.
It was more than a little too late, though.
So, what about you?
Have you been able to maintain a nice clear color on your Psycho-Pass?
I don't see why you need to worry about that.
What, are you trying to act like a father now?
What's wrong with a subordinate showing concern for his boss? Especially one who's due for a promotion?
Just like you were saying earlier...
If you question your job...
If you start feeling that something is amiss, be careful.
Once you start down that path, you might run into the same pitfall as I did.
There's no way I could love anyone,
There's no way I could love anyone,
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
but I wish to be loved by someone in turn
The world may not have
The world may not have
ended yesterday after all,
ended yesterday after all,
but we will not budge
but we will not budge
from where we are
from where we are
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
God, in favor of which parts have you left us?
I receive no reply
I receive no reply
I never do
I never do
Are you still here?
Are you still here?
You'll never walk alone
You'll never walk alone
I walk with you
I walk with you
I will share all your sins
I will share all your sins
Together with you
Together with you
I walk
I walk
a trackless path
a trackless path
You've finally been identified.
You're at the end of your rope, Shougo.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This is a world where the mental state and personal tendencies of humans can be quantified. While all sorts of inclinations are recorded and policed, these measured numbers used to judge people's souls are commonly called Psycho-Pass.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
This story is a work of fiction. The names of all individuals and organizations that appear in this show are fictitious and any similarity to those in existence in the real world is purely coincidental.
