Nineteen
The Third Plate
Erina-sama... I am so sorry!
Arato Hisako...
Kurokiba Ryo...
Shit!
Nakiri Alice...
All of the above have been expelled.
As well as Mito Ikumi,
Isami Aldini,
Ibusaki Shun, Aoki Daigo, Sato Shoji,
Yoshino Yuki, Sakaki Ryoko,
and Marui Zenji.
They have also all been expelled.
How could this be? Everyone's...
Hey, now. Do you guys really have time to worry about the others?
Rindo-senpai...
The one who was up against Aldini and Tadokoro-chan... was me.
Everyone...
Nakiri?
No...
This can't be!
Everyone!
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
Tadokoro-san! Aldini-kun!
Huh? What was your result?
Declaration of War
Yeah, about that...
I guess I'll go ahead...
and dig in to Aldini's dish!
Yum!
Okay, next. Tadokoro-chan.
Uh, okay?!
This one's great, too!
Good! You both pass!
H-Huh?
Um... Huh?
My third-stage exam was to present a dish that could make me say yum.
Yes, you're supposed to go head-to-head with members of the Elite Ten,
but nobody said it had to be a competition.
I see...
Rindo-senpai's such a weirdo.
But if anything,
that means that at least you two survived.
Wait, just us two?
You don't mean...
I see. That means...
All the other rebels that went on the other routes
have already been expelled.
Isami...
Are we just supposed to take this lying down?!
Our friends and my brother have been taken down!
We're just supposed to sit here and do nothing?!
Yeah...
This sucks pretty hard.
Yukihira! How can you be so calm?!
Well, I mean, they had a legit cooking battle and lost, right?
Yeah, that really sucks, but it's not like their opponent cheated or anything,
so what's the point of bad-mouthing them?
Well, you're right, but... even then
The members of the Elite Ten can do anything at the school, right?
What about it?
One, two, three, four...
We have four here.
And over there... Well, Hayama got expelled, so they're down one...
Oh, and I guess Nakiri's actually a member of the Elite Ten.
So that just means that we have to take four more seats.
Uh, Soma-kun, um, what?
Yukihira, what are you going on about?!
What I'm saying is...
If we're able to win those seats,
we can overturn everything, including the expulsions.
Wait, you mean...
Yep.
We just need to take the majority of the seats on the Elite Ten.
Us right here. Through Shokugeki.
Shoku
Geki
Take the Elite Ten's seats?
You mean... I have to defeat a member of the Elite Ten?
N-N-N-No way! I can't do that, Soma-kun!
I can't even imagine that!
What are you talking about? You'll be fine, Tadokoro.
Let's do our best!
Wait, Yukihira. A Shokugeki only happens if both parties agree.
Central would gain nothing by accepting,
even if they're confident that they could beat us.
They're actually expecting to win...
Anyway, let's go get some advice.
So, hey. Could you give me a seat in the Elite Ten?
You always say the craziest things.
To think that's what you'd say when things are like this...
Sadly, I'm not going to be able to do that, no matter how much fun it sounds like.
Oh, come on.
Nope. Not happening.
I'm sure you could do something.
Nope. No way.
Don't let it get to you too much, Nakiri-chan.
You should probably give up on your buddies.
It's true that Yukihira-kun's proposal is extremely unrealistic.
And in that case, I can't worry about my reputation anymore.
If I go to my father directly and ask him to rescind everyone's expulsions...
Wait here, everyone. I'll go to my father right now
If you're looking for Director Azami, he's actually here right now.
At this location?
He's been making rounds to the various test sites to check up on them.
If you want to talk to him, you should probably hurry.
He's about to fly off to the next testing site.
Father!
Um, Father! I have a request!
What is it, Erina?
You're still hanging around that unsavory crowd?
You should stop being so stubborn.
After a few days, they will also be expelled.
That is, if no one else decides to take some liberties
with the rules of the exams again.
Kobayashi, you'll be confined to your room at the next exam.
I mean, even if I don't kick them out, someone else will.
Father, um... Regarding the students that failed the stage-three exams...
Could I ask that you be a little more merciful toward them?
Please, Father!
Alice... Hisako... Please bring everyone back!
We're running behind. We should hurry.
Yes, Azami-sama.
Let's all become second-years!
At this point, Nakiri,
we're just going to have to settle things plate to plate.
Yukihira-kun?
Nakamura-senpai!
You sure like talking as though your ideas are the only correct ones,
but the fact that I'm standing here right now
means you haven't been able to prove that you're correct at all.
If you want to get rid of us that badly,
why don't you stop with these rigged tests,
and let's settle things once and for all.
My crew
against yours.
Why don't we have an all-out battle for seats in the Elite Ten?
That's an absolutely ridiculous idea, even for you, Yukihira Soma-kun.
Here's some advice. If you want to negotiate, you need to have something to wager.
Ruffle
Hey, come on now, Nakamura.
No need to talk to my precious only son that way.
D-Dad?!
Saiba Joichiro?! And Senzaemon-dono, too!
Hey, Soma. I heard you got your revenge on Shiomi's apprentice!
Ruffle
Good for you!
Stop messin' with my hair!
Why do you always randomly pop up from nowhere?!
Saiba-sama... Grandfather...
Why are you here?
Hey, Erina-chan.
You've grown up so much.
Sorry to butt in like this,
but we need to talk to your dad.
Nakamura, I'd say Soma's idea isn't half bad.
Why don't we have one of those?
What?
A team battle.
A rare but traditional twist on the Shokugeki where groups of chefs clash...
A Regiment de Cuisine.
Basically, a Team Shokugeki.
Team
Shokugeki
Te...
Team
Shoku...
Shokugeki
Saiba-senpai, you clearly don't understand anything.
As soon as I took the director's seat from Senzaemon-dono,
Totsuki
my plan was 90 percent complete.
What I'm currently doing is nothing more than some cleanup.
Nothing you could offer would make it worth accepting your challenge.
Are you sure about that?
Even if...
I offered to become one of your little soldiers if we lose?
What?
I'll abandon all my ideas and beliefs
and become your servant to help you with your salvation or whatever.
Yukihira Diner
Of course, that also means I'll close down Yukihira for good.
Are you sure about this?
Yeah.
Very well!
Saiba-senpai, this makes me so happy.
Today is a wonderful day, a very good day.
Could you not talk as though you've already won?
We're going to win, no matter what!
We'll get our friends back, and we won't let you to close down Yukihira Diner.
I'm still scared,
but I want to save everyone!
I look forward to our day of battle.
Now, then...
We can hash out the details another day.
All right, then...
Time to get started on your special training.
Training?
If we take on the Elite Ten right now, there's no way we're going to win.
I knew it!
That's why we're going to conserve our strength and prepare for battle.
Let the training begin.
What? A Team Shokugeki?
Yes. It will be held on Rebun Island.
How in the world did any of this come about?
A lot has happened.
Inform the rest of the Elite Ten to continue their journey north.
We will wipe out the resistance once and for all at the final exam venue.
A just world where no chef will ever have to wander again...
I will save the culinary world and Totsuki.
Hey, Dad, are you seriously going to put Yukihira on the line?
Yup.
Seriously? First, you shut the place down, and now you're wagering it on a bet.
Could you have some respect for the place?
What? Don't tell me...
You actually don't think we're going to win?
Ruffle
Wow, talk about pathetic! You sure you're my son?
Stop messing up my hair!
Shut up! We're gonna win!
Of course we're gonna win!
Sorry, this was the only leverage we had.
I should also probably apologize for all of this as well.
Dojima-senpai...
I was actually the one who arranged for Joichiro and Senzaemon-dono to be there today.
We've been working in secret for some time now to come up with a strategy.
Because we knew that if Joichiro was involved, Azami would accept the challenge.
I can't blame you if you think we've been using you.
I sincerely apologize.
There's no need to apologize.
On the contrary, if you or Saiba-san hadn't intervened,
we wouldn't have been able to get this Shokugeki at all.
We should actually be grateful.
Just watch. This will be our battle.
We won't let the Azami Administration have their way!
I'll do my best, too!
Man
I need to start doing this now, or I won't be able to deal with the pressure!
I think it might be a little early to start doing that.
Man... Man... Man...
Oh, yeah. I guess you can have your Mezzaluna back.
Hey, wait a sec, Yukihira!
I'm going to get that back by beating you!
Senzaemon-dono, they are indeed reliable.
But it's sort of in the way.
Soma-kun!
The Generation of Prodigies...
You better be taking proper care of it.
They are worthy enough to entrust with Totsuki's future.
But, no, really, it's in the way.
Don't say that!
By the way, do you all know about Team Shokugekis?
What about you two?
Um... I can't say I do.
I've heard the general rules before.
As Joichiro-san mentioned earlier, it's a Shokugeki that's team versus team.
Members from each team randomly face off against each other.
Then the victors from each team will continue facing off with each other.
They'll repeat that until one team still has victors and they win the match.
Correct, Chef Dojima?
Precisely. But Team Shokugeki battles
have elements that are clearly different from standard Shokugeki.
And that's the fact that teamwork will make or break this competition.
Teamwork?
But when they face off, it's one-on-one, right?
In Team Shokugeki, you can help your teammates with their dishes.
Indeed. While you're facing off with your opponent,
you can help your teammates if they need assistance,
which results in creating a better team.
Which basically means that you're all chefs,
but also your teammates' support staff.
So even if you don't stand a chance alone, if you and your team work well together,
your chances of beating the Elite Ten are not zero.
But for that to happen,
you need to strengthen your teamwork so it surpasses your opponents'.
Which means that tomorrow, you'll be having a two-on-two mock battle.
Mock battle?
First, let's evaluate all of your individual strengths, and then
All right, we're gonna draw straws.
Hey!
That's too random!
Oh, who cares?
So, what should the punishment be for the losing team?
No. This isn't about winning or losing. It's just a simulation
I know! Why don't we have the loser eat this gross new dish I just came up with?
What?!
Gross dish?
Ooh, a new one?
I'm starting to remember things...
This one's extra cringe worthy!
That reminds me! After all that time you were missing, you finally called me,
but just said whatever you wanted to say and then hung up on me!
What? Did I?
And you call yourself an adult?!
The adults are fighting.
Proper adults would...
But Chef Dojima is always so calm...
Oh, shut up, Gin. If you have something to say, say it with your dish.
Bring it on! I'll set you straight!
Erina...
I was worried, since you immediately went back to your cabin.
Grandfather...
I just didn't know how to react.
I want to save everyone. I truly believe that from the bottom of my heart.
But in order for that to happen, we need to defeat the Elite Ten
and my father directly.
Defy my father? Challenge my father?
Really?
Just the thought sends shivers of dread down my spine.
Roughly Six Months Ago
So you've come, Joichiro.
Yup. How're you doing, old man?
I heard that you stopped by the Polar Star Dormitory.
Were you able to talk with your son?
Yeah.
Yukihira Soma, eh...
I'm looking forward to what he might do in the future.
Must be nice. I had no intention of having Soma enroll in Totsuki to begin with.
I only did because you were so pushy.
So...
What brings you back to Japan?
Azami's been making some ominous movements.
Are you sure?
It's trustworthy information.
In these past few years, he's suddenly been developing some connections in Asia.
It's easy to speculate that he'll probably try to contact Totsuki
in some way fairly soon.
Erina still has fear of that man deep within her heart.
He'll probably try to take advantage of that and seize control of her.
I'd like to come up with some kind of plan.
No matter what we do, it won't be a fundamental solution.
The only ones who can truly save your granddaughter
will probably be classmates whom she can fight alongside.
Soma's generation.
Hey, Erina-chan!
Saiba-sama!
There's a few minor details we need to discuss.
Nakiri-kun! We will commence training tonight! Actually, right now!
What? Now?!
We will conduct a three-on-three mock battle!
Come on, we don't need to be so serious.
Let's just take this lightly.
Joichiro!
How dare you?!
Do you have any idea how many times that flippant attitude of yours caused me grief?!
Yeah, and that's why I said I'll take you up on a challenge as part of the training.
Sorry about this, Nakiri-san.
But let's do our best together.
We want to save Arato-san and the others, too.
R-Right...
Yes. We must save everyone.
And to think I haven't even strengthened my resolve to face my father yet.
All right, fine.
I shall mediate this competition.
Tadokoro Megumi, Takumi Aldini, and Dojima Gin.
They will be Team Dojima.
Dojima
Yukihira Soma, Nakiri Erina, and Saiba Joichiro.
They will be Team Saiba.
Saiba
The team leaders will be Gin and Joichiro.
The other two on each team will support the preparations.
You better not think of me as a student still, Joichiro.
Well, aren't you confident.
Nakiri-san and Soma-kun are on the other side.
I need to make sure I don't hold Chef Dojima and Takumi-kun back!
I'm on the same team as Saiba-sama, whom I've admired for so long...
I have to do everything I can to assist him.
Thank you for letting us use your kitchen, Conductor.
The dish both of your teams will be making is hachis Parmentier,
a national dish from France.
You will have fifty minutes.
Hachis Parmentier? I heard of that back at Master Shinomiya's.
It's a dish made with meat sauce, cheese, and pomme pureebasically mashed potatoes
baked in an oven.
A dish where various steps of the preparation are very time consuming...
Even with three of us, we can barely make it in fifty minutes.
50 Minutes
If the chef doesn't split up the duties efficiently, we won't make it in time.
As for the rules, you may not say a single word to each other while cooking.
And begin!
What should I do?! This is the same as being blindfolded!
Takumi-kun, how did you know what Chef Dojima was thinking just now?
I see. There's actually nothing different
in this mock battle from any other time we've cooked.
Think of all of the techniques in my head and invert them...
Watch what the chef is doing carefully...
Just like all the times I've supported Soma-kun,
think about what's going to happen next...
and move!
Looks like they've cleared the first hurdle.
Ruffle
I can't hold back anymore!
Soma! You need to match your movements more with mine!
That's my line! Quit doing steps completely out of order from the basic recipe!
Shut up! You're supposed to be my support!
Figure it out!
You can't be serious! And stop messing up my hair!
They're talking...
I won't hesitate to disqualify you.
Hey!
Sorry about that.
But you know, we had our utensils down and we weren't cooking,
so we should be safe, right?!
I won't accept excuses like that.
Listen carefully. You won't get another chance.
Otherwise, this wouldn't count as training.
Hey, Yukihira-kun!
We don't have time to argue with each other!
Saiba-sama is the leader, so we should be doing everything we can to support
Ooh, now Nakiri's talking. I'm gonna tell!
As if this didn't concern you!
Ahem...
But seriously, why is my dad making whatever he wants to right now?
That's been concerning me, too.
The star of hachis Parmentier is the meat sauce.
After frying the meat and herbs,
you add in red wine and bullion for vivid richness and flavor.
It's the step that takes the longest.
And yet Saiba-sama had started with the other steps.
Why isn't he following the basic steps like Chef Dojima?
Anchovies?
And basil? Those aren't ingredients used in this dish.
And that plate...
In France, hachis Parmentier is usually served in a gratin dish.
But since he's going to be serving it on a normal plate...
What Chef Dojima is trying to make right now
is what would be served in restaurants...
A true gourmand's original hachis Parmentier.
Saiba-sama and Chef Dojima
are both testing us.
Totsuki
Next Episode Erina's Diligent Studies
Food Wars
Please watch from a slight distance next time, too.
