Inside the human body,
roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically,
DENDRITE
all day every day.
24 hours and 365 days.
ANTIBODY ENCYCLOPEDIA
HEART
They are all working very hard.
WHITE BLOOD CELL
UNDER CONSTRUCTION
PLATELETS
This is the inside of a human body.
This reservoir's empty, too, huh?
Here, too? Dammit!
Except for authorized personnel KEEP OUT
RESERVOIR 48
There's not much fluid left!
SWEAT
Isn't there...
Isn't there anything we can do...
to save this world from further global warming?
EPISODE 11: HEAT STROKE
Heat Stroke!
SWEAT GLANDS
S-Senpai!
Is this really what the epidermis area looks like?
RED BLOOD CELLS: They carry oxygen and carbon dioxide using blood circulation.
It's nothing like the pamphlet.
It's dried up because of this heat.
There used to be waterways and stuff before.
That's why we're walking through the capillaries to release heat.
THERMOLYSIS: Dissipating heat by sending large amounts of blood to the skin. One of the body's ways of regulating body temperature.
Thermolysis.
Dissipating heat by sending large amounts of blood to the skin.
One of the body's ways of regulating body temperature.
It's so hot!
Don't worry! Once hidrosis starts, it gets really cool!
See, the sweat glands are about to
Excuse me!
Damn you, you're such a pain in the neck!
This is U-1146.
WHITE BLOOD CELLS (NEUTROPHILS): Their main task is to eliminate foreign substances from outside, such as bacteria and viruses.
I'm done exterminating the last of the germs.
Copy that!
Whoa! It's a White Blood Cell.
Running around in this scorching heat... He sure has energy!
Th-Thank you for your hard work, White Blood Cell!
PHAGOCYTOSIS: When Phagocytes such as Monocytes, Macrophages and Neutrophils absorb bacteria and other foreign substances, and break them down.
Wait! He's dissolving it!
Hey... Yo, Red Blood Cell...
Is something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
That outfit of yours sure looks hot, White Blood Cell!
Can't do my job as a first responder if I dress down.
SWEAT GLANDS AND SWEAT: Sweat-secreting glands present in the skin. There are two types, apocrine glands and eccrine glands. Heat is removed by evaporation when you sweat (heat of evaporation). They play a crucial role in adjusting body heat.
Sweat glands and sweat.
Sweat-secreting glands present in the skin.
There are two types, apocrine glands and eccrine glands.
Heat is removed by evaporation when you sweat.
They play a crucial role in adjusting body heat.
STATE OF THE SWEAT PORES
ECCRINE
So these are the sweat glands!
So hot!
So hot!
So hot!
BUCKWHEAT TEA
Hey, they said hidrosis is about to start!
Thank goodness! Now it'll get cooler!
Actually, something strange is going on.
Normally, sweat atomizes,
and the heat of evaporation cools down the epidermis, but...
But it's still in fluid form.
Hey, what's the deal?
Give us a break, will you? It's so hot!
It's no good!
Hidrosis was successfully initiated, but didn't lead to epidermal cooling!
The sweat's not atomizing? Meaning the temperature outside the body's too high?
N-No good!
The body temperature's spiking!
This heat is unbearable!
What the heck is going on?
You said it was to promote hidrosis to make it cooler!
That's why we've been walking in this sweltering heat!
- That's right, that's right! - We wanna talk to whoever's in charge!
It's hot, dammit!
For now, we need to release the heat from the epidermis!
Wh-What's this?
You guys, please try to keep walking to release the heat!
Let's do all we can to regulate the body temp!
That's about all that we can do as blood cells, huh?
White Blood Cell, what's going on?
Increased vascular flow.
At a glance,
it just seems like part of the thermoregulation system!
Abnormal increased vascular flow!
Abortive attempt to cool the epidermis with sweat!
And a soaring temperature!
This must be...
No way!
What?
No way, there's light!
VERTIGO: You feel dizzy, or your surroundings start to look fuzzy. Such symptoms appear when your sense of equilibrium has been compromised.
Vertigo.
You feel dizzy, or your surroundings start to look fuzzy.
Such symptoms appear when your sense of equilibrium has been compromised.
Wh-What the... It's totally dark in here!
The world's ending!
What is this? What's going on?
The ground is tilting!
Not good! Hang onto something!
DIZZINESS: The blood drains from your head, and everything looks dark, or else white. You also experience vertigo. You do remain conscious.
Dizziness.
The blood drains from your head,
and everything looks dark, or else white.
You also experience vertigo.
You do remain conscious.
FAINTING: When the blood replenish to your brain either temporarily decreases, or is interrupted. This also involves losing consciousness for anywhere from several seconds to several minutes.
Fainting.
When the blood replenish to your brain either temporarily decreases, or is interrupted.
This also involves losing consciousness for anywhere from several seconds to several minutes.
B-Bad news!
It's heat stroke!
Heat stroke.
HEAT STROKE: The generic term for ill health caused when thermoregulation is disrupted, or by an imbalance of fluids and salt.
The generic term for ill health
caused when thermoregulation is disrupted,
or by an imbalance of fluids and salt.
There are three degrees of severity from 1 to 3.
Type 1 heat stroke is the initial symptom, causing vertigo, dizziness, tingly lips and fainting. In the past, it was known as heat syncope or heat cramps. The blood vessels of the skin expand due to heat and high temperature, and when blood pressure drops, the flow of blood to the brain decreases, leading to heat cramps.
Type 1 heat stroke is the initial symptom,
causing vertigo, dizziness, tingly lips and fainting.
In the past, it was known as heat syncope or heat cramps.
The blood vessels of the skin expand due to heat and high temperature,
and when blood pressure drops,
the flow of blood to the brain decreases, leading to heat cramps.
Ouch, ouch...
Ouch!
Weak! Seriously weak!
To fall to pieces over a little fever like this...
It's wasted on you guys!
I'll gladly take this world off your hands!
BACILLUS CEREUS: Widely distributed in natural environments such as dirt or water. A type of soil bacteria. Known to trigger two types of food poisoning, involving either diarrhea or vomiting.
Bacillus cereus.
Widely distributed in natural environments such as dirt or water. A type of soil bacteria.
Known to trigger two types of food poisoning, involving either diarrhea or vomiting.
It's an antigen!
Are you White Blood Cell?
Yeah, that's right.
I wouldn't try to loot this place if I were you!
Upon my honor as a bacillus cereus,
I swear I'm going to seize this world from you!
Now then! Let's fight!
Red Blood Cell!
Look after the Platelets!
O-Okay!
Just kidding!
What?
So you thought I was going to fight you?
I got you! I got you!
This world will be coming to an end soon!
Until then, I'm going off to hide!
Come back here! You stinking germ!
White Blood Cell, good luck to you!
All of you look so miserable and hot!
H-He's gonna ride the blood flow and conceal himself!
Lucky me! The flow inside this blood vessel has speeded up!
As if to say, Mr. Bacillus Cereus, please make a clean escape and invade this world.
No, I think that's what it's actually saying!
Don't get carried away!
Whoops, that was close!
You're not getting away!
This is U-1146! Requesting immediate backup!
Roger that! I'll meet up with you shortly!
It's an antigen!
There he is!
It's coming this way!
You're not getting away, you stinking germ!
Where'd he go?
I can't see!
- Is he gone? - Did he go somewhere?
It's getting crowded, huh?
The obstacle is making it...
so very easy to escape!
- Where is he? - Hey you!
You bastard!
Hey, let me through!
Hey! Stop pushing me!
Oh man! It's White Blood Cell!
I'm going after the antigen! Get outta my way!
Antigen? No way! Where is it?
It's too dark to see!
It's hot, and it's dark! What's going on?
It's hot! Help us!
I'm so hot! I'm so hot!
Somebody tell us what's going on!
They're not coming after me?
Whoa! It's an antigen! Over there!
What's that White Blood Cell doing?
So hot!
And it's so dark I can't see a thing!
This is great!
To think that in this world, even a White Blood Cell has heat stroke...
Cells at Work!
Cells at Work!
Looks like you overdid it in this horrible heat, huh?
That won't do! You've got to take care of yourself!
But good for you. You managed to keep your hat on!
HEAT STROKE PREVENTATIVE MEASURE 1: HAT Block direct sunlight, overheating to the head.
That's the last of our buckwheat tea!
You should've kept yourself properly hydrated!
Oh, that's right!
This body lacks fluids!
HEAT STROKE PREVENTATIVE MEASURE 2: REHYDRATION To prevent dehydration, replenish fluids and sodium frequently.
Damn you!
WATER
I just told you it can't be done!
Captain!
Dehydration has reached maximum level!
There... There just isn't enough to trigger hidrosis!
Big Sister, I'm so hot!
Don't worry!
I'm sure White Blood Cell and his friends will take care of this!
Gather all the sodium we have!
We're going to use osmotic pressure to pump up water!
We can't! Most of the sodium's already been discharged in hidrosis!
What did you say?
Captain! What should we do?
At this point, there's nothing the system can do.
If this keeps up, the body will become dehydrated!
DEHYDRATION: When you lose the fluids in your body, compromising your daily life and life support activities. When you fall into this state, you may experience difficulties absorbing nutrients and oxygen, in excreting body wastes, in thermoregulation, as well as the circulation of your bodily fluids.
Dehydration.
When you lose the fluids in your body,
compromising your daily life and life support activities.
When you fall into this state,
you may experience difficulties absorbing nutrients and oxygen,
in excreting body wastes, in thermoregulation,
as well as the circulation of your bodily fluids.
Captain?
Rain! Rain!
Bring us the rain!
He's praying for rain?
Oh no! The captain's gone bonkers!
So you can still stand?
Oh come on! Let's see you bring it!
Fire! Help!
Just look. The thermoregulation system is utterly useless now!
This world is coming to an end.
A little fever like this doesn't bother me at all!
BACILLUS CEREUS: Creating strong shells known as spores during its development phase, it is able to withstand 100 degree heat for 30 minutes. It is not as though it spreads when dehydration sets in.
Bacillus cereus.
Creating strong shells known as spores during its development phase,
it is able to withstand 100 degree heat for 30 minutes.
It is not as though it spreads when dehydration sets in.
Hey, too bad for you, not being able to save everyone's lives!
See ya.
All righty!
First of all, let's see...
Maybe I'll head over to the brain so that I can flaunt my powers!
Wh-What the...
You sure are pesky, damn you! Just give it up!
No way am I gonna let you harm this body!
Just accept reality!
I know you tried all kinds of things, like hidrosis and increased vascular flow!
But this body's thermoregulation system's been defeated to the outside temperature!
This body will be history soon!
Now get it through your head that it's futile,
and head off somewhere cool where you can loosen your clothes and rest!
Say whatever you want!
Even if the thermoregulation system loses,
even if these efforts are in vain,
this body is still alive!
It doesn't mean I should shirk my duties!
What a fool you are.
You should at least take it easy at the very end.
I did it.
And now...
And now...
I'm going to conceal myself in the darkness and divide repeatedly!
And while those cells panic over this soaring body temperature,
I'm going to seize this body!
And then...
all of this will become my nation!
All right! All right!
I can't stop laughing!
Now there's no one left to thwart me!
What's this?
What's going on? That ring of light...
That gentle light...
O-Oh my!
The epidermal temperature's dropping fast!
Hey! L-Look at that!
Wh-What is that tube-shaped thing?
TRANSFUSION: A solution injected into the vein. Mainly used to replenish fluids, correct electrolyte imbalance, or to replenish nutrients.
Transfusion.
A solution injected into the vein.
Mainly used to replenish fluids,
correct electrolyte imbalance, or to replenish nutrients.
N-No way!
You did it!
You did it, Captain!
All that praying for rain reached the heavens, Captain!
Good thing we didn't give up!
This body's been saved
This is great!
Water!
So refreshing!
Yummy!
- Feels so good! - Beautiful!
It's starting to get light, dammit!
Is this body recovering?
Take that!
Now you've done it!
Recovered due to fluids and c-cooling?
This... This is ridiculous!
Hey, that was refreshing.
Die, you goddamn germ!
There's Big Brother White Blood Cell!
But maybe we shouldn't go near him right now.
Y-Yeah, you're right.
Thanks to the miraculous rain from the heavens,
the danger of heat stroke was somehow averted.
Did those prayers for rain really reach the heavens?
What it was that happened in this world...
The cells have no way of knowing.
Hey! Come check this out!
White Blood Cell, I think it's this way!
For some reason, the areas around the thick blood vessels,
like the neck and underarms are super-cool!
- You're right! - So cool!
But I wonder why!
Don't ask me.
Whatever! At any rate, right now...
COOL YOUR BODY: It is effective to evacuate to a cooler location, and cool the areas where large blood vessels pass through around the neck, the underarms, the leg joints (thighs).
It's so cool!
White Blood Cell,
you should wear cooler clothes while you're working!
Yeah, I guess so.
Hey, you. You're a White Blood Cell, and you got heat stroke?
What a dummy!
And so, for a while, the blood cells all cooled off.
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
White Blood Cell!
PRIDE SINCERITY
It looks like I'm going to get a kouhai of my own!
Is that right?
Give it your all, Senpai!
Next episode of Cells at Work!, Hemorrhagic Shock!
Hey, come on! Me, a senpai?
EPISODE 12: HEMORRHAGIC SHOCK (PART 1)
I wonder if she's up to it.
