The Third Plate
Twenty
Tadokoro Megumi, Takumi Aldini, and Dojima Gin.
They will be Team Dojima.
Dojima
Yukihira Soma, Nakiri Erina, and Saiba Joichiro.
They will be Team Saiba.
Saiba
As for the rules, you may not say a single word to each other while cooking.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
Erina's Diligent Studies
As such, there will be a Team Shokugeki on Rebun Island.
What do you all think?
Are you all right with this?
I'm fine with it.
Kinokuni Nene
What about you guys?
Are you game?
A Team Shokugeki!
How bold!
It's not a bad idea, though.
It is a good opportunity to annihilate those who would oppose Central.
Yeah.
That's check again, So-myan.
I think it's a good idea, too.
We can beat up all the rebels in one go.
Right, Bucchi?
Let me join the fight, too!
I need to be the one who crushes Yukihira Soma!
But would you be okay, Eizan?
Huh?
What are you saying, Tsukasa-san?
Well...
I was just thinking it wouldn't do to have you lose again.
Tsukasa, you idiot!
What, Rindo?
Do you have no sympathy for the underclassmen?!
Eizan suffered a crushing loss to a first-year brat!
Feel sorry for him, okay?! Be nice to him!
Eizan, I feel for you.
Hey!
That's my cell!
I hate how barbaric you are.
So we'll have four opponents?
Kinokuni Nene
Should we just face them with the same headcount?
Well, that is a valid strategy.
But given the occasion, let's go all out.
Teamwork in the kitchen only happens after many years of training.
And yet here they are, without speaking a word to each other.
Indeed.
I wonder if either team can even complete the dish.
We're to make hachis Parmentier,
a dish made from layers of mashed potatoes, cheese, and meat sauce, but...
Why has he put out anchovies, basil, and a flat serving dish?
Eventually, I'll challenge you to a Shokugeki.
I swear I'll settle the score
from our match on the first day of camp during the Autumn Elections!
After all that talk,
I lost before I could even face him again.
He even got the knife that's more important than my own life back to me.
Shit, shit!
Shit!
I have to change!
I am Takumi Aldini, a first-year high school student at Totsuki Academy.
I have come for the Stagiaire!
Thank you for having me.
Takumi!
Twenty servings plated, stat!
Got it!
I'm shocked that the chief let a student into the kitchen after the first day or two.
He was done in by those eyes.
There's a fiery resolution in those blue eyes of his.
I have to destroy what I've come to consider Aldini cooking.
I have to shatter who I've been!
White wine vinegar, olive oil, and a blender.
I see.
If it'll be served on a plate, there will need to be a sauce!
Chef Dojima is requesting anchoyade sauce.
What is that, Chef?
Soffritto,
a paste used in Italian cuisine.
It's made by slowly sauteeing onions and
garlic with red and green bell peppers in olive oil.
It's a close cousin to the onion, carrot,
Mirepoix
Soffritto
and celery-based mirepoix used in French cuisine.
But the additional bell peppers in Italian soffritto
results in a sweeter, richer paste that goes well with the dish's sauce.
But soffritto is not used in typical hachis Parmentier.
Why here, then?
Is he trying to extend his response to Chef Dojima's improvisation
by improvising on his own to further enhance the dish's taste?
He's grown.
I can sense a new determination that is almost an obsession within him.
Why are you faltering, Yukihira?
Our goal is to get Isami and the others back into Totsuki.
And yet you're going let yourself stumble here?
So what if this is just a mock battle?
This is a kitchen
The battleground for you and me!
You're rightthat's the Takumi Aldini I know.
You're getting me all fired up!
There's only one thing to do here.
Discern Saiba-sama's intentions and respond to the best of my abilities!
Hachis Parmentier has three main components.
A rich meat sauce with well-browned ground meat,
creamy mashed potatoes called pomme puree,
and cheese.
The components are layered, then baked to form the final dish.
And yet, Saiba-sama is making... crepes?
What am I supposed to do?
What does he want?!
Is he making dessert?
It's no small wonder that his support staff are confused.
Oh, the washcloth boy's doing something.
He's prepping potatoes and cheese.
Those ingredients are typical for hachis Parmentier.
Uh, I think they're around here...
Oh, there it is!
Dried Young Sardines
What?!
Why dried young sardines?!
The fish's briny smell is good,
but I have no idea what they're making any more.
There's no way this dish will be even halfway decent.
I have no idea what these two are thinking.
No, you do actually know.
Remember, Nakiri Erina.
Remember what you experienced at Polar Star Dormitory.
There, you found that unexpected solutions would arise
from chaotic ideas clashing together.
What these two are doing must be the same.
By throwing their ideas and egos at each other,
they're hoping to create something that cannot be created through harmony.
That is the challenge set before us by Saiba-sama.
It's an unthinkable way to cook, from my perfectionist standpoint.
Fine, I get it.
I'll come along for the ride!
What?!
Erina-sama?!
She's cooking a steak!
That's what the dish is supposed to be?!
No, hachis Parmentier is supposed to use finely minced meat or ground meat.
I'm taken aback.
Erina-sama has always aimed to uphold mainstream, elite gourmet food.
I can't imagine her doing such avant garde cooking.
This may be the moment when she truly begins...
her real serious training.
Time's up!
Both teams, serve your dish!
Now, we taste the hachis Parmentier!
Wow!
What's that? It's so cute!
Dojima
What are the green dots?
The browned cheese and rich meat sauce...
What a rich, sweet smellso exciting!
Is this dish really hachis Parmentier?!
Saiba
Crepe, dried young sardines, and steak...
I have no idea what it'll taste like.
Let us evaluate each dish
or so I'd like to say.
But in this match, you four will decide the outcome!
What?!
This match will conclude with both sides tasting their dishes!
What's going on here?
I guess we'll just have to do the tasting.
Right.
Wow!
What a smooth pommes puree.
It's like an impossibly fine cotton candy made by magic.
What beautiful layers of pommes puree and meat sauce.
There is a nice bulkiness to it.
The vivid design with the green sauce adds visual interest as well.
There's cubed meat inside!
This is
It's piping hot, but...
Yeah. It's impossible to resist eating it, even though it almost burns the tongue.
That's one of hachis Parmentier's...
How about you all?
Please, have a taste.
Wow!
Such depth!
How can it taste like this?!
So this is the power of Totsuki!
So, which team won?
Point at the victor!
Which one...
Impossible!
What's going on?
Both teams admitted their own defeat?
But even Erina-sama, with her god tongue...
In high-end restaurants, meat sauce is basically ground beef stew.
In your dish, the meat sauce constitutes a firm foundation of flavor.
Parmesan Cheese
Meat Sauce
Anchoyade Sauce
Espagnole Sauce
Pommes Puree
Aldini-kun's soffritto has given the ground beef a deeper sweetness!
Also, the soffritto is used in the Espagnole sauce.
This must be Tadokoro-san's inspiration, correct?
Impressive.
Lastly, the anchoyade sauce used to accent the dish
was placed in dots, creating a varied flavor profile
as well as visual interest.
If I were to make a comparison...
It is like listening to an impeccable jam session by a jazz band,
where harmony and symphony quietly shine amidst all the improvisation,
and the band leader strikes a pleasant rhythm on percussion.
I'm not convinced.
What?
What about the bold reinterpretation
of the three main components of the hachis Parmentier in your dish,
which opened the door to an entirely new realm of possibilities?
Yukihira guessed that Joichiro-san intended to wrap the ingredients in a crepe,
and thought to make a crunchy pommes galette with cheese, potatoes, and dried sardines
Dried Young Sardines
to include in the crepe along with the pommes puree.
Cheese
Pommes Puree
Crepe
Pommes Galette
Sardines
That allowed the dish to have a chewy, crispy texture
and seafood flavor it otherwise would not have.
And to think Nakiri-san would add her own innovation as well!
Yeah, I was really surprised.
She cooked one of the best beef cuts, the entrecote, until it was well done,
then created a sauce made by simmering down an entire bottle of Bordeaux wine
into a concentrated Bordelaise sauce for the meat,
and had the whole thing go inside the crepe!
Right, it's a specialized meat sauce that has an undeniable meatiness to it!
Her response to the assigned topic was to add even more texture to the dish!
If I were to make a comparison...
It's worthy of being called avant garde art, a collaboration provoked
by the team lead calling for different artists to bring their own ideas to the table!
But the sauce was way too left field.
The dish would have come together more
if I had leveraged the sardines' flavor better.
What are you saying?!
It was a great idea!
Yeah, it sure was!
Nakiri-san, you had a big smile on your face when you made it.
Yup.
You looked like you were having real fun making it.
What now? Why are you all making fun of me?!
Aldini-kun and Tadokoro-san, what you two did is more amazing!
I'm saying that as someone with the god tongue, so there's no mistake!
Our dish barely qualifies as the assigned topic!
What are you saying?
You should get more credit for being able to bring
such strong components together!
If that's the case,
Tadokoro-san should get the highest recognition
for providing such strong support behind the scenes!
Th-Th-Th-That's not true!
That is true!
Tadokoro, you're impressive, too! Man!
In order to make teamwork happen in a Team Shokugeki,
it's critical for each team member to experience the others' abilities first-hand.
This match allowed them to realize what challenges each of them overcame
You guys won.
You don't get to decide.
and what techniques and determination they gained as a result.
Just accept it.
Well, let's say both dishes tasted great.
Yeah!
The training has worked out well.
So it's a draw.
Yeah.
Erina, that was an interesting dish.
You looked like you were having fun.
Not you making fun of me, too, Grandfather!
I was just inspired by Saiba-sama and Yukihira-kun.
If I were alone, I would not have been able to
Indeed, that is how they have been galvanizing each other.
For that family, clashing the way they did is typical.
That is why Yukihira Soma was not cowed by this match
Ruffle
and made Joichiro accept his contribution.
Ruffle
But I couldn't dream of doing something like that with my father.
I can't imagine asking him for a favor like that.
Why not ask?
You're his daughter.
You should learn to be selfish sometimes, Erina.
Saiba-senpai and the others are on Tsukikage 4 .
Here, their train's route and a different route meet.
We will meet them here tomorrow
and specify the rules for the match.
Erina...
I wonder if you enjoyed your playtime outside.
It's time to hear what you have to say.
So this is where we'll convene to decide the rules.
Is it really here? It's in the middle of nowhere.
So where are our opponents?
Oh, there!
This was a faster way to come.
The others should arrive soon, too.
We're all here now.
It's so cold.
Let's get this over with.
All six turncoat Elite Ten members are here, it seems.
Eizan-senpai, it's been a while since the last Shokugeki
I'll crush you!
Um...
Crush!
Uh...
Crush!
Okay.
Crush!
Crush, crush, crush, crush...
His intentions are transparent.
Go on, Kinokuni.
Understood.
Once the final stage exams are complete,
a special examination hall will be set on the southern tip of Rebun Island
to serve as the Team Shokugeki arena.
Students who are continuing to travel north while clearing their advancement exams,
Nice. You're going to make this into a spectacle.
Yeah, to show us rebels being defeated.
Very well.
Do we agree that the winning team will take all Elite Ten seats?
I have no objections.
Let's not place specific limitations on how many members can be on each team.
That is a unique characteristic of a Team Shokugeki,
and Saiba-senpai has previously participated in a one-on-fifty match, hasn't he?
Really?
If you have any other supporters,
I don't care if you were to bring fifty or a hundred.
Now that almost all the rebels have been expelled,
I imagine that would be difficult, however.
You're in quite a good mood, Azami.
But should Yukihira and the others win and become Elite Ten members,
they can remove you from your position as director.
Central will be disbanded,
and your so-called revolution will be all for naught.
If we win, all the rebels will be expelled.
And Saiba-senpai will become my ally.
Nothing would make me happier.
You're right.
And if they lose, I will also close Yukihira down.
If I may interrupt,
all we're thinking about here is how to get our friends back in the academy.
This is why we're doing this Shokugeki!
That's right!
Don't you ever forget that.
I am aware.
Huh?
Totsuki Teahouse Culinary Academy Totsuki
Student handbooks?
Could they be from our friends who were defeated in the third exam stage?
They have no further need of these, after all.
Totsuki Teahouse Culinary Academy Student I.D. Yoshino Yuki
I had them hand theirs over.
This symbolizes our identity as Totsuki students.
Hey, what do you think you're doing?!
Give Bucchi back, So-myan!
Let us treat ours equally, since they represent our lives as the Elite Ten.
You suck!
How dare you use my Bucchi like some kind of convenient bag?
I've seen you pinch and pull at it all the time. Look who's talking.
Saito-senpai...
Always uphold a fair and just match.
Showing one's willingness to do so is the spirit of a samurai!
If you want yours back, face us.
We'll meet you head-on.
We'll keep the student handbooks safe.
That reminds me, Erina.
Of course, you will be participating in the Team Shokugeki as one of our team members.
Hey, now. What are you saying?
Why do you get to decide that, Nakamura-senpai?
That's my line.
The director and the Elite Ten Council constitute Central's leadership.
Which means that, as the tenth seat,
Erina is part of Central from an org chart perspective.
It is only to be expected that she face the rebels.
But...
Your time as a runaway is over, Erina.
Come back.
It's time to stop being so selfish.
Nakiri-san!
This is bad...
Nakiri is a doormat when it comes to her dad.
Father...
She took a deep breath?
Another one!
A third!
A fourth!
No, a lot of deep breaths!
I understand your point of view, Father.
Then I will relinquish my responsibilities as the Elite Ten's tenth seat!
From now on, I am just Nakiri Erina!
Otherwise, I will not be able to say that I stand with them both body and soul.
She's throwing her rank away?!
To think that you'd ever come to oppose me with a different opinion...
Very well, Erina.
However, should your side lose...
Erina, you alone will have to accept a different condition.
Expulsion is too easy a consequence.
You will have to aid Central for the rest of your life.
You will do as your father tells you
and never disobey me again.
Understood?
Understood.
Brr...
Later, Yukihira Soma.
The matter will be settled at Rebun Island, then.
Got it.
Hey, Nakiri.
Whoa!
She's got a ton of adrenaline.
Are you okay, Nakiri-san?
Should we win the Team Shokugeki and crush the current Elite Ten,
I will be enthroned as the first seat of the Elite Ten!
I will be victorious in this battle to become the true queen of fine dining!
You all are loyal attendants of the queen!
Consider it an honor!
How wonderful.
As I'd thought, it suits you to act like a queen.
I'm glad you seem to be feeling better.
Boo...
I'm the one who'll be at the top!
Underlings should stay quiet!
Don't underestimate the diners that serve the masses!
Are you saying you can't respect the god tongue?
What?!
Dad!
Dad, say something!
Don't cheat!
Dragging Saiba-sama into this is against the rules!
I'm proud of you.
I didn't think you'd stand up to your pig-headed dad!
I may have been influenced by a different family's ways.
Did you set the
practice teams as you did yesterday because you saw even this coming?
Oh, I am not clairvoyant.
I just wanted her to learn something from those two.
Always the educator.
Well, after hearing Nakiri say it like that,
I guess we all need to bet our lives on this thing!
All right!
Guys, bring out your student handbooks!
Here!
You were the first one to rev us up
by telling us to survive the advancement exams.
You're our rallying cry.
Our lives are in your hands, Nakiri.
Leave it to me!
Totsuki
Next Episode The Pioneer of the Wastelands
Food Wars
The Third Plate
We were at a crossroads named departure.
