The Third Plate
Twenty-One
Nakamura-senpai said earlier today that you'd soloed
a Team Shokugeki against fifty opponents.
Right.
Well, I guess that did happen.
And Nakamura-senpai was in the Polar Star Dormitory like you, right?
If that's true,
why'd he start talking about shutting down the dorm and changing up the academy?
What is this, 21 Questions?
I'm just starting to figure out that I actually don't know
what kind of chef you were before.
All right, I'll tell you the story.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
The Pioneer of the Wastelands
Oh?
You guys training for the Team Shokugeki already?
You're so gung-ho.
Well, I intend to crush them utterly if we are going to defeat them anyway.
You're so serious, Nene.
Figuring out what I'm going to eat tomorrow is more important to me.
Hokkaido Guidebook Map
What?
Nakiri-san already went to sleep?
Yes, she must be exhausted.
After all, she stood up to her father for the first time in her life.
I will relinquish my responsibilities as the Elite Ten's tenth seat!
From now on, I am just Nakiri Erina!
But I surmise that she must be having the best sleep of her life, too.
Yes, definitely!
It's been bothering me for a while.
Why is Nakiri Azami so obsessed with Joichiro-san?
Can you tell me why, Chef Dojima?
What happened during your time as students?
True, it is something you should know.
You should hear this as well, Tadokoro-kun.
Oh, okay.
This photo was taken when you were students.
I still remember it like it happened only yesterday.
The shining star of our generation was undeniably Joichiro.
By my count, of the 121 times he and I had a Shokugeki,
121 matches
I won 20 times and lost 101 times.
20 wins
101 losses
What?!
Even you, Chef Dojima?
You lost that many times?
Your rank in the Elite Ten is determined not only by Shokugeki outcomes,
but also by factors such as grades and contributions to the Academy.
Joichiro may have been number one in terms of culinary skill,
but he was late to classes, if he showed up at all.
Even after joining the Elite Ten, he ignored his responsibilities.
He was also known as an eccentric.
Like peas in a pod, those two.
Like father, like son.
Alike, huh?
Anyway, all of us met him
Saiba Joichiro, the chef
with his genius in full bloom.
Congratulations!! Dojima Gin, 6th Seat Saiba Joichiro, 7th Seat Also Saiba-Senpai for 1st Place in the Competition
Congratulations on joining the Elite Ten Council!
1st Year, High School Saiba Joichiro
1st Year, High School Dojima Gin
Congratulations!
Joichiro-senpai, Gin-senpai, you're both so cool!
You've become the sixth and seventh seats
just as you're about to become second-years!
Well done, both of you!
Oh, thanks.
It hasn't really sunk in yet that I've become one of the Elite Ten.
Why is Dojima-senpai exhausted?
Saiba-kun was competing in an external competition
until right before the induction ceremony.
Professional Chefs Association of Japan 40th French Cuisine New Star Competition
Dojima-kun worked really hard to get him back in time.
Joichiro!
2nd Year, Junior High Nakamura Azami
Saiba-senpai, what dish did you win the contest with this time?
Oh, I made this porcini pie dish that was a huge hit.
And, and?
Oh, and as the finishing touch, I
Hey, can you stop oozing that dark aura of yours?
I can almost hear a voice over saying, Now, tell me what you did
so that my cooking will advance.
That's uncalled for.
I'm just hoping that I can get remotely close to your level, Saiba-senpai.
Close? You obviously mean surpass.
That's not true at all!
All right!
Let's have another cooking match today, guys!
What should we wager?
The loser will take on bathroom cleaning duties tomorrow!
I'll take a pass.
Hey!
You still haven't gotten over losing to me last time, have you?!
People with thin skin won't succeed in life, you know.
Joichiro, be nice.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, you can be the judge, Nakamura.
All right.
Let's begin!
Joichiro's path was headed straight into a storm-torn wasteland.
But he advanced without any fear.
With a single step, he'd create a path.
With a single swing of his chef's knife, he'd open a whole new world of flavor.
Don't be scared, guys.
Let's go as far as we can go.
Yeah!
I'll keep up with you, no matter how far we go.
That was our life back then.
Honing our skills with a genius whose skills denied description,
our days were filled with sheer joy.
Wow.
How'd you find something this good in that storm?
I didn't exactly like my name, Gin, which means silver, back then.
Silver
People would tease me, saying it was as though I was announcing
that I'm always in second place.
Silver
Gold
But after I met Joichiro, I didn't care anymore if I was in second place.
I just wanted to walk with him, side-by-side.
I'm sure Nakamura Azami felt the same way.
But our worlds began to quietly diverge from Joichiro's.
Hosted by the Japan Shokuei Association New Dish Competition Junior Division
Hall
Today's dish was also wonderful.
We expect nothing less, Saiba-kun!
Thanks!
Today's dish took quite a lot of effort during the testing process
So, what dish are you thinking of next?
You're going to show us even better flavors, right?
We're looking forward to it, Saiba-kun!
After a time, Joichiro began to exhibit a curious habit.
He began to make peculiar, disgusting food.
Shiomi?
Seventh Seat, Elite Ten Saiba Joichiro (2nd Year, H.S.)
Here's one of my new creations.
I've told you many times that I don't want any disgusting dishes!
First Year, Junior High Shiomi Jun
Come on, don't be a bad sport.
I've been sharing my dishes with you since your first day at the dorm.
Sixth Seat, Elite Ten Dojima Gin (2nd Year, H.S.)
This one tastes good. Try it!
Don't hold back!
How is it?
You're in love with my food now, aren't you?
Still, he was still going full speed in competitions and Shokugekis
He crushed all of them.
Conference Room
I heard Joichiro's qualified for that competition next year.
You mean... for BLUE?
Yeah, there'll be an official announcement soon.
Wow!
You did it, Joichiro!
Thanks. Well, I'll try my best.
I'll get in someday, too.
I'm not jealous or anything.
The BLUE!
It's the ultimate competition in the fine dining world
for newcomer chefs who managed to pass the qualifying rounds from around the world.
Victory would assure you a bright future and world-class fame!
Saiba, I hear you're going to compete in BLUE?
I'm really looking forward to it! I bet you'll win the gold.
Saiba! Hey, it's Saiba!
Oh, thanks.
Hey, Saiba.
Congrats on qualifying for BLUE.
Thanks.
But there are those who are wondering
if you've bribed the selection committee members.
I bet students who are serious about their cooking
won't be satisfied without a Shokugeki
where your qualification for BLUE is on the line.
That includes me, of course.
He's the Sawatsubashi family's heir, isn't he?
I hear he didn't manage to get into the Elite Ten...
He didn't manage to qualify for BLUE, either, so this is just a grudge.
Or is it beneath Einstein to face off with us now?
Let's go, Joichiro.
He's just trying to get your goat.
There's no need to entertain him
Since you insist, I'd like to see what you're made of.
You have a lot of people with you.
Why don't we celebrate the occasion by doing one of those...
You know, the Team Shokugeki.
Great!
Let's do it.
Gather up your friends, too, then.
I don't need any.
I can handle it by myself.
Joichiro!
Why did you agree to do this, Joichiro?
He's right.
At least let us help
Don't interfere.
For some reason, I had a very bad feeling about the whole thing
I felt this Shokugeki would cause Joichiro to go somewhere far away.
Saiba Joichiro
First bout, victor: Saiba Joichiro!
Second bout, victor: Saiba Joichiro!
Saiba Joichiro
Third bout, victor: Saiba Joichiro!
He's undefeatable!
Just come at me in groups of ten already.
I'll face you all together.
Bastard! Don't underestimate us!
Saiba Joichiro
Fifth bout, victor: Saiba Joichiro!
How's this possible?
How is he even using his brain and senses to come up with this stuff?
Is it because he's a genius?
That's right.
Geniuses have it easy.
You, face me next round.
I'll take you on.
Well, um, I think I'd rather
Hey, how's that supposed to work?
You've never even thought to imagine how hard it is
to be a pioneer, going in new directions.
This is just a game to you, huh?!
You think you're all in, but you're not
Quit your bitching about how you're all serious about cooking!
If you don't intend to serve a dish, then just quit already.
The Team Shokugeki is an overwhelming victory for Saiba Joichiro,
who was the sole competitor on his team.
How's that possible?
Th-That was kind of...
Yeah, scary.
He's different now.
Joichiro...
How wonderful.
People had praised him, calling him a true genius, a revolutionary,
and a pioneer of fine dining.
That day, he gained another nickname
Demon
The Demon.
And then we became third-years.
They're from Polar Star Dormitory!
I became the first seat,
and Joichiro was the second seat.
Nakamura Azami (1st Year, H.S.)
Ebisawa Riko (2nd Year, H.S.)
Shiomi Jun (2nd Year, J.H.S.)
Azami was the third seat.
The fourth seat was Ebisawa Riko from Polar Star,
followed by Shiomi Jun, who was in junior high at the time.
Polar Star was in the midst of a golden age.
There were so many dorm applicants that Fumio-san was at her wits' end.
You failed the entrance exam!
You, too!
Go camp out!
Hosted by the Japanese Cuisine Promotion Association New Dish Competition
Joichiro was continuing to crush all the external competitions.
The main ingredient is Tosa wagyu beef.
To highlight the meat's flavors to the utmost degree,
I used tomato-flavored consomme and cultured butter to heighten the fragrance
then created a sukiyaki-style dish using a sweet soy-based simmering sauce.
Enjoy.
Heiress, Japanese Restaurant Kuraki Kuraki Shino (Age 17)
I am a daughter of the venerable Japanese restaurant, Kuraki!
No matter the dish, I must maintain my dignity
Oh, no!
Overall winner: Saiba Joichiro from Totsuki Academy!
I'm looking forward to next time!
Um, Saiba-senpai...
You don't make any disgusting dishes anymore.
Huh? Shiomi, I didn't know you were craving more.
N-No one's craving anything!
You can't play with food!
But you seemed to have so much fun making them.
I was just wondering why you'd stopped.
What's there to worry about?
He's wielding his chef's knife like a weapon.
That aura of his is befitting a chef at the height of his powers.
I truly admire him.
That may be true,
but ever since he defeated fifty contestants in that Team Shokugeki,
no one in the academy will challenge Joichiro.
Only you and me, and sometimes Ebisawa, will do a match.
Of course, he's making up for that by taking on external competitions, but...
I feel like that's only a diversion for him.
This is the real deal!
Sponsor, Kita Gastronomy Club Kita Osaji
You keep finding new solutions far beyond our imagination!
Saiba-han!
We're looking forward to your next creation at BLUE as well, Saiba-kun.
Thanks.
The world-famous Totsuki Academy has produced a talent
that's only seen once every hundred years.
His name is Saiba Joichiro.
I am absolutely certain
that the dish he'll serve at BLUE
will be remembered for centuries to come!
Saiba-senpai is amazing!
He's such a genius.
I'm sure he'll pull it off!
So what will be your next dish?
What's your next goal?
What's next?
Saiba-han!
Forward...
On to the next creation...
On to a new... world of flavor...
To the next... goal...
It's finally tomorrow.
You should get a good night's rest.
I'm happy that I'm able to see Saiba-senpai's evolution up close.
Joichiro...
Well, just try your best.
Joichiro? You're not ready yet?
Your ride will be here soon.
Joichiro?
Saiba-senpai's gone?!
How could he ditch BLUE?!
I hope he didn't have any strange ideas.
Strange? You don't mean
Calm down!
I'll head to the competition and explain the situation.
The rest of you, fan out and search everywhere in the Academy!
Now, go!
Polar Star Dormitory
R-Right!
Saiba-senpai!
Where are you, Saiba-senpai?
Those disgusting dishes were a way for you to blow off steam, huh?
Every day, people kept asking you to reach greater heights
no matter how high you've already climbed.
Your blood, sweat, and tears were summed up as simple genius.
When was the last time you were truly happy when you cooked?
Could it be...?
Everyone's worried about you.
You won't make it in time for BLUE now,
but I guess there's no point crying over spilt milk
BLUE?
Oh, that BLUE.
Yeah, I know. I know.
Joichiro?
Huh?
Gin?
Oh, Gin!
Why are you here?
I thought I might find you here in Gatten Hall.
Oh.
It brings back memories, you know?
The Autumn Elections finals where I faced you.
That was fun, wasn't it, Gin?
But now, I can barely breathe.
I thought I should get ready for tomorrow.
I thought, I need to head toward my next goal.
And then... I...
I kind of lost track of what I'm doing
and where I am.
I don't know what I'm doing anymore.
Demon
Joichiro was no demon.
He was a boy with delicate sensibilities, just like the rest of us.
I'm sorry, Joichiro!
We let you go ahead all alone!
He's been swallowed up by the storm.
Director!
I had a premonition back during the Autumn Elections.
Too great a talent will turn against itself in the end.
Saiba Joichiro... Leave Japan for a while.
And leave cooking, as well.
That is what you need right now.
Later, Gin, Nakamura!
Sorry!
He had a lighthearted grin, as though he'd just stood us up for a meet-up.
That was the last I saw of him as a student.
So that's what happened.
You don't have to take anything I said to heart.
That story has nothing to do with your generation, anyway.
Sorry, I fell asleep.
Hey! I didn't think you were actually ignoring me!
No, I just nodded off for a split second.
Uh-huh...
I thought Nakamura-senpai hated you because you'd done something really bad to him,
so I'm kind of relieved.
A lot happened to you, huh, Dad?
Don't you think I was pathetic back then?
Whatever the reason, I ran away from cooking.
But you're cooking right now, Dad.
So it's all fine and good, right?
All right, Soma.
Let's have a cooking match.
Huh?
I had no idea that Joichiro-san had a past like that.
But Chef Dojima, I still don't understand.
Why is Nakiri Azami acting the way he is?
Joichiro was his idol. I think he struggled with Joichiro's breakdown in his own way
and is now seeking vengeance for that past.
Looking back, I think he may have needed even more help than Joichiro.
Hey, Soma.
How many times have you lost to me again?
Four hundred and ninety times.
Losses
Wins
That's your strength, Soma.
You enjoy any obstacle,
and you try to confront your weaknesses to the very end.
It is an invaluable strength.
If you had been in my shoes,
I wonder what you would've looked like then.
Of course you would.
Hello, this is Dojima.
Hey, Gin! It's me!
Joichiro?!
How are you doing?
This happened a ways back, but I'm back in Japan.
What?!
I have a kid now, too.
I'm happily cooking at a restaurant called Yukihira.
Huh? Yuki?
Oh, I have customers, so I have to go.
Bye!
Hey!
I see. He's cooking again.
Yukihira Soma
Family operates a diner called Yukihira Diner. Father: Yukihira Joichiro
I could tell right away
that this boy was one of the people who saved Joichiro from the storm.
Yukihira Soma...
As Joichiro's friend, I am deeply grateful that Soma was born as his son.
All right!
I'm gonna win today, Dad!
I can't wait for the Team Shokugeki, Saiba-senpai.
Later, Gin, Nakamura!
Sorry!
A just world where no chef will lose their way
I am going to save Totsuki and the world of cooking.
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode To the Final Battleground
Onward on our journey to victory!
