The Third Plate
Fourteen
Come!
If you are true chefs with any pride at all,
follow me!
If that's how Erinacchi's putting it...
Let's do it!
Let's all become second-years!
Yeah!
That's how you should be, Nakiri!
You're at your best when you're being prickly and harsh.
Hmph.
I just said what came to mind.
I owe it to the people of this dorm.
That's right.
What I learned from them
is the most important thing for me to take a step forward.
And...
I owe you one, too, Yukihira Soma.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
Onward on the Totsuki Train
Wow.
Every single one of these dishes demonstrate superb craftsmanship.
To think that Director Azami himself would be teaching us!
This concludes the special lesson preceding the advancement exams.
You will be able to take the exam without any fear,
so long as you master the techniques we have shown you here,
as you see how Central's antagonists falter and fail.
Yes, sir!
It is tradition to hold the annual advancement exams for first-years in Hokkaido.
Advancement Exams
Hokkaido, huh.
Is it going to be like the camp from hell?
There are many similarities,
but there is one major difference.
We will be changing locations after we clear every topic.
We begin at the prefecture's southern tip,
then continue moving north as we clear each stage of the exams.
The academy possesses many lodging facilities across the prefecture, you see.
Huh, so we're gonna travel all over Hokkaido.
That's pretty grand.
There are points where the route diverges, as well.
The final stage of the exams occurs on this isolated island at the very north.
There's no doubt that ingredients Hokkaido
is known for will be featured this year, as well.
But the situation has changed drastically,
given that everything is now under Central's control.
Yes, that's why you all must prepare.
Prepare so that you can be flexible when you get there!
For the next seven days until our departure,
I'll hold a Hokkaido seminar for you!
What's with the sexy teacher get-up?
A Hokkaido seminar?!
I have been exposed to a wide variety of ingredients from across
the country since childhood.
Those from Hokkaido were no exception.
I am going to impart my knowledge to you.
I'm giving you more ammunition!
Ammunition you can use to fight your way through the exams!
Also...
I'll be a bit harsh, but I will not allow any complaining.
I trust you will keep up?
Yes!
Huh?
Hm?
Oh.
Hello, Mito-san.
Potatoes.
These are essential in any discussion of Hokkaido's culinary scene.
Indeed. Hokkaido produces 80 percent of the nation's potatoes.
Fifty varieties are grown there.
To start, I'll have you memorize the characteristics of all the varieties.
Huh?! All 50 varieties?!
After we're done with potatoes,
I'll hammer in knowledge of all other ingredients unique to Hokkaido,
such as vegetables, seafood, beef, and wild game.
But there's only a week left!
That's right!
Put your backs to it!
Erina-sama... so cool.
She's really fired up.
I bet Nakiri Azami has no idea this is happening.
Hey!
Yukihira...
Mito-san!
Aldini Brothers!
You all should attend my seminar, too!
Huh?
Us, too?
You're also against Central's methods, aren't you?
You have nothing to lose by listening in, then.
Yup, yup.
Toyohiro, Snowden, Kita Hime, Sayaka...
May Queen, Toya, Kita Akari, Kona Fubuki, Early Starch...
Why do you look like this doesn't concern you?
You have to attend the seminar, too!
Fine, fine.
But you know what, Nakiri?
Will this really help in the exams?
We don't even know what the academy's gonna throw at us.
As long as they continue assigning topics,
there will always be a way to come up with an answer,
just like you have always done.
We're going to find a way.
These people are capable of that.
No, no!
You're all staying until you memorize them!
Nakiri, you shouldn't put your nose to the grindstone like that.
You should take a bath and get some rest.
This is nothing, really.
Well, I guess.
You're gonna make or break our advancement.
We definitely don't mind you working hard on this.
This concerns you, too.
You're acting like this isn't about you, but you have to pass the exams, too.
Understood?
Hey, I never thought I'd hear that from you, Nakiri.
I mean, at camp, you were all, I'll enjoy seeing you fail, and stuff.
This isn't a joke. Be serious.
Right now, I don't want anyone here...
We're going to become second-years together.
Yeah! Of course!
Hokkaido!
So pretty!
It's covered in snow!
They're all so innocent.
Snow's nothing new to me.
The three of us grew up in snow country, after all.
Snow man! Snow man!
Snow bunny!
Cut it out!
E-Erina-sensei...
Did you come here to play?
Is now the time to be frolicking in the snow?
We're sorry, Erina-sensei!
You may call me Erinacchi.
The advancement exams are also called The Tour du Nord.
The moniker may well symbolize the harsh northern lands.
Anyone who fails to pass
will be taken right to the airport by the bus you see to your right.
They will be forcibly flown to Tokyo
and immediately expelled.
Thank you for your patience.
We have arrived at the first-stage examination hall.
I guess we form teams and split off into different rooms for the first stage.
So we make one dish per five-person team?
If the team doesn't pass, all five will be expelled.
Erina-sama, the academy has already set the teams.
I see.
So I guess you guys are on my team.
They weren't really subtle about it, huh?
This means all of us rebels are being grouped up.
But why include Alice-san and Kurokiba-kun?
It's all fine by me!
It's a good opportunity to stick it to Uncle Azami.
Right, Ryo-kun?
Uh-huh.
Are the other dormitory residents and Takumi's crew in a different room?
Yeah. Mito-san and Arato-san are in the same boat like us, too.
They've all probably been put into teams like us, too.
Hmm...
Oh, where's Hayama
Erina-sama!
Erina-sama, you are on this team.
Oh, Erina-sama!
What an honor!
It'll be a pleasure to work with you.
So Erinacchi will be separated from us
so that she can safely pass the first stage.
Hi, everyone.
I am Hiroi, a Totsuki instructor and this room's examiner.
The topic for this room is salmon!
You'll pass if you can create a salmon dish that meets my standards.
Yay, salmon!
What Director Azami made?
Thank god.
Hey, aren't we lucky to have this topic?
I mean, we have the seafood specialist, Kurokiba-kun, on our team!
He did win a shokugeki that had salmon as the theme.
And you grew up in a port town, too, Megumi!
Yeah, we can do this!
Everyone's attended Director Azami's special class, correct?
Huh?
W-We didn't take any
As long as you can reproduce the dish you learned in that class,
you'll pass without a problem.
Just stay calm and start cooking, understood?
Yes, ma'am!
Hm, I see.
Talk about obvious.
H-Hmph!
Underhanded bastards! We'll turn the tables on them!
Yeah!
We'll pass as long as we can make something good!
But why salmon?
Fall is when salmon is in season.
Right now, there wouldn't be as much of a haul,
and the quality will be lower.
Choosing salmon as the topic doesn't make any sense.
True!
Huh?
Oh, but look!
All the salmon being handed out look really top notch.
You're right.
Totsuki Academy isn't too shabby.
This is for your team.
You've got to be kidding.
No way.
This won't work.
They're hocchare
salmon at the end of their strength after spawning eggs,
with flavor of the lowest quality.
Hey, Ms. Examiner
Every team now has their ingredients, correct?
Hey, don't ignore us...
You have until sundown.
Let the cooking begin!
Make the best salmon dish possible!
Oh no! It's started already.
I see how it is.
All the other rebels must be getting treated the same in the other rooms.
If you don't like what you were given,
you can go find your own salmon if you want.
Of course, that's if you can still finish the dish before sundown.
Put simply, it's absolutely impossible for you to pass now!
Wh-Wh-What should we do, Yukihira?
Well, for now...
Let's have these for dinner or something.
Wouldn't wanna waste'em.
Oh, right.
Wait, is this what we should be talking about?!
Can't we do something?!
Some trick to make a cheap ingredient into
something super delicious like you usually do?
Hmm...
The maturation technique you used in the prelim finals
isn't an option when we only have until sundown, too.
No way... Are we all just going to be expelled?
There is nothing to concern yourself about, Miss Erina.
Your father will be pleased
to have expelled those vermin.
I see nothing to concern myself about, either.
I think Nakiri mentioned something at the study group.
If I remember, I think it's called...
Do you think we can find it if we look?
Definitely.
I'd bet money on it.
Time will be pretty tight.
Who do you think I am?
When it comes to preparing seafood, I'm second to none in speed.
Huh?
Soma-kun!
All right!
We'll be the ones who'll make the best dish in this room!
Huh?
Everyone, go!
Hey!
Don't act like you're the leader here.
Let's come back before sundown!
Totsuki has bought up all the good salmon around here.
How futile.
As long as we follow Azami-sama, nothing can go wrong.
Central is absolute.
Rebelling against them is stupid.
They deserve what they get.
They should just leave Totsuki.
Rebels, begone.
How wonderful!
This is true gourmet dining as defined by Central!
You did well to cook the dish to perfection!
R-Right, thank you!
Everyone else, no need to rush.
Just cook according to Director Azami's teachings!
Understood?
Slice leeks vertically, not horizontally.
After a brief saute,
bring consomme to a simmer and infuse for twenty minutes.
Wait!
Weren't we supposed to let the fish rest before that?
While exposing it to a chilled air current?
O-Oh, right! That was close.
Huh? Why are we adding fond here?
That's what Director Azami told us to do in the class!
Just add it already!
Time to say goodbye to your friends, Erina-sama.
Please don't take it personally.
Only thirty minutes left until sundown.
I have succeeded in eradicating the rebels, per Director Azami's orders.
It seems you're done with your useless resistance.
And what were the results?
I'm sure you only found lean off-season salmon.
High-quality salmon!
What firm flesh! What glistening skin!
It's top-notch for sure!
Tokishirazu salmon!
A very rare salmon that is caught between spring and summer,
instead of in fall when salmon is generally in season.
Because they're caught before they reach maturity,
and therefore have not produced any eggs or sperm,
all available nutrients are still evenly spread throughout their body.
In other words, it's salmon at its ultimate best!
But it's caught in summer! How is it available right now?
You are aware of the brine freezing method, aren't you?
It's a flash freezing method that uses brining fluid, which does not freeze at 0 degrees.
It drastically reduces the amount of time required to
bring the ingredient to below-freezing temperatures,
which means the cell walls remain intact.
There is no loss in quality.
In other words, it's a freezing method that freezes time
a technique that epitomizes the combined wisdom of science and gourmet cuisine.
Yeah, we were lucky to find a vendor using the brining method nearby.
I'm glad they had Tokishirazu salmon in stock!
That's basic knowledge to anyone in the cutting-edge gourmet cuisine industry!
So what if you procured the ingredient?
If you can't finish a dish in time, it's pointless!
You have less than thirty minutes before the sunset deadline!
There's no way you can make a decent dish
Is it thawed enough?
The fish itself is small.
It works.
It's easier to prepare when it's half-frozen.
Who would've thought that we'd be in the same team, Yukihira-kun?
Kurokiba, can you prep that fish ultra-fast?
Who do you think I am?!
Don't tell me what to do!
Sorry!
What demonic speed!
There's no pause in their workflow.
Are they really...
What firm flesh and thick layers of fat!
It's the elegant and high-quality fat unique to Tokishirazu salmon!
All right, done!
Yuan-style Grilled Tokishirazu Salmon!
Well, have a taste
Please, have a taste.
Th-This can't be...
What?
This can't be...
Yeah? What?
This can't be!
Like a punch to the face!
And yet so light!
The exceptional quality of the sweet fat
has an impact that almost numbs the palate.
The mild sauce entangling the flesh
has crisp notes of yuzu citrus!
This dish is a head-on collision with the power
of the exquisitely fatty Tokishirazu salmon!
Hey, examiner. Maybe you underestimated us, huh?
At least, I don't let something like this get me down.
This sort of thing is just part of my daily life.
I fight it out with vendors to get good ingredients under any circumstance,
then get the dishes out to the customer. That's what a diner does.
I can't resist this taste!
You pass the first stage!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Ugh, stop acting like you're the leader!
We survived...
Thank goodness.
How'd the other rooms go?
W-Well, none of them could be failed.
Every single one of them managed to get ingredients.
We did it, Erinacchi!
We passed!
Why are you smiling?
You only passed stage one.
Do you think you have time to celebrate?
Hey, Nakiri.
Do you want to eat Tokishirazu salmon, too?
Shut up, Yukihira-kun!
To those of you who passed stage one,
you will be traveling to the stage two examination hall by train.
A train, huh?
You will board the train after dinner.
Totsuki
Wow!
It's the Tsukikage, a luxury sleeper train owned by Totsuki.
Sure looks like it'd cost a lot of money.
Traveling across Hokkaido in style on a sleeper train?
If not for the advancement exams,
it'd be the best trip ever!
You're crying tears of blood...
We'll still continue supplementary lessons on the Hokkaido seminar until lights out.
Damn it all!
Please line up to board the train.
We'll have to refocus and tough it out some more.
Yeah.
There will be many more challenging trials ahead.
That's right.
We've only just cleared the first round.
The examination topics will only become more difficult as we go farther north.
Central will move to eliminate the rebels without regard for appearances.
I'll have to do what I can to counter them while I still can.
Come in.
Nakiri-san...
Aldini-kun?
Oh, are you preparing for the study group?
Yes, I am.
So the night sky you can see through the lounge car ceiling is really pretty!
You should take a break, and come have a look.
Is it?
Okay, I will later.
Okay, later.
Nakiri-san, are you busy right now?
Sakaki-san?
I just went, but I didn't know this train even had a spa room.
The massage chair there is amazing!
I get pretty bad shoulder cramps,
but I feel ten times lighter now!
Nakiri-san, you should try it, too!
I'm sure you'll feel less tired.
O-Okay.
I will, later.
That's a promise!
Focus! Focus!
Why me, too?
Yes?
Um...
Another visitor.
Um, this is brown rice green tea from back home.
Please have some if you'd like.
It has low caffeine and has a nice fragrance,
so I think it'll help you relax.
Okay.
Okay, I'll see you later, Nakiri-san.
Good luck to both of us tomorrow.
Thank you.
Hey, Nakiri.
You hungry?
Want some fried salmon skins?
Even you showed up, Yukihira-kun.
Huh?
Why's everyone visiting me?
They should focus on their own rest if they have any time.
Oh, I think that's because everyone appreciates your study sessions.
I'm just doing what I want.
So warm...
Hey! We're coming out from the forest!
I kind of want to eat salmon roe now.
Huh? Where'd that come from?!
I mean, they're kind of similar
the stars above and salmon roe.
They both glitter and stuff.
They're not similar at all!
My goodness.
Do you have no sense of appreciation for nature?
Hey, I think it's a nice starry sky, too.
Maybe I just thought of salmon roe because I'm nibbling on salmon skin.
Just listen to yourself.
Huh?
Before, just imagining Yukihira-kun's face would make me annoyed,
but now...
Now, I don't mind so much.
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode Jean d'Arc Rises
The rails continue into the snow.
