The Third Plate
Twenty-Three
The Team Shokugeki has begun!
Instant yakisoba? Really?
Hm? What was that, Senpai?
Don't think for a second that you can beat me at soba.
Isshiki, do you have no pride?!
I heard you were removed from the seventh seat
and that you've continued to stay at some place called Polar Star Dormitory,
a hangout for riffraff.
I say this for your sake!
As a member of the Isshiki family, you should not be mingling with such lowlifes!
Uh, Shiratsu-kun, was it?
Let's have some quiet, shall we?
He butchered the eel with lightning speed!
All in one stroke of the knife!
The former seventh seat has formidable skills!
But he is no match for Central.
Let's look forward to the moment his smile is twisted by defeat.
His skills have not changed.
If he'd chosen a different path, he would've been rich beyond his wildest dreams.
Why'd he rebel against Central?
That idiot.
Jurio!
Don't be outdone by him! Show him who you are!
I'm so happy, Isshiki.
Your skills are so sublime.
Whoa!
I don't really get what's going on here, but he's into it now.
Good, good.
What was that technique Isshiki-san used just now?
He slit the eel from the stomach with such precision and speed.
He chose to slit the eel from the stomach.
It's unbelievable.
Eels have no rib cage,
so it's beyond difficult to insert a knife into the soft body cavity with precision.
Compared to slitting the eel from the back,
this method requires much more advanced knife technique.
It's hard to imagine him doing this, given how he's usually naked except for an apron.
Yeah.
Naked except for an apron? What's that about?
Tell me, Miss Secretary!
Don't call me that.
Nikumi-chan!
Don't call me that.
Slitting the eel from the back is more mainstream.
I've heard before that slitting the eel from the stomach
is a technique that developed in Kansai regions like Osaka and Kyoto.
Why would Isshiki-senpai know that?
Of course he would.
The Isshiki family has operated a traditional Japanese restaurant in Kyoto's Gion
district since the Muromachi period.
The Kinokuni family in the east, and the Isshiki family in the west...
Kinokuni Family
Isshiki Family
These two families are the two famous pillars of Japanese cuisine.
What?!
And Kinokuni-senpai and Isshiki-senpai's connection doesn't end there.
What?
A boy from another family's going to come live with us, Father?
Kinokuni
You know about the Isshiki family in Kyoto, don't you?
It's their ancient tradition.
Once the presumed heir turns four years old,
they are to be trained somewhere far away from their home.
Okay.
Kinokuni Nene (Age 4)
Our two families are very close.
He's the same age as you, so you may even become friends.
Say hello, Nene.
He is the Isshiki family's heir, Satoshi-kun.
Isshiki Satoshi (Age 4)
What? That means...
They're childhood friends?!
Huh.
I suppose that's true.
No, it's not!
He just stayed with us to train!
We didn't become close or anything!
My goodness, you're prickly as ever today, Kinokuni-kun.
Why are you so against me?
Don't act naIve.
You know why.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
Bearing Polar Star Dormitory
The Team Shokugeki is in full swing.
Here comes the First Bout!
Kaburagi Shoko VS Megishima Tosuke
The first match is the fifth seat,
Kaburagi Shoko versus the former third seat, Megishima Tosuke.
The second match is the eighth seat,
Shiratsu Jurio VS Isshiki Satoshi
Shiratsu Jurio versus the former seventh seat, Isshiki Satoshi!
Kinokuni Nene VS Yukihira Soma
The third match is the sixth seat,
Kinokuni Nene versus the son of a diner chef, Yukihira Soma!
Well, it appears the judges have just now arrived!
Allow me to introduce them to you!
Oh, judges.
They are important, indeed.
That was so heavy.
Um, Miss? Are you okay?
Um, what?
The books she's carrying!
They say WGO on them.
Could they be...?
Wow. I've never seen them in person before.
So they're the judges for this Shokugeki.
They came all the way to Japan?
Huh?
Am I the only one who's clueless here?
The World Gourmet Organization.
Their main function is to rank all
fine dining establishments worldwide out of three stars.
Their assessments are published once a year in print.
Receiving a rating of even a single star would catapult a chef into high standing.
On the other hand, there are chefs who had highly profitable businesses,
but shut down their restaurant because they lost a star and with it, all confidence.
All chefs respect and fear that organization, the WGO.
Huh.
Come to think of it, Master Shinomiya said he was going to get three stars.
I guess that's what he meant.
The printed publication of their evaluations is a bible.
Also known as The Book,
the organization's front line staff are called Bookmen.
In other words, WGO Bookmen are our judges today!
Excuse me.
I see the words Yukihira Diner on your shirt.
Oh, yeah.
My family runs a diner.
What about it?
Yukihira...
Yukihira...
There is no need to feel bad.
Huh?
Many say that if it's not listed in The Book, it's not a real restaurant.
That may be true.
But so what?
You're still here, alive!
You should be grateful to your parents!
Huh?
I think she pities me.
Hey, is it gonna be okay to have them judge us?
Idiot! Don't be rude!
Yukihira Soma!
A lowbie diner shouldn't speak up!
You only make second-rate gourmet food!
WGO would never accept such cooking
Silence!
I made fun of
I encouraged him on account of him not having received any stars yet.
Did she just say she made fun of me?
But the fact that he has zero stars
WGO Marshal, Rank 1 Anne
will have nothing to do with the dish he's to serve today.
That's right.
WGO Marshal, Rank 2 Charme
The only basis for our decision will be what's on the plate.
I swear to God and The Book that our judgment will be absolutely fair.
WGO Marshal, Rank 2 Histoire
So please make a good dish today, Yukihira Diner.
I thought you were just full of hot air,
but you say some good things.
Hang on!
It's not a very dynamic cooking process.
Is he gonna make it?
Isshiki!
You have no time to be distracted!
My dish will soon be complete!
I will crush you with this dish!
Oops. I suppose I should pick up the pace.
Hmm. I think Isshiki wants to use this match
to make a point not just to Jurio, but also to Nene and the rest of us.
All right! Done!
Well then, honored judges! Please try it!
Here it comes!
The first one up is our very own Shiratsu Jurio!
What Italian eel dish has he crafted?
Impressive.
The concentrated and refreshing flavors of the tomato
and the richness of the eel have given rise to a most delectable fragrance!
Yes, that is the dish's greatest, unique charm!
It is a collaboration between the umami and fat
of the eel, and the richness of the tomato
Capitone in Umido!
Looks delicious!
Then, without delay...
The eel's umami and fat are rushing toward me.
They are brilliantly enhanced by the flavors of olive oil and tomatoes.
Perfection!
This Capitone in Umido has been wonderfully prepared.
It sure looks really good.
But what's capitone and what's in umido?
In umido means stew.
Capitone is an eel.
However, only female eels of large size are called that.
It's considered an upscale ingredient due to its meaty, fatty flesh.
Other eels are called anguilla to differentiate them from the capitone.
There is yet another secret that refines the delicious flavor of the capitone
in these tomatoes simmered with the eel, correct?
Ha ragione!
That's right!
The San Marzano tomatoes I selected are the hidden star of the dish.
San Marzano
This tomato strain has less water content than the others,
so it prevents the stew from becoming watery, making possible the creation of a rich sauce.
The depth of flavor provided by the San Marzano tomatoes
has synergized with the spices to heighten the eel's flavors.
This polenta, made by boiling cornmeal into a thick porridge,
then finished to have a crisp outside and a tender inside, is also wonderful.
The sauce required him to enhance the garlic's fragrance
and concentrate the onion's sweetness while
reducing the water content of the tomatoes.
The dish will not be perfect unless the chef communes with the ingredients.
Jurio seems to have proven himself capable of doing so.
Numerous ingredients and their numerous melodies
have heightened each other's beauty.
A rondo, indeed!
It's as though the substantial capitone and tomatoes cleanse your body and soul...
These delicious flavors...
Meraviglioso!
Well done, Shiratsu Jurio!
It is a wonderful dish that does justice to your family's reputation!
Of course.
I've been wearing myself
to the bone to hone my skills in order to catch up to Isshiki.
All right, Isshiki Satoshi! Come at me!
Let's wrap up this ultimate sessione!
Of course I will.
The dish I'm about to serve employs several special ingredients.
Hey, that's the stuff we had stored at Polar Star Dormitory.
Several Months Ago
Yeah, I guess we can go with this.
Let's try to make our own natural cheese, Nikumicchi.
Okay. Cheese, huh.
I'm sure we can get our hands on high-quality milk through my family connections,
but we lack the knowledge.
Don't worry about that!
We have an expert in fermentation right here in Polar Star Dormitory.
Why're you so exhausted?
Huh?
I'm researching new directions for the rice juice with Marui-kun right now,
so I'm short on sleep.
I found resources!
So heavy!
Who knew making smoked food was tough manual labor?
Hey, why aren't you breaking a sweat?
Once you're done carrying that, there's more to come.
Let us take a break!
How nice! The joys of youth!
Wait, he's going to use the ingredient we came up with?
He brought it here?
Yes, I stole it myself!
Why are you looking so proud about it?
Oh, come on.
We were still in the early stages of testing!
You're charming even when you're mad, Sakaki-kun.
Shiratsu-kun, I'll show you what cooking means to me.
Isshiki Satoshi of the rebel team is now serving his dish.
Please enjoy.
My eel dish is Hitsumabushi: Polar Star Style.
Polar Star Style?
Hitsumabushi...
Typically, the dish is first enjoyed by eating chopped grilled eel with rice.
Then, the dish is savored by adding condiments such as onions and seaweed,
after which you add a liquid such as broth and green tea
and eat it like ochazuke.
The dish is meant to be enjoyed in several stages as it changes.
And yet...
It looks like a cheese risotto.
Wow, he's come up with something special.
Sorry, I know risottos are your thing, Soma-kun.
Huh, what?
Oh, I just like using rice cause my family runs a diner.
Yukihira
Insulto!
Insult!
If he just used a mishmash of ingredients made by his juniors,
there's no way he could have pulled together a coherent dish!
Let us taste this dish.
This is indeed a cheese risotto.
It seems we are to pour the contents of this pot over the dish at the very end.
The melted cheese is entangling the rice.
No!
It's so delicious, it's torture...
The Japanese peppers are what brings this risotto together.
Their vivid, sharp fragrance brings out the mild richness of the cheese
and allows the delicious flavors of the eel to explode!
And the key player tying everything together from the shadows...
Garlic?!
He used garlic in Japanese cuisine?
The smoked garlic chips made by my juniors
used walnut wood, which enhances the flavors of seafood.
By using it as crumbled topping,
it also adds some crunchy texture to the dish.
And what's most important is that this
eel was broiled in the Kansai style.
Unlike the method used in the Kanto style,
the eel is never steamed during this process.
That results in a more crisp and fragrant broiled eel
with a stronger expression of the eel's fat,
which in turn allowed me to pair it with a strong ingredient like garlic.
Above all, the garlic is infused with Ibusaki-kun's passion,
and the blood, sweat, and tears of his helpers, Aoki-kun and Sato-kun!
Of course it'd be delicious!
Don't say our sweat's in that!
Gross!
This alone is of sufficient sophistication to qualify it as a gourmet dish,
but what's inside this pot?
It's eel liver soup.
Prepared eel liver and garlic chips were sauteed in olive oil,
then this ingredient made by Sakaki-kun and Marui-kun was added
along with dried bonito stock.
It gently melds with the cheese made by Yoshino-kun and Nikumi-kun
to create a beautiful aftertaste.
Shiratsu-kun...
If you think this dish is delicious,
I'll have you apologize for insulting everyone at Polar Star Dormitory.
And I don't think of my dish as something Japanese at all
I simply made a dish I consider my own brand of cooking.
In one Shokugeki,
a gourmand who judged Isshiki Satoshi's dish characterized it as the following...
An extremely combative Japanese cuisine.
Meraviglioso!
The eel's crisp skin and sizzling fat...
The clear rich flavors of the liver soup...
The ingredients' flavors and mouthfeel have been unified
into a singular and most sublime deliciousness!
Its fragrance is too pronounced.
But that allowed it to complement the fragrant eel.
He transformed the ingredient's flaw into delicious flavor.
Well, Shiratsu-kun? How's it taste?
I don't care about myself, personally.
But I need to uphold the honor of people at the dorm.
This isn't about what I want,
but about my responsibilities as their senior.
So I'd like you to apologize.
You will, won't you?
This dish...
Now, apologize.
Shit!
Mi scusi...
I'm very sorry.
The evaluation is complete!
The winner of the first bout, second match is...
Isshiki Satoshi!
Isshiki-senpai, you're awesome.
Thank goodness.
Isshiki-senpai...
Using our ingredients without even asking...
What were you going to do if you'd lost?
I trust your work.
I'm still upset!
That was still a prototype.
Mister Isshiki, may I taste what's in the bottle?
Yes, of course.
What?
I think I understand now what you're hoping to protect in this Shokugeki.
Exercise your skills to the utmost.
You will receive an absolute and just evaluation of all your dishes
from us WGO Bookmen.
Jurio! Leave the rest to me.
You did well!
Isshiki...
Meraviglioso.
Too wonderful.
Shiratsu lost, but he looks happy somehow.
Isshiki's strengths came out full-force in that match.
So he only fights for his juniors' sake, huh.
Heh. He just loves the idea of being David to our Goliath.
That's the kind of guy he is.
Is he?
I sensed a strong resolve to uphold his own principles from him.
We still have two matches left in this bout!
First Match Kaburagi Shoko vs. Megishima Tosuke Second Match Shiratsu Jurio vs. Isshiki Satoshi Third Match Kinokuni Nene vs. Yukihira Soma
As long as Central wins them both, there will be no issues!
So precise!
So fast!
She's like a precision machine!
Highly trained soba artisans
can slice noodles to the same width, down to a tenth of a millimeter.
There is no doubt that she has reached that level.
Yukihira's starting to slice his soba noodles, too!
Although with a machine...
The difference in their intensity is pretty huge.
Yukihira... What kind of soba is he going for?
Will it be cold or warm soba?
First, I'd like to congratulate you.
Make sure you face me in the second bout.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
You're the sixth seat, and I'm the former seventh seat.
You don't have to take it so seriously
There's no need for you to play dumb anymore.
The only reason I have a higher rank than you did
is because you were never serious.
Cat's cradle or jugglingwhich one?
Nene-chan, what's this?
Oh, it's a traditional Japanese instrument called the dragon flute.
Do you want to try it?
It's really hard to even make a sound at first.
That's how you've always been.
You easily master techniques that took me a long time
while looking like you still haven't tried your hardest.
Can you even begin to understand how miserable that made me feel?
So I'll show you which one of us in the 91st class
is the best chef!
Sorry, that will unfortunately not come to pass.
Because you'll lose to a chef by the name of Yukihira Soma before that.
What?!
Oh!
Yukihira Soma's bringing something out!
It's a giant wok!
He's putting it over roaring flames!
He was actually serious?!
Instant yakisoba.
Chance Yakisoba
Chance Cup Yakisoba
All right, time for the finishing touches.
Hey, is that
Soba?!
No way.
He's stir-frying it!
He's ruining the 8:2 ratio soba he went to the trouble of making...
The delicate flavors will all be lost.
Yukihira Soma-kun, you will meet your end here.
In the end, your dish is a desperate improvisation.
I'll shatter it right along with the high expectations Isshiki has of you!
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode The Basis for Strength
The final stop is coming up. Please don't miss it.
