The Third Plate
Thirteen
Saiba Joichiro...
He's... my dad.
Saiba-sama and Yukihira-kun... father and son...
Saiba-senpai...
I will achieve a total revolution of this world
in order to save victims like you, Saiba-senpai.
Totsuki
Are we really going ahead with this?
I've said it before... I'm not the type to make public speeches...
Start talking, Tsukasa!
If only Isshiki or Nakiri were here...
And how much more time do I have before we go live?
The cameras are already rolling.
Talk!
What?!
Um, hello. I'm Tsukasa Eishi from Central.
Advancement Exam
Polar Star Dormitory
I'm here today to tell you all
about the major event awaiting high-school
first-years at the end of the second semester
the advancement exam.
Last year, more than half of the first-years left the Academy
due to the excessively rigorous exam.
But from now on, that will change.
Director Azami has liberated you from unnecessary weeding.
You can easily pass most of the exam
by demonstrating mastery of the techniques we have taught you in class.
You are no longer bound by the old, outdated system.
If you side with Central, you can all become first-rate chefs!
But the exams will also clearly demonstrate what happens to those of you
who do not fall in line with Director Azami's vision.
Um, well, that's it.
Whew, I was so nervous.
Totsuki
Next time, you or Kinokuni should do it, Rindo.
No way.
I refuse.
The advancement exam, huh.
Having it at the end of second semester sounds super early,
but I guess we'll just have to put our backs to it
if we want to be second-years, huh?
What, what?
Why are y'all so glum?
Didn't you notice anything about what they said?!
Central basically declared us rebels as targets in the exam.
That announcement was tantamount to a death sentence.
It was a notice that anyone who does not obey Nakiri Azami will be expelled!
Sorry, Mom.
Sorry, harbor folk...
You all sent me out to Tokyo for nothing.
I need to write a letter to the folks back home.
I have such fond memories of the fun we had at the camp from hell.
The camp from hell...
The Stagiaire we endured.
The Stagiaire...
What are you doing?
The Moon Festival where we all came together.
You don't have to get that depressed...
The Moon Festival...
Calm down, everyone.
You should all write letters, too.
The exams will also clearly demonstrate what happens to those of you
who do not fall in line with Director Azami's vision.
Who is it?
Door's open.
Nakiri?
What's up? You need something?
U-Um...
About the match with Tsukasa-san!
Any complaints you might have about my not choosing your dish are unfounded, okay?
It's your fault for taking on a match you couldn't have won!
Well, yeah. I was outmatched, so that was a no-brainer.
What? F-Fine, as long as you understand.
Is that all?
N-No!
I'm actually here to talk about something else.
I don't really get it, but sure, have a seat.
Until a certain day, it may have been that I...
No, I definitely did not have any strong feelings about food.
As someone with the God Tongue,
I was forced to face an overwhelming number of dishes on a daily basis.
I thought I had no choice.
No choice but to be disappointed by what I tasted every single day.
That's when I met Saiba-sama.
It was a short while after Alice left for Scandinavia.
That day, my taste-testing appointment was canceled, a rare occurrence.
There were no other visitors, so I remember it being very quiet at home.
What's that?
Grandfather...
Who are you with?
What a wonderful smell...
Hungry...
Erina?
Come now, Senzaemon-dono.
This isn't what we agreed to.
I only came because you said you'd make sure no one else would be around.
My taste-testing appointment was canceled by the client.
I see.
Erina, this man is an old friend of mine.
This is a private meal.
I'm sorry, but
I'm sorry.
I'll go now.
Hungry...
Erina-chan, was it?
I see.
So you're Azami's...
If you'd like, you may stay and try some.
It's a bit lonely with just the two of us at the table.
There you go. Go ahead.
I can feel a warm glow spreading from deep within...
This is totally different from anything else I've ever eaten.
It's fun.
I'm having fun!
U-Um...
May I know your name?
It's Saiba.
That was the first time I ever thought food was wonderful.
Then...
Never allow an imperfect dish to pass.
Anything other than what I, your father, acknowledge is trash.
Filth.
Garbage.
Six months later was when Father's education began.
I still remember the wonder I felt when I ate Saiba-sama's cooking.
But... I also understand where Father's principles are coming from.
There are so many imperfect dishes in the world...
I grew up seeing the reality of it for as long as I can remember.
I don't know anymore what food means to me.
I'm very lost, not knowing what to believe in.
Hmm...
Sorry.
I came here on an impulse,
but of course I'm just bothering you by telling you all this.
Excuse me.
Hey, hang on.
Maybe you just need to taste it one more time, huh?
I'll make it for you.
I'll make Yukihira food for you right here, right now!
Please wait a moment, Nakiri Erina-dono!
Erina-sama.
Erina-sama, where are you?
Erina-sama!
Erina-sama!
Erina-sama!
What's up, Miss Secretary?
Don't call me that!
I can't find Erina-sama anywhere!
Maybe she's using the restroom or taking a bath?
I looked, but she wasn't there!
Azami-dono may have abducted her!
That must be it!
Azami-dono took her because I let my guard down for a moment!
How could this have happened with me by her side?!
I could've prevented this with a body double or 3D printer or body-swap ninja technique
I think she's in Soma-kun's room...
What?!
You're going to have me taste Yukihira food here right now?
And what would that accomplish, exactly?
The dish Saiba-sama prepared was wonderful beyond comparison
to the likes of your crude creations!
Oh, you're not all meek anymore! You're back to your normal self.
Dad trained me hardcore at home, you know.
Maybe you'll remember something if you taste some Yukihira food, yeah?
Hmph.
And what are you planning to make?
A tempura bowl.
A tempura bowl?
Well, just wait and see.
I'll let you taste something I'm really proud of.
He totally just made that face he makes when he's about to create something grotesque!
What kind of tempura are you planning on making, Yukihira-kun?
He's going to serve that to the God Tongue.
If her sensitive palate were to meet one of Yukihira's grotesque dishes...
In the worst case scenario, death.
It'll be fine!
Soma-kun's preparing a dish because he has something he wants Nakiri-san to understand.
Megumi...
Hearing you say it...
You've got zero credibility.
Yukihira...
Soma-kun...
Bonito's good.
Batter's good.
I already had some rice soaking, so that was lucky!
Hang on tight.
I'll serve up an unbelievably tasty tempura bowl!
Yukihira Soma, you look just like you did that day...
when you were facing the Elite Ten's first seat, Tsukasa Eishi.
Despite challenging an insurmountable wall,
you still looked like you were having an incredible amount of fun cooking.
I'm sure I looked like that when I was little, too.
Erina-sama, you have a responsibility to the Nakiri family.
Please prioritize the family name over your own self.
That's the God Tongue.
I should curry favor with her now.
Hey, Erina!
I'm going to become the top chef at Totsuki Academy some day!
I think it'll be really fun to perfect the dishes I love!
I'm not going to hold back just because we're cousins!
Let's give it our best, okay?
R-Right. Okay.
Sorry, Alice.
I don't think cooking's fun at all...
You're looking depressed again.
You're usually all high and mighty,
but you sometimes get like this.
Wh-What's your point?
Perk up, will you?
After all, I'm super stoked that I can finally get back at you
for what happened the day we first met.
It's disgusting!
Just you wait!
I'll make you say delicious!
Today's the day I'll make you say delicious!
Here you go!
You have confidence, if nothing else.
What dish could you have possibly prepared for me?
I can answer that.
It's a Yukihira-Style Chicken's Egg Tempura Bowl!
Chicken's egg tempura?
What does he mean by that?
What?
The egg white is barely set,
and the yolk is perfectly soft-boiled!
It's silky smooth!
What?
So he made raw egg tempura?
How did he even fry it?
You can't just chuck a raw egg into hot oil to get a tempura egg, right?
The batter wouldn't stick to it in the first place.
No way! Did he fry it inside its shell?
Is she supposed to eat it shell and all?
Did he batter and fry a soft-boiled egg, perhaps?
No, the heat would've fully cooked the yolk.
How did he make this dish?
Mysterious, huh?
Aren't you curious?
You're as irritating as usual!
The secret's inside here.
You took the egg from the freezer?!
That's right!
This tempura was made by coating a frozen raw egg with batter!
That's the star of this tempura bowl.
Peel a frozen egg, dip it in batter,
then fry it up nice and crisp.
Drizzle a good amount of sauce on freshly-made piping-hot rice,
pair the egg tempura with fried perilla,
pour more sauce on top,
and it's done.
Well, just dig in!
I see.
But novelty foods don't impress me.
A dish with egg as its main ingredient will be simple.
That means the chef's skills and the ingredients' quality
are directly reflected by the dish!
Let's hope you won't regret serving this dish to the God Tongue.
Hey! Erinacchi's gonna taste it!
Yeah... I wonder if it's up to snuff?
Ryoko-chan?
I actually saw Yukihira-kun making a bulk purchase earlier.
Of bargain eggs...
Bargain Eggs
Sold for 106 yen a dozen...
What, bargain eggs?
That's not good.
Since infancy, Erina-sama has been surrounded by only select, high-quality ingredients.
Who knows how her body might react if she were to taste something cheap?
What?
Erinacchi!
Don't!
I could tell right away
that the egg you prepared is different from those of high-class silky fowl
and other brand name eggs.
This egg is of the same quality as those served at the common kitchen table.
It should be a far cry from refined cuisine.
And yet...
How...
How is it even possible to achieve...
such delicate and complex... flavors?!
About how freezing changes the egg...
There's another advantage to it.
It intensifies the flavor of the yolk.
The flavor... intensifies?
Freezing chicken eggs causes the proteins to coalesce into a gel-like state.
That results in a creamy, gelatinous mouthfeel,
and a much richer yolk flavor.
Basically, freezing the egg
is the single most important contributor to this dish's taste!
There's also a generous amount
of a sweet-and-spicy umami sauce, a Yukihira special blend.
It's a strongly-flavored sauce with a bonito stock base, soy sauce, and mirin.
There's no question that it pairs well with the egg and rice!
But if you used an egg that's too rich in flavor,
the overall dish would become overwhelming.
Is that why you...?
That's right!
The frozen egg's mouthfeel and richness, plus the special sauce's strong flavors
It's best to use a lighter-tasting egg to maximize the two components!
Bargain Eggs
Oh, right!
So he chose bargain eggs for a reason!
Good job, Soma-kun!
Come to think of it,
eggs were the topic you assigned back then.
Don't you think this is the perfect dish to settle our score once and for all?
How...
Hm?
How did you even come up with this idea?
It's common knowledge that freshness is key to egg quality.
Besides, isn't it the norm to focus on obtaining the
rarest and highest-quality eggs?
And yet, how did you...
How did you come up with this
Because this is more fun.
This is just my opinion,
but I don't think people who only know one correct answer
can get themselves to reach even greater heights.
Besides, above all...
Um, how did you come up with those combinations of ingredients?
Each dish was so innovative.
Unconventional, yet meticulous...
Do you know from the start that the dish will turn out well?
Nope.
What?
Whenever I test a new dish,
I'm 50 percent certain and 50 percent taking a gamble.
Even today, several dishes were using your gramps as a test subject.
Why do you go so far?
That's obvious.
If you know exactly where you're headed, it's no fun at all.
If you know exactly where you're headed, it's no fun at all.
Ah, that's right.
I remember now.
I remember now.
Listen, Erina.
Only dishes I acknowledge and Central creates can be considered food.
No.
Eradicating all else as feed from the Academy
and nurturing the entire student body into a loyal army
will strengthen Totsuki as a whole.
No.
What I advance as true gourmet food
will become absolute justice.
No!
Father, I believe the chefs and their dishes...
want to be free.
So, how was it?
How was the Yukihira special?
So, let's hear it for the taste, Nakiri.
It was delicious, yeah?
Delicious?
Right?
I've decided!
Huh?
Yukihira-kun!
Do exactly what I'm about to tell you!
Huh?
Tomorrow morning at seven o'clock!
Have all the Polar Star Dormitory first-years assemble before the entrance!
S-Sure.
Fine by me, but how was the taste?
Okay, I'm counting on you!
I have to make preparations!
H-H-H-Hey!
What about the taste?!
And one more thing!
Tell Tadokoro-san that she can dispose of the letter she was writing home.
Huh?
I wonder what happened.
The Next Morning
Brr...
It's technically winter now.
I guess we won't have much longer to breathe in the morning air at the dorm.
Our lives are over once the advancement exam happens.
I wonder what Nakiri-san wants, gathering all of us here.
Oh, she didn't tell me anything.
Erina-sama...
Oh, Erinacchi!
Ahem...
Good day, Polar Star Dormitory residents.
What the hell?
Hmph.
You all look dejected again, like before.
Huh?
It's obvious now what the
outcome of the advancement exam would be, before it even happens.
Maybe it'd be better for all of you to just leave the academy now?
Wh-What's wrong with you?!
You had us all show up just to tell us that?!
We all want to keep on cooking at this academy, too!
Why...?
You didn't have to say it like that!
It's been some time since I came into this dormitory's care.
During that time, I have sampled your creations numerous times.
At times, they tasted unusual. At other times, they tasted absurd.
I've lost count of how many times I scolded you all for it!
But your dishes were always free!
If you stay down like you are now,
you will be terminated without even getting to build on your strengths!
How pathetic!
Is that really how you want things to end?!
B-But how can we pass the exam, anyway?
There's no question about how!
You'll have to get through it with the power of your cooking!
Wow.
She's starting to sound like Yukihira.
Erina-sama!
I've started to think about what I really want to do, too.
If you have the determination to survive this,
I will support you using everything I have in my power as the God Tongue!
If you don't have the willpower to survive, then just leave now!
Those who stay will face the exam with me!
Come!
If you are true chefs with any pride at all,
follow me!
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode Onward on the Totsuki Train
Hop on that train, and go, go, go!
