Inside the human body,
roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically,
DENDRITE
All day every day.
ANTIBODY ENCYCLOPEDIA
24 hours and 365 days.
WHITE BLOOD CELL
They are all working very hard.
UNDER CONSTRUCTION
PLATELETS
This is the inside of a human body.
What is this place?
Nobody's around. What's going on?
I'm so scared!
Th-There it is!
CELL
What is this thing?
Behind me, too!
Somebody help me!
Target sighted!
Hey, are you okay?
WHITE BLOOD CELLS (NEUTROPHILS): Their main task is to eliminate foreign substances from outside, such as bacteria and viruses. Neutrophils comprise over half of the White Blood Cells in the blood.
Thank you very much!
By the way, what were you doing in a place like this?
Where are you from?
M-My name is Naive T Cell.
I'm an underling with the T Cell battalion,
a-and I'm on patrol.
But there are tons of zombies here.
What kind of place is this exactly?
NAIVE T CELL: An immature T Cell which has never encountered an antigen.
Naive T Cell.
An immature T Cell which has never encountered an antigen.
I mean, how'd you come through the wall?
It's called migration.
MIGRATION To move freely through the system.
These guys are just former common cells.
The thing is,
it seems like they got infected.
EPISODE 3: INFLUENZA
Influenza.
They've been infected by a virus.
A virus?
Right.
An influenza virus.
INFLUENZA VIRUS: A virus that can trigger influenza, an infectious disease. Falls into three main categories, A, B and C. Causes symptoms such as fevers over 100 degrees, headaches, joint pain and muscle cramping.
The influenza virus.
A virus that can trigger influenza, an infectious disease.
Falls into three main categories, A, B and C.
Causes symptoms such as fevers over 100 degrees,
headaches, joint pain and muscle cramping.
When an influenza strain that never infected humans mutates to the point that it does infect them, it is called a new influenza strain.
See, they bind to the bodies of cells and then multiply.
Our only hope is to kill them before their numbers swell any further!
You're my backup!
Huh?
Hey!
No way can I do that! I can't take on a virus!
H-Hey! Listen, you!
You're a T Cell soldier, aren't you?
I'll stay put right here so that I can at least avoid getting in your way!
Give a guy a hand, will you?
Look, they're starting to gather because we're here!
Can't do it! Too scary!
My, my...
MACROPHAGE A type of White Blood Cell. Captures and kills foreign substances such as bacteria, and finds antigens and immunity information. Also acts as a cleaner, tidying up dead cells and bacteria.
Is everything all right here?
I can see that the virus people have multiplied significantly.
A hatchet?
Now then, time to get to work!
W-Watch out!
MACROPHAGE'S DEADLY FORCE: Significantly potent.
Rest assured.
Right.
Let's see, this is...
A Type B virus.
This is Macrophage.
It appears that a Type B influenza virus has invaded this body.
Right!
Understood! Please give it your all!
Right! Goodbye!
Helper T Commander,
that was Macrophage presenting antigen information.
Very well.
We've just received word that a Type B virus has invaded this body.
Yes, yes. Yes, that's correct.
The Killer T Cells will start aggregating immediately!
I've notified each organ through Dendritic Cell,
so the Killer T Cells will soon be here to assist you.
Hey, that's great news.
The Killer T Cells?
U-Um, White Blood Cell, Macrophage,
I'm sorry!
Could you please tell them
I brought down just one of these zombies?
Why do you want us to do that?
B-Because if you don't, I...
The senpais will...
Okay, dammit, is this the place? Where are those viruses at?
KILLER T CELLS (CYTOTOXIC T CELLS): Mobilize under orders from the Helper T Cells. They kill virus-infected cells, cancer cells and the like.
The Killer T Cells are here to wipe'em all out!
Macrophage, thank you for your hard work!
Thank you for your hard work!
And thank you, as well!
Hey, so you're here, too.
Yeah.
Hey, Naive!
You let someone else do your work for you again, huh?
When are you gonna learn to pull your own weight?
And you call yourself a T Cell like us?
S-S-S-S-S-Sorry! I'm so sorry!
I see. So the senpais like to bust his chops, huh?
Yoo-hoo! We're here as backup.
Hey, there's still a whole horde of them over there!
Let's see you slaughter at least one of them this time, ya hear me, you little punk?
Got that?
C'mon, dammit!
Could you give me a yank?
Sure.
Obliterate every last one of them!
MEMORIES Memories of viruses
Listen up! Don't let your guard down, any of you!
MEMORY T CELL: Part of the Killer T Cells. Equipped to attack again when an enemy reappears for the second time.
According to my memory of encountering those guys,
compared to bacteria, the influenza virus's proliferation speed is on a different level!
Right, Memory T Cell!
Memory...
Kill'em all!
Don't allow any more common cell casualties!
Eradicate those viruses once and for all!
Hey! You join in, too!
Right!
Give it your best shot!
Th-That's right.
I've got to give it my all, too!
After all,
I'm a T Cell, too just like the senpais!
Naive!
Are you okay, Nai
Hey, you!
What are you doing, spacing out like that?
He made a run for it.
Hey, Naive!
Oh my...
Just forget about him!
For now, let's deal with the virus!
Right!
Did something happen?
Run!
U-Um, excuse me!
Is something going on?
There's been a report about a viral infection up there!
Thank you very much!
Senpai, what should we do?
That's a good question.
I'm...
What's the matter?
Hey, you're a T Cell, right?
Did something happen?
DENDRITIC CELLS Their role is to present bacteria that have invaded the body, and fragments of viral infection cells as antigens, and to notify other immune system cells. As their name implies, they feature protrusions.
Dendritic Cell.
Their role is to present bacteria and virus-infected cells
that have invaded the body as antigen fragments,
and then notify other immune system cells.
Wait, are you struggling in battle?
All right. I'm going to make a call right now.
Th-That's not it!
I ran away from the battle!
No way can I fight those scum that terrifying!
I'm... I'm...
I'm just not powerful like White Blood Cell, Macrophage or my senpais!
It's better not to have a weakling like me around!
That's not true, Naive T Cell.
Chin up, all right?
You're not the only one.
Nobody starts out powerful, you know.
I've got the chills!
Here, take a look at this.
T CELLS MEMORIES 18905 - 20105 SEALED
B-But these are
pictures of the senpais from long ago?
T CELL CATEGORIZATION: Upon recognizing an antigen, Naive T Cells activate and turn into Effector T Cells.
Keep up the good work... Failure leads to... Get well soon!
That's right.
Long ago, your senpais were just like you.
They were all Naive T Cells, too.
They're crying. Just like me!
There are tons more where that came from.
Here!
I'm getting goosebumps for some reason!
Hey, what's wrong? Did you get infected by the virus?
Like that would ever happen.
It feels like the dark past that we sealed away has been released!
Those kinds of chills!
The reason your senpais give you such a hard time
might be because they see their past selves in you, don't you think?
Hey, Naive!
When are you gonna learn to pull your own weight?
Let's see you slaughter at least one of them this time, ya hear me, you little punk? Got that?
C'mon, dammit! This way!
Hey! You join in, too!
I had no idea.
Don't worry.
There's no reason to be afraid, Naive.
We're all here for you.
All here for me!
White Blood Cell goes on patrol to spot the enemy.
Macrophage relays information on the enemy.
Because of that, Helper T Commander is able to issue commands,
and the Killer T Cells can then bring the enemy down.
See? You have all these friends working with you, taking pride in their work!
So you know what it is you have to do, don't you?
My job is...
Well, encouraging the T Cells and activating them in this way...
DENDRITIC CELL'S ABILITY: Can activate Naive T Cells.
I guess you could say that's my job.
Cells at Work!
Cells...
They've proliferated again, dammit!
INFLUENZA VIRUS PROLIFERATION: The influenza virus is said to proliferate to 100 after 8 hours inside the body, and to one million after one day.
Influenza virus proliferation.
The influenza virus is said to proliferate to 100 after 8 hours inside the body,
and to one million after one day.
Kind of hot, isn't it?
INTERNAL BODY TEMPERATURE NOW RISING
They're infected!
Don't come this way!
Let's get out of here!
Dammit, can't make a dent in them!
There's just no end to these guys!
Everybody...
I apologize for behaving in such an unsightly manner earlier.
But I've overcome my past self's weakness and returned,
newly activated!
I am the former Naive T Cell!
EFFECTOR T CELL: A Naive T Cell after being activated.
Effector T Cell.
A Naive T Cell after being activated.
He's been activated!
I've also proliferated!
There's more of him!
Hey! So he finally did it! Freakin' Naive!
This gives us Herculean strength, huh? Literally!
No. Isn't this scary?
Hey, I'm here, too!
Sorry to keep you waiting. I'm B Cell! And I've made some antibodies!
B CELL (ANTIBODY-PRODUCING CELL): A type of Lymphocyte that fights antigens such as bacteria and viruses by producing weapons called antibodies.
B Cell. Antibody-producing cell.
A type of Lymphocyte that fights antigens such as bacteria and viruses
by producing weapons called antibodies.
We've got nothing to fear now that we have this!
We can round'em all up just like that!
All right! Let's go!
Yeah!
Wait! Uh...
C'mon! We're gonna singlehandedly wipe out all those viruses!
Yeah!
All right!
Take that!
Take that! Take that! Take that! Take that! Take that! Take that!
Take that!
And so, along with the efforts of the immune cells...
HOT WATER
Stay away!
FEVER: Suppresses the proliferation of invasive bacteria by raising the body temperature. Also accelerates the immune system.
CONSTRICTION IN PROGRESS
CHILLS: Constrict the veins at the body's surface in order to prevent body heat from escaping. When the surface temperature of the extremities decreases, one experiences the chills.
SNEEZE TWENTY-FIVE
Achoo!
SNEEZE TWENTY-FIVE LAUNCH SUCCESSFUL!!
Achoo!
SNEEZES, COUGHS: A reflexive reaction caused when the body attempts to expel foreign bodies such as viruses.
Achoo!
Hey! This is no time to be cooking dinner!
This is an emergency!
Let's have them use the stomach's digestive energy!
DECREASE
INCREASE
APPETITE LEVEL
DECREASED APPETITE: A reaction to heal disease, utilizing the energy normally used for digesting.
- It stopped! - No way!
INTERNAL BODY TEMPERATURE NOW RISING
All right, we're good.
We're sufficiently hydrated.
Sweat! Cool off the body surface!
Roger that!
ECCRINE
SWEAT: Expels toxins and adjusts body temperature.
THE SWEAT GLANDS IN ACTION NOW
Thanks to the teamwork between each organ,
and everyone joining forces...
Take that!
You did it!
Now you're a full-fledged T Cell!
Senpai...
Huh! The latter half was mostly thanks to me!
My antibodies...
Well, yeah.
No one's more powerful than us Killer T Cells!
No cell or virus stands a chance against us!
We did it!
Thank you for your hard work.
Right.
Hey, check that out!
Over there!
It's a virus!
Hey, looks like a new one just snuck in!
What a fool.
After tens of thousands of his friends just got eradicated...
I'll just annihilate him with one blow, so he won't suffer at least!
Wow, he's Mr. Aggressive now.
Take that!
H-Huh?
The antibodies aren't working!
Which means that...
No way.
Could this be
Type A Influenza?
TYPE A INFLUENZA: Type A features numerous internal mutations, and is prone to triggering epidemics on a global scale.
Type A Influenza.
Type A features numerous internal mutations,
and is prone to triggering epidemics on a global scale.
My, my!
Dendritic Cell, this is Macrophage.
It seems that we've been invaded by a Type A Influenza virus this time.
All right, then, I'm gonna go whip up some new antibodies!
I'm leaving the rest to you T Cells!
H-Hold up! We don't have the strength, either!
Right, right. Understood.
Hello? Dendritic Cell speaking.
Requesting reinforcements!
Right.
Right, right.
Yes. Oh no!
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
Today's snack is glycogen ice cream and hot spring bean paste buns!
Hey, don't overeat.
Next episode of Cells at Work!,
Food Poisoning!
Hey, wait! Don't tell me it's me!
EPISODE 4: FOOD POISONING
Of course it's not.
