Inside the human body,
roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically,
DENDRITE
All day every day.
ANTIBODY ENCYCLOPEDIA
24 hours and 365 days.
WHITE BLOOD CELL
They are all working very hard.
UNDER CONSTRUCTION
PLATELETS
This is the inside of a human body.
WARNING
The target is approaching!
Estimated point of impact, confirmed!
- Issue evacuation orders immediately! - Size, 30 micrometers!
Twenty seconds to impact!
19, 18...
- 17... - Commander!
16, 15...
HELPER T CELLS: When notified of invading external enemies, they serve as commanders who formulate appropriate attack strategies based on what kind of enemy they're dealing with.
Helper T Cells.
When notified of invading external enemies, they serve as commanders who formulate
appropriate attack strategies based on what kind of enemy they're dealing with.
- Here it comes. - 13, 12, 11...
- It had to come, didn't it? - 10, 9, 8...
Cedar Pollen Allergies!
CEDAR POLLEN: Cedars send their pollen out on the wind, scattering them over a distance. Peak time is February to March.
Cedar Pollen.
Cedars send their pollen out on the wind, scattering them over a distance.
Peak time is February to March.
- Again this year! - 3, 2, 1...
EPISODE 5: CEDAR POLLEN ALLERGIES
Cedar Pollen Allergies.
Look! There's something on the mucous membrane!
Cedar...
CEDAR POLLEN ALLERGEN: Allergies occur when the immune system overreacts to a certain substance.
Cedar Pollen Allergen.
Allergies occur when the immune system overreacts to a certain substance.
Macrophages near the eyeball membrane are reporting an antigen!
Really, what an ordeal!
Our tea got spilled all over, and it's been utter chaos!
Multiple pollen have hit the water at Point 135.K50.
So the blink didn't happen in time!
At this rate, the allergens will go on and invade the body through the outlet.
Shoot! Send out an alert at once!
Staff stationed near the eyeball membrane, please exercise caution.
Repeat.
External enemies have invaded through the outlet,
ARTERY
DIVERGENCE A CAPILLARY VESSEL
RETINA
and so any staff stationed near the eyeball membrane are urged to exercise caution.
RED BLOOD CELLS: Red because they contain large amounts of hemoglobin. They carry oxygen and carbon dioxide using blood circulation.
External enemies?
Oh no, it's in this area!
I'm gonna finish up this job right away!
Okay, let's see. The address I'm supposed to deliver this is there.
Right now, I'm...
Um, that's my landmark, so it's this
Cedar!
Cedar!
What's that thing?
Why's it saying Cedar? Somebody help!
Run, you moron!
Target sighted!
Cedar...
White Blood Cell!
WHITE BLOOD CELLS (NEUTROPHILS): Their main task is to eliminate foreign substances from outside, such as bacteria and viruses. Neutrophils comprise over half of the White Blood Cells in the blood.
Red Blood Cell... Are you okay?
Y-Yes!
Thank you very much!
Um... what exactly is that?
He was saying something like, Cedar!
This one? Who knows?
But I'll find out once I eat it!
Whoa!
PHAGOCYTIC EFFECTS: When phagocytes such as Monocells, Macrophages and Neutrophils absorb bacteria and other foreign substances, and break them down. Also known as Phagocytosis.
Phagocytic Effects.
When phagocytes such as Monocells, Macrophages and Neutrophils
absorb bacteria and other foreign substances, and break them down.
Also known as Phagocytosis.
This tastes like an allergen released by cedar pollen.
Not uncommon at this time of year.
They're large in size,
but unlike bacteria and viruses, they don't cause illness.
Is that right?
Well, that said, they can still be the cause of trouble.
We're supposed to kill them, but...
I see. So sorry.
Hey! Isn't that...
Isn't that a Cedar Pollen Allergen?
What the hell?
So it was him who snuck in from the membrane outlet?
This means that the legend must be...
Who are you?
Oh, excuse me.
I'm Memory Cell.
MEMORY CELL: A Lymphocyte that retains memories of pathogens. They're prepared for a second invasion by the same antigen or virus.
Memory Cell.
A Lymphocyte that retains memories of pathogens.
They're prepared for a second invasion by the same antigen or virus.
Why are you panicking?
It's not like Cedar Pollen allergens are that dangerous.
Yeah! Not yet at least!
But there's a legend that's been passed down to us Memory Cells for generations.
Legend?
What kind of legend?
Memory Cell?
LEGEND NOTES
There's a legend that's been passed down to us Memory Cells for generations.
When the Meteor of Disaster arrives from outer space,
the mountains will rage, the earth will grow savage, and the sea will writhe!
Wh-What does that mean?
In other words,
a massive eruption, diastrophism, and a great flood will occur at the same time,
bringing on an unprecedented catastrophe!
Harbinger...
of a catastrophe.
- That thing? - Cedar!
Oh, there's another one!
You'll see, soon enough.
Emergency!
An abnormal number of Cedar Pollen Allergens has invaded the body.
If you're nearby, please escape immediately if you can!
CELL
Cedar, cedar, cedar...
Where did all these Cedar Pollen Allergens come from?
Cedar, cedar, cedar...
My house!
I-It's here!
The beginning of the end of the world!
Yes, this is the Cedar Pollen Allergies Emergency Response HQ!
- Report the situation. Calm down! - Yes. Yes!
Don't return to the eyeball membrane!
Helper T Commander!
We're getting bombarded with damage reports about Cedar Pollen Allergens!
Doesn't it seem like there are more of these guys every year?
I mean, it's fine. After all, we've got a secret weapon.
By secret weapon, you mean B Cell, right?
That's right!
Have him head to the front lines right away!
You get away from here, Red Blood Cell!
Okay!
Cedar, cedar, cedar...
No sign of the invasion abating.
Could this really be the harbinger of a catastrophe?
SECRETION
Leave this to me!
As long as I have this!
B CELL: Also known as Antibody-producing Cell. A type of Lymphocyte that fights antigens, such as bacteria and viruses by producing weapons called antibodies.
B Cell.
Also known as Antibody-producing Cell.
A type of Lymphocyte that fights antigens,
such as bacteria and viruses by producing weapons called antibodies.
- It's the B Cell! - With it's antibodies!
Memory Cell... Can't that catastrophe be prevented before it happens?
A divine mist shall envelope the land.
But that is what shall open the door to Hell.
Huh? Why all of a sudden...
All right, here goes!
Cedar!
You're history!
Take that!
IgE Antibody!
IgE ANTIBODY: An antibody produced by B Cells to fight allergens, as ordered by the Helper T Cells.
SECRETION
- He annihilated them all in one shot! - Amazing!
That divine mist you just mentioned, did you mean the IgE antibody?
I mean, it's looking like he's solved the problem.
Yeah. For now, at least.
But something even worse is about to happen now!
The mist will turn into dark clouds,
summon a heavy rainfall and sweep everything away!
I don't know what's gonna happen, but it sounds scary!
I'm telling you, something mind-blowing is about to happen!
There's no telling what might happen. Not at all.
- Yeah, good job, B Cell! - Hit'em again!
A LOT
NORMAL
What?
What's with these numbers?
Cells at Work!
Cells at Work!
What's with this astronomical usage of IgE?
A LOT
NORMAL
What the heck is going on?
ANTIBODY MANUAL
HISTAMINE HANDLING MANUAL
IMMUNOREACTION
I've never seen numbers like this.
MAST CELL: Also known as Fat Cell. Releases chemical mediators, such as histamines and leukotrienes in reaction to the production of excessive IgE. Despite being known as Fat Cells, they have nothing to do with fat.
Mast Cell.
Also known as Fat Cell.
Releases chemical mediators, such as histamines and leukotrienes
in reaction to the production of excessive IgE.
Despite being known as Fat Cells, they have nothing to do with fat.
HISTAMINE HANDLING MANUAL
But it does say to produce histamines commensurate with the amount of IgE...
Okay. Hold on a second. First, let's calm down.
That's right. You'll be fine. You can do it if you try.
No panicking allowed.
All I have to do is follow the manual.
Because that's my job!
About this much, perhaps?
Well, at any rate,
excessive use of IgE antibodies...
How should I put it, that's not good, right?
Most likely.
Hey B Cell!
Seems like it's not a good idea to use too much of that!
I don't understand, but the legend says...
Huh? Legend?
It'll be fine!
Hey, either way, no worries!
Look, the histamines are about to come into play!
That'll cause inflammation and eliminate the allergens!
It's retracting.
They're just gonna change the nozzle probably.
HISTAMINE: A chemical substance released by Mast Cells upon recognizing foreign substances or injury.
Histamine.
A chemical substance released by Mast Cells upon recognizing foreign substances or injury.
Is this that great rainfall?
It might be!
Cedar...
Cedar...
These guys just keep...
So there was elevated use of the antibody because we'd been invaded
by this many Cedar Pollen Allergens!
This looks bad!
In that case, I need to release even more histamines!
- Wait! Wait! - Stop it already!
Is this the unprecedented catastrophe?
N-No, it's not! This is nothing but the tip of the iceberg!
The really huge disaster is about to hit us now!
THE HISTAMINE'S JOB: Histamines dilate the vascular endothelial cells, allowing White Blood Cells to permeate the vessels at a higher rate.
The Histamine's Job.
Histamines dilate the vascular endothelial cells,
allowing White Blood Cells to permeate the vessels at a higher rate.
Captain, we're in trouble!
We're being flooded by histamines nearby!
What? Make her stop them! Contact Mast Cell!
The thing is, she's saying that to eliminate the Cedar Pollen Allergens, she can't afford to stop!
No way! At this rate...
It's no good, Captain! The histamines are flooding us...
The secretion center!
It short-circuited!
Bad news, Captain!
What is it now?
Because of the damage to the secretion center...
the Emergency Immune System is about to kick in!
EMERGENCY IMMUNE SYSTEM= ALLERGIC REACTION CAUSED BY HISTAMINES When too many histamines have been released, this triggers allergic reactions such as flushing, itching, swelling, pain and bronchoconstriction.
What?
Emergency Immune System, you say?
EMERGENCY
- Whoa! - Did they get them?
Hey! Look at that!
Th-That's...
The massive eruption!
Sneezing.
SNEEZING: Histamines stimulate the sensory nerves in the nasal membrane. When this stimulation reaches the sneezing center, sneezes occur repetitively.
Histamines stimulate the sensory nerves in the nasal membrane.
When this stimulation reaches the sneezing center, sneezes occur repetitively.
Diastrophism?
The nasal membrane is swelling up like crazy!
NASAL CONGESTION: Histamines influence the blood vessels in the nasal membrane, causing inflammation and the like. As a result, the nasal membrane swells and bloats, causing nasal congestion.
Nasal Congestion.
Histamines influence the blood vessels in the nasal membrane,
causing inflammation and the like.
As a result, the nasal membrane swells and bloats, causing nasal congestion.
TEARS
The tears are overflowing!
A great flood!
TEARS: Histamines stimulate the eyes' sensory nerves, triggering inflammation, such as bloodshot or itchy eyes. This also produces excessive tears.
Tears.
Histamines stimulate the eyes' sensory nerves,
triggering inflammation, such as bloodshot or itchy eyes.
This also produces excessive tears.
Achoo! Achoo!
Cedar, cedar, cedar...
This is what the legend described.
Cedar, cedar, cedar...
Cedar Pollen Allergies!
CEDAR POLLEN ALLERGIES: Allergic symptoms, such as sneezing, runny nose, nasal congestion, itchy eyes, triggered when cedar pollen becomes an allergen.
Cedar Pollen Allergies.
Allergic symptoms, such as sneezing, runny nose, nasal congestion, itchy eyes,
triggered when cedar pollen becomes an allergen.
Achoo!
Dammit!
Why is this happening?
He's the one who caused this! How are you gonna fix this?
B Cell!
It's all because you kept sloshing those antibodies around!
H-H-Hey, it's not my fault!
The histamines are to blame, right?
It's your fault, Mast Cell!
What the heck, you guys?
Hey! What's the big idea?
Let me go! Don't touch me!
It's not my fault! The IgE is what caused this!
Ah, no.
The overproduction of histamines is definitely what caused this!
All I did was do my job according to the manual!
It's all your fault, damn you!
Can't do your job unless you follow the manual, Fat Cell?
Don't call me by that name!
Doesn't the B in B Cell stand for Bonehead?
What'd you say, dammit?
Shut up, Bonehead! Bonehead!
Wanna fight, moron?
This is getting out of hand.
Yeah.
But...
All everyone did was fulfill their respective jobs,
so who knew it would turn out like this?
If only we knew that this was going to happen...
No, even if we had known...
We had no choice but to do it.
White Blood Cell!
No matter what situation we're in, we can never walk out on our jobs.
White Blood Cell!
That's our destiny as
White Blood Cell!
- Destiny - Cell!
- Destiny - Cell!
White Blood Cell!
Hey, Red Blood Cell.
What is that?
I-I-I-I-I'm so sorry!
This is, um, not that I'm really sure myself, but this is where I'm supposed to deliver it!
Actually, it looks like there's some kind of commotion going on, but are you all right?
No, I'm not all right.
FOR MEDICAL USE
Still, what is this thing?
I-I don't know.
Have you ever seen it before, Memory Cell?
No, I've never seen it.
Arrived at target destination.
Hey, what's that?
Something's coming out.
Target Cell confirmed.
Will now eliminate.
What's wrong with him?
Why is he attacking us?
Eliminating now.
ROOMS AVAILABLE
My house!
Stop!
Hey! Now I remember!
I've heard about this before!
When there's a change to the world, it appears out of nowhere!
This type
is the type that wipes out everything involved in the uproar!
His name is...
Steroid!
STEROIDS: Also known as Adrenocortical Hormone. A drug with powerful anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive effects. Suppresses symptoms caused by histamines, as well as allergic reactions themselves.
Steroids.
Also known as Adrenocortical Hormone.
A drug with powerful anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive effects.
Suppresses symptoms caused by histamines, as well as allergic reactions themselves.
S-So powerful!
I'm sorry! I have no clue what's going on, but sorry!
We're in trouble, Captain!
This weird guy just showed up!
Sorry! B Cell and Mast Cell! We're sorry!
You guys... you guys...
Compared to him, you were doing your job like a gentleman!
Hey, when is this ever gonna stop?
Thank you for your patronage.
The Steroid went silent after exhausting his active ingredients.
And somewhere along the line, the Allergens died out spontaneously,
and the allergic reaction settled down.
Everybody made up with each other.
So, thank goodness!
Really.
Thank goodness.
Side Effects of Steroids.
SIDE EFFECTS OF STEROIDS: Prolonged use and massive dosage of steroids can sometimes cause side effects. It's crucial to adhere to the directions and recommended dosage.
Prolonged use and massive dosage of steroids can sometimes cause side effects.
It's crucial to adhere to the directions and recommended dosage.
I'm going to make sure I remember what happened today.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR PATRONAGE.
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
When you were a kid, what kind of blood cell were you?
I was always getting lost!
I can see that.
Next episode of Cells at Work!,
Erythroblasts and Myelocytes.
EPISODE 6: ERYTHROBLASTS AND MYELOCYTES
All right, time to get to work!
