The Third Plate
Fifteen
Tokyo International Airport
The first-years should be in the middle of the second stage by now.
Who knows if we'll actually participate,
but it's always better to be prepared.
What's the matter, Akanegakubo?
I hate planes.
I don't want to go!
Don't be a spoiled brat.
Let's go.
No!
Totsuki Elite Ten Akanegakubo Momo
Totsuki Elite Ten Saito Somei
It's great to tour Hokkaido for free!
Totsuki Elite Ten Kinokuni Nene
Totsuki Elite Ten Eizan Etsuya
Hey, Tsukasa, look!
It looks really tasty!
Rindo... Don't forget about the exams, okay?
Totsuki Elite Ten Kobayashi Rindo
Former Totsuki Elite Ten 7th Seat Isshiki Satoshi
Former Totsuki Elite Ten 8th Seat Kuga Terunori
Former Totsuki Elite Ten 3rd Seat Megishima Tosuke
Totsuki Elite Ten 1st Seat Tsukasa Eishi
Totsuki Elite Ten 10th Seat Nakiri Erina
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
The train might've stopped in Sapporo Station,
Jeanne D'Arc Rises
but we totally went right through the city itself.
It's too bad, given that it's a famous sightseeing spot.
Totsuki Academy Advancement Exams Stage Two Examination Hall
We got taken to the middle of nowhere.
There's nothing but mountains around here.
I wish we could've taken the time to walk around and stuff,
like in Odori Park.
Hi, everyone.
You must be tired after the long train trip!
I am Endo, Totsuki lecturer and your examiner for the second stage.
This stage will be an individual exam.
Also, instead of specifying an ingredient to prepare,
you are to make a noodle dish!
Noodle...
Speaking of noodles, Hokkaido is famous for having a wide variety of ramen.
Sapporo ramen, Hakodate ramen, Asahikawa ramen, and so on.
There are many restaurants renowned for their udon and soba, too!
Hokkaido is the top domestic producer of buckwheat by far, actually.
Given how vast the prefecture is,
it's not surprising that Hokkaido gave rise to
a diversity of noodle dishes that reflect regional differences.
With that in mind, let's try making a noodle dish today!
So we can make any noodle dish?
When there are so many options, it's hard to choose.
But there are only basic ingredients here.
What?
We have many different kinds of noddles here.
In addition to green onions and other basic vegetables,
we have already prepared basic components such as broth and stock.
But those aren't enough to construct a gourmet dish, as you know.
So you'll be tasked with sourcing any missing ingredients.
If you can present a single serving of a noodle dish that can impress me,
you'll pass!
You have three hours!
Seriously? We have to start by getting ingredients?
But if we get a taxi, we can get to an urban area within thirty minutes or so.
The central wholesale market's close, too.
We'll have to get high-quality ingredients.
Enter the exam hall in the order in which your name is called and start cooking.
Erina-sama, this way to Hall A, please.
Okay.
The next three, off to Hall B!
Next, Hall C!
H-Huh?
We rebels are being left until the very end.
Next!
Ibusaki Shun, Marui Zenji, Isami Aldinito Hall A!
Oh, we got called.
Sakaki Ryoko, Arato Hisako, Nakiri Alice, Kurokiba Ryoto Hall B!
Yoshino Yuki, Mito Ikumi, Sato Shoji, Aoki Daigo!
You're in Hall C!
The remaining three of you, to Hall D!
Hall D
Uh, Mister Examiner?
Even though we're supposed to make a noodle dish,
there are no noodles left.
I believe I told you.
You are to source any ingredients you don't have.
That's what you need to do for this exam!
Look!
There are barely any ingredients like flour or rice flour left
that might help us make noodles!
I see how it is.
They won't even give us any ingredients.
But what's the big deal?
Sapporo is a major city.
I'm sure we can find a noodle factory.
We can hand-make noodles by getting flour and buckwheat flour and stuff, too.
Yeah.
I'm sure we'll figure something out in three hours.
All right!
Now that that's settled, let's go!
That wasn't the only reason why you weren't called until the very end.
What?
I'll try to call a taxi.
Huh?
That mansion all the way up in the mountains?
Sorry, that's not possible right now.
You'll have to wait for the snow plows to come through.
I see.
We have no way of getting out!
If we were in a novel or a movie,
someone would definitely get killed right about now.
Rock, paper...
No way!
You can't be serious about walking!
Do you want to get lost in the mountains?!
Severe Storm in Sapporo Until Evening
The snow that began falling around noon has quickly intensified
into a major blizzard in the Sapporo mountains rarely observed in recent years.
The other students have all passed the exam.
If we can fail those who remain,
my job is done.
Farewell, rebels.
Glory to Central!
What?
Internal Line 1
What is it?
Lecturer Endo!
The rebels are somehow, uh...
Just please come now!
Takumi!
Once you have enough for your own dish, send the ingredients over!
Right!
We need enough for Tadokoro-san, too.
Don't use too much!
H-How are they starting prep like nothing's wrong?!
There are no more noodles left!
Did they manage to get noodles in this blizzard?!
No, impossible!
Why are you looking at us like that, Mister Examiner?
You didn't honestly think you could stop us with something like that, did you?
After all, we've been through training a hundred times worse
than childish tricks like this.
Help
Well, hang on tight.
We'll serve up
the ultimate bowl of noodles!
Th-They're working steadily, as though they already have noodles ready to go.
Hmph! It's just an act!
There's no way they will pass under these circumstances!
They're completely finished!
I'm going back to my waiting room!
Endo-san!
What now?
Er, well, Hall C...
And apparently Hall A and Hall B, too...
It's hard to believe, but...
All the rebels are finishing up their noodle dishes!
What?!
Mister Examiner, if you wanted to fail us,
you really shouldn't have left this lying around.
Potatoes?
Home cooking from Hokkaido's Kutchan region...
Ah!
Kutchan City
Kutchan City is known for very heavy snowfall, even by Hokkaido's standards.
They are a major producer of potatoes.
That's where the noodles highlighting the starch
from the renowned variety, Irish Cobbler, was born.
Potato starch comprises up to 95 percent of the noodles!
Potato Starch 95
Other 5
That's right!
It's gosetsu udon!
First, steam Irish Cobbler potatoes and remove the skin!
Make them into fluffy mashed potatoes.
Then add water, salt, and flour, and knead into a dough!
There wasn't enough wheat flour, of course,
but potato starch can be a substitute!
Potato Starch
The potato starch that was to be used to flour the noodle prep surface...
Potatoes are the base ingredient, too!
It's not typically used in noodles,
but it's a different story when it comes to gosetsu udon!
It works great as a binding agent,
and makes a great starchy, elastic dough.
All right!
But so what?
If you think you can just plop some green onions on that and call it a day,
you're wrong!
The others all sourced high-quality ingredients before the blizzard hit
and created dishes worthy of being called gourmet food.
Listen!
Potatoes are an extremely versatile ingredient!
If you can understand and leverage their unique characteristics,
they will help you in a time of need!
Maybe I can use that as the topping...
Yukihira!
There are other tasks left to do after making the noodles!
Don't fall behind!
Yeah, I know!
It's done!
The Hokkaido Seminar Special Gosetsu Udon!
Dig in!
Hm?
I thought the only ingredients left they could've used as toppings
were green onions and perilla leaves, but...
Could this be...?
Could you please eat before the noodles get soggy?
R-Right.
What's with this mellow broth?!
It's been thickened just enough to coat the noodles!
What broad umami!
I added grated potatoes to the broth.
That's how the broth got thickened in a good way.
Besides, potatoes have a lot of glutamic acid.
That umami compound has spread throughout the broth.
The potatoes were coarsely grated,
so the tiny potato bits throughout the broth provide texture, too!
And what about the critical topping?
It's potato mochi, a popular souvenir for Hokkaido's visitors to take home!
Light and chewy, it's crispy on the outside...
Complimented by the thick soup,
it contrasts with the slippery noodles and heightens the diner's satisfaction.
How can this be?
The full range of the potato's characteristics are crammed into this bowl!
That's right!
This is the Irish Cobbler's
The Irish Cobbler's starch, texture, and umami concentrated into one dish.
In a nutshell, it's the ultimate potato noodle dish.
What?
Please score the dish!
Huh?
These are impressive variations on the gosetsu udon, too!
How did they manage to create these on the fly?!
Well, Mister Examiner?
Yukihira Soma, Takumi Aldini, and Tadokoro Megumi
Y-You all pass!
Glad you enjoyed it!
Pass!
Pass!
You all pass, too!
Erinacchi!
We did it!
Thanks to your Hokkaido Seminar, we passed!
I managed to do it all on my own, thanks to you!
Don't cry!
I see it now.
If only you had not interfered, Erina-sama,
scum like this would've been easily eliminated.
They only survived thanks to your mercy!
If only you had not put ideas into their head...
You are wrong!
I only taught them about the unique characteristics of potatoes.
They're the ones who thought of how to build on gosetsu udon as the main concept
and highlight the strength of potatoes!
Heed my warning!
These chefs are far beyond the likes of you!
I-Impossible!
How could the rebels have banded together like this?
Such is Erina-sama's awe-inspiring leadership.
It's as though...
It's as though she is Jeanne d'Arc, the saintly female knight commander,
trying take back Totsuki from Central's rule!
I've lost.
Yeah!
All the rebels have passed stage two.
Yes, we will send for them.
Yeah!
Sapporo!
Major city!
Shopping district!
I'm so glad they're letting us sightsee the city before the train leaves.
Yeah.
The train won't leave till the evening,
so we have a good bit of time.
Hey, let's eat something good!
Ramen!
Sushi!
Genghis Khan.
Maybe we should split up.
Listen, think of this as part of the Hokkaido Seminar.
There's no better lesson than to taste local dishes!
Got it, Erina-sensei!
What is this rich flavor?!
It's just the right amount of sweetness!
Pure, yet rich!
It's too rich!
What kind of milk are they using to make such good soft serve ice cream?!
Hokkaido is amazing!
Guess we'll just have to try everything!
Yeah!
We must carefully discern what is worth trying.
Hm, Tanukikoji?
Let's try going all the way to Susukino!
The diner duo's going full throttle, too!
You're not going with your bro?
I've been wanting to walk around the Odori Park area, so...
There's supposed to be a famous processed seafood store in front of Sapporo Station.
Would you like to come with, Arato-san?
What?
They have dried goods, too,
like for your medicinal cuisine.
But I...
It's fine, Hisako.
Go.
You have the right to do what you want, too.
Erina-sama... Thank you!
Nakiri-san, let's walk around here, then.
Yes, let's.
Loyalty
All right, you'll keep her safe.
Take care of Erina-sama!
Okay!
Well, this a group you don't see often.
Oh, there's an event going on!
I wonder if there will be anything good.
E-Er, Erina-sama...
Would you like anything to eat?
I can go get something!
I'm fine, Mito-san.
I-I see.
I've been to Sapporo many times,
but this is the first time I've had any time to take the sights in.
Really?
As the one possessing the God Tongue,
I've spent my days serving as a taster,
meeting all the heavyweights in the food industry.
It was almost always for those reasons that I would leave my home.
Looking back now,
I may not have been trying to see anything out in the world.
I was struggling to fulfill my responsibilities as the Nakiri family's heir.
That's not true.
You were always amazing, Erina-sama.
As a scion of the Mito family, I saw you on several occasions.
I think I understand the hardships you've endured.
Mito-san?
Oh, sorry!
My family and yours are worlds apart,
and I know it's presumptive of me to think
that you and I were in a remotely similar situation!
But I was bound by my house, too, so...
Even though you must have felt so much more pressure than I did,
you always had a commanding presence.
So, I... um, really respect you, Erina-sama.
Um, so...
I-I'm going to check out what's going on over there.
Excuse me, Erina-sama!
Oh, are you sure you'll be all right by yourself, Mito-san!
I'm glad you were able to patch things up with Mito-san.
We were never really at odds.
I just cut her off after she lost that Shokugeki.
And yet... I didn't know she thought of me like that.
Tadokoro-san, thank you for the roasted brown rice green tea, too.
Oh, you don't need to thank me!
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help, okay?!
If you have other manga you want to read, I can lend them to you.
What?
With Heart
That manga was yours?
Huh? Yeah.
Hisako and Yukihira-kun wouldn't say whose they were.
Well, it's also my fault for not really asking.
I'm sorry I haven't returned them to you.
Don't worry about that.
I'm glad I like something you like, too.
There you are!
Soma-kun, Takumi-kun! What's wrong?
Oh, we found a totally awesome-looking place,
but there's way too much we want on their menu!
You two haven't eaten dinner yet, right?
Will you come with us?
Let's order a ton and share everything between the four of us!
Oh, sure.
All right!
Now that that's settled, let's hurry!
Okay, Nakiri. Let's go.
Huh? Okay.
I really wasn't trying to see anything at all before.
I didn't know this city was so beautiful.
Huh?
Where are the other guys?
Maybe they already got on the train.
It's almost time to leave, too.
I guess.
Hisako
Oh?
Erina-sama!
Where are you right now?!
Hisako, what's wrong? Why are you so anxious?
Oh, it's because I don't see you.
We're about to board.
Something's wrong, then!
What?
Because...
The train left 30 minutes ago!
What?
What's there to be so surprised about?
You knew how things would go from the very beginning.
Rindo-senpai?!
Hey, it's really cold, isn't it?
Um, what do you mean?
The pamphlet mentioned that the train route will diverge, didn't it?
In the worst case, you'll only see the others at the final stage of the exam.
And that's if you all make it to that stage.
In the third-stage exam that's coming up next,
all the rebels will be going up against the Elite Ten!
Let's make this a fun trip. Right, Yukihira Soma?
I woke up super early just thinking about how we'll face the Elite Ten.
Hey.
Morning, Tadokoro.
I guess you were too nervous to sleep long, too.
No, I was too excited.
You're unbelievable!
You're like a kid looking forward to a day at a theme park!
Under-Eye Circles
I guess you're excited, too, Takumi-kun.
I confirmed this later by phone,
but we, the rebels, were split into four different routes.
I see.
I hope everyone's okay.
Hey.
Over here!
You haven't had breakfast yet, right?
Come eat with me, since you're here.
But...
Come on, Tadokoro-chan.
Eat, eat.
It's not bad.
More importantly, can you tell us what the next exam will be about?
The exam topic for the rebels
I would hope it involves a fair and just match.
There'd better not be any of the cowardly tactics we've endured so far.
Well, yeah. That was all what the examiners chose to do.
We don't play dirty.
So who am I gonna face?
Will it be you, Rindo-senpai?
No, your opponent's already right there.
Huh?
The newest member of the Elite Ten
Hayama Akira.
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode Revenge Match
Once we got through the tunnel, there was a snowy mountain.
