The Third Plate
Sixteen
Hayama-kun?
Hey, Hayama.
You have a weird badge on your blazer.
You sure you didn't grab someone else's by mistake?
There's no mistake here, Yukihira.
He is Hayama Akira, the newest member of the Totsuki Elite Ten and Central.
He is the ninth seat, on a provisional basis.
So that's how it is, Yukihira.
We're no longer on the same playing field.
I'm in a position where I can test you.
Acting all high and mighty now that you're finally showing your mug again?
Erina-sama!
Your exam hall is that way, Erina-sama!
What? Let me go!
How rude!
This is necessary.
You're taking the same exam as the other students, Nakiri-chan.
Tadokoro-chan, Aldini, you're coming over here.
I'll explain what your exam will be.
W-Wait, Rindo-senpai!
Yukihira...
Soma-kun...
Come at me, Yukihira!
It's time for the test that'll decide whether you leave or stay!
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
Revenge Match
Hayama, I haven't seen you around in a while.
I had no idea this is where you'd ended up.
I have a ton of questions for you, you know?
What happened to the Shiomi Research Group, anyway?!
Yeah, it's gone.
There is no need for autonomous groups outside of Central.
That's Director Azami's philosophy,
so what else is there to say?
I thought you cared about the Shiomi Research Group.
I've got my own questions for you, Yukihira.
What've you been up to?
Protecting the dorm,
resisting the Azami administration...
Don't you think your goals are rather shallow?
Where's the guy who faced me in the Autumn Elections,
gunning for the top spot in Totsuki?
While you've been bumbling around,
I've already gotten one hand on the prize.
But it seems like it's fallen on me
to crush you before I can continue my ascent.
Yukihira, you wouldn't turn my challenge down, would you?
Don't underestimate me.
I'm all for a revenge match against you!
I'm totally game if you are!
But what about the topic, and what're the rules gonna be?
We'll need a judge, too.
There's no need for concern.
I have made the necessary arrangements.
Dojima-senpai?!
It's been a while since the finals, Yukihira.
Why are you here?
This facility is under Totsuki Resort's management,
and I am the Head Chef of Totsuki Resort.
I believe I am more than qualified enough to preside over this match.
I wasn't expecting you to be the one.
Hayama-kun, that was a wonderful dish.
Thank you, Chef Dojima.
But too great a talent
will turn against itself in the end.
I hope that you will be able to maintain a good relationship with your talent.
Let us go straight to going over the rules.
The topic was chosen at random from those assigned
in advancement exams from previous years.
It is bear meat!
Bear?
We'll be having you two face off over who can serve a dish
that best showcases bear meat!
The match will be in three days!
You have until then to prepare.
We have prepared bear meat for your testing purposes.
We will also have prepared expertly butchered, drained, and aged bear meat
for your use on the day of the match.
All other ingredients must be sourced by you!
That is all.
So it begins, Yukihira.
Good luck on your recipe testing.
Don't give up, okay?
Who do you think you're talking to?!
I'm looking forward to three days from now.
Shit, I had no idea Hayama'd gone over to the Azami faction.
Have you joined Central as well, Dojima-senpai?
No, I am a neutral party.
Oh, I see.
That's good to hear.
So, did the Shiomi Research Group really get shut down?
Yes.
It no longer exists at the academy.
Wow, seriously?!
I'm trying to take in so much right now!
Hayama, the ninth seat!
What happened to Eizan-senpai, who used to have that rank?
And is Nakiri still just the tenth seat?
I'm not sure you have the luxury of worrying about others right now.
Huh?
This match will be a difficult one for you.
You'll understand once you begin recipe testing
what it means to square off with bear meat.
Use the test kitchen however you'd like.
Hm.
So this is bear meat.
It's nice to have them prepare the meat for us.
I've never cooked bear meat before.
Which part of the bear is this?
Come to think of it, Yoshino once said...
It depends on the animal and the season,
but bear meat can be pretty smelly.
It requires more careful handling than, say, deer or boar.
Smelly, huh.
I guess I'll have to try it out for myself.
To start, I want to get a good sense of how bear meat tastes.
First off, let's keep it really simple and just cook it with salt!
Hm?
It smells pleasant enough.
There's some pungency,
but it's totally fine!
Done!
Here goes my first bite.
Nice! So much sweet and rich fatty flavor!
It does have a distinct flavor, but it's not so ba
Hang on, a different flavor comes through after you chew on it.
It's unbelievably gamey...
Roar!
Yeah, this is a peculiar smell.
Bear
Or just plain smelly!
Well, I only did a simple preparation this time.
If I just throw spices at it to temper the gaminess,
I'm sure it'll be fine next time
You'll understand once you begin recipe testing
what it means to square off with bear meat.
I'll have to counter the smelliness in order to deal with this special meat!
And spices are key
That means I'm squarely in Hayama's territory!
Shit!
Why do I always get topics where spices are the key
whenever I'm facing Hayama?
Not that I mind trying to beat him at his own game!
In any event, I'm just gonna focus on removing the smelliness
as much as I can with the ingredients I have here.
What's this?
A top-of-the-line electronic nose
and the best authorities on molecular gastronomy in the nation.
Director Azami has stipulated that we spare no effort
in annihilating the rebels.
You can use all available equipment and human resources in testing
There's no need.
I'll handle all the testing on my own.
You can all just go home.
I've already put together the bear dish I'll be serving.
I-Impossible.
He already created the optimal spice combination in mere minutes?
Indeed, he has far surpassed the chef he was during the Elections.
Yukihira, you cannot win against him as you are now.
It's better than before,
but there's still that lingering, unpleasant smell.
This is no good!
I need to figure out how to put this ingredient to use
before I can even get to recipe testing.
Okay, the first spices I want to try are bay leaf, anise, and red chilis.
Shit!
I'm stuck dealing with the ingredient's smell
instead of where I want to take the actual dish.
I'm not going to have enough time to deal with bear meat at all!
Hup! Hup! Hup!
Yueguishu!
Bajiao!
Xiaohuixiang!
Dingxiang!
Guipi!
Lajiao!
Why are they so energetic?
Hey, hey, hey!
Why're you looking so down?
Aren't these what you needed?
You're so helpless, Yukihira-chin.
Kuga-senpai?!
Hup! Hup! Hup!
Stop, stop, stop!
Um...
Why are you here in Hokkaido, Kuga-senpai?
I'd heard that you guys were going to have to face the
Elite Ten in an unfamiliar land, so you know...
I was so worried that you might be crying because you feel alone!
So I rushed over just in case I could be of some help to you!
Um, why aren't you reacting?
Well,'cause I know that whenever you're talking like that,
you don't mean anything you're saying.
Why would I come all the way to Hokkaido just to run my mouth?
I came here to help you, I swear!
Oh, really?
Well, that'd be awesome.
I was really having trouble.
Well, there is a condition.
A condition?
That's right.
Challenge Hayama Akira to a Shokugeki.
Get him to wager his ninth seat.
Huh?
Think about the opportunity here!
Why not go all out and do a Shokugeki?
But a Shokugeki requires equal stakes, right?
I'm not sure I have anything that's worth as much as a ninth seat.
I'm having a lot of fun at Totsuki right now.
Besides, this is for my sake, too.
Elite Ten
You'll beat Hayama, right?
Then you'll join the Elite Ten.
Then you'll do a Shokugeki against me.
Then I'll crush you.
Then I can safely rejoin the Elite Ten!
And everybody's happy!
I feel like he just said something really annoying.
Anyway, you're the one who'll serve up a dish in the end, Yukihira-chin.
Just beat Hayama-kun, okay?
Well, let's put the whole Shokugeki thing aside for now.
I'll gladly make use of your spices!
Now I can get started on bear recipe testing for real!
No, no, no!
The spice combinations aren't coming together at all!
Come on, Yukihira-chin!
Okay, bear hot pot's next?
Yup.
It's a dish that steeps aromatics
like green onions and chrysanthemum greens with red chilis
to mellow out the gaminess of bear meat.
Yukihira-chin, you should leave the lid off.
If the bear meat's smell stays trapped,
the flavors might take a turn for the worse.
Oh.
Oh, nice work.
Nice!
The bear's gaminess is gone,
and the heavy flavors of the meat and stock have melded together in a good way!
Using miso to cancel out the gaminess is another hallmark of this dish.
Right!
So not only do you have to think about what spices to use,
but also which ingredients to pair the meat with.
One common technique is to marinate meat with strong flavors in yogurt.
So, what're you going to do?
Are you going with the hot pot idea?
Well, Hayama will probably come up with a dish that only he could make.
If I don't do the same, I'm not gonna stand a chance.
It'd be so easy if it weren't for the smelly meat...
Hmm... speaking of smelly...
Smelly, but addictive, right?
I see.
There are a lot of ingredients out there that actually base
their tastiness on smelliness.
The regulars back at the diner
liked the smellier stuff to snack on with their sake, too.
Basically, smelliness doesn't have to be an enemy!
Smelliness is an important factor that can give rise to umami!
The reason I can't take advantage of bear meat
is because I don't understand anything about bear meat as an ingredient.
I want to go into the mountains.
I want to learn about where this ingredient has lived its life.
I want to see, walk, and breathe in everything there is about it, using all my senses!
That's a good goal.
Okay, gather'round!
Yes, sir!
Figure out the fastest way to get us into the mountains, will you?
Yes, sir!
Okay! Get ready, Yukihira-chin!
Okay!
Thanks, Kuga-senpai!
There has to be a fighting chance out there somewhere.
I'll find the key to bear cuisine first!
One Week Ago
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
Hey, Kuga.
How dare you ignore all my calls?
Don't be such a sulky brat!
Ow!
Hmph.
I'm not one of the Elite Ten anymore.
But it's fine. I figured out a different way to have fun.
I'm gonna completely mess up the first-years' advancement exams, too!
Do what you want.
We both need to have fun!
I wonder what Kuga's got planned.
Rindo-senpai, isn't time for you to tell us
what we're supposed to cook in our match against you?
Relax, Aldini.
You're scaring Tadokoro-chan.
Right?
Huh?
Um, er, well...
Don't get so worked up. I'll tell you.
The topic for us is...
Bears typically eat acorns and kiwi berries,
but as you know, they are omnivores.
They eat anything.
They gain the most fat right now.
They're storing what energy they can before they hibernate.
I think you should make a dish that really lets that fat shine.
Got it.
Brr...
Hmm. Yeah, today's not going to work out.
It's deliberately putting tracks down in a different direction
from the animal trails.
That means it knows it's being hunted.
It's trying to throw us off its trail?
That's right.
Bears are smart and wily.
We might be better off cutting it short after a short break
and going down the mountain.
Got it.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
So cold.
Kuga Terunori (Age 9)
I've been going around eating authentic gourmet food since elementary school.
This isn't cutting it.
There's coffee.
I only want milk tea or chai!
Senpai, I think you need more cold tolerance.
I'm not half bad.
Rindo-senpai would've become sluggish, like a reptile.
Um, Kuga-senpai.
I have a question for you.
How'd Hayama become one of the Elite Ten?
Oh, there was a battle to fill the vacant seats in the Elite Ten.
Nakiri Azami hand-picked some chefs from Central to compete.
Kusunoki Rentaro and other second-years were among them, too.
So this is what third-years are like...
They're the true elite.
There are only a few dozen of them in the academy.
Shit, I can't win.
Will you face me now, Senpai?
Wow.
That's how Hayama, a first-year,
conquered the fierce battle even second-years were said to have difficulty in.
What character are you?
Yukihira-chin, it'd be wise of you to think Hayama's a completely different beast
from what he was in the Autumn Elections.
His ability to leverage his innate sense of smell
has been honed into an even sharper weapon.
And now, he has the infernal powers of Nakiri Azami and Central at his disposal.
Are you trying to tell me that I don't stand a chance?
No, no, no!
I don't want to see you all demotivated!
Huh? Who's demotivated here?!
The Hayama of today can easily convert the peculiar fragrance
of bear meat into something exquisite.
You need to fully grasp the ingredients' potential
and find a new angle.
An angle on bears...
Ow!
Hey, hey, hey!
Don't be such a klutz now, Yukihira-chin.
Kuga-senpai, maybe this is part of the answer!
This tree...
I wish I could've shown you how to butcher a bear.
Oh, I'm happy enough I got to learn from you.
Well, I'm sure Totsuki
would've gotten a top-notch hunter to prepare its bear meat.
There shouldn't be any bad odors resulting from that.
That does mean that if you can't take advantage of the smell that remains,
it's because you're a bad chef.
Well, you came all the way here just to learn about bears.
Maybe you'll do fine.
Thanks!
All right!
Here's to a new start in recipe testing!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
I got what you asked for!
The berries you founddried.
Thanks!
Let's get started right away...
with these schisandra berries.
Schisandra is used in medicinal cuisine.
All done!
Here's a bear burger made from a combination of fatty bear meat and beef!
It has massive impact!
Just the smell alone makes you riled up!
Minced bear meata bold move!
Did he succeed in removing the smelliness?
Well, here I go.
The rich fat is so mild and sweet!
The red meat is so fragrant! What a double punch!
It's a neverending torrent of juices!
A manly flavor peculiar to bears!
But it is not unpleasant in the least!
Instead, it's as though the flavors
are bursting forth and calling to our instincts...
This must be from the schisandra!
Schisandra, or the five-flavor fruit,
is known as a medicinal herb possessing five flavors.
Sourness Bitterness Sweetness Spiciness Saltiness
Each flavor is thought to have a beneficial effect on different organs.
These five flavors envelop the gaminess of the bear in a well-rounded way
and transform it into high-impact umami in a stroke of genius!
I use the schisandra after it's been steeped in sake.
The alcohol brings out the essential oils
and heightens the schisandra's function as a spice.
Yukihira-chin, you know a lot about schisandra.
Oh, someone I know is really knowledgeable about medicinal cuisine.
Several Days Ago
Now, back to the Hokkaido Seminar after you all drink this.
Thank you, Arato-san.
I'm so tired!
What's this?
It has a really interesting taste.
It's schisandra tea.
It energizes and revitalizes you.
Huh.
The schisandra plant is widespread in China and the Korean peninsula.
It's a vine that can also be found in Japan in Hokkaido and central Honshu
This is supposed to be break time, but we're back in class.
This and that.
Also this.
Yes, that's right.
Schisandra this.
Yes, indeed.
Let us rest our brains a little bit!
Schisandra that.
I see.
The bear's smelliness has now been dealt with, Yukihira-chin.
Yup!
Now, I have to figure out how to draw out the good flavors of bear meat.
If I can keep going, I bet I can win against Hayama.
Chief!
Hayama Akira's here!
Hey, Yukihira.
How's the recipe testing going?
What an elegant and deep fragrance.
Amid the pungent spiciness, there's a sweet-sour note.
There's even a complex interweaving of astringency throughout.
Just by smelling it, you can feel a rising heat from deep within.
This is...
Kay-what?
A spice mix used in Cajun cuisine,
which is based in the southern United States, around New Orleans!
But in his hands, the mix is utterly transformed!
What a deep, strong fragrance it has!
You're testing out schisandra berries, aren't you?
He figured it out just from the residual smell?
Sorry I figured out your strategy.
Well, you did barge into my kitchen, so it's tit for tat.
And how was Yukihira's test recipe?
Did it make better use of the bear's smelliness than mine?
I guess it was hardly necessary to ask.
Improvised knowledge and ideas won't lead you to victory against me.
You've already lost to me twice.
Hayama Akira
You know this, Yukihira.
You will lose a third time, too
An even worse defeat than before.
So warm!
I'm really looking forward to the advancement exam.
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode The Umami Tightrope
This battle's going to get rather shaky, so please hold on tight!
