EPISODE 4: FOOD POISONING
Food Poisoning.
Inside the human body,
roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically,
DENDRITE
All day every day.
ANTIBODY ENCYCLOPEDIA
24 hours and 365 days.
WHITE BLOOD CELL
They are all working very hard.
UNDER CONSTRUCTION
PLATELETS
This is the inside of a human body.
What is this?
WHITE BLOOD CELLS (NEUTROPHILS): Their main task is to eliminate foreign substances from outside, such as bacteria and viruses.
It's gastric juice.
It's dissolving the lumps of nutrients.
RED BLOOD CELLS: They carry oxygen and carbon dioxide using blood circulation.
That's amazing!
STOMACH: Stores food that's been swallowed, sterilizing it with the gastric acid that it secretes from its walls. In addition, it turns the food into mush thanks to pepsin, a digestive enzyme, carrying out the first step of digestion.
The stomach.
Stores food that's been swallowed,
sterilizing it with the gastric acid that it secretes from its walls.
In addition, it turns the food into mush thanks to pepsin, a digestive enzyme,
carrying out the first step of digestion.
So this is how food gets digested, huh?
Yeah.
See, since I've been using all my energy to learn my routes,
I've never really gotten a good look at how this all works!
So this is the first time I've seen it all getting dissolved like this!
RECEPTOR A radar-like device that can detect bacteria and the like.
My receptor!
Sorry! Red Blood Cell, let's pick up this conversation later!
No, no, it's not that crucial anyway.
Run!
VISITORS' AREA
Wh-What's going on?
What a pushover you are! What's the matter? Is that all you got?
All right, if you don't want to die, just hand over those nutrients!
Shut up, you damn germ!
I won't let you lay a finger on these blood cells or nutrients, got that?
Take that!
What kind of an attack is that?
If I'd run into Macrophage, I would've been a goner.
Who knew you'd be such a weakling?
I'm really lucky!
What's going on?
D-Dammit.
CELL
We're gonna die!
Die!
That was close!
Extermination complete.
U-Um...
Are you okay?
Can you stand up?
I'm fine.
I can get up myself.
You saved me.
I owe you one, Neutrophil.
EOSINOPHIL: A type of White Blood Cell. Said to comprise only a small percent of all White Blood Cells. Multiplies during allergic reactions or parasitic infections. Though weak, Eosinophils are capable of phagocytosis, just like other White Blood Cells.
Eosinophil.
A type of White Blood Cell.
Said to comprise only a small percent of all White Blood Cells.
Multiplies during allergic reactions or parasitic infections.
Though weak,
Eosinophils are capable of phagocytosis just like other White Blood Cells.
Hey, Eosinophil. Long time no see.
You two know each other?
Yeah, we're two White Blood Cells who grew up inside the same bone marrow.
Hello.
Oh, nice to meet you!
White Blood Cell, do you need a tissue?
Yeah. Thanks.
Hey...
Right.
That girl with the pigtails... Is she really a White Blood Cell?
But she lost to a germ!
So weak.
Are there really White Blood Cells like her?
Never heard of her.
What the heck? But she's got this giant weapon.
Can't she take out a mere cell for heaven's sake?
Let's go.
Let me remind you.
Exterminating bacteria isn't a White Blood Cell's only job.
This one has all kinds of other tasks.
Oh crap.
It's all right.
They're only speaking the truth.
It doesn't really bother me.
Is that right?
Come on, let's go!
DELICIOUS - KIND - HEALTHY GLYCERIN
What is this?
What's this?
It's coming from the stomach!
Wh-What the heck?
Run!
STOMACH
This is an emergency.
Run! Bacteria!
This is an emergency.
Did they say bacteria?
This is an emergency!
But what's up with these tremors?
This is an emergency!
This is an emergency!
SMALL INTESTINE
Ouch!
Trouble!
MAST CELL (FAT CELL): Releases chemical mediators such as histamines and leukotrienes in reaction to the production of excessive immunoglobulin. Despite being known as Fat Cells, they have nothing to do with fat.
Mast Cell.
Also known as Fat Cell.
Releases chemical mediators such as histamines and leukotrienes
in reaction to the production of excessive immunoglobulin.
Despite being known as Fat Cells, they have nothing to do with fat.
HISTAMINE
HISTAMINE: A chemical substance released by Mast Cells upon recognizing foreign substances or injury.
Histamine.
A chemical substance released by Mast Cells upon recognizing foreign substances or injury.
Can you hear it?
This melody...
Basophil!
The wheels of fortune are already turning.
Can the capriccio leading to destruction be stopped, I wonder.
O sorrowful warriors who must bear the cross known as peace...
BASOPHIL: A type of White Blood Cell. Said to comprise less than 1 of all White Blood Cells. When a Basophil encounters a specific pathogen, it releases histamines and the like, thereby triggering an allergic reaction. It creates a substance that will draw Neutrophils and Eosinophils to the affected area. Though Basophils are thought to have immunity-related functions, as well, this has yet to be sufficiently determined.
Basophil.
A type of White Blood Cell.
Said to comprise less than 1 of all White Blood Cells.
When a Basophil encounters a specific pathogen,
it releases histamines and the like, thereby triggering an allergic reaction.
It creates a substance
that will draw Neutrophils and Eosinophils to the affected area.
Though Basophils are thought to have immunity-related functions, as well,
this has yet to be sufficiently determined.
By the violent hands of a creature who knows not love,
our paradise has been transformed into a chaotic nation where control is non-existent.
There's no other way to end this tragedy but to ask for your help.
Oh... Um, but wait...
Y-You mean we've been invaded by too much bacteria to take out with gastric juice?
I-Is that right?
Wh-Whatever, let's go!
- This way? - Yeah!
Everybody, it seems that we've been invaded by bacteria.
Please evacuate the area at once.
Repeat.
Everybody, it seems that we've been invaded by bacteria.
Please evacuate the area at once.
Let's go!
There seems to have been a bacterial food poisoning outbreak.
Those in the area, please escape now. Repeat...
ENTERITIS VIBRIO: A bacteria that normally resides in sea water. Consuming seafood contaminated by this bacteria can lead to contagious enteritis vibrio food poisoning, accompanied by severe stomach pain and the like.
Enteritis Vibrio.
A bacteria that normally resides in sea water.
Consuming seafood contaminated by this bacteria
can lead to contagious enteritis vibrio food poisoning
accompanied by severe stomach pain and the like.
Hurry! Hurry!
Just deal with it! Notify them right away!
The phone's ringing off the hook!
Helper T Commander!
What's going on?
We're detecting powerful tremors near the stomach wall!
A mass of bacteria is invading!
What?
Everybody, this is Helper T Cell.
We're being invaded by a giant horde of bacteria from a colony infesting raw fish.
Please evacuate the area at once.
Underlings, go berserk!
Please evacuate the area at once.
No. H-Huh?
For bacterial food poisoning,
there's a heck of a lot of damage to the stomach wall.
Not our problem! Just send out the alert! The alert!
We're being invaded by Enteritis Vibrio!
Those of you nearby, please evacuate at once!
It's here, huh?
It's gonna be just you and me until backup gets here!
R-Right!
Forget that pink scrub! Give us a hand over here!
Damn you, you're in my way!
I'm about to be eaten! Help!
Why, you!
Wha... Hey! Don't rush in like that!
Neutrophil!
How dare you...
Back off! Eosinophil!
You don't stand a chance against that one!
Come on! Over here, you moron!
Jeez, you're so insolent!
I'm gonna start by eating you!
Watch out!
Open your eyes.
His tremendous will has led the sorrowful warrior to sacrifice himself.
To seal away the corruption of the world,
it is time to let the bloody requiem ring out.
Then what about Neutrophil?
I-Is everything else okay?
Y-Yeah.
Basophil called for backup.
Is that right?
What about you? Are you okay?
Yeah.
White Blood Cell! Eosinophil! Are you all
I'm sorry.
I was out of line.
I-It's all because my phagocytic effects are so weak.
PHAGOCYTIC EFFECTS: When phagocytes such as Neutrophils absorb bacteria and other foreign substances, and break them down.
I made you go through all this insanity alone.
When I'm a White Blood Cell myself...
No.
You said it!
Why's that Eosinophil here anyway?
No. I'm sorry, too.
I was harsh on you because it was an emergency.
I told you that you didn't have a chance, but that was... Um...
It's all right.
I already know I'm a weakling.
Thanks for protecting me.
It appears that the bacteria you were notified about earlier
have been successfully devoured.
Those of you in the area may return to work without any worries.
That was scary!
Let's get back to work!
It appears that the bacteria you were notified about earlier
have been successfully devoured.
Those of you in the area may return to work without any worries.
Repeat.
Huh?
It's over, right?
That's what they said.
MANUAL FOR GASTROINTESTINAL MOTILITY
Something's wrong.
What the...
What could it be?
It's bigger than the one before!
More bacteria?
What's going on here?
I-I thought something was off!
Since there was way too much damage
to the stomach wall for bacterial food poisoning...
Don't tell me this is...
ALERT
This is bad! The gastric acid!
The gastric acid!
Wh-What is this?
Enemy?
White Blood Cell! Over there!
That's not a pathogen!
That's...
Cells at Work!
Cells at Work!
That's...
Parasitic Anisakis!
ANISAKIS: A parasite found in marine animals. Also accelerates the immune system. When humans consume anisakis-infested seafood raw, in rare cases, they can invade the stomach and the lining of the intestines, causing food poisoning accompanied by severe stomach pain and vomiting (anisakiasis).
Anisakis.
A parasite found in marine animals.
When humans consume anisakis-infested seafood raw,
in rare cases, they can invade the stomach and the lining of the intestines,
causing food poisoning accompanied by severe stomach pain and vomiting.
Should the waves of acid spiral and produce a vortex of darkness,
a sea of hellfire will open the forbidden door
and guide the world to chaos.
The gastric acid!
VOMITING CENTER
EMESIS
EMESIS Visibility: MAX
Detecting emesis!
Oh crap, here it comes!
ESOPHAGUS
BEWARE OF REGURGITATION
NAUSEA/EMESIS: A reaction triggered by certain stimuli to the vomiting center located in the medulla oblongata. The stomach's exit is closed, whereas the entrance is relaxed, causing the stomach to regurgitate its contents. The diaphragm and abdominal muscles contract, compressing the stomach, and the stomach contents are ejected.
Nausea. Emesis.
A reaction triggered
by certain stimuli to the vomiting center located in the medulla oblongata.
The stomach's exit is closed, whereas the entrance is relaxed,
causing the stomach to regurgitate its contents.
The diaphragm and abdominal muscles contract, compressing the stomach,
and the stomach contents are ejected.
What happened to the enemy?
It's tearing through the stomach wall!
This is bad! It's about to invade!
S-Stop it no matter what!
Even if we can't kill it, we...
No. 1146 got blasted away by just its voice!
So terrifying!
Aren't you guys White Blood Cells? Hurry up and do something!
Don't be ridiculous! We don't stand a chance!
D-Dammit!
I'll go.
E-Eosinophil?
Wh-What are you talking about, Eosinophil?
How can someone who can't even beat a germ be a match for that one?
T-True!
Sure, we called you all kinds of things, like pushover,
but we don't expect you to sacrifice yourself at a time like this!
It's my job.
Wh-What the...
Wh-White Blood Cell! Did you hear what Eosinophil said?
You have to stop her!
Wh-Why aren't you saying a word?
E-Eosinophil!
Eosinophil!
Don't worry, Red Blood Cell.
But... But look at it!
It's not like she's heading off to die.
Go, Eosinophil.
No one can take down that enemy but you!
It's true that as a White Blood Cell, my job is to exterminate bacteria.
But I also have another mission!
My real job
is to exterminate parasites!
EOSINOPHIL'S JOB: When parasites invade the body, Eosinophil protects against parasitic infections by helping to kill them.
Eosinophil's job.
When parasites invade the body,
Eosinophil protects against parasitic infections by helping to kill them.
The root of all evil has been lured to the abyss of the afterlife.
The gods have pronounced judgment,
and we've been released from the curse.
I guess I managed to ward off his invasion somehow.
Thank you for chasing it away, Eosinophil!
I can't believe how you fought that thing! I had the wrong idea about you!
Sorry we made fun of you!
You were so cool!
I-I was cool?
M-Me?
Tha...
Tha...
Thanks.
You were really cool!
W-Was I?
You sure are amazing!
Seriously, you were so cool!
Was I really?
Oh no!
I can't believe I blushed like that in front of everybody!
And so...
Thanks to Eosinophil's efforts,
she was able to save this world from the threat of the anisakis.
Hey, you got totally blasted away just now, huh?
Who would have thought that light would stream in through a hole
drilled by an uninvited guest?
How ironic. I mean our fate as cells...
In other words, mission accomplished, right?
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
This is bad, White Blood Cell!
What's wrong?
There's somebody weird going, Cedar, cedar...
It's multiplied like crazy!
Next episode of Cells at Work!,
Cedar Pollen Allergies!
All right! Time to work, time to work!
EPISODE 5: CEDAR POLLEN ALLERGIES
