The Third Plate
Twenty-Two
Man, the day's finally come.
Right. It was fast.
But we're different from before.
Let's show Central how far our training's taken us.
Yup! We've got a full team we can depend on now, too!
You can see it now.
That's Rebun Island, where we'll have the Team Shokugeki.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
Good day! My name is Nakiri Alice.
To the Final Battleground
I was just expelled from Totsuki Academy.
The gloomy bunch of people with me have also been expelled.
Ugh, they're so depressing!
Erina-sama... Erina-sama... Erina-sama...
Well, they're still doing a lot better than Miss Secretary.
A lot of things have happened.
Defeated by the Elite Ten during the stage three examinations,
we were about to be forcibly sent back to Tokyo.
We are with Erina, until death do us part!
But I went on a full-on tantrum and managed to have us stay in Hokkaido.
Our fates are entwined!
So we have to see the exams through to the end
After we heard Erina and the others were going to do a Team Shokugeki,
we've been traveling north alongside their train
and reached this island.
And why are you all still so depressed?!
You came to cheer them on, didn't you?!
Pull yourselves together!
But Alice-cchi...
We promised each other to survive together, but we all lost.
How can I show myself to Erina-sama?
Stop feeling so down, Miss Secretary!
Don't call me that.
Why do I have to be here?
I betrayed you all once
You want to say you have no right to be here?
I'm tired of hearing that!
We share a bond as classmates.
And above all, the bond we share as the White Coat Trio is absolute!
I know. Thanks.
You can let me go now.
Hey, Hayama.
Since you lost to Yukihira,
that means you might also lose to me.
Let's have a match.
Sure, any time.
Okay. Right now, then.
Uh, that's not possible.
Hey, over there.
Let's step right into the special arena for the Team Shokugeki!
So many people.
There are students who cleared the final stage of the exams and the lecturers.
Culinary heavyweights are also here,
but they're all Central supporters.
They want the rebels to lose.
Honored guests!
You can see the majestic Mount Rishiri Fuji next to Rebun Island!
Against this gorgeous backdrop, your host for this final battle
is me, Urara, the idol of the 92nd class!
Te-he
Well then, let us pray for our beloved Azami administration's victory
Here they come!
Central! Let's hear it!
Central!
C-C-C-C-Central!
C-C-C-C-Central!
Central!
Central!
C-C-C-C-Central!
Yuck.
C-C-C-C-Central!
We're totally in enemy territory.
I can't hear you! Central!
Yukihira and the others are going to fight in front of them?
C-C-C-C-Central!
C-C-C-C-Central!
Bro...
C-C-C-C-Central!
Erina-sama...
Director Azami is here, too!
Azami-sama!
Director Azami!
I see.
A Team Shokugeki.
It'll determine whether we advance to next year or not
You'd better not lose!
Yup, we'll show up ready.
You can count on us!
I wish we could've fought together on the same team.
I'm sorry all of you have to shoulder everything.
Huh?
Listen, I'm only thinking about fighting the Elite Ten so I can take the No.1 spot.
I see.
So, Yukihira.
Is it just you four entering the Team Shokugeki?
No, we have a couple other people in mind.
We're gonna rustle up more allies while we train.
We'd like to be the same, numbers-wise, as the other side if we can.
I wonder if they managed to find four more.
Next are the ignorant trash who foolishly oppose the noble Central
The hated rebels! Come in!
Isshiki-senpai!
Mimasaka Subaru!
Kuga Terunori!
And not to mention...
The former third seat, Megishima Tosuke?!
They managed to scrounge up the best allies
they could find from the remaining students!
The final battle will be an even match between two teams of eight!
What's up?
I'm here to take back my seat!
Look!
Erina-sama is on the enemy team!
She's rebelling against Director Azami?!
What's going on?!
Hi, Nakamura-senpai!
Man, but it's cold.
Hello, Erina.
I trust you've been well?
Yes, Father.
First, let the teams come to an agreement as to
how many should face off in one round!
How about three per round?
Very well.
That was fast!
Let's have both teams select the three chefs who'll compete in the first round!
Totsuki Elite Ten Tsukasa Eishi Kobayashi Rindo Akanegakubo Momo Saito Somei Kinokuni Nene Eizan Etsuya Kaburagi Shoko Shiratsu Jurio
Rebels Nakiri Erina Megishima Tosuke Isshiki Satoshi Kuga Terunori Yukihira Soma Takumi Aldini Mimasaka Subaru Tadokoro Megumi
Isshiki-senpai! We've been expelled!
If you lose this round, even you'll get expelled.
That's not a real reason not to fight.
I'm here for my beloved underclassmen.
Isshiki-senpai!
Well, and I've got backup plans in case I'm unable to win.
Huh?
Let's start a farm together!
I've already identified several potential locations.
What?
I made arrangements to have our produce featured on an online organic produce site.
We'll start small-scale.
His plans are so specific... I don't know how to feel about them.
We'll post a lot of social media savvy photos.
As for uniforms...
How'd you recruit Megishima-san, the former third seat?
Oh, it wasn't easy.
All right!
You ex-students there!
There are special seats for you!
Uh, okay.
This is just a prison!
You've got to be kidding me!
What're we supposed to do if we wanna go potty?!
You're only spectating thanks to Azami-sama's mercy.
Be grateful!
Are you okay?
Even I, a Nakiri...
I feel calmer here.
Why's that?
This is humiliating.
Don't feel so down.
You'll worry Erina-sama.
You're right.
All right!
We have our first bout's chefs!
Megishima Tosuke
Megishima Tosuke!
Isshiki Satoshi
Isshiki-senpai!
Yukihira Soma
There's Yukihira!
Isshiki, let's take it on like we're trying to crush the whole lot of them.
I'm cheered by your motivation, Megishima-san.
As for Central...
Kaburagi Shoko
Kaburagi Shoko VS Megishima Tosuke
The new fifth seat...
Kaburagi Shoko.
Shiratsu Jurio
Isshiki-senpai's opponent will be the eighth seat, Shiratsu Jurio.
Shiratsu Jurio VS Isshiki Satoshi
And Yukihira will go up against
The sixth seat, Kinokuni Nene!
Kinokuni Nene
So you're my opponent, Yukihira Soma-kun.
I apologize in advance if I were to make you cry.
Don't be too hard on me!
Kinokuni Nene VS Yukihira Soma
Yukihira Soma, I hope you get beat into pulp!
Nene-senpai, murder those rebels!
I dislike mean-spirited heckling.
Man, that ice-cold stare.
I love it!
Yukihira-chin!
Pigtails over there is always in a bad mood and has a barbed tongue. Be careful.
She's probably on the rag today, too
Kuga!
Die.
Kinokuni Nene VS Yukihira Soma
The sixth seat...
It's a higher tank than Isshiki-senpai's former seventh seat.
If I remember correctly, her specialty is...
Japanese cuisine in general.
Her family runs a soba restaurant in Kanda.
Their top-notch establishment has safeguarded the tenets of Edo soba for generations.
She learned classic dance, calligraphy, and the zither, among other things.
But of course, she has received exhaustive instruction in the tea ceremony, kaiseki,
and other aspects of Japanese cuisine.
Her soba-making skills are without question!
She is a gift to the world of Japanese cuisine
A thoroughbred in every sense of the word.
All right, each match's topic will be chosen by raffle!
Draw one, please!
Okay. I defer to you, Kinokuni-senpai.
Oh, I don't mind if you do it.
I'd like to have a clean, fair fightunlike Eizan.
But I'll say this much...
Don't think that I'm limited to soba and Japanese cuisine, Yukihira Soma-kun.
Whatever topic in whatever culinary genre you may draw,
I will still crush your dish.
Nice trash talk.
Well, I'll go ahead and draw, then.
Soba
Great!
The third match's topic is Kinokuni Nene's specialty, soba!
The Elite Ten is even closer to victory now.
Eat it, rebels!
Yukihira!
What's with your bad luck?!
He's finished...
Soma-kun!
It's not my fault.
Whatever topic in whatever culinary genre you may draw... My family runs a soba restaurant.
Oh, uh, sorry.
I don't want you to apologize.
You're a miracle worker as always, Soma-kun.
As for me, it seems it'll be the eel.
Eel
Huh.
The topic has been decided!
There's no point in waiting! Let's start!
The Team Shokugeki has begun!
The first bout in the Team Shokugeki will now begin!
First Match Kaburagi Shoko vs. Megishima Tosuke Second Match Shiratsu Jurio vs. Isshiki Satoshi Third Match Kinokuni Nene vs. Yukihira Soma
Time Remaining
Time Remaining
You have two hours!
The three matches will proceed in parallel!
Chefs, please proceed to the food storage unit adjoining the arena!
The basic staples are available onstage,
but more specialized ingredients can be found there!
I'll leave you to it.
Thanks.
You're also allowed to bring your own ingredients.
Our honored judges will soon arrive, too.
Our chefs have begun cooking!
No, only Yukihira Soma has yet to return!
What?
What's he doing?!
It'll be fine. He just got back.
I thought diners don't leave their customers waiting.
Nice smell.
She's already starting to make the soba dough.
That's a big wooden bowl.
Very authentic.
First comes the hydration step.
Water is added to sifted buckwheat flour,
then mixed in by hand to hydrate the whole mixture.
It's coming together quickly!
She's efficient.
I've never seen such elegant execution.
It's almost like you're watching an artisan, rather than a chef.
This is true technique.
The fingers deftly nurture each clump of buckwheat such that it grows in size.
This delicate process allows optimal hydration of the buckwheat flour.
The soba granules have grown to the size of fava beans.
She's entering the gathering stage, where the dough is brought together into a ball.
You can tell that the dough is coming together and gaining elasticity.
It's hard to believe she's doing all that with sticks for arms.
What strength.
The secret is her lower body!
She's firmly grounded herself,
and is transferring the energy from her feet to the dough through her legs and waist.
Nene's flexibility may be an innate gift.
Because she's mixing the dough so thoroughly,
there's no need to add more water than needed.
It's authentic soba that has the minimum possible water content.
Served cold,
it'll have a smooth throat feel, with a good affinity for the dipping sauce.
Served warm,
it'll have an exquisite, mild flavor that comes from the mingling
of the soba's flavors and the broth.
It's textbook perfection!
Let's have some applause for the lady!
There is a saying in the soba-making world.
Three days to master the knife, three months to master the rolling pin,
and three years to master the mixing bowl.
It refers to the length of time required to master each step in the process.
You can tell just from observing her work
The weight of the years spent mastering her craft!
There's no way he can compete on the soba front!
Yukihira!
What are you going to do?!
All right! I've figured it out!
The dish I'm going to make is this instant yakisoba.
Chance Yakisoba
Chance Cup Yakisoba
What's he saying now?!
All right, guess I'll go with an 8:2 ratio for the buckwheat flour
and wheat flour for the binding agent.
While the soba I'm making uses a 9:1 ratio, he chose an 8:2 ratio.
Some believe that the greater the proportion of buckwheat flour to wheat flour,
the higher the quality,
but that is a major misconception.
9:1
8:2
Flour (Binding Agent)
Buckwheat
Flour (Binding Agent)
Buckwheat
Of course, the closer to 100 percent buckwheat,
the stronger its fragrance,
and the greater the buckwheat flavor and sweetness.
But the lack of a binding agent
would come across to the uninitiated as a dry, crumbly texture.
I can respect that you didn't go for the pure buckwheat option. But...
Instant yakisoba? Really?
Hm? What was that, Senpai?
Yukihira Soma-kun, that's how you've been winning so far, right?
With impulsive creativity, rapid-fire ideas...
And maybe offbeat bluffs?
But this time, that won't work.
Only the accumulation of time and history can make the beauty of soba shine.
And you lack both.
Don't think for a second that you can beat me at soba.
Time and history, huh?
Thanks for the advice, Kinokuni-senpai.
But all I'm doing here is making a soba dish that really represents who I am.
All right, Soma.
How are you going to beat the Elite Ten?
How?
Well, just think on my feet, whatever the topic might be, and... yeah.
But you lost in the Autumn Elections' Pacific saury match, didn't you?
You lost because you couldn't overcome Hayama's fragrance bull's-eye attack.
The Elite Ten you're about to face
are a bunch of guys who've perfected their specialization.
I'm not sure improv alone is going to cut it.
But see, Soma...
You do have one long-time thing you've got
going for you that you won't lose to them at, don't you?
Huh?
The fact that you're from a diner.
Soba that represents me...
That wouldn't be some rarefied thing that only a select few can understand.
Taste with widespread appeal that would be enjoyed no matter who the customer might be!
I'll bring that kind of soba to life here.
Man, modern day noodle-making machines are amazing.
They make really nice noodles.
What the hell?! He's using a machine to make the noodles!
He gave up on handmade noodles, and he's using a machine!
This is no good.
It's a done deal.
Yukihira...
He didn't give up, did he?
No.
Not yet.
Right.
He's not that weak.
Yukihira-kun has not thrown the fight.
He's quietly waiting for his chance.
Right!
Though handmade noodles are highly sought after in the soba and udon world,
the noodles aren't good because they're handmade.
They're good because they were skillfully made by hand.
There are many well-regarded restaurants who only do the hydration step by hand
and do the rest using machines.
The phrase machine-made is better than poorly-done hand-made
is common knowledge among soba aficionados.
That's true.
He has skill.
You could even say he's kept pace right behind me.
But the reality of it is,
the difference in quality between our soba noodles is undeniable.
Your victory is impossible.
If you think you have another trick up your sleeve, I dare you to show it,
Yukihira Soma!
Good job.
You're calm, Soma-kun.
Um, what about your cooking, Isshiki-senpai?
Oh, don't worry about me!
Cheering on your team mates is part of teamwork!
Remember the joyous times we spent at our Polar Star Dormitory!
Got it!
Isshiki!
I ask that you refrain from being distracted!
Cooking is an art that also encompasses our behavior during the cooking process.
We, ourselves, are part of our work.
Face me, and let us create one work of art together.
You and I can do it!
Oh, here it comes!
His finisher!
It's the one he calls the Pepper Mill Rondo!
Let's weave together the ultimate competitive performancethe sessione!
Sorry, what's your name again?
New Elite Ten Member 2nd Year, High School Division Shiratsu Jurio
Isshiki!
You make me sad!
You should at least remember the names of your classmates.
Rindo-senpai, wearing your hair up looks good on you.
Oh, really?
Can you stop chatting each other up?
Fine, Isshiki!
I'll etch my very existence into your heart with this match!
It's not just Yukihira we need to worry about.
Yeah, we need to support Isshiki-senpai and Megishima-senpai, too.
Look!
Jurio-senpai has begun to cook the eel!
The eel has been seasoned with salt and pepper.
To that, he's adding onions and garlic!
And white wine in a rondo!
His techniques, trained in Italy, are exploding onstage!
The Shiratsu family
has been tasked with providing food to the Italian consulate for generations.
They are known far and wide in both Japan and Italy.
He does have good skills.
So eel is the topic, and the opponent is skilled in Italian cuisine
This may be a tough match.
It may come as a surprise to the Japanese,
but eel dishes are mainstream in Europe.
The eel matelote Kurokiba served in the
Autumn Election semifinals is but one example.
In southern Italy, it's traditional to eat eel during Natale, or Christmas.
Huh.
Shiratsu Jurio must be pretty confident in his eel dishes, too.
What cuisine does Isshiki-san specialize in?
Based on his uniform, he seems to be good at Japanese cuisine.
Among eel chefs, there's a phrase similar to the soba world's,
Three days to master the knife, three months to master the rolling pin,
three years to master the mixing bowl.
Three years to master the skewer
Three years to master the skewer, eight years to master the fillet,
Eight years to master the fillet
A lifetime to master the flame
a lifetime to master the flame.
Eight years?!
A lifetime?!
It's on a different level.
I'm not sure that Isshiki guy has that much skill.
I know!
Maybe we should start an eel farm.
If we grow them in greenhouses, they won't hibernate,
so they'll grow fast.
Really?
Wait, now's not the time for this, Isshiki!
She's not being polite to him anymore.
Goofing off in the middle of a match!
You're always like that!
You never show your true colors and just wing everything!
I have sincere respect for your talent,
as much as Donato Gotoda-senpai, whom I admire!
Huh?
Meraviglioso!
I have dreamed of the day you and I would flourish in Central side by side!
Why won't you bend the knee to Director Azami?
You're an idiot!
A gaping idiot!
He totally doesn't care!
Kinokuni!
You tell him, too!
Tell him he's a disgrace to his renowned family, the Isshiki family!
A disgrace to a renowned family?
Wow, talk about insults.
But it's true. I guess it's appropriate.
Isshiki, do you have no pride?!
I heard you were removed from the seventh seat
and that you've continued to stay at some place called Polar Star Dormitory,
a hangout for riffraff.
I say this for your sake!
As a member of the Isshiki family, you should not be mingling with such lowlifes!
Uh, Shiratsu-kun, was it?
Let's have some quiet, shall we?
What the hell?
It was like the severed blood vessels took a while to realize they had been cut.
Shit!
Now I can totally tell that he wasn't even half serious that time.
His skills are superhuman. Who is he, really?
Is that all you can do? My, my.
Regardless of what you said about me,
I didn't think you'd run your mouth about everyone at the dorm.
Fine. I've made up my mind.
Shiratsu-kun?
Maybe I'll be serious about crushing you.
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode Bearing Polar Star Dormitory
Would anyone like to choose from a wide range of Shokugekis?
