Inside the human body,
roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically,
DENDRITE
all day every day.
24 hours and 365 days.
ANTIBODY ENCYCLOPEDIA
HEART
They are all working very hard.
WHITE BLOOD CELL
UNDER CONSTRUCTION
PLATELETS
This is the inside of a human body.
RED BLOOD CELLS: Red because they contain large amounts of hemoglobin. They carry oxygen and carbon dioxide using blood circulation.
I've come to deliver your oxygen!
Thanks for all your hard work.
Appreciate your coming through such a cramped pathway.
Oh no! It's my job!
Construction up ahead! Sorry for the inconvenience!
ROAD CLOSED
Platelet! Hello there!
Big Sister Red Blood Cell! Hello!
You got me again!
PULMONARY SAC
We will collect your carbon dioxide here.
OXYGEN GAS
HIGH-PRESSURE GAS HANDLE WITH CARE
Thank you for waiting.
Please take your oxygen.
Hey, I see you're hard at work on your own!
Senpai!
Looks like you've done some growing up!
Yes!
You have a smug look on your face,
but that's what's expected of you, okay?
Right.
PULMONARY VEIN
Keep up the good work!
But I still worry about you.
Are you sure you'll be okay on your own?
Stay away from danger and just make a run for it, all right?
I'll be fine!
I've never heard of a blood cell who only seems to run into trouble.
EPISODE 10: STAPHYLOCOCCUS AUREUS
Staphylococcus Aureus!
H-Help me!
TOWN OF STEAM 1
Somebody!
FRAGILE CONDENSED GAS
Slash, slash, slash!
Slash!
Somebody help us!
Hand over that oxygen, baby!
Our friends are being chased by a germ!
W-We've got to help them!
There's nothing we can do! I mean, we're Red Blood Cells.
Hand it over already!
Did I just manage to dodge that?
Maybe I have a chance of getting away!
No! It's a dead-end!
If only you'd handed over that oxygen like a good girl,
you wouldn't have gotten yourself killed!
What a moron!
You can shed your tears in the next world!
Wh-Who's that?
Ouch, ouch.
Wh-Who the hell are you?
I'm finished!
Th-Thank you very much!
Good?
Target...
WHITE BLOOD CELLS (NEUTROPHILS): Their main task is to eliminate foreign substances from outside, such as bacteria and viruses. Neutrophils comprise over half of the White Blood Cells in the blood.
Huh?
Red Blood Cell?
Somebody already exterminated the antigen?
Y-Yes.
The person in the mask over there took him out for me.
What's the name of that cell?
Oh, it's Monocyte.
Monocyte?
Yeah. Another Immune Cell assigned to this blood vessel.
We sometimes work together.
MONOCYTES: Mononuclear, migratory cells which comprise seven percent of all White Blood Cells. Like other Immune Cells, they take part in biological defense.
Monocytes.
Mononuclear, migratory cells which comprise seven percent of all White Blood Cells.
Like other Immune Cells, they take part in biological defense.
PHAGOCYTOSIS: When Phagocytes such as Monocytes, Macrophages or White Blood Cells (Neutrophils) consume and break down foreign substances or bacteria.
There aren't that many in the blood vessel,
but Monocyte's awesome at phagocytosis and migration,
so you're always in good hands with him!
H-He's practicing his golf swing.
So there are all kinds of migratory routes, huh?
MIGRATION: To move freely through the system.
Well, see ya! Keep up the good work, all right?
Right!
NASAL CAVITY HOT SPRINGS
Thank you for your hard work. Please stop by for a short break...
THE NASAL CAVITY: An organ located at the entrance to the respiratory system. To prevent damage to the delicate pulmonary alveoli walls, it warms and humidifies the air that enters the body.
If you're heading to the pulmonary alveoli, please feel free to stop by!
If you're heading...
NASAL CAVITY HOT SPRINGS
TARGET SIGHTED!!
BATH FOR YOUR FEET THE NASAL CAVITY
CELL
That looks like it feels so good!
It's Monocyte!
W-Was he asleep?
STEAMED BUNS
It's really yummy, huh?
Yeah!
Platelet! So, we meet again!
Big Sister Red Blood Cell!
What's that you're eating? Looks delish!
Please have one yourself. It's chock-full of glucose!
RED BLOOD CELLS ARE FOND OF SUGAR: Unlike White Blood Cells and other common cells, Red Blood Cells have no mitochondria, so glucose is their only energy source.
Thank you very much!
Thanks for the food!
Om nom nom!
So yummy! I'm gonna go back for another steamed bun for sure!
What?
Good afternoon, all you lovely cells!
We're Staphylococcus Aureus!
STAPHYLOCOCCUS AUREUS: An antigen residing in the skin and pores. It's highly toxic, and if it invades the body through an abrasion, it can cause skin infections, food poisoning, pneumonia, meningitis, sepsis and the like.
Staphylococcus Aureus.
An antigen residing in the skin and pores.
It's highly toxic, and if it invades the body through an abrasion,
it can cause skin infections, food poisoning, pneumonia, meningitis, sepsis and the like.
I know it's sudden,
but I'm going to conquer this nasal cavity now.
Go now!
Roger!
That oxygen and those nutrients... They all belong to us!
This time for sure, target sighted!
I'll kill you! I'll kill you!
Evacuate, Red Blood Cell!
Okay!
Th-Thank goodness!
The White Blood Cells are here!
Die, germ!
Die!
Come back here!
It's over now!
You guys, don't forget your coagulation factor!
Okay!
Check it out! They're the only ones left standing!
We can take them out right now!
Another new strain of Staphylococcus Aureus, huh?
It'll always be the same every time you come!
Just like that day!
Not bad, wouldn't you say?
Now wipe them out!
Turns out you were the one with the flaky friends.
Too late for that now!
We're going to bring you down no matter what!
And you and your friends are all gonna get wiped out!
Well, are you sure about that?
Let's go then, everybody!
Okay!
Wh-What the...
Th-They're like a bunch of grapes!
HOW THE STAPHYLOCOCCUS GOT ITS NAME: Multiple Staphylococci form a grape-like cluster, hence the name Staphylococcus, meaning grape-like.
How the Staphylococcus got its name.
Multiple Staphylococci form a grape-like cluster,
hence the name Staphylococcus, meaning grape-like.
Staphylococcus Aureus...
fuse!
Wh-Whoa!
Wh-What the...
You see, today,
I'm not like before!
Cells...
Cells at Work!
I-It's huge!
See, what did I tell you? I'm different today!
Huh? Different?
Then, why don't I devour you?
I'll kill you!
Oh, that's not happening!
She deflected us?
A net from the underground...
No,
that's...
Look familiar?
That's right! Fibrin!
FIBRIN: A protein involved in clotting the blood. Has a mesh-like or rice cake-like quality.
Fibrin.
A protein involved in clotting the blood.
Has a mesh-like or rice cake-like quality.
I-Is that...
Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
Attach the fibrin to the coagulation factors like this.
Right!
Heave-ho!
Is that the thing you Platelets created to close up the wound?
Yes, that's right.
What's she doing with that fibrin?
I get it now!
Take that!
Oh crap!
Wh-What's going on?
Shall I enlighten you?
You see...
I've heard about this before!
It's one of the tactics of Staphylococcus Aureus!
By wrapping herself up in fibrin, she can block our attacks!
The name of that move is... Wait...
Something like...
Coag...
Hey, don't steal my thunder!
That's right. Coagulase!
Right now, both my defensive and offensive powers are off the charts!
I'm invincible!
Understand?
COAGULASE: An enzyme that brings about the coagulation of blood by precipitating fibrin. The bacteria that produce this use fibrin as a barrier to evade White Blood Cell attacks. (Phagocytosis)
Coagulase.
An enzyme that brings about the coagulation of blood by precipitating fibrin.
The bacteria that produce this
use fibrin as a barrier to evade White Blood Cell attacks.
Meaning that none of your lowly attacks can touch me.
And thanks to my attack power,
you're all finished!
What happened to White Blood Cell and the others?
My, how delicious this feels!
Looks like both your hands and feet are tied.
Oh wait... Your feet are intact at least!
No way! White Blood Cell! Please get up!
Or you're going to end up dead!
Big Sister, be careful!
You're gonna fall outside the blood vessel!
At last, I can get my revenge on you, you nasty Neutrophil!
This one's for our younger cousin
who invaded this body before and got herself killed.
YOUNGER COUSIN
Now then, if I can just
tear them limb to limb!
Wh-Who are you guys?
Th-That person...
It's the Monocytes!
They came to save us!
Oh my, that's the outside of the blood vessel right there!
Everybody,
OUTSIDE THE BLOOD VESSEL
INSIDE THE BLOOD VESSEL
we're going to change costumes now!
Okay!
Th-Th-That voice...
MACROPHAGES AND MONOCYTES: Monocytes are produced in the bone marrow, and reside in the bloodstream, but when they circulate outside the blood vessel, they become Macrophages.
Macrophages and Monocytes.
Monocytes are produced in the bone marrow, and reside in the bloodstream,
but when they circulate outside the blood vessel, they become Macrophages.
I don't know what kind of cells you are,
but don't you dare get in my way!
Here.
Us, too.
Take that.
Ouch!
Who knew you were actually strong?
N-No way! Cells wielding blunt objects...
Not to mention strong!
Wait, don't tell me they're...
Macrophages!
MACROPHAGE: A type of White Blood Cell. Captures and kills foreign substances such as bacteria, and finds antigens and immunity information. Also acts as a cleaner, tidying up dead cells and bacteria.
Macrophage.
A type of White Blood Cell.
Captures and kills foreign substances such as bacteria,
and finds antigens and immunity information.
Also acts as a cleaner, tidying up dead cells and bacteria.
But Macrophages are crazy strong!
No thanks, I'm outta here!
We don't stand a chance against them!
Impossible, impossible, impossible!
Hey! This is no time to bail!
Oh my!
A falling-out with your friends?
What are we going to do with you?
You're on the same side. Can't you get along?
Don't you dare mock me!
Damn you!
Now then, everybody!
We're going to bulldoze right through them!
With pleasure!
Allow me to apply the finishing touch, will you?
So powerful!
So awesome!
Now then!
We're done cleaning!
That was refreshing!
Looks like we just got burned to a crisp today.
Just one of those days...
Really, we sure owe you one, Macrophage.
Who knows how it would've ended up if it was just us?
Oh my, but it's all because you held them off.
We just arrived late to the party!
I'm thrilled to have been of use!
Just kidding!
Oh please.
That's our signal when we're Monocytes!
No way.
Right, it is the signal we use when we're Monocytes.
U-Um...
M-Macrophage... and Monocyte... You're one and the same?
Wait, but how'd you get inside that...
No, wait, all that muscular strength...
All maidens have a secret or two, you know!
Sometimes gentle,
sometimes violent.
She's a childcare worker,
a cleaner
and also an assassin.
Macrophage wears many hats
as you can see!
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
It sure is hot, huh, Platelet?
Listen, listen! What's happening is called global warming, they say.
But it's still too hot this year, right?
Next episode of Cells at Work!,
Heatstroke!
EPISODE 11: HEATSTROKE
Please have some cold barley tea!
