The Third Plate
Eighteen
Congratulations on your battle royale victory, Hayama Akira.
Now, you are an official member of Central.
I don't give a shit about that.
As promised, set up the research lab for Jun and me
I am aware.
But before that, you have your first assignment.
It's a simple matter.
Once and for all, finish off the opponent you've already defeated twice before.
You can't do this, Hayama-kun.
Leave Central right now.
I told you not to join Central, didn't I?
Why won't you listen to me?
Even if you listen to Azami-senpai,
there's no guarantee that he'll let you do what you want
So what?
Is there any other way we can continue our research?
You just don't get it, Hayama-kun!
Wh-What the hell?!
Do you even get how much everything we've been through means to me?
Fine.
No matter what you say,
I'm going to protect this place.
I don't care what I have to sacrifice.
Here's the chicken-fried bear.
Please enjoy.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
For Whom
The bear dish prepared by the master of fragrance, Hayama Akira
chicken-fried bear.
Hayama, where's mine?!
Hurry up, and let me try it!
Shut up.
Here.
After you've tasted it and accept defeat, leave the academy.
You're really acting like you have no time for me, huh?
I've always felt that way.
We're no longer on equal footing. Get that through your thick skull.
He's really confident.
He must've had to walk the same tightrope
of smelliness and umami, and yet...
Yeah.
The first test is whether he succeeded in his wager
to remove the smelliness...
But there isn't much to doubt there.
On to the tasting.
Hot, hot, hot!
The light batter is shining so brightly, it's almost blinding.
Hayama's skills are the real deal.
N-No way. What is this?
Just bringing it close to your mouth
is enough to make the spices sing!
Now, if I may!
So good!
No, Berta!
Keep it together!
Yeah, Cilla!
We have to stay calm and analyze this.
This pungent spiciness is the piperine from black pepper!
Its synergy with pyrazine, an aromatic compound resulting from heating paprika,
has formed the foundation of the dish's flavor profile.
Thyme is countering bear meat's gaminess.
Thymol, that sharp and astringent compound, is at work here.
Oh, and cayenne and oregano's... um...
I can't stand this anymore!
I'm losing all sense of reason!
How exquisite!
The bear meat's smelliness has been converted into a powerful umami in its entirety!
The complex buildup of umami and the layers of flavor...
This clearly surpasses Yukihira Soma's creation!
In addition to the obvious Cajun spice mix,
I've added to the marinade juniper berries that have been crushed with
a mortar and pestle to heighten their fragrance.
The more you chew,
the more the exquisite and even sweet umami of the bear
should spread like a torrent through your mouth.
Yukihira-dono even chose smellier parts of the bear
and used schisandra berries to enhance the bear's flavors
And that wasn't enough?
It must mean that Hayama's spice use
skills are that much higher.
Even humans are said to be able to tell apart
several thousand to nearly ten thousand odors.
I simply used that ability in this dish.
Yeah, right.
As if anyone could've made that dish
without Hayama's superhuman sensitivity and sense of smell...
Now, for the finishing blow.
Wow, I wouldn't have thought to use a blow torch to sear
the fish to bring out the oils and fragrance...
How'd you come up with that?
C'mon, tell us.
Well, I won't take a back seat next time now that I know your tricks.
Don't think you're better than anyone else.
Did you guys come here to pick a fight?
Man...
Sorry, Yukihira.
But I have something I want to protect,
even if it means defeating you guys!
He couldn't surpass Hayama.
That means that, with this match...
It is too early to judge.
We have merely tasted the fried meat by itself.
We have yet to taste it with the sauce.
Oops, that was close.
I was about to finish the whole thing.
Okay, I'll dip Hayama-san's fried bear into the gravy.
A sauce made from deglazed bear fond, with a generous dose
of the juniper berry's fragrance...
There it is!
An offshoot of the chest-baring ability that the Nakiri clan
has passed down for generations!
The explosive tearing of cloth due to willpower,
also known as The Explosion!
The Explosion
This is almost like...
A flavor bombardment!
It is almost terrifying how polished this dish is.
Juniper berries and Cajun spices!
Spiciness and sweetness!
A golden ratio to enhance the bear meat's flavor...
He has achieved the perfect balance!
It is the result of his scientific pursuit of how
fragrance and deliciousness are interconnected.
If I were to make an analogy,
it demonstrates ironclad perfection from every angle!
The dish is akin to an impenetrable fortress!
There's no way you can catch up to me.
It's just not possible without my superhuman sense of smell.
You're finished.
Did you just say finished?
Hayama, don't get the wrong idea.
He hasn't given up yet.
The final bell hasn't been rung yet!
Next, I'll have Yukihira Soma's minced meat cutlet with the sauce.
What a nice smell.
Like Hayama-san's sauce, this seems to be based on bear broth.
Yeah.
The schisandra berries steeped in sake provide a focal point.
What a gentle garlic fragrance.
Where is this mildness coming from?
I see.
In comparison to Hayama's juniper berries,
Yukihira-chin used that ingredient as the main player in the sauce.
Huh?!
What?!
The entire dish has taken a 180 degree turn.
What a lingering fragrance...
Thought persistent, it's not clinging.
It's as though the bear meat's sweet flavors have been sharpened...
What's going on?!
Our clothes came off!
There it is.
This technique is the more advanced version of the earlier Explosion ability.
The Explosion
More advanced than The Explosion?
Upon tasting a dish full of spiritual harmony that is worthy of chest-baring,
the willpower that flows in a Nakiri's veins is unleashed as a wave.
This temporarily imparts the baring ability to outsiders.
It is known as The Gift!
The Gift
The Gift?!
Yukihira-dono was able to create such a dish?!
Hmm, this secret behind this sauce's delicious flavors
are honey and balsamic vinegar, correct?
That's right!
The honey's faint sweetness brings depth of flavor to the sauce,
and the vinegar's acidity brings the flavors together into a sharp focus.
No, depth and sharpness alone cannot result in strong flavor.
This fragrance... is from caramelization.
The honey has been slowly caramelized.
That's an oxidation process that occurs when you heat sugars, right, Berta?
Yes, Cilla.
It's an important technique that is employed in a wide range of dishes
from French cuisine to sweets.
That's right!
First, I slowly caramelized the honey,
then thinned it with balsamic vinegar until it reached a good consistency.
I then added garlic and minced onions that had been sauteed separately,
and simmered it with schisandra berries.
Finally, I added the bear broth and seasoned it with salt
to create the ultimate sauce, which can accelerate the minced bear cutlet's flavors!
Huh.
I see.
He enhanced bear meat with honey,
then used balsamic vinegar and caramelization to
subtract and emphasize.
In other words, I managed to demonstrate two theoretically opposing principles
the subtraction of aroma and its emphasis in unison with this single dish.
Sorry, but I decided to use the principles you used in the finals against you.
He really can't let go when it comes to a match, huh.
I do like that about him.
Hayama Akira's chicken-fried bear was an exquisite and elegant dish.
The fried meat itself was overwhelmingly superior.
However, if we were to judge the sauce on its own merits,
Yukihira Soma is the victor!
He caught up!
But who's the overall victor?!
Well, then!
We will now begin evaluations!
Nakiri Soue-dono,
Cilla-dono,
Berta-dono
Please cast your votes!
If the fried meat and the sauce are judged together as a whole,
which dish achieved better success in showcasing the bear's flavors?
I've made my decision!
Me, too!
This one!
A split vote!
Does this mean they're equal?
For whom will you cast your final vote, Nakiri Soue-dono?
An impeccable umami!
An impregnable fortress on one hand,
and a siege machine that focuses all of its flavors into one strike on the other!
Which one will Nakiri Soue-dono choose?
My chicken-fried bear had no flaws.
But he's managed to catch up to me.
Yukihira...
You're an eyesore.
I can't lose.
Absolutely not.
In this match, both of you are near equals in flavor.
That is reflected by Berta and Cilla's split vote.
If there was a factor that'd decide the outcome,
it'd be one's obsession with one's dish.
Yukihira Soma, you did not use just any honey in the sauce, correct?
Indeed, the faint tannic notes of this honey's fragrance are from
I'm glad you noticed!
I used honey from the Amur cork tree!
A honey from a member of the Rutaceae family,
the same family as the mandarin orange...
Yeah, it's known for having a light sweetness
and a faintly bitter aftertaste.
Other types of honey could have complemented the
bear meat with richness and mellowness,
but it could have led to an overly-heavy flavor profile
if its flavors simply amplified the minced meat cutlet's strong punch.
But when the honey from the Amur cork tree is used...
The faint bitter and tannic aftertaste
is an excellent match with the bear meat
it is almost miraculous!
Yukihira Soma did not overlook the potential drawbacks of using honey
and pursued better taste to a far greater extent.
But how'd he come up with this combination?
Yeah, it's hard to believe he was randomly inspired to use this particular honey.
I was done in by you at the Moon Festival, too.
I gotta admit, you never give up until you find an
answer you're satisfied with, Yukihira-chin.
If there's anything you find that might work as an ingredient,
please let me know right away!
Let's scrounge up as many ideas as we can find before sundown!
Yukihira-dono!
We've found acorns and kiwi berries for now!
We've gathered Yezo spruce leaves!
Great!
Thanks!
Okay, let's go over to the ridge next!
'Kay.
All right!
Let's go down to the creek!
Crap...
We'll go as long as we can
to increase our options as much as possible.
Then I'll test everything out at the kitchen!
I'm gonna test dozens and hundreds, even thousands of combinations!
So we'll be going into the mountains again tomorrow.
Thanks for your help.
Again?!
The Chinese RS members are well trained.
You can abuse them as long as you don't kill'em.
Chief!
So we just scrambled around all over the place
and finally found honey as an option.
But there are a lot of kinds of honey,
so it took a little longer
to settle on Amur cork tree honey.
What lies at the very foundation of this dish
is none other than a chef's boundless curiosity and obsession with flavor!
There, I see who the chef is as an individual!
What?!
The deciding factor
was to what degree the dish was a reflection of the chef as an individual.
The one who deserves victory
is the chef who best pursued his own cooking!
The chef who truly sought what his cooking should look like!
Impossible!
How can he possibly reach my dish's level of sophistication
Do you really believe that?
Chef Dojima...
So, you're saying you pursued true gourmet dining to the best of your abilities?
Of course.
I constructed a sublime and perfect balance of
All by yourself,
without even knowing who you're cooking for?
Wow.
That's amazing, Hayama-kun.
It has such a rich smell.
Of course, this is nothing.
I'm going to be the top student at Totsuki.
Yup, yup, yup.
Good.
Perfect.
But should I use a coarser grind of the spices used in the Cajun blend
to let the flavors stand out more?
What do you think, Jun
I don't even need to taste the dish to know
that this dish is clearly different from what you served
at the Autumn Elections finals.
Hayama Akira, can you say with utter sincerity
that you approached this dish with true passion
and did everything you could during the testing process?
Were you perhaps missing the zealous desire to have someone say that the dish is delicious?
Then how'd Yukihira... How'd he get as far as he did?
Where'd your motivation come from?
Were you really that greedy about your dish because
you wanted to survive the advancement exams?
The hell you talking about, Hayama?
It was for you! All for you!
It's because I was gonna make you eat the dish, of course!
It was all to make you say it's delicious!
To crush you!
That's why I've been working so hard!
So I can't stand to see you all distracted!
Here's one piping hot.
Dig in, Hayama!
I see it now.
Yukihira's passion for this dish
all of his trials and tribulations are flooding into me.
He kept me in squarely in his sights, even though I'd closed myself off,
and only thought about how to improve this dish.
He wasn't me, who'd lost sight of why he was cooking
and could only wear himself down to the bone.
Jun?
Oh, sorry.
Did it hurt?
Are you okay?
Why are you here, Shiomi-senpai?
I invited her.
We know each other from our Polar Star Dormitory days, after all.
That was a shock.
Jun's never hit me before.
I'm also your guardian,
so think of that as parenting.
Okay, I'm going to tell you my conclusions after thinking about all that's happened.
I don't need a research lab anymore.
There was something I wanted you to do more
than I wanted to get my equipment and budget back.
What?
What I've really wanted to see...
is you really enjoying your cooking
and devoting yourself to your craft with lots of friends your own age.
You're still a kid, Hayama-kun.
You don't have to feel responsible for the research group shutting down.
What? Don't treat me like a kid, Jun.
Don't call me that!
Hayama, I don't care what Central does,
but I still want to work on cooking with you.
I won't let you give up on your own cooking.
That's right. I...
Being here...
with everyone...
I was actually really enjoying myself.
That's what you let me remember.
It's like... a message from God.
Finally.
Finally.
Finally, it's happening.
With a vote of two to one,
we declare Yukihira Soma the victor!
Glad you enjoyed it!
We have nowhere to call home now, I guess.
Why are you laughing?
Oh, about that.
Why don't you just come to Polar Star?
You'll at least have somewhere to cook, too!
Shiomi-senpai, you used to live there.
We have tons of empty rooms.
Right?
Say yes!
Yukihira-kun...
Thanks, Yukihira.
I really appreciate the thought.
Yukihira-kun!
Hey, Nakiri.
How did it go?
Oh, I managed to redeem myself.
S-So you won?
Did you run all the way here?
Your hair's a mess.
Well, of course!
Ah, here you are.
Aide to Nakiri Azami Aida Sean
I am Aida, Azami-sama's aide.
Excuse me.
Hayama Akira, you understand what is happening, correct?
Yeah.
Given the most recent results, you are being expelled.
We have received reports from exams that have occurred on other routes, as well.
Erina-sama... I am so sorry!
Shit!
All of the above have been expelled.
Totsuki
Next Episode Declaration of War
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Right, let's go to the station up north!
