The Third Plate
Seventeen
You will lose a third time, too
An even worse defeat than before.
Hey, Hayama.
You look kind of glum for someone who managed to win a seat in the Elite Ten.
You even got in bed with Central
to get what you wanted in the Elite Ten.
You should at least look like you're having fun.
I didn't join Central to have fun.
I joined Central...
What do you mean by that
That's none of your business.
Stop bothering me.
This match is only a checkpoint for me.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Totsuki Train Arc
Baths
Men
The Umami Tightrope
Hey, Yukihira-chin!
Why'd you come back with your tail between your legs?
That was your chance to challenge him to a Shokugeki!
It's so easy!
Let's do a Shokugeki at this exam!
That's all you had to say!
You wanna crush Hayama, don't you?
Well, sure, but...
Hm?
Hm?
Dojima-senpai...
What's wrong, Yukihira?
You look like something's on your mind.
How the Shiomi Research Group was shut down?
Yeah.
Do you know how it happened, Dojima-senpai?
Did Hayama not challenge Central to a Shokugeki for the research group's survival?
What's any of this got to do with you, Yukihira-chin?
Who cares about a loser who's become the Azami administration's lap dog?
Well, I just have a hard time imagining someone like Hayama taking orders
from an enemy without a reason.
As you'd guessed, that wasn't his plan.
At least, not at first.
Hayama-kun!
Shiomi Research Group Creative Curry Laboratory
We did it!
A lot of corporate reps just came over
and said they'll increase the budget for our joint projectsall of them!
Huh.
Well, that's no surprise given all your accomplishments.
You may not look it, but you used to be in the Elite Ten.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Shiomi Research Group Creative Curry Laboratory
Hey, are you listening to me, Hayama-kun? Hey!
I guess we'll be neck deep in research again...
What do you mean, you want to terminate the business partnership?
Big Curry Products Business Development Division
We do apologize for the inconvenience.
The details will be specified in the letter.
Hey, wait...
We do apologize. Please consider the contract null and void.
We understand it's a major inconvenience,
but we are withdrawing our sponsorship effective immediately.
Why?!
Tell us why!
Because all autonomous groups in Totsuki Academy will be disbanded.
Central will be the only public face of Totsuki.
Your culinary sensitivities are
worthy of inclusion in the world of true gourmet food I envision.
I want you to join Central.
I'll give you an entire laboratory facility for your personal use.
That is, if you'll accept the disbanding of the research group
and swear fealty to me.
This is stupid, old man.
I'll never let you shut down Shiomi Research Group
That research group has no future as long as I'm here.
Data Oct-Nov'12
Neither do these, in fact.
Give them back!
You have no right to them!
That's ourthe research group'sresearch data!
This is where we begin negotiations.
If you'll do as I say,
I'll allow you to add Professor Shiomi to your research facility.
You can choose to engage in a Shokugeki for the
continued existence of your research group,
but even if you win, your corporate partnerships are long gone.
Professor Shiomi's activities will most likely be restricted, too.
In the coming days, there will be a battle royale to fill the vacant Elite Ten seats.
I do hope to see you there.
Hayama participated in the battle royale and became the ninth seat.
That is all I've heard.
It's likely that forcing Hayama Akira to
become an ally was Nakiri Azami's objective from the very start.
Azami's such a bastard!
Unbelievable!
Seriously?! I feel really bad for Hayama-chin!
Hayama must defeat you in order to reach his goal.
I see.
So that's why he said it's a checkpoint.
Hey, Yukihira-chin?
Hayama!
Hayama!
Hayama!
Hayama!
Hayama!
Hayama!
Hayama, I heard what burden you're carrying.
If you can beat me in the advancement exam,
you can keep on doing what you want to do.
So this match is just a checkpoint for that, right?
Sounds about right.
You should really stop underestimating me.
I'm here to redeem myself.
I don't care what the actual reasons are
I'm really looking forward to facing you for real.
Don't you dare be distracted by anything but what you'll be cooking, got it?!
Huh?
Any match needs a goal.
You have no idea what's going on, anyway
Wasn't the research group important to you?
And you couldn't even fight to save it.
The hell I'm gonna lose to a pathetic loser like that!
Yukihira!
Fine.
If you're that eager to suffer defeat...
I'll hand it to you on a silver platter.
Yukihira-chin, you might get expelled for this.
Do you understand that?
Day of Stage Three Exam
So your stage three exam also involves facing the Elite Ten?
Yes, both Ryo-kun and I are heading over now.
Who would've thought that Hayama-kun would turn against us
after we worked hard at the Moon Festival together?!
Has he forgotten the mindset we developed in the White Coat Trio team I led?
He's got a lecture coming!
Oh, you do that.
Oh, if you have a message for me, I can tell him.
No, that's not necessary.
We'll all pass stage three and meet up at the next exam location.
Then we can all complain to Hayama-kun.
Right, we all will.
Good luck!
All right!
Everyone else's fired up, too.
I've gotta keep up!
Yukihira-chin, you understand this, right?
You're all up against the Elite Ten.
It's impossible for all the rebels to make it through this round.
A normal person would think that, at least.
Well, that's up to them.
I can only work on my upcoming match.
Green Room Tadokoro Megumi Takumi Aldini
Everyone else is about to start their exams, too.
Yeah.
Hey, now isn't the time to be worrying about anyone else!
After all, I'm the one you'll be facing!
Well, let's get cooking!
Everyone...
I can only have faith
in the abilities of the chefs I've come to trust.
I trust you're both ready.
Let me introduce the judges to you.
Stare...
Huh?
Hey, Berta. The other one's better looking, isn't he?
Yes, he is, Cilla.
But maybe I don't really like men who are too good looking.
This unsophisticated-looking guy might be more reliable.
You just don't get it, Cilla!
Guys like him can be more passionate!
Really?
Then I'll cheer him on, too!
Yup, yup.
So, good luck, handsome!
Wow, I feel like I've already lost before we even got started.
Hey, Dojima-senpai.
Where's the impartiality here?!
And they're both just kids!
How can they be judges?
I hate rude people!
What's your complaint, shorty?
Who you calling shorty?!
Allow me to introduce them.
They are Cilla and Berta, geniuses whose knowledge of brain physiology
Nakiri International Research Staff Cilla Berta
and culinary sensitivity led them to be recruited by Nakiri Leonora-dono.
Their ability to judge dishes is unquestionable.
The chair of the judging panel
is the founder of Totsuki International, the academy's research institute.
Oh, Nassan.
Good morning, Nassan!
Nassan?
He's delegated most of the institute's day-to-day operations to his wife, Leonora,
to focus his efforts on negotiating external contracts.
He is Nakiri Soue-dono.
Founder, Nakiri International Nakiri Soue
Oh, I see, the Na in Nassan is from Nakiri.
Senzaemon
Leonora
Soue
Azami
Alice
Erina
So he's Leonora-san's husband, Nakiri Alice's dad,
Nakiri Erina's uncle,
and the former director's son!
Thank you for coming all the way here, Soue-dono.
It's been a while, Dojima Gin.
I trust you've been well?
Wow, he's really uptight.
But wait, he's a relative of Nakiri Azami's, isn't he?
How can we trust him?!
Do not underestimate me, Kuga Terunori.
As a judge, I swear I will exercise absolute impartiality.
Even if this were a match involving my own daughter, Alice,
I would be fair in my judgment.
Why?
Because even should she be defeated,
Alice is the most adorable thing in the entire world.
Oh, but Leonora is the most adorable thing in the entire world, too.
Their charm is the sole mystery I can never solve, even in a lifetime of research.
It turns out he's a doting father and husband, I guess.
So...
Hayama Akira. Yukihira Soma.
Look.
Here is the bear meat that is the topic today.
What a thick layer of fat!
The bear was caught by a first-rate hunter.
The carcass was butchered and drained of blood with flawless expertise.
You will face each other using this meat.
Got it.
Hayama, let's do a taste comparison of each other's food,
just like we did in the prelims.
I have no idea what you're planning to prepare,
but there's nothing to compare between us anymore.
We are worlds apart.
It's time.
Let the cooking begin!
What part is Hayama going to use?
Looks like loin.
He's chopped the meat into large chunks,
and is coating them with a puree of garlic, ginger, and onion.
He's going to tenderize the meat with that marinade.
Meanwhile, he's making batter from eggs and starch...
And oil?
He's going to fry it.
Fried chicken is a dish with a long history, born in the American south.
I'll serve you a version of the dish that is appropriate for this venue.
Fried chicken made with bear meat...
So chicken-fried bear?
Hayama's going in for the kill.
If he can concentrate the bear's umami within the batter,
he'll create the ultimate dish that'll knock your brains out.
But on the flip side, if he botches the removal of gaminess from the meat,
all the unpleasant flavors will be trapped within the batter.
Will it be umami or smelliness that's left?
It's big gamble!
Hayama has no intention of playing defense...
He intends to bring the fight to close quarters!
It seems he has absolute confidence.
He believes he can control every single aspect of the ingredient.
Look!
Yukihira-dono's also preparing breading and oil!
Even a smell that may be totally fine when out in the open
can turn into an unpleasant odor in a more confined space.
That does mean that if you can't take advantage of the smell that remains,
it's because you're a bad chef.
I finally get it now, after listening to Kuga-senpai and the hunter guy.
I have to take full advantage of the bear's flavors,
even if I have to risk trapping bad odors in the dish!
If I don't, I'm never going to stand a chance against Hayama.
And this...
So they both chose a fried dish in the end?!
One could say the gloves are off on this fight.
It'll be a fierce slugfest between two boxers at close quarters!
Combine different parts of the bear
loin, boned rib, round, and fatty and lean meat
into ground meat.
Season with schisandra, onion, and salt.
One misstep and the umami will turn into smelliness.
Stay sharp.
Keep dealing the best hand you can think of!
Yukihira's pouring bear broth into the meat!
So he's adding even more of the bear's essential flavors
when the meat already has a strong wild flavor.
You can't help but get drawn in...
There's no way anyone can look away.
What they're doing...
with a single misstep!
What a nerve-wracking tightrope walk!
But...
When it comes to a tightrope of flavor and fragrance,
Hayama Akira is the greater expert!
There it is!
Hayama's original Cajun spice blend!
He must be making a sauce.
Yukihira, don't tell me you have the time to lay eyes on anyone else.
Don't worry.
I'll make enough for you to try.
You can do all the taste comparing you want.
What is that smell?
Is it something like cypress?
It's a smell unique to conifers, Berta.
You're right, Cilla.
It's probably terpenes and phenols.
They stimulate the cerebral cortex and aid relaxation.
I thought so.
The core component of the fragrance Hayama is trying to create
is the genievre.
Geni... evre?
Juniper berries.
They're a spice that's been used ever since ancient Egypt.
Right, Berta?
Yes, Cilla.
It has the astringency of pine resin
and a fragrant sweetness.
Some spiciness, too.
Thicken bear broth with flour and milk,
then season the sauce once it is fragrant and has deepened in color.
Add the spices for fragrance, and then...
You have a gravy that will further enhance the fried bear.
No way!
This is impossibly complex and fragrant compared to normal gravy!
I want to taste just a tiny bit!
You want to try it?
Sure.
Here.
What rich, wild bear flavor!
But there is no smelliness!
The juniper berry's spiciness is spreading throughout my body!
What a masculine, aggressive flavor!
I'm being schooled by this enthralling fragrance!
Even we...
are easily...
domesticated!
What a terrifying chef.
Who would've thought that the sauce alone would be enough to subjugate them?
All right, my sauce is done, too.
Oh!
Yukihira-dono's getting to the frying process first.
How strange.
Thinking back,
I'm actually glad I lost that day.
Hayama Akira
Thank you, Hayama.
If I hadn't lost to you,
I wouldn't be the chef I am now.
He's improved the hamburger he tested earlier,
and added the breading
to further concentrate and strengthen the bear's flavors.
It's a minced meat cutlet!
Now, judges.
Here's the best bear dish I could come up with.
Wow, Berta!
Cilla!
It's fried to perfection!
The brilliance of the essential fatty acids is
making my visual optic nerves really happy!
Hayama, I'll make yours right before you try it.
Just let me know when you have a minute to spare, okay?
Well, then. Soue-dono, Berta-dono, Cilla-dono, please try the dish!
Can he win against Hayama Akira?
More importantly, did you win your own wager, Yukihira Soma?
How did you do on your tightrope walk across not letting any flavors escape,
while not permitting unpleasant odors?
I want to try it while it's still piping hot...
May I have a napkin?
Nassan?!
You'll go first?!
Is this too impolite?
Not at all!
That's the best way to eat a minced meat cutlet!
Please take a big bite!
I will.
I'll try it, too!
Me, too, then!
So hot!
Here we go!
What is... this?
It's delicious!
The sweet and strong meat juices explode in your mouth
The umami is enough to rattle your brains!
Sourness, bitterness, sweetness, spiciness, and saltiness...
The schisandra's various flavors are converting
the bear's gaminess into umami in a balanced way.
This is like getting slapped by the richness of flavor!
This is a watershed between the two extremes of flavor, the best and the worst.
Not to mention, he has made a dangerous gamble far beyond one's imagination.
Yukihira Soma,
you were fearless and generous with your use of meat that lay close to the bone.
I see.
The closer meat is to the bone, the more gamey its flavor!
This tendency is even more pronounced in the meat of wild game!
So Yukihira-chin threw the smelliest parts of the bear into the cutlet.
He discerned the limit of preventing smelliness
and easily stepped over the line normal chefs would not be able to cross.
Why did you take such a big risk?
Well, smelliness has a powerful potential to lead to umami.
Of course you go all in!
That's where the potential for delicious taste lies.
Hey, Berta.
I thought he was unsophisticated...
Yeah, I guess we thought wrong, Cilla.
A dangerous man who takes big risks to win...
How wonderful!
Yukihira Soma...
He combined several different parts of the bear into the ground meat.
Doing so further emphasized the variance in the strength of flavors within the cutlet
and successfully created a umami gradient.
That is how he created such a complex richness.
He crossed quite a tightrope with this dish...
The determination of a chef to endure such risks
is bursting me open!
Oh, look!
He Who Inherits the Chest-Baring
seems to have acknowledged Yukihira's dish.
Yeah!
I knew I believed in you.
Oh, I wouldn't be so sure.
Thank you for waiting.
This is the ultimate bear dish.
What?!
What is this... brilliance?!
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode For Whom
The train will be barreling into a blizzard!
