The next time I fall in love,
I'd prefer a guy who's a bit coldhearted.
He doesn't hafta listen to my selfish desires.
However, on the day after we have a quarrel,
he'll give me a single flower and a couple words of love.
That kinda guy.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
I'm so excited I can't sleep.
It seems like such a long time ago that we went to the Trapnest concert.
Damn! I kept looking at Ren, and forgot to look at Takumi.
Takumi...
Oh, well. What's done is done.
It's been at least two hours since Nana left.
But knowing Nana...
One day we'll be better than Trapnest! Good riddance!
Let me see you try.
I was thinking, what if she bluntly declares a rivalry and quickly returned home?
But I'm sure things are going well.
I hope things go well.
Since we came into this world as women,
let's be happy as women, Nana.
Nana!
I have no intention of getting back together with you!
What are you doing? These roses must've been expensive.
What's with the stingy comments? You're Trapnest's guitarist.
Flowers wither after a little time anyway,
so I'm making good use of them while they still have value.
Not a story I prefer.
But you won't wither, Ren!
In any case, look at this gorgeous room.
And you each get a room to yourself?
This is what they call aSuite Room, right?
Nope. Deluxe Room.
It's deluxe, all right. Especially this bath.
It's unnecessarily too big. I don't feel comfortable.
Being here like this is like going back in time.
We used to soak in the bathtub every day like this
and talk about all kinds of stuff.
The bathroom in our room was small but it was comfortable and I liked it.
Say, Ren, what are we gonna do about that room?
Nobody's living there, so it's a waste. You should move out.
It's okay. That was my starting point.
One day, I'll purchase it, return in my old age,
and quietly live there together with you.
Don't make decisions for me about when I get old.
When I was a kid that building was used for storage.
I would run away from that shitty orphanage and go hide there.
I found a guitar and made it my own, and I would play it there all night.
Regardless whether you were born with talent or not,
anyone could play well after that much practice.
This is the first time you told me that.
I never told anyone. I wanted people to think I was gifted.
You don't hafta wash me. I took a bath just before I came here.
Old habits die hard. But why are you so embarrassed?
I'm not embarrassed!
Like I've said many times,
I'm no longer on the pill, so we're not gonna do it in the bath.
I know, I know.
Do you, really?
Ren...
Hm?
That thing you said earlier. Is it true?
Which one?
Right now, I'm not about to give up my pride
so I can't live with you like we used to.
But it would be nice if we could maybe meet like this from time to time.
Hold each other and talk about each other.
And one day when we're much older,
when I no longer care about pride and recognition,
when I've grown tired of singing...
Then can I return to that home too?
That night I had a dream.
I don't remember what I dreamt,
but in that dream I was wrapped in feelings of warmth and happiness.
I woke up past noon and found Nana there sleeping next to me.
I wonder if it would be okay to ask her.
I'm sure it would be okay.
She did say she'd talk to me about anything if I ask.
Hey, Nana.
How'd it go with Ren?
I can't answer anything you ask...
Huh? What? I don't understand.
What I said was,
I can't answer anything you ask while I'm brushing my teeth!
Really, you're not too good at figuring things out, Hachiko.
Well, I shouldn't expect much. You're a dog, after all.
Come on, Nana.
Thanks for the meal.
There's more miso soup, so just ask.
Yes.
She never did answer my question.
Liar!
And to think I was rooting for you so much
that I forgot to look at Takumi in person.
If I knew what was coming, I would've only looked at Takumi.
Takumi!
Say, Hachiko...
I trust you, so I have a favor to ask.
You trust me?
Sure. What can I do for you?
If you do your job well, I'll give you a treat.
You did take good care of me with this latest event, after all.
What would you like? Beef jerky?
Takumi's autograph!
Consider it done.
I will ask Ren for it.
All right!
Does a simple autograph please you that much?
It's not that! You and Ren are back together, aren't you?!
W-Well, I wouldn't exactly... ah...
So what I'm asking, since we don't have a phone in our place...
Well, I do plan to buy a cell phone soon.
But in the meantime, should he need to,
I was hoping Ren could call you on your cell...
So you want me to take Ren's call and relay his messages to you, right Nana?
That's right.
I'll gladly do it.
Here's Ren's cell phone e-mail address, so could you send him your address?
That's great news, Nana.
It's not!
Why not?
Why does it hafta end up like this? This isn't what I intended.
I went to wrap things up with him.
My intentions were to put an end to it all.
Why did I get carried away?
That's so lame.
She said that while blushing and curling up.
I had never seen her look so cute.
Geez... major adrenaline rush...
I want happiness as soon as possible too.
Or rather, a boyfriend.
Then we'll organize a party.
Not that way. I want a love that's meant to be.
Oh, but now that you mention it, a party might be good, too.
What the hell happened over there?
Don't ask me. I'm on a top secret mission.
Top secret? Finding a boyfriend?
But meeting someone at a party could also be a love meant to be.
You don't hafta do that.
You've got plenty blooming lately right in your own garden.
Garden?
Good point. Take the band members of your roommate's band, for instance.
They seem like great guys for a punk band.
Isn't there anyone from the band that you like?
No! For one thing, Yasu belongs to Nana!
Huh? Yasu?
Those two are an item?
But actually they're not.
Now I'm confused.
Well, you see, Yasu's really kind to Nana
so I misinterpret their relationship.
Right. But Yasu's like that to anyone, right?
Like he's reached a higher spirit like some monk.
He is bald, after all.
That's right.
Yasu's kind to Nobu and Shin, and to me too.
It's true. Yasu's like that with everyone.
He's like an elder brother to me.
In addition, since Nana doesn't have a family,
Yasu must be thinking of Nana as a real younger sister.
He must be feeling the need to treat her better than a sister.
I see. It's all becoming clearer.
Yasu's a great guy.
- Right? - Huh?
Listen when someone's talking to you!
I was saying, it was unexpected that of the members in Nana's band,
you would quickly bring up Yasu's name.
Oh...
I thought you didn't like guys like that; with such a scary look.
Mhm. But Yasu's different.
Once you get used to the skinhead,
you accept it as a charming part of his character.
Also, I basically prefer calm, composed guys who are older than me.
You know that, right, Jun-chan?
And on that note, Yasu's very mature.
In addition, he's a lawyer.
That's not part of it.
Take away his looks and his job, and he's still a great guy inside.
What?! Great guy inside?!
I never imagined the day would come
when I'd hear these words coming out of your mouth.
Then good. You going for it?
Going where?
Wherever you need to. Until you burn to ashes.
Junko, don't lead her on.
We're only talking about who she'd prefer among those guys.
Th-That's right, Jun-chan!
She's blushing, she's blushing.
You seriously like him, by chance?
No way! I've never once thought about Yasu and me getting together!
That's right.
Nothing can happen between Yasu and me.
Oh, Nana. You're here.
THUMP!
G-Good evening.
Huh? Where is everyone? Not here yet?
Nana's here, but she went out to buy cigarettes.
I see.
What am I gonna do?
With Jun-chan bringing that subject up, I can't look at him the same way.
And it's just us two here. What are we gonna talk about?
Yasu. I brought this Trapnest pamphlet. Wanna take a look?
Yeah, thanks.
Did you hear from either Nana or Ren?
Those two are safely back together.
Really? I'm happy about that.
Mhm. I'm really happy about it.
I was a bit down lately, but now I'm feeling really good.
Huh? You were a bit down? But you looked fine.
Was something troubling you?
Ah, no. If you don't wanna talk about it, that's okay.
My boyfriend cheated on me and dumped me.
He doesn't realize what he lost. What an idiot.
But I was the one who said I no longer wanted Shoji.
The reason I used those foolish words - he dumped me -
was because I wanted him to be kind to me like this.
But I no longer want a kind man.
Because it would hurt too much when he betrays me.
Still, Yasu is very trustworthy.
Should I frequently see him like this, I might really fall for him.
Everyone's late.
Would it be bad for me to fall in love with him?
Where did Nana go to get cigarettes?
Should I not?
Why don't I ask?
Say, Yasu, do you have a girlfriend?
Unfortunately, I'm not popular with the women.
What?! But I like you a lot!
Hey, Yasu!
Ren sent me a reply to my email.
He has a break in his tour schedule on the seventh and eighth of next month,
so he'll be returning here then.
He says if those days are fine with us, we'll have a mahjongg tournament then.
Is that so?
What's that?! I wanna join you!
Huh? You know how to play mahjongg, Hachi?
I don't, but!
Good grief.
I wanna meet Ren too!
What? But Hachiko, I thought you were into Takumi.
You cheater!
Don't call me Hachiko.
Shin's so not cute lately.
Where's Nana?
Oh. She's gone to Alaska to buy cigarettes.
Alaska?!
Oh, is that Trapnest's pamphlet? Let me see it.
Sure. Hachi brought it.
Oh, I wanna see it too.
Hachi? Even Yasu's calling me that now.
Taking a close look like this, Reira really is pretty.
Oh? Is she your type, Nobu?
I'm not sure about type, but she's great.
Then next time let me introduce you to a flight attendant who looks just like her.
Huh? A flight attendant? Awesome!
She's also really great at...
- Shin! - Don't want her!
I'm not gonna become your brother!
Brother?
Oh, hi Nana! You're awfully late.
Shin! How old are you?
Stop smoking, you brat. Stop trying to act cool.
What's gotten into you all of a sudden, Nana?
You were letting him until now.
She's scaring me! Save me, Hachi.
Yasu!
Yes, I get it. No smoking, right? I'll comply.
No smoking?! Why?!
To increase my lung capacity.
Where you that impressed by Reira's voice?
That bitch has nothing to do with it! I'll kill you baldie!
Since that evening, Nana even began doing sit-ups.
So I decided to workout with her.
Why are you doing sit-ups too?
I wanna have a slim waist for when I find a boyfriend.
I see. Then, good luck with your efforts.
I wonder if Yasu will notice me if I work hard at it.
Maybe not. I somehow can't picture Yasu falling in love with me.
Nana-chin, make copies of this.
I don't think he sees me as a woman.
I get that same scent as that of Mr. Mizukoshi.
My chances are slim. Maybe I should give up.
I'm no longer at that age where I can be satisfied with one-sided love.
Let's look elsewhere, Nana-chin. Perhaps a party is the way to go.
Oh, somebody, hold me tight.
An e-mail.
REN A MESSAGE FOR NANA
It's come!
An email from Ren!
Trapnest's Ren has sent an email to my cell phone!
I cannot believe something like this is happening to a commoner like me!
It's not addressed to me, but can I read it?
Even if I shouldn't, I wanna read it.
I'll read it!
A message for Nana Apparently we're playing at Nobu's place on the night of the 7th. I'm free during the day, so can I come by your place?
Yes, please come, darling.
That's the reply I gave. Where's my treat?
Don't reply on my behalf! You're not getting a treat.
I want Takumi's autograph! Nana, you liar!
Listen. If Ren's dropping by your place,
why not have the mahjongg tournament there?
My place is too small for a large number of people.
I agree!
That's fine, but we don't have a mahjongg table.
I don't either. Just put a cloth over the table.
The table by the window? But if we play sitting beside each other,
it won't be much of a match with everything visible to others.
We'll move the table, and sit around it.
- Don't smoke! - Oops!
I can't wait!
MAHJONGG TOURNAMENT
MAHJONGG TOURNAMENT The seventh can't come soon enough.
Trapnest's Ren is coming to our place. Should I ask for his autograph?
If possible, we could have a picture taken together?
What should I wear?
Should I buy that dress I wanted?
I should make an appointment with the hairdresser too.
And I'll prepare a bunch of food.
What should I make?
I should start preparing the night before.
I'll get up early to clean up,
and go to the flower shop so I can decorate the place with flowers...
Chief, I'm expecting an important guest tomorrow.
May I take the day off from work?
Of course not!
Thirty minutes before I get off work.
It's about time people start arriving.
Oh, I wanna hurry back home and see Ren.
That's right. I should buy some paper for autograph paper on my way home.
Please fire that girl, Chief!
Nana-chin, make copies of this. Huh?
Miss Komatsu has left for the day.
She left early?
We should fire her!
I guess you're right.
You know, you're really strong.
Could you be a little easier on me?
But I am.
Shin, you're being obnoxious.
I said, don't smoke!
But Ren's smoking. So, it's okay for your own man to smoke.
You're a typical woman after all, Nana.
Don't you know there is a law that says it's illegal for minors to smoke?!
But you had been smoking ever since you were a minor.
So what's this about no smoking now?
Those around you are bothered by it.
I don't think it makes any difference. There are many vocalists who smoke.
What you should do instead is take some singing lessons?
Shut up! I don't need you giving me advice!
Oh, could that be Hachi?
It could be Hachi.
Off you go.
Hey, it's not Hachi. It's Nana.
You're right.
How should I greet him?
Pleased to meet you, I'm Nana.
No. I'm Komatsu.
I've been a big fan since Trapnest's debut!
Say, Nana...
I made her cry. What should I do?
That time, the reason my tears suddenly came flowing out
was because I knew right away
that the dreamlike incident was a treat you had arranged for me, Nana.
I felt more love than being thanked a million times.
And that made me really happy.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
