In the summer when I was 16,
I changed my brand of cigarettes to Seven Stars.
Because Ren smoked them.
I increased the number of piercings to match his.
And I wore matching boots.
We slept in the same bed, and we dreamt the same dream.
Still, Ren left me behind.
Perhaps somewhere deep in my heart,
I had not forgiven him for that.
The same way that I couldn't forgive my mother.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
I'm so weak. This is already my fifth one.
I could only manage to quit for three months.
But, I need something to relax me.
I wonder what happened to Nobu after that.
I came down hard on him, saying some merciless things.
I'll apologize to him when I see him at work.
But... will he come?
I'm so sleepy.
I'm not in the mood to go to work.
But I hafta make a living.
It does help to not hafta pay for studio time,
but how much longer is it gonna take
for things to start moving toward our debut?
I wonder if Hachi's asleep.
Takumi's got recording, so he would've left by now.
Don't ignore me!
Come here and have a seat.
I have something important to discuss with you.
I've gotta get changed and go to work.
Then come out after you get changed.
It won't take much time.
And put out that cigarette, okay? It's bad for the baby.
Calm down.
I've decided to watch over Hachi gently no matter what she decides to do.
You want something to drink?
We've decided to get married.
Married?
So, I've gotta first talk this over with my agent
on how we should proceed with this,
but I wanna hurry and find a new place for her.
This place has no elevator, which is hard on a pregnant woman.
And she has a tendency to be careless,
so it's gotta be a place with security.
So, I'm sorry but... could you find a new roommate?
What's that?
Why are things jumping forward so quickly?
I wasn't even aware that you were pregnant.
And what about Nobu?
Why are you keeping quiet?
I don't get it.
But sure, that's not fair to you having her move out so suddenly,
so I'll pay half the rent until you find a new roommate.
I don't need it!
Really? But we created these circumstances.
Actually the timing's perfect.
I was planning on moving in with Ren anyway.
If that's the case, we'll just stop renting this place.
No wait...
I wanted to talk to you about that too.
You need to think about Ren's situation a bit.
Huh?
About your relationship.
If everything from your past to present comes to light,
it's the kinda thing the tabloids go after.
So what? If Trapnest is gonna fail because of some scandal,
then it's not much of a band to begin with.
No, in fact, I'm more worried about us receiving more attention.
When a band becomes as popular as ours,
the public gradually shows more interest in things other than the band's music.
It can't be helped. And we can take advantage of it, too.
But honestly, I'd hate for us to be judged
because of stuff unrelated to our music.
So I want to avoid the chance of scandal encouraging that.
As someone involved in the music business,
I'm sure you'd understand.
How are you okay with getting married?
Me getting married won't attract much attention from the public.
I'm not nearly as recognized as Ren.
Besides, I don't think
you wanna draw attention in that way before your debut.
Of course not! I couldn't stand it.
Then you need to be more cautious with your actions.
I'm not telling you not to see him.
I get it. I'll be more careful.
I'm glad you get it.
I tried to talk to Ren about this, but he refuses to listen to me,
so it was bothering me.
That's all I have to talk about. I should be heading back.
What's with her?
She's like Takumi's faithful dog.
I won't be able to come during our recording...
but when we're done, we'll go and meet your parents.
So don't worry unnecessarily and get lots of rest.
But I don't feel that ill that I need to stay in bed.
While you're away, I'll go see a real estate agent.
What kinda place should I be looking for?
You're even hastier than I am.
You that eager to play newlyweds?
I was just thinking you're really busy,
so I wanted to help in any way that I can.
You wanna move out fast
because you're finding it hard to face Nana, right?
She seems to be very good friends with Nobu,
so it's gotta be uncomfortable.
And she doesn't hide the fact that she's upset about this.
FROM: REIRA SUBJECT: GOOD MORNING. I'M DONE WITH THE LYRICS. IT'S AN INNOCENT LOVE STORY. FROM LOVELY REIRA
I'll talk to someone at my agency about finding a place,
and have him list up a few options.
You can go view these places when you're feeling better
and decide on a place you like.
You're not looking as pale. Are you feeling less nauseous?
Mhm. Thanks. I feel much better.
Takumi...
Shouldn't you be going to your recording?
I still have plenty of time.
But this may not be good for the baby in my tummy.
It'll be fine. It'll be fine.
Nana will hear us.
Don't worry.
Just keep your voice down, and she'll never notice.
But she's already pretty angry!
I need you to tame my anger first!
I can't stand the thought of other guy doing it with you.
Don't you worry about a thing and just focus on pleasing me.
The bed we got from Mizukoshi's store was old
and the bedsprings would squeak.
It's driving me crazy.
You're a lot more important to me than a boyfriend, Nana.
Liar!
It seems like I'm head over heels in love with Nobu.
Traitor!
Could you find a new roommate?
Tell me that yourself!
If you don't want it, I don't want it either.
I wanna use the same things you do.
Why don't you use the strawberry glass?
Because there are only two of them. What if I break one?
But if you don't use them, what's the point of having them?
Yeah, but still, it's too sad if one of a set breaks.
You can use it, but be sure to be careful, okay?
It's too sad if one of a set breaks.
Nana?
Leave her alone.
Good...
They're together.
I'm not sad anymore.
Huh?
When did she get here?
A ring of oath
Our red string We can't see it now
No promises either
What part of this is an innocent love story?
It seems to me more like a song about infidelity.
Huh?!
Huh? But there's no ring of oath, right?
Yes, but you could interpret this
as the other guy having a ring on his finger.
Huh?!
You know, you've been acting awfully suspicious lately, Reira.
Are you having an affair?
That's not what it means!
But songs about infidelity sell pretty well!
But it's not like that, Mari! This is about pure love!
A love that binds people together! But one where you don't even kiss!
Speaking of ring of oath, Take...
Hm?
I'm getting married.
- Huh?! - It's all right, isn't it?
- You're getting married?! - You're getting married?!
What are you saying all of a sudden, Takumi?
And to say it here?
I trust the staff members here.
I-I-I need an explanation!
Huh?
You getting married is even less likely
than this single selling ten million copies!
My woman's pregnant.
Hachiko?!
You sure know a lot.
It's not like you, Takumi. It's not like you!
It's not Nobu's baby?
Why would you fall for Hachiko's tactics so easily like that?!
Tactics?
Hachiko's objectives are to earn
the status of being the wife of a popular musician and your money!
She may have even lured you into doing it when she was ovulating!
TAKUMI
TAKUMI Takumi, I wanna see you!
COME INSIDE ME. (SHE NEVER SAID THAT.) I WANNA SEE YOU! Takumi, I wanna see you!
COME INSIDE ME. (SHE NEVER SAID THAT.) I WANNA SEE YOU!
No, I doubt it was something she did on purpose.
But her objectives may be as you say.
I DID COME OUTSIDE. But her objectives may be as you say.
I DID COME OUTSIDE. Are you fine with a loveless relationship?!
Are you fine with a loveless relationship?!
Love comes later.
People love themselves more than anyone else.
They end up loving those who can fulfill the most desires they have.
In a way, that's the truth.
HIDEKI KASAI (45) DIRECTOR In a way, that's the truth.
HIDEKI KASAI (45) DIRECTOR Huh?!
Why not? Let them get married, Take.
Why don't we see where a relationship
between a bastard and a fad follower will take them?
This could be fun.
Easy for you to say.
Anyway, we must discuss this with the president.
Until we do, please, everyone, keep this a secret.
What a pain.
Let me do as I wish! It's my marriage!
Well then, let's get started with the recording.
Huh? Where's Reira?
She was here until a moment ago.
I'm sure she'll be right back.
We record the vocals later anyway.
We can do it without temporary vocals.
Mari, could you please go look for her?
Yes.
What? Reira's your real name?
Mhm. Well, almost. It's spelled L-A-Y-L-A.
You know the Eric Clapton song, Layla?
Yeah. It's a famous song.
My father loved that song, so he named me after it.
Even now when I'm alone in my room,
I play that CD and I don't feel alone.
Lovely Layla.
The Japanese title is different...
That'll be 5,500 yen.
I'll be in touch.
Yes?
Hello?
Hello?
Shin,.,
What's the matter?
Where are you now, Reira? What about the recording?
Did something happen?
Reira, are you all right?
Please do me a favor.
I'm sorry.
Just tell me what it is. I'll do anything.
I don't need any more money.
Yasu,.,
Huh?
What?
Please give me Yasu's cell number.
Hello...
Nana?! What the hell are you doing?! You had me worried!
Nobu?
I called you a number of times since this morning,
but you didn't pick up!
I was panicking a bit last night and said some mean things.
But I'm the one this is happening to and went to work today,
so how dare you take the day off!
I'm starting to hate myself for being so damn responsible.
MISSED CALL NOBUO MISSED CALL NOBUO MISSED CALL NOBUO
Ah, sorry.
Never mind.
I'm used to your merciless oppression,
and I covered for you at work.
Where are you now?
At Ren's... place?
I'm guessing Ren's not there because of work, right?
I'm done with work today.
What do you say we grab a bite to eat before going to the studio?
Nobuo,.,
My treat! You've gotta let me spill out my sad story!
I'm thinking, there really is something wrong with me.
I already know that, from long ago!
I can't remember why I'm here.
Am I still only half awake?
The last thing I remember was the strawberry glass about to roll off the table.
Those matching glasses were the first things we bought together...
Was I able to catch that glass...
before it fell?
You know, Hachi...
I was too small of a person
to be able to accept everything about you.
I was like a cheap glass.
It's just that I preferred the pain of breaking into pieces,
to the loneliness I felt from losing everything.
LOVELY LAYLA to the loneliness I felt from losing everything.
LOVELY LAYLA
I was just too fragile.
It's not your fault.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
