On the wall discolored by the sun, the poster mark remained.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
What?
You're an only child, Nobu?
Yeah. My parents must be crying about now.
Or rather, they must be really pissed off.
I see. I guess you were supposed to take over your family inn, huh?
How big is it?
A SPOILED CHILD
You only remember things like that, huh?
What's going on in this head?
But when BLAST debuts officially,
I'll bet they'll be so thrilled they'll forgive you right away.
So you've gotta do your best.
Yeah.
I'll do my best for your sake too, Hachi.
I told you, don't call me Hachi.
But if I call you Nana,
I can't help but picture the face of that cat-eyed Queen.
Cat-eyed?
I've been calling her that since the tenth grade,
so it's become second nature now.
So BLAST has been around since you were in the tenth grade?
No, we started the band during the summer
when I was in eleventh grade,
but Nana and I were classmates in high school.
Really?
Hey, how was Nana in high school?
She never laughed, she didn't talk much,
and she had this evil look in her eyes.
She was totally isolated.
No way.
I was so sure she was really popular in school!
What a shock.
No, she was so gloomy.
She's really pretty,
so even though she was quiet, she did stand out in school.
But you could never tell what she was thinking,
so everyone would be too scared to get close to her.
But when you think about it in a normal sense,
it must've been lonely for her, having no friends.
So I tried blitzing her with my machine gun talking,
but then she just ignored me, which left me feeling lonely.
So then, the music-crazed youngster Nobuo figured,
if I can't communicate with her through words, I'll do it through music.
So I made her borrow my CDs. Ten of them, I think.
I tried to give her different genres of music,
thinking there was bound to be one she'd like.
Then she finally talked to me.
Terashima.
Thanks for these.
If you get some more good ones, can I borrow them?
She smiled.
Miss Osaki spoke?
- So she can speak normally, after all. - Oh wait, Osaki.
What's your favorite genre? Which one of those did you like?
What was it?
The noisiest one with the kinda erotic name.
The Sex Pistols?!
Yeah, that one.
My favorite's punk, too! We have the same taste!
How annoying.
I was so happy.
It was like being liked by a girl you have a crush on.
To me, that just sounds like you were in love with her.
Maybe a little.
You fool! I hate you!
But that happened in the past!
Besides, once we became friends,
I realized that I wasn't seeing her as a woman.
Otherwise, I would never have introduced her to Ren, right?
So you were the one who brought the two together?
Yeah.
Nana had this dangerous, warped way of thinking that no one could deal with.
I thought maybe Ren would be an exception
and could do something about it.
For the young Nobuo, Ren was an invincible hero.
It was a big success, huh?
But not quite what I expected.
What do you mean?
I realized little by little
that Ren wasn't the strong person I thought he was.
Perhaps Ren was saved just as much as Nana was in this encounter.
You know, when I was younger,
for no good reason, I thought that guys had to protect their girls.
So I always acted tough in front of my girlfriend.
But that may have been a big mistake.
Huh? Why was that a mistake?
So you want to be supported by these frail arms.
FRAIL So you want to be supported by these frail arms.
FRAIL
FRAIL Yes. Totally.
Yes. Totally.
It's impossible.
Ever since I fell in love with you, Hachiko,
I realized just how much of a weak shameless man I really am.
What do you mean?
Weren't you gonna do anything to make me happy?
Sure I will. As long as you're always by my side supporting me.
With you by my side, I feel that I can do anything.
Sure.
Nobuo loves to be pampered.
That's a problem.
I'm the one who wants to be pampered.
But what is this feeling? It kinda feels really sweet.
I wanna be kind to him. I wanna be by his side.
I wanna be of help to him. I wanna hug him.
I wanna be able to do everything he desires.
Until now, I've only thought of being treated that way by men.
That may have been a big mistake.
Good morning.
Nana, you're back here again. What about Ren?
He's busy with work right now, so he's hardly ever home.
You left Misato all alone.
Who were you with if it wasn't Takumi?
Wh-Where's Misato?
She's still sleeping.
I'd better explain everything to her.
But how am I gonna explain so that she'd understand?
It happened immediately after I broke it off with Takumi.
It actually overlapped a little.
I'll think about it thoroughly today.
I'm working today, so I'd better get changed and hurry off.
Oh, by the way...
Were you able to find Nobu's workplace easily yesterday?
Yeah, thanks. I had to see him about something urgent.
You two really get along, don't you?
That guy's always been a genuine, honest sorta guy,
so you two share the same values.
Well, from the rest of the world,
you're like two little dogs barking for attention,
which is kind of annoying.
I'm sure Nana will understand me.
She had to be lonely having no friends.
Because Nana knows for sure
a lot more great things about Nobu than I do.
Nana...
Huh?
You know, I... Nobu...
It seems like I'm head over heels in love with Nobu.
Isn't it natural?
Nana didn't ask me any questions.
And if I said anything more,
it would've sounded like an excuse so I didn't.
There's no need for me to explain anything.
I just need to treasure Nobu. That's all.
And Nana will always be watching over us.
Hey, look, Kyosuke did this.
This is incredibly well done. That's Mr. Kyosuke for you.
There's no need to add the Mr.
He's the same age as you, after all.
But he just seems older than me.
Mr. Kyosuke's somewhat like a father to you.
Let's leave it at older brother.
Look, that one over in that section. That's Jun-chan's painting.
It's incredible! In many ways.
It's impossible to comprehend, Jun-chan.
What is it? Can you explain it to me?
I'm the one who needs an explanation.
Huh? Nana and Nobu?
Yeah. All lovey-dovey. So much it's sickening.
What's that supposed to mean?
But I thought she preferred Yasu.
Maybe he didn't pay any attention to her.
But she could've told us sooner.
Why'd she hide it?
I think the guy she was hiding from us was another guy.
I'll bet he broke her heart.
In any case, she was really hurt
about what happened with her ex-boyfriend.
Maybe Nobu was kind to her then and she went along with it.
Yeah. But it was like she had completely forgotten
about her ex-boyfriend a little while back.
That's true. I guess it just shows
that Nana's ex-boyfriend wasn't all that important to her, after all.
So you're saying that
there are a lotta guys out there who are much better than her ex.
Oh, Mr. Ex-boyfriend, here's your Jackson Burger.
Cut it out with all the ex-boyfriend!
Oh my, I didn't notice you there, Shoji. I'm sorry.
You're the one that invited me to come!
But we always find you here whether we call you or not.
Even though you live farther away since you moved.
Huh? When did that happen?
Didn't you tell me that
it wasn't gonna happen because you didn't have any money?
Shoji left his apartment and moved to Sachiko's place.
He made us help him move although we were really busy.
So inconsiderate.
Hey, I never asked you to,
but you barged in because you were curious.
Sachiko lives one train stop away from you, right?
Yeah.
I'll continue coming here from now on too,
so don't worry Koichi Sato.
- You don't hafta come. - What?!
Nana no longer comes here because you continue to hang out here.
I'm sorry.
Tell Nana, now that she has a boyfriend that she's all lovey-dovey with,
she can come here again without thinking about her ex.
I do wanna see her new boyfriend.
Nobu hasn't been here before?
I believe he lives close by.
With his band and work,
I doubt he has the time to sit back and enjoy a drink.
That guru hasn't been here either, has she?
Guru?
Nana's roommate.
Oh...
Is her boyfriend good looking?
Average, I'd say. But give him a guitar and he changes.
He becomes this super cool dude. He's a mysterious guy.
I guess so.
He's normally this helpless guy, much like her ex-boyfriend.
Now that you mention it,
don't you think that Nobu and the ex-boyfriend are kinda similar?
Oh yeah, like the way they're idiots when they speak.
You think so? I think her new boyfriend is conceited.
Have you met him?
No, I haven't.
This is according to what Nana told me about him.
Apparently, he's the heir to a Japanese inn,
but he threw that all away to pursue his dream and came to Tokyo.
That alone would be enough to have Nana fall for him.
He said something like this to the guru in a serious tone.
I'm happy as long as I can play the guitar.
With you singing to it.
Not something you can just blurt out in straight face.
That's why you wouldn't do.
That's so cold.
You're no good
because you can't bring the heat up to where it isn't cold.
You're the type who would bring down the temperature
to hide your shyness.
However, I understand now.
I fully understand why Nana fell for Nobu.
That man surely knows how to please her.
He'll normally be this good friend who she can talk to about anything,
but when the time's right,
he'll say what a woman wants to hear.
He's the ideal type as far as Nana's concerned.
I guess there's more to it than just Nana going along with the flow.
This may turn out well.
What do you think Shoji?
What do I think? I'm glad.
I wish for Nana's happiness with all my heart.
Are you lonely?
Koichi Sato! One more Jackson Burger.
I'm taking one to Sachiko.
A present for you.
You were at Jackson's again?
Thanks.
I'm sorry that it's not a Louis Vuitton bag.
I'm hopeless, aren't I?
Actually, I prefer the Jackson Burger.
I wonder if we were too mean.
I don't think so. We needed to put him in his place.
We sure did that, didn't we?
In his position, Shoji's not about to blurt out
that he's lonely under any circumstance,
but he's gotta be feeling lonely.
Men can be so selfish.
Although it would be annoying
if he didn't feel lonely at all.
Shoji did love Nana, after all.
He just loved Sachiko more.
But you know,
don't you feel that's because Sachiko loved Shoji more than Nana?
You think so?
But didn't Nana love Shoji enough that she couldn't live without him?
No.
Of course, there's no way of comparing the weight of love
Nana and Sachiko had for Shoji.
Just, Shoji probably felt more love from Sachiko.
Maybe it's a matter of how they expressed their feelings.
Nana's is very one-sided,
so it's difficult to grasp exactly what she feels.
Yeah. Come to think of it, while Shoji went out with Nana,
he would often come to our place to get drunk and complain about her.
Nana doesn't love me for who I am. She only loves the me that loves her.
You're right! I thought, and I sympathized with him.
Well, although that likely wasn't Nana's intention,
that's how it looked like to others.
So when she found out that he was cheating on her
and she was quick to discard him, saying she no longer wanted him,
that must've been a big blow to Shoji.
It was the type of shock where he's thinking,
so that was the truth all along.
But Nana's actions were more because she doesn't take pain well,
and so when she gets hurt, the first thing she does is try to escape.
I think you're right.
She'll quickly run away, and quickly put a lid on it.
She tries not to face her partner.
There's always that thing about her that makes her seem like
she's having a conversation with herself, even when she's talking to someone else.
But lately she no longer comes crying to you like she used to.
Maybe she is able to face her partner now.
Let's hope that's the case.
So if and when Nobu cheats on her,
I sure hope she shows enough passion to go crying to him and not let him go.
Then if I cheat on you,
will you come crying to me and not let me go?
No, I'll beat you to death.
I'm relieved, Junko.
THERE'S STILL HOPE FOR US I'm relieved, Junko.
THERE'S STILL HOPE FOR US
THERE'S STILL HOPE FOR US Why?
THERE'S STILL HOPE FOR US
It's all about how you express your feelings, right?
NANA
This is the call center.
Please call again without withholding your phone number.
So she suddenly doesn't accept calls from unidentified numbers! Why?!
I hate Takumi.
Ren, the next page.
Nobuo and Hachiko are together!
Huh? Then she's going out with two guys?
Way to go, Hachiko.
What are you saying?
There's no way Hachiko could manage two guys at once.
She broke up with Takumi, right?
Really? Well, she has good reason to dump that guy.
All he thinks about is sex.
The same with you!
Just call her without hiding your number.
She'll just know even more not to pick up if she knows it's me.
Oh, right.
Hachiko? I thought you two broke up.
Not really. She's just pissed off at me.
By the way, where the hell is the crew?
They're late! What do they take us for?!
Takumi. We still have 10 minutes.
I'M STAYING OUT OF THIS Takumi. We still have 10 minutes.
I'M STAYING OUT OF THIS
Stop reading erotic comics.
THINKING ABOUT SEX? Stop reading erotic comics.
THINKING ABOUT SEX?
THINKING ABOUT SEX? I just happened to be reading that scene!
I just happened to be reading that scene!
Is Hachiko not enough to satisfy you?
No, I am more than satisfied.
Is she that good?!
IN WHAT WAY?! Is she that good?!
IN WHAT WAY?!
IN WHAT WAY?! When I talk to you, I don't feel like I'm talking to a woman.
When I talk to you, I don't feel like I'm talking to a woman.
But I'm glad, Nobuo.
You succeeded in making Hachiko yours.
I am very grateful to you.
Huh?
I know that you were rooting for me.
I got this really warm feeling of friendship from you.
So annoying. It wasn't for your sake.
Of course! It was for Hachi then!
You thought that, of all people, I could make Hachiko happy, right?
I sure will make her happy!
It's not like that.
I hate to say this, but I just used you.
As a way to get revenge against Takumi?
- It's not that. - Then what?
So that Hachiko can run freely without a leash in my yard.
So, keep an eye on her
so that she doesn't ever escape to some other place.
Nobu!
Nana!
I guess a person's true nature will never change.
She's still the same girl with the same warped way of thinking.
I'd thought she became softer because of Ren.
But Nana's desire to possess is abnormally strong.
Even with regards to Ren.
I mean, with that padlock and all.
Huh? But that's because she's a fan of Sid Vicious.
It's just a copy of that. It's nothing more.
I think there is.
And she's even got a tattoo
that's a symbol of Ren's name on her body.
No matter how much she loves him,
don't you find that scary for her to go that far?
And then for Ren to gladly accept that
and continue wearing that for two years after they broke up?
I find him quite eccentric, as well.
But Hachi talks of them as the ideal couple.
Perhaps I'm the one who has a warped way of thinking.
So you're saying Nana's met her soul mate?
Oh, I love such stories.
Keiko? Oh boy. She can be a real sadist.
Huh?! Real sadist?!
I won't be coming back tonight. Why not have Hachi come over again?
I am really happy that you and Hachi are together.
But weren't you supporting us
because you wanted to keep her in your yard as your pet?
You talked of me getting her back as if she were a dog.
But you're wrong. I just wanted you to show me the answer.
The answer?
Men and women are simply opposing creatures
driven toward each other by lust.
BY NOBU driven toward each other by lust.
BY NOBU
BY NOBU Can they be connected by love?
But you two connected, didn't you?
Well, you're already having sex,
but that's natural between two people that love each other.
So love does tie you together, right?
Try it yourself if you wanna find out.
It's impossible for me.
We will first have them sign a temporary contract,
and once details of their first CD release have been determined,
we'll switch to an official contract.
I will do my best to make sure we switch to the official contract right away,
but it doesn't always go as I wish...
Never mind the details.
Anyway, I just need to put my signature and seal
on this temporary contract, right?
Yes, well...
I entrust him to you.
Still, I'm a little worried about the world of show business.
I have children too,
so I understand your worries about your precious son...
No, that's not it.
With show business,
the media tries to dig up everything about a person's private life, right?
I don't want anything happening
that'll end up affecting my elder son and me.
Well, we thought it best to keep his real name and profile a secret,
and try to say he's eighteen.
That would be...
You can do anything you wish
as long as you keep his true identity a secret.
I don't want the world to know about the embarrassment of my family.
Also, could you mail me the official contract?
I can't be wasting time on something like this.
OKAZAKI
Now, if you'll excuse me...
Mr. Okazaki.
He may not be your flesh and blood,
but you did raise that child for fifteen years.
Don't you have any feelings of love for that child?
Unfortunately, I have never felt love for Shinichi.
Not even once.
Although I tried my best.
Miss Hachiko, we're almost out of paint.
Sure.
Sorry for having you help with this, Misato.
No, this is a lotta fun.
Painting the walls white makes the whole room brighter. This is great.
All I wanna do is seal off my memories.
Why do I feel like some criminal destroying evidence?
Am I still making another one of my mistakes?
Hey, Nana...
Mistakes we made and the scars we have aren't something that will disappear
by simply covering them up.
So I'm still calling your name, Nana.
No matter how much it hurts... until you answer me.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
