Something seems off. It just somehow felt that way.
And this one's... a left fly ball. One out, with the score still seven to zero.
And this one's... a left fly ball. One out, with the score still seven to zero. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
And this one's... a left fly ball. One out, with the score still seven to zero.
And this one's... a left fly ball. One out, with the score still seven to zero. But I ended up watching it anyways.
But I ended up watching it anyways.
The gap between the scores is big, but I ended up watching it anyways.
The gap between the scores is big,
The gap between the scores is big, Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
But Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here. Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
But Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here. Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
The passionate voices cheering from the third base bleachers have not died down.
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru?
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru? Kyon, the phone's ringing.
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru?
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru? I know, you don't have to tell me.
I know, you don't have to tell me.
That's true. I know, you don't have to tell me.
I know, you don't have to tell me.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. I know, you don't have to tell me.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. Kyon, you're not doing anything today, right?
Right.
Right. We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior. We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior. Be sure to show up.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior.
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba.
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba. I didn't even say anything...
I didn't even say anything...
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run. I didn't even say anything...
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run.
And there's Suzuki with a big windup...
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... What?
And there's Suzuki with a big windup...
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
And be sure-
That was a good pitch. And be sure-
That was a good pitch.
That was a good pitch. To bring my bike, right?
To bring my bike, right?
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. To bring my bike, right?
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. That's right. You've got it.
That's right. You've got it.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. That's right. You've got it.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. If you're late, you're paying again.
If you're late, you're paying again.
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... If you're late, you're paying again.
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch...
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... Why did I know about the bike thing just now?
Why did I know about the bike thing just now?
It's a hit! And it's a big one!
It's headed for left field...
It's headed for left field... I think that one's going to make it.
And it's good!
And it's good! See?
It's a single-run home run! And with this, Jyonan's gotten their eighth run!
It's a single-run home run! And with this, Jyonan's gotten their eighth run! I wonder where I put my swimsuit.
This gives them yet another point. Summer's almost over.
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo that's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BOY kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
kudaranai yarikara kette subete wa atashi ga kimeru Kick away the boring ways of doing things, I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush and just keep going forward, no matter what
fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) the idea of impossible, take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want to
marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
Endless Eight
Endless Eight You're late, Kyon!
Endless Eight
Endless Eight Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry I'm late.
I just got here, too.
Jeez. Show some more motivation.
- Okay, we're all here, so let's go. - Where are we going?
To the public swimming pool, of course!
Well, I guess that makes sense considering what I brought.
We have to do summer vacation-y things during our summer vacation! Well, I guess that makes sense considering what I brought.
We can never get back the time that we've lost!
And so we're going to do them now, in our one and only summer as tenth graders.
- Hey, Kyon! Are you listening? - Y-Yeah.
By the way, we're going to the pool by bike.
Okay. Where did you park your bikes?
No, the only two bikes we have are yours and mine.
In other words. You're saying. This is what you meant!?
Kyon, you'd better not lose to Koizumi.
This train is leaving the station!
You demon! You fiend!
Come on, Kyon! We're about to go have fun. This is no time to be exhausted.
Whose fault do you think this is?
Yeah, look at all the people.
Oh, the scent of chlorine. This really makes it feel like a pool!
Come on, let's find a place to put our stuff and get swimming!
Hey, wait-
No diving It's dangerous! Hey, wait-
No diving It's dangerous!
Can't she read the no diving signs posted everywhere?
The water's warm so it feels fine!
Mikuru! Yuki! Get in here!
Please go on ahead. We'll never hear the end of it if we leave her be.
Okay, then...
Please wait up, Miss Suzumiya!
Oh, you're so slow!
Oh, wait, please don't pull-
This just feels kind of peaceful, you know?
I mean Miss Suzumiya.
She has some rather normal ways of enjoying her time, don't you think?
Calling out of the blue to invite someone out to do something and only giving
a general idea of what's going to happen isn't what I'd call normal.
In my opinion, that's really nothing.
Miss Suzumiya, laughing and having a good time like that,
isn't likely to shake up the world, after all.
I hope that's the case...
What's wrong?
It's nothing...
It's probably just my imagination.
Because so much has happened since the beginning of spring,
I've become a little paranoid.
That's weird. Him, too?
Hey now, stop and let me catch you already!
Yeesh. Hey now, stop and let me catch you already!
I think it would be better to call this place a communal pool than a public pool.
That's where she's been?
What's she doing over there by herself?
What the...
What is this feeling?
It feels like I've seen this scene... Seen Nagato like this once before...
Kyon!
Haruhi...
Right, and then Haruhi says this...
These two are my brigade members. They'll do anything you ask, so ask-
For anything you want!
We're going to play water soccer. Everyone has to join in. Yuki!
Have I gained precognitive powers or something?
Here's the ball, Kyon.
Doesn't seem that way.
I guess it happens every now and then. Deja vu isn't all that uncommon.
I thought about what we'll be doing from here on.
What is that?
It's a schedule of how we'll spend the rest of our short summer vacation.
- There're just two weeks of vacation left. - All this, in under two weeks?
Is there anything else you want to do, Mikuru?
Umm... I'd like to try goldfish scooping...
Okay! Goldfish scooping...
Pardon me for a moment.
Thank you.
Okay then, we're starting tomorrow!
Is there a place nearby with a Bon festival? A fireworks show works, too.
I'll check around. I'll contact you when I find out.
Don't forget about the goldfish scooping!
It's Mikuru's one request, after all.
I'm paying again?
I told you that you were going to pay if you were late, didn't I?
All right, then, we're done for today! Bye!
- If you'll excuse me. - I have to go, too...
Okay.
Nagato.
Umm... no, it's nothing important, but...
How have you been? Everything fine?
Fine.
I see. That's good to hear.
Right.
Well, that was it. Sorry for stopping you.
What the heck?
Why did I talk to her?
The next morning, I got another call from Haruhi.
They found a place that was holding a Bon festival.
It seems to be happening tonight at a public park.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
About time!
You all look wonderful.
Of course! I chose these yukata, after all.
Especially Mikuru! Just what you would expect from my choice!
- Miss Asahina, you look great... just great! - Oh, you're making me blush...
Hmm, I wonder where the things we care about are.
What the? It feels like I've been here recently.
That tower, those vendors, I kind of remember them...
Oh, Mikuru!
Look, they have goldfish scooping, just like you wanted!
Let's catch a bunch!
M-Miss Suzumiya, please wait!
Shall we play, too?
Nah, I'll pass.
What about you, Nagato? Want to eat something?
You're interested in that stuff?
- Which one? - It's all right.
- This one. - Right-o, that'll be 800 yen.
I kind of got the feeling that Nagato had been helping us out,
Thirteen!
But I don't need so many, so I just kept one for each of us.
You can have one, but only one.
Thanks.
Huh? What's with the mask, Yuki?
I bought it.
I see.
Now then, next up is fireworks!
Let's launch some fireworks to end the day!
It was summer, and summer vacation.
That's why I wanted to forget about it,
but there was one thing lingering in my mind.
Tomorrow we'll be catching bugs.
Haruhi.
It's fine to want to play around, but are you finished with your summer homework?
Homework?
You can finish homework like that in just three days.
Wha-
You get that stuff out of the way so you can have fun without having to worry about it.
That's how you enjoy your summer vacation.
Why is heaven so unfair?
Everyone, tomorrow we'll be catching bugs!
And we're only going to catch cicadas!
This will be the SOS Brigade's Cicada Capturing Competition!
The next day was yet again a beautiful day.
Yay! Wait up! The next day was yet again a beautiful day.
Yay! Wait up!
Yay! Wait up! It was on this day that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
It was on this day that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
I said, wait! I'm gonna get you! It was on this day that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
I said, wait! I'm gonna get you!
I said, wait! I'm gonna get you! It looks like each of us did try, in their own way,
It looks like each of us did try, in their own way,
but of course, or something to that effect, the winner ended up being Haruhi.
A catch and release attitude is important, right?
If we let them go, then they might come back to repay us.
What are you expecting from a short-lived insect like a cicada?
For some reason, I kind of feel like Pandora opening her box.
The next day, we met up, and even though we had no idea what was going on,
we ended up wearing frog costumes and passing out balloons
in front of a supermarket as our part-time job.
Now I know how the Gundam Virtue feels after it's released its armor.
Good work, everyone.
What's with this difference in how we're being treated?
Thanks for the hard work. The manager is thankful.
I don't care about his thanks. Where's our pay?
This is it.
I've wanted this for a while.
The owner said that he'd give it to us for Mikuru's sake.
We worked, sweat pouring down our foreheads, for that?
Let's hang this up in the clubroom as a memento.
Mikuru, you can wear it whenever you want. You have my permission!
Umm... well... thank you very much.
That night, a single phone call stole me away from my slumber.
Shut up...
Shut up... Dammit...
Yes?
Kyon...
Miss Asahina?
Yes, it's me...
Something... very not good has...
At this rate, I...
- Umm... - Hello, this is Koizumi.
Why are you with Miss Asahina?
Certain circumstances came up.
Would it be possible for you to come join us right now?
I'll be right there! I'll be right there!
Miss Asahina!
What in the world happened?
K-Kyon...
The... the... the future? I... can't go back to the future...
In other words, this is what's going on.
We are going through an eternal loop of the same time period.
Even if you can say something as impossible as that with a smile on your face...
Koizumi, do you realize what you're saying?
I do. Much more than I wish I did.
I had just been speaking with Miss Asahina.
Call me too, when you have talks with her.
And as a result, what we realized was that recently,
the flow of time was a bit strange.
You might want to credit this to Miss Asahina.
Thanks to her, I was able to confirm it.
Confirm what?
That we have experienced the same span of time numerous times.
You said that earlier.
To be precise, we've been repeating the time from August 17th to the 31 st.
We're in the middle of an endless summer vacation.
Well, it is summer vacation, but...
It's a never-ending endless summer.
This world has lost all time after September 1 st.
That is why Miss Asahina cannot go back to the future.
I suppose you could say that it's natural.
What's natural about there being no future?
Who'd believe it?
We'd like for you to believe it, at the very least.
Are we trapped inside one of those closed spaces?
No, that's not it.
A single portion of time has been torn away.
At exactly the point when it becomes midnight on August 31 st,
everything resets, and we go back to August 17th. That's the process.
So you mean that time does that thing that you mentioned.
Well, we do have someone from the future here, I guess it can't be helped.
Oh no, Miss Asahina isn't involved in this.
Okay then, what's the culprit?
I would guess Miss Suzumiya.
I'm sure she doesn't realize it, but somewhere inside of her...
is a desire to not let summer vacation end.
What the heck? Do you mean she feels regret over something?
That's what I believe.
Perhaps she feels that there's something left...
that she wants to do during our summer vacation?
So, what are you saying I should do?
If we knew that, we would have this problem solved.
You seem awfully cheerful about this.
It's because we've finally been able to solve...
the mystery of the frequent feelings of deja vu that I've had lately.
Is it possible that other people across the world feel this, too?
It doesn't seem that way. You and I are a special case.
It appears that the people who are closest to Miss Suzumiya...
are able to sense this strangeness.
What about Haruhi? Does she sense any of this at all?
Not at all, it seems. It would probably be bad for us if she did.
However, I believe that there is one person who remembers everything,
more than the deja vu that we do.
That's an awfully unhappy thought. And who would that be?
I think you know, even without my saying.
I believe that the Thought Entity, which transcends time and space, would.
- Is that right, Nagato? - It is.
- You remember all of it? - Right.
So, how many times have we repeated all of this, this time?
This is the 15,513th time.
15,513?
What do you mean by 15,513? Nagato, what are you saying?
Are you serious?
I am.
You're saying that we've done the exact same things that many times?
They're not all guaranteed to happen.
Which means?
Out of 15,513 repetitions, there are two occasions,
2,391 and 11,054, where we did not go to a Bon festival.
A pattern where we did go to a Bon festival,
but did not go to a goldfish scooping stand, occurred 437 times.
We've had a part-time job 9,031 times, and in those instances,
we have done six different kinds of jobs.
In addition to handing out balloons, we also worked as movers, cashiers,
handed out flyers, worked as call center-
I got it, that's enough. Handed out flyers, worked as call center-
15,513 times. That's what Nagato said.
Times two weeks, hmm, that's around 594 years.
She alone has memories of all that time,
repeating it all over and over...
Nagato, how must it feel to experience that same period of time over and over again?
I wonder if they exist.
Martians.
I kind of don't want them to.
They're probably a reserved people, living underground.
They're probably friendly.
There's no guarantee of that.
I'm bored of this. UFOs. Let's look for UFOs.
Exactly what does she want to do?
Now what could that be?
If we could figure that out, this would all be solved...
Oh, how about trying this out?
Give Miss Suzumiya a sudden embrace from behind,
then whisper I love you into her ear.
And who would be doing that?
Is there anyone else who could fill the role other than you?
I'm exercising my right to veto. In other words, I'm not going to.
I guess it can't be helped. All right, how about if I do it?
I'm kidding. I'm lacking a certain something for the role.
And all that would do is cause unnecessary confusion in Miss Suzumiya.
Hey, Nagato,
you were aware of this loop before Miss Asahina said anything, right?
Yes.
If that's the case, why didn't you say anything?
It's my job to observe.
I see...
All right!
Look, I got a home run! Yay! I did it!
We were always doing something.
We went to a real fireworks show,
and we even took part in a goby fishing tournament.
We also did a test of courage, went to the beach,
went bowling, sang karaoke, and watched some movies.
Of course, I knew that this wasn't going to satisfy Haruhi.
Even still, there wasn't anything I could do about it,
And so we ended up at August 30th...
With this, we've finished everything on our list.
I wonder if this was good enough.
But, hmm, well... I guess this works.
Hey, is there anything else you want to do?
That's fine, then.
We were able to do a lot this summer, so that's enough, right?
No, it's not. You're still not satisfied.
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
Wait...
Wait, Haruhi.
No, I can't let you go!
If she goes, we'll end up repeating these past two weeks
for the some-thousandth time again.
But what should I do? What should I say?
There must have been a hint somewhere in what Haruhi said.
But what was it?
What has she said up to this point?
It's no use. I don't know...
Wait... wait...
Haruhi!
Thank you very much!
August 31 st. I haven't touched my homework.
Whatever, it doesn't matter anymore.
If we're just going to do it all over again, then there's no point to doing it.
Whether tomorrow comes or not, I'll leave it to the me at that time to deal with it.
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
nazenara That's because
basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
