If I saw everyone again right now...
I know that I'd depend on them just as much as I did back then.
I'm scared of that.
That's why I can't move from this spot.
Hey, Nana. The midsummer flowers will bloom
along Tamagawa again this year.
We'll all be waiting for you in room 707.
I even made matching yukatas for us.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Satsuki!
If you keep dawdling like that, I'm going ahead!
Mommy!
A butterfly! There was a butterfly!
Huh?
It was big and black and really pretty!
It's a famous butterfly! I saw it in my book!
That must've been a black swallowtail.
Black swallowtail? It's not a butterfly?
It is a butterfly. That kind is called a swallowtail.
A swallowtail?!
How's it different from a normal butterfly?!
Oh boy. Lately, talking to Satsuki reminds me
of talking to Shin in the old days.
Why?
I guess it's because he was like a six-year-old.
What about me?
Shin, you look fabulous!
That looks good on you!
Really? How do I tie this thing?
I'll tie it for you.
Then make a butterfly bow like yours.
Not allowed. And this is not a butterfly bow.
It's called a Hanabunko. It's how young girls tie their obi.
Really? Then you can't wear it either, Hachi!
CHEEKY
CHEEKY Shut up.
Today's the day of the annual Tamagawa fireworks festival.
No matter how busy we are,
on this one day, we meet up in this room.
Carrying the same pain inside.
Ahh, that's enough for me.
If I start drinking this early in the day,
I won't make it to the fireworks.
But Yasu, you haven't changed one bit.
You're like a living fossil.
It's not like I'd change in just a few months.
No, you haven't changed at all since high school.
So I bet you'd be the same if you lived a thousand years.
You haven't changed much either, Nobu. Including your height.
Shut up!
Nobu.
Why don't you go take a quick shower and change into your yukata?
Oh, thanks! In fact, would you mind filling the tub for me?
All right. Very well, young master.
Hey, what about Ren today? Isn't he coming?
He'll be here in time for the fireworks.
He sure doesn't hurry for anyone, as always.
Here you go, Satsuki! I bought you a present!
Yumeko-chan!
- What about for me? - I have nothing!
Mommy, look! Yumeko-chan!
And she's wearing a yukata!
RETRO DRESS-UP DOLL And she's wearing a yukata!
RETRO DRESS-UP DOLL
So cute! Thank you, Nobu! I love this Retro Doll series!
I didn't buy it for you!
Isn't that great, Satsuki? Say thanks to the old man.
Old man?!
YUMEKO SERIES 7
YUMEKO SERIES 7 Thank you very much!
YUMEKO SERIES 7
The flow of time cleanses the past and heals the wounds in people's hearts.
But there are wounds that cannot be healed.
This room is just like it was then, as if time had stopped.
Nana. Listen. It's about Nobu.
What about Nobuo?
Nana?
What are you doing?
Citron bath salts.
They have a great scent, don't you think?
You don't need to worry so much. I'm fine now.
It's hot...
I put out a towel for you, young master.
Nana...
There are so many things I wanna talk to you about now.
But in this apartment, all I can see are memories.
- What's this?! It's awesome! - Super view!
If we can see them from the room,
I guess there was no need for the disguises.
Yeah.
Hey! Where's Hachiko?! Why isn't she here?!
Maybe Takumi found out and told her not to come.
Nah. That guy's not one to fuss over something like going to see fireworks.
She'll be here eventually. No news is proof that she's safe.
No, it's proof that something's wrong!
I have to get going. Everyone's waiting.
If I break this promise, I will be a traitor for sure this time.
But I can't stop crying.
Bye.
I thought I'd feel better once we talked things over.
But now I realize that
I felt the most comfortable when I was with Shoji.
We were good friends before we went out.
I thought that once the break-up drama died down
things could go back to the way they used to be.
But now I've really lost him forever.
I should've treasured him more back then.
SHIN
What should I do?
If I see Nobu now,
there's no way I could talk to him and act normal.
I'll get sad and start crying all over again.
Those with a record must refrain, you know.
What should I do?
But I don't ever wanna betray them again without saying anything.
If I can't go, then I've gotta tell them that.
Hello, Hachiko?
Nana?
Where are you?
Near Jackson's.
I see. Well, hurry up! The fireworks have already started.
I'm sorry. I don't think... I can go...
Why not?!
Hey, why are you crying? Is something wrong?
I'm so,.,
It's all right. Nobuo isn't here.
You know, that guy's got no guts.
He backed out at the last minute. What a chicken.
THAT'S TRUE He backed out at the last minute. What a chicken.
He backed out at the last minute. What a chicken.
So you've got nothing to worry about. Hurry on over.
Shin and Yasu are really looking forward to seeing you!
Don't be so cold by telling us you can't come now.
I wanna see you, Hachiko. So hurry.
Okay.
Where are you going, Nobuo?
I'm going home.
If she says she doesn't wanna see me, then I can't stay.
She didn't say that!
She says she's scared to see you. Hachi's still in love with you!
Stop twisting things around to how you want them to be!
No, I just know what it's like to be so scared
of being swept away again!!
She's marrying Takumi in two weeks.
It's right around the corner.
But if you two fell back in love now,
Hachi would be stuck in an impossible situation!
Of course she's scared!
All the more reason why I shouldn't see her.
Can't you just get stuck with her?!
Forget it.
After all, you probably just wanted to comfort Hachi
who had been dumped by her old boyfriend
and was being used by Takumi.
- You never really loved her. - I do love her!
What do you know?!
But now you love that girl next door, right?
I hear that girl has the same condition as me.
She can't even go to work without her medication.
So what? She's trying her best in spite of that!
Since long ago, you've always loved helping girls
who are stuck in some sort of situation you had absolutely nothing to do with.
That way, you can always play the part of the hero, right?
Nana, cut it out.
But then, the moment you feel you're being pulled in,
you let go of her hand.
Nobu, she's just provoking you. Don't mind her.
What an easygoing form of love.
Nana can be really cruel.
She's purposely trying to push them into an impossible situation.
Of course, Nobu would react
and get serious from the way he was confronted.
Hachi's gonna end up suffering even more.
Nobu is a pacifist. He's always tried his hardest to choose
the path that would make everyone happy.
I don't think trying to avoid conflict is the same as being easygoing.
I agree.
After all, it's a battle against his own desires.
What would you like?
Miss? How many do you want?
Three.
I'll do everything I can to make you happy.
I wanna see you, Hachiko.
So hurry.
If you two fell back in love now,
Hachi would be stuck in an impossible situation.
It's been a while since I've watched fireworks.
They sure are pretty.
This is the first time I've ever had food from a food stand.
It's pretty good!
But it's hard to eat with chopsticks.
I wonder if any of the stands have forks.
D-Don't spoil him!
Make him practice!
Don't grab me so suddenly!
My wig will shift!
HACHI
- Your wig! - Hello?
Shin?
Yeah, what is it?
I got to the apartment, but no one's answering.
Have you all gone ahead to see the fireworks?
But the light's on in the room.
Where are you?
Shin?
Yeah. We couldn't wait any longer and left. Sorry.
No, I should be the one apologizing for being late.
I'll head over there right now. Where are you watching it from?
Yeah. Got it. I'll call again if I can't find you.
What? You're dressed as a girl?
Can't you just get stuck with her?!
What an easygoing form of love.
Over here!
Huh? No way! Shin?! You're so cute!
Come on! Everyone's here.
They're so pretty!
Awesome!
They really are pretty, aren't they?
Come on, Shin. You're sounding like Misato!
What a huge diamond.
You know, Nobuo aside, why aren't you inviting me to your wedding?
You did invite Yasu and Shin.
Huh? You'd come?
Of course I would.
I'll even sing you the punk version of Ladybugs' Samba.
What's that? What kinda song is it?
I'll buy you the CD,
so you arrange it and play the guitar part.
You be happy, no matter what, okay?!
Nobu stepped aside so that you'd be happy.
So if you end up unhappy, it was for nothing.
Well, with Takumi as your husband,
I'm sure he's gonna make you cry from time to time.
But you're the fool who fell in love with him,
so that can't be helped.
And don't get discouraged when he cheats on you now and then, all right?
Just smack him around until you feel better.
Yeah. You're right.
Thank you, Nana.
That day, the riverside was packed with people,
and I never saw Shoji and his girlfriend.
I felt that the curtain had finally come down on our relationship.
There was such a big crowd
that you could easily lose sight of the people you were with.
So I wanted to hold Nana's hand...
But I was worried she'd think I'm insensitive
if I innocently grabbed her hand, which was as warm as Nobu's.
The wind on my fingertips was freezing cold.
Come to think of it, summer ended long ago, didn't it?
Did you guys have fun at the fireworks?
Get ready to continue working hard!
Huh?
Hey, Nana.
That summer you longed for more than anyone,
the one we couldn't get back, is right here.
I'll always be waiting.
For ten years... twenty years... fifty years...
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
I lost my dream and my love While being struck by the rain
Crying, crying, crying, crying
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down and I scream out
Pretending nothing happened Tomorrow will come
I'll be up against the same pain
If I repeat these days
Hey, Nana...
