If I were to die now, I doubt Ren would die with me anymore.
But that's fine. That's how it should be.
I must be crazy for thinking that's sad.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Excuse me, I'm from next door, and...
I think she's hyperventilating.
D-Do you have a plastic or paper bag?
You don't have one?
A paper bag would be better.
If you don't use it right, plastic could make it worse.
Really?
Or rather, how should she use it?
Well... um... I've never been in this situation before...
You seem like you know a lot.
Is it safe for someone not in the medical profession to do it?
Sure. I always do it by myself.
Lay her on her back,
then cover her nose and mouth with the paper bag,
but make a little opening.
Like this...
Have her take deep breaths, and it'll stop before long.
It's a living hell.
Th-Thank you. I'll give it a shot.
You don't have to freak out.
She's got that guy, who is like a tranquilizer.
Tranquilizer?
I was jealous so I said something mean.
Sorry.
As if being pulled up from the depths of the ocean,
I was finally able to breathe.
Yasu's chest had the sweet scent of Black Stone.
I'm not going anywhere.
- Ah, Ginpei. Keep up the good work. - Where's Nana?!
602.
How is she?! Did you notify Dr. Azuma?!
Calm down. She was probably just hyperventilating.
The same symptoms as Myu's.
That's a problem.
The security guard apparently phoned the agency
instead of getting an ambulance.
Ginpei rushed over
and he drove me to see a doctor he said he knew well.
By the time we arrived at the hospital,
which was past its hours of operation,
I was feeling completely back to normal.
AZUMA CLINIC I was feeling completely back to normal.
AZUMA CLINIC
AZUMA CLINIC But they insisted that I get checked just to be sure,
AZUMA CLINIC and I got a thorough physical checkup.
AZUMA CLINIC
Hyperventilation syndrome.
Also known simply as hyperventilation.
What's that?
It's just as the words suggest.
It's caused by excessive breathing.
The carbon dioxide levels in your blood decrease,
causing the attack.
Carbon dioxide levels in my blood?
Be quiet and listen.
Your attack subsided
when you placed a paper bag over your mouth
and breathed into it.
This is called the paper bag technique, and...
Doctor, I don't need you to share your knowledge with me.
What the hell's wrong with me? Is it my lungs?
No.
Then is it my blood?
No.
Then it must be'cause I smoke even though I'm on the pill.
But I heard that when you're young, a little is all right.
A little?
That's not good.
You risk getting thrombosis, you know.
I know that, but I can't quit either.
What am I gonna do?
If you'd use protection instead, then the problem's solved.
Huh? Me?
Come on, Doctor! You're misunderstanding!
Yasu belongs to me!
My apologies. But in any case,
the examination shows there is nothing wrong with you,
so you can relax.
Huh?!
I was in so much pain I thought I'd die!
Did you examine me properly?! You rogue doctor!
Nana...
Miss Osaki, calm down.
Hyperventilation can occur after strenuous exercise,
but it can also easily happen if you're overly nervous or excited.
But she's always like this, Doctor.
How can it be cured?
Well, there's no guarantee it'll even happen again.
The best thing to do is not worry about it.
Of course I'll be worried! I'm a singer, Doctor!
Performing live is a tough workout,
and I do get really excited when performing.
I can't risk having another attack onstage!
Please do something!
Hmm... But this is stress-related, which isn't my area of expertise.
If you're worried, I suggest you see a psychiatrist.
If you'd like, I'll write you a referral.
- A psychiatrist? - Thank you very much, Doctor!
I always appreciate your help greatly!
Nana!
Oh, you were here?
Oh, you look perfectly fine.
Nana!
Are you feeling all right? What did the doctor say?
He says I'm nuts, like I thought.
BAM
That hurt!
Wow, that stone head full of prejudices won't even crack!
THAT REALLY HURT... Wow, that stone head full of prejudices won't even crack!
Wow, that stone head full of prejudices won't even crack!
Don't crack it!
In this modern age,
everyone has to deal with varying degrees of stress.
It's truly a difficult world to live in.
You just happen to be a little more sensitive than others.
There's nothing wrong with that.
But I hate myself for being so weak.
I can't stand being who I am anymore...
So why do these guys continue being with me?
They have guts.
NOBU MESSAGE FROM NANA
I'M REALLY BUSY SO I CAN'T CALL YOU, BUT I'M DOING REALLY WELL, DARLING! LET'S BOTH DO OUR BEST.
Why is there so much work to do immediately after returning?!
It can't be helped.
Going to England wasn't part of the original schedule.
So stop whining!
Sorry about that.
It's not your fault, Ren.
I don't think it was necessary
to go all the way to England in the first place.
What are you doing?!
Don't touch it with your filthy hands!
Filthy? I'm outta lighter fluid. That's a lighter, right?
Huh? So that's a lighter? Wow, it's huge!
You know, you said the same thing
when you saw the one Shin was using at the after-party.
Have you forgotten already?
Huh? You mean Shin from BLAST?
He said it was a limited edition. It's a rare item.
Is that right?
That one you have isn't Shin's, is it?
It isn't!
Why are you carrying a lighter in the first place
when you don't even smoke?
It's a present from a fan, and I like it!
Must be nice to get cool stuff like that.
All I get are stuffed animals.
My room's full of stuffed animals.
You're actually displaying them?
Ren, hand me your lighter.
I'VE BEEN THROWN INTO THIS JAIL THEY CALL A DORM. I'M THINKING OF A WAY THAT I CAN MEET YOU WITHOUT ANYONE NOTICING, BUT HAVEN'T COME UP WITH ANY IDEAS. I'D LOVE TO SEE YOU SOON.
Saying I was busy was just an excuse.
I'm sure Ren realized that.
But if I heard Ren's voice,
I thought I'd have trouble breathing again. I was scared.
So now, I'm announcing today's schedule!
There's a photo shoot for promo material at the Harajuku studio.
Detergent?
DETERGENT? Detergent?
DETERGENT? Promo material.
DETERGENT?
In the afternoon,
there will be three interviews for music magazines.
We're introducing ourselves so we'll be visiting them.
Please make sure you're very polite to the people
during these work-related visits.
We want to leave a good impression.
Remember, your rebellious image is only an act.
Also, if they ask you any questions about your private life,
do not answer.
Then, at seven, we will meet with event organizers
to discuss the guerrilla live performance. That will be at the Gaia main office.
A rehearsal at the Kagurazaka studios at nine.
Finishing time depends on Matsuo's mood.
Well, there you have it. It's not as packed as I thought.
THERE'S ROOM FOR MORE. Well, there you have it. It's not as packed as I thought.
Well, there you have it. It's not as packed as I thought.
That's plenty packed! Nana's still recovering, you know!
Not a problem at all.
Well then, we're leaving now!
We'll have breakfast in the car.
All right! I'm starving!
The busier I was, the better I felt.
This is Masaru, the stylist.
Nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, too. - If the work was fulfilling,
I felt refreshed, so I didn't think I had to go to the hospital.
I don't intend to change much.
Your styles are already pretty well established.
I agree! Let's bring bondage back into style!
SIGH
SIGH There were so many people involved with BLAST's debut project
There were so many people involved with BLAST's debut project
that I couldn't remember everyone's name.
I can't ask about your private life?
At least tell me what your hobbies are.
- Mahjongg. - That was fast!
Interacting with people was never my forte,
but I had no problem with it.
Teacher, I'm so hungry I can't reach the high notes!
Don't blame it on your stomach. One more time!
Yo, Old Fox! How are ya doing?
What dirty tricks do you have up your sleeve this time?
Nana!
Looking good. Okay, don't move.
Think we should tell Misato about the live performance?
But it's on a weekday.
Midterms are coming up, right?
If we tell her, it could be a disaster for her.
I wonder if she'll be able to graduate.
Hey guys! You can't tell anyone about it!
I felt that if I saw Hachi now, I could laugh and talk with her.
I felt I could even listen to her talk about Takumi and the baby.
But, there just wasn't any time.
I'm sleepy.
But if I don't do the laundry today,
I'll run outta clothes to wear.
I've gotta hurry and move my stuff from the old apartment
and cancel the lease.
It's a waste of money.
Won't anyone do it for me? The laundry too?
But everything won't fit here.
Should I just send it to my parents' place for now?
But I'll bet my Dad's still angry with me.
But when BLAST's debut is officially confirmed,
I'll bet they'll be so thrilled.
G-Good evening.
LAUNDRY
Um... Can I ask you something?
Huh?
Ah, well, about hyperventilation.
You probably wouldn't wanna talk about it, huh? I'm sorry.
It's all right. What is it?
One of our staff members told me,
that if Nana has another attack,
we should stay calm and act as if it's no big deal.
That if the people around her start to panic,
it would only make her more anxious.
I do think he has a point and I hear that's what the doctor's said,
so that may be the right thing to do.
But wouldn't you feel lonely if you were in great pain
and those around you acted like it's no big deal?
Like, I wonder if I could remain calm.
I doubt if I could.
LAUGH
Huh?
Whether you're surrounded by people who are calm or upset,
you wouldn't be lonely if you could feel their compassion.
I don't know about other people, but that's how I'd feel.
I feel like I just asked something really obvious as a person.
Hey, is that a script for a movie?
Yeah.
You're an actress?!
More or less.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
It's okay. I'm not at all well-known.
This is a small part for a straight-to-video.
What's the title?!
I'll be sure to watch it when it goes on sale!
TANKI NA ONNA
TANKI NA ONNA Tanki na Onna.
Tanki na Onna.
A mahjongg movie?!
I love mahjongg! Though I'm really bad!
Um, can I ask you one more thing?
What?
What's your name?
I wonder how many people in this city know my name right now.
Hey, what's that? Is someone coming?
Who knows? It's probably some unknown singer.
It would be nice if they could get Trapnest to perform.
I can never get a ticket.
That'll never happen.
Anyway, Yuji and the guys are at the karaoke and told us to join.
Wanna go?
- Sure. Will they be paying? - Mr. Kawano? We're all set here.
Okay, go! Play as hard as you want!
Hi, Yuji? Yeah. We're on our way now.
- Nana! - Huh?!
Hey, that's BLAST! BLAST!
No way.
- No way! Nana?! - What? Who?
- She's the worst! Get lost! - Don't you know them?
I can't tell which ones are the hired applauders.
Looks like we're more famous than I thought.
I guess Ren's pretty popular with the peop-.
That means we don't hafta spend time on introductions.
I appreciate it, paparazzi.
October 10, 2001. Seven p.m. in Shinjuku.
You guys all better be thankful
for the fate of just happening to be here right now by coincidence.
YASU MESSAGE FROM NANA I'LL BE WAITING AT 7:00 IN FRONT OF ALTA IN SHINJUKU. NANA
Hey, Hachi. It's a little far, but that's the safest VIP seat.
I wonder if the baby in your belly can hear me singing, too.
Good morning, everyone! It's Friday, October 26th.
Time for Music J.
The first video clip today is of the new Trapnest single,
Shadow of Love.
I wanna wear the same dress as Reira's!
Huh?
You know, the wedding dress she wears in the promo video!
It's so beautiful! I totally wanna wear it!
Can they make another of the same?
We already ordered a dress. You can't change it now.
You'll make the dressmaker cry.
But I wanna wear it.
Then I'll change twice during the reception.
That's too many times.
Besides, it's not the dress that's pretty.
It's Reira.
It wouldn't look good on you. Give it up.
I knew it! You're involved with Reira!
No I'm not! And what do you mean I knew it?
Oh, Myu! Good morning!
Calcium? Can I have some?
Hey, Nobu. Will you stop calling me Myu?
The name's not Myu. It's Miu.
But it's too hard to pronounce.
Why not? It's a cute nickname.
Everyone says so, and no one pronounces my name properly.
Though I really like my name.
No one does? Then I will be the only one to call you Miu.
Are you off today?
Nope, we'll be on a music show tonight,
so we've got a rehearsal in the afternoon.
You're really busy, huh?
It's already been one month since we moved into the dorm
and Nobu is getting cozy with the girl next door.
There was no point in us changing rooms!
I would've preferred to have him fool around with Yuri.
Why do people easily drift from one relationship to the next?
Until recently all he'd say was,
Hachi, Hachi, Hachi, Hachi.
They're all such fools. Hachi included.
But it would be too cruel to force Nobu into a relationship
that has no future. I have no right to do that.
Hey, this isn't good.
I'm having... trouble breathing...
Good morning. You going somewhere?
Like, to have your hair cut?
THERE'S NOTHING TO CUT
THERE'S NOTHING TO CUT No, I have a meeting with Mr. Kawano,
No, I have a meeting with Mr. Kawano,
so I'll be leaving ahead of you.
You're looking pale. Are you feeling okay?
I'm perfectly fine.
I can't keep Yasu in unrequited love limbo.
On top of that,
why did I unwittingly move in next door to him?
That's pretty cruel.
One reason I didn't wanna get back with Ren is because
I was feeling Yasu's extraordinary love for me.
But in the end, I got swept away.
I'm just one of the fools.
I'll breathe into this just to be safe.
After all, I've got important work to do today.
I've managed to keep on living even when Ren wasn't around,
but without Yasu, I'd probably fall apart.
I've gotta end it.
The next time I see Ren, I won't get swept away.
It's been a while
since we performed live for a music show on TV!
I'm sure the fans are looking forward to it.
I bet the ratings are gonna be great!
I'm sure of it.
They're throwing us in the pit together.
But even if they pick a fight, I'm not gonna fight back.
- What are you talking about? - Here, say Aaah...
HERE, SAY AAAH - What are you talking about? - Here, say Aaah...
HERE, SAY AAAH - Do not resort to violence, Takumi. - Aaah...
- Do not resort to violence, Takumi. - Aaah...
AAAH - Do not resort to violence, Takumi. - Aaah...
BLAST will be performing, too!
Hey, Hachi.
I always thought life was about standing your ground,
no matter how strong the current is.
But going with the flow isn't such a foolish thing after all.
As long as you're moving forward.
Will you hold me now?
Hold me now?
My frozen heart
Kiss my lips and maybe you can
take me to your world for now
I can't be alone right now
Will you hold me now?
Hold me now?
My frozen heart
I'm lost in a deep winter sleep
I can't seem to find my way out alone
Can you wake me
