That far off future was suddenly upon us...
And soon, it too will become a passing memory.
Alicia, the future always has a worried look on its face.
So let's go greet it with a smile, together.
Akari...
Alicia, good morning.
My, good morning, Akari.
Umm... I put on my uniform.
My, my!
Yes, it looks great on you!
W-What is it?
I'm just happy, that's all.
We heard! We heard!
Ah, yeah. I've become a Prima, too.
Ah, yeah, congratulations.
Really congratulations.
Ehh? That's it?
This is no time for that!
Is it true that Alicia's retiring because she's getting married?
Is it true?
Yeah.
That's not the only reason for her retirement, though.
Apparently the Gondola Association has wanted Alicia to be a Managing Director for a while now.
They said they'd like her to work not only for the future of the Aria Company,
but for the future of the entire Water Guide Industry.
But regardless of how amazing Alicia is, it's impossible for her to hold both jobs.
Apparently she asked them to wait until I became a Prima.
I was really surprised about her marriage, too.
I think she was waiting on that as well, until I became a Prima.
If only I had been more dependable...
Ah, it's the phone.
Hello, this is the Aria...
Sideburns!! Hello, this is the Aria...
Sideburns!!
Akatsuki...
Is A-A-A-Alicia really getting m-m-m-married?
It's not true, right? Please tell me it's not true!
It's true.
We've been getting a storm of inquiries by phone and email all morning.
I wonder where everyone is hearing the news from?
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
As the days begin to swirl in brilliant colors Azayaka ni mawaridashita hibi
Always and forever, they're filled with love Itsumo itsudemo ai ga michiteita
Surely, it's a spiral Kitto supiraare
The days passed by, each one filled with warmth Atataka na mainichi o kasanetara
And before I knew it, off in the distance... Itsunomanika tooku ni
To That New Beginning...
So?
Are you all right?
Huh?
Ah, yeah.
Alicia said she'd stay until things calm down at the company.
And the association will be handling her retirement ceremony, so...
That's not what we mean, Akari. Are you all right?
We're really worried.
Yeah.
Thank you, Aika, Alice.
I'm sure...
Yes...
I'm sure...
Ever since the day she told me about her retirement,
I've been really busy with a lot of things.
The days have become really hectic.
But Alicia is always smiling.
Not one thing has changed about our days here.
Time is passing by like it always has.
These are gentle...
Alicia is here.
President Aria is here.
And I'm here.
That's why I'll be all right.
Huh?
What did this number mean, again?
I'm sorry, Alicia. About this document...
Alicia?
Alicia...
There was something in that document I didn't understand, so I was looking for you.
A customer had brought me flowers, so...
I see...
Huh?
It's because no one wants you to retire.
Your customers... The people of this city...
Everyone really... really loves you, Alicia!
You're one of the Three Great Water Fairies...
You're always kind...
You're everyone's Snow White...
That's why everyone wants you to stay...
Huh? I'm sorry.
I wonder why?
My tears... They won't stop...
Alicia...
The truth is...
The truth is, you've had the skill to become a Prima for a long time now.
But I was afraid of losing the cherished time I've spent with you.
As your mentor, I knew I had to be strong...
I kept thinking that, but I couldn't do it.
This is all because of my selfishness.
I'm so sorry.
Alicia...
I'm sorry, too.
So many things happened at once...
They're all such wonderful things, and I should be really happy, but...
Akari.
I've always known that times and places change, but...
I'm sorry.
As we walked together, it always felt like we were all on the same path.
But really, we were all on our own separate paths, weren't we?
I walked down my own path...
I want to see everyone's wonderful futures that await them down this path.
That's why...
Thank you, Akari.
Let's do our best today too, President Aria!
Our first booking today is a Mr. Namihei Anno.
Hey.
Huh?!
So that's your name, Mr. Postman.
Yeah.
Do you have the day off from work today?
Huh?
I've also retired from my post.
From now on, I'll be working at the office as a supervisor.
I see.
Thank you for your hard work all these years.
It's delicious.
It's buckwheat tea.
Oh!
So your alias is Aquamarine?
Yes.
It's a good name.
I'm really happy that you're a Prima now, and I can take a ride in your gondola!
Are you lonely at all?
Alicia has stayed on this whole time while I adjust to running the company.
I see.
But when tomorrow's retirement ceremony is over, I really will be alone.
You'll be all right.
You have this entire city on your side.
Yes.
It's really delicious.
Thanks to Mr. Postman's recommendation,
I have a booking for tomorrow, as well.
My, my.
Also, the owner of Caffe Florian and the Campanile caretaker recommended me,
so I received a few bookings from that, as well.
I see.
I feel like...
Your Aria Company has already begun, hasn't it?
My...
Alicia!
How's it going? Are you done with the preparations?
I see you gazing up at the endless sky Dokomademo tsuzuku kono sora nagameteru yokogao
I see you gazing up at the endless sky Dokomademo tsuzuku kono sora nagameteru yokogao It's time.
I see you gazing up at the endless sky Dokomademo tsuzuku kono sora nagameteru yokogao
I see you gazing up at the endless sky Dokomademo tsuzuku kono sora nagameteru yokogao Yeah.
Your long hair brushes your cheeks as it sways in the wind Hoho ni fureru nagai kami ga yureteiru
Though this heartache can't be expressed with words, Setsunasa wa kotoba ni naranai keredo
As I always have, both now and forevermore... Ano koro mo ima mo zutto
I'll gather up these feelings that will never change Itsumademo kawaranu omoi o yosete
Whenever I am blessed with kindness, Yasashisa ni meguriau toki
I can always feel the wind as it sweeps past Fukinukeru kaze wa itsudemo
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita Alicia... This can't be true!
Alicia... This can't be true!
Akatsukin, are you crying?
They're tears of joy, right?
Shut up! They're tears of joy, right?
Shut up!
Sob Sob Sob Shut up!
Sob Sob Sob
We spoke a little while ago, it was a moment full of smiles Sakki made futari hanashita hohoemi no hitotoki
These nostalgic, happy days... I'm leaving them behind Natsukashikute tanoshii hibi nokoshiteku
There's just one thing I'm praying for Hitotsu dake negai o komete inoru no
A bridge to connect our hearts Kokoro o tsunagu kake hashi
As you cross that bridge, Ano sanbashi no mukougawa e
Look around, and you'll see the sun-dappled canal Furimukeba kirameku komorebi no michi
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru
Of that I'm certain Sou kitto
My heart races like the rhythm of the waves Takanaru kodou wa namima o utau rizumu
As I discover that intangible certainty Katachi no nai tashika na mono mitsukete
Congratulations on your promotion to Prima, Alicia!
Whenever I am blessed with kindness, Yasashisa ni meguriau toki
I can always feel the wind as it sweeps past Fukinukeru kaze wa itsudemo
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete Snow?
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete But it's not the right season yet...
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru But it's not the right season yet...
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru She truly is Snow White, isn't she?
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru Alicia.
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru
Thank you... Thank you very much, for everything!
Of that I'm certain Sou kitto
Good morning, President Aria.
Alicia...
Oh, it's been a while since I've had hot cocoa with whipped cream!
I want extra cream on mine!
My, my.
You're really like a selfish little kid, Athena.
Okay, here comes the walnut bread!
The cookies are fresh out of the oven, too!
Why?
Everyone's here...
I see.
This place is still filled with all those fun memories we shared.
Opening this shutter is my first task of the day.
If I open it now, my usual day will begin.
This precious mirage will vanish in the morning air.
But...
Because today is a new beginning!
Dear Ai, shall I tell you how everyone is doing?
The gentle wind strokes my cheek Hoho o naderu yasashii kaze
The gentle wind strokes my cheek Hoho o naderu yasashii kaze Good morning!
The gentle wind strokes my cheek Hoho o naderu yasashii kaze Lately, Woody the Sylph has been bringing me freshly laid eggs before he goes to work.
The gentle wind strokes my cheek Hoho o naderu yasashii kaze
The gentle wind strokes my cheek Hoho o naderu yasashii kaze Apparently he's started raising chickens at his home in Ukijima.
I sway among the sound of waves Namioto ni yurarete Apparently he's started raising chickens at his home in Ukijima.
I sway among the sound of waves Namioto ni yurarete
I sway among the sound of waves Namioto ni yurarete Aika?
I sway among the sound of waves Namioto ni yurarete As for Aika, the young Himeya branch manager, Aika?
I sway among the sound of waves Namioto ni yurarete As for Aika, the young Himeya branch manager, Yes, yes!
I sway among the sound of waves Namioto ni yurarete As for Aika, the young Himeya branch manager,
I sway among the sound of waves Namioto ni yurarete she's adjusted to her position well, and has become a very dignified supervisor.
And I can feel my whole body relax Karada no naka hodoketeyuku yo she's adjusted to her position well, and has become a very dignified supervisor.
And I can feel my whole body relax Karada no naka hodoketeyuku yo But when it's just the two of us...
And I can feel my whole body relax Karada no naka hodoketeyuku yo ...secretly, she's still the same crybaby.
And I can feel my whole body relax Karada no naka hodoketeyuku yo
I heard Al was promoted recently, so he's no longer an apprentice.
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru I heard Al was promoted recently, so he's no longer an apprentice.
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru Why yes, thank you.
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru
I close my eyes, and then I can see... Me o tojite mietekuru I haven't seen him for a while, but Aika keeps me updated constantly.
Come, let's paddle away Saa, kogidasou Akatsuki was also promoted.
Come, let's paddle away Saa, kogidasou
Come, let's paddle away Saa, kogidasou He often appears out of nowhere and surprises me at the office.
To the shining waves Hikaru nami e He often appears out of nowhere and surprises me at the office.
To the shining waves Hikaru nami e Oh!
To the shining waves Hikaru nami e
To the shining waves Hikaru nami e I'm sure it's his way of showing he cares.
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru I'm sure it's his way of showing he cares.
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru You look bored.
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru Oh.
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru You could come visit Ukijima, if you want.
Soon we'll be overflowing with smiles Egao ga sugu koboreru
Come, let's let others feel... Nee, tsutaeyou
Come, let's let others feel... Nee, tsutaeyou Thank you.
Come, let's let others feel... Nee, tsutaeyou
Come, let's let others feel... Nee, tsutaeyou Alice, the legendary rank-skipping Prima, is always the focus of everyone's attention.
This excitement in our hearts Kono tokimeki Alice, the legendary rank-skipping Prima, is always the focus of everyone's attention.
This excitement in our hearts Kono tokimeki The self-imposed rule she's most passionate about lately is...
I'll ride the wind to where you are Kaze ni notte anata no moto e The self-imposed rule she's most passionate about lately is...
I'll ride the wind to where you are Kaze ni notte anata no moto e ...that the three of us must spend time together.
I'll ride the wind to where you are Kaze ni notte anata no moto e
I'll ride the wind to where you are Kaze ni notte anata no moto e If the three of us don't hang out together, the world will come to an end.
I'm on my way, Undine Yuku wa, Undine If the three of us don't hang out together, the world will come to an end.
I'm on my way, Undine Yuku wa, Undine Huh?
I'm on my way, Undine Yuku wa, Undine You're such a little kid.
I'm on my way, Undine Yuku wa, Undine
Athena, encouraged by those around her,
made her debut as an actress at the opera the other day.
Alice was angry, saying that it would affect Athena's work as an Undine, but...
She was crying... but that's a secret.
The wind falls into a lull, and if you look back Kaze ga nai de furikaereba Himeya's Akira is shining brightly as the reigning number one Prima.
The wind falls into a lull, and if you look back Kaze ga nai de furikaereba She truly evokes the feeling of a Crimson Rose in full bloom.
You can see the world shine in the sunset's glow Yuubae ni terasare She truly evokes the feeling of a Crimson Rose in full bloom.
You can see the world shine in the sunset's glow Yuubae ni terasare Geez, she's such a thorn in my side.
You can see the world shine in the sunset's glow Yuubae ni terasare I'm going to dethrone her and make this era mine as soon as possible!
You can see the world shine in the sunset's glow Yuubae ni terasare She says that, but...
And the sight is dyed deep into your heart Kokoro made mo somatte yuku yo She says that, but...
And the sight is dyed deep into your heart Kokoro made mo somatte yuku yo ...it's easy to tell that she's happy, and proud of Akira's achievements.
And the sight is dyed deep into your heart Kokoro made mo somatte yuku yo
And the sight is dyed deep into your heart Kokoro made mo somatte yuku yo And as for our eternal Snow White, Alicia,
And as for our eternal Snow White, Alicia,
If you look up, you'll hear it resound Miagereba hibikidasu And as for our eternal Snow White, Alicia,
If you look up, you'll hear it resound Miagereba hibikidasu
If you look up, you'll hear it resound Miagereba hibikidasu she attends various lectures, ceremonies, meetings, functions, all sorts of things.
The song of the stars Hoshitachi no uta ga she attends various lectures, ceremonies, meetings, functions, all sorts of things.
The song of the stars Hoshitachi no uta ga She's very busy every day.
The song of the stars Hoshitachi no uta ga
Come, let's paddle away Saa, kogidasou
Come, let's paddle away Saa, kogidasou I even attended a lecture the other day where Alicia and Grandma were the guest speakers.
To the distant future Haruka asu e I even attended a lecture the other day where Alicia and Grandma were the guest speakers.
To the distant future Haruka asu e
As our dreams spread out across the water Minamo ni yume hirogaru But still, whenever she has time...
As our dreams spread out across the water Minamo ni yume hirogaru Hello.
As our dreams spread out across the water Minamo ni yume hirogaru
As our dreams spread out across the water Minamo ni yume hirogaru Grandma!
As our dreams spread out across the water Minamo ni yume hirogaru
As our dreams spread out across the water Minamo ni yume hirogaru Alicia!
As our dreams spread out across the water Minamo ni yume hirogaru
Come, let's find... Nee mitsukeyou
Come, let's find... Nee mitsukeyou We're here again.
Come, let's find... Nee mitsukeyou
You and I, together Anata to issho ni ...and smiles that wonderful, unchanging, Water Fairy smile.
Let's find them, Undine Sagasou, Undine ...and smiles that wonderful, unchanging, Water Fairy smile.
Let's find them, Undine Sagasou, Undine
Let's find them, Undine Sagasou, Undine I hope this breeze, which carries happiness and many new beginnings, reaches you, Ai.
I hope this breeze, which carries happiness and many new beginnings, reaches you, Ai.
Good morning, President Aria.
Good morning, Akari.
I put on my uniform.
W-What do you think?
Yes, it looks great on you, Ai.
Um, what is it?
I'm just happy, that's all.
Thank You
