At the time, I didn't have a TV or a phone in my room.
As a result, I was the last one to join the party.
It couldn't have been more annoying.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Kyosuke! Turn on the TV! The TV!
What's the matter this early in the morning?
Just turn it on! You'll know when you see it!
Did something happen?
REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED!
REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED! The guru is on TV!
REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED!
Hey, that's that cute girl!
Hey, you're right.
That cute girl is just as cute on TV, isn't she?
I think she's more beautiful than cute.
No way!
Why is my sister's friend going out with Ren?!
What's the meaning of this?!
- I don't get it! - You're too loud. I can't hear the TV.
Could that mean the man who got my sister pregnant is also a celebrity?
She said he works in the music business, right?!
Who is he?! Who is he?!
How should I know?
Why didn't you ask her? What kinda parent are you?
The guy got my daughter pregnant! He must be a jerk!
Damn him! Leave me alone!
So that's it?
You only pretended to be lenient to hide your jealousy.
Nami.
Let's just hope he works for a proper company.
He's coming over on Sunday.
Don't say anything rude to him, okay?
Huh?
He's coming over? I can't wait!
Black Stones is a band that Ren started back in his hometown.
The vocalist Nana, who was 16 years old at the time,
apparently frequented Ren's place, where Ren was living alone.
Ren was invited to join Trapnest just before their major debut,
so he left his band to join them, right?
And the two broke up once at that time.
Yes. Leaving a band could get ugly and I hear Nana has a temper problem.
She apparently bad-mouthed Ren to people around her.
That's a lie!
Be quiet! Whether it's true or not doesn't matter!
We're going to a commercial break.
What do you mean it doesn't matter?
Oh, Take.
Yeah, I'm watching it. Why at a busy time like this?
Give me a break.
I kept telling him to be careful.
This is gonna be so troublesome.
What do you mean troublesome?! That's a terrible thing to say!
I said be quiet! Outsiders like you need to shut up!
No, sorry.
Outsiders?
So where's Ren? He's not with that woman, is he?
Is that so? Then keep an eye on him, so he doesn't get out.
Just make certain that he doesn't go and see that woman.
Yeah.
No, I'll go to the office right away.
Nana!
Where do you think you're going?
I'm going back home to see how Nana's doing!
I'm worried about her!
Please don't do anything unnecessary.
But this isn't unnecessary!
Takumi, there's something not right about you as a person!
If you think that, then don't force yourself to marry me.
If there's something not right about the father,
the child isn't gonna amount to much. I'm a good example.
Just having parents doesn't make it all right.
If it's hard by yourself,
then go back and raise it at your parents' place.
And don't worry. I'll support the child.
In any case, the way things are shaping up,
I won't be able to come here for some time.
Do as you wish.
Hello, Nana?!
Could the Takumi you were talking about be Takumi of Trapnest?!
No. That's not possible, is it?
You're lying. Tell me the truth.
When I think about it, everything adds up.
Why are you hiding it from me? That's so cold of you.
Did you think I would tell anyone?
What's the matter? Why are you crying?
Jun-chan. I,.,
I'm not forcing myself to get married only for my baby's sake.
I know that.
I really love Takumi.
I know. I'm glad you realized that.
But I thought it was Nobu I'm in love with.
That's just your imagination.
As long as a man treats you nice, it doesn't matter to you who it is.
That's not true.
I know that you feel bad for Nobu,
but it's much healthier to come to terms with your feelings
rather than convince yourself that you're doing it for money or for the child.
But it was easier to think that it was for those things.
Why is it that when I go after a guy,
I always end up with self-centered jerks like Mr. Asano and Takumi?
Huh? I don't know.
So she loved Asano that much? Enough to still talk about him?
Why can't I treat the guys like Shoji and Nobu
with as much care as they showed me?
If Shoji didn't get sick of me, I'm sure we would've lived peacefully,
and that would've been the best for me.
CHILLS...
CHILLS... Why is she talking about Shoji at this stage?
CHILLS...
CHILLS... And that would've been the best?
CHILLS...
CHILLS... At this rate, I'll never be happy for the rest of my life!
At this rate, I'll never be happy for the rest of my life!
- Pass. - Huh?
HUH? PASS - Pass. - Huh?
- Pass. - Huh?
Calm her down.
Come on. Just say something that'll make her feel good.
Hello, Nana?
Do you have to delay your wedding
because Trapnest is caught in this mess?
WAAA!!
WAAA! Takumi, you idiot! You bastard!
Takumi, you idiot! You bastard!
Anyway, come by our place. We'll listen to your complaints.
What about class?
No, I'll be fine.
But above everything, I wanna see Nana.
I wanna apologize to her properly and make up with her,
and I'm thinking about going now to see how she's doing.
Huh? Go to the apartment?
Right now would not be a good time.
Huh?
There are reporters at your apartment.
What?
We are in front of the residence of BLAST's Nana.
Oh no!
I'm gonna be late!
Who is it so early in the morning? Yes?! Who is it?!
We're from Search.
Huh? If you're selling something, I don't want it!
You're Nana Osaki, right?
We would like to ask some questions
regarding your relationship with Ren Honjo.
It's one thing to show Ren's place,
but why are they showing the guru's home, too?
She's not a celebrity yet!
It's a unique building, and coupled with the surrounding view,
you can easily tell where it is.
They should sue them for this!
What's Yasu doing? Isn't he a lawyer?!
Do something about it!
Anyway, Nana, given what we're seeing,
it's quite possible that they've already found out that Nana had a roommate.
You could end up being showered with questions.
It's better if you don't go.
But Nana's...
I understand how you feel, but think this through.
It would be nothing but trouble if they find out who you are.
What if they find out about your relationship with Takumi?
If the media made a big deal about it,
Takumi will end up in an unfavorable position,
and you and your child will have a tough time living a normal life.
Please don't do anything unnecessary.
Nana will be all right.
She's a smart girl and she has her band members.
I'm a lot more worried about you. Don't go now.
Nana Osaki!
Search... does he mean Search, the weekly magazine?
Please come out for a moment and talk to us.
We saw you on TV.
TV?
If you don't hurry up and give us an explanation,
things could get pretty ugly for you.
An explanation?
Is that okay with you?
I don't understand what he's talking about.
Is he threatening me?
And finally, let's take another look at BLAST's live video.
Their debut single is expected to be released soon by Gaia Records.
I can hardly wait.
Nobu...
This program is kinda strange.
It's like they're taking advantage of Ren's scandal to promote us.
Nobu! Shin!
- You're here. - Mr. Kawano.
Neither of you would answer your cell phone,
so I was getting worried.
I'm sorry. I had turned mine off because friends were calling me nonstop.
Then did you see the broadcast?
Yes, we saw it.
Then I can get right to the point. There's a car waiting outside.
Pack your bags quickly.
Pack our bags?
Just in case, you are to hide in a hotel until things calm down.
There's a good chance reporters will come here.
Wait a minute!
What in the world's going on?!
How come we're debuting all of a sudden?!
We'll talk about it in the car. We should hurry.
What about Nana?
I left Nana to Yasu.
I'm sure he'll be able to deal with the media in a professional manner.
Don't worry about it.
I am worried!
With all this mess going on, Nana won't be able to sing!
Is Gaia behind that show?!
That's the video we sent in when we were promoting ourselves, isn't it?!
But that video had been sent to many places, right?
I hate to say this, but I can't trust you, Mr. Kawano.
You keep saying things to satisfy us, but they've all been lies.
I don't think I'm gonna be able to trust anyone anymore.
In fact, both Yasu and I received blocked calls this morning
telling us to watch Morning Seven.
What's that?! A telephone threat?!
TOO SCARY What's that?! A telephone threat?!
TOO SCARY
Whoever's behind this, I'm not clear what their motive is,
but what's clear is that they're doing this so the public will pay attention to you.
But who would do such a thing other than Gaia?!
The only one who would benefit now by promoting our band is Gaia!
You really are a good person right down to the core, Nobu.
You don't think that perhaps the objective is not to promote the band,
but to crush it?
Everyone who watched that on TV will think it's weird.
You're a member of Black Stones, aren't you?
Did you watch Morning Seven?
Is it true that Nana's the one who put that padlock on Ren?
What did you think when Ren left your band to join Trapnest?
What's going on?!
He's a friend of Ren's woman!
Didn't Nana sell this information herself?!
It's a publicity stunt!
Taking advantage of Trapnest's popularity!
SILENCE
Listen, you guys.
If you have the time to mess with other people's gardens,
try making your own flowers bloom.
REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED?!
REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED?! Back to you from Ren's love interest Nana's home.
Oh, boy. He's made enemies outta the media. That idiot.
He's so cool!
TAKUMI!
TAKUMI! Yasu is really awesome! I'm sorry that I called him baldy!
Yasu is really awesome! I'm sorry that I called him baldy!
I LOVE YOU Yasu is really awesome! I'm sorry that I called him baldy!
I LOVE YOU I wanna be Yasu! But I don't wanna be bald!
I wanna be Yasu! But I don't wanna be bald!
WHAT SHOULD I DO? I wanna be Yasu! But I don't wanna be bald!
But look at Ren's popularity.
All the talk shows are talking about the same subject.
Isn't that nice? It just shows how peaceful this world is.
PEEVED...
PEEVED... But it's supposed to be about Ren's passionate love,
But it's supposed to be about Ren's passionate love,
but they're talking about BLAST more than our band.
Oh? You hate to lose, huh?
No, I don't care if I win or lose, as long as we get attention.
Let's hold a press conference, Takumi.
We'll have Ren tell them something really cool.
Like Don't pick on my woman or something like that.
Get real.
I'm not gonna be part of this silly party.
Don't come crying to me if BLAST walks off with everything.
That's fine by me.
We'll maintain our own pace and rely on our talent.
As long as our CDs sell, everything's fine.
You sure are confident.
Do you really think that you're the best in the whole wide world?
Of course not.
But I do think that you're the best in the world.
Don't add any more pressure!
- I hate you! - Mari. Coffee.
Yes.
Nana!
This is the worst.
Rumors are out that this is your publicity stunt.
Doesn't that make you angry?!
The last thing I wanted was for my name to be known as Ren's woman.
If you'll talk to me, I'll write an article to explain your views!
You're being a pest, damn it.
Nana!
Don't try to be friendly with me. It's all over now.
- It's all fallen apart because of you guys! - Nana!
The guy from Black Stones.
Don't dare come inside!
Go away!
Come on. I'm only giving her a chance to redeem...
Don't act like you're doing us a favor.
Never come close to our vocalist again.
I'm gonna write about what happened just now!
If you wanna save the reputation of the legal firm that's been so good to you,
submit your resignation letter!
Nana.
Are you all right?
Ow!
You idiot! What are you acting so cool for?!
Think about the position you're in first, baldy!
It's okay. I don't hold an important position at the firm,
so quitting won't affect anyone.
But it will affect you!
If word gets out that you used violence, no one's gonna hire you!
Don't throw your life away!
It's okay. Now I can go out and gamble to my heart's content.
This guy's a fool.
All our members are fools.
Nobu got disowned by his parents and dumped by his girlfriend.
Yet he still clings onto his guitar.
Unless something's done about Shin, he's on a direct path to destruction.
If I don't sing, we have no future.
We are in front of the home of Trapnest's Ren.
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS?
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS? The person at the center of this vortex has not appeared yet.
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS?
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS? Moments ago, his agency has announced that
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS? they will be taking a no comments stance on this subject.
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS?
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS? This adds to the speculation about
PUBLICITY STUNT BY BLAST?! WHAT ARE REN'S THOUGHTS? this being a publicity stunt by Black Stones' Nana...
Mr. Honjo!
We got directions from the agency.
You're to fly to England this afternoon.
I'm running away?!
Am I a criminal?
It's for a shoot for the cover and promotion video.
We had planned to do it in Japan, but with this commotion...
You'll spend about half a month there, so you should be able to relax a bit.
The other band members and staff will be going tomorrow,
but you and Mr. Takeda will be going ahead.
I'll drive you to the airport.
I got it.
I'll get ready right away.
Things should be a lot quieter if it's only me and Take.
Um, Mr. Honjo.
Are you sure you don't have to help your girlfriend out?
If you wanna retaliate on the media, I won't stop you.
Sadly, my woman has too much pride.
The more I try to protect her in front of the public eye,
the more miserable she'll be.
What do you mean? I doubt that!
Why do you always do exactly as the agency tells you to?!
No, she really is like that.
This aggressive change in schedule must be Takumi's idea!
Mr. Honjo, you ought to do as you wish!
Kinoshita, you're missing the point here.
Music is not fun and games for us.
Trapnest is no longer Takumi's own castle.
It's a major project that involves the agency,
the record label, and other companies.
I can't just do as I please.
Being in a band is like sharing a single destiny.
Right now, the people I must protect
are not the friends I abandoned long ago.
Nana, please make a statement.
When Ren was invited to join Trapnest,
was it you that broke off the relationship?
Did you get back together with him to take advantage of him?
Ren says he has no comment about this. How do you feel about that?
Are you happy that you're getting all the attention according to your plan?
This is stupid.
Say something.
I don't need to say anything.
Ren understands me, and I know the position Ren is in.
There's no need to make a fuss.
But right now, there's one thing I must say no matter what.
Please say something!
I won't let them ruin my life.
Just watch me, Hachiko. I will make your wishes come true!
I hope you'll be on TV a lot. Let me see you as you continue singing.
Oh, I feel much better now.
I'm glad.
That's all from the home of Nana, the woman of the hour.
She just threw them a smoke bomb.
The title of the next show will be something like
A fearless Nana sends a mysterious message to her pet dog.
That will take them even further off track.
Yeah, she's fearless all right.
And I'm sure they thought she was talking about a dog.
You know, Hachi...
Ever since that day, I was able to get right back up,
no matter how many times I got struck down...
REN HONJO THE DARK PAST OF THE BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO STOLE THE ROCK-N-ROLL HERO'S HEART.
REN HONJO THE DARK PAST OF THE BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO STOLE THE ROCK-N-ROLL HERO'S HEART....because I knew you were always watching me.
REN HONJO THE DARK PAST OF THE BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO STOLE THE ROCK-N-ROLL HERO'S HEART.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
