The treasure that was stored in your house
has definitely been transferred into my hands.
Fouquet the Sculptor.
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
The sky where two moons never fade away
That's an impossibility, right?
This is the first time I've felt anything like this
I'm feeling more and more at ease with this place
Even if you trip and become depressed
I will always hold you tight with a squeeze
The story where we met that day stays hot with a sweet kiss
See, you can cast magic, and the wishes will surely come true
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
Tristein's Princess
Straighten your back more!
Like this?
Your right arm and right leg are moving together!
You know, I suck at this stuff when I have to think about it.
When I am conscious of something,
I cannot perform as well as I wish to!
It's all terrible... Mannerisms, pattern of speech...
What's with this all of a sudden, complaining about this and that!
I was so careless...
I had completely forgotten about the exhibition.
Exhibition?
There is a gathering that happens every year.
All students exhibit their summoned familiars to the whole Institute.
How stupid. Why don't you just skip out?
All second-year students are required to attend!
In any case... I just want to avoid being embarrassed.
Since you can speak,
I thought you could make a witty speech or something.
I know! I have something new that I've gotten really good at!
Really?
Washing panties!
So, how about I demonstrate washing your panties?
Goodness, my master may have a face like that,
but she wears lacy panties like this!
She's so fashionable, even where people can't see!
Is that all you want to say?
It wasn't true! I'm just joking!
That's right! Saito, you can wield a sword, right?
Why don't you show some of your swordsmanship?
That's no good.
I thought that when I decided to barge into Mott's place.
You couldn't even swing once?
That time when I was fighting Guiche...
I think it was all some sort of mistake.
Well, what happened in Count Mott's manor
turned out to be for the best in the end.
But come to think of it, it's strange.
What is?
Because my familiar did something like that,
it wouldn't be strange for me to receive some kind of scolding.
But nothing ever since...
Anyway, we don't have any time.
Think up something that you can do before class is over.
Here goes...
Hey, what's that? Such a strange dance...
How embarrassing.
I'm suddenly asked what tricks I can show...
Well, you just do your best, partner.
Hey, Derf, since you're a sword,
don't you know at least one trick to knock everyone's socks off?
Don't be stupid!
Unfortunately, I'm more of a practical model.
Oh, what should I do?
Mr. Saito?
What are you doing?
Siesta...
Well, y'know...
Perhaps you're practicing for the exhibition?
Yeah, that's it! But how did you figure it out?
All the second-year students are training very hard.
This year, Lady Henrietta will be coming as well.
Lady Henrietta?
About preparations for tomorrow's exhibition...
From cleaning all areas of the Institute,
set-up of the guest seats, preparations for the banquet...
Under Mr. Colbert's guidance,
everything is moving along without interruption.
Concerning other potential problems...
Oh, that was rather close, Motsognir.
So, today's color was?
What?! You couldn't get a look?
That's unfortunate.
Be kinder to your elders...
Keep it up, Flame!
Right there, a spin, a dance of flames!
You're the best, Flame!
Right, good job, Kubacil.
Maybe the ribbon isn't working...
Verdande...
I'm sure the princess will be sure to understand your elegant grace.
I see...
So the princess will be coming to watch all this.
Lady Henrietta is a symbolic existence to all the citizenry,
ever since the King passed away.
So she's popular.
The gift from the Palace will be mine!
A couple people out there have a different objective.
See you later.
Yeah, later.
Please do your best as well, Mr. Saito.
Sure.
Make sure to guard the gates on the actual day.
Yes, sir!
Mr. Colbert...
You are taking the guard from the vault to guard the gates?
After all, everything is so sudden that we're shorthanded.
But didn't I hear that Fouquet the Sculptor was after the treasure here?
Even so, what thief would choose the precise time
that the Royal Princess' guards were on the premises?
In the first place, not even Triangle-class mages
would stand a chance against this door.
Even this Institute's guards have to show off to the Palace.
That's very true.
Princess of the Kingdom of Tristein,
Her Highness, Lady Henrietta has arrived!
What beauty...
That's the princess of Tristein?
I'm more beautiful than she is!
Don't you think so?
Well...
Hey, she's cute.
You stay quiet! You're only a familiar, you're being rude!
Yeah, yeah...
Mr. Osman, I apologize for this sudden, selfish request.
Not at all!
The students and I have all been eagerly awaiting your arrival.
This one year, I really wanted to see it with my own eyes.
Oh, is that...
A personal matter.
Hold on...
What part of that is your vaunted swordsmanship?
Are you taking this seriously?
It's impossible to attempt to do something in just one day.
After all...
What?
I'm more used to panty-washing...
Hold it! Hold on! I'll be serious!
I'll do it, yeah yeah yeah!
A guest, a guest...
Sheesh... Who is it so late at night?
Right, coming right up...
Who are you?!
It's been a while...
Louise FranCoise!
Your Highness, the Princess!
Louise! Louise, it went that way!
Wait!
If anything happens that makes you want to cry,
please make sure to tell me.
I will make sure to embrace you.
Then, I will make sure to help you out when you're in a bind, Louise!
Louise, Louise... Good old Louise...
You should not, Princess!
To come to such a humble abode by yourself!
Stop those formalities, Louise FranCoise.
We are friends, are we not?
Princess, those words are too much for me...
Um, how do you guys know each other?
When the Princess was but a young girl,
I was honored to be her playmate.
Please say childhood friends.
Oh, I've wanted to see you all this time.
Princess...
I'm sorry.
Ever since Father passed away,
I haven't had anyone that I could open my heart to.
Princess, I was surprised when I received a letter from you.
Oh, I see. Because the Princess was coming,
you quickly wanted me to show off...
You stay quiet!
Why are you standing there like an idiot, right before the Princess?!
It is well.
Please be at ease, Mr. Familiar.
She's too cute...
What are you staring at?!
Please forgive him. He really knows no manners.
So much that he stands up against Count Mott.
I have been wanting to see you as well.
I wondered what kind of person
the familiar that stood up to a nobleman was.
Princess?!
Rest assured, Louise.
It caused a bit of a stir within the Palace,
but there will be no punishment.
Then, Princess, you...
Did you forget? I promised you long ago
that I would help you out when you were in a bind.
I am a princess for now, you know.
Princess...
There is no way that I can thank you!
Louise, you summoned a splendid familiar.
On the contrary!
Such a vulgar, strange creature is the biggest mistake of my life!
Ouch... That hurts...
I'm telling you it hurts!
I'm telling you, stay put!
This was the most fun I have had in the past few years.
Thank you, Louise FranCoise.
The same goes for me, Princess.
Mr. Familiar...
Me?
Please do your best tomorrow.
Well, you can look forward to it.
Damn you!
Such behavior to the princess!
Why do you always...
Damn it, don't dodge them!
Stay quiet! Damn you, why are you such an idiot?!
Freedom is the best treasure, after all.
Good night.
Princess?
We will now begin the presentation of this year's familiars.
That was Tabitha the Snowy Wind.
Understand?
One bow, and you come back.
Don't you dare try to do anything unnecessary!
After all that you've made me practice, is that it?!
It's all right now.
The Princess already saw what you were really like!
Next up... Miss Louise de La Valliere!
Here goes.
Okay...
Let me introduce you.
This is my familiar, Hiraga Saito.
His type is a...
Go for it, Louise the Zero!
His type is a...
He's a peasant-type?!
That's his social rank!
Just what we expect from Louise the Zero!
She sure meets expectations!
Shut up! Stay quiet and watch!
Let's go, Derf!
Saito?
Go? Where are we going?
Hey, don't you realize the situation we're in?
Like I know!
You're the one who drew me all of a sudden!
What's up with that? He's arguing with his own sword!
Oh, darling, everything you do is strange and wonderful.
All of you, watch closely!
I'll show you some elegant swordsmanship now...
Let go!
This is the worst.
Let go! That hurts, you're too strong!
To think that this fixture magic was so sturdy...
If that's the case...
Then we will now begin the judging.
I have no time left.
I thought a physical shock would do the trick.
I told you, nothing more than a bow!
But they were all cracking up.
You just made a fool of yourse...
Golem?!
What is this?
Is this also someone's familiar?
No, this is...
You're out of luck!
Look out!
Now, I would like to announce this year's grand prize winner...
Saito!
Louise! Run!
Let go of Saito!
What are you doing?! I'm telling you to run away from here!
In Ex...
You're wasting your time!
Louise! Hurry up and run! Bet... Flame...
Fireball!
Hey, did you just hear something?
To think that my Verdande was not chosen...
It was Tabitha's Sylpheed after all.
Well, that was an adequate choice.
It was an amazing familiar.
If you don't mind, may we see it fly one more time?
Are you trying to kill me?!
Shut up! It was only a small mistake!
What part of that was a fireball?
The wall?
That magic just now?
Let go of Saito!
Listen to me! I'm serious this time!
Stop it! I'm telling you to run!
In any case, this is a lucky break for me.
Go, Golem!
What is it?!
Protect the Royal Highness!
Golem!
I thank you for this!
Saito...
The Staff of Destruction has been transferred into my hands.
Fouquet the Sculptor.
She got us.
No signs of the thief have been found.
All we found was an earthen clod.
What a catastrophe!
To think that the vault would be broken into...
That's a surprise. That it was that Fouquet the Sculptor...
Hey, Tabitha, did you see her face?
She hid her face.
Is that so? How boring.
To control such a large golem,
there's no doubt that she was a Triangle-class mage.
Well, in any case, since both of us survived, it's all right.
That's not how things go!
I am so glad both of you were safe!
Princess!
I am terribly sorry!
The Palace's treasure...
It was not your responsibility, Louise FranCoise.
Even so...
Princess, please hurry.
I must report this incident to the Palace.
I will see you in the near future,
Louise, Mr. Familiar.
I just hope the princess doesn't have to take responsibility for this.
Responsibility? Just because a thief came when she was visiting?
I've been hearing bad rumors about the Palace recently.
Not that worrying about any of it does me any good...
Hey, Louise... Can I ask you something?
What?
When I got caught, why didn't you escape to safety?
You're an idiot.
A mage who forsakes her familiar is not a real mage.
As if I were under a real magic spell
A bright smile is burnt onto my heart
But each time I see you, I give you a pointy, cold shoulder
Why do I act mean towards the one that I think about the most?
My true feelings, the shards of loneliness
In the deepest part of my heart, I'm calling for you
For the day to start from zero
Saito! Why are you so spaced out?!
Come on, we're heading out!
We're going to go capture that thief Fouquet, of course!
