My hometown, where I was born, is a city surrounded by mountains -
neither too large nor too small, neither too rural nor urban.
There's nothing special about it to appeal to tourists.
I'm the middle of three children,
brought up by parents neither rich nor poor
who didn't pay much attention to me.
I'm a high school student
about to graduate from just your normal girls' high school.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Tokyo?
Yeah. From next week.
It's not a business trip?
I'm being transferred.
The head office needs me to go immediately.
- Give me a break. - But...
I can't have this. But wait.
Tokyo is only two hours away by bullet train.
Besides, I only see him once in a while anyway.
It's gonna be lonely not being able to see you, Nana.
I had lots of fun until now. Thank you.
That happened on the seventh month of 1999...
minus four months,
when the terrible Demon Lord fell from the sky, aiming for me.
I knew that this love had no future.
But for it to end so suddenly... so easily...
It's so stupid, I can't even cry about it.
But you ARE crying!
But... Jun-chan!
I warned you not to get involved.
Nothing good comes out of a high school student involved in adultery.
Don't say adultery! Makes it sound like lyrics to some country song!
Then prostitution?
I've never asked for as much as a penny from Mr. Asano!
You idiot! You should've gotten as much from him as you could.
So he did it with you and fled.
Jun-chan! Did it and fled?
I'm joking, Nana.
I know you were really serious about that guy.
Jun-chan...
But from his perspective, you were just an easy teenage girl.
Easy?! What makes you think I'm easy?
Many older guys look at all high school students as easy.
Mr. Asano's not one of them!
From a high school girl's perspective,
if he's wearing a suit, he's one of the many older guys.
Why is it that nothing goes right for me?
It's my name, Nana. It's bad luck.
It means seven, the number that appears in a Nostradamus prophecy,
so it's gotta be cursed.
No, even if your name was Eight,
I'm sure he'd still go to Tokyo.
I've decided. I'm going.
Huh? To Tokyo?
No, to the beauty parlor that just opened at the station.
I'm gonna change my hairdo so the next time I fall in love,
I won't be looked at as an easy teenage girl.
B-But we're graduating today,
so you'll no longer be looked at as an easy high school girl.
No way! The graduation ceremonies have started, Jun-chan!
Oh, no!
Thinking back, it would not be an exaggeration to say
my high school years started with love and ended with love.
I entered an all-girl high school believing I'd never find a crush,
until I fell in love with Mr. Okamoto, the art class teacher. It was love at first sight.
I joined the art club with Jun-chan, my classmate and best friend.
He-heh! That's well drawn. I joined the art club with Jun-chan, my classmate and best friend.
I joined the art club with Jun-chan, my classmate and best friend.
Thanks to that, I became fond of drawing pictures,
She's talented in drawing. Thanks to that, I became fond of drawing pictures,
Thanks to that, I became fond of drawing pictures,
but one year later, he moved to a different high school.
I even had my hair done to resemble yours. but one year later, he moved to a different high school.
I even had my hair done to resemble yours.
My next encounter was fashionable Mr. Nakamura,
who was working at the neighborhood video rental store.
One day, I built up the courage to talk to him,
Make me your girlfriend. One day, I built up the courage to talk to him,
Same hairstyle. Make me your girlfriend. One day, I built up the courage to talk to him,
Same hairstyle. Make me your girlfriend. but he coldly brushed me aside.
but he coldly brushed me aside.
Miss Customer, I cannot do that. but he coldly brushed me aside.
Miss Customer, I cannot do that.
Then it was cool Mr. Kawasaki,
a co-worker at the restaurant I worked at part time.
And then the refreshing Mr. Yoshida who delivered my pizza.
But despite all these encounters, none of them ever led to a relationship.
I was convinced that I wasn't attractive enough,
and went on a diet.
It wasn't long after I was lecturing myself
to first get to know a person better before falling in love, when...
That was the start of summer during my senior year.
I finally met him.
Hey, what's the matter? Are you all right?
Excuse me. I'm fine.
You face is very pale!
Takashi Asano, 29 years old.
Thinking back, he might've been using a fake name and lying about his age.
It was love at first sight.
A diet?
Yes. That's why I've been getting these dizzy spells.
There's no need for you to go on a diet.
You're cute as you are.
I'm cute?
Do you come to the movies alone often?
Yes! Um, I love movies.
And I really like going to the movies on my own.
Sure. I understand. It's the same for me.
But I wouldn't mind going with you.
Well then, I should be going.
Since you seem to be feeling better now.
Um, I'd like to return the favor in some way.
Don't worry about it.
It's already late, so be careful on your way home.
He's cool, he's kind, and he's a gentleman.
He's perfect!
Um!
I'm working part time at a restaurant near here.
I'd be thrilled if you would drop by some time.
To thank you, let me treat you to something.
Two weeks passed, but he never came.
My longing for him kept getting stronger.
Then, on that one day,
when I left the restaurant after finishing work...
He was outside waiting for me. The moment I saw him standing there,
I fell so deeply in love, there was no way my feelings could be stopped.
I noticed the ring on his ring finger right away,
but decided to ignore it.
I was really in love with him and I believed he loved me too.
But about the only thing I knew about him was his cell number.
I didn't know where he lived or where he worked.
We could only meet two, three times a month,
and our dates would always be the same.
A drive, then straight to the hotel - a low risk course of being seen.
But like a fool, I still convinced myself that he loved me.
If our relationship had continued,
I'm certain my youthful days would've gone down the drain.
I've decided to think positively
and believe I was fortunate to have been able to break up with him.
The local art school I'll be going to starting this spring is coed,
so I'll be doing my best with my studies
while keeping my expectations high for a wonderful encounter.
Graduate representative, Nana Komatsu.
In other words you're here to meet guys, right?
You're wrong, Jun-chan!
I'm here because I seriously wanna study art!
That's good.
Because there's no way the guys would be interested in you with that hair.
No way!
You know, there's one major thing I realized.
The guys I liked have all been older than me.
And that's major?
Perhaps things never went well because they were older.
There are many guys in this school who are the same age,
so we could have more in common, opening the door to a love relationship.
She did come here to meet guys.
In any case, stay away from love at first sight.
Our eyes met.
Me and that boy with pretty eyes.
What?
Why's he coming this way?!
Junko!
You're Junko, right?
Shoji?
That's right. It's me, Shoji!
You've got longer hair. I didn't recognize you.
It's been so long.
Since we graduated junior high, so three years?
So, what are you doing here? What a drag.
Yet another noisy one? Enough already!
Oh, your friend?
She's noisy?
A friend from high school, but she's as noisy as it gets.
What's your name?
I'm Nana Komatsu. Nice to meet you.
I'm Shoji Endo. A pleasure.
He's got a great smile!
I'm here with a friend from high school, too.
Nice to meet you. I'm Kyosuke Takakura.
He's good-looking too.
The start of a happy campus life. Right, Jun-chan?
What's that about a campus life?
We're not university students, just students of a specialty school.
I'm sorry. But not to worry.
I know, Jun-chan, Shoji's your trump card.
I'll make sure not to take him from you.
Trump card? You're greatly misunderstanding something.
I'm just concerned about your ever-worsening lack of fidelity.
Shoji is nothing more than a friend to me.
Liar! If you were in the same class with a good-looking guy like that,
there's no way you wouldn't have a crush on him.
I'm not the same as you!
I had many guy friends back in junior high,
but I didn't go around falling in love with them.
Many guy friends? I see.
Come to think of it, I've never had a guy friend. Why?
Because you see men as male species rather than a fellow human being.
I see. That makes sense. So I need to see them as human...
Okay, I've decided! I'm becoming friends with Shoji!
Huh?
Is becoming friends something you make a determination to do?
If I don't make that determination to be friends,
I might fall in love with him.
Well, if you fall in love, you just fall in love.
But in your case,
it might be good experience to start as friends.
Thank you, Jun-chan! I'll do my best!
Best at what?
Hello!
Oh, Shoji?
No!
- That'll be fine. Then come over. - I don't hafta become excited.
- Nana's here, too. - We're just friends.
Hello!
Thanks for having us.
Wow, such a cool room!
You've got it made, living on your own even though you're from this city.
But my home is far from the school.
I live far from here, too.
You're just too lonely
to live away from your grandmother, aren't you, Shoji?
Actually, that's true.
Where do you live, Mr. Takakura?
Close to here.
Where exactly?
Behind the convenience store.
- That is close. About a five-minute walk? - Friends, friends...
You're really quiet, Nana.
I thought you were noisy. Might you be the shy type?
No, that is not the issue here.
Oh no! What was that? That's odd language to a friend.
Oh, perhaps you're nervous around guys because you went to a girls' school.
It is definitely not that.
Nana had a boyfriend until recently.
Jun-chan!
What's wrong?
The more you tell them about yourself, the quicker we get to know each other.
So, let's make a toast.
I see. They're guy friends, so I should disclose more.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
I should get drunk fast. That way, I won't feel as nervous.
Then after that, the next love at first sight
was refreshing Mr. Yoshida, the pizza delivery guy.
- Refreshing Yoshida? - But he was really refreshing!
His smile was totally refreshing!
Hey, keep it down, you two over there! You've had too much to drink.
You know, I gained three kilos for him because I kept ordering pizza.
Yeah?
But suddenly, maybe he quit his job, he stopped coming.
I got fat for nothing!
That's funny! Nana, you're the best!
Nana, don't drink anymore!
It's okay. She's amusing.
So, what's next? Who was next?
The next person was...
So there's still more?!
The next person was...
The man whose name I didn't know.
I thought I'd never see you again.
I never asked you your name.
Takashi Asano.
Stop.
That name can't be his real name, anyway.
Nana?
Does she cry when she's drunk?
Hey, hey, what's the matter, all of a sudden?
No!
Nana! Sorry, Shoji. Don't worry about it.
Jun-chan!
Come on, Nana. You had too much to drink.
Don't touch me! You don't really love me.
Don't touch me.
Junko.
I should be getting back.
I don't wanna miss the last train.
Oh right, you live far from here.
Also, Kyosuke's fallen asleep. You mind if I just leave him there?
No. I don't care.
Thanks. Bye.
You know, Shoji.
You don't have a girlfriend, do you?
Have you fallen in love with me, Junko?
What's with that face?!
I had five, maybe ten girlfriends easy during high school!
I just happen to not have one right now.
I knew it. You came here today to see Nana, didn't you?
But Nana hates me. She said no...
I don't believe she does.
Her first words after seeing you that first time were adorable and cool guy.
She kept talking about you.
No way!
Well, good luck with her.
What's that supposed to mean?
Where am I?
My head hurts! What's this?
Oh, that's right, I'm at Jun-chan's place.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
Shoji and Kyosuke brought beer, and we made a toast, and then...
I can't remember much but I think we were having fun.
Oww!
But I stayed over without calling home.
I'm in trouble.
Jun-chan, do you have something for headaches?
Well, how should I put it,
we spent the night talking and found that we really get along, and you know...
It just seemed like the appropriate thing.
Why is she making excuses?
Well, I really liked Junko from the moment I saw her.
Way to go, Kyosuke!
You said it! Falling in love is not about logic!
Nana, you're the expert on love at first sight, after all?
Huh? Expert? Why do you know?
Jun-chan, you gossip!
You told them yourself! Don't you remember?!
No way!
Look at the time.
I'm going home to get changed and then go to school.
Nana, you'll be late for class if you go home now.
Want me to lend you something to wear?
I told them? What did I tell them, and how much detail?
Well, you started with Okamoto the art class teacher,
then Nakamura of the video shop, Kawasaki the cook
and Yoshida the pizza boy.
You were making a joke out of it all.
No way. I did that?
But Nana, I'm guessing
you still haven't been able to forget Mr. Asano.
That's not true. I forgot about him.
If I'm making a joke outta him...
No, you cried.
When you started to talk about him,
you broke down in tears and stopped talking.
Say, Nana, what about Shoji? If you like him, I'll help.
Jun-chan, are you feeling bad because you got together with Kyosuke?
That's not it.
Shoji is a really nice guy,
so I think he'd be loyal to his girlfriend.
He'd treat you with great care, Nana. I guarantee it.
Jun-chan!
If you were a guy, Jun-chan, I'd definitely be your girlfriend.
No way! I seriously won't wanna go out with you.
But it's all right. I was able to become good friends with Shoji.
Huh?
Shoji's an important guy friend.
It would be a waste to make him a mere boyfriend.
Mere boyfriend?
Junko! Nana!
Good morning!
Thank goodness, you look fine today, Nana-chan.
I'm feeling super-fine.
I had a hangover headache
but with a little medication, the pain's gone.
When did you go home, Shoji?
- She's taken charge of the conversation! - I got on the last train.
I can't sleep unless my grandma sings me a lullaby.
Really?!
Well, never mind.
A movie?
Yeah. You said that you like movies, right?
If you're free this Sunday, maybe we could catch a movie together...
No.
I prefer going to the movies on my own.
Having a friend sit beside me is so distracting.
Yes, I understand.
It's the same for me.
Ouch!
Infirmary
Infirmary Won't you ever forgive me, Demon Lord?!
Won't you ever forgive me, Demon Lord?!
Demon Lord?
The lord of all fears. I've been cursed.
What's that supposed to mean?
You were just clumsy. Here, give me your hand.
- Ow, ow, ow, stop it! - We've gotta do this.
- It's too painful! - Or it'll get infected and hurt a lot more.
It will hurt more?
I'm guessing you still haven't been able to forget Mr. Asano.
Not only can't I forget him,
it's like an infection spreading, Jun-chan.
It gets worse as time goes by.
The more I look back on the memories,
the more I start thinking that every move of his was a lie.
The pain's so bad, I feel that I'm gonna faint.
At this rate, my body's gonna rot.
No way!
Calm down! Your hand will be okay.
The wound will heal quickly.
Thank you. You're so kind, Shoji.
Hey, don't mention it.
Yeah, maybe I'm a little kind.
Say, Shoji, what should I do to heal a broken heart?
A broken heart?
I think the only way is to find a new love!
What do you think?
I agree.
Nana...
Okay, I've decided!
Shoji, where in the city do the fashionable young people hang out?
Young people?
Yes, youngsters not wearing suits and stuff.
At the arcade, maybe?
No way. There are also kids and older guys there.
And it's not at all fashionable.
Then maybe a club.
Bingo!
I will fall in love.
I'm gonna find new love.
I'll stop crying over a love that has already vanished.
I should fall in love.
I'll fall in love over and over again,
and throw this pathetic side of me into darkness!
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
