Grade 1, Class 3 Nana Komatsu
Grade 1, Class 3 Nana Komatsu I am straying from the subject, but please bear with me.
Grade 1, Class 3 Nana Komatsu
Ever since I was a child,
my dream was to become a beautiful bride.
There was really nothing else that I truly wanted to be.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Wedding funds?!
That's right.
Listen, a wedding is a major event, so it's gonna cost money.
So a bit at a time, I had saved money for that special day.
It's not easy for a parent with three daughters, you know.
So why are you suddenly depositing such important funds
into my account?
Well, you eloped, didn't you?
Huh?!
I'm home.
Hey, Nami.
- Where have you been - Mom.
- until this hour? - Mom!
I was at, like, a karaoke bar.
- Come on! - Mom!
Can't you at least call
- if you're gonna be late?! - Mom!
Hello, Nana?
Mom, what makes you think I eloped?!
Hello, Sis?
Nami?
How are you? How's life in Tokyo treating you?
How are things with your boyfriend?
Nami! It's you, isn't it?
You're the one giving Mom strange ideas, aren't you?
What? Not really.
All I said was you had gone to Tokyo to live with a guy.
You're wrong!
There's no need to hide it. I envy you.
You get to have sex every day, right?
Goodness, will you watch what you say?
Go on and take a bath.
Huh? But I wanna talk some more.
- Y-Young women - I took a bath already.
- today will - Where?
- talk about s-sex - That hurt!
- in front of their parents? - You kicked me!
Hello, Nana?
- Anyway, you're legally an adult now, - This sucks. I should've
- so do whatever you wish - applied to a university
- with that money. - in Tokyo, too.
Just don't get divorced and come running home.
D-Divorced?!
Don't cause me any more trouble than you already have. Bye.
Mom?
This is no laughing matter!
I thought she would ask me to return home
because she was worried or something.
But don't come running home? Would a parent say that?
I'm not even married yet!
Way to go, Natsuko! What a cool mother!
Are you drunk, Nana?
No, I'm not drunk.
Why even ask?
I'm back. I bought you cigarettes, Nana.
You've had a few, I see.
I love you!
I get it. So don't jump on me.
Wh-What about Nobu and Shin?
Yeah.
Nobu passed out on the sidewalk, so Shin took him home.
I-I see. Nobu was drinking a lot, after all.
That Shin. Surprisingly, he just doesn't get drunk.
Is it only water to him?
Don't fall asleep.
Give me a break.
Come on, Nana.
It's the first time I saw Nana with her guard down and drunk like that.
She's kinda cute.
She must be really happy that Yasu has come.
She even kissed him in the mix of things.
And on top of that, telling him I love you?
But it wasn't as if Yasu was at all surprised by it.
Those two could be dating, after all.
What are they doing with the door open?
Oh, sorry, Nana.
Having you clean up all by yourself. Let me help you.
It's okay. I just have to rinse.
Then give me a towel. I'll wipe the dishes.
Yasu is a great guy.
He doesn't look it, but he's kind, considerate, and reliable,
but doesn't brag.
And he's a lawyer too.
If I were to marry someone, I'd prefer a guy like him.
What am I thinking? Yasu belongs to Nana.
Come to think of it, I have Shoji.
Oh, are you done?
Thanks for doing the dishes. I'll be on my way.
Huh?
Thanks for the meal.
Where are you going?
I think I'll stay in a hotel until I find my own place.
Shin's at Nobu's place so it's kinda crowded there.
Why not stay here?
Right. Thank you. But I'll hafta decline the offer.
There's no reason you should hafta decline!
Yeah, but it wouldn't be right. Good night.
Why?
I don't understand.
Although she was drunk, Nana was being so sweet.
Why is Yasu always so stoic?
Could he have a girlfriend back home?
Playing in a band and all, he's probably popular with the women.
Still, even if he does have a girlfriend back home
she can't be that important to him since he left her to come here.
Shoji left me, too!
But it's not the same with Shoji.
He's treated me with great care since long ago.
Besides, I'm here now because he asked me to come.
I decided on my own to go after him and come here!
Well, you eloped, didn't you?
Just don't get divorced and come running home.
You're wrong, Mom. I came here on my own.
Let's live together, Nana.
It's all right. It's all right.
Shoji said that to me.
If I wanted to marry,
he'd accept me as his bride anytime.
I wonder.
Living together and getting married is somewhat different, I think.
Besides, Shoji just started studying at the university,
so he won't graduate for another four years.
And he's just as broke as I am.
A wedding is a major event, so it's gonna cost money.
She's right. I'm not interested in a cheap wedding.
I wanna wear a traditional white wedding kimono. She's right. I'm not interested in a cheap wedding.
I wanna wear a traditional white wedding kimono. I've got to wear cute bridal wear.
I've got to wear cute bridal wear.
And a wedding dress. I've got to wear cute bridal wear.
I don't wanna live in low-income housing
or a one bedroom apartment.
If possible, a detached home with a yard would be nice.
Or at least, a brand new condominium.
I hafta save money!
I'll try not to use the 300,000 yen my mom sent me,
and keep it in my bank account.
And I'll save more on my own, too.
If I keep at it, I should have saved up quite an amount
by the time Shoji graduates from university.
Shoji!
I'll get that house with a yard, Shoji. Leave it to me.
Fantasy running wild I'll get that house with a yard, Shoji. Leave it to me.
My head hurts!
Shit. I shouldn't have agreed to work today.
Hachi! Medicine!
Hachi!
Aren't you home?!
Oh, good morning, Nana.
What's with that outfit?
I have a job interview.
I gave them a call and they told me to come right away.
How do I look? Will this do?
Work? What kind?
A publisher.
What?!
Are you all right? Do you have a hangover, Nana?
I've got some medicine that'll work for that.
A publisher?
Can someone like you get into a place like that?
But I do meet their conditions to apply.
The ad says they're looking for someone who can do errands.
Besides, it's a small company I've never heard of,
so I'm sure it'll be fine.
You sure about that?
I just hope this place isn't going bankrupt anytime soon.
Let me get you some water.
Let me get you, she says.
She's even changed her speech pattern to match the outfit.
But why a publisher, suddenly?
I just happened to come across it in the classifieds.
The salary's good and I get two days off every week.
Also, since I'm living in Tokyo,
I'd like to commute to the downtown.
Doesn't working for a publisher sound super cool?
It has the ring of a successful woman.
Ring of a successful woman?
But I am glad you've decided to look for your next job.
I thought you saying you wanted to live on your own
was all talk and no action.
But now I see you were serious.
Well, not really.
The only reason I decided to work is simply because I want money.
But regardless of what my true intentions are,
if I get into a sound company and work hard,
it'll eventually give me the skills and ability to live on my own.
That's killing two birds with one stone.
By the way, where's Yasu?
Yasu said he'll be staying at a hotel until he finds a place to live, and left.
I tried to stop him, but...
Is that so.
Is that so?!
I'll be going now.
We'll be practicing at the usual studio tonight.
Can you make it too, Hachi?
Mhm. I have no plans this evening.
Then come!
From tonight, Yasu will be playing the drums,
so it's gonna be far better than anything you've heard so far.
Sure!
That Nana. She really is in a good mood.
Her good mood is rubbing off on me, it's making me excited.
But yeah.
They now have all the band members they need.
All they have to do now is head towards their dreams full force.
All right! I'll do my best, too!
Shoji!
Hey, Junko! Long time no see.
Well, yeah. It's the first time I've run into you on campus.
Are you coming to school like you should?
That's not nice. I am seriously attending classes.
Shoji. I'll go on ahead. Should I cover for you?
Ah, sure. Well... no.
Which is it?! Make up your mind, will ya?!
Use your wise judgment!
All right.
So is that the rumored Sachiko?
No! Ah, what's this about a rumor?!
What the hell?! No! Ah, what's this about a rumor?!
No! Ah, what's this about a rumor?!
Wow. You're totally freaking out.
That makes you all the more suspicious.
Give me a break!
That Kyosuke. Telling Junko, of all people...
Let that guy speaking in a Kansai dialect cover for you in class.
In the meantime, you will give me details.
Matsuda.
Have you seen Shoji today? Is he not here?
No. We were together until a moment ago.
But we bumped into a girl he knew.
They wanted to talk, so I left.
Oh?
It's not like that. I doubt that was his girlfriend.
Don't worry.
Matsuda. I don't have special feelings for Shoji.
We're just good friends.
What are you saying? It's more than obvious.
You know, at first I thought you two were dating.
I was really surprised when I heard that Shoji has another girlfriend.
I didn't know either until recently.
To be honest I was a bit surprised.
What do you mean?! Was he hiding it?!
He's the worst!
That's not it!
I assumed on my own that he didn't have one!
Don't cover for him. You're so sweet.
Come on, have a seat, Sachiko.
Forget about Shoji and go out with me.
Sorry, but I'm not attending this class.
Besides, you have a girlfriend back home, don't you, Matsuda?
Shoji told me.
That guy. Going around disclosing other people's secrets and not his.
I'll get you for this, Shoji.
You really are the worst!
I have totally lost respect for you!
I just didn't get a chance to talk about it.
I wasn't necessarily hiding it.
Don't make excuses!
You were planning on two-timing them, weren't you?
Junko! Do you think I'm capable of doing something like that?!
Of course not!
Yet you got greedy and ended up breaking somebody's heart.
You think she's hurt.
Of course she's hurt! Sachiko's in love with you, right?
But maybe I'm just hoping that she is.
She hasn't actually told me that she likes me.
And nothing has changed since.
We still continue seeing each other as no more than friends.
Your intellectual level has remained the same since junior high.
This is nonsense!
Junko!
Don't talk to me like that!
What should I do to make things right?!
You hafta put an end to this.
If you keep spending time with her,
you'll continue hurting her until it becomes unbearable.
But we attend the same classes and we work at the same workplace.
Actually, before you concern yourself with Sachiko,
shouldn't you be thinking about Nana instead?
Huh?
So Sachiko's more important to you than Nana.
That's not true!
I haven't done anything that needs explaining to Nana.
But Nana seems to suspect you and Sachiko.
Huh?!
I heard her mumbling about Sachiko.
She said something about her working for her Demon Lord or something.
Oh. You've got it wrong. That's the virtual Sachiko.
Huh? What do you mean, virtual Sachiko?
I have no idea. In fact, I'd like to know.
You know, Shoji.
I can perfectly understand that you're exhausted being with Nana,
and you look for comfort through Sachiko.
Comfort?!
That's it, Junko. That's exactly it.
I feel comfort whenever I'm with Sachiko.
But you knew that Nana's an exhausting woman in that way,
and still you went after her.
So don't run away now. Stick with her diligently!
Of course, that's what I intend to do!
I'm committed in this relationship enough to make Nana my wife.
Eventually I wanna share a grave with her.
You're taking this too far.
You'll never rest in peace
if you die with that believer of the Demon Lord.
Junko! Whose side are you on?!
Neither, really.
You could say, I'm on the side of justice.
What does she mean, justice! She's making fun of me.
This coming from a former delinquent.
One day I'm gonna show everyone pictures of you from junior high.
Why are you here?!
Shoji. Thank goodness. I was looking for you.
Here's the book I borrowed.
I wanted to hurry and return it to you.
Thank you very much.
Ooh. Anytime would've been fine.
You could've even given it to me at work.
You're right. I'm sorry.
No, there's no need to apologize.
So, how long have you been standing here?
I'm sorry! I didn't mean to eavesdrop,
but given the content of the conversation, I just froze.
Never mind that! How long have you been here?!
Of course she's hurt!
Sachiko's in love with you, right?
Shoji! I'm sorry. Are you all right?
Ahh, yeah. Just so we're clear,
I didn't stumble like that to try and make you laugh or anything.
I'm really sorry.
No, Sach... you don't hafta apologize.
I'm the one at fault.
I'm at fault! Bye!
This is bad. This is worse than bad.
What am I gonna do?
I hafta think this through seriously.
If you keep spending time with her,
you'll continue hurting her until it becomes unbearable.
But it would be cowardly
to run away from it like this, right, Koichi Sato?!
Huh?
Nothing. I'm talking to myself.
What do you mean? After calling a person by his full name.
Besides, Shoji, I thought you had class today.
If you're already cutting class
to come here and drink at this early hour,
I'd say your future isn't looking too good.
That's right. What am I doing here at Jackson's?
I see. So this is what escaping from one's troubles is like.
Then I'm already running away.
So Sachiko's more important to you than Nana.
You're wrong!
Koichi Sato, I'm going to work!
I'm gonna break ties with her!
I do what I can to be buried in the same grave with Nana!
Ever since I first met her,
I was planning not to hang out with her much.
So what am I doing, feeling comforted by her?
That's exactly what the Demon Lord wants.
It won't happen.
I definitely won't betray Nana.
Why do you change into your sneakers, Miss Kawamura?
Because I have to run for the last train.
Right, that makes sense.
Sorry to keep you. Let's hurry.
Wait, Sachiko!
I have to talk to you about something.
Don't make such a face.
I won't look at her face.
I'll talk as we walk, so will you please listen?
If we miss the last train, I'll pay for a taxi.
So, how am I supposed to end this?
What am I to tell her? How?
She's my friend and not my girlfriend to start with.
So asking her to break up with me would be odd.
Do I say we're no longer friends?
But why should I have to say that?
Sachiko hasn't done anything wrong.
Or rather, she's a really great girl.
What am I doing?
Anyway, I must say something.
You know!
Sorry. I'm really sorry.
You've done nothing wrong, Shoji.
I jumped to conclusions on my own and got carried away.
I will be careful not to interfere.
I will never interfere in your relationship with your girlfriend.
So... please. Can't we at least be friends?
Don't ask me to end this.
That's strange.
Huh?
Shoji should be done with work,
but I get his answering service.
I wonder if he forgot to switch it on.
I want to hurry and tell him that I got a new job.
He's probably cheating on you.
Shoji wouldn't do such a thing!
I'll send him an email.
I wonder what kinda company would hire a woman like you?
They must really be understaffed.
But you know, I'll learn the job while doing errands,
and if I am fully capable, they'll hire me permanently.
So I'll do my best.
Wow. You seem awfully motivated.
If I work hard I will get a bonus,
which will get me a step closer to buying a detached house with a yard.
A detached house with a yard? Is that your dream?
Yup! A great big dream!
Then I'll build you a home with the money I get from my songs.
Huh?
But your room will be the doghouse.
If Nana was a guy, she would be the love of my life.
Back then, I often thought that.
However, if that were the case,
I doubt we would've been left with only happy memories.
Because love and pain go hand in hand.
The deeper you fall, the more painful it gets.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
