What should I do?
Oh, you don't have to do anything.
You can go home. We're done for today.
It looks like our Haruhi-esque activities are done for the day.
She was able to get her hands on all of this stuff,
and with the kind of skill that could even get an experienced negotiator to lean left.
On top of that, it all cost nothing. In other words, it was free.
There's nothing scarier than something that's free.
The problem is that Haruhi isn't scared at all.
Actually, if there is something that would scare Haruhi, please, let me know.
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
Doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo That's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BOY kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
Tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
Jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
Kudaranai yarikara kette Kick away the boring ways of doing things,
subete wa atashi ga kimeru I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin And just keep going forward, no matter what
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) The idea of impossible
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
Mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
Hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want
Marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
Marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
What's all that? Presents for good little kids?
What, this? Of course not.
Oh, model guns. I didn't know you were into those.
I'm not. These are Haruhi's.
Huh, Suzumiya's... Well, it must be tough.
By the way.
What?
Well, the school festival is coming soon, right?
What are you guys going to do this time?
Why ask me?
I don't think I'd get a serious response if I asked Suzumiya.
Nagato wouldn't say anything if I asked her,
and Miss Asahina won't come near me.
And the other guy... is kind of creepy.
That's why I'm asking you.
What, am I the P.R. Rep now, or am I just a nice guy?
It's the latter, definitely.
I mean, you seem like the kind of guy that will stick with someone,
even if you know that the path you're taking is leading to a cliff.
I'm hurt. Fine, I won't tell you when I find out, then.
Hey!
Even I know that what awaits us at the end of Haruhi's little path
is going to be pointless.
But it isn't just Haruhi and me walking down that path.
There are at least three others coming along with us.
I'm sure two of them would be fine if left to their own devices,
but Miss Asahina would be in danger.
For someone from the future, she sure doesn't seem to be able
to predict any of the problems that might happen to her.
It's obvious to me that I have to protect her.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya II It's obvious to me that I have to protect her.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya II
Hurry up and get undressed! I'll help.
O-Oh no, please, don't pull-
Come on!
Come in.
Well?
It really suits her, oddly enough.
I thought that it was of Caean make or something.
Hello!
Oh, excuse me.
Oh my. That looks quite good on you.
You can tell that just by looking at her.
What I can't tell is why there's a waitress in here,
since this isn't a cafe or anything.
Well, you see...
Mikuru is going to wear this costume in the movie!
Is her usual maid outfit not good enough?
Of course not.
A maid is a person that gives private service to someone in a mansion somewhere.
But waitresses are different.
They work at restaurants where they provide their services to the public.
That's no reason to put Miss Asahina in this outfit.
Never mind the details! This is just a question of atmosphere.
And it's fine with me!
Even if it's fine with you, is it fine with Miss Asahina?
Umm...
T-This feels like it's a bit small for me...
S-So, you see...
It's all right! This is just right. It's like a perfect fit.
It's no use. She's made her decision.
In other words, this is our movie's concept!
I decided to dedicate myself to entertainment
as the representative director for the SOS Brigade!
Just watch! We'll get a standing ovation, we'll leave no one in their seats!
Director Just watch! We'll get a standing ovation, we'll leave no one in their seats!
Yuki! You understand, don't you! That's it!
I don't know if that's it.
It looks like her costume for her class's fortune telling.
Based on the answers Nagato gave to Haruhi's rapid-fire questions,
that seems to be the case.
In any case, what was she up to, walking here like that?
That costume is perfect for the role I have in mind.
What do you mean, perfect?
This!
Is... is this my fault?
Mikuru - Fighting waitress from the future Koizumi - Teenage esper Yuki - Evil alien Is... is this my fault?
Mikuru - Fighting waitress from the future Koizumi - Teenage esper Yuki - Evil alien
How can I put this?
It's really the kind of casting I'd expect from you, Miss Suzumiya.
It's wonderful.
Don't smile at me. I'll turn to stone.
I'm sorry...
Okay, Kyon! Get those guns ready to be used by the end of the day.
We're going to start shooting tomorrow, after all.
Oh, you have to learn how to handle a camera, got it?
Do you think we're going to have any particular problems?
Have we ever NOT had any problems with anything she's done?
Don't make me laugh.
Well, it's not really a laughing matter, but it's not a reason to despair, either.
How do you know that?
Because those are movie roles.
There's no way that Miss Suzumiya actually believes that I'm a teenage esper.
The Itsuki Koizumi that I'm set to play in the fiction of the movie
is an esper, that's all.
No one actually mixes up an actor with the character they play in a movie, right?
Even if there are people who do, Miss Suzumiya is not one of them.
That still doesn't make me feel better.
There's no proof that what you're saying is true.
If she was the kind of person that would mix up the real world with fiction,
then our world would already be a much more fantastic place.
I've said this before, but Miss Suzumiya
actually has a fairly realistic way of thinking.
I know that. I've been pulled into numerous odd situations
because her realistic way of thinking sort of ambles into her godlike existence.
Brigade leader
Brigade leader On top of that, Haruhi doesn't know she's doing it.
We can't show Miss Suzumiya any proof of this, of course.
There might come a time where we have to, but this is not that time.
Thankfully, Miss Asahina and Miss Nagato are in agreement with us.
I'd be okay if things stayed this way forever, though.
So would I. I don't want to see the world go to pieces.
I think you should be more worried about yourself than the world.
There are replacements for myself and Miss Nagato,
but there's no understudy for you.
For the school festival Practice file 3
Feh, what's the big deal about the school festival? It pisses me off.
Why?
I'm not having any fun at all,
so the people who are having fun are a real eyesore.
Especially couples, they fill me with murderous intent.
Isn't that just you resenting them?
And what's with our class? A survey? ! How stupid.
Then you should have come up with an idea.
If you had, then maybe Haruhi wouldn't have come up with this movie idea.
As if. There's no way I'd let them push me into doing more.
That's true. If only Miss Asakura were still here.
It really sucked to have a double A-plus class girl leave.
I wonder if they'd let me change classes now.
Which class would you want to go to? Maybe Miss Nagato's class?
Oh yeah, I saw her walking around in some kind of magician outfit yesterday.
What was that all about?
Who knows? I sure don't.
Hm, when was it that I saw you and Nagato in the classroom in each other's arms?
Well, you see...
I know, it was something Suzumiya cooked up, right?
What? Y-Yeah...
This was an attempt to freak me out, right? Nice try, but no dice. Taniguchi misunderstanding what happened is a load off of my shoulders...
This was an attempt to freak me out, right? Nice try, but no dice.
This was an attempt to freak me out, right? Nice try, but no dice. Thanks, Taniguchi. Your stupidity will save the world.
Thanks, Taniguchi. Your stupidity will save the world.
Man, but this is boring.
Okay, everyone! We're heading to the first location!
This is sudden.
I looked for a good place around the school,
but it looks like we have no choice but to go someone else nearby.
Mikuru, get ready.
A-Am I going, too?
Of course. We can't do anything without the lead.
B-But... in this outfit?
Yup, that's right.
C-Could I at least wear a jacket over this?
No! It's because you think you're embarrassed that you get all nervous.
At this rate, we'll never be able to get a Golden Globe!
Weren't we trying to get best of the festival for the school festival?
Oh, yeah, Yuki!
Take this!
I've changed your role, so now you're an evil alien witch!
And she's already screwing with the script!
Well, it is true that Nagato's powers seem like magic.
Come on, Kyon, get the camera ready!
Okay, let's get going!
All together!
It looks like she's serious.
What the?
Hey, Haruhi.
You don't intend to make these two get on the train in these outfits, do you?
- Is there a problem with that? - Of course there is!
Why? They might get arrested if they were buck naked,
but they're wearing clothes, right?
Oh, would the bunny girl outfit have been better?
You should have said so earlier.
I don't think that's something that someone who went to the trouble
of getting a waitress outfit should be saying!
Wait, didn't you say that her being a waitress was part of the movie's concept?
What's most important right now is adaptability.
That's how all living things on the Earth have managed to evolve, right?
If you just idly stand by, you're going to get left behind!
If the environment was sentient,
then Haruhi would have been thrown out of the atmosphere by now.
Oh, the train's here!
Come on, Mikuru! Get going already!
We're here, as promised!
Oh, good work.
Ah, is this the girl from the day before yesterday? I didn't recognize her.
Okay, I'm counting on you.
Roger that!
All right, everyone.
We're going to have a quick meeting, so gather around.
We're going to be shooting a commercial!
What?
Ohmori Electronics
T-This shop is...
The manager is a really good person. And he's a nice guy.
Umm... They've been around since current owner Eijirou's grandfather.
You can find anything from batteries to refrigerators here.
Umm... well...
In any case, please come by Ohmori Electronics!
Okay, cut!
Hmm, I just don't feel the emotion...
I wonder why that is...
Mama, what's that?
Shh, you mustn't look.
I've got it!
For the love of God, please don't get anything else!
It doesn't make sense for a waitress to be at an electronics store.
That's it!?
Koizumi, hand me the small bag over there!
Yes, ma'am.
Let me have a camera, and I'll put a commercial for your store in my movie.
Sure thing.
That's probably the conversation Haruhi had with the owner in five seconds.
Mikuru, come here a second.
Oh my. It doesn't look like I'll have any lines in this part.
Actually, I'm one of the actors in my class's stage production, too.
I'm having quite a hard time remembering all of the lines.
Oh really.
I'd prefer it if my role for this was light on lines, but...
How about if you take the lead role?
Haruhi's the one controlling the casting.
Ask her if you want to switch.
Do you really think that I could do something as frightening as that?
These are Miss Suzumiya's orders after all,
and I'd rather not imagine what would await me if I disobeyed them.
I'd rather not, either. That's why I'm sitting here as the cameraman.
And we're back!
It's Miss Asahina's first costume from a while back.
A perfect bunny girl.
Oh yeah, that was over half a year ago.
Now that I think about it, quite a bit happened then.
Right now, they're fond memories...
As if!
Okay, this is perfect!
A bunny girl really is the best fit for introducing a product.
Okay, we're going to take it from the top!
Kyon, get the camera ready!
All right, this is take two!
And so, the commercial for the electronics store was finished.
There's one thing you need to remember, though.
There was one other sponsor that we visited last time.
Yamatsuchi Model Shop
All right. Okay then, Mikuru.
Do it just like you did at the other store!
There were no problems that time!
Like hell there weren't.
Okay, action!
T-This model shop opened for business last year
after Mr. Keiji Yamatsuchi, age 28, left his corporate job.
It's like his hobbies took over his actions, and he just did it.
And as many thought, sales haven't met expectations...
The first-half earnings this year are down 80 from last year...
So shop as much as you can, everyone!
You want me to hold it?
D-Don't shoot while pointing at people!
Hold off by shooting things like empty cans!
You want me to shoot?
All right, cut!
Today's filming was only so-so.
But tomorrow we're going to start shooting the movie itself.
We've already added fifteen minutes to the movie with the commercials.
How long is the actual movie going to be?
Well, we'll just shoot as much as we can and edit it down later.
These days, it's a snap with a computer.
And who's going to be doing the snapping?
I've got the feeling that editor was one of the things listed under my jobs.
Tomorrow's Saturday, and a day off from school,
so I want everyone to show up!
Be at Kitaguchi Station at nine o'clock!
Hey, Haruhi. Can't you do something about Miss Asahina's outfit?
There has to be a more appropriate outfit for someone who fights.
You know, like a plug suit or a stealth suit or something.
Tsk tsk.
If she wore something like that, there'd be no unpredictability.
The audience will be surprised and go whoa!
Because it's a waitress that's fighting.
Being able to grab the audience is vital!
That's the concept, you know!
I wonder if she understands the meaning of the word concept.
Well, never mind that, then. Why is she here from the future?
Well, that is, you know.
Umm, the character doesn't have to be from the future, right?
It's all right!
We'll figure that out when the time comes!
And if we can't think of something, then we'll just ignore it!
As long as it's amusing, it's fine!
That's only if it's amusing though, right?
It's not much good if only the director finds it amusing!
Are you trying to get the Golden Raspberry award for non-pros?
What are you talking about? There's only one thing we're going for.
That's the best of the festival for the school festival!
And if we can, the Golden Globe, too!
All right, then. At least show me the script. How's it coming along?
No problem!
It's all up here. The script and the storyboards are all ready to go!
You don't have to think about a thing.
Well, that's just great.
You don't need to think about anything, either.
You just need to sit and stare out the window.
As long as you had a pleasant look on your face, you'd be as cute as Miss Asahina.
What?
Nothing.
Okay, everyone. We're going to get fired up!
You need to be idealistic if you want to capture any glory.
When you free yourself of your inhibitions, the latent abilities
within you will awaken, revealing unimaginable powers!
This isn't a counterattack like you'd see in a battle manga, you know...
- It's a balloon! - Oh, you're right.
- It's a balloon! - Oh, you're right. The next morning.
As of today, we've fallen into a strange situation.
No, how can I put this?
What did Haruhi say? Something like,
Mommy, how far will the balloon go? Huh? Huh? What did Haruhi say? Something like,
Mommy, how far will the balloon go? Huh? Huh?
Mommy, how far will the balloon go? Huh? Huh? When you free yourself of your inhibitions, the latent abilities
Well, pretty far. When you free yourself of your inhibitions, the latent abilities
Well, pretty far.
Well, pretty far. Within you will awaken, revealing unimaginable powers!
Within you will awaken, revealing unimaginable powers!
Huh? Pretty far?
Huh? Pretty far? But Haruhi, the one gaining powers won't be you.
But Haruhi, the one gaining powers won't be you.
And you won't even know it.
You're late!
It's not even nine yet.
You're still last. As punishment, you're buying us lunch.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I'll cover the bus fare! It's part of our necessary expenses!
Thanks.
Oh yeah!
I need to put this on...
Why are you wearing your school uniform?
She told me to wear it yesterday.
It's because I'm playing a high school student who has psychic powers.
So you're just playing yourself.
All right, this works!
Okay, the bus stop is this way!
Super Director Okay, the bus stop is this way!
Super Director Come on, Kyon, hurry up!
Come on, Kyon, hurry up!
After thirty minutes of being shaken by the bus
and thirty minutes of walking,
we ended up in a place that would make you ask,
Why did we come to a place no one wants to come to?
Man, it's hot...
Umm...
Would you like some of mine? If you don't mind that it's half-drunk...
Half-drunk? Oh, thank you.
Take care of that later! You too, Mikuru!
There's no time to give our gofer a drink break!
Come on, we're going to start shooting. Get changed!
But...
It's fine! If you go far enough in, you won't run into anyone!
The half-drunk...
- Don't peek. - Right.
Ta-dah! It's a color contact.
Having different colored eyes is pretty important, you know!
One differently colored eye will increase the sense of mystery!
It's symbolic!
And there's a secret in this blue eye of hers!
Well, it'd make no sense for her to just have a differently colored eye.
So? What's the secret?
It's still a secret!
Come on, Mikuru, how long are you going to loaf about?
Hey! Mikuru! Stop being so embarrassed!
You just need to get into your character!
Okay, try running one more time.
It looks like this is our opening sequence, worthy of celebration.
I thought that she'd at least write a script or something,
but Haruhi simply declared that there wasn't one.
We'd be in big trouble if I wrote it down and it got leaked.
That's the reason she gave.
I wonder when this turned into a Hong Kong flick.
Okay! Once more, like you did the third time!
Okay, next up is the fight scene between Mikuru and Yuki!
Mikuru, shoot at Yuki with all you've got!
But didn't they say to not point these at people?
It's all right. There's no way you'll hit her, Mikuru!
And if it looks like she'd get hit, Yuki will be able to dodge it.
It's all right. Fire.
See? She said it's all right! Shoot her up!
Oh yeah, don't fire them at the same time, but one after the other!
That's one of the basics of two-gun fighting!
Yeah. I guess this works.
Hey, Haruhi. How is this a movie? I have no idea what's going on.
That's fine! We'll just cut and paste it together during editing.
And who's going to do that? That cutting and pasting?
At least put in some dialog.
It's fine! If we have to, we'll mute the sound and record the dialog afterwards!
We have to put in sound effects and background music, anyways!
You don't have to think too hard about this!
Even if we wanted to, the story is only in your head,
so there's nothing for us to think about.
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
Subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
Hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
Yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
Kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
Tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
Touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
Nazenara That's because
Basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
Deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
Hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
Doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
Mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
Kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
