We're here.
Keep out
Keep out Doesn't this mean that we shouldn't go in?
Even a grade school kid wouldn't choose this place for a shoot.
Not counting the really crazy ones.
What are you guys doing? Hurry up and climb over.
I forgot that she's really crazy.
Hurry up, Mikuru.
This fence is a bit tall to climb over.
Don't you think so?
Huh, I guess it was pretty old.
Are we supposed to be playing kappa or something?
This lake didn't have a fence around it a long time ago.
People used to fall in a lot.
Thank God they're all so easy-going.
This scene is one where Mikuru is finally backed into a sticky situation.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya IV This scene is one where Mikuru is finally backed into a sticky situation.
This scene is one where Mikuru is finally backed into a sticky situation.
Her blue-eyed beam has been sealed away by Yuki.
Yeah, this looks good. Here, you hold this.
Mikuru, are you ready?
Yes.
- Louder! - Yes!
You have my sympathy.
Okay, here we go. Ready...
Action!
S-Something like this won't make me give up!
Y-Yuki, the bad alien...
Cut!
He is of much precious value.
As part of that, we will first take over the Earth.
Cut!
I-I won't let you do so! I'm willing to risk my life for this!
Cut!
You're starting to get the hang of it, aren't you? Keep it up!
Oh yeah, Mikuru, come here a second.
Yes?
It'd be best for us to get out of here
before we become the talk of the neighborhood, but...
So this is what video cameras are like these days?
Huh... So there's a lot of goofy footage of Mikuru in here?
It's nothing to laugh about.
There's a lot of psychologically damaging stuff in here.
What'll happen if Miss Asahina stops coming to school?
We're back!
And now we're going to get serious about this.
Take a look!
Oh God, what a nightmare.
Are we going to repeat what happened yesterday again?
Okay, Mikuru. Make something fantastic, it doesn't matter what,
come out of the Miracle Mikuru Eye R and attack!
M-M-Miss Nagato-
Hey, Yuki! You're supposed to be a witch!
You don't need to do any pro wrestling here...
Well, I guess this works. It'll probably get us some more viewers.
Kyon! Be sure to film this! Yuki came up with this idea, after all!
It's not an idea.
Man, but this is risque... I mean, I don't mean to film this at all, but...
Center the target and press the record- No, I mustn't. I mustn't!
Leave the Earth now!
Oh man, we lost another contact.
I was careless.
I had made it so that she could not fire off lasers anymore.
This time it was a high frequency molecular cutter.
It looks like monofilament.
Umm... this time... what did you inject into me?
I modulated the phase of your dimensional vibratory cycle,
and generated a force field on the surface of your body
capable of transposing gravitational waves.
I see. So it's been dealt with for now.
I have no idea what that means.
As for the fence, the others seem to accept the idea that it's old and decrepit.
And thankfully nothing more important got damaged.
But what do we do?
I have the feeling that if we keep shooting, something tragic is going to happen.
Even so, we can't stop filming.
What do you think Miss Suzumiya will do if we try to force a stop to the filming?
Who knows?
I'm sure there will be some violence.
At the very least, from the Colossi in closed spaces.
Right now, Miss Suzumiya is having so much fun that she can't help herself.
After all, she gets to act like God.
Miss Suzumiya is using the medium of film to recreate a world.
Man, but what a selfish woman.
Of course, Miss Suzumiya doesn't realize this.
She thinks that she's only creating a fictional world.
But I think that her passion is subconsciously affecting the real world.
It's just fiction!
Either way, we get a bad ending.
If we have to choose one over the other, I would go with continuing.
Even if Miss Asahina turns into Superwoman?
Compared to a Colossi appearing, it would be a small price to pay.
Doesn't it seem that it would be simpler to deal with
a single occurrence of an abnormal phenomenon
rather than have the whole world rebuilt from scratch?
It's all about the same to me.
How about we hit Haruhi from behind
and keep her unconscious until the school festival is over?
That's a frightening thought.
Although if you took full responsibility for it, I wouldn't stop you.
The weight of the world weighs too heavily on my shoulders.
I'll be all right. I'll find a way to deal with it.
I feel so unworthy of her selflessness.
Normal people who are being mind-controlled by Yuki, the evil alien
Normal people who are being mind-controlled by Yuki, the evil alien These are your roles!
These are your roles!
In other words, because Mikuru is a hero, she can't hurt normal people.
Mikuru Yuki Normal people
Mikuru Yuki Normal people Yuki knows this, and uses her magic to control some normal people to attack her.
And so Mikuru, unable to defend herself, gets beaten up.
So Mikuru gets beat up, huh?
First, throw Mikuru into the lake.
Hold on, into this lake? It might be warm, but it's still autumn.
And I couldn't call that water clean, even if I was trying to whitewash it.
M-M-Miss Suzumiya, could we at least use a heated pool or...
This is a pretty harsh shoot.
But Mikuru, in order to get the realism we're aiming for, we have to pay this price!
And this is an obstacle that you have to overcome, Mikuru!
This is a chance for you to take a big step up as an actress!
Do you understand? Now go get ready!
Hey!
U-Umm...
I'll do it!
That's great, Mikuru!
And that's why I chose you to be in the brigade!
Miss Asahina...
One, two... three!
Lord have mercy.
What's wrong? Please hold on to me. Lord have mercy.
What's wrong? Please hold on to me.
Good grief.
We have enough useless crap to open a street shop, but not a single towel?
What's up with that?
Well, I guess this works as the scene where they meet.
The sense of awkwardness between Itsuki and Mikuru is pretty apparent.
Really? It just seemed like Koizumi being his usual self to me.
Now it's time for the next step.
We're going to shoot the scene where Itsuki, having rescued Mikuru,
takes her back to his own house.
Hold on. That doesn't connect at all.
What happened to Nagato or Taniguchi and the others?
The audience won't believe it without some sort of explanation.
Oh, be quiet. They'll get it, even if we don't shoot the scene.
Why you... did you just want to see Miss Asahina dumped into the lake?
Hey, my house is nearby, and since it looks like Mikuru might catch a cold,
would it be okay to get her a change of clothes?
That's perfect!
Can we use your place, Tsuru?
We can shoot the scene where they get friendly with each other!
Yeah, that's cool. Use my place!
What about us?
You can go home.
Good for you, you've been let go.
It looks like you're about as important to Haruhi as BBs that have been fired.
But that's a pretty happy thing to be.
Okay, this is my place.
It's huge.
What kind of evil things do I have to do to live in a place like this?
Okay, this is my room. Wait here until Mikuru gets out of the bath.
I feel like my bedroom was made for a cat compared to this.
This is a nice room. It's a perfect location.
Oh, yeah. Tsuru, I just thought of something...
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Thank you.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Here you go.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. I'm really being tested by my reason here.
I'm really being tested by my reason here.
Miss Asahina, that outfit is absolutely criminal.
Here you go. Drink up.
Thanks.
Thank you very much.
Seeing her drink is another direct hit to my libido.
Okay, let's get started.
And so we start shooting.
Koizumi carries Miss Asahina, who is feigning unconsciousness, into his room.
He lays her on the futon which is already spread out for some reason,
and tucks her in.
Mikuru, wake up now.
Are you awake?
Yes, umm... where is this?
This is my room.
Thank you very much.
She seems awfully sexy. Is that acting?
Bring your faces closer together, you two!
Mikuru, close your eyes! Koizumi, put your arm around her!
All right, now push her down and kiss her!
Hold on just a second!
This is going too far in so many ways.
More importantly, why is this scene even happening?
What is this?
It's a love scene.
This is what you put in to fill in time in movies.
Are you stupid? What is this, a two-hour prime time drama?
And Koizumi, why are you getting all into it?
If we showed this at the school festival, your shoebox would be stuffed
with hundreds of letters cursing you the next day.
I'd put one in, too!
Mikuru, you're so strange!
I'd like to say she's not... but she is acting strange.
Her eyes look dull and her cheeks are flushed.
And she looks like she'd let Koizumi do anything he wants.
This is not funny.
Koisumi... my head feels heavy...
Geez, has someone slipped her some kind of drug?
I'm sorry! I mixed some sweet sake into her juice.
I was told that it might open up her range as an actress.
You shouldn't just slip something like that into a person's drink.
Why not? Mikuru's so sexy right now.
Don't mind him, just kiss her. On the mouth, of course.
Don't do it, Koizumi!
Director, this is a bit much for me.
And it looks like Miss Asahina's at her limit.
I'm all wight!
Oh geez.
I can't believe that you're getting this drunk off of sweet sake.
You're the one that made her drink it.
Come on, snap out of it.
That reaction's no good.
You need to at least straighten out your back when you get hit on the head.
Okay, one more time.
Practice.
Cut it out!
How is this practice? How is this going to be used in the movie?
Hey, don't stop me.
There's no need for me to tell you when this will be used.
You probably haven't even thought of it. Stop making excuses.
Stop making assumptions.
You don't know what's going to be in the movie, so stop being so selfish!
You're the one being selfish, you're just hitting her because you want to.
You don't have the right.
Shut up. What do you know? This is a vital part of my movie!
Vital to who? This is stupid. Miss Asahina is not your toy.
I decided it was! And Mikuru is my toy!
Wha-
What's with you!? What don't you like about this?
You just have to do what I tell you!
I'm the brigade leader! I'm the director!
In any case... I won't allow any insubordination!
Let me go, Koizumi.
It doesn't matter if it's a person or an animal.
When they won't listen, you need to scold them with a good smack.
If I don't, then she'll end up being a crazy person that everyone avoids.
Prease stop.
You mustn't fight... if you do...
Oh, this is classified information...
I'm sorry, Kyon. I got carried away.
Don't worry about Mikuru.
I'll take her home later, or she'll stay here for the night.
I thought you were a more rational person.
So did I.
It doesn't look like any closed spaces have appeared.
It appears that Miss Suzumiya's subconscious was able to control itself.
Good for you, I'm glad you had less work to do.
By the way, there's a place I'd like to take you to.
And if I said no?
This won't take much time.
Do you remember what Miss Suzumiya said yesterday?
How am I supposed to remember all of her random comments?
You'll remember when you see this.
They were already this way this morning.
Did someone paint them or something?
There's no mistaking it. These pigeons all have their natural feathers.
I guess they were really scared by the gunfire yesterday.
Even if that were the case,
do you think this is what would actually happen?
Yeah, I know.
I'd love it if these pigeons were all completely white.
In this case, I'll let the color slide.
She hasn't let it slide at all.
This is what I think.
I think that Miss Suzumiya is a special person
that someone has granted godlike powers to.
The fact that Miss Suzumiya is part of this world of ours is proof of that.
That's surprising.
And didn't you say that Haruhi is God or something?
Oh, is that so?
Don't mess with me.
I'm kidding.
Miss Suzumiya is she who can create the world
and at the same time, the one who can destroy it.
This reality of ours might be a failure.
And the one with the job of fixing this failed world
might just be the one we call Haruhi Suzumiya.
All right, and?
If that's the case, then we might be the ones mistaken
about the fact that there is no proof at all that Miss Suzumiya
has used her powers up until now.
Hmph. And?
The problem is those of us who might be mistaken about that.
When the world is remade into its proper form by Miss Suzumiya,
will we still be able to be part of that world?
Or will we be considered bugs in the system and eliminated?
I don't know.
It's just... I quite like this world of ours.
From ages past until modern times,
this world has been built, piece by piece, by so many different people.
I don't want it to fall apart.
And that's why I try to do what I can about Miss Suzumiya.
I wonder if this world is worth all that.
Oh, I thought that you felt it was.
Which is why you came back from the closed space, but... was I wrong?
Well, I wonder.
It's not like me to talk like this.
I'm making it sound like we're protecting the world. I apologize.
It looks like Miss Suzumiya is too busy feeling dejected to be angry.
Oh, why's that?
I thought you would know... Okay, I'll explain.
Miss Suzumiya thought that no matter what happened,
you would always be on her side.
That no matter how much you complained,
you alone would always forgive her.
The only one that could forgive her is a martyred saint.
Could you say something to Miss Suzumiya to cheer her up?
If you don't, she might continue to get depressed,
then something far worse than the closed spaces might occur.
I can't even imagine how the world might react to a depressed Miss Suzumiya.
So you're telling me to cheer her up?
You just need to get back with her again.
There was never a with her to begin with.
Oh, I thought that your head had cooled off by now,
but I guess I was wrong.
The reason I was so angry yesterday was because my kind heart
couldn't bear to watch the cruel things happening to Miss Asahina.
But that can't be the only reason.
I might have just been suffering from a calcium deficiency.
After drinking around a liter of milk before going to bed,
I was strangely calm.
That might just be a placebo effect, though.
Movie, what a joke. That was a waste of my day.
Now, now.
He wanted to hang out with you guys and Miss Suzumiya more.
He even canceled his other plans.
Don't tell him that, you jerk.
In any case.
I'm never going to get involved with any of those stupid projects anymore.
A movie? As if.
It'll just end up as garbage. That's for sure.
You're the last person I want to hear that from.
Even if he didn't say that, I could imagine it.
Even so, hearing that from him pisses me off.
At least Haruhi is doing something for the school festival.
She's trying to be involved. But what about you?
Even if it is stupid, at least Haruhi's trying to make something.
All you're doing is sitting there and complaining.
Man, that pisses me off.
Now, I wonder why that pisses me off...
Have I suddenly found the passion to make movies?
What's wrong, Kyon?
Miss Suzumiya seems upset, too... Did something happen?
Maybe they had a lovers' spat.
Oh, I see. I'm at Haruhi's beck and call, even if I grumble about it.
What pisses me off, in other words...
is the fact that there's no difference between the me who
got pissed off at what Taniguchi said, and Taniguchi himself.
Dammit.
Taniguchi, you bastard. Thanks to you, I've come to a weird realization.
Dammit... now I have to do something that I'm sure I'll regret.
Dammit! Dammit!
Hey, Haruhi.
What?
Let's finish this film, no matter what.
Of course. I'm the director, after all!
It's a given that it'll be finished. You don't have to tell me that.
Man, but she's straightforward...
Well, if it would be strange to see an unhappy Haruhi, then this is better.
Here we go!
Wasn't there anything else you could have said to her?
I'm sorry.
She's not just back to how she was, now she's even more powerful.
I'm sorry.
There's no way we'll be able to cover this up now.
Oh, but this works out so well!
I was just thinking that I wanted a scene with cherry blossoms.
What great timing for some strange weather!
Okay, now take your victory pose!
Oh yeah! Let's get a cat!
A cat?
A witch needs a familiar. And a cat would be the best fit for that!
Is there a black cat around here somewhere?
Wasn't Nagato originally set to be an evil alien?
Never mind that, we need a cat! That's how it's set in my mind now.
Hey Yuki, do you know anyplace with lots of cats? Strays are okay.
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
Subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
Hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
Yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
Kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
Tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
Touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
Nazenara That's because
Basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
Deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
Hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
Doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
Mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
Kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
