I thought the way she talked was like the way she sang.
That unique and annoying way Takumi stretches the last word when he speaks
was practically identical to Reira's rhythm.
It's like how I started to sound like Ren before I even knew it.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Are those two sleeping together?
I wouldn't be surprised,
no matter how many women Takumi is with,
but if Reira were one of them, I'd feel awful for Hachi,
who's preparing miso soup and waiting for him at home.
Damn...
The scab deep in my heart is peeling off again.
I was so close to escaping those miserable days
of thinking only of Hachi.
I'm reminded of it
every time I look at the smug look on Takumi's face.
How worthless I was adding to Hachi's worries
when she was feeling her most vulnerable.
The talk will last about three minutes.
Please start by introducing the band members.
Okay.
After that, we'll ask about your upcoming plans.
The questions will be what we told you ahead of time.
Yes, I understand.
In fact...
Would you ask her what she thinks of me?
Yes, we would definitely like to ask that!
Shut up! And stop talking in harmony!
Girl, you can't talk back to the MCs like that!
Talk as little as possible when you're on air.
And be cool, okay?
Like I care!
It's Ren's fault for making such a stupid remark.
Aren't you eating, Nobu?
I'm surprised you can eat right before the show.
Oh my, you're nervous? You're such a weakling.
Leave me alone.
I get nervous just like anybody else
when I do something I'm not accustomed to,
like stand in front of a TV camera.
Thirty seconds to the PR slot...
- When I think of how I will be exposed... - before the show!
to the vast number of curious eyes,
it scares me.
Twenty seconds.
So I secretly imagine.
I imagine Hachi watching over me, in that room before it became empty.
Ten seconds. Eight... seven...
It's a charm to get rid of my anxiety.
Coming up, Music Studio! Broadcast live!
There she is! Nana looked right at me and smiled!
Did you see that, Jun-chan?
I don't think she was specifically smiling at you.
I can't see with you sitting there. Please move.
You know, your own husband's on the show too, right?
Never mind Takumi.
I can see him any time, and every inch of him too.
So you've seen enough of him?
WHY IS HE SUCH AN OLD PERVERT? So you've seen enough of him?
You see, every time he appears in front of the media,
he tries to be cool, and it's like he's a different person.
I get embarrassed watching him.
But you were a great fan of that guy acting cool.
You showing off the fact you're close to him now?
Well, I can't help it!
Takumi's the closest person to me now!
But on that same account, you're really close to BLAST, too.
But you're just like an average fan
when it comes to the guru.
It's really annoying!
It's because I can only watch Nana from a distance,
so I can't do any more than worry about her and cheer her on.
Which puts me in practically the same position as the fans.
SOB SOB Which puts me in practically the same position as the fans.
SOB SOB
SOB SOB I find it lonely.
I find it lonely.
Well, I'm sure she's really busy,
so she's not likely to have any time to be looking after you.
I don't need her to look after me.
I just feel lonely that she doesn't rely on me.
They're starting the countdown to the show.
I'm gonna let Hachi feel relieved by being calm.
Good evening! I'm your host, Chie Takahashi!
And I'm Tsuyoshi Morishita!
I hear that talent with the big boobs and the announcer
are having an extramarital affair.
- Those boobs have gotta be silicone. - For the next hour,
we're bringing to you a great lineup of fabulous guests tonight!
You're gonna watch it here?
RECREATION ROOM
RECREATION ROOM You have a TV in your own room, Yuri.
- But I wanna see them on a big screen! - Without further ado,
- You know, like Nobu. - let us invite our guests onstage!
Who's that?
Nobu's totally the coolest.
HE'S GOT VILLAINOUS MAKEUP TREMBLE TREMBLE Nobu's totally the coolest.
Really? I think he looks the most normal.
Normally, all I see are the street-smart guys,
so I'm really drawn to guys like Nobu who look healthy and pure-hearted.
Don't teach him any naughty games, Yuri.
The same with you, Myu.
You've done it with him, right? How was he?
We haven't done anything.
But you two are always talking like you're really close.
It's not like that. That kid's still only twenty.
From my point of view, he's still a kid.
He's only two years younger than me!
I thought he was younger. This might work out.
Once the show started,
Ren's expression turned exceedingly cool and mature.
I hear you're getting ready to release an album.
More or less.
When will it go on sale?
- Of course... - Within the year.
he didn't butt into my talk with stupid remarks.
He's gotten used to playing the role of Trapnest's Ren.
I don't want him fooling around,
but something about this is so stupid and annoying.
Now then, please take the stage!
The Black Stones!
I wanna smash it to pieces.
Something...
Everything...
Trapnest's prim expressions...
Those smiles plastered on the MCs...
Their proper, polite questions prepared ahead of time...
It's all a monkey show! It's all a farce! Such a boring show!
But...
Even I...
I'm getting paid because I play the role of BLAST's Nana
that the media created.
This world isn't so easy that we can make an earning
just doing whatever we want.
My life has always been a B movie.
Go ahead and play up my dark past.
Spread all the rumors you want.
But...
I hafta be the one to write out... a scenario for my bright future.
I'm no longer that helpless little girl just standing there.
Marry me.
Marriage is such a formal concept.
It was never an issue between us before...
but if we wanna remain together
while protecting each other's present circumstances,
that may be our best option.
Marriage was probably the best solution Ren came up with
after giving it considerable thought.
We'll make an announcement to the public
that we really are in love, and get married to prove it.
I'm sure there will be some die hard fans that will go crazy with rage,
but most people will accept it as a happy ending to a love story.
Everything has turned into a show now.
But I'm fine with that.
I can't stand not seeing him for an eternity.
And now for our final guests!
Appearing after a long absence, here's Trapnest!
Wow... Takumi!
I hear your new song,
Shadow of Love was written with a theme about trust, is that right?
REALLY? Shadow of Love was written with a theme about trust, is that right?
REALLY?
REALLY? Yes.
I've had the opportunity to listen to it.
Why are you always able to come up with such beautiful lyrics?
Beautiful?
Trapnest's music is so dignified, but their lyrics are pretty banal.
ALWAYS ABOUT LOVING AND LOSING Trapnest's music is so dignified, but their lyrics are pretty banal.
BANAL? Trapnest's music is so dignified, but their lyrics are pretty banal.
BANAL?
When I listen to the music, images come pouring out all at once.
And then words come raining down to match the melody,
so writing the lyrics becomes a natural process.
Huh?
- That's amazing! - I can't do it!
Well then, please stand by!
Aww, Takumi didn't even talk.
I wanted to see how he shows off as he talks.
How disappointing.
Until then, I was so taken by Reira's singing ability
that I never really paid attention to her lyrics.
Since she talked about her divine inspiration
with such a straight face,
I thought I'd pay attention to the lyrics.
It was just another song about an affair.
The suspicion about Takumi and Reira grew stronger and stronger within me,
so after the show, I tracked Ren down and asked him.
BLACK STONES MISS NANA so after the show, I tracked Ren down and asked him.
so after the show, I tracked Ren down and asked him.
Nope. That's just not possible.
How can you be so sure?!
I dunno. But Takumi's the type who will always keep his word,
and he practically said it's impossible.
I can't trust that!
There's nothing to worry about.
I've gotta get changed and head out now.
We'll talk about that in length some other time, okay?
When's some other time?
I dunno.
Are you really serious about getting married?!
Huh? Then you'll marry me?
I'll discuss it with the agency.
You can't just do whatever you want either, right?
Why should we need the consent of those around us
and a certificate for two people to love each other?
The human society is such a pain.
RECREATION ROOM
RECREATION ROOM The two bands in the tabloids met face to face,
The two bands in the tabloids met face to face,
yet they didn't touch on the subject one bit.
How boring!
Of course not. This isn't one of those talk shows.
I wonder if the BLAST members will be coming home late tonight.
Well, in particular, Nobu.
He did say this was all they had today.
Really? Then let's invite them and play some mahjongg here!
Mahjongg?
I hear they all love it!
They said so in a magazine interview.
I love mahjongg!
Oh.
I don't mind, but your ulterior motives are showing through, Yuri.
I won't lose to some sullen pervert who casually records everything on video.
I ALWAYS GET WHAT I WANT! I won't lose to some sullen pervert who casually records everything on video.
They'll definitely be against it.
I said I'll talk to the agency, but the president is scary,
and I can't compete against Ginpei in either speech or strength.
Nana. When the contract money's wired to your account from Gaia,
go and buy yourself a cell phone.
You should at least send a text message to Ren from time to time.
But if I talk this over with Yasu, I know he'll help me out.
I really can't do a thing without Yasu.
Seriously, it's inconvenient for work, so buy one!
Why don't you have one in this day and age?!
What's the big fuss?
I'm sure it'll just be hard on Ren
to wait for a message from her that only comes once in a while.
When you own a cell phone, you just get whipped around.
By whom?
Hachi? Or that girl next door?
A social guy like you can't hate cell phones, too.
I won't bug you anymore, so please, just find someone and be happy.
Nana didn't appear to have much energy tonight.
Really? She looked like she was beaming with confidence to me.
But she looked spaced out in the back row the whole time.
You're really observant!
I was more concerned about Nobu, who didn't smile once.
Well, I guess if he's performing on the same stage as Takumi,
there's not much to smile about.
I got an e-mail from Nobu the other day.
Huh?! What did it say?!
He wanted to talk things over properly with me.
I broke up with Nobu without ever saying anything.
But I don't know how I should reply.
And it's already been a month now.
So you never ended it properly with him.
I figured as much.
But you were right not to reply.
If you inadvertently give him any hope,
it would only make things worse for him.
But if he's been ignored to that extent, he's probably given up and moved on.
But you know, Jun-chan.
To this day, whenever I remember Shoji, it still hurts.
Why are we talking about Shoji all of a sudden?!
When I look back and think calmly about when he started two-timing us,
or what he was thinking at the time,
I realize I don't know anything.
And what good would knowing do at this point?
It's not about what good it'll do or anything!
I think it's because I remain in the dark
that even the fun times I had with Shoji are now just painful memories!
I don't know to what point it was real,
and from where it all became a lie.
It's not easy to erase the shock
of being betrayed by someone you trusted.
So even if Nobu does date someone,
he may also be dragging painful memories like me.
And he'll likely be seeing Takumi from time to time.
I'm thinking, the only way I can make amends
is to properly talk to Nobu and have him understand that,
although I chose Takumi, I did truly love him.
But maybe that would only make me feel better.
Would I be hurting him even more?
What do you think, Jun-chan?
That's certainly a tough question.
I told her to do what she felt was right,
but I'm kinda worried.
Come to think of it, Shoji did want to explain things to her.
Maybe we shouldn't have stopped him.
Maybe not.
I know there isn't any right answer in these situations,
but I have a tendency to give out advice like I know everything.
I felt responsible, and was kinda shocked.
From now on, I'll be careful not to interfere
with other people's business.
I don't wanna turn into some nosy old lady, after all.
You really have been acting like an old lady lately.
You're acting like an old man and it's rubbed off on me!
Kyosuke-Junko! You're here.
Saying it together makes them sound like some comedy duo!
Well, well, speak of the devil.
Were you trash-talking me again?
It's unusual to see you coming for a drink, Sachiko.
Mhm! I just got paid,
so I thought why not splurge every once in a while?
Shoji!
You go off spending unnecessarily,
yet you're making Sachiko watch her spending?
You changed your hairstyle again, and to such a stylish color.
How much did it cost?
I took him to the stylist. I'm sorry.
Don't mind what the nosy old lady says.
Oh, by the way,
did you know there's a fireworks festival tomorrow night at Tamagawa?
Huh? Fireworks in this season?
Remember? The one they were planning in the summer
got canceled because of the typhoon.
Right.
There were so many requests from the public to have it,
they decided to do it after all.
Oh?
They'll start the fireworks at 6:15.
If you're free,
what do you say the four of us go see it together?
Sorry, I have work.
Me too.
That's good.
Then no one will be there to get in our way.
But Nana seems to have lots of time lately.
She might wanna go.
Don't tell her!
What if we bumped into each other?!
How should I know?
Think for yourself.
NANA KOMATSU
Ron!
Jun chan ryan pei kou.
JUN CHAN RYAN PEl KOU
No way! How come you're so good?!
Oh my!
Maybe because I trained for the role
of this mysterious, invincible woman in the recent mahjongg movie.
So you do stuff like that to get into your role!
That's awesome!
In my next video,
I star as the school nurse in an all-boys high school.
Will you rehearse with me, Nobu?
Nurse uniform...
It's boring!
Hey, don't pout just because you can't win.
What are you, a kid?
Go ahead, call me a kid. Time for revenge, Yasu.
Aren't you gonna play, Nana?
- I will later. I'm at a good part. - Does Yasu always sleep in a yukata?
Does he starch it himself?
- I don't know why, - The more you know about Yasu,
- but Yuri's practically giving Nobuo... - the more he becomes a mystery.
- a free pass to do it with her, - It's best not to try and figure him out.
so I'd better stay outta this.
I can't butt in.
HACHI OCTOBER 2622:31 TOMORROW FROM 6:15, THEY'RE HAVING THE FIREWORKS FESTIVAL AT TAMAGAWA THAT GOT CANCELED LAST SUMMER BECAUSE OF THE TYPHOON. THIS IS LIKE A DREAM. I WAS THINKING HOW GREAT IT WOULD BE IF WE COULD ALL...
Hey Nobu, don't you have a girlfriend?
I had one, but she dumped me.
Really? Then you must be lonely.
Yes.
I'd sure like to comfort you.
POURING
DECLARING HIMSELF
DECLARING HIMSELF I'm lonely too, Yuri.
DECLARING HIMSELF
DECLARING HIMSELF What are you saying, baldy?!
I'm joking.
Well then, a threesome!
No way!
No way!
NO WAY! No way!
Hey, Nobuo.
Why are you talking like Hachiko?
Oh no...
The beautiful Yuri is starting to look like Hachi.
Even her hairstyle is kinda similar.
HALLUCINATING? Even her hairstyle is kinda similar.
AND SIMILAR PAJAMAS TOO... Even her hairstyle is kinda similar.
AND SIMILAR PAJAMAS TOO...
AND SIMILAR PAJAMAS TOO... Hey, Yasu. Do you know what our schedule is for tomorrow?
Hey, Yasu. Do you know what our schedule is for tomorrow?
Ginpei was telling us on our way back, remember?
In the morning, we're giving comments to be aired on TV.
In the afternoon, there's a photo shoot for posters,
at six, we have a magazine interview,
and then at ten, we'll be on a live radio show.
That sounds tough. You should probably get to bed.
No, I won't let you win and run.
I'll exact Shin's revenge.
Talk big all you want while you still can.
THEY'RE OUT OF CHARACTER
THEY'RE OUT OF CHARACTER Can't we cancel that interview at six?
Can't we cancel that interview at six?
What are you saying?!
Can't we do it some other day?
Impossible!
But Hachi's just invited us all to the fireworks festival.
Who's... this Hachi?
TOMORROW FROM 6:15, THEY'RE HAVING THE FIREWORKS FESTIVAL AT TAMAGAWA THAT GOT CANCELED LAST SUMMER BECAUSE OF THE TYPHOON.
THIS IS LIKE A DREAM. I WAS THINKING HOW GREAT IT WOULD BE IF WE COULD ALL GO TOGETHER. BUT I GUESS I AM DREAMING TO THINK THAT.
Nobuo!
You'll go, right? Or rather, we're going!
Nana, calm down.
You can't! You've got work, right?!
If it's a magazine interview, I'm sure they'll reschedule if you ask.
But it doesn't seem like such a good idea
for all of them to go out in public.
It'll be fine if they disguise themselves.
Shin! Hurry and text her back!
BUT... Shin! Hurry and text her back!
BUT...
BUT... What should I say?
What should I say?
Six o'clock in room 707.
I haven't been home in nearly two months.
Those mosquitoes would surely have left by now.
RE: TOMORROW WE'LL BE WAITING IN ROOM 707 AT 6:00. WE'LL ALL BE THERE. LET'S HOPE THE SKY'S CLEAR THIS TIME!
It's not a dream, Hachi.
We can spend time and laugh together like we did back then.
We can start over.
Please let me start over.
We'll return to that summer day and
rewrite the scenario together for our bright future!
Hey, Takumi...
Hm?
There's something I wanna ask you.
What?
Nana and I wanna...
Shit!
The damn thing froze on me!
I'm tired.
Something's coming out of you.
HIS SOUL? SHOO... Something's coming out of you.
What did you wanna ask me? Does it hafta be right now?
Actually, I think right now's not such a good time.
Oh, but I do have one question.
What?
That ring you bought for Hachiko.
Where did you get it, and what kind was it?
Hey, Hachi.
Who could've imagined in their wildest dreams
that the day would come when you and I,
with completely different tastes,
would each be wearing a matching set of treasures?
I know you're fickle and crave new things.
But I hope you still treasure it even now...
That generic-looking ring from a high-end jewelry store.
Alone and heartbroken
Tears falling down feel cold
A dark night lasting too long
Wakes up
It's too sad and painful
I gave up everything
But you loved me anyway
Kiss me and stay with me
A flower blooming forever
Light, fragile, strong
How could you smile for me
I need nothing else
Just stand by me forever
