My dream was to make it big with my band
and have everyone in Japan know my name.
Even if it meant that one person would never call my name again.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Our rehearsal is from twelve o'clock for one hour.
1700 SOUND CHECK 1800 RUN-THROUGH 1945 STAND-BY FOR ON AIR Our rehearsal is from twelve o'clock for one hour.
If you're hungry,
you'd better eat a box lunch while you have the chance.
You still have thirty minutes.
Hey, what's this run-through at six?
It's a dress rehearsal.
You do the exact same thing as you will live.
There's a lot of time between the rehearsal and the run-through.
Do we have other work during that time?
Today, there's just this music show.
It's your first time on live TV, isn't it?
Focus, and get yourself geared up for it.
What?!
Then can we go out before the run-through?
Did you even listen to what I said?
Focus, I said, focus.
I'm about to pass out from lack of sleep.
And I can't relax here.
Okay. That was good.
Yasu!
Yay! How've you been?
You're always so loud, even on the job.
Traitor.
Women are so scary. They can be so vindictive.
Hey, Ren.
I need to talk to you.
What?
Just come with me.
Ren, are you still?
No, I'm okay.
No, you're not! Your eyes say so!
It's just a little...
A little what?
It'll never become a habit.
It already has, and you've gotta stop!
Sorry.
I'll never do it again, so...
Ren...
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna steal Nana from you.
I didn't think so.
You've always let me have whatever I want since long ago.
It pisses me off that you're looking down on me.
Whenever you're not with Nana, you become unstable like that!
And it's the same with Nana!
Nana, too?
She's been hyperventilating.
If this continues, who knows how she'll end up.
I realized it through that incident with Takumi and Nana.
She's probably quite traumatized from being abandoned by her mom.
You're not suited for this industry.
I really regret encouraging you to come to Tokyo.
Don't push yourself, Ren.
You're not like Takumi or me.
Stop trying to reason it out and just do as you wish.
If you keep forcing things, you're not gonna last long.
Shadow of Love is so great, no matter how many times I listen to it.
Tonight's show will be a good promo,
and I'm sure the initial stock of the CDs will sell out right away.
You think so?
I think the sales department is overestimating
by putting out 800,000 singles at once.
Don't blame me if they're stuck with a bunch of left-over CDs.
By the way, how many is BLAST putting out?
I'm not sure.
Given all the publicity they're getting, they might break a million.
But I can't imagine Gaia putting out 800,000 copies of a single
for a new band with no track record.
We'll hit number one on the charts for sure.
You're right!
You think so?
If I were Gaia, I'd make that gamble.
One million copies on the first release.
I know it's not my business, but it's kinda thrilling.
THRILLING?
But if it tanks, that would be a tremendous loss!
They've already spent hundreds of millions of yen
in promoting them.
That's exactly why. They've come this far.
Now they have to recoup that investment.
If they release more singles than us
and become number one with their first release,
then the party continues.
We're living in a time where popular things sell.
If there's a pile of CDs from a new band that's just topped the charts,
you're gonna buy it purely out of curiosity.
Okay.
Thank you very much!
Hey, Ginpei, can I go out until the run-through?
You're being persistent. Is it to see a woman?
I don't have one.
Women are evil.
Ginpei, the car key...
Are you feeling all right, Shin?
I could find you a vacant dressing room for you to sleep in.
No. I'd feel more relaxed in the car.
Aren't you being nicer to Shin than to me, Ginpei?
Don't come to wake me up until it's time.
That kid has no stamina for his age.
I'd say you've got too much, Ginpei.
Nana, you should return to your dressing room
and also take a nap while you have a moment.
Yeah. I have my own private room,
so maybe I can relax and get a little sleep.
COME ON!
COME ON! Wanna sleep with me?
Enough of that.
ENOUGH OF THAT...
ENOUGH OF THAT... Where's Nana going?
ENOUGH OF THAT...
To her private room to take a nap.
How come girls get their own rooms? Because they're evil?
What do you mean, enough of that?
We haven't done anything yet.
But how does Yasu manage to stay completely harmless?
He's like a Buddhist priest who's transcended earthly desires.
Could that mean his love for me is more like love between siblings?
TRAPNEST MISS REIRA
But Yasu's a guy. And all guys get horny.
I wonder if he jerks off to Yuri.
BLACK STONES MISS NANA
I've neglected Ren for a month,
so he's gotta be sleeping with other women by now.
Not that I care. I'd actually be relieved.
Good work.
What are you doing here?
House-sitting.
Oh, I took a cigarette.
Leaving your stuff around with the door unlocked is unsafe.
There are dangerous people out there who will enter uninvited.
I agree! What if someone sees you here?! Get out!
Don't be so upset.
I'm sorry that I neglected you for a whole month.
No, I'm not mad. After all, I'm just as guilty for that.
I have to... end it.
This style of dating...
to meet occasionally and talk to each other, making love,
like we're in some cool love drama...
It just won't work for us.
If we can't always be together, it would be easier to just end it.
I'm sure Ren feels the same way.
Nana.
I have something to talk to you about.
Do you have time?
I prepared myself...
but I'm scared.
RE: DO YOU HAVE TIME? I HAVE AN INTERVIEW FROM 3:00. BUT I HAVE AT LEAST TWO HOURS. LET ME KNOW WHEN YOU'RE DONE REHEARSING AND I'LL HEAD OVER.
That was fast.
I was hiding behind the car. I just couldn't wait.
This Volkswagen bus is so cute!
It stands out, so I found it right away.
You're so lucky to get to ride in this every day.
Actually I think it's a problem to have our car stand out.
But the glass is tinted, so no one can see in, right?
So we can do anything.
What do you have in mind?
What do you wanna do, Reira?
Look each other in the eye and talk without pretense.
Let me do what you wanna do, Shin.
Huh? What I wanna do?
I'm no longer your client.
But doing what an adolescent boy wants to do
is not much different from what we've been doing.
There's no point then.
I'll quietly listen to anything you wanna talk about.
But there's a difference between doing it for someone
and having it done for you.
Why don't you sit?
No, not that one. Over here.
What's wrong with this one?
We're not gonna be making out when we're having this conversation, are we?
Well... that's up to you.
What is it?
Ren's lost some weight.
I wonder if he's been eating properly.
Nana...
What is it?! Just say it!
I feel like I could suffocate and die!
Marry me.
What's going on? A drama?
A drama? Who's in it?
What are you doing here? Don't you have rehearsal?
Is that supposed to be a disguise?
It actually makes you stand out more.
I got a little time off,
so I wanted to come and see how you look as an actress.
I'm just an extra.
That bank employee uniform looks good on you.
You look so grown-up.
I kinda feel that...
you've been trying to make a move on me since this morning.
No! I didn't mean to...
Well, maybe a little...
Don't tease grown-ups.
No, wait!
I may look like a kid, but I am twenty years old!
Really? I thought you were probably still in high school.
I'll be 21 in three months.
January? What day?
The 23rd.
Then you're an Aquarius.
Yep! All the guys in my band are Aquarius.
You're a Virgo, right? Born on September 12, blood type A.
My blood type's A, too.
You look like you're in your teens, but you're 22, right?
I was surprised when I saw your profile at the agency.
But if we were in school, we'd only be one grade apart.
That's what my profile says.
Huh? How old are you really?
Twenty-seven.
Don't be so obviously shocked.
I'm sorry.
It's fine. I'm used to it. Now get back to work.
Yes...
VACANT CAR
METER RUNNING
METER RUNNING It's over.
There's no way someone seven years older would pay any attention to me.
Age aside, she probably thinks she can't depend on me.
So you want to be supported by these frail arms.
Yes. Totally.
It's impossible.
When I was a child, I thought no one would ever love me.
So that winter back when I was sixteen and got involved with Ren,
I thought I was having the most unbelievably happy dream.
It didn't feel real.
Shin...
It's my birthday next week.
Happy birthday!
There's nothing happy about it! I'll be 23!
I'll be an old lady!
That's still young.
But I'll be eight years older than you.
Still seven years. My birthday's next week, too.
I'll be sixteen.
Huh? What day?
November 1st. Scorpio, blood type AB.
We're the same!
Really?
It's the red string of fate!
But you don't believe in fate, right?
I believe it now.
To be loved by the man I love... To me, that was a miracle.
I thought we were destined to be together.
Nana...
Will you?
Again? You're such a pervert.
No, that's not what I'm talking about.
Will you marry me?
Impossible.
If you won't, I'll die.
Then go ahead and die!
When I die, I'm bringing you with me.
Then kill me.
He nearly did kill me. And then he took me to heaven with him.
I guess I'm a pervert too.
You're looking much better, Nana.
Were you able to get some sleep?
Shut up, baldy! Just shut up!
- What are you upset about? - Because you didn't wanna do it with me,
- I ended up doing it with Ren again. - Well, Nana's rage is usually irrational.
SIGH - I ended up doing it with Ren again. - Well, Nana's rage is usually irrational.
And that idiot totally got carried away.
I COMPLETELY BLACKED OUT And that idiot totally got carried away.
I SERIOUSLY ALMOST DIED And that idiot totally got carried away.
I SERIOUSLY ALMOST DIED
I SERIOUSLY ALMOST DIED I definitely will not marry him.
I SERIOUSLY ALMOST DIED
I SERIOUSLY ALMOST DIED She probably looks better because of the makeup.
She probably looks better because of the makeup.
That's Mika's great technique!
I think it's the pheromones. That's Ren's technique.
I saw Ren leave Nana's dressing room.
That was a bold move to do it right in your dressing room.
YOU BEAT ME That was a bold move to do it right in your dressing room.
That was a bold move to do it right in your dressing room.
- It wasn't! - That's good news.
What's so good about it, baldy?!
GOOD NEWS?! What's so good about it, baldy?!
There's no need to hide it.
All of us staff know the two of you are truly lovey-dovey.
We're not lovey-dovey at all!
He snuck in without my permission!
Nana.
Ren may try to act cool,
but he's no different from how he was as a kid.
Be a little kinder to him, will you?
Please.
I see...
Yasu is harmless not because he's achieved enlightenment,
or because he sees me as his little sister.
Yasu!
It's simply because... I'm Ren's woman.
Why didn't I ever notice something so obvious before?
This is like a class reunion!
Lots of coincidences, right?
The reason Yasu sacrifices himself...
- to protect me, - You did this on purpose,
- is so he can support Ren, - using us as bait!
- who can't take action himself. - You just wanted to see me, right?!
Yasu's bond with Ren is much stronger
than the one he has with me.
Because they've been together since Ren was born.
In the same orphanage.
My last ray of hope has been severed.
No one can save me from the pain...
of drowning in Ren's love.
It's a destiny I can't escape.
Yo, Nobu. You doing okay?
Y-Yes.
How does this guy manage to throw people in hell
ENTER How does this guy manage to throw people in hell
ENTER just by being there?
His existence itself is evil.
This guy's definitely the Demon Lord.
- Long time no see, Nobu. - Your woman is totally weird.
And you too, Shin. How've you been?
It's been a while, Reira.
There she is. Reira in person.
She has finally made her appearance.
We finally perform on the same stage.
STARE
STARE And she's looking at me.
She's coming!
She's coming.
She's coming.
She's coming!
Glad to meet you, Nana! I'm Reira of Trapnest!
I hope we get along!
Okay!
LOST THE WILL TO FIGHT Okay!
LOST THE WILL TO FIGHT
LOST THE WILL TO FIGHT I can't underestimate this woman.
LOST THE WILL TO FIGHT
What a huge TV!
I coaxed him for the biggest one, and he got it for me.
I also rearranged the room.
Don't you think you're going a little overboard with everything?
You do realize how spoiled you are, don't you?
That's not true! He's being really strict with me.
He tells me if I don't behave,
he won't blow-dry my hair after I take a bath.
Dry it yourself!
I wish eight o'clock would come around quickly.
There's still another two hours!
Time passes whether you want it to or not.
In the meantime, aren't you hungry? Let's order delivery.
If you don't mind salad and spaghetti, I can make that right away.
I made lots of tomato sauce with the tomatoes from your place.
Wow. You've become quite an expert in cooking.
You used to be the expert in falling in love at first sight.
Mhm. It turns out I really enjoy it.
My nausea's subsided,
so I may just attend cooking class and become a real expert.
Seeing that you've found something you're good at,
I guess it was worthwhile coming to Tokyo, after all.
But if I had lived alone,
I probably would've never learned to cook much.
I wouldn't have the urge to cook anything special for myself.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
I guess I like cooking for people and having them enjoy it.
I can feel that even I'm of use in some way.
On top of that,
Nana would always use way too much seasoning in her cooking,
so I ended up cooking almost every day.
So naturally, I got better at it.
I mean, that much sodium can't be good for your health.
Then, I guess it's all thanks to the guru, huh?
Huh?
Nana's also the one who brought you and Takumi together, right?
You've been telling me all kinds of stuff, but you know,
I've never seen you so happy, Nana.
I think you finally have both feet on the ground. I'm relieved.
- Hey, Hachi. Back then... - Here are your positions for the opening.
Everyone, please come forward.
I was full of deep regret for introducing you to Takumi.
But, if you're still with him now, and you're happy,
that makes me feel better.
It's my only ray of hope.
Will you hold me now?
Hold me now?
My frozen heart
Kiss my lips and maybe
you can take me to your world for now
I can't be alone right now
Will you hold me now?
Hold me now?
My frozen heart
I'm lost in a deep winter sleep
I can't seem to find my way out alone
Can you wake me
