You've got plenty blooming lately right in your own garden.
Oh, there's much more to it than being in full bloom.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Tsumo!
Six thousand all.
No way. Come on, give me a break.
Wow, this guy's really strong. Though his attitude sucks.
Shit. At least no one can beat me in Shichi Narabe.
- Shichi Narabe? - It's popular now.
Among our band members, that is.
Every night during the tour we play Shichi Narabe.
It's Naoki's fault for bringing a pack of cards along.
This isn't some school field trip.
Shichi Narabe?
The Trapnest members play this game every night?
I'm beginning to think that Shichi Narabe is a really cool game.
And a game Ren's excited about, saying he won't lose to anyone.
Is it fun? That Shichi Narabe?
Huh? You don't know it?
How can you live life without running into Shichi Narabe at some point?
I'd like to know too, Shin.
So do I.
Teach me how to play Shichi Narabe. I'm getting tired of Mahjongg.
Forget it! I've had enough of Shichi Narabe!
Hey Shin, what sorta life experience
have you had to be able to easily mingle with any group of people?
He's already talking casually with them. He's really something.
Shin, if you're tired of Mahjongg, switch with me.
I'll switch with you. Where's the toilet?
Over there.
So even Takumi goes to the toilet! I'm surprised by the most trivial things.
Oh, no. There's something wrong with me.
In person, Ren and Takumi were a lot different from what I had imagined.
Trapnest hardly appears on TV,
so I could only judge them from their songs and looks.
I had assumed them to be a lot more laid back and cool.
Especially Takumi. He's the band leader
and he's so serious and composed in interviews.
How can I put it... I had created this character
who was calm and composed based on what I assumed of him.
But he's more like a friendly older brother.
These tomatoes are really delicious.
Where did you get them from?
J-Jun-chan's... ah, my friend's family grows them. She gave them to me.
Oh? That's nice.
Tomatoes. Takumi likes tomatoes.
Would you like to take some with you? There's lots more.
Hmm...
I'd love to but I can't. We're back on tour starting the day after tomorrow.
Oh yeah. The tour.
That live concert was really great.
I'm rooting for you. I wish you the best of luck.
So cool! He really is so totally cool in person.
What can I do? I can't take this. My body's frozen.
- It must be Yasu. - He's finally here.
- What took him? - Hachiko, get the door.
I'll go.
Yasu, long time no see. How've you been?
Takumi, what are you doing here?
Classmates?
Yeah, we went to the same junior high school.
Although we really weren't that close. I didn't even wanna get close to him.
- What? - I never knew that either.
You'd always do stuff that raised the question,
As a human being, should you be doing that?
It's amazing you never got sent to juvenile prison.
Unlike you, I'm a delicate person.
Things were hard for me during my childhood.
Then we went to different high schools and started our own bands.
We'd meet at band competitions,
and it's only after that, that we became friends.
It's a small town, after all. Not only at concerts,
but we'd even bump into each other at music studios.
Around then I used to frequent live performances,
but I'd say Trapnest left the strongest impression!
I was especially impressed with the superb female singer!
- Just the singer? - No!
The instrumentals too, of course.
Watch out, Nobu. Takumi can become violent.
So Nobu's a big fan of Reira.
Oh, really? Then should I ask Reira to come?
Huh?!
I'll give her a call.
N-No, but I'll get really nervous around her.
Besides, she doesn't know how to play mahjongg.
Don't call her.
Who cares if she doesn't play mahjongg? I'd love to meet Reira.
Me too.
What about you, Yasu? Can we invite Reira?
It's fine with me, but I wonder if she'd wanna come.
Then I won't tell her that you're here.
Hey!
Wait a minute. What? What was that all about?
Was there something going on between you and Reira, Yasu?
No, nothing. Don't worry about it.
- You don't know. - I don't. What is it?
She won't pick up. Tough luck, right, Yasu?
These tomatoes are really delicious.
Don't change the subject!
What's the big deal? It's all in the past now.
Yasu used to go out with Reira.
Wow! I don't believe this!
Yasu and Ren, you've both been hiding so much!
Once again, I feel totally left out.
Not intentionally. We just don't talk about everything that goes on.
You should!
But I went out with her way back when Ren and I were in our old band.
We broke up before I even met you guys.
There's no reason for me to tell you.
You really had a tough time with Reira.
Not something you'd wanna talk about.
What do you mean a tough time? Stop adding to the truth.
But she always had her way with you.
That's just in her nature.
I guess so.
You mean it's in Reira's nature to have her way with guys?
Well, yeah.
But back then she was still in high school.
She was really cute and I also had my eyes on her,
only to have her snatched away by Yasu. That was tough to accept.
Oh?
How long were you going out?
Let's not talk about this anymore. It was for a short while.
But it did last about a year, didn't it?
- That long? - No, about two years.
That's not a short while at all!
Why did you break up?
I'm not good at defending myself. Can we stop now?
Why am I feeling so gloomy now?
I was so thrilled when I heard Ren was Nana's ex-boyfriend.
But it's a big shock to hear about Yasu and Reira.
It may have been a long time ago,
but the fact he dated such a pretty, talented girl.
Naturally, I'm not within his sights. There's no comparison.
We live in different worlds.
Suddenly, Yasu seems so distant.
But come to think of it, everyone here lives in
a different world than me, a commoner.
They're only being friendly with me because I'm Nana's roommate.
It's your turn, Hachi.
What's the matter? You're spacing out.
Sorry!
Playing cards is boring, isn't it? It's a game for kids.
You're the one who said you wanted to play?!
Hachiko!
Beer. Didn't we have more?
I put all the beer we got in the fridge. Are we out already?
We're out of wine too.
Did you drink all of that yourself?!
Good grief.
Nobu, go buy some more.
Beer, wine, sake and shochu.
Why me? I haven't been drinking.
Green Tea Why me? I haven't been drinking.
Green Tea Who do you suggest go, then?
Who do you suggest go, then?
Get some cigarettes too, okay?
Shit. Maybe I'll start drinking again.
Wait, Nobu. I'll go too.
That's gonna be too much for one person to carry.
Yasu really surprised me.
You know, I was totally shocked.
Oh, right. You like Reira too, right? She's really pretty.
Huh? No, it's not that.
I was shocked because he was keeping it all a secret.
Sure, Reira has a great voice and she's very pretty,
but I'm not that big of a fan.
To me, she's simply a celebrity.
Is she? But once BLAST goes pro, you'll be a celebrity too, Nobu.
- You're just waiting for your turn. - Huh?
What do you mean Huh?
It's been your dream to go pro, right?
Well that's true, but...
being called a celebrity just doesn't ring a bell with me.
I'd love to be recognized for my guitar skills
and eventually make a living with it, but...
I see. You're in this because you genuinely like to play the guitar.
It's not as if you're doing this because you wanna become famous.
That's so cool.
A lot different from my perspective. I'm so into the celebrity hype.
Moreover, when I think of this as a BLAST member,
there's this energy within me that says
Just watch me, I'm gonna make it big.
The fact that Nana and Ren are back together
has added fuel to Nana's feelings to catch up with Ren.
And Shin began playing bass because he admires Ren.
And me too. Ren has been a target for a long time.
And even Yasu. He was so insistent not to go pro,
but now he's teamed up with us in this battle.
Bottom line, we hafta make it big.
We'll defeat Trapnest.
But you know, the fact that Reira and Yasu used to be a couple
gives you an added sense that this is a fateful battle
between Trapnest and BLAST.
A fateful battle? You may be right.
But we haven't even entered the ring yet.
I wonder why they broke up.
This is only speculation, but perhaps it's because
Reira left for Tokyo with the other Trapnest members to go pro.
Back then, Yasu was studying hard locally to become a lawyer
and only saw the band as a hobby.
So those two had different objectives.
Maybe they had their own ideas about the future.
But you know,
if your speculation on the reason Yasu and Reira broke up is correct,
then they could very well get back together if they met,
like Nana and Ren.
No, I'm not sure about that.
I think what happened between Nana and Ren is unique.
Unique?
Unique as in special.
Still loving one another after not hearing from each other for two years
is not something most couples can do.
It's only natural for people's feelings to change as time goes by.
Besides, I think finding that someone who you can
feel so strongly connected to is rare enough.
So you're saying Nana's met her fateful partner?
- Oh, I love such stories. - I knew it.
To be honest, I love them too. Being a romantic guy and all.
You're a romantic guy, Nobu?
Is that something to laugh about?
I hope I can also have such an encounter someday...
with that kinda partner.
But I'd be satisfied with a happiness closer to home.
Like with Aki from the convenience store.
Who's that?
Could Aki from the convenience store be the cashier just now?
No. She's an imaginative character whom I feel close to.
Like Miyo from the tobacco store.
So a virtual Aki and Miyo? He's the fantasy type, just like me.
This is the first time I've talked about stuff like this alone with Nobu.
We think alike. We might just get along well.
Oh, you shouldn't, Nobu. Didn't you say you quit drinking?
Nothing good comes outta drinking, right?
But nothing good happens even if I don't drink.
My parents have disowned me, I get sent out to buy the booze,
I'm weak at mahjongg and I'm short.
I'm not feeling so down anymore.
If I had a boyfriend like Nobu,
I'm sure every day would be so much fun.
But am I thinking about him because Yasu is out of my reach?
What's the deal with that? I keep going after different men.
But it's not like just anyone will do.
Like Jun-chan said, my surroundings are too bountiful.
I'll ask him.
Say, Nobu, don't you have a girlfriend?
I don't.
Presently recruiting within-reach characters.
Super within-reach character
Super within-reach character I might apply.
Super within-reach character
What?! Takumi went home?!
Mhm. He got a call on his cell.
He said it was urgent. A woman issue, maybe?
Yeah, knowing him I'm sure it's a woman issue.
He has no morals.
You're one to talk.
Come on! Why didn't you keep him here until I returned? Nana, you idiot!
Give up on Takumi, Hachiko. He seems to be quite the player.
I don't care about that!
You don't care if he's like that. Then go ahead, do as you please.
That's not what I mean! I wanted his autograph before he left!
So we're talking at that level.
Don't cry, Hachiko. I'll get you Takumi's autograph.
Hachiko?
I'm starting to think the nickname Hachi is actually really cute.
May I have an autograph?!
Autograph Paper May I have an autograph?!
Autograph Paper
Autograph Paper I think she likes me.
Autograph Paper Will just anyone do?
There were many ups and downs, but overall this day was special.
Now that Takumi's gone Hachi's back to her usual self.
She must've been nervous.
- I was too. - Liar.
That day, the only thing Takumi and I really talked about
was Jun-chan's tomatoes.
Still I had a full serving of happiness.
But why is it that there is no limit to the desires of human beings?
Who could it be? What a pest. Let me sleep a bit more.
Shin! Wh-What are you doing in my bed?!
It's so comfortable.
Did you do something?!
No way. Because you won't give me money.
Shin, that's prostitution.
What should I do? He really is sleeping with women for money.
I knew it but... how can I say it...
He is a young man of that certain age,
and he's handsome so naturally he'd be popular among the women.
I thought it was just the process of him growing up.
But for him to say he's not interested unless he gets paid for it?
Is it really okay not to do anything about it?
There's only Nobu here.
What about Yasu? Has he gone home?
But it looks like someone tidied up. Did Yasu clean up?
He's such a great guy.
What about Nana and Ren?
Do not disturb!
The phone.
Oh, hello, Nana? Thank goodness. I called a number of times
but you wouldn't answer so I was getting concerned.
You had so much to drink
so I feared you wouldn't be able to get up on your own.
I've been calling you since this morning.
Were you able to get up okay?
Mhm. Thanks. I just got up now.
Well, you do work for a publishing firm,
so I guess it's not a big deal if you start work in the afternoon.
It's not okay!!
Do you have hay fever?
Oh, you have a cold. Are you feeling all right?
You didn't hafta come if you're not feeling well.
Or in fact, you don't hafta come back anymore.
Ms. Sakagami!
The Chief says I'm fired!
- Naturally. - Huh?
No way. Ms. Sakagami. Although you were hard on me,
I thought you were the kinda person who would stand up for me in the end.
Do you think the world exists for you?!
It's a result of how spoiled you've been acting. Farewell.
If I get thirsty, I can simply buy a can of coffee for 120 yen.
However, I like having my coffee in a cute cafe.
I wanna live in a fancy room.
Wear clothes that are in style. See the popular movies.
Buy the latest cell phone. Get a driver's license.
Travel overseas.
So I need to find a job. I need to work hard.
If I think I'm doing it for all that, working can be fun.
But is it still not enough?
No matter how many things I can think of that I want,
I can't even find the strength to get up from here.
Just one thing would do. If only I had that something
that I could willingly devote all of my energy to.
Unidentified Caller
- Yes? - Nana?
It's me, Takumi.
Do you have a moment to talk?
Sure.
Sorry about yesterday.
You went through all that preparation, yet I left without thanking you.
I wanted to thank you properly so I got your number from Ren.
Thank you for coming. Sorry I couldn't prepare you something nicer.
You're quite the chef.
The food was delicious. Thank you.
Are you still at work? Sorry to bother you while you're busy.
No, it's okay. I was wandering around without anything to do anyway.
Wandering around? Where are you now?
Omotesando.
Huh? Seriously?
I'm in Omotesando too. I'm stuck in traffic.
No way.
Where about?
I'm driving towards Harajuku,., well I'm not moving at the moment.
Towards Harajuku? That's the opposite lane.
The traffic is at a standstill. I'm stopped in front of Gucci.
Which kinda car?
A black Gelandewagen.
A gelen... what? I don't know it. What's it like?
A Mercedes Benz, 4WD.
It's a big car, so it should be easy to spot.
I got it! There it is!
Come over.
That was the beginning of summer when I was twenty.
Let's take a side road and go somewhere. Are you hungry?
The only way I could fill the emptiness inside me was to fall in love.
Hachiko is late.
I guess we can eat first.
She may be doing us a favor.
Since you put that do not disturb sign up.
That Hachiko really is a loyal dog who knows what to do.
Unlike those two stray dogs there.
You got that right.
I wonder how long they plan on staying.
Back then, Nana, everything about the world surrounding you
seemed so bright and shiny.
It's not like just anyone will do.
I wanted to be bathed in the same light.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
