Vivian, the Sex Pistols, Seven Star cigarettes,
coffee with milk, cake with a strawberry on top.
And the lotus flower.
The things Nana liked were always the same.
I used to think that was cool because I could never stick to one thing.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Is that all you got?
Yup. I've asked my Mom to send the rest of my stuff for me by courier.
I'm going to buy new furniture and anything else I need.
How about you, Nana?
I got my guitar and this. That's it.
What about your other stuff?
Let's see...
Write everything you need on a piece of paper.
I'll send them to you when I get back.
Get back?
Yasu just came up to sign the papers for me.
He lives back home.
Huh? He's your guarantor?
What about your parents?
- Here's the list, Yasu. - That was fast.
Oh, I get it! You ran away from home!
You seem like the type.
And what type is that?
You're really from a posh family
and your parents were against you being in a rock band!
Nana from a posh family?
She isn't?
What are you laughing at?!
Let me see, three boxes and... is that it?
It's not even worth the trouble sending.
Don't change the subject!
What about the other apartment? Are you going to leave it as is?
Don't ask me. That's not my apartment.
Why don't you ask him?
But he's so busy,
it's almost impossible to get a hold of him.
Then leave it alone.
He's the one that keeps paying the rent.
But that was for you...
I never asked him to. I was planning to pay my own rent.
Though I admit it was helpful until now.
Hey, what are you guys talking about?
Just stuff like, you can never figure out what rich people are up to.
Hey, that's not nice.
Well then, I guess it's time for us poor folk
to go out shopping for bare necessities.
Yes! We'll first need an air conditioner.
A space heater will do us just fine.
Well, I guess I'll be going then.
Huh?! You leaving so soon? Why don't you stay a night?
By all means. Please stay.
Although we can't provide much hospitality.
Thanks. I'd really love to,
but I've got a lot of work piled up.
Oh right. You are a lawyer, after all.
We'll see you off at the station on our way out shopping.
No, that's okay. I'll get a cab to the airport.
Suit yourself.
Nana, why don't you go see him off at the airport?
I'll do the shopping.
Don't worry about seeing me off.
Well then. Hang in there.
Thanks a lot for everything, Yasu.
Call me if you need any help. I'll be here in a flash.
I was sure that skinhead lawyer Nana calls Yasu
was her boyfriend or something, but Nana was sure quick to deny that.
Yasu was a member of the band I was in back home.
He was the leader and easy to rely on.
So I guess he's kind of like an older brother to me.
But, he came all the way to Tokyo to sign a piece of paper.
To me that spells love.
That spells love?
Yasu's like that with anyone.
Helping others along is second nature to him.
I think he was born to be a lawyer.
Then do you have another boyfriend?
Hey there's a dollar store. Let's get a bunch of stuff here.
Let's find a shop that has cute stuff.
Then we'll go our separate ways.
W-Wait!
Hey Nana, don't you think these cups are super cute?
You'd never imagine they're only a dollar each.
Strawberries?
No?
If you want it, go ahead and buy it.
Forget it then.
Why?!
Because. If you're not interested, I don't want it either.
I wanna use the same things you do.
I don't care what we use. Let's just get the shopping done.
But you don't like this, do you? The strawberries.
Ah, sure I love strawberries...
Then I'm getting these.
I feel for Shoji.
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, you're like... you know.
Kinda like a dog.
I am?
You kinda stick around friendly-like and you're real sincere,
but you need a lot of caring.
Like, not that I mind,
I was thinking about getting a pet anyway.
Hey Hachi, want me to buy you a toy?
Hachi? Don't you have a cuter name for me?
We got a lot of stuff pretty close by.
There are a lot of cute shops around here too,
and the station area is pretty convenient,
considering we're on the outskirts of town.
That's Tokyo for you.
All we need now are futons, a space heater, lights, a fridge, and...
Hey! Who's gonna carry it all?
Look, this looks like a nice furniture shop!
Let's check it out!
We'll check out furniture later. Come along, Hachi.
Aw, but they got cool lighting and stuff.
Oh? Then just a peek.
All this stuff is really cool! And cheap!
Well done, Hachiko.
Yay! Found a cute space heater!
I'm getting this for my room.
That looks like a good one for the living room, don't you think?
How cute!
Says it's made in the fifties. Is it usable?
Not a problem. It's been fixed up.
Feel free to look around.
Our merchandise is all used goods from the fifties to the seventies.
I go overseas myself and find the real bargains.
I recommend everything here.
Is that so? So that's why everything's so reasonably priced!
Hey, you're speaking in a different voice.
You can rest at ease.
There's nothing here that's not of good value.
Normally these things would be a lot more expensive.
It's just a matter of me not making any profit.
Hey come on, quit the chatter and make up your mind already.
But they're all so nice, I can't decide.
Are you looking for something in particular?
Oh, all kinds of things.
We just moved and the apartment's still bare.
How about these folding chairs? They're a set of two.
We'll take'em!
Oh, and how about that?
It's cute and suits your image perfectly.
Then I'll take it.
Look at it before you decide.
So you guys are Nana and Hachi? What a combination.
Well actually, my name is Nana too,
but it's confusing to have the same name, so Nana...
Was that the reason? It's because you're like a pet dog.
Come by again and take a closer look around.
Yes sir! We'll definitely be back!
Come to think of it,
do you think we can get the refrigerator and the washing machine delivered today?
If you don't mind it being late,
I can bring it over myself after I close up.
You're not that far.
Are you sure? Thanks.
Then could ya bring this other stuff with ya?
Nana, that's asking a bit much, don't you think?
Don't worry about it. I'm going anyway.
Oh, Mr. Mizukoshi, you're too nice.
Is everyone in Tokyo this nice?
When did you get his name?
Tell you the truth, I'd like to go while there's still daylight
and set up your lights for you.
But the kid watching shop for me quit, so I can't get out. It's a problem...
If I can do the job, I'll work for you!
Wow, am I ever lucky!
I never expected to land a job so quickly!
It's like luck has suddenly landed on me.
Thank you, Demon Lord!
You flirt.
D-Don't get me wrong!
The reason I said I wanted to work there
was because I liked the shop,
not because Mr. Mizukoshi is twenty-nine and cool,
not to mention single...
You checked him out?
But he doesn't look like he's almost thirty, does he?
I was surprised!
I thought he was in his early twenties.
Oh yeah, you're the love-at-first-sight champion.
H-How do you know that?
You spilled it all out on the train the other day.
M-Maybe I did...
But anyway, I have no idea what you see in that Mizukoshi.
Then who's your type, Nana?
My type?
For example, who's your favorite celebrity?
Sid Vicious!
Of the Sex Pistols?
So you know them. You listen to the Sex Pistols?
No, but I saw the movie, Sid and Nancy.
Figures. There are bound to be a few people like this.
Hey, Nana, the futons are on the seventh floor.
Seven again?
Hey Nana, I was just thinking.
What is it, Hachi?
You know how we walk into our apartment with our shoes on?
I mean, Tokyo is not a foreign country.
So what's the big deal?
Well, doesn't it bother you to lay futons on the floor?
Don't you think it's kinda dirty?
Well then, I guess we could go with sleeping bags.
No! I won't go for that!
Mizukoshi! You got beds?!
Thanks for your patronage!
Oh great. Now we can start living.
And he gave us such a discount. He's so kind, Mr. Mizukoshi.
Well, if you buy that much off of him, it's to be expected.
Hello! Nana here!
You're Hachi, remember?
Hi Shoji! I'm out doing some shopping with Nana.
I'm not being pushy. We're getting along fine.
Oh yeah?
Shoji, are you still at work?
Yeah. But it looks like I'm gonna get off early tonight,
so you wanna meet me for dinner at Jackson?
You said you wanted to go there once.
Oh that place you always go to?! Sure, I'd love to go!
Nana, do you wanna join us? Shoji's treating us to dinner!
Hey! I never said I was paying!
But Mizukoshi's coming over this evening, so someone'd better be home.
Oh you're right.
Mizukoshi?
Hey no worries.
I'll just stay home, so you go ahead on your date.
- But... - Hey Nana!
Hmm... So you're gonna choose Mizukoshi over Shoji?
Hello Shoji? Where should I meet you, at what time?!
Who the heck is Mizukoshi?
Th-The old man at the furniture shop!
Nana. Why'd you say that? Shoji heard you.
I know he took it wrong.
And I'm going to be working at Mizukoshi's starting tomorrow.
Well then, I suggest you not do anything to make him suspicious.
Come on.
Hey Nana. I've been looking for this CD.
Would you mind if we look in that shop?
I don't mind, but do you have a CD player?
Well, if you wanna use mine, that's fine by me.
Thank you!
I hope they're not sold out.
Great, they still had a few left!
The new Trapnest album went on sale today!
I just love them.
If you'd like, you should listen to them, too.
They're super cool.
Hang on a minute while I go and pay for this.
Thanks for waiting!
It came with a poster.
Don't tell me you're gonna put that up in the apartment.
Why not? I'm going to put it my own room anyway.
What are you? A junior high school student?
But I like them so much, I'm even a member of the fan club.
They're having a concert soon.
I bought two tickets. Wanna go?
Take Shoji.
That's what I first thought, but on second thought,
I can't really stand next to Shoji and scream for some other guy.
I like the guy on bass, Takumi, a lot.
Really.
Naoki on the drums is cool, too.
But you gotta admit.
The best thing about Trapnest is the vocalist, Layla.
Her voice and her face are so pretty. I so admire her.
Hey, what about the other guy?
Huh? The other guy?
You know, the guy on the guitar. The most noticeable one.
- Oh, Ren? - Just oh?
Sure Ren's cool and he's the most popular,
but he doesn't say much and he seems kinda scary.
I guess he's not really my type.
What? What's funny?
Oh, nothing.
Serves you right.
Hey, come to think of it,
Ren kinda looks like Sid from the Sex Pistols, doesn't he?
You think so? Sid's a million times cooler.
Nana, you dropped your lighter.
Oh, thanks.
Hey, Nana. Are you sure you don't mind me going out and leaving you here?
Go ahead. You're gonna be out all night anyway, right?
Don't you have dates or stuff like that yourself?
Not at all.
Don't you have a boyfriend?
Not to speak of.
I thought so.
Huh?
Nana, you actually like Yasu, don't you?
You probably have mixed feelings and stuff,
but if you hang on to that stiff upper lip, you're gonna let happiness slip by.
Thanks for the wise words.
Okay then, I'm off.
Give my regards to Mr. Mizukoshi, the 29-year-old!
Oh my, your door's wide open.
You'd wonder why we had locks put on our doors.
If you hang on to that stiff upper lip, you're gonna let happiness slip by.
You like this?
I got it from a street vendor.
It's a Sid Vicious pad lock.
And who are you? Nancy?
So what are you going to do putting a lock on me?
Hey Ren. If I were to die, would you die with me?
Okay.
I've spent my whole life feeling lonely.
I don't ever wanna be lonely again.
Thanks for a delicious meal!
Everything was so good.
You sure ate a lot! You're gonna get fat.
But it was so good.
Especially the hamburger. That was the best!
Nana. If you're gonna start working at Sabrina's tomorrow,
come by for lunch.
Sure! I'll come every day.
Looking forward to seeing you, Koichi Sato.
You just met the man and it's like you're best of friends already.
The burgers here,
you can have them prepared for take-out, too, right?
Can I get one to go? A Jackson burger.
Okay.
You're gonna eat more?!
No, it's for Nana.
Oh, I see.
I'll make it right away. Give me a minute.
Nana, are you thinking of going home already?
It's only ten o'clock.
But I wanna get the burger to Nana before it gets cold.
Then why don't you go and give it to her, then come on over to my place.
Shoji, are you drunk? I can see exactly what your motives are.
Come on, it's only once in awhile.
It's not once in awhile. It's been every day since I arrived.
Yesterday, you said you were tired, yet twice...
There's nothing wrong with that, is there?
We're finally able to see each other every day like this.
You're right. I still feel like I'm in the middle of a dream.
But not today!
Taxi!
Why?
Nana's stuck in that empty room all by herself.
She'll be lonely.
That girl's not the kind to get lonely!
Besides what are you catching a cab for? You live close by.
Let me walk you home.
I'll be all right! I've got a job now!
I wanna get this hamburger home while it's warm. Every minute counts.
Aren't you going a bit overboard?
See ya!
You may go now.
You mean to tell me she's fallen in love with that girl?
I'm sorry, Shoji.
You can go to Sachiko's place tonight if you want to.
I ran up the seven flights of stairs as fast as I could.
When I opened the door, I could see that the bedding and beds had arrived,
but there was Nana fast asleep by the heater,
wrapped up in a single blanket.
Hey Nana. You were so cool, strutting your stuff like a stray cat.
Free and proud.
But you always had that hurt in you that could never heal.
Me? I was so footloose and fancy free, I even thought that hurt was cool.
Not knowing how badly it hurt.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
