Without even exchanging a single word with Takumi,
I kissed him all the way to my bed.
That was when
I sensed Nana leaving the apartment.
In the back of my head,
which at the time had a severed circuit,
I thought to myself that she must've gone to see Ren.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
Hey Nobu, let's go home already.
I'll pay for the taxi.
If you wanna go, then just go.
Let me stay at your place.
Go to one of your women.
I'm not in the mood for that.
That Takumi is so annoying.
Hachi is our pet. How dare he steal her away.
Don't talk about her as if she's a dog.
But doesn't it piss you off? Get her back, Nobu.
You like Hachi, don't you?
It's impossible.
You coward.
There's nothing I can do about it! Hachi likes him.
But that's just as a fan, right?
It might've started off like that, but once she actually met him,
she's become serious about him!
Otherwise, she wouldn't have gone off with him.
But it was the day after they met, right?
Would she become serious so quickly?
I think it was no more than just being in the heat of the moment.
Do you realize what you're saying?!
Hachi isn't that kinda woman!
I just know that Takumi cleverly worked his charm on her,
and Hachi fell for it.
He deceived her.
Are you sure? I don't think Hachi's that stupid.
It's not about how stupid she is.
She's naIve! And she's way too honest!
I know that, but you know,
I noticed how you were disappointed about Reira after meeting her.
Aren't you idealizing the creature known as woman a bit too much?
Do you think that women don't have sexual desires?
I'm talking about only Hachi right now!
Don't you dare group her together with the easy women looking after you!
I don't necessarily think
that the women wanting to sleep with me are easy.
I do think they're shallow though.
They're all just lonely.
In Hachi's case, don't you think that
maybe she was lonely too; after her break-up with her boyfriend?
But you hesitated to take action,
so Takumi ended up walking off with her.
It may very well have happened in the heat of the moment,
but knowing Hachi,
she may become more and more serious about him.
But if Takumi continues treating this relationship in that manner,
Hachi is obviously gonna get hurt.
Are you okay with that, Nobu? I don't like it one bit.
You know, it's a bit surprising.
No matter how I look at it,
your actions are just as bad as Takumi's,
so you're not in any position to talk that way about him.
But for you to do so shows how fond you are of Hachi.
Hachi's the one who's fond of me.
Stop talking about her as if she's some dog.
You know, all the women I know want me,
whether it's my body or my heart.
But with Hachi, she's just kind to me
without expecting anything from me in return.
I really feel a sense of love.
But when you fall in love,
it's human nature to want everything about that person for yourself.
Is that so?
If you want her, go for it.
Well, I do believe that, like you just said,
real love is expressed by looking after the one you love...
without expecting... anything in return...
But I can't take this. I cannot forgive that guy!
I can feel true love from you, Nobu.
Sir! Your change!
What's the matter?
Sorry. It's not important.
Just tell me! What time do you think it is?
It's four in the morning!
You can't hold back now after calling me out at this hour.
Coffee.
Certainly.
What about you? A cafe au lait?
I-I'm fine.
Order something. I'll treat if you're short on cash.
Are you hungry?
To be honest, I was worried because I have no money.
How much do you need? I don't have a lot on me, though.
No, it's not that!
I forgot my purse.
I realized I didn't have it with me after I sat down in the restaurant.
So I called you to save me.
Don't laugh!
So that's all it was?
Then why didn't you say so in the first place?
You said help with such a stern voice.
You had me wondering.
I said I'm sorry.
It's okay. I'm relieved.
I'm relieved that it wasn't something more serious.
Anyway, order something.
What are you hesitating for? It's not like you.
They have cake. Strawberry cake. Have it.
But what are you doing drinking tea here alone at this time of night,
this close to your home?
Something did happen, right? Did you have a fight with Nana?
Takumi is at our place.
I didn't wanna get in their way.
When I look at these things, it really doesn't seem like me.
Do I really look like this?
Sorry, were you sleeping?
You fall asleep right after having sex, don't you?
You fell asleep quickly the last time, too.
I wasn't really asleep the last time.
I was faking it because I was sad that you were so quick to leave.
But now, I know you'll stay with me when you have the time.
What did you just say?
I said you were holding back the last time,
but today you were amazing.
Who taught you?
No one!
I'm kinda jealous.
There's not one thing about me that you should be jealous about!
Don't you have a boyfriend?
That's not a question you'd normally ask in this situation.
No, I don't.
Really? I'm glad.
He's glad?!
But you're cute, so I'll bet you're popular with the guys.
No way. I'm not at all popular.
You're the popular one, Mr. Takumi.
Please, drop the Mr..
T-Takumi, you're popular with women,
so you must have many girlfriends.
No, no luck there. Not at all.
No way.
I may be stupid, but not stupid enough to fall for that line.
Huh?
There's no way you're not popular with girls.
No. I really am no good. I lead such a lonely life.
There's just no way!
The fact is, I give my work priority,
and end up not paying enough attention to any woman.
I'm not one to answer emails promptly,
and I'm often unable to keep promises I make.
So I have never been in a long-term relationship.
Every once in a while, when I get some time off,
I'll contact a girl from the past only to have her coldly tell me,
I'm not interested in you.
What a waste!
But you can't help it with you being so busy with your work.
You're the only one who's said anything so understanding, Nana.
That's because, although I'm a fan of yours,
I'm a fan of Trapnest first and foremost.
I am counting on you to continue to work hard
and produce new tunes.
You're really cute.
Nana...
I don't wanna give you up to anyone.
Be mine forever.
So Takumi's there.
What for?
He came to do it with her.
No sooner than he arrives, they're making out in the doorway.
Hachiko is in tears.
What the hell? When did this happen?
I don't know.
There's no way you couldn't have known.
When I say I don't know, I mean I don't know!
But what's wrong with that?
Hachiko is free to go out with whoever she wants.
But I have a problem with letting her date Takumi.
He has always been such a womanizer, it's not funny.
But if she's in love with him it can't be helped!
A woman's happiness is to be in the arms of the man she loves,
regardless what kinda person he is!
She'll have no regrets, no matter how badly she gets hurt!
That may be true for you, but...
Besides, given Hachiko's cuteness,
Takumi may end up falling head over heels for Nana!
Just like how Ren fell for me.
There's always a small chance that will happen, but...
Anyway, I'm on Hachi's side.
I really was thinking
how great it would be if she found a boyfriend.
On top of that, if this boyfriend is Takumi,
whom she's always adored, all the better.
I wanna cheer her on as a friend.
But...
Why did it have to be Takumi of all people?
What you are saying isn't making any sense.
Besides, aren't you the one
who set up the meeting between Takumi and Nana?
I know that. But I never imagined that it would end up like this!
Yeah. You never knew about the terrible things
Takumi has been known to do.
Come on! I could care less about the terrible things
Takumi has been known to do!
Then what do you not like about this?
Why does Trapnest continue to take away the things I hold most dear to me?
But it's not as if either Ren or Hachiko belong to me.
I realize it's not right to think in those terms.
No matter if we're always together,
each one of us is living a different life.
I know it's impossible to try and make someone yours.
But there are times
when it makes me so lonely, it's unbearable.
Maybe I was in fact thinking of Hachiko as my pet dog.
I'm the worst.
I'm gonna catch a cab and go straight to the office now.
Come with me.
You can continue this discussion with Ren.
INCOMING MAIL REN THE PARTY IS OVER. I'LL BE AT HOME WAITING FOR YOU.
Sorry, Yasu.
I keep depending on your kindness, don't I?
I realize it, but...
If you do, then I wish you'd grow up already.
As long as you keep calling me out at this hour,
I'm never gonna find a girlfriend.
I'll try to grow up before you get back with Reira.
Why should I hafta get back together with Reira?
Because my fate is to have everyone I hold dear
taken away by the members of Trapnest.
Then the same goes for me, too.
The woman I was dating left me to go to Tokyo with Trapnest.
My best friend was recruited to join the band.
And on top of that, our vocalist is Trapnest's guitarist's woman.
You're right!
Why am I being all cheerful about seeing the guitarist of our biggest enemy
this early in the morning?!
Cheerful? That's good to hear.
Maybe I should go home.
Go and see him.
Damn! Why is this happening?!
This must be what Hachi means
when she talks about the Demon Lord!
Or it's more like Trapnest is an army of Demon Lords.
You and Ren are really alike.
I just remembered
how Ren told me something similar to what you just said,
before he left for Tokyo.
That in the end, we are all alone.
No matter how hard you try to be close to someone, you cannot become one,
and it's impossible to make someone belong to you.
I know that it's impossible.
But sometimes I really strongly wish that Nana belonged only to me.
Then I could put her in the pocket of my leather jacket
and take her to Tokyo with me.
No, she wouldn't fit in there.
Why not just tell her that you want her to come with you?
That's cool! I'll give it a try.
Yeah, do it.
You can live your life however you like.
There's a sea in Tokyo, too. I had forgotten.
Nice view, isn't it? Wanna live here with me?
I'll think about it.
That day, Takumi ate most of the leftovers from the night before.
Then right after noon, he told me he had work to do and left.
I was restless,
wanting to tell Nana everything that happened as soon as possible,
before this feeling of happiness had a chance to cool down.
Nana's late. She said she had no plans today.
Is she still at Ren's place? I wonder.
But if Takumi has work today, then so does Ren.
Even on our days off, we have things to do.
I'm sorry. I'll call you later.
I wonder, does he really have to work?
No, I'll believe him.
I'm not like those other women. I'm gonna understand him.
To Nana. What time will you be coming home?
There are many things I wanna talk to you about.
WHAT TIME WILL YOU BE COMING HOME? THERE ARE MANY THINGS I WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT. There are many things I wanna talk to you about.
WHAT TIME WILL YOU BE COMING HOME? THERE ARE MANY THINGS I WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
You're home!
I'm home... Wow, that has a nice ring to it.
Sorry, sorry. It's you, Nobu. I thought it was Nana.
Ah, Nana's not here?
No, I think she's at Ren's place.
I see.
Sorry. Anyway, come in.
I was just writing Nana an email,
but why don't we give her a call instead?
Ah, no. I didn't come here to see Nana. It's you, Hachi.
Er, Nana. I need to talk to you.
To me?
I'm fine! I'm not gonna rely on the power of alcohol.
What's the matter?
Did something happen?
I can't.
Can't what?
I'll be back again!
What the?!
There's not a single thing I'm superior in.
It's impossible. I can't compete against him.
What are you talking about? Let me help you!
But... I promise you, one day, I'll be better than him.
Than who?
Takumi.
You have two messages.
Yasu! It's me, Naoki! I also left a message on your cell!
I wanna meet with you while I'm off, so could you make some time for me?
I'll invite Reira, too! See ya later!
What is it with everyone?
This is Kawano of Gaia Records.
I had a chance to review the demo tape and live video you sent us.
I would be interested in talking with you.
Are you serious about this?
That comes out to 1,215 yen.
Oh, Nana, I'll take care of that.
It's okay. They're my things.
I reached into the sky
I reached into the sky Then I'll get this, too.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
But I couldn't reach what I wanted Hey, Nana.
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
But I couldn't reach what I wanted We were always together, yet, I didn't understand you one bit.
We were always together, yet, I didn't understand you one bit.
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky We were always together, yet, I didn't understand you one bit.
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
Like colorful balloons Forgive me for not realizing that I had been hurting you.
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
Starless night
Even if your lips spill weak words
I want to believe in your warmth
Endless love
I even love your contradictions
You are my shining star
You are my shining star
