That night, I became worried about Nana
since she hadn't replied to the email I sent her.
That worry soon turned to anxiety.
As it passed midnight, unable to bear it,
I reached for my cell phone.
That's when it rang to indicate
that I had just received an email.
I'LL BE STAYING AT REN'S PLACE TONIGHT. I'LL LISTEN TO YOUR STORIES TOMORROW, SO DON'T WORRY AND GO TO SLEEP, HACHIKO.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
You know, I'm actually only half Japanese.
My dad is American.
He got sick and died when I was six.
But when Japanese people hear that I'm half American,
they're quick to conclude I'm pretty because of that,
and that's why I have a good voice.
So our talent agency advised us to keep it a secret,
so people would think I'm super talented
in spite of me being Japanese just like everyone else.
I don't care either way, as long as I can sing.
The people around me can be pests in other ways, too.
Like, they tell me not to do or say anything that'll hurt my image.
Hurt my image or not, this is who I am.
Being human can be so tiring.
The next day, it started raining hard early in the morning.
As a result, people were scarce at the supermarket where I worked.
The smell of the dumplings that wouldn't sell,
lingered on my hair and clothes, making work totally unbearable.
So you failed to go through with it.
Shut up!
But even Hachi must have figured out your feelings for her, Nobu.
She could be at a loss right now
since you only partially confessed your feelings to her.
What am I doing, causing her problems?
These aren't any good.
Do you have a light?
I don't. Say, where did you forget that huge lighter you had?
How do you lose something you wear around your neck?
What am I gonna do? I really liked it.
It's a rare item, so it's hard to find another one.
It's divine punishment. You've upset the Demon Lord.
You think so?
Huh?
Hey, Yasu.
Where's Nana?
Not here yet.
So, how did it go with the record company?
I'll tell you when Nana gets here.
Come on, you can tell us.
What are you talking about?
Oh, Shin.
I couldn't reach you on your cell since last night.
You had me worried.
I'm glad to see you're alive.
Another woman. Give it a rest, would you?
It's work.
Don't call it work!
Yasu!
How was it with the record company?
Like I said, what are you talking about?!
You've been scouted?!
Wait... Wait a minute...
Calm... Calm down... You need to calm down, Nana!
You're the one who needs to calm down.
Okay, now calm down,
and you shall tell me what happened in the proper order.
You shall?
What happened was,
we casually distributed demo tapes and a video of our live concert
to various record companies.
Then one of them liked what they saw and contacted us.
Gaia Records.
That's a super famous label! Even I know them!
Yeah, I guess. Biggest in the music industry.
Will you be able to debut?
No, not yet. We're not quite there yet.
Aww...
You know, Yasu met with a guy from Gaia today.
He apparently wants to come to our next concert.
If we do well, he'll seriously consider signing us.
I see. Then I'm sure things'll go well.
The live performance of BLAST is outta this world, after all.
Right? We've practically won this battle.
It'll be a breeze!
A breeze? You're beaming with confidence.
When's your next live concert? The end of the month, isn't it?
The 28th.
We'd better let Misato know.
We were all pumped up at our practice today.
Nobu's guitar strings kept snapping.
I promise you, one day, I'll be better than him.
Takumi.
You should've come after work today.
You know... Nana...
Yesterday... Er... The day before yesterday? Huh?
Anyway, the day of Trapnest's final concert.
Takumi came here late that night.
Yeah, I know. Actually, I saw you all lovey-dovey.
I called out to you, but you didn't even notice me.
I knew it. I'm sorry.
Wh-What about?
That time, I wasn't thinking clearly. I'll bet you were surprised.
I hadn't told you anything prior to that.
Yeah, I was surprised,
but there's nothing to apologize about, is there?
Since the fact that Takumi came to our place
meant that the party was over,
I figured you had gone out to see Ren.
But then I started thinking that you might've left outta courtesy to us,
and started getting concerned.
No, you're wrong.
I got an email from Ren, so I went to see him.
I see. Thank goodness.
But Nana, you told me that you won't have Ren stay over
because I'd feel obligated to be hospitable.
I'll be more careful from now on, too.
No, never mind.
Actually, I'm thinking of staying at Ren's place for a while.
Huh?
Want a drink?
Yes. Or, ah... You're gonna stay at Ren's place?
Just for the two weeks that Trapnest has off.
He tells me they rarely get this much time to themselves to relax,
so I thought I'd be with him during that time.
I see. Well, naturally.
Of course she'd wanna be with Ren.
So the same goes for you.
Don't hesitate to have Takumi come here every day
during that period.
He's not likely to come here every day.
Takumi told me he's busy even during the days he's off.
But I guess that could be a lie.
No, I don't think that's a lie.
Since he's normally really busy, it's likely that
he has a ton of non-work related stuff to catch up on during his time off.
Ren was saying something similar to that, too.
I'm glad.
It's gonna be all right. He'll be here again soon.
I didn't think you'd cheer me on like this.
That's why I couldn't bring myself to tell you anything.
I'm sorry.
Why?
I thought you'd despise me.
Despise you?
Sleeping with my favorite musician and stuff.
That's just plain foolish, don't you think?
Even I think it's foolish.
What are you saying?
Sure, Takumi may just happen to be a successful musician,
but regardless of that fact, you've fallen in love with him, right?
Regardless?
Yeah.
I wonder.
To me, Takumi is simply Takumi from Trapnest.
I've never thought of him as anything else.
When I think of him as some random guy,
he does seem to be a really horrible person.
You know...
I can't stand girls who'd casually sleep with a guy like that
just for the thrill of doing it with a celebrity.
But how could I despise you
after seeing you shed tears like that in his arms?
Even Takumi must've felt pure love for you
when he saw you cry like that straight from your heart.
If he didn't feel love, he would've been uncomfortable.
Like, what mess did I get myself into having a girl cry on me like this?
So it's gonna be all right.
Good luck.
People close to you may worry and say things to you regarding Takumi.
Yasu especially has a tendency to worry.
But don't let it bother you.
Which reminds me, Nana. About that...
About what?
About me and Takumi... you know...
You were saying that you saw us.
Did you tell everyone about it, Nana?
Sorry. I did tell Yasu. Is that bad?
No, it's not about Yasu, but rather Nobu.
I wonder if Yasu told him anything.
No, that's not it!
Nobu and Shin heard it from Takumi at the party.
He said that she was wagging her tail looking all pleased.
Then Nobu lost it.
What did you just say?!
Well, but he didn't mean any disrespect.
And the fact that he went to see Hachi after that is so unlike him.
He usually hates getting into such hassle over a woman.
When Shin poured his drink over Takumi,
I was sure he'd never want anything to do with her again,
but I guess he does have feelings for Hachiko.
What did Takumi tell them at the party?
It seems that he told everyone that you two started going out.
That we're going out?
I'll bet he casually and jokingly told everyone
that I did it with her in that way he always acts.
You know him well.
But what was that about Nobu
that you brought up a moment ago?
Did something happen with Nobu?
What happened is... last night...
Nobu suddenly showed up and said he needed to talk to me.
He said something about becoming better than Takumi,
or something like that...
I'm not really sure what that was all about, but... well...
Yeah. In other words, he came to confess his love.
You think that was what it was, too?
But it's not as if he actually said that.
He probably couldn't.
You know, everyone's sorta caught on to the fact that he's in love with you.
I had no idea about that! What am I gonna do?
Oh. So that's why you didn't drop by the studio today?
Well...
Don't worry about it.
There's nothing you can really do about it, is there?
Since you love Takumi.
But...
So you're saying Nana's met her soul mate?
To be honest, I love them, too. Being a romantic guy and all.
But I'd be satisfied with a happiness closer to home.
There's not a single thing I'm superior in.
It's impossible.
I can't compete against him.
I can't just leave it at that.
I've gotta make things clear.
If you know that, then don't just sit there grumbling.
Go and follow up on what you told her.
Should Hachi never set foot in the studio again,
it'll all be your fault.
I'm going in for the attack knowing I'm gonna get shot down.
I feel like I'm on a suicide mission.
A suicide mission?
Shit! If only there was one thing I could beat him at!
Sure there is.
What?
My phone.
Aren't you gonna answer it?
I'm going out.
Work?
Don't get arrested.
You can't go on stealing other people's clothes!
And that's my best suit!
Wait, Shin. Answer my question!
What can I beat him at?
Love.
Hello, Shin here.
Yes. Yes, I'm sorry. I was being careless.
Then can I go now to pick it up?
You forgot it on purpose, didn't you?
Come on in.
Reira.
Payment in advance.
The wind carried Nana's song to my ears.
It's the same song Nobu played on that cassette player
the day he came to Tokyo.
That song's my number one favorite song in the world.
That girl...
Ms. Yamada-whose-age-is-a-mystery will come yelling again.
I'm sorry about suddenly coming over last night
and blurting out weird nonsense.
So, now that I've come to see you like this again,
this time, I'm gonna be direct with you.
I love you.
That's not what I had in mind when I asked you to come in.
Then I have no reason to be here, so I'm going home.
Don't you want your lighter?
If you want it, you can have it.
I'm sorry, Shin.
You can have it back, so don't be mad.
It's a lie that I charge one hundred thousand a night.
I occasionally receive expensive gifts,
but I had never had someone hand me 100,000 yen in cash.
It's the first time you ever bought a man, isn't it, Reira?
You fooled me at first with your act as a naughty girl,
but I can easily tell whether or not
a girl's had a history of fooling around once we get into bed.
You don't hafta try and be so tough.
I do feel uneasy about accepting 100,000 for that,
so if you'd like, I will spend another night with you.
Call me whenever you feel up to it.
Good night, Reira. Sweet dreams.
My soul is confused.
My heart is shaking.
I feel as if I made a big mistake.
I know that I'm not being fair by saying this now.
Since I know about you and Takumi.
I didn't want you to know.
You're in love with him, aren't you?
I really didn't want anyone to know.
I wonder, do I really love Takumi?
Maybe I just wanna convince myself that it was okay to sleep with him.
I don't know anymore.
I'm sorry.
You couldn't come to the studio today even if you wanted to,
because of what I said, right?
I'm sorry, that's not it! I was working today!
I don't mind,
so please drop by like you've been doing.
Everyone feels a bit lonely without your presence, Hachi.
Actually, it's me who gets sad.
Thank you.
Thank goodness.
That's good enough for me.
What should I do?
I feel so happy.
Be mine forever.
I'm many times happier now than hearing those words from Takumi
which I can't be sure are true or not.
What good is it to keep this empty cigarette pack?
If this hadn't happened between Takumi and me,
I'm sure I would've fallen for Nobu.
I would've loved to be Nobu's girlfriend.
But if Takumi were to come and see me again,
I'd likely end up sleeping with him again.
I probably won't resist it.
What in the world do I want?
If I always get carried away like this, I'll never get my hands on anything.
When I woke up the next morning, Nana was no longer there.
There was a note on the table.
TO HACHIKO DON'T FORGET TO LOCK THE DOOR. LOSE THAT HABIT OF OPENING THE DOOR TO ANYONE WITHOUT CONFIRMING WHO IT IS FIRST. NANA There was a note on the table.
TO HACHIKO DON'T FORGET TO LOCK THE DOOR. LOSE THAT HABIT OF OPENING THE DOOR TO ANYONE WITHOUT CONFIRMING WHO IT IS FIRST. NANA
It's not something I should be feeling lonely about.
I can see her whenever I want at the studio.
Besides, it's only for two weeks.
After those two weeks... she will return here, won't she?
Hey Nana... Even now, not a day passes
without me wishing to see you on the other side of that table.
I'd call out your name from my heart.
Many times.
As many times as it takes.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
