Trapnest means a nest box with a trap.
Once you enter, you cannot get out on your own.
I figured it was a name a possessive man would think of.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
NANA BECAUSE HACHIKO'S NOT FEELING WELL, I WON'T BE DROPPING BY FOR A WHILE. BUT YOU BEGIN RECORDING TOMORROW, SO YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO LEAVE THE STUDIO ANYWAY, RIGHT? WELL, DO YOUR BEST.
Mr. Honjo.
Mr. Honjo.
Excuse me.
We've arrived at your place.
How do you open the garage door?
Oh, well, you insert the key there...
Key?
The card key. First you insert it... Oh, such a drag.
Say, Kinoshita. How do you plan to get home at this hour?
I'll take a taxi.
Why not use this to go home?
What?! Are you sure?!
You know, I would be happy
if you could come pick me up in that tomorrow.
Not a problem at all!
If you'd like, I could use the company car
to pick you up and drop you off every day!
With the tough schedule you keep, it would be dangerous driving every day.
Imagine if you got in an accident and this car is totaled.
You're more worried about the car than about me.
But you're driving a super rare 1965 Mustang Shelby!
I didn't care what car I drive so long as it moves,
but Takumi went through the trouble of finding it for me.
Something about our image.
You know, Mr. Honjo, you've got all this money and ability,
but you don't desire for much, do you?
Even your songs.
You write them according to Takumi's instructions.
I believe your true talents shine through when you play punk.
As long as I get to play guitar, anything will do.
Well, I for one wanna hear Ren Honjo's soul shout!
You wanna hear my soul shout?
Ah, well... But doing as Takumi says
is not something limited to you and the other band members.
Don't tell anyone I told you, but everyone's saying,
we're all soldiers serving under Takumi.
Who's everyone?
Um... But Takumi does have the talents and decision-making skills
to back his actions.
He's able to come through on what he says.
I respect him for that.
Then tell this to everyone.
If anyone's not satisfied with how Takumi does things,
they're free to quit.
We don't need any soldiers who are unwilling to fight with us.
THE PAPARAZZI ARE SO ANNOYING. I'LL BE HIDING IN THE USUAL ROOM AT THE USUAL HOTEL. COME IF YOU FEEL UP TO IT.
I can't come up with the lyrics.
The theme is a love ballad that'll make people cry.
Don't come to me about it.
Why do they always hafta be love songs,
just because they're more popular?
Why do Japanese people like love stories so much?
Can't I write a song about world peace?
Well, not that I could write a song about that.
What'll I do? We begin recording tomorrow.
Technically, you begin today.
Shin, why are you being so cold today?
Am I? Maybe it's because I'm tired of being a good boy.
A good boy?
When are you good?
For this past month, I haven't skipped a day of practice.
I've been respecting the studio's no smoking policy,
and I'm playing music like the director wants me to.
But this is getting real boring.
What? You're not allowed to smoke in Gaia's rehearsal studios?
Usually, we're allowed to smoke even in the recording studios.
What musician would use such a place?
It's a teaching studio.
There's a professional training school next door,
and students from there use the studio.
Wow. There's a school there. Gaia's pretty impressive.
Are the top students able to debut as pros?
I wonder. Doesn't interest me.
To be honest, I don't care about the debut.
If I could have fun playing in a band, that's good enough for me.
You're right! Music is something that should be enjoyed!
Let's go out and dance all night like crazy to release some of that tension! Okay?!
What are you saying? This is your job, Reira.
You're getting paid for this, so you've gotta take it seriously.
Come on, concentrate.
You can release all your frustrations
by writing down whatever's on your mind.
You're right. Maybe I'll write about getting rid of them mosquitoes.
But you're writing a love ballad, right?
Aren't you hungry? Can I call room service?
Reira was in love with Takumi.
What a pretty song.
Ren is a genius indeed.
It'll be ruined by my shallow love story...
You're wrong about that.
A love story written by someone who can shed tears like that
isn't gonna be shallow.
The reason Trapnest has the support of so many female fans
is because they can relate to your love stories.
I'm impressed. You're really good with words.
For me, this is my job. I make money from this.
I'm dead serious.
FROM: NAOKI DATE AND TIME SENT: AUGUST 31, 2001, 16:37 TO: YASU SUBJECT: SEE YOU TONIGHT AT YOUR PLACE. WE BEGIN RECORDING OUR SINGLE TOMORROW. AND SO, WE WON'T BE ABLE TO GO ANYWHERE FOR A WEEK. SO LET'S DRINK ALL NIGHT TONIGHT!!
If I do that, it'll cause a scandal.
You're too self conscious.
Ren and Takumi are doing whatever they want, and it hasn't been a problem.
It has been a problem. A real problem.
The papa-rakkyo just won't go away.
I hear that female vocal from your band has been staying at Ren's place.
Would you please give her a lecture?
Huh? What are papa-rakkyo?
Paparazzi.
Really?
Yeah. They're targeting all the band members,
but I'm the only one being careful about it.
The company put Reira in a hotel to protect her.
But I'm pretty sure Takumi went to see Hachiko today.
He was looking restless all day, and rushed home the moment we were done.
By Hachiko, do you mean?
Nana.
I've never met her,
but from what I hear, she knows how to control a man.
She's really something.
One day, she says she wants to see you,
the next day she blocks your calls.
She's a great strategist, not to mention a great cook and great in bed.
Even if not Takumi, any guy would fall for a woman like that.
Impressive, I'd say. Who is she?
Naoki, you've got it wrong.
Besides, I thought those two broke up.
No, I doubt that'll happen.
Takumi would never let a girl he's infatuated with
run away so easily.
He's such a fool, not realizing that he's playing into Hachiko's hands.
Put an end to things first, and then come to me.
But I did. That's why I came.
Why aren't you saying anything?
Say something!
Are you gonna step up or just walk away?
The baby's growing even as we speak!
What's the matter?
Hello, Hachiko?
Oh, Nana, you're there, too?
Takumi?
Perfect timing. I wanted to talk to you as well.
Can you and Nobu come here now?
I'm not getting anywhere over the phone.
Come where?!
And why are you calling from Hachiko's cell phone?!
I'm just borrowing it for a bit. I'm at your place right now.
What are you doing at our place?!
How dare you fool around with someone else's woman!
Hachi's dating Nobu now!
I know that, but...
He's the one who fooled around with someone else's woman.
Is Hachi there?
Yeah, she's here.
Let me talk to her. It's useless talking with you.
Nana, Nana wants to talk to you.
Looks like she's in no condition to talk to you.
What did you do to her?!
No, I didn't do anything.
Anyway, we'll be there right away!
We're in the neighborhood!
Really? Then can you buy some grapefruits
and a bottle of sparkling water on your way?
Huh?!
I'll squeeze the fruit and have her drink it.
She seems to be having a really bad case of morning sickness.
She's in pain. I'm counting on you, okay?
Morning sickness?
Morning sickness?
Yeah. I'll have the grapefruit juice.
Oh, but it's just the summer heat. I'm all right.
I can't really explain it. Like, maternal instinct?
Nobu... you...
When you do it with Hachi, do you use a condom?
Answer me!
Of course I do.
Every time?
Yeah.
From before you insert?!
Yeah.
You liar! You must've done it at least a bit without any protection!
Never without protection!
Why are you so damn serious all the time?
What are you saying?
Is being serious a bad thing?!
If she gets pregnant, I don't have the money to raise a kid!
So, of course!
Then it's Takumi's child?
What are you crying for? I'm the one who wants to cry.
If it's not your child, then say so!
Then I'm sure Hachi won't have it!
I can't say that! I'll sound like I'm irresponsible.
I did it with her too,
so the possibility of it being my child is not zero percent.
Besides, Hachi probably already knows that it's Takumi's child.
Isn't that why she told him?
Otherwise, she wouldn't be seeing him.
I mean, there's no other reason.
He's the one who fooled around with someone else's woman.
Then you should become the father.
What are you saying? Don't make it sound so simple.
If it's about money, I'm sure we can work it out!
We've got our debut coming up for one thing.
And I can't imagine Takumi becoming the guardian
of the child he had by accident!
He said he would.
Even if it were my child.
He's just saying that so he can keep Hachi to himself!
That man wants to take advantage of the child to get her for himself!
Aren't you doing the same?!
You're taking advantage of me to get Hachi for yourself, right?!
Cut it out already. That's definitely screwed up.
If you're gonna insist, why don't you become the father?
Although, I can't imagine you feeling any love for Takumi's child.
There's no way I could.
No!
Don't keep it!
Those two are sure taking their time.
Don't get so stressed. Right now, you need to lie down.
You wouldn't want a miscarriage, would you?
You know, I think you've gained a little weight.
I thought women usually lose weight
during the days of morning sickness.
My older sister had a bad case of morning sickness, too.
I was in eleventh grade and she was twenty.
She got married as a result.
Her husband is a hard-working office worker,
a very reliable man, unlike me.
But I got so pissed off when I found out,
and I beat him up pretty badly.
My sister cried and Reira laughed at me for being so possessive.
It was horrible.
Come to think of it, you're also twenty years old.
Though, you're not very mature for your age.
You don't have a full-time job
and when you get lonely you're quick to sleep with some guy.
And as luck would have it, now you're pregnant.
You're hopeless.
Your parents are gonna cry.
But who am I to tell you this, right?
Regardless who the kid's father is,
there's no mistake that you are the mother.
So pull yourself together.
They're finally here.
You're late. I thought you ran away.
Huh? You're alone? What about Nana?
I dunno.
Geez, she hasn't gone off to Ren's place again, has she?
Oh, did you find grapefruits?
Huh?
GARLIC PICKLED IN SOY SAUCE
You're not very thoughtful, are you?
Never mind. I'll go buy some.
It's not really something the three of us can have a friendly chat about anyway.
The choice is Nana's.
The child doesn't need two fathers, right?
Nana... Is it true that you're pregnant?
Hey, I wanna hear it directly from you.
It could be my child. There's no need to hide it from me.
And I knew that you had just broken up with Takumi.
I'm sorry.
Why... are you apologizing?
Didn't you break up with him?!
Please make up an excuse.
I don't care if it's a lie. I'll believe you.
I'm sorry.
A ring of oath
Our red string We can't see it now
No promises either Don't let go of this hand you've held
It's embarrassing, so don't read it out loud!
Even I find it bad. I should hire a ghostwriter to write it.
Say, what's the meaning of this red string?
Huh? Don't you know?
No.
It's an invisible string of fate that's tied onto the little fingers
of two lovers who are meant to be together.
Wow. I bet girls fall for that sort of stuff.
But I'm not interested in such theories of fate.
It doesn't matter what the relationship.
I believe people are bound by trust.
Is that what you mean by this hand you've held?
Maybe it's sour grapes because I haven't found that someone to love.
It's a nice song.
Thank you. You made me feel better, Shin.
I've gotta do my best to go platinum again.
You know, Hachi...
I wanted to keep you by my side,
even if it meant putting a collar around your neck.
I was afraid of myself for thinking that,
so I always kept a little distance between us.
Even now, I can't make friends easily.
I'm still...
afraid.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
