That night Nana took Misato by the hand
and left the flat without saying a word.
She didn't return until morning.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
- Yes. - It's me.
What is it, so early in the morning?
Same goes for you. What's up with that outfit?
Are you going to work already?
No, I came back from work and continued working.
Work? But it was a public holiday. Law firms can be really busy, huh?
When do you get any sleep?
I was gonna take a nap before going back to work.
I'm coming in.
What are you doing here?
I was hanging out with Misato in her hotel room,
but a single bed just isn't big enough for two people.
That girl's still here? What about school?
She says her school is full of floozies
and she has no real friends, so she doesn't wanna go.
But her parents must be worried.
That girl looks like the princess-type from a wealthy family, after all.
Actually, I hear they don't really care. It's like what Shin was saying.
Maybe she'll end up running away from home.
Shin... He's becoming quite a handful.
I just hope he doesn't get in trouble.
He's taken on a different appearance as of late.
Talk about appearance, Yasu.
I've been thinking for some time now...
you've got this frightening look without your sunglasses.
Shut up.
Usually it's the other way around.
Either way, it's not the look of a lawyer.
Nana... If you're gonna sleep, go sleep at your own place.
Wanna sleep with me?
What are you saying?
Don't mess with me.
Then I'm leaving.
Wait.
You wanted to talk to me about something, didn't you?
What happened?
Sorry for coming without a reason. Good night.
Nana!
I return to work today, so I'd better get some sleep.
Or so I thought, but I couldn't get any sleep.
Nana!
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to say the things I said.
Just, some things happened,
and I was irritated, and I guess I took it out on you.
I'm really sorry.
Are you mad at me?
I'm not mad, really.
Just like you said, I got carried away and just did as I wanted.
Then why didn't you come home until the morning?
Nana, you don't carry a cell phone, and I just didn't know what to do.
I kept thinking about it and couldn't get any sleep!
Am I your boyfriend or something?!
You're more important to me than a boyfriend.
By the way, what happened to Misato?
Did she go home?
No. She's at the hotel sleeping.
She said that she might go home after she checks out at noon today.
Is that so? What should I do?
About what?
She must think I'm such a bitch. She didn't do anything wrong.
She was having so much fun and I ruined it all.
I want to apologize.
Say, does she have a cell phone?
Yeah, she does.
Give me her number. I'll give her a call.
Sure, but she's likely still asleep, so wait until after noon.
Mhm!
Hold on a moment.
I have it written down somewhere.
Hey, Nana. What time can you make it home today?
Give me some breathing room!
Can we have dinner together?
That's fine with me, but it'll be like nine tonight.
Then I'll cook something to make it up to you.
Here.
Thanks.
I'm off!
What should I cook for dinner?
I ended up not making those hamburgers last night,
so maybe hamburgers.
I wonder what that girl made for Shoji.
What are you looking at, Miss Komatsu?
The office computer is not to be used for playing around.
Y-You're mistaken, Ms. Sakagami. I was thinking about a new project.
What do you think about having a segment on cooking?
The readers of our magazine aren't all women!
But in this day and age men need to know more about cooking, too.
Don't talk back to me. Besides, you don't have the experience
to be talking about new projects.
All you need to do is complete the tasks you've been given.
What's with her? She's treating me like some servant.
Though in a way I am one...
Where are you going, Miss Komatsu?!
I'm going for lunch!
I wanna hurry and quit this job.
But I need to find my next job before I do that.
Or else Nana will tell me to move out. But we just made up.
That's right! I hafta call Misato.
Hello.
Oh, hello, Misato? It's Nana Komatsu.
Miss Komatsu? I'm really sorry. I was being such a nuisance.
No, I'm the one who needs to apologize.
- Huh? - I called to apologize about yesterday.
I'm really sorry. I was not my usual self yesterday.
Um, come visit us again anytime, okay?
Nana and the other band members would be glad to see you.
I'll keep you informed about their upcoming live concerts.
Sure! Thank you very much.
Where are you now, Misato?
Oh, I'm on the train, on my way home.
I see. Sorry for not seeing you off.
No, that's okay. I'm grateful as it is.
Being able to have dinner with the BLAST band members,
and the chance to talk with Nana...
I'm so happy I could die. It's like I'm still in some dream.
You're exaggerating.
No, really. I've been a BLAST fan since the very beginning,
but nothing like this has ever happened.
It really is like a dream to me.
I see. When you say since the very beginning, when was that?
It was with the first set of members, back when Ren was in the band.
So, almost four years ago?
First members, when Ren was in the band?
No way, it can't be this Ren.
It was a shock when Ren left BLAST, but don't you think Shin,
the new bassist, plays just like Ren does?
So at the live concert it was like a revival of the BLAST of old times.
I was really thrilled.
Name a guitarist you respect.
Ren Honjo!
Oh, which reminds me,
I'll be going back home soon to catch Trapnest play live.
I'm so happy that I'll have the chance to see Ren perform in person again.
That's the flower of the lotus, isn't it? Why did you choose the lotus?
Actually, it's the ren.
Ren...
No way.
I need to calm down.
I need to calm down and think.
Trapnest's Ren is BLAST's former bassist?
Judging from what Misato said, there's no mistake about it, is there?
But why? Not one of them said a word about it.
Not even when Shin and I were talking about Ren.
Then were they keeping it a secret?
Furthermore, if that tattoo on Nana's arm signifies Ren...
Are Nana and Ren lovers?
They make a great couple! That's so cool! I get it!
Ren is a popular celebrity.
Perhaps that's why they're keeping their affair a secret.
From that perspective, everything makes more sense now, I think.
Yasu's stoic behavior.
The fact that Nana avoids talking about herself.
Nana often goes out at night saying she's going to work,
but she's in fact out to secretly see Ren.
She goes out wearing Vivienne Westwood when
she says she's going to work, after all.
Maybe that's what's happening. I'll bet it is.
What am I gonna do? I wanna know more!
So much that I couldn't possibly keep my mind on work.
I hafta find out the truth.
But Nana said she won't be back until around nine,
and she doesn't carry a cell phone.
What am I gonna do?
Still that's no reason to come to my place.
Please tell me, Nobu. You know a lot about this, don't you?
I assure you, I won't sell the story to the press.
No, I'd never imagine you as a woman who would do such a thing, Hachi.
Don't call me Hachi!
Shin!
That'll stunt your growth! And why are you so calm?
You've always respected Ren, right?!
Because I already knew.
Why? Did you by chance become a member of BLAST
knowing you'd be taking Ren's place?
What do you mean? You had this all planned out?
No. Nobu got drunk and told me.
I did?!
I figured you might not remember.
No way! When?!
Right after I became a member of BLAST.
Shin. If you knew, why didn't you tell me anything about it?
Because everyone avoids talking about Ren,
to the point that it's obvious.
So I figured I'd be better off pretending I never heard about it.
I'm the worst.
You are such a grown up, Shin.
If it was me, I would never be able to act like I didn't know anything.
I tend to get all worked up about it, like I'm doing now.
That's what's so cute about you, Hachi.
Cute?!
Don't mess around with adults.
I wasn't really messing around.
It's been a long time since someone said I'm cute.
Hey, Shin, what exactly have I told you?
I'll tell you everything I know.
I'm afraid I might've told you lies, since I was drinking then.
Ren was BLAST's bassist.
He and Nana were lovers and they lived together, but two years ago
he was offered the chance to become Trapnest's guitarist.
He came to Tokyo alone, and no one's heard from him since.
So I told him everything.
Wait! No one's heard from him since? Then what about him and Nana?
They had a tearful breakup, right?
That's right. And there's nothing left for me to tell you.
Tearful? But just because Ren came to Tokyo,
that doesn't mean they had to break up.
You're right. You had a long distance relationship
with your boyfriend, Hachi, and it's lasted.
Well, yeah...
Actually, that came to an end after I came here.
- You broke up with your boyfriend? - It came to an end?
You're kidding!
But we just went to his workplace the other day.
Yeah, but... somehow, after that... Never mind about me.
I'll bitch to you about the whole thing over some drinks another time.
No. I'm done with alcohol.
Is it something to bitch about? Did he cheat on you?
Bingo.
A-Anyway, right now we're talking about why Nana and Ren broke up.
I suggest you talk to Nana directly about their reasons for breaking up.
No, that wouldn't be good!
Why's that?
Listen, everyone's got a couple of painful memories
they'd rather not share with anyone.
Is it that painful of a memory?
But if they broke up in tears,
that would mean they were doing great until then, right?
That's right, but, how can I say it...
I don't hate Ren and I don't wanna badmouth him,
but Ren decided to leave BLAST and join Trapnest
without talking it over with Nana or myself.
Only Yasu knew about it.
So at that time, I really felt betrayed, and it was a great shock.
As a fellow musician, my pride was shot down
and I couldn't shake off this feeling of utter defeat.
But both Nana and I acknowledged Ren's talents
and we respected that.
We could predict that this would be better for Ren's sake,
and of course, that proved to be true.
I believe this was the best outcome. But Nana...
Back then, she could've gone with him if she desired.
But rather than choose happiness as a woman,
she chose to protect her pride.
I think that's the reason why she's so insistent on succeeding as a musician,
no matter what.
She has her heart set on someday reaching
the level of success Ren... Trapnest is enjoying.
Shin, do better than Ren.
Sometimes, it pains me to see her like that.
To be honest, I can't be sure whether or not Nana
still has feelings for Ren, but both Yasu and I feel awkward
talking about Ren in front of her.
We weren't necessarily keeping it a secret from you.
So both of you, there's no need
for you to act like you don't know anything,
but I don't want you asking her about this just to satisfy your curiosity.
I understand. But I must've mentioned Ren many times in front on Nana.
Miss Komatsu! It's already 3 o'clock!
- Then I was hurting Nana's pride - How far did you go for lunch?!
- every time I mentioned Trapnest. - My goodness!
- Although I knew nothing about this, - Your stance toward your work
- I feel bad about it. - is not right! You're practically
- I'm gonna stop asking her - stealing your salary
- to come to the live concert with me. - from the company! Excuse me!
- Naturally, she won't wanna go - Are you listening, Miss Komatsu?!
to a Trapnest live concert.
It's okay as long as you're feeling remorse. I went a bit too far.
Just be careful this doesn't happen again, okay?
That's right. In order not to hurt her again.
I'll cautiously but casually bring the subject of Ren up.
Did Yasu come?
Huh?
This is Yasu's, right? There's no other guy who would
smoke those odd cigarettes with that distinctive smell.
So they do have a distinctive smell?
I always thought it had a nice, sweet scent.
Really?
But these aren't Yasu's. They're Shin's.
I confiscated them from him.
Huh? What is it with Shin?
There's no sense in me holding onto them,
so go ahead and smoke them, Nana.
No, I don't care for these.
Leave them here and Yasu will smoke them when he's here.
Wait a minute. When did you see Shin?
I bumped into him when I was coming home from work.
Oh?
What am I doing lying to her? I should just tell her the truth.
There's something fishy here. Don't go after Shin.
To him, a working woman is a woman to get money from.
Even if that woman is you.
It's nothing like that.
Then that's fine.
By the way, did you call Misato?
It was with the first set of members, back when Ren was in the band.
Yeah.
I wonder if she got back all right.
Mhm. She said she was on the train on her way home.
I'm glad to hear that.
You know, Nana. About Ren of Trapnest...
This is about the live concert, right?
Sure. I'll go.
Huh? Why?
I told you I'd go if I felt like it.
So what made you feel like going?
No reason. Just felt like it.
But...
What? If you have plans with someone else, that's fine with me.
N-N-No, let's go together.
I'd be super happy to go with you, Nana.
Why? Does she want to see Ren, after all?
Maybe she still has feelings for Ren.
I want to ask her. But I mustn't be hasty about it.
Even if I ask, Nana's not likely to be direct with me.
She won't give me an honest answer.
She'll get embarrassed and say
she's changed her mind about going to the live concert with me.
I wonder if I should ask her after the live concert.
This is a golden opportunity for them to get back together.
If I don't watch it I could ruin things.
We have first row seats.
And the concert hall is small. Ren will surely notice Nana there.
The girl he had a tearful break up with will suddenly be standing before him.
Ren won't be able to resist getting closer to her!
They will silently look in each other's eyes.
Nana's eyes will be filled with tears.
Without a second thought,
Ren will jump down from the stage and embrace Nana.
Beautiful!
I should keep quiet so Nana doesn't change her mind.
At least until the concert. I'll do it. I'll act as if don't know anything.
I am an adult after all.
For the sake of an exciting reunion.
Sure. I'll go along with your story.
I acted like I didn't know until now anyway.
Thank you, Shin!
But I envy you. First row seats, right? I'd like to come too.
Yeah, I'm sure you would. I'm sorry.
But I wonder if the reunion will be as exciting as you're thinking, Hachi.
Well, I agree maybe imagining him jumping off the stage is a stretch.
Still, I wonder if Ren still thinks about Nana.
They haven't been in touch for two years, right?
Yeah. I wonder about that. To start with, that guy...
To start with that guy, what?!
Rumor has it he's a real womanizer.
Really?!
Well, but, that's something from his past.
As far as Nana was concerned, he was very faithful to her.
Oh, and that necklace Ren's always wearing? Nana gave that to him.
No way, really?
That's a totally good sign he still feels for her!
But maybe he just likes it, and there's no real reason behind him wearing it.
That can't be.
It definitely means something to him. Hey, Yasu, don't you agree?
Yeah, I do.
I knew it!
What's the matter?
Come on, everyone, practice time. Let's give it our best today too.
That dampens the mood.
That was two weeks before the live concert.
As my heart pounded
worrying about the possibility of Nana changing her mind,
my imagination just kept escalating.
Should Nana and Ren get back together,
would that mean members of Trapnest
could come visit us at our place?
Then maybe I could become all lovey-dovey with Takumi.
What am I gonna do?
What's the matter, Miss Komatsu?
Yes.
It's me.
You again?
What do you want this late at night?
The morning of the live concert, Nana,
you were sitting by that window the same as always.
But there was a different scent in the room.
The scent of Black Stone,
those cigarettes I confiscated from Shin
that you said you don't care for.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
