I knew that Ren wanted a child.
I also knew that having a child wouldn't stop me from singing.
I think I just didn't have the confidence to become a mother.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
REN FROM 1:00 A.M. PLEASE RECORD HUTCH FOR ME.
You're here again?
You're the one who called me over!
Did you videotape it?
You keep making such dumb excuses to get me to come over every day!
What do you mean dumb excuses?
We were both orphans, too.
Watch it, and you're sure to be in tears.
Cry on your own! I'm going to sleep.
Good morning.
How are you feeling today, Miss Hachiko?
Fine. Sorry if I made you worry.
I think it's just the summer heat getting to me,
but I'll go see a doctor just in case.
I'd better get well soon or I won't be able to go to work, right?
That's a good idea! I'll come with you!
What are you saying?
You need to stay here and finish your homework today.
Please don't remind me about that.
Now, stay focused. I'll help you when I get back.
Thank you so much.
Also, please don't tell Nana or the others
that I'm not feeling well, okay?
It's an important time for them with their debut coming up,
so I don't want them worrying about me.
But I'll be returning home tomorrow. Will you be all right on your own?
You should at least talk with Miss Nana and have her look after you.
Thanks, but I'll be all right.
OBSTETRICS AND GYNECOLOGY NAKAZATO CLINIC
Miss Komatsu. Miss Nana Komatsu.
Your urine test came back positive. When was your last period?
July sixteenth. It lasted about five days.
Should you be pregnant, are you planning on keeping it?
We'll begin with a pelvic examination. Over there please.
Please come in, Miss Komatsu.
Please take off your underwear and sit on the examination table.
You may keep your skirt on.
Ah, yes.
I don't deal well with inconveniences like that.
Miss Komatsu, please relax.
I'll be waiting faithfully.
You are pregnant.
This small black circle you see is the sack that contains your baby.
And the little dot you see inside it is your baby.
Now, we count the first week from the day of your last period
as week zero,
so you're in the middle of your sixth week.
If you're planning on keeping your child,
come for another check-up in two weeks.
If you wish to have an abortion,
the sooner the better for your body's sake.
Would you like to take home the photo?
Yes.
What? He grew up abroad?
Where?
I didn't get around to asking him. So you didn't know either.
Did you know about it?
No. I heard about it from Misato as well,
and was surprised at first.
But thinking back, for one,
he didn't know about the Tanabata festivities.
This explains some things I thought were odd about him.
Yeah, I guess so.
But if his parents are Japanese,
I'd think they would've at least told him about Tanabata.
Are you ready to order?
Have you decided, Miss Hachiko?
Yeah.
I'll have the grapefruit juice.
Aren't you eating?
I'm not hungry.
Really? Also, two mixed sandwiches and two cafe au laits.
All right.
Miss Nana, would it be possible for you
to return to your home for a while starting tonight?
The truth is, Miss Hachiko hasn't been feeling well lately.
Really? Is that why you look like you're under the weather?
Oh, but it's just the summer heat. I'm all right.
The doctor said so, too.
It's bad enough that you had to see a doctor?!
That's definitely not all right!
But the doctor said I'm fine, so it's all right.
That's not the issue here.
All right, Misato. I'll return home starting tonight, so don't worry.
Yes. Thank you very much.
Oh, going back to what I was saying about Shin...
I assumed he was half Japanese. So without thinking, I told him
I wasn't convinced that his parents were both Japanese.
Then he told me he wasn't convinced either.
That his parents shouldn't have given birth to him.
Miss Hachiko and I were discussing that
that sorta thinking is like him denying his own existence.
I'll come back to get you, Nana, okay?
I'll be back right away.
No. Denying his parents and denying his own existence
are two different issues.
Shin's not a kid anymore.
He should be capable of figuring out why he deserves to exist.
You think so?
If we put our minds to it,
we're all capable of determining our own fates.
Right now, he's got the purpose in life to work hard
toward the band's debut.
You're right! A purpose in life!
Here you are.
Me too.
Ever since I found my purpose in life,
to become a die hard BLAST fan, my life has been nothing but roses.
Roses?
ROSES! Roses?
Well then, Miss Nana, Miss Hachiko...
I am really grateful for your hospitality.
Please give my regards to the band members.
Take care, Misato. Come stay with us again anytime.
We'll definitely become Japan's number one band.
For the sake of your purpose in life, too.
What are you crying for?
You made her cry on purpose. Come on, Nana!
Misato, you would always come to our shows alone,
ever since you were in junior high school.
I was always worried about that.
Back home, you probably don't get along with your parents,
and you didn't seem to have any friends to speak of.
But for you to say out loud what others may consider foolish,
that this is your purpose in life,
you have no idea how much it means to me.
Please understand that, Misato.
Now, regarding the situation with Shin's family...
Am I the only one who believes Shin was probably a child
that resulted from his mother's affair abroad,
leading to his family falling apart?
I wonder. It certainly seems possible.
But why did she have the baby?
It's such a gamble not knowing who the father is.
Even if the guy she was having the affair with was using protection,
you can never really be sure, can you?
When people get carried away with passion and lose reason,
you're not always as careful as you should be.
Regardless, whatever the situation,
there's no doubt that Shin's parents are being irresponsible.
If they're not able to raise a child properly,
they shouldn't have given birth to him.
No, I haven't seen her since I was four.
She ran off with a guy.
There are too many mothers in this world
who think giving birth is a joke.
I don't think she thought it was a joke.
Maybe there was a reason she couldn't raise him right.
Maybe there were circumstances beyond her control.
It's only natural that an expectant mother
would wanna give birth and raise her child.
Why is it only natural?
Well, you see...
I can't really explain it.
Like, maternal instinct?
Is something wrong?
No. I've been so busy,
I thought I'd come to get them when I can,
in case I'm not able to come when I need to.
Then should I write you a two month prescription?
What's the matter?
Um, this may be a strange thing to ask, but...
I'm not so sure what people mean when they talk about maternal instinct.
Is it something every woman normally has?
I believe so. It's a female instinct, after all.
However, just because all women have it within them
doesn't mean all women use it. I think that applies to anything.
I believe it's something within a woman
that is awakened by the woman's situation and needs.
Then, if for example, I was expecting Ren's baby right now,
would I wanna give birth even though I'd know
it would be nothing but trouble just before my professional debut?
And not for Ren's sake, but due to my instinct?
That's just not possible.
My stomach hurts.
Why does your stomach hurt like this every day?!
Do you hate to practice that much?!
I hate you, Nana!
Hachi would be a lot kinder to me!
I wanna see Hachi! Why won't she come to the studio?!
Because she doesn't wanna bother us.
This isn't some playground, after all.
But Mr. Kawano said it's okay.
He may have said so,
but still, you'd normally feel uncomfortable coming.
That's not fair, Nobu. Keeping Hachi all to yourself.
I haven't seen her since the day of the fireworks either!
Huh? Why?
We've got band practice until late every night,
and we both work during the day.
We have no time to meet.
But she'd come see you every night until recently.
She won't come even if I ask.
She's probably having her period.
CONVINCED
You went together with Nana to see Misato off today, right?
You should've insisted on having her come today.
No, she wasn't looking too well.
What do you mean she wasn't looking well?!
It's just summer heat fatigue.
I guess that's what the doctor said, too. She'll be fine.
It's bad enough she had to see a doctor?
Bye.
If you wanna become number one,
be prepared to not take a break even to be by your parents' deathbed.
I don't like this strict band...
SHE'S A MANIACAL COACH. I don't like this strict band...
Hey, Shin! Where are you going?!
I told you, my stomach hurts!
Does he really wanna do this?
At least let him go to the bathroom when he has to.
You seriously lack the sense of kindness to others!
And you guys lack the sense to be suspicious of others.
Or maybe Shin's body reacts funny when the nicotine level gets low,
and he gets a stomachache.
I enjoyed commuting to that cheap studio we used before a lot more.
I could smoke and Hachi was there, too.
Like I said, Mr. Kawano...
It's ludicrous to try and
make a top-selling band outta some punk band.
I know it's a dream you've had for a long time,
but during these tough times,
you've gotta realize that the company's not about to invest in a risky new band.
But there aren't any competitors in the same genre.
If they do well, this'll be big.
And the sheer presence of Nana, the vocal, is simply breathtaking.
Sure, overall, they're a visually attractive band,
but punks in bondage outfits are so outdated.
BONDAGE
Actually, I think it's a fresh look for teenagers.
I used to dress like that when I was young.
I was leaner, too.
NOSTALGIC I was leaner, too.
NOSTALGIC
NOSTALGIC Well, we could always hire a stylist
NOSTALGIC
NOSTALGIC and get their fashion up to date.
and get their fashion up to date.
I wouldn't want that!
It's not bad, but it's too ordinary.
They may be popular performing live,
but on a CD, their music will lack any true impact.
But that's where you as the director need to show your skills.
If we can't get a decent budget to promote them,
I can't find the motivation.
I wish you'd give this up already.
If they're not able to raise a child properly,
they shouldn't have given birth to him.
There are too many mothers in this world
who think giving birth is a joke.
NOBU I'M ON MY WAY HOME. WE JUST FINISHED PRACTICE. I HEAR YOU'RE NOT FEELING WELL. IF YOU'RE STILL AWAKE GIVE ME A CALL AND I'LL COME BY.
If you wish to have an abortion,
the sooner the better.
I'll return home starting tonight, so don't worry.
Nana?
It's me.
Nana, open up.
Please open the door.
Oh, shoot! Someone's coming!
Don't believe a thing I say.
What are you doing here? Go home!
At times like this,
what's the best thing to do if I don't wanna leave?
Hey, this isn't funny.
Hey, are you all right?
Do you wanna see a doctor?
Morning sickness?
I won't keep it, so don't worry!
There's no need for you to feel responsible, Takumi.
I'm the foolish one.
And of course, this child could be my boyfriend's.
Go home. And don't come back again.
Is your boyfriend Nobu?
All right. I get it.
Takumi?
What are you doing?
A cell phone?
Hey...
Takumi...
NOBU
Don't tell Nobu!
GARLIC PICKLED IN SOY SAUCE
GARLIC PICKLED IN SOY SAUCE Garlic is the best for summer heat fatigue.
GARLIC PICKLED IN SOY SAUCE
GARLIC PICKLED IN SOY SAUCE Are you thinking of coming with me?
Are you thinking of coming with me?
She didn't call you, so she must be sleeping.
Let me at least see her sleeping face.
HACHI
HACHI Telepathy!
HACHI
HACHI I got it, so answer already! You're so annoying!
Hello!
Oh, Nobu? It's Takumi.
What is it?
Hey, can you hear me?
Yes.
Nana's pregnant.
I don't know if it's yours or mine, but regardless,
if Nana wants to keep it,
I intend on becoming its guardian and raising it as my own.
What do you think?
You know, Hachi. I still believe life is what we make of it.
But I'm now able to recognize that
not everyone can be strong all the time.
Because of that,
I've become that much kinder than I was back then.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
