I figured if they could not become pro after this,
there's something seriously wrong with this world.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
That day was BLAST's third time on the stage in the big city.
It was at the same venue as usual.
They were the opening act and played for 40 minutes.
BLAST is really popular!
The line was all the way to the convenience store.
Misato told me excitedly as she returned from buying some juice.
She had passed the line of people waiting since before the concert hall opened,
hoping to get seats close to the front.
That was the right decision to come early.
You might wanna tell Junko and Kyosuke to hurry.
But Jun-chan was a bit pissed off at the concert the other day,
being pushed around by the crowd.
She said she would watch from the back today.
Don't push! I'm dying here!
Huh? Why? That life risking feeling is what makes it so special!
It never gets that heated at the concerts back home.
I was so excited, I almost passed out.
Almost passed out?
It was only their third concert,
but they opened the hall earlier than scheduled because of the long line up,
and in a blink of an eye, the place was packed.
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
Jun-chan and Kyosuke might not be able to get in.
What?! Tickets are sold out?!
Wow. Incredible.
We're all standing anyway. Can't you squeeze in just two more?
But we're already way past capacity.
I beg you. Our friends are performing from seven.
You're friends? You on the guest list?
- I dunno. - Your names?
Saotome and Takakura.
That's fine. Go ahead.
If you don't mind standing in the hallway way up in the back.
Hey, do you have tickets?
No.
Then give up. The show is sold out.
- What?! - What?!
No way! We came all the way out to Tokyo just to come to this concert!
See? I told you we should've left earlier.
It's your fault for insisting on attending those classes!
But the teacher said he wouldn't let me graduate high school
unless I attended those classes!
Well, that's your fault for not studying hard enough!
I beg of you, please let us in!
Impossible! Any more people and we'd be facing safety issues!
Some concert isn't worth losing your life over!
- It sure is! - Like I said, it's impossible.
Nana! Nana!
Crying isn't gonna help.
Listen... Let these girls go in instead of us.
The enthusiasm of the crowd increased with each concert.
I started feeling dizzy from it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Excuse me.
But, thank goodness we got in, Akiko.
Fortunately, our expensive plane tickets didn't go to waste.
Say, the people of Tokyo are surprisingly kind.
I wish we could get down there.
But even the stairway is packed with people, so I guess it's impossible.
But this is kinda nice.
We can see better from here, and we don't hafta risk our lives.
Anyway, what's up with all these people right from the beginning?
Impressive, don't you think?
It's because they're good.
This makes me feel lonely, in a strange way.
With this popularity, Nana may have forgotten about us.
But she's sent me a postcard to notify me
every time she has a concert coming up.
That was a good call to hand her that paper with your address on it.
You know, from next time, I say we skip school and work,
and come to all the concerts.
Even if we must hitchhike!
I agree! Even if we need to camp out!
Now, now... I agree! Even if we need to camp out!
I agree! Even if we need to camp out!
That'll give us the strength to work hard with other stuff.
Exactly at seven o'clock, the starting time of the concert,
the first one to appear on stage... was Nana.
Absorbed in the cheers that got louder with each concert,
I felt that I was disappearing into the crowd.
Good evening. We're BLAST.
Damn it, it's begun!
Hey, I can hear it. They sure play loud!
I wanna go in!
BLAST should play in a bigger place!
Do you know what the population of Tokyo is?!
We should have purchased our tickets ahead of time.
We'll wait around and catch the band on their way out.
Who do you wanna see?
Yasu.
He has great technique.
No way! Yasu's mine!
I'm guessing, it's summer vacation,
so many people have come out here from the suburbs,
causing this situation.
Even so, this level of enthusiasm is crazy.
What is this?
Whaddaya wanna do?
Wanna go for a coffee until the concert's over?
Sure.
We've come all the way here.
Let's stick around and meet up with Nana later.
But with so many followers,
they should be able to go pro without any problem.
That's it! They're followers!
Misato's one, and Nana has a bit of that towards her roommate.
Yeah, you're right.
Maybe the reason she no longer talks about the Demon Lord
is not because she's matured,
but because she's switched over to the religion of BLAST.
Bottom line, she needs something to depend on.
Well, at least she's more positive about things now
than back when she'd blame everything on the Demon Lord.
Besides, BLAST is really cool.
I can see why they have such devoted followers.
Their presence on stage is out of the ordinary.
You're right. Especially that vocalist.
You know, I was thinking.
You know how with musicians, talent alone doesn't guarantee success?
Well, of course you've gotta be above a certain level
if you're gonna go pro.
But from that point on, it's not really about how good or bad you are.
Charisma.
GAIA RECORD CO. LTD. PRODUCER TAKAFUMI KAWANO Charisma.
GAIA RECORD CO. LTD. PRODUCER TAKAFUMI KAWANO
GAIA RECORD CO. LTD. PRODUCER TAKAFUMI KAWANO Your band has that.
Your band has that.
Your musical performance and your songs are exceptional.
It was a wonderful show.
I've been in this business for a long time,
but I haven't been so moved to this extent for ages.
There's a lot for us to discuss.
Rather than just talk things over here, why don't I...
take you out for sushi?
Yay! Sushi!
Shin.
What? You didn't go meet them backstage?
No. They were seeing a guy from a record company.
It would be distracting to have outsiders there while they're trying to talk business.
We'll be seeing everyone at home later, anyway.
Oh, a post-live party?
Then we're going straight to your place, Nana?
Mhm... I figured tonight will be a night to celebrate, so I prepared lots of food.
So please come.
Sorry.
We're kinda busy now.
We've gotta get home right away.
Huh? Why? It's summer vacation.
We have a group exhibition starting next week.
Six of us have rented a gallery,
us and some friends from the Art College.
We're super busy for the exhibition.
Is that so? A group exhibition?
Like a true art student.
I feel sorry that you couldn't see the concert
after coming out here during a very busy time.
It's not as bad as those who came all the way to Tokyo from a different city
and weren't able to get in.
Indeed.
Here. It's a pamphlet with information on our group exhibition.
Come by if you have time.
ART COLLEGE OIL PAINTING 2 MIYUKI AIKAWA JUNKO SAOTOME KATSUHIRO ISHIBASHI KYOSUKE TAKAKURA YOSHIHIRO KUME YUTAKA NAKASONE
ART COLLEGE OIL PAINTING 2 MIYUKI AIKAWA JUNKO SAOTOME KATSUHIRO ISHIBASHI KYOSUKE TAKAKURA YOSHIHIRO KUME YUTAKA NAKASONE Friends studying the same thing.
Jun-chan and Kyosuke are working diligently in their own world.
I feel an even stronger sense that they're leaving me behind.
Miss Hachiko, your cell phone's ringing.
Hello, Nana here.
Oh, Nana?
Good job with the live concert. We're back home.
We got a ride home.
What about you guys, Nana? What time can you get here?
Sorry. It doesn't look like we're gonna be able to make it.
We've been invited to have dinner with the guy from Gaia.
I imagine we'll be pretty late.
Did you by chance already make preparations for our post-live party?
No, not yet! We just got home!
I'm really sorry.
Not to worry.
It's okay, don't worry about us. Go.
This waste of time happens often.
I'm working tomorrow evening, but I'll stop by during the day.
Oh, but I have work from the morning tomorrow.
What about Misato? Let me talk to her for a bit.
It's Nana.
Hello?
Yes. Nana, it was an awesome performance.
Huh?
Oh? Is that so?
No, let's hope they bring up the subject of a contract.
Huh? Tomorrow?
What about me?
Yes, I'll be waiting for you at home.
Hey, Nana, what about me?
Nana, Mr. Kawano's called for a taxi. Let's go.
They're waiting in the street...
Oops. Sorry, you're on the phone.
Sorry, Misato, I have to go now.
Say bye to Hachiko for me, okay?
Huh? Oh, go ahead.
Feel free to stay in my room. The room's not locked.
Mhm. Bye.
Was that Misato? What about Hachi?
She said not to worry and go.
Misato and Hachiko should come and join us for sushi.
You idiot. Let's go.
Idiot?
Good job.
Oh!
Nana!
I live, encouraged by the songs you sing.
DEAR NANA, I BOUGHT THE CD YOU RELEASED YOURSELVES. IT'S THE GREATEST! I LIVE, ENCOURAGED BY THE SONGS YOU SING. I live, encouraged by the songs you sing.
YOUR LYRICS REALLY HIT HOME. I'D LIKE FOR MORE PEOPLE TO HAVE THE CHANCE TO LISTEN TO YOU. BUT I MAY GET LONELY IF YOU BECOME FAMOUS. YOU KNOW HOW REN'S ALREADY BECOME REALLY POPULAR... I live, encouraged by the songs you sing.
YOUR LYRICS REALLY HIT HOME. I'D LIKE FOR MORE PEOPLE TO HAVE THE CHANCE TO LISTEN TO YOU. BUT I MAY GET LONELY IF YOU BECOME FAMOUS. YOU KNOW HOW REN'S ALREADY BECOME REALLY POPULAR...
It's only natural for Nana to treat Misato,
who pursues Nana with passion and
makes the effort to come all the way to Tokyo for every concert,
more importantly than she treats me.
It's only natural for Nana to place a higher priority on talks
with a record label than any promise she made with me.
And it's also only natural that
she would choose to be with Ren than live with me.
It all makes sense.
But if that's the case... she no longer needs me.
It's such a shame, Miss Hachiko. After making all this food.
Huh?
Oh, right!
It can't be helped, given the circumstances.
Don't feel pressured into eating more than you want, Misato.
But everything's so delicious. It would be hard not to overeat.
You're a very good cook, Miss Hachiko. I'm impressed.
Misato is such a nice girl.
She is so much in love with Nana,
yet will never show hostile sentiments to those around her.
And she was honestly happy about Nana and Ren.
She's a really cute, good girl.
Which exhausts me all the more with my tendency to be cynical.
I wonder if we can get along for a full month.
INBOX OUTBOX DRAFTS SIGNATURE
TAKUMI
A FRIEND WILL BE STAYING WITH ME DURING SUMMER VACATION, SO DON'T COME BY MY PLACE, OKAY? NANA
This is like telling him that I can't see him until summer vacation is over.
Well, I guess that's fine.
Since with him, I'm never sure whether or not I'll ever see him again anyway.
I ended up never seeing Nobu again as well.
And while he was on stage,
I purposely tried not to look over to him.
Nana...
This isn't good. What should I do?
I'm feeling so lonely.
Is your friend a woman?
Of course!
Really? Then that's fine.
Good night.
Yes.
Takumi,.,
I wanna see you.
Oh, Miss Hachiko, thank you for letting me take a bath.
I'm sorry, Misato. I'm going out for a bit.
Huh? At this hour? Did something happen?
No. It's nothing important, but I won't be coming home tonight.
I'll be going straight to work from there tomorrow.
I'll leave my keys with you,
so leave it in the mailbox downstairs when you go out.
Sorry to leave you alone.
But I just couldn't make it through the night tonight.
Bye, Takumi. I'll come pick you up tomorrow morning at ten.
Don't you dare leave your room until then.
Yes. Thank you, Take.
Drop by my place and bring me a change of clothes, okay?
Sure.
Sorry to keep you waiting, Reira.
Take.
Huh?
Get a room for me too. I'm feeling carsick.
The price on the meter is getting pretty high.
By the time I get there, it could be as high as my wages for tomorrow.
ROOM 2015 JUST SO YOU KNOW, IT'S NOT A SUITE. THOSE ARE SPECIAL FOR FIRST AND LAST STAYS ONLY.
Which means this isn't the last time, right?
Nobu, you were more popular than me tonight.
- Thank you very much, Mr. Kawano. - I don't understand.
The meal was exceptional.
How about another drink somewhere around here?
No thank you, I have to go to work tomorrow.
Right, you're working at a law firm, right?
What are you gonna do about that?
I'll give it some serious thought along with this issue about our contract.
I see. I'm hoping for a positive reply.
TAXI STOP
TAXI STOP Yasu, I'm gonna take a taxi with Nobu and Shin.
Yasu, I'm gonna take a taxi with Nobu and Shin.
Hachiko said she's working from the morning tomorrow,
so I'll drop by to see her tonight.
Yeah, that would be good.
Send her my apologies for not being able to make it
to the after-party.
Mr. Kawano is such a laid-back type of man, don't you think?
At this rate, it's gonna take us one hundred years before our debut.
Does a man like that really understand the likes of rock and punk?
Sure, he said that he was moved, but...
Still, he gave us money for the cab, so I'm sure he's a good man.
I'm not sure if that determines whether or not he's a good man.
Let's split the change.
Excuse me! Stop here!
What is it?!
Work? Where do you get all that energy?
Say hi to Hachi for me, Nobu.
Are you planning on coming too?
I'm not.
I give up. There are lots of women out there.
And I'm pretty popular with the girls.
At least grow your hair, Nobuo.
I'll get no pleasure winning her over in that department!
Actually I don't think it'll look good on you.
Then don't say it!
I'm back.
Sorry for waking you.
I forgot my key at my friend's place.
Ren's place? I forgot my key at my friend's place.
Ren's place?
Ren's place? No, it's fine. I was still awake.
No, it's fine. I was still awake.
What about Hachi? Has she gone to bed?
Ah...
Miss Hachiko went out a short while ago.
Huh? Where could she have gone at this hour?
I'm not sure but she suddenly left in a flurry,
saying she wouldn't be returning tonight.
I might've done something to upset her again.
No, it's not that. I'm sure it's a guy.
I'll bet she went to see her boyfriend.
Don't worry.
Huh?
Is the beer cold?
Yes.
So, Miss Hachiko has a boyfriend?
Why? Does it surprise you?
Yes!
Yes, she says.
Because to me, it seemed that Miss Hachiko thinks only of you, Nana.
There's no way.
But I think only of you, Nana.
Making remarks like that as if it were impossible hurts my feelings.
I'm sorry.
What's this?
Oh, it's a microwave.
Well, I can tell that by looking at it, but...
She said she got a loan to buy it.
Apparently that was the only place she could put it.
If she had that kinda money, why not get an air conditioner?
Geez, that Hachi.
Say, what's with this mountain of leftovers in the fridge?
That... Actually, Miss Hachiko figured tonight would be a night to celebrate,
and she had already prepared this before I arrived here.
Did you already make preparations for our after-party?
No, not yet. Don't worry about us and go.
I'm sorry.
No, you couldn't help it, Nana.
Um, so how did it go with the record company?
Hey, Nana...
For instance, if we were lovers,
would we have been able to fill the gap between us with a hug?
Or... does everyone endure this loneliness?
It's not that I wanted to keep you all to myself, Nana.
I just wanted to be needed by you.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
