The news was not of some severe situation
that would cause people to frown, or at all serious in nature.
But it was a sudden live coverage on a peaceful morning
of a scandal involving one singer with too much makeup.
It made a great impression, and I figured we had a chance.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Hey, did you watch it? This morning's Morning Seven?
I did. Nana.
Who's that?
Ren's girl.
What? What kind of girl?
She pisses me off.
But she was really pretty, wasn't she?!
You think? Her gaze was too strong.
Maybe she put a curse on me.
A curse?
Girls nowadays are amazing.
I mean, using a man to become famous?
I can't forgive her. She deceived Ren.
Oh, you're a fan of Ren Honjo?
Me too, ever since that canned coffee commercial.
That bass player was so cool.
Never mind Nana, what's his name?
The bassist? I wanna know the name of the guitarist.
What is it? What's the band's name?
Try making your own flowers bloom.
Boss, I don't understand what you're saying.
- Hello, this is Gaia Records. - We're terribly sorry.
- The release date for their debut single - We will make an official announcement
- hasn't been determined yet. - once the details have been worked out.
We have no choice but to do it, Mr. Kawano.
In response to all the calls,
every department is set on going ahead with this now.
This is no joke.
If we promote them because of this now, it would be nothing but a set up.
REN HONJO THE DARK PAST OF THE BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO STOLE THE ROCK-N-ROLL HERO'S HEART
REN HONJO THE DARK PAST OF THE BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO STOLE THE ROCK-N-ROLL HERO'S HEART When this magazine goes on sale tomorrow,
REN HONJO THE DARK PAST OF THE BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO STOLE THE ROCK-N-ROLL HERO'S HEART Nana will be under more fire.
REN HONJO THE DARK PAST OF THE BEAUTIFUL WOMAN WHO STOLE THE ROCK-N-ROLL HERO'S HEART
Talented musicians getting their careers destroyed by relentless slander
and record companies who care only about profit.
You've seen it before, haven't you, Matsuo?
But all your efforts to this point would be wasted
if they replaced you with another manager.
I say don't go against it and just do as the agency says.
That proper way of thinking will only be shunned by our superiors.
The fact that you weren't informed of this incident ahead of time
is proof of that.
Anyone in this industry can easily figure out
that our agency was involved with that broadcast.
And the media grabbed onto this scoop knowing that fact.
The party has already started. There's no turning back now.
He's taking me lightly, that raccoon man!
Such a cheap hotel?!
He should have gotten a suite or a deluxe room!
I totally agree. This is too rude.
You think so? I think we're fortunate they decided to protect us.
But they could've at least put us in a hotel with room service.
I'm hungry.
Want me to go and buy something?
Sushi!
Got it!
I'm going then!
Misato?
What are you doing here?
She saw the TV show this morning and got worried,
so she rushed over here.
What a girl.
But I'm relieved to see that you're looking well, Nana.
How did you know we were in this hotel?
Shin emailed me to let me know.
How thoughtful of you.
I knew she would come.
Misato says she'll be staying here for a while.
She can run errands for us,
since we're not allowed to go anywhere.
I'm in room 712.
Feel free to call me for anything.
But what about school?
No need to worry about that.
Then here you are.
It's a present from Mr. Nishimoto at Gaia.
Misato, would you mind eating my share?
All right! Food!
I couldn't do that.
No, really.
Actually I just had lunch with Mr. Kawano, so I'm not hungry.
There's no need to hold back.
Thank you very much. I'm sorry for always being a burden.
Make me some tea.
Say, who is this Nishimoto?
He's the general manager of the production department.
He came to see us at the studio once.
Oh, right.
But so many people came to see us,
so I don't remember them all.
What kind of person is he?
He looks like a fox.
A fox...
Gaia has too many shady guys!
Nana, it's super fancy sushi!
Nishimoto's a great guy.
But for someone in his position to treat us to an expensive meal...
Is it almost decided? Your debut?
Yeah. I guess they feel they could make a few bucks
on the present exposure we're getting.
That fox sure is predictable.
Congratulations.
But there's no need to push yourself, Nana.
If you don't feel like doing this, you simply don't sign the contract.
Oh, that's right. Sorry for getting carried away.
What are you saying? We've gotta do this.
I threw my stupid pride away already.
Now that it's come to this,
I'm gonna take advantage of you any way I can, Ren Honjo.
I'll make it big in this world,
no matter what dirty tricks I must use to get there.
I'll become so big, no one will be able to talk back to me!
Nana, you're awesome!
- Awesome! Awesome! - Did you just realize that?
- Awesome! - I can't use chopsticks...
Where's Nobu?
He's apparently locked himself in his room.
Those rich boys are so weak.
I SAW YOU ON TV! COOL! ARE YOU GONNA BECOME FAMOUS? GIVE ME YOUR AUTOGRAPH.
NANA IS SO PRETTY. INTRODUCE HER TO ME. I'D LOVE TO BE DECEIVED BY A GIRL LIKE THAT!
WHAT'S HACHIKO? NANA'S PET DOG?
You can't break me with food anymore!
No. The food's done nothing wrong. Eat it.
I'm not at all happy that our debut was decided in this way.
I'm surprised Nana's going along with it.
Where has her pride gone?
Overcoming adversities is her pride.
But I have my pride too.
In the end, Gaia could care less about our sound.
Is this what a big record label should be doing?
You know, that's how all big companies operate.
If it sells, anything goes.
Yasu!
And Gaia likely has something to do with all this commotion as well.
I knew it.
This is no more than a speculation by Mr. Kawano and Mr. Matsuo.
The TV station that airs Morning Seven has two music shows,
and there are also other shows that Gaia is tied up to.
So, you see, they have to get along with each other
to maintain their present relationship.
For the network to introduce our band like that,
they must've contacted Gaia ahead of time.
Otherwise, they would never mention the company name.
The show acted like a promotion for us probably
because Gaia allowed the show to air under such conditions.
Should the topic fail and we end up getting crushed,
Gaia would lose nothing from it.
They're the worst.
Nana's sucking it in, but she's gotta be really hurt by this.
I don't wanna debut through an agency like that.
But no matter who you team up with, there will always be a hidden side.
The good thing about Gaia is, if they want to,
they have deep pockets to assist us with.
It's one thing to be all about music,
but unless people get to hear it, what's the point?
If we're going pro,
then it's to our advantage to team up with a place
that will dish out the most money for production and advertising.
I'm sure there are a number of things you're not satisfied about, but...
Lately, my life's been full of things I'm not satisfied with.
Then you must've figured it out by now.
Justice doesn't always prevail in this world.
If you don't wanna lose, you've gotta be tough.
You've gotta be more cunning.
If you can't do that, go back to Terashima Inn.
When I turned on the TV, the afternoon talk show was on.
Ren was surrounded by reporters.
Watching him in the lobby of the international airport walking quickly
and without saying a word, I feel a bit left behind again.
I have no idea where Ren was going.
I don't even know what he is aiming for.
I remembered us talking about living together in that warehouse again,
and began to think that it was even less likely to come true
than my dream of making it as a singer.
Hey, Jun-chan, I wonder where Ren flew to.
Leaving Nana behind.
What I wanna know is how long do you plan on staying here?
If Ren went overseas, does that mean that Takumi went too?
Without me?
Kyosuke tells you to come here, and then flees off to school.
Men can be so selfish.
When's he coming back? We haven't made up yet after that fight.
What should I do?
Nana, you should go back to your parents.
That would be the best for everyone.
No way! Not after Nana sent me that beautiful message of encouragement!
Was that a message of encouragement?
HACHIKO
HACHIKO Nana's hanging in there,
HACHIKO no matter how tough things are for her,
HACHIKO so I've gotta gather myself and do my best too.
HACHIKO
HACHIKO No, in your case, the more you try
HACHIKO the more you cause problems to those around you.
HACHIKO
HACHIKO You'd do better quietly starting from square one.
HACHIKO
Can I reach him on his cell while he's overseas?
Maybe I can still catch him.
She's not listening one bit.
I'm looking forward to London. I wonder how Stella is doing.
Who's Stella?
Takumi's lover in London.
- Lover in London? - Lover in London?
Wow. He's even got one overseas.
I ENVY HIM Wow. He's even got one overseas.
I ENVY HIM
I ENVY HIM And she's blonde.
I ENVY HIM - She's blonde? - A blonde?
- She's blonde? - A blonde?
He not only has one in England.
He also has...
Oh, Takumi! Thank goodness I got through!
- The U.S., China... - What? Really? Awesome!
- Oh, hello. Sorry we're late. - What's the matter?
Um, I-I'm sorry. I said some horrible things this morning.
This morning?
What do you mean troublesome?
Outsiders like you need to shut up!
Oh.
That's all.
Sorry.
I know an outsider like me shouldn't be calling you at such a busy time.
SO SAD...
Hello?
Listen, I'm going to England tomorrow.
I'll email you the hotel's number,
so call me there if you need to reach me.
They have Japanese speaking staff at the front desk.
From tomorrow? For how long?
Hmm... Probably about half a month.
Half a month?!
It's only half a month.
Even if I was here,
I wouldn't be able to see you in this commotion, so it's the same.
It's not the same! It's totally different!
STUPID... STUPID It's not the same! It's totally different!
It's not the same! It's totally different!
Really?
Anyway that's how it is.
I won't be able to go see your parents for a while.
Please explain the situation to them and apologize for me.
Then maybe I'll go back to my parents while you're in England.
It would be lonely staying here.
Yeah, why don't you do that?
So, what have you decided to do?
Will you raise the child at your parents' place?
No way! I want my own family.
I've decided that, no matter what happens,
you and I and the baby will live happily together.
Just the three of us? We can have more.
Come on. We don't need to have more for no reason.
Just help me raise a good kid.
I got it.
I'll buy you a gift from England. Is there anything you want?
A diamond ring!
Right. Come to think of it, I didn't get you an engagement ring yet.
What size?
Seven.
Roger.
Jun-chan! He's getting me an engagement ring as a present!
Congratulations.
Our dreams are finally coming true.
But the ideals we want and the reality that presses against us
always stand staring at each other and things don't quite work out.
Let's drink.
Nana...
You said something about Hachi on TV, didn't you?
I just sent her a secret message.
I'm getting all kinds of email
from people wanting to know what Hachiko is.
It's worse than the spam mail I get from dating sites.
Oh, sorry.
It's okay.
To be safe, I told everyone that it's your pet dog.
I really am sorry. I keep causing you trouble.
If you had never gotten involved with me,
you would likely have had a more peaceful life.
It's okay. I'm doing this because I want to.
I guess I'm living in a story
where I'm at the mercy of women named Nana.
What story is that?
The story of Nobuo!
Then the name of the next woman appearing in that story will also be Nana.
Please spare me from that.
I'm sorry, but I can't erase Hachi from my story.
She's not likely to disappear from my story either.
But I'm probably long gone from Hachi's story.
Hey, Jun-chan, look. Such a beautiful moon.
Putting that aside, are you planning on staying here?
But it's not round. I wonder when the next full moon is.
If you're planning on staying over, I'll tell Kyosuke to stay at...
You know, Jun-chan, that night of the full moon
was probably the happiest moment of my life.
Which night?
I felt that I had everything I wanted.
My heart was filled with hopes and dreams,
and my future appeared to be shining brightly.
I don't think I'll ever be covered in such pure happiness again.
I thought I could do anything for Hachi.
But in the end, when I was challenged,
I couldn't do anything. I am pathetic.
She is really the worst kind of woman, so why can't I give her up?
There's no need to give her up. There's still hope.
Where?!
You just need to go along with my plan.
What plan is that?
The plan to get Hachiko back.
Once she's back in our yard, you can copulate with her again.
You're still talking about her as if she's a dog.
Stop grumbling! If you're a man, fight!
I don't need you telling me. Sure I'll fight!
My plan is simple. Keep showing Hachi sweet dreams.
We, BLAST, just have to keep appearing in Hachi's story
as the really cool band.
NANA OSAKI
NANA OSAKI Then, eventually, she will return for sure.
NANA OSAKI
NANA OSAKI That cold-hearted man who's always shoving the cruel reality onto her
NANA OSAKI cannot bring happiness to a woman like Hachi who loves to be spoiled.
NANA OSAKI
CONTRACT
CONTRACT We plan to use all our company resources to promote you.
CONTRACT
CONTRACT We have high hopes for you.
CONTRACT
CONTRACT Let's do our best together.
Nana!
We plan to hit number one with our first release.
We look forward to working with you.
Ren!
Have a look.
- Big boobs! - No, not the big boobs.
Beautiful woman?
The title has no class but the content is just as bad.
They probably instigated the party.
They must really like your woman.
Well, even I fell for her.
And Gaia eagerly supports this. I have a bad feeling.
What?
Are you returning this?
Nana?
Long time no see Mr. Nakamura.
You weren't here when I came to rent it,
so I thought you had quit.
I'm glad to see you looking well.
Did you come back because you missed me?
NANA REALLY HAS A THING FOR ME Did you come back because you missed me?
NANA REALLY HAS A THING FOR ME
NANA REALLY HAS A THING FOR ME Can you overlook my late fee?
Sure.
Lucky me!
I'm feeling great today.
Maybe I'll drop by the beauty salon near the station.
I wonder if it's still there.
Hello, Miss Hachiko? BLAST's debut date has been decided!
Really?! When?!
Say, Mari.
When's the release date for our next single?
October 31st.
BLACK STONES DEBUT SINGLE OCTOBER 31 (WEDNESDAY) FIRST PRESS EDITION INCLUDES POSTER AND STICKER
Yes, yes.
DIE NANA
You know Hachi.
I can no longer be the hero in your story,
but the name of the heroine in my story is still Nana.
The super cute Nana. You.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
NANA LOVE
