As a child, I thought
your mother is just your mother.
A teacher is just a teacher,
and a police officer is just a police officer and nothing more.
And celebrities were just celebrities. They were different from me.
And I still felt that way, even now, at twenty.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
But this is such coincidence. I'm surprised.
Yes.
Well, surprised doesn't even begin to explain how I felt.
So, where should we go? Do you mind if we get home late?
Tomorrow's Saturday. You don't hafta work tomorrow, do you?
Yes.
What I wanna know is... Is this reality?
Don't be so nervous.
Yes. I'm sorry. It's just...
It's fine. There's no need to apologize.
Yes. But... Oh boy, what am I gonna do?
Now you're making me nervous.
Huh?! Why?
Because, well, I never imagined in my wildest dreams
that I'd meet you in this manner. I wasn't prepared for this.
That's my line.
But I was thinking how nice it would be to see you again.
No way. That's impossible.
No, really. Otherwise, I wouldn't have called you.
The truth is, I'm terrible at doing the small things.
Yeah, this has to be a dream.
Because in reality, these things just don't happen.
Even if they do, at least there's no way it would happen to me.
Green light already? What a restless traffic light.
And so am I.
He seems to be quite the player.
That dream-like kiss abruptly woke me up from my dream.
This is not a fairytale. There's no way Takumi could be a prince.
He'll sleep with me once and dump me.
Wait here.
Should I go home right this moment?
I didn't plan for this to happen.
Hey, isn't he that guy from Trapnest?
Wow! Cool! He's so tall!
Then why did I get into his car?
I'm not that foolish to believe he would even think of making me his girlfriend.
And I'm not that naIve to think this'll end after a drive and dinner.
There must be a part of me that was hoping for this.
There's no need to hesitate. I'll never be in a situation like this again, ever.
I don't have a boyfriend now, so there's no reason to feel guilty.
Think of this as creating a once in a lifetime special memory.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
- He's from Trapnest... - Ren?
No, the long haired guy.
Th-They saw us. And what's worse, while he had his arm around me.
We'll be in the tabloids. We'll be on TV.
I'm hungry.
Um... Mr. Takumi...
Mr?
But you've always just called me Takumi.
Well that's true, but... that's not the point.
It may not be something for me to point out,
but aren't you concerned
of the risks of being seen entering a hotel with a girl?
At the least, perhaps you should wear some kind of complete disguise.
Some kind of complete disguise?
But if I wore a costume, I'd stand out even more.
You'd look good in one! This is no time to be joking!
What's with this guy? He's pretty funny! You'd look good in one! This is no time to be joking!
Not to worry.
The entertainment reporters are too busy to be following my every step.
Our band keeps a lid on our public appearances,
so people don't recognize us enough that we need to be overly cautious.
What are you saying? Trapnest is really famous.
I guess Reira is. She may need a costume.
I'd say all four of you share about the same level of fame.
You think that because you're a fan.
The general public may also recognize Ren, but that's it.
Naoki and I are known as
the blonde guy and the long haired guy.
That's not true! You're number one in my book, Takumi!
I'll bet he thinks of me as a foolish, easy woman.
But that's basically the type of woman I am.
With all I've been through,
I thought I had become more cautious towards men.
But nothing's changed since that summer back when I was seventeen.
If only I could remain high on this moment of happiness,
I wouldn't even care about tomorrow.
What's this?
Awesome!
It's huge! There are two rooms!
So pretty! It's like a castle.
Would this happen to be...
A suite room?
Do you like it?
Right now, I'm so happy I could just die.
If I could die here, I'd die a happy woman.
If you must die, do it in bed.
But before that let's get something to eat.
Choose anything you like.
Huh? Are you suggesting that we eat in the room?
Oh, if you prefer not to, we can dine out.
No, I've dreamed of ordering room service in a hotel!
Their specialty is duck.
Duck? I've never had duck.
Really? Never? It's great. Then how about foie gras?
I've totally never had foie gras.
Then should we get some caviar too?
Yay!
Why not take a shower and relax until the food arrives?
There's a bathrobe, so use that.
Yes. A bathrobe?
He knows this place like it were his own castle.
These are brand name cosmetics. I wonder if I can take them home.
I'm sure tons of foolish girls like me approach Takumi,
and I'm no more than one of the many.
But if I'm here, well aware of that, there should be nothing wrong
with me spending one night to purposely enjoy a dream, right?
Delicious!
Isn't it? But to me, that food you prepared
was better than this, Nana.
That's impossible.
No, I'm serious. While on tour, we always eat out
and I get sick and tired of it.
By the way, you're back on your tour starting tomorrow, right?
Are you okay for time?
Not a problem.
We leave early in the morning so I hafta leave during the evening,
but you can take it easy and spend the night here, Nana.
What? He's gonna leave?
Come on, don't make such a sad face. It'll make it hard for me to go.
Oh, no, I'm sorry. That'll be fine.
I don't mind. I'm not thinking of anything as dreamy
as keeping you here with me until the morning.
Once the tour is over...
I'll come directly to see you.
When I do, would you mind cooking for me again?
I mustn't take him seriously.
It's okay. I'm not that stupid.
I guess I am different from when I was seventeen.
Thank you for the meal.
Then I'll go take a quick shower.
You can warm up and wait for me.
You are really impatient, Takumi.
I'm not thinking of quickly running home
after eating all that I can. So take your time.
But I can't help but wonder
how many women Takumi's slept with, using this method.
Is he really satisfied with commoners like me
who have little money and no skills?
I've gotta warm up. Gotta warm up.
The phone. Should I turn the power off?
090... who is it?
Hello.
Hachiko!
You're late, so I'm getting worried.
Where are you wandering at this hour?
Nana? Huh? Whose phone are you calling from?
Mine.
So you bought a cell phone.
Well, Ren bought me one. He insisted I carry one.
Is that so? That's great.
But I don't understand how to use it. Like how to email.
Doesn't it have a manual?
It's thick, so I don't wanna read it.
I thought I'd have you teach me when you got home,
so I've been waiting.
But unless yours is the same model as mine,
the functions are gonna be different.
Is that so?
Then hurry home, read the manual and teach me how to use it.
What about Ren? Have Ren teach you.
The person who bought that for you should be responsible.
Ren left a short while ago.
Of course. He has to leave early tomorrow morning.
I'm surprised you know that.
B-Because Ren said so yesterday!
Yeah?
Mhm! He totally did!
So, where are you now? When are you coming home?
Well... um, sorry... maybe not today.
I'm at a friend's place, and I might stay over.
Really? So there are friends who are willing to have you stay over,
knowing how troublesome you are.
A guy?
N-No! I-I'm at Jun-chan's!
I'm joking. Don't take it so seriously.
All right. I'll study my cell phone on my own.
Say Hi to Junko for me.
I can't tell Nana.
I don't want her to know.
If she finds out that I'm knowingly being such an easy woman,
she'll never look at me the same.
But you know, Nana...
The truth is, I too wanna love someone as diligently as you do.
Like you and Ren, I too wanna have that connection with someone.
Hey, Nana. The truth is, I'm not at all okay.
I'd hate to be dumped by Takumi after a one night stand.
What should I do? I'm scared, Nana. But I can't run away at this stage.
I can't bring myself to tell him I want him to love me.
This isn't good. I could end up feeling hurt all over again.
If anyone asks, I'm staying at your place tonight. Nana
If anyone asks, I'm staying at your place tonight. Nana Say. What do you think of this alibi creation?
Say. What do you think of this alibi creation?
Nana's roommate is a woman, right?
Mhm.
But that woman is more handsome and manly than your average man.
Nana seems to have a serious crush on her. Maybe those two are a couple.
But never mind that.
Really?
There's something fishy about this.
About what?
Jun-chan. You feeling drunk?
It's the smell of a new man.
I just hope she hasn't been
caught by some guy so terrible she can't even tell her roommate.
Takumi's hair was so long, it showered my body.
As I let it caress me, I laid there wishing he would always keep it long.
Even though I may never touch it again.
He said it'll be hard for him to go,
but once he's done, he's quick to leave.
Even his departure is hurried. Such a busy prince.
I should go home too. I'm done with playing a make-believe princess.
What? I can't. I've got no strength. It's as if I have no bones.
I have to pull myself together. I must quickly return to reality.
In the morning, I've gotta look for whatever job's available.
And this time, I'm gonna take my work seriously.
Damn! The last train left long ago.
And I don't have enough money to take a taxi home from the city center.
I might as well spend the night here.
It's likely a once in a lifetime opportunity
to stay over at a place like this anyway.
Trapnest's tour ends on the eighth of July,
with a performance in Tokyo.
I don't have a ticket,
so I'll prepare something and wait at home.
I'll be waiting with a little bit of hope. Just a little bit of hope.
You met with Yasu? What the heck?
Why didn't you invite me?
Be quiet, blonde guy over there.
Is Yasu doing okay?
I guess so. He hasn't really changed.
Is he still a skinhead?
- Yeah. - Nose piercing?
- Yeah! - So? What's Yasu doing now?
I mean it, shut up, Naoki.
I haven't had much sleep. Let me sleep.
Someone switch seats with him.
Then I'll switch with Naoki.
Hey, Take, which side is Mount Fuji? Which side can we see it from?
Are you listening?
- Say, Takumi... - Yasu?
He's a lawyer now, apparently.
That's not what I'm asking.
But you wanted to know.
So he really did become one, even with that look.
Even with that look?
So his dream came true. I'm glad.
He had already passed the qualification exam
during his fourth year in university.
That's really something, don't you think?
Is that unusual?!
Would you stay outta this, blonde guy?
But now he's moved to Tokyo because of his band.
So isn't his dream to become a professional musician?
Huh? Moved to Tokyo? Because of his band?
The band he and Ren had before Ren joined us.
They found a new bassist,
and have been giving it some serious effort.
What's this?
After snobbishly telling me repeatedly
that bands are nothing more than a hobby? I don't get him.
Yeah. Leaves a bad taste, doesn't it? Want me to rough him up?
What made him decide to do this now?
Yasu!
Why are you smoking?!
Never mind, continue smoking.
I know very well that you only stop smoking in front of me.
You're only considerate like that on the surface.
But then you secretly do stuff in the shadows.
What else are you hiding?!
Nothing really.
You have too many secrets! I'm really pissed off, you know!
Why didn't you say anything about you and Reira?!
Oh, that. I'm sorry.
Were you that impressed by Reira's voice?
It's not funny!
I said I'm sorry.
She was really great, that Reira.
I felt so defeated. I'm no match for her.
Was she like that since the old days?
Is that what you call a genius?
I guess.
But she has defined abs.
Hmm... You sure are well informed.
Where's Hachi? Isn't she coming today?
Nobu, that's all you've been saying.
Huh?
Hey, Nobuo. Are you in love with Hachiko?
No, I, ah...
It's just that, it's kinda lonely without our regular audience.
But Hachi's only one person.
I want to perform live!
I need to release this tension!
Then let's do it. We got an offer to perform.
Tell us more.
Our performance at the Live House...
The crowd liked us, so they asked if we'd be interested in doing another.
Let's do it.
- All right! - All right!
That day I checked the classifieds for job offers
and went to three job interviews.
For a dentist's receptionist, a supermarket cashier,
and a phone operator for a pizza place.
I got turned down by them all.
What could they have found about me that they didn't like?!
I wanna know why you got fired from your job in the first place?
Well, because I started making a habit of skipping work...
But at the interviews I told them in clear terms
that I will take work seriously this time.
Then you told them that you got fired because you skipped work?!
You're such a fool!
You've gotta realize, if you take just any job that you can get,
you'll end up with the same result.
Why not look for a job that suits you better?
What would be a job that suits me?
Well, maybe not specifically one that suits you.
Any job will do as long as it's a job you enjoy doing.
If the workplace deals with things you like,
you'd be more motivated, don't you think?
When you were working for Mr. Mizukoshi,
you were surrounded by nice things and you wore those pretty clothes.
You seemed so alive at that job. Why not look for another job like that?
I see. That makes sense. She's right.
I wonder how Mr. Mizukoshi is doing.
Never mind Mr. Mizukoshi!
But I sometimes think about him.
I don't mind telling you now, but I kinda had a crush on him.
You don't have to tell me. I could tell.
But, you know, taking Mr. Mizukoshi and Takumi into consideration,
you have a thing for long hair, don't you?
No way!
What's with your overreacting?
Because you're saying strange things!
Strange? I prefer men with short hair...
You have it wrong! Mr. Asano had short hair!
- Asano? - And so did Shoji!
Well, I think his hair is pretty long.
Yeah? Well, I guess that wouldn't be considered short.
Seeing that you're comfortable talking about him,
I guess you're over him now.
It would be nice if you could find a boyfriend soon. With long hair.
There was just no way that I could talk to Nana about Takumi.
Being who he is, I couldn't even tell Jun-chan about him.
I wasn't able to discuss him with anyone.
I've never had that experience with love, and it was very painful.
Shoji, are you moving?
What?! Shoji's moving in with Sachiko?!
They're such a lovey-dovey couple.
That's nice. I envy them. They seem so young.
You're right.
You're playing in Kyushu starting today, right? Take care of your health and best of luck to the end of the tour. Nana
You're playing in Kyushu starting today, right? Take care of your health and best of luck to the end of the tour. Nana During his tour, I gathered my courage
You're playing in Kyushu starting today, right? Take care of your health and best of luck to the end of the tour. Nana and sent Takumi one short email message.
and sent Takumi one short email message.
But I never got a reply.
Ren Concert Congratulations Taste the euphoria. From the Guitar Genius
Hey, Nana...
I always admired you.
I wanted to be like you.
I lived life always thinking that.
So please. Please sing again, once more.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
