What name do I give that feeling that was born that night?
Sweet words like love or adore just don't sound right.
Perhaps envy and irritation mixed in with jealousy.
And moreover, desire.
Even now I get anxious.
Because sometimes I feel that this daily life,
living together with Ren, is nothing but a dream.
Ren was a bright light that lightened the boring life I lived until then.
But no matter how hard I try, he still remains outta my reach.
Nana...
I'm going to Tokyo.
You live your life however you like.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Tokyo?
Whaddaya mean, Yasu? Are you quitting university?
I thought you were going to be a lawyer.
No, not me. Ren.
Remember that band Ren and I used to do gigs with
when we had our old band, Trapnest?
Trap? Oh Trapnest!
They had the most awesome female vocalist!
Yeah, we got along real well. Used to go out drinking and stuff.
Well, about two years ago I guess,
the whole bunch of'em went up to Tokyo looking to become pros.
Looks like they got a contract.
No kidding! That's great! I gotta say, they were good, though.
But that contract... their debut...
apparently there were problems and the guitarist quit.
So the whole band got together and decided to call on Ren.
Ren's in Tokyo meeting producers this morning,
but they've already approved his guitar recordings,
so it's just like a get-together.
He's a member of the band, man.
Hey wait a minute...
It's not like he's moved there yet.
He'll be back in town tomorrow.
But he's moving to Tokyo, right?! What about Blast?!
What's going to happen to us?
We've only been together for a year and a half.
We're just getting into the groove...
Don't worry.
You can find bass players a dime a dozen.
We'll find a replacement right away.
That's easy to say, but I don't buy it.
I feel like I've been double-crossed.
Hey man, Ren's been sitting around in town going nowhere.
Don't you think it's a waste?
Well then, why don't we all go to Tokyo with Ren
and venture into our professional career?!
Tokyo, look out for Blast!
Sorry, but I have no intention of making a living in music.
I don't want to gamble my life away like that.
Besides, if Ren goes to Tokyo, he should be playing with Trapnest.
Why?!
There's no guarantee that we'll be able to get a contract anyway.
We can give it a try!
Hey, no matter how hard you try,
there're still a million out there who don't have the luck to make it.
I don't want Ren to be one of them.
Luck is moving in his favor.
He's gotta make it, no matter what it takes.
It's not like just because Trapnest got a contract that they'll sell...
No worries, man. That band will sell.
Their sound and their looks shine.
You put Ren in there? It's a done deal.
But!
Get over yourself!
If you want to go to Tokyo, then go!
But don't get in Ren's way!
Besides, you're taking after your dad's Terashima Inn!
That's probably why you're so carefree about this all.
You don't have to worry about a future.
Get over your sweet dreams about becoming professional
and work for your dad.
Being in a band is playtime.
Yeah maybe, but... I'm worried about Nana.
Is Ren going to, like, dump her and take off?
That's a screwed way of putting it.
Well then, he should take her with him!
What's that attitude? Dump her or take her.
Nana is not some cat that belongs to Ren.
You know as much as I do that she's an independent woman.
She'll go with him if she wants to.
That's something for Nana to decide.
I'm sure that's how Ren thinks, too.
Yasu...
You're really mature.
You're the brat.
But I guess if Nana decides to go to Tokyo...
that's the end of Blast.
When that time comes, I'm out. Although I am going to miss this.
Time to get out.
You go and find another band to be friendly with, Nobu.
When I met Ren the second time,
it was mid-summer afternoon,
when the ocean breeze was biting my skin.
Hey Nobu, wanna join our band?
Why? What about the band you got now?
We're breaking up.
Those guys are hopeless. They don't put their heart in it.
They don't practice, yet keep on complaining.
Hey, I heard that when you were in middle school
you used to play guitar in the school band,
and Ren used to talk about how good you were,
that it would be a total waste if you quit.
Huh?
I can play bass too, so why don't you play guitar?
I'll do it!
Ah, but can we use a guy that's been out of practice for a year and a half.
No problem, Ren!
I still practice at home every day and I know all of your stuff!
I've lately started writing my own, too.
Well then, it's a go.
So who's gonna do the vocals?
That's the problem. Preferably a girl.
I'm sick and tired of those dud guys.
I hear ya. If she can sing at par, I'd prefer a woman myself.
Nobu! A woman! Go find a woman
A pretty one at that.
So what am I? A gofer already? You got pretty women all around you!
Give me a break.
Try bringing in a woman that I've done it with.
They'd only mean trouble.
If there's love, it should be all right.
Love, he says.
Those who laugh at love, cry for love.
Nobuo, there's a friend here to see you!
Miss Osaki! Can I let her in?!
Yeah, sure! Bring her through!
Osaki?
A girl?!
Is she pretty?
What? Yeah, but you've met her before.
Nana.
Nobuo, here's the CDIborrowed. Thanks.
Thanks.
Well, see ya.
Huh?
Hey, Nana!
Nobu, have you two ever gone out for karaoke?
Huh?
Is she good?
Well, yeah. Average, I guess.
Then it's decided.
From that day on, I have witnessed the surf,
pulled by Ren's gravity.
The waves rush with the sound of my heart.
Higher, higher, higher.
Nana, sing in my band.
My feelings overflow and become my voice.
But I haven't yet made it my choice, to sing for Ren.
I sing for myself...
as I always have.
Certificate of Graduation Nobuo Terashima
Certificate of Graduation Nobuo Terashima How's that? Make you jealous?
How's that? Make you jealous?
Look. I sold all the buttons on my uniform.
You gotta give it to the guitarist that played for Blast.
How much do you think I got for the second button?
I can't believe you took money for it.
Get outta here, shrimp. I'm busy.
You're lying. This shop has no customers.
How are you busy?
I'm busy reading!
Why don't you pick up a real book for a change,
instead of reading comics all the time?
I heard about Ren. What are you gonna do?
Of course, you're going to Tokyo with him, right?
Aha, so you've come to stop me.
You gonna miss me?
Go! Go to Tokyo! I'll come too!
What are you saying?
We'll find new members in Tokyo and see how far we can get!
I realize it's not that simple to go pro,
but I think it's worth a try!
I think your singing is all right!
Not that you're super good or anything,
but you have a cool husky voice and I feel like taking a chance on it!
I don't wanna play for anyone else.
That's probably how Yasu feels too.
That's why he's ready to give it all up if you go.
Why is it you telling me this?
Huh?
I wanted to hear those words from Ren. Not you...
Thanks Nobu, but... I'm not going.
Why not? Can you handle being separated from Ren?
Even if you can't be in the same band you can at least live together!
No, I can't do that!
It'll be all right, Nana.
If you go with him,
he's not going to think of you as an obstacle.
That guy, who thinks he's God's gift to women,
hasn't fooled around on you once.
That's proof that he loves you.
I know that.
At least as long as you know.
However! Making love with Ren is not the only thing I live for!
I, too, want to sing for a living.
So let's go to Tokyo!
Not now.
Why's that?!
Man, I don't understand you!
If I go now, I'll end up living with Ren again.
I can't live without him.
So why don't you?
If I do, Ren's gonna be making it big time
in a band with a female vocalist that has a super voice,
while I sit around waiting for my break which may never happen,
making miso soup and waiting for Ren to come home.
No thanks, man.
That is totally degrading.
So I gotta get better first.
Give myself the confidence that
I can make it singing without Ren's help.
One day for sure,
I'm going to Tokyo, even if I go alone.
So bear with me, Nobu. Stick around with me here for awhile.
You don't wanna sing to another guy's guitar?
I don't care.
You don't wanna sing...
I don't care.
Ren and I fell in love exactly a year after we met,
on Christmas night.
We were still feeling the excitement from our concert.
On the way home from the party afterwards...
we frolicked playfully, kidding around like little kids,
on the snow-covered sea wall.
Hey! Far out! A homemade cake! Am I ever popular. I'm eating it.
There might be poison in that.
Actually it's from a fan of mine.
It's the you're making it with Ren so now you must die cake.
Then you taste it first.
I'm not about to be killed for something I didn't do.
No way, man.
It was so sudden I forgot to close my eyes.
Now that we're guilty, maybe I wouldn't mind getting killed.
I seriously thought I wouldn't mind dying.
Because I longed for Ren.
I wanted him so badly...
always, from that day on.
I thought no one was supposed to lay a hand on Nana,
because that would only cause problems in the band.
No worries. There's love. Right here.
You gotta be kidding me.
We didn't waste any time moving in together.
Ren Honjo Nana Osaki We didn't waste any time moving in together.
Ren Honjo Nana Osaki
Ren showed me the joy of singing.
He taught me how to play the guitar.
He gave me the desire to live.
But what have I been able to do for him?
Even if it means I would not sing anymore,
I could go to Tokyo with Ren and at least cook for him every day...
polish the apartment, and have his child...
Maybe that's what I should do.
After all, that's plenty happiness in itself.
For those of us who have no family,
the most important thing...
more than making some dream come true...
has got to be making a home.
Is that all ya got?
Yep. Just give me my guitar and some cigarettes and I'm happy.
He's lying. He sent all his stuff ahead.
Says he doesn't like carrying heavy stuff.
From now on, you won't have guys below you to carry your stuff for you.
I can already see what Ren's poor assistant
is going to have to suffer through.
I guess it's about time.
A year and three months of living with Ren.
In the beginning of spring before the snow completely melted away,
our story ended.
We didn't say goodbye.
But living apart would be the end of us and we knew that.
Phone calls and letters are worthless.
It doesn't mean a thing if you can't be there to hold each other in your arms.
Each night, I could feel his sadness within me...
as he spilled it out without words.
I felt it deeper than anyone else could ever do.
Merry Christmas! We're Blast.
At times, I still regret what happened.
I sometimes feel that this everyday life without Ren is all part of a dream.
Especially on these nights when the snow falls heavily.
On a cold night like tonight, someone, please keep him warm.
Nana, I bought the CD you released. It's the greatest! Your songs give me courage to get through the day. Your lyrics touch me deep inside. I hope more and more people will listen to your songs.
I'd be lonely if you became famous, Nana. Because look at Ren. He's super popular now. I'm happy for him, but I have mixed feelings. But I forgive him because he's cool.
Do you still keep in touch with Ren? Say hi to him for me. Best wishes. I'm rooting for you. AKIKO P.S. I love your latest hairstyle. It's so grown up. Maybe I'll do the same.
To Nana From Misato
It's sweet.
It's been a year and nine months since Ren and I separated.
Soon, the second spring will come.
In March, on my twentieth birthday,
I'm going to go out and buy me a present, to congratulate myself for hanging on.
A one way ticket to Tokyo.
Just give me my guitar and some cigarettes, and I'm happy.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
