They say that the more you fight, the closer you are.
But fighting is nothing but a clash of egos.
Revealing your true feelings
doesn't necessarily make people understand each other better.
I think it's probably impossible to live your life without getting hurt,
but I also think an effort should be made not to hurt others.
I just felt so strongly about that.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
FROM: HACHI DATE: 09/11 SUBJECT: GOOD MORNING
THANKS FOR CALLING ME LAST NIGHT. I WAS REALLY HAPPY TO HEAR FROM YOU, SO I'M SORRY FOR HANGING UP ON YOU SO ABRUPTLY. I THOUGHT LONG AND HARD AFTER THAT, AND REALIZED THERE'S SOMETHING I MUST TALK TO YOU ABOUT. THERE ARE ALSO SOME THINGS I WISH TO ASK YOU. IF YOU HAVE
Good morning, Reira. Did you sleep well?
Yes. My head is clear, perhaps because I didn't take any medication.
Is that so? That's good, since you have to talk to a lot of people today.
A lot?
Yes. In the morning,
you have an interview with a women's magazine here in this hotel.
In the afternoon, we change locations
and all band members will give interviews
to three music magazines and two information magazines.
In the evening, you have two radio show recordings.
I'm so sorry for scheduling all this for one day.
No, the recording got delayed all because of me.
I'm really sorry.
It's okay.
Can I take a shower? Do we still have time?
Yes. The hair and make-up people are scheduled to be here in thirty minutes.
What do you wish to do about breakfast?
Just order something from room service.
Yes.
You forgot it on purpose, didn't you?
I had a day off from work that day,
so I spent the day sleeping peacefully in Ren's arms for the first time in days.
I woke up feeling that my troubles had disappeared.
Damn, I left my umbrella at Ren's place.
Tell him that I won't be seeing him for a while.
Knowing Nobu, he probably never told him.
That guy's really useless.
Is your pride that important to you?
Here, here.
I doubt I'll be able to erase the complicated feelings I have
towards Trapnest's Ren unless I make it big with my singing career.
But the reason I always end up letting things like this happen when we meet
is because I love him.
It's as simple as that.
The strawberry glasses weren't in the kitchen cupboard.
I couldn't imagine Hachi taking my glass too,
so I figured the glass must've broken after all,
which made me feel uneasy.
Actually, both glasses were broken.
Huh?
Takumi told me.
He said, Your woman is terribly brutal. You've gotta discipline her.
Discipline me?
When Hachiko saw them broken, she was so shocked she started crying.
Takumi apparently had a tough time trying to calm her down.
Given the situation, it's normal to think that you broke them out of anger.
In reality, it's not likely that both would break by accident.
It's natural that Hachi would wanna move out without saying anything.
All the more if those glasses were precious to her.
It's more than enough to give her the message
that you're ending your relationship.
What am I gonna do? That wasn't my intention at all.
Then what was your intention?
I don't know.
You really don't remember?
And you don't remember sinking your phone in the water.
Sorry. After you went to the trouble of getting that phone for me.
Something was wrong with me.
It's all right.
If you need a cell phone, we can buy another one.
But I lost all the phone numbers and email addresses I had.
I should've kept a memo.
Well, the few friends you have are mostly my friends too, so...
That's right.
It needs to be recharged.
Charge it right now!
YOU'RE SO LAME!
YOU'RE SO LAME! No, I gotta get going.
You're practicing again at the studio tonight too, right?
Ask the guys directly when you're there.
But I've gotta call her right away.
Rather than calling her, go see her.
Hachi's struggling with morning sickness and it's raining.
She's probably home.
SUITE 302 SHIROGANE SHIROGANE 7-CHOME MINATO-KU
SUITE 302 SHIROGANE SHIROGANE 7-CHOME MINATO-KU Shirogane... 302? That's the same number as Ren's place.
Shirogane... 302? That's the same number as Ren's place.
Ren! Give me a ride to the station!
To Shirogane-dai station?
No, the station over there. I've gotta buy those glasses.
No matter how many times I think it over,
I can't get over how careless I was.
But with the rain getting stronger
and the restlessness of not having an umbrella
added to the anxiety of wanting to hurry and see Hachiko.
How lucky! Is this the rain of grace?
The trigger that alters someone's fate can be pulled in an instant.
Hello, Mrs. Ichinose.
MRS. ICHINOSE Are you going out?
MRS. ICHINOSE Yes. Can you please call a taxi for me?
Yes. Can you please call a taxi for me?
Certainly. Where to?
To the Shirogane-dai station.
SHIROGANE 7-14
SHIROGANE 7-14 This isn't good, I don't have a clue.
This isn't good, I don't have a clue.
It should be somewhere around here. Twenty minutes from the station?
I feel like I've been walking for an hour.
Excuse me.
I need to get to this address. Would you know the way?
I should just act normally. As if nothing ever happened.
Hachi thinks that I'm taking Nobu's side and am therefore furious,
taking a stand for justice.
Because she thinks of me as some hero.
So I must teach her that a true hero always stands by the heroine,
no matter what happens.
Sorry, Nobuo.
I WILL BE WAITING FOR YOU UNTIL 7 O'CLOCK AT THE TICKET GATE OF SHIROGANE-DAI STATION. NANA
Um, excuse me.
It seems that the person I've come to see is not here.
Can you please give this to her when she returns?
Of course. Who is it to, and of which suite?
Suite 302...
Suite 302 is presently vacant.
Could you have the wrong suite number?
302 is the same number as Ren's place.
I definitely don't have the wrong number.
Excuse me.
Smoking is not permitted in the restaurant.
Nana Komatsu?
There's no one by that name living here.
That's impossible! She just moved here recently!
Why, of course. It's under Takumi's name.
What's Takumi's surname?
Or, is Takumi his real name to begin with?
I have no idea what Takumi's real name is!
Takumi of Trapnest and his woman live in suite 302, don't they?!
There's no use hiding it. I already know.
There's no one living here that matches that description.
TAKUMI ICHINOSE NANA CAUTION: DO NOT ACCEPT MESSAGES FROM ANY VISITORS WITHOUT AN APPOINTMENT. TELL ANYONE SUSPICIOUS THAT THE APARTMENT IS VACANT TO DISCOURAGE THEM FROM RETURNING. There's no one living here
TAKUMI ICHINOSE NANA CAUTION: DO NOT ACCEPT MESSAGES FROM ANY VISITORS WITHOUT AN APPOINTMENT. TELL ANYONE SUSPICIOUS THAT THE APARTMENT IS VACANT TO DISCOURAGE THEM FROM RETURNING.
TAKUMI ICHINOSE NANA CAUTION: DO NOT ACCEPT MESSAGES FROM ANY VISITORS WITHOUT AN APPOINTMENT. TELL ANYONE SUSPICIOUS THAT THE APARTMENT IS VACANT TO DISCOURAGE THEM FROM RETURNING. Excuse me, but could you please leave?
TAKUMI ICHINOSE NANA CAUTION: DO NOT ACCEPT MESSAGES FROM ANY VISITORS WITHOUT AN APPOINTMENT. TELL ANYONE SUSPICIOUS THAT THE APARTMENT IS VACANT TO DISCOURAGE THEM FROM RETURNING.
Damn it!
I bet that guy mistook me for a fan of Takumi.
Of all people, Takumi!
Suite 302 is presently vacant.
A peremptory measure.
Takumi would think of that kind of method to get rid of someone.
Sure, if confronted in that way many would think they made a mistake.
And since people believe it is a vacant room,
Hachi, living her life here carefree,
would be like a ghost unaware that she is already dead.
She'd exist only for Takumi and the child she's having.
Hey, Hachi. Are you really all right with that?
What? You're getting married?
Yes.
Are you pregnant?
You're really good at figuring out such things.
That's the only reason that comes to mind,
that would lead Takumi to propose.
But is that really Takumi's child?
Probably.
Have an abortion.
You should tell Takumi the truth and break up with him.
The thought that you'll earn happiness just by getting married
is only an illusion.
Of course, Takumi knows everything.
He knows and he's still marrying you?! That sounds unbelievable!
Huh? But, well, I can go through with this
because we accept each other even after knowing stuff about that.
Am I weird? And Takumi is a weird person too.
No. I don't really know what's weird and what's not about anything,
so don't worry about anything I say.
You think maybe your family situation has some similarities
with the position I'm in now?
I think the reason people are keeping my situation a secret from only you is,
of course partly because they don't wanna talk about me,
but I think it's also because they don't wanna open up
any scars you have from the past.
I also intended to keep it a secret from you,
because I knew you would be against me keeping it.
But then I thought that's all the more reason why
I should tell you everything.
I'm sure your mother went through a lot of agony like I did,
but still wanted to have you, Shin.
I know that much. Stop treating me like a child.
I'M SORRY
Then I want to hear from you
what made you feel that your mother should never have given birth to you.
I don't ever want my own child saying something like that.
But if the child is not Takumi's, I'm sure that would be agonizing for him.
And the child would eventually think it strange
if they don't look alike or their blood types were different.
But even so, I believe we can still be a happy family if we try,
or at least I'd like to at least hope so.
Am I being naIve?
I think so.
But really, don't mind what I say.
Even if there are some similarities,
things will be different if the people involved are different.
You've just gotta do what you believe is right.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I wish I'd been born as your child, Hachi.
Shinichi Okazaki's mother committed suicide shortly after Shin was born.
The truth about Shin's biological father may be lost forever.
I can investigate further if you wish, but you've gotta realize
it's a case about one individual and it happened overseas.
No, this is more than enough for a great story.
I'd rather have you investigate the whereabouts of Nana's mother.
Thank you as usual.
But unless BLAST becomes big, won't this go to waste?
Just watch. There's no doubt about it. They'll be big.
But it appears that Gaia has no intention of letting them debut.
I'll make it happen.
Even if they were to debut, they won't sell.
A visually attractive band may attract fad followers,
but that will repel the real music lovers.
- And, these songs aren't what... - Stop talking like some music critic!
What the people want never changes!
They want a stimulating topic!
And yet the young brats of today just don't get it.
They all believe they're some great artist, it makes me sick.
A world where honor student bands like Trapnest reign is as sleepy as hell!
I would just love to break that nose of Takumi that he proudly sticks up high.
Anyway, I look forward to tomorrow's party.
We'll open everyone's eyes.
Huh? But Search isn't on the shelves until the day after tomorrow, right?
I sold half of the information to TV networks.
They were really into my scenario and practically handed over their wallets.
It wasn't about getting a scoop, huh?
My objective is to increase magazine sales!
Get the people excited with news about their love affair,
and the people will jump at the precious photo!
You got a picture of them together?
It looks great.
That day, I waited for Hachi in front of her place until sunset,
but I couldn't see her.
I'll come again tomorrow after work.
I have a little time before I go to the studio.
I'll get her phone number from Yasu,
so we don't miss each other like this again.
It's not like I'll never see her again.
There's always tomorrow.
Sorry to keep you for so long.
I'm so glad we got the chance to talk about all kinds of stuff.
Housewives are craving for the chance to talk to people.
Don't remain at home thinking only about the baby in your tummy.
You need to get in touch with the outside world.
But the only plans I have to go out are shopping and checkups.
Why don't you take lessons on something?
You'd also make housewife friends that way.
Great idea.
Good luck with your practice, Shin.
Personally, I think some things are impossible to achieve,
no matter how much you practice.
That's not true!
I believe that BLAST will become the best band in Japan someday!
Well then, Madam, we'll meet again when your husband's not around.
Yes.
Shin!
How is Nobu?
He keeps playing his guitar! It's so noisy I can't get any sleep!
I can't wait until dawn.
I hope it'll be sunny tomorrow.
Ouch!
Oh, sorry. You're home.
Seven o'clock?
He just got to bed. I'm amazed how he can get up and go to work.
What are you watching a video of yourself so early in the morning?
No. We're on TV.
Oh, how nice.
Is this Channel Nana?
Wake up! There is no such channel!
MORNING 7 Wake up! There is no such channel!
MORNING 7
Good morning! It's time for Morning Seven!
REN HONJO (22) REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED! Good morning! It's time for Morning Seven!
REN HONJO (22) REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED!
REN HONJO (22) REN HONJO'S LOVE LIFE REVEALED! We have learned about Trapnest's guitarist, Ren's passionate love affair!
The woman is a member of his former band, and vocalist of Black Stones,
a band on the brink of a major debut with Gaia Records.
Her name, Nana!
Ever since that day when the thick clouds passed
and I was suddenly in the spotlight...
The place we were standing was not a stage, but the center of a ring.
I can still hear the cheers and jeers ringing in my head.
Loud and annoying.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
