We kissed, held hands,
and walked to the convenience store without saying a word.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
His hand is so warm. Just like Nana's.
I don't ever wanna let go of this hand.
What do I need to do to have him understand this feeling?
I'm the girl who could not send Takumi back that time
when Nobu was with me.
No matter what I say, I feel like he's not gonna believe me at this point.
But the truth is, I've been holding back the whole time.
I wanted to become Nobu's girlfriend. I wanted to touch him.
I had secretly been wishing
for the day when he would hold me in his arms
as we'd walk this path along the river.
What expression do you have right now,
and what are you thinking?
I'm too scared to find out.
It's okay if you wanna take me away somewhere.
But what if he then thinks I could easily fall for a guy
even though I have a boyfriend, and ends up seriously hating me?
What's with all this boring talk, baldy?
We just have to sell records, right?
That's no big deal at all.
Hurry up and tell Kawano to have the contract ready.
Got it? Answer me.
Okay.
Man, this is really making me sleepy.
I'm so sleepy, I could go bald.
I'm taking a bath and going to bed.
Huh? Aren't you gonna stay up until Hachiko returns?
She won't be coming back. I win the bet.
I bet one hundred yen that he'll come before they even do it!
But Miss Hachiko has a boyfriend.
Well, if I can't stay at Nobu's place,
I guess I'll just go back to my parent's place tonight.
Your parent's place?
Oh, hello, Ryoko? Working hard?
I'm sorry for not contacting you until now.
Yeah, I'm fine. I'm coming over now, okay?
Well, see ya, Misato.
Huh?! You're leaving?! What about the wine?
Wait, Shin!
Who's Ryoko?
She raised me.
Liar. I know you don't have a mother.
How do you know that?
If you don't want people finding out about you,
at least be smart enough to use an alias.
Lately, I haven't told anyone my full name.
Not that I care if people find out,
but I don't like people snooping around.
Then don't do things to make people worry.
You can put up a front as you like, but you're still a fifteen-year-old kid.
You'll need a guardian to sign on your behalf
on the record contract.
If you don't wanna see him, I'll go and get that signature for you.
I'm counting on you, Yasu.
Misato, I'm going home, too.
Huh?
Sorry, I've got a lot of work to do.
That's fine. I don't mind, but...
Does that mean you've accepted defeat in that bet you made?
Hachiko already has a boyfriend, so are you all right with that?
Or rather, is Nobu all right with that?
I dunno. Well, a man becomes weak toward the woman he loves,
but I just can't understand what goes on in the complicated mind of a woman.
In other words, it's a complicated situation, isn't it?
I'm sorry. I'll try to be more discreet.
You'll be here until the end of summer vacation, right, Misato?
Are your parents okay with that?
Yes. There's no need to worry.
Can I ask you a personal question?
What is it?
Misato Uehara. What's your real name?
It's a secret.
It really was a fake name.
And she's such a nice girl.
I really can't understand women. Man, oh man...
Huh?
Oh, there she is.
2001 FIREWORKS DISPLAY WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 22ND TAMAGAWA RIVERBED 19:00 to 20:45
They're having fireworks!
It's close by.
Wanna go together?
I'll carry one.
It's okay.
Actually, carry one.
How can you tell?
Huh? Tell what?
What I'm thinking.
I can't tell.
I kinda feel a connection.
Really?
I'm feeling awkward not having a clue what you're getting at,
so if possible, I'd like you to explain it to me.
Telepathy?
Listen to what I'm saying.
Sorry, I have a tendency to get carried away.
No, it's ok. Actually I find that dreamy side of you quite attractive.
Is he disappointed? What should I do?
Say, that method you use where you seem interested,
and then you pull back.
Is that a trap to get a man to fall for you?
No!
You seem carefree, but you're really cunning.
You're wrong!
What a terrible woman. Did the Demon Lord send you?
That's why you talk passionately about him like some missionary!
That's not true!
You said so yourself, that you're a horrible woman...
I was joking, don't cry!
I'm sorry. I'll break it off with Takumi.
I really didn't want anyone to know about what happened with Takumi.
I thought, then I could act like nothing happened and
become your girlfriend.
I had such cunning thoughts. Lots of them.
Are you disappointed?
No. I'm happy.
Stop staring at me with those teary eyes.
I won't be able to hold back.
I can't take you from him by force.
I can't have you do something that'll make you a horrible woman.
If we let things get outta control now,
you'll end up being trapped between Takumi and me,
and you'll suffer.
Because you're kind and fragile.
I don't find you cunning. Don't be so hard on yourself.
It can't be helped that you're attracted to Takumi.
No matter how hard I try,
I'll probably never be able to compete with him.
That's not true! I!
But if you tell me that
you're still gonna break it off with him and be my woman...
I'll do everything I can to make you happy.
For the sake of your happiness, I will do everything within my power.
Am I dreaming?
I mean, with you by my side, I feel like I can do anything.
But it's a dream that I won't wake up from.
When you break up with Takumi...
and sort out your feelings... then come to me.
I'll be waiting faithfully.
Hey, Nana, I've fallen in love many times to this day,
but I never imagined that a man existed in real life
that would say those things and mean it.
What words has Ren given you so far? I wanna talk to you, Nana.
Sorry for getting back so late.
It's okay.
Actually, you're early.
Are you alone?
Huh? Where are Shin and Yasu?
Oh, they went home already.
What the heck?! And I bought all this for them!
I'm sorry. Let's save that for the next party.
By the way, where's Nobu?
He walked me here,
but he said he was going home because he has to work tomorrow.
Is that so?
So, something did happen?
Then I guess we can call it a day.
I'm working from the morning tomorrow, too.
Do you mind if I take a bath first?
Oh! Nana's in there right now.
I figured you would barge in here.
You've gotta do something about that hobby of yours to peep.
Nana.
Don't get in! What the hell are you thinking?!
What's the big deal? We're both girls.
I'm not into taking baths with other women!
So you would with a man?
That's normal.
It's usually the other way around.
Besides, it would be one thing to share a bath with a human girl,
but this is a female dog that just got back from a walk.
Wait, Nana.
Listen. It's about Nobu.
What about Nobuo?
He asked me to go see the fireworks with him.
Then go.
Is he still in elementary school?! He's useless! That man's got no balls!
In any case, Yasu won the bet. No wonder he's the leader.
He knows everything about his band members.
I think I'll wait until after I break up with Takumi before I tell Nana.
She arranged for me to meet with Takumi,
and cheered me on hoping the relationship would succeed.
I'm sure she'll be like, What the hell?!
If I were in Nana's shoes, that's what I would think.
Not only Nana. Everyone would think that.
I'll say goodbye to him over the phone.
I don't wanna see his face when he gets hurt. He's so full of pride.
Over the past few days,
these mosquitoes have taken a liking to my place.
They're so annoying.
Huh?! Your place too, Takumi? Darn.
I was all excited because it was like I was the only celebrity.
Nothing to be excited about!
Mosquitoes? It's summer, after all.
For real, Reira?
They're at my place, too. The paparazzi.
I wonder whose blood they wanna suck.
Then they must be at my place, too. This is bad.
It's your blood they want.
Oh, that's right.
You've got a woman staying at your place, don't you Ren?
Make her go home before they find out.
We can't afford any scandals with you in it.
What's wrong with that?
Ren Honjo's passionate love life uncovered!
It's not gonna hurt you, right? In fact, it's adorable.
I'll tell her to dress properly whenever she goes out.
By the way, when can we return to our homes
where the mosquitoes wait for us?
Then go home. Our band will be just fine without you, Naoki.
THERE'S SOMETHING I WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT. COULD YOU CALL ME WHEN YOU HAVE A MOMENT? SORRY TO BOTHER YOU AT A BUSY TIME. NANA
You didn't have to respond so quickly.
Hello?
What did you wanna talk to me about?
What's the matter? Did something happen?
The phone won't do.
I can't say goodbye over the phone.
It's inhumane.
Can we meet now and talk?
Sorry. We're filming a TV show right now.
Oh, is that so? Sorry to bug you during work.
It's okay. We spend more time waiting than shooting.
It's such a drag.
That's rare for you to be on TV.
Satellite TV. They're doing a special on us.
Really? But we don't have a tuner at home.
If you're a fan, then buy one.
This isn't good. This is no time to be chatting casually.
What's the matter? Is it something you can't discuss over the phone?
I'm fully booked for a while, and I can't make any plans.
I see...
What? Don't tell me you're pregnant!
Huh?! No, that's not it!
So that's not it. Thank goodness. You scared me there.
I may not look it, but I'm pretty sensitive.
I don't deal well with inconveniences like that.
Sorry.
Inconvenience?
Who talks like that?!
Tossing aside his responsibilities like it's the normal thing to do!
There's something wrong with him as a human being!
And why am I apologizing?!
We're up.
Sorry, I'll have to go now.
I'll call you when I have some time.
You don't have to!
In fact, don't ever call me again!
Goodbye!
I told him. I was able to tell him!
It's over.
Nana seems pissed off with me.
Huh? Nana? Oh, you mean Hachiko. I can see why she's pissed off.
Don't tell me you're pregnant!
You scared me there. An inconvenience.
And you say you're sensitive?
You don't even have an ounce of sensitivity.
But it would really be a problem, so I had to tell her.
Besides, she'd be the one most troubled by it.
If you think so, then I suggest you come up with a proper and bright family plan.
You're one to talk.
It's not a problem with me.
In fact, I would love to start a bright family.
But she's on the pill again. Such a dark woman.
So it's all about what you want.
He's not calling back.
How come? That's so anti-climactic.
Why was I clinging onto such a loveless man?
It's like a love that lasted one hundred years
coming to an abrupt end.
Wait a minute.
I knew from the start that Takumi had no love in him.
There's no way Takumi would be hurt by what I say.
I've awakened from a hundred-year sleep. That's all.
Every time we meet,
we get under the covers and he tells me sweet nothings.
Whenever we held each other tight,
I vaguely had this vision that a day will come when this will turn to love.
Still that was nothing but an illusion. I have finally awakened to the truth.
I'll be waiting faithfully.
The kiss of a real prince has awakened me.
PRINCE
Although he doesn't really strike me as the prince type.
But never mind that.
You surprised me!
Sorry to bother you at work. Nana told me where you work.
So you work in a record store.
Come to think of it,
you've got a lot of records at your place, too.
Actually, I only work here twice a week.
Other days, I have short term jobs, and other stuff.
I see. By the way, what time do you get off today?
At nine.
Then I'll wait for you until then at the cafe next door.
Come to think of it,
there are many things that I don't know about Nobu yet.
I want to learn everything about him.
But I'll bet his blood type is A.
Since he's basically a serious person.
Darn it. I'm feeling restless.
Hi there!
Stop startling me!
Hey Nobu, are you hungry?
I came directly after work, so I haven't eaten anything either.
Oh? Then let's have dinner somewhere.
Actually, I wanna go to your place and make something!
Huh? My place?
- No good! - Why not?
I told you yesterday.
Put an end to things first, and then come to me.
But I did. That's why I came.
Too fast!
I'm sorry. But I was holding back all day today.
The day seemed like a year to me.
It might've felt like a year to you, but one day is still one day.
Then I'll try and wait for one more day.
Do you know how to make nikujaga?
It's my specialty!
She's so cute! Let's just pretend that a year has passed.
Where's Hachiko?
She said she may not be coming home today.
I got an email from her.
You think she's at her boyfriend's place again?
What? But I thought they're filming until midnight.
TELL ME WHERE NOBU WORKS! HACHIKO
Hey, Nana...
What words of love has Ren given you?
I should've asked you then. I should've found out.
That claw-foot bathtub isn't here anymore.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
