At the time, three years after their debut,
Trapnest had reached a million in sales, both in the singles and album charts.
Their vocalist, Reira, was in a class of her own
with a voice quality and range exceptional for a Japanese singer.
Ren wrote almost all of their songs.
That day, for all two hours of the show,
my eyes were on Ren the whole time as if he was performing on his own.
I kept sending him telepathic waves
hoping that he would sense Nana's presence.
At times I felt Ren was looking this way,
but in an instant his eyes would wander off elsewhere.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Is he unreachable? After coming all the way here?
Thank you very much.
Encore! Encore! Encore! Encore!
The fans were great today. They were really into our performance.
Is this their national identity?
You mean prefectural identity. We're not on a world tour.
Please, don't bother talking to the audience on stage, Naoki.
It exposes your lack of intelligence.
Let's add songs to our encore.
Two more songs don't feel like enough.
But we haven't rehearsed any others. Don't be ridiculous.
That'll be impossible. We're approaching our time limit here.
We're not renting this hall for free, you know.
For a manager, you can be real stingy, Take.
Reira, you shouldn't talk either.
Hey, Ren, you know you made a mistake in the second song.
You might've thought you got away with it,
but that was pretty obvious...
Where are you going, Ren?
Toilet!
Where'd he make a mistake? I didn't notice anything.
So even Ren can make a mistake, I guess.
Notice it, damn it. What is it with our band members?
Encore! Encore! Encore! Encore!
Hasn't Ren noticed that you're here?
He's not likely able to see the audience at all with all those spotlights.
Really?
Well, I can't speak from experience.
I've never performed on a stage this big.
No way! He cannot see us?
Maybe. But we're sitting in the first row. Can't he see a little?
Oh, this may be a trap set up by the Demon Lord.
It must feel really good, singing in such a big place.
You'll be able to...
Being you, Nana, I'm sure you will.
The band BLAST will surpass Trapnest!
Yes.
Yasu, Nana's here!
Right. Is the concert over already?
It's not over. We're about to go out for the encore.
Well, good luck with that.
You knew about this, didn't you? Why didn't you tell me?
I wanted it to be a surprise.
Then you succeeded. I even made a mistake on stage.
Although I faked it with a little rearrangement.
Really? That's even more than I could've asked for.
It's not a laughing matter!
If it were in Tokyo, that's one thing,
but what's she doing here out in the country?
Not to mention the front row.
Then jump off the stage and embrace her.
You can't expect me to do that!
Ren! What are you shouting about?
Don't lose it yet, we're not done with the performance!
We're going out for the encore!
Go. I'll email you the cell number of the girl Nana's with.
If you wanna see Nana, call that number.
How can I face her after what happened?
I'm tired of hearing you say that. You can be such a drag sometimes.
If you don't intend to see her...
I'll take Nana for myself.
Ren, we're going!
Dinner is ready.
They played two songs for the encore.
Ren didn't glance over this way even once.
This is making me really nervous, having a meal with such a cute girl.
A cute girl?
What are you saying, dad? You perverted old man.
What! You're one to talk, with that Tarzan outfit.
- Tarzan? - Go back to the jungle!
It was as if I had awakened from a dream.
We were reminded once and for all that Ren is now a superstar
and out of our reach.
It made me feel miserable.
That was refreshing.
The bath's available if you wanna take a bath, Nana.
I left towels out for you.
Sure. Thanks.
Oh, darn! I forgot to switch it back on.
YASU
YASU Yasu?
YASU
That's unusual. What could it be?
Ren might be giving you a call.
Nana! Big news!
You know, you shouldn't barge in like that while someone's taking a bath...
But this really is big news!
Another murder somewhere?
No! Look here! Yasu sent me an e-mail!
Yasu?
I'm sorry, Nana. I had forgotten to switch my phone back on.
Because it had to be switched off while at the concert hall?
It's past midnight. He may have tried to call.
What's the meaning of this? Why would Yasu?
I don't know. Maybe Yasu gave Ren my number.
But Ren was unreachable, wasn't he?
I don't really understand, but what should we do?
Call Yasu.
- Hello. - Hello, Yasu. It's me.
Hello, Nana. Sorry about giving out your number without asking.
No problem.
Did Ren call?
I'm not sure.
Huh? Did you check your missed calls?
I forgot to turn the phone back on after the concert.
- What? - I wonder if Ren's already called.
Who knows?
What'll I do?
Just wait and I'm sure he'll call again.
Really?
Probably. I provoked him a bit.
Don't joke around, baldy!
I don't know what you told Ren, but mind your own business.
I have nothing to say to him at this point.
Well, let me make one thing clear.
It was he who called me after noticing you at the concert hall.
I just gave him the phone number.
If you have nothing to say to him, tell him that directly.
If you have no need for the key to the place you and Ren used to live,
and the key to the padlock around Ren's neck, just get rid of them.
That would put an end to everything.
Put yourself in his shoes.
He's bound by a woman he can never have again.
I understand. Give me Ren's cell number.
I'm not the type to just sit around and wait.
FROM: YASU GOOD JOB NANA KOMATSU'S NUMBER
If you don't intend to see her, I'll take Nana for myself.
Ren!
Hey, give me one too.
Come on.
Oh, never mind.
I can't sleep so I'm going to Takumi's room to play cards.
Wanna come?
Cards again?
Yes. We're playing Shichi Narabe again.
Not the image of rock musicians, is it?
I'm fine. I'll pass.
Being a rock musician and all.
Let's play! It's no fun without you.
Takumi, Naoki and Take are all lousy players.
It's no fun winning all the games.
Sorry, but I'm really tired. I'm going to bed. Good night.
Is that so? Darn.
Reira.
Huh?
Your voice is a bit rough. You okay?
Let's do our best, okay? Sixteen to go.
Who is it?
Nana.
What a way to greet me. You seem to be well.
I have something to talk to you about. Can we meet now?
Sure.
Where are you now?
In my hotel room.
Alone?
Yeah.
Would it be unwise for me to go there?
No.
If you'd rather meet me outside somewhere, just tell me where.
No, that would be less convenient.
It doesn't look like I'll be able to leave here.
Then I'm coming right now.
What hotel and what's the room number?
So many fans...
They've found out where the band's staying.
No wonder he can't go out.
What does Nana plan to do once she meets Ren?
What's she gonna tell him?
Nana's really stubborn, which worries me.
I'm so worried it's not likely I'll get any sleep.
Good job.
Are you a staff member?
Show me your pass.
Oh, my pass? It must be tough, having to check passes here as well.
Oh? I think I left it in my room. I'll go get it.
This area is off limits to the public.
It's a real problem.
Do you have any idea
how much trouble obsessed fans like you cause the band members?
I'm not really a fan!
Now go on. Go on home.
I asked that girl to come.
Please let her through. Here's a little payment to keep it a secret.
Oh, is that so? Well, sorry'bout that.
The security's really tight. Sorry, maybe I shouldn't have come.
Ren...
Let me go!
I have no intention of getting back together with you!
I wanted to see you.
I shouldn't have come.
You're ingenious, Yasu.
Knowing Nana, naturally she's gonna feel the need to give the keys back to Ren
after what you told her.
Hey, I'll take that! Pon.
But if she gives him the keys, it would be over between them?
If she really wanted to end it with him,
she wouldn't go through the trouble of meeting him just to hand over some keys.
It just gives them an excuse to meet.
They're man and woman. Let that take care of the rest.
Shin, not that I care, but you've been acting saucy lately.
Don't be so snobbish.
- Oh, that's Ron for me! - Huh?!
Did I win?
He's good.
You tricked me. You are so not cute.
Mahjongg is so much fun.
Next time we should play with four people.
Does Nana play too?
Yeah. We used to play a four-person game a lot
when Ren was around.
Say, let's ask Ren over next time.
Really? I can meet Ren?! I wanna see him!
I wanna see him too!
Why is it you're always secretly meeting Ren behind my back?
I'm always left out.
Ren doesn't have the guts to see you.
Huh?
So he feels guilty about leaving BLAST.
He initially declined Trapnest's offer, you know.
Then Takumi gave me a call.
I was the one who persuaded Ren to join.
Still, he feels that he betrayed us.
There's no need for him to fuss over something that happened in the past.
It doesn't suit him.
But that's Ren for you.
Can a guy so awkward with people
really make it in the brutal world of entertainment?
It worries me.
Well, in that case, why don't I send him an email?
An invitation to a mahjongg tournament.
Yay!
He'll be so happy that he'll cry.
By the way, Yasu, you said you provoked Ren on the phone.
I reached into the sky By the way, Yasu, you said you provoked Ren on the phone.
I reached into the sky
I reached into the sky What did you say?
I reached into the sky
I reached into the sky What tactics did you use? Tell me so I can learn for myself.
What tactics did you use? Tell me so I can learn for myself.
But I couldn't reach what I wanted What tactics did you use? Tell me so I can learn for myself.
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
But I couldn't reach what I wanted I don't really have any tactics.
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
But I couldn't reach what I wanted Can't you tell the level of my stupidity?
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
But I couldn't reach what I wanted But you're really smart! Unlike Nobu.
But you're really smart! Unlike Nobu.
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky But you're really smart! Unlike Nobu.
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky It's not about how smart I am.
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
Like colorful balloons You still have a lot to learn.
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
My hand had no place to go Back then, I thought I'd never wanna fall in love again.
Back then, I thought I'd never wanna fall in love again.
And gently you took it Back then, I thought I'd never wanna fall in love again.
And gently you took it
And gently you took it But that night, I wanted to dream again.
But that night, I wanted to dream again.
Starless night But that night, I wanted to dream again.
I won't look back at the shadow of my past But that night, I wanted to dream again.
I won't look back at the shadow of my past I wanted to love someone from the bottom of my heart,
I wanted to love someone from the bottom of my heart,
I want to feel your warmth I wanted to love someone from the bottom of my heart,
I want to feel your warmth
I want to feel your warmth no matter how I may get hurt, no matter how I may suffer.
That's what I felt that night, Nana, while praying for your happiness.
Tears are falling down That's what I felt that night, Nana, while praying for your happiness.
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go That's what I felt that night, Nana, while praying for your happiness.
That's what I felt that night, Nana, while praying for your happiness.
Of your hand holding mine That's what I felt that night, Nana, while praying for your happiness.
Of your hand holding mine
Starless night
Even if your lips spill weak words
I want to believe in your warmth
Endless love
I even love your contradictions
You are my shining star
