A customer booked a tour, and she specifically requested me!
It's time to show how much you've learned from your training.
Please do your best.
Okay!
If you're ever in trouble, just shift your wonderful power into overdrive and do your best, okay?
Okay!
Or you could always escape by sculling backwards at full speed.
Okay!
Uh, no...
Dear Ai, ever since the end of Carnevale,
spring has been coming ever closer to Neo-Venezia.
Good job.
That was really fun!
Here, please take my hand.
Thank you.
Now that the tourist season is over, we Undines aren't as busy anymore.
We have one more appointment left today.
Tomorrow, we have one appointment in the morning, but none in the afternoon as of yet.
Hello, this is the Aria Company.
Eh? P-Pardon me.
Yes, we will be waiting for you.
Well then, I'll see you tomorrow.
My, my. What's the matter?
Umm...
It was a booking request.
And the customer said she'd like me to be her guide.
Oh, my!
Congratulations, Akari.
You'll have to work hard tomorrow.
Yes! I'll do my best!
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
That Smiling Customer...
No big springtime yawns allowed!
Right! Sorry... No big springtime yawns allowed!
Right! Sorry...
It's just that I couldn't decide today's route until this morning.
That customer sounds suspicious.
Eh? How so?
If this person called the Aria Company and wanted you, a Single, even though Alicia was available...
What kind of reason?
For example, maybe this customer wants to have fun teasing a Single!
Huh?!
If this customer's like that, Akari will be teased like crazy, and it'll end in disaster.
Wait! If this customer's like that, Akari will be teased like crazy, and it'll end in disaster.
Wait!
Maybe...
Huh? Maybe...
Huh?
This customer could be the legendary surprise examiner.
Surprise examiner?
It's just a rumor, but...
They ride in a Single's gondola and conduct surprise inspections on their aptitude.
So, what happens if you fail the inspection?
Apparently, if you fail, you get demoted from a Single to a Pair.
W-W-What should I do?! W-What should I do, Aika?!
W-Wait! Calm down, Akari! W-W-What should I do?! W-What should I do, Aika?!
W-Wait! Calm down, Akari!
See you later, then.
Akari.
Akari.
Do your best, even if your customer is difficult, okay?
Please try not to fail, okay?
Okay. Thank you, Aika, Alice.
Well then... Let's go practice, shall we, Junior?
Yes, Aika.
I'm back.
It's almost time for your booking, isn't it?
Yes.
I'm... a little nervous, though.
My, my. It has been a while, hasn't it?
Yes.
Oh, that's right.
I marked my chosen guide route on a map yesterday.
Umm...
Found it!
I'm Amarantha. I believe I have an appointment for today?
Ah, yes!
My name is Akari Mizunashi, I'll be your guide today.
Pleased to meet you!
Pleased to meet you, too.
Please wait a moment while I prepare for our trip.
Please watch your step.
Thank you.
Excuse us.
Why don't you sit next me?
Let's enjoy this together.
Ma'am, is there any specific place that you'd like to see?
Let's see...
I'll leave it up to you.
Eh? You'll leave it up... to me?
I've been a big fan of Neo-Venezia ever since I was young.
I've visited this city several times, so I've already seen all the major sightseeing spots.
I see.
So, if you don't mind, could you show me a side of Neo-Venezia that only you know?
Yes, I'll do my very best!
They're off.
Aika, I thought we were going to practice?
W-Well, aren't you worried about Akari being out there on her own, though?
Besides, you can leave if you want, Junior.
No, I'll accompany you.
If she is the legendary examiner, I'm really curious what kind of inspection she performs.
I-I see...
Okay, Junior! Let's get going then!
Go!
Roger!
Ma'am, please look at the building up ahead on your right.
It's not a historic building, but...
If we move over here...
Please notice the statue on the roof.
Oh, my.
When you're in this exact spot, the statue appears to be holding Ukijima.
Oh, my! How interesting.
It really is.
Thank goodness!
Akari?
Yes?
Could you move the gondola forward a little, please?
Yes ma'am.
Is this okay?
Yes. Is this okay?
Yes.
Could you go in between those two palina, please?
Of course.
Is this spot okay?
Yes, thank you.
It's two statues now!
This view can only be seen when you're in between these two palina.
You've been here before, haven't you, Ms. Amarantha?
Yes, I've been here once before.
But it was fun.
Where are you going to take me next?
Well then, allow me take you to our next destination.
Is there something special about this spot?
Not that I know of...
It looks like everything's going well.
So far, sure. But the scary part is yet to come.
Junior! Back up, back up!
This pastor is creating an accurate miniature replica of Neo-Venezia.
It's been two years since I started this as a hobby.
The main island of Neo-Venezia is finally starting to take shape.
I wonder what they're looking at?
Who would have thought there'd be a sightseeing spot here?
What's the matter, President Aria?
Oh, is that so?
Last time I was here, you had only completed the District of San Marco.
I'm guessing it'll probably take me another five years to complete the whole thing.
Feel free to come back and see it anytime.
Thank you very much.
There are many different kinds of people here, aren't there?
Yes!
Everyone's a big fan of Neo-Venezia.
Fans Pontedi Rialto San Marco
The Original Buttered Baked Potatoes
Here you go.
Thank you very much.
Here, Alicia.
Thank you, Akari.
Yes, yes. There's one for you, too.
It's delicious.
Yes. It's the best buttered baked potato in Neo-Venezia, after all!
President Aria, it's hot, so I'll cool it down for you.
Here you go.
Excuse me, Mr. Shopkeeper.
Yes?
Have you changed the butter recently?
Well, the shop I always used to purchase my butter from closed down.
Does it taste bad? I thought I chose a good new butter, but...
Not at all, it tastes even better now.
Really? What a relief!
Thank you for your continued patronage!
Continued?
I want to eat buttered potatoes, too!
Please restrain yourself, Aika.
But...
Oh, my.
Our scheduled time is almost up.
Ah, yes. It is, isn't it?
Thank you very much for today, Akari. I had so much fun!
Um, Ms. Amarantha, Alicia.
There's one more really special place I'd like to show you.
Is there any way you'd allow me to take you to one last spot?
I still have some time. Please, let's go see it.
Thank you very much!
I wonder what happened?
Maybe... the lady said she failed?
Ehh?! N-No way!
L-Let's hurry and follow them!
Yes!
That's such a narrow canal...
I wonder where they're headed?
How far are they planning to go?
We've arrived.
We'll be going through some narrow passageways, so please keep to the center of the gondola.
This is the back garden of a convent,
which was submerged and abandoned when the water level rose.
What a spectacular place.
I hope you're satisfied with the tour?
Akari?
Yes?
What's behind that door?
Umm...
I'm not sure.
Why don't we go have a look?
Ah, yes!
Let's keep going straight.
Okay.
A forked canal, huh?
I wonder which way they went?
This way! This way!
Let's go beneath that tree, Akari.
O-Okay.
Amazing!
But it's still early in the season for the wisteria to be flowering...
It gets plenty of sunlight here, but...
That's why, compared to outside, this tree always flowers a little earlier.
So that's it!
That's wonderful.
Ms. Amarantha.
By any chance, were all the places that I showed you today...
I see...
I took to you to places which I thought were my very own special spots, but...
I'm sorry.
Akari.
Right now, my heart is filled with wonderful memories from today.
But...
You showed me so many places today, and I was able to feel your heart in all of them.
I could feel that your heart was eager to share your favorite parts of Neo-Venezia with me.
My heart...
That's what's most important.
No matter how delicious the food is, no matter how beautiful the scenery is,
in the end, if your heart isn't in it, it won't be a truly wonderful memory.
What I truly wanted to see today was you, doing your best to show me around.
I can see you've definitely inherited the Aria Company's spirit of hospitality.
I'm relieved.
Yes!
Oh?
Aika, Alice!
Um, Aika said she was w-worried about you, so...
Wha-?! Um, Aika said she was w-worried about you, so...
Um, Aika said she was w-worried about you, so...
N-No I didn't! You're the one who was hung up on some legendary examiner! Um, Aika said she was w-worried about you, so...
N-No I didn't! You're the one who was hung up on some legendary examiner!
N-No I didn't! You're the one who was hung up on some legendary examiner! You have wonderful friends.
It was your idea first, Aika. Yes, they truly are.
It was your idea first, Aika.
It was your idea first, Aika. What are you talking about?!
What are you talking about?!
Say, Akari.
I'm not the only one who likes to take tours on a Single's gondola.
Is that so?
The current system of allowing rides on a Single's gondola for a lower price...
In that way, the whole city helps to raise the next generation of Primas.
I guided Ms. Amarantha when I was a Single, too.
So did Akira and Athena.
Eh? Akira, too?
Um, did Athena cause you any trouble?
Not at all.
I have very joyful memories with all of them.
I feel that every time a wonderful Undine masters her craft,
the city of Neo-Venezia becomes even more wonderful.
That's why I choose to tour on a Single's gondola.
Seeing you all grow as Undines is my greatest happiness.
One day...
One day, when I mature as an Undine and become a Prima...
Yes. I look forward to it.
Thank you very much for today.
My thanks to you as well.
Please come visit us again!
Yes, of course. Let's meet again.
See you then.
Alicia.
I have to do my best and become a Prima, don't I?
That's right.
Dear Ai, today I felt as though the entire city of Neo-Venezia...
No, as though all of Aqua was watching over me.
She was a wonderful customer, wasn't she, Akari?
Maybe it was Aqua itself that sent her to you.
Don't you think so, Akari?
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
