Although it's already May, the wind at night still feels very cold.
This is no different from my home town in the mountains.
I had thought that Tokyo was a warmer place.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Well, this may still be Tokyo, but we're way out in the suburbs.
Or rather, don't you think the weather's gone nuts?
One day it's hot like summer and then another day it gets cold enough
to convince you we've gone back to winter.
Is the weather gonna get even crazier? I'm getting worried.
I'm a lot more worried about you,
Shin, the way you're headed on a direct path to destruction!
Why?
Oh, the phone.
Hello. Oh, Mayumi? Mhm, no problem. Where are you now?
Roppongi? I'm out in the suburbs right now.
Then do you mind if I got on a taxi? Really?!
All right!
Yeah. I'll be on my way now.
I'm sorry but something came up so I'll be going now.
Okay. Be careful.
- Although... - Shin.
You're free to choose whatever life you wish to live,
but don't you do anything that will give the band a bad name!
Nana!
Shin's only fifteen, so you could be kinder to him
than push him away from you like that.
What would you do if he goes astray and joins some biker gang?
Hey, Shin. I don't know why you left home,
but I'm sure you were going through some very difficult times
to make that decision, right?
Did your stepmother tease you?
- Stepmother? - It's all right!
You don't hafta talk if it's painful.
But, Shin, please understand one thing.
If you underestimate women, you'll get hurt in the end.
Okay. I'll be careful.
Oh boy.
Not!
You haven't fixed anything.
Besides, how is giving some advice gonna help him?
Advice? You're wrong. I was giving him a warning.
I'm going home. I have to start work in the morning tomorrow.
Nana!
Don't be so unfriendly and stay with me.
How do you expect me to spend the time alone here?
Are you serious about waiting here until Shoji gets off work?
It's easily another hour, at least.
But...
There's no need to wait. He did say he'd drop by our place later.
But still!
Jun-chan told me I should show him that I care for him.
Whatever. Then let's go wait for him inside.
No!
Since he said not to wait for him,
openly waiting for him in full view would only have the opposite effect.
Then like I said, let's go home.
If he thinks I went home only to find that I had been waiting for him,
don't you think that would touch his heart?
That's just silly.
You have no clue how a young girl in love feels, Nana!
I don't understand!
I hate cunning women like that.
If you just say you're waiting for Shoji because you love him, then sure,
I have no problem staying here with you.
Well of course, that's the first and foremost reason...
Then all that other stuff is unnecessary. Just wag your tail and wait.
I hate cunning women like that.
Nana!
It's okay! You'll catch a cold.
I'm not that weak. Besides, I don't feel cold.
No way. It's really cold today.
Compared to the cold weather I experienced in my hometown,
Tokyo is like a tropical island.
The place I lived is covered in snow half of the year.
So that's what your hometown's like.
I'd like to go there sometime. The place where you grew up.
Thanks. It's warm.
Yeah.
You know how Shoji said he had something he needed to talk to me about?
He had such a serious look. It got me thinking.
So I'd probably be unsettled and restless if we went home.
Sorry for having you stick around.
I couldn't say anything else.
I just continued listening to the tune Nana was quietly humming.
Nana's eyes were so clear.
She seemed to fit in better with snowy mountains,
than in this city where you can barely see the stars.
The truth is I am a very cunning woman.
I was no longer the pure woman who would continue waiting for Shoji,
while expecting nothing in return.
But I pretended to be.
Because I didn't want Nana to dislike me.
Good night! I'm going on ahead!
Sachiko... You know, I...
I'm gonna break up with her.
Hey!
They're finally finished. Someone's coming out.
Really?
Sachiko!
What?
This girl...
I'm sorry!
Sachiko? Of all the names...
What are you doing? What's with this woman?
She's my girlfriend.
Huh?!
You telling me that you have two girlfriends?
You sure have it good!
This can't be. This can't be happening.
I need to talk to you about something.
There's gotta be some sorta mistake.
I'm sorry!
There's no way Shoji would do something like this.
Don't!
Sachiko! It's okay, stay back!
Don't be violent with Shoji!
Shut up! I won't be satisfied until I beat him up!
Stop it!
Stay out of this! This has nothing to do with you!
You're the one who has nothing to do with this!
She's right.
If you want to hit someone, then hit me!
H-Hey!
I was the one who had a crush on him!
I knew he had a girlfriend, and still I could not stop myself!
I won't hide or run away so hit me to your heart's content!
You sure have guts.
Cut it out.
Hachiko!
Why are you just standing there?! This is your fight!
You do something!
If you don't fight, you've accepted defeat!
He's your man, isn't he? Fight to get him back!
I don't want him.
I don't even wanna see his face.
I wasn't mature enough to forgive his betrayal.
And I had too much pride to cling onto someone who just hurt me.
I lose.
The next day, like a sick person, I spent all day not being able to get outta bed.
I tried not to think about anything.
I wanted to put my mind on something else to distract me,
but I didn't feel like doing anything.
I repeatedly dreamt about Shoji.
Coming.
Who is it?
Ren?!
What a surprise. It was a dream. What is it with me,
dreaming of celebrities at times like this when I'm supposed to be heartbroken?
But why Ren?
Could this have had something to do with it?
But I'd rather dream of Takumi...
It really is the doorbell! Is it Takumi? Or could it be Naoki? Maybe Reira?
Yes, coming!
Thank goodness! You're alive!
Oh. It's only you Jun-chan.
Come on! How many times must I ring the doorbell?
You had me worried that you slit your wrists or something.
Give me a break.
My wrists?
I see. So you heard about last night. Slitting my wrists...
That may be better than jumping off a bridge.
Oh, Nana must've called you.
Huh?
She's working today so she's worried about leaving me here alone all day.
No. Your roommate isn't the type to think of doing such a thing.
Huh?
Shoji called me a short while ago.
He's worried about you.
The hell with him.
If he cannot come himself I don't want him worrying about me!
You're right. Sorry, it was stupid of me to tell you.
But you know, Nana, this is hard on Shoji too.
You know very well the type of guy he is.
Are you taking his side, Jun-chan?!
No, this isn't about taking sides.
He was cheating on me all along!
It wasn't the whole time! And don't say that he cheated on you.
There you go again! You are taking his side!
Maybe I am.
To me, Shoji is a good friend just as important as you, Nana.
I can't always be taking your side about everything.
Honestly, I have a problem with
your tendency to be quick to play the victim.
It's true. Shoji is at fault
for going after another woman before clearing things with you first.
But before we focus on that,
you've gotta acknowledge you're also to blame for this, Nana.
I know that.
But I did the best I could, Jun-chan.
I even found a job, so that I could make it on my own.
But that's something you did for your own sake.
From long ago, you would always think about just yourself.
You showed very little care for Shoji.
Love is all about a relationship two people build for each other.
If you cannot care for your partner, the relationship isn't gonna work out.
I'm back.
You could at least turn on the light. I know you're depressed, but come on.
You must be hungry. I'm sorry. I didn't prepare dinner tonight.
I expected as much, so I bought us some dinner on the way home.
Let's eat.
Are these tears of joy?
I've always thought this. You always put yourself first,
but at the same time you're so caring to others.
Caring?
And what's this about me putting myself first?
On the other hand, look at me! I did nothing but think about myself!
It never occurred to me that you'd be coming home with an empty stomach!
You don't need to worry about that.
But friendship is about a relationship two people build for each other.
Why are you suddenly bringing up the obvious?
Let me at least make you some tea.
By the way, there's a letter for you from Natsuko.
Mom sent me a letter?
Bottom line, Natsuko has a knack for sensing these things.
The way she contacts you without fail when you're in a bind.
Because she is your mother.
Natsuko Komatsu Because she is your mother.
Natsuko Komatsu
If she asks me to come home now, I would be tempted to accept.
This registered letter came for you. Would you at least give them notice of your change of address?
Is that all? Where are my words of consolation?
What's the matter, Hachiko?! Are you all right?!
This won't do!
Scissors.
Where did I put them? Never mind. A paper-knife will do.
A paper-knife!
Don't do it! Shoji's not the only man in the world!
I know that! But more importantly, the tickets arrived!
- Huh? - Tickets to the Trapnest concert.
I bought two tickets. Wanna go?
Nana.
No matter how unbearable life may seem,
good things will happen as long as we're alive.
They're front row seats.
Gates Open 5:30 pm Performance 6:30 pm Reserved seating 5,250 yen (tax included) Floor 1, Central Aisle, Row 1, Seat 27 They're front row seats.
Gates Open 5:30 pm Performance 6:30 pm Reserved seating 5,250 yen (tax included) Floor 1, Central Aisle, Row 1, Seat 27
Now that I think back, during those days
it was as if luck had eluded me on a daily basis.
I never had much luck with the lottery either.
Those tickets were something God had set aside for Nana.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
