I realize I'm a dreamer by nature,
but never in my wildest dreams did I ever imagine meeting the girl again.
I only knew her name.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Huh?
Too bad! Someone beat us to it.
Would it be all right if I show this person the place too?
Huh? Sorry but that would be a problem.
This customer has pretty well decided on this place.
Nana!
That's you, right, Nana?! No way! What a coincidence!
Who are you?
Am I such a forgettable person?
Sorry, sorry.
Are you all right, Nana?
So you do remember.
I didn't recognize you at first.
You look different with these clothes and hairdo.
You don't have a fixed style, do you?
So, are you two friends?
- I wouldn't really say we're friends... - Yes, we are!
Anyway, you. Miss Osaki? What's your decision?
Are you renting the place?
I'm still thinking.
If you haven't made a decision yet,
can you please allow this young lady to see the place?
The kitchen's so cute!
The rooms are so big!
You're kidding! An old-fashioned bathtub with legs!
- I'll take it! - Is that so?
- Wait a minute! - Wait a minute!
I found this place first! You can't just decide like that!
I see. I'm sorry.
That's right. What are you thinking?
But you seemed to be having a problem making up your mind.
No, I've decided. I'll take it. Yokoi.
- Wait a minute! - I'm not waiting.
I'm tired of staying at crappy capsule hotels.
I just wanna hurry up and live any place that's available.
If any place will do, look elsewhere.
For me, it has to be this place!
What's wrong with you staying at your boyfriend's place?!
Did he dump you?
No!
But as things are now, it's only a matter of time!
Why? You were all lovey-dovey about him.
That's true, but let me tell you!
Now, come on. Rather than discussing nonsense,
what are you gonna do about renting this...
- Nonsense? - Nonsense?
How cruel! Here I am seriously suffering!
- Yokoi! - Yes!
For someone in the business of serving customers,
you've got no delicacy!
I-I'm sorry.
There's more to doing your job than just go through the motions!
Try to pursue the romance!
Now, now. Calm down, ladies.
Romance?
I have a suggestion.
Who is this carefree old man?
This is Mr. Ando from the real estate agency at the train station.
He's a 52-year veteran in this business.
You two seem to be special acquaintances.
Why don't the two of you share this place?
This place is designed with the dining room in the middle,
so with a room on opposite sides, you can maintain your privacy.
Yet you'll be there for each other when needed.
Flat-sharing can be very nice.
Plus, you'll only be paying half the rent and living expenses.
- Half the rent?! - Half the rent?!
- Half of 70,000 yen is......35,000 yen?
- That's cheap! - That's cheap!
Let's go for it, Nana!
- It's like a dream to be able to stay... - Then we'll have to split our fees, too.
at such a wonderful place for so cheap!
Sounds good,
but are you the kind of person who properly respects the privacy of others?
I will! For sure!
If privacy is an issue, you can put locks on your room doors.
I'll arrange for that right away.
Thank you, Mr. Ando!
You are such a nice person. Isn't he, Nana?
Miss Osaki, sure it'll be cheaper, but you really should think this through.
Sharing a flat with a stranger is nothing but annoying.
I don't agree.
You are a lonely man, aren't you, Yokoi?
Say, Mr. Ando, how soon can the locks be arranged?
If I made arrangements right away,
then it'll be done sometime tomorrow morning.
Then please. I'll be moving in tomorrow afternoon.
What about you?
Th-Then me too.
Then starting tomorrow, we're roommates, Nana-chan.
What in the world were you thinking?!
Why not? Sharing is cool!
Like the foreigners do!
You're so easily fooled by others!
I don't think it's a good idea
for you to move in with a complete stranger.
She's not a complete stranger.
I told you. We sat next to each other on the train.
Coincidences like this have got to be...
Stop talking about the Demon Lord!
What are you upset about, Jun-chan?
Does it make you sad
that I'm going to be living with another woman?
Well yeah, sure I'd love to live with you if I could,
but you've got Kyosuke.
I betcha she thinks she can do you in.
Do me in?
It's'cause you talk like that, that you attract that type of woman.
What are you saying, Jun-chan?
In addition, she might just as well be some serial murderer on the run.
That's impossible!
How can you be sure?!
Now if you're going to start living with this stranger,
you are aware that you might get yourself buried in cement
and sunk to the bottom of Tokyo Bay.
You're over-reacting!
Okay, I give up. I don't care what happens to you,
and if something does happen, don't come crying to me.
But I don't think Shoji's going to approve.
Have you told him yet?
No. Shoji's working today too, so I'll tell him when he gets home.
He surely wouldn't appreciate me showing up at work to tell him.
Hello? I'm in the middle of work, too.
Hey Jun-chan! This dress is really cute! Maybe I'll buy it.
I don't have any clothes to sell to loafers.
Jun-chan's so lucky she gets to work at such a classy boutique.
She's got a nice figure, kinda, and she's got it made with Kyosuke.
I better hurry up and find a job.
I guess Shoji's not home yet.
But he got off work hours ago.
Hello...
Your call is being forwarded to a voice messaging service.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Why isn't he picking up?
If he's going to be late, he could at least call.
Is he with another girl?!
No. Not Shoji. He could never!
But come to think of it, we lived apart for a whole year.
It might not be so unusual if another woman did show up in his life.
Tokyo Wife (Sexy Type) It might not be so unusual if another woman did show up in his life.
Tokyo Wife (Sexy Type)
Tokyo Wife (Sexy Type) While we were apart,
While we were apart,
he emailed me every day and he was busy studying,
so I didn't even consider the thought of him fooling around...
But, he is a member of the male population...
A guy can do it with a girl even if he has no feelings of love for her.
He did say something crude like that, before we started dating.
If that's how he really feels,
he might just think nothing of cheating on me.
Shoji...
Who do you like better, me or that country girl?
You, of course, Sachiko.
This is ridiculous! My imagination is running away on me.
Who the heck is Sachiko?!
I'm going to bed!!
Sachiko... Sachiko... Sachiko...
The name Sachiko means happy child.
This isn't good. I can't sleep.
So this is how hard it it to wait for a husband who doesn't come home.
Even though he's not my husband.
I wonder if this is how I was making Mr. Asano's wife feel.
Well, if that's the case, this is heaven's punishment!
The Demon Lord's curse!
Nana!
What are you doing there?
You're going to catch cold!
Shoji...
Look out!
What? But I sent you an email telling you I'd be late.
You liar! I didn't get any email!
How can you tell such an obvious lie?
- So you were with Sachiko... - That's funny...
See, look! It's in my outbox...
I sent it to Junko by mistake...
I'll be home late today. A friend at work has a fever, so I have to work the evening shift to cover for him! This sucks.
But I'll still have enough energy left to have sex with you when I get home. Ha ha ha Shoji
That idiot!
But I wonder why he doesn't just ask Nana to live with him?
It's nothing to wonder about.
He probably just wants her to become a bit more independent.
I couldn't agree more, but that's a pretty wild expectation.
I hear ya.
Well, Shoji's spending this year studying,
so he worries that much more about this relationship.
Worried? He isn't thinking about breaking up with her, is he?
No, the opposite. He wants to marry Nana.
Marry?! Is he outta his mind?! They're only twenty!
I don't think he wants to do it just yet.
If he's going to university for four years,
he won't be able to support Nana until after that.
So he was wondering whether or not
he should just quit studying for the entrance exam
and find a full time job.
Just make her wait.
It's silly to throw your life plans out the door for a woman.
Actually, I think so too.
But you know Nana.
Do you think she can wait for all those years
until Shoji's ready to support her?
Maybe not. Say a mature, liberal-minded rich guy shows up.
She'll be off with him in no time.
You think so too?
Of course.
If a guy like that shows up, I'd go with him too!
Yeah, I guess.
What makes you so carefree?!
Hey, why are we talking about me now?
What were you thinking?
You're so easily fooled by others!
I don't think it's a good idea
for you to move in with a complete stranger!
Shoji!
Jun-chan already said that. So say something else.
Is that so... Then, let's see...
Sorry.
Okay, I got it.
Let's live together, Nana.
If living alone makes you too nervous, you can stay here.
But...
N-Not enough space in this one little room?
Wanna go find another place?
No, not that. But you!
You wouldn't wanna live with me. You'll hate it.
I'm always wanting my own way, and I whine.
You think I don't know that?
I'm used to it, or rather, I've given up about that.
How dare you!
Just kidding. Let's do it, okay?
Shoji...
Thank you.
That makes me happy.
But I can't!
Those words were all I needed to hear.
You've chosen me over Sachiko.
Who the heck is Sachiko?
You're just too kind.
If we live together,
I'm going to rely on you too much all the time.
I don't want to be a burden anymore than I already am.
No, Nana.
Before you go and become a burden on a complete stranger,
let it be me!
But like, I'm twenty already! I wanna be a mature woman!
A classy woman the television viewers can idolize!
Please understand!
If at all possible, that's how I want you to be, too.
Anyway, if you're able to go and live on your own,
go for it.
Just don't go moving in with a total stranger.
Why not? Why doesn't anyone trust Nana?
It's not her that we don't trust.
It's your ability to judge people.
You know Nana, she's beautiful, has a small face,
she's thin, has a husky voice, she is sooo cool!
She could be a top star in a musical.
What's that supposed to mean?
You feel attracted to a person just by their looks?
You'd like her too, Shoji.
But what if you decide that you like her better than me?!
I couldn't go on living!
All right. Introduce her to me.
I'll go to the apartment with you tomorrow.
You promise you won't fall in love with her?
I promise. I've got my hands full with you and Sachiko.
Oh yeah, that's right. Sachiko is quite a wild woman.
You'll never make it.
So who the heck is Sachiko!
I was wondering what kind of an old rundown shack you were gonna show me,
but this is pretty nice.
Seventy thousand yen for this place is a good deal.
Maybe it's haunted.
What do you mean by that?!
Never mind that.
Why did you guys come here with us?
Why not?
Besides, I wanna get a look at that girl
who has the guts to live with Nana.
Courtesy call. We're representing the benefactors.
So, where's your room?
Room 707.
707?!
That's bad luck!
Demon Lord That's bad luck!
Since when have you guys become believers of the Demon Lord?
There's no answer. Maybe Nana's not here yet.
Do you have a key?
I haven't been given one yet.
Why not? You have a contract, right?
Yeah, but I needed a guarantor to sign and seal it,
so I asked my Dad.
I should get it tomorrow.
So you're not an official resident yet?
But I already paid the commission and stuff.
What the?!
Someone's pulling one over on you!
And who might you be?
W-Wrong door! I'm very sorry!
I don't believe it!
Cripes! How can you make such a mistake?
It's cold! Yasu, what is this place!
There's no hot water!
Maybe this is the right place!
What the hell?
Did you get the gas man to come and open the valve?
Open what?
Nana!
Nana! I've been waiting for you.
What took you so long?
Nana, get dressed.
Oh, is your boyfriend with you?
- Mhm, my friends are here too. - Hey, she might just be my type.
- Come on in. - That's nice.
Man, it's cold!
I'm going to catch cold!
What are you gonna do for me if I lose my beautiful voice?!
Please. So you are the other occupant.
Yes! Th-Th-Thank you for welcoming us in!
What's the hesitation? This is your place, too.
How do you do? My name is Junko Saotome.
I'm a friend of Nana Komatsu.
Who are you?
She's got guts.
Oh, pardon me for not introducing myself earlier.
I'm a friend of Nana Osaki, Yasushi Takagi by name.
I am also her acting benefactor.
Nice to meet you.
Yasushi Takagi Ishizuka Law Office
Law Firm?!
- A lawyer? - Really?
I'm still learning,
but if you're ever in trouble, feel free to give me a call.
Then why don't you do something about this, Yasu?
I'm in trouble because I have no hot water.
So you gotta call the gas company to get a guy over here to open up...
You call.
Yes ma'am. Let's see. The number...
Well then. Perhaps I'll make some tea.
Let me help.
Hey, do you have a kettle and cups and stuff?
- Nope. - You good for nothing!
I'm sorry!
You gotta wait for the gas guy to come
before you can use the burner anyway!
Oh, that's right.
You've gotta do that?
So did you call them?
The line was busy.
Also, fill this in and send it to the power company.
Your water bill will be debited from your bank account along with your rent,
so you don't have to worry about those.
Oh, and don't forget to register your new address with the City Hall.
Well Nana, I guess we'll be leaving, then.
Looks like we can trust this guy to look after things for you.
We can?
Well, hang in there, man.
Oh, are you leaving so soon?
The child doesn't know left from right,
but I hope you do befriend her.
The pleasure is ours.
Shoji, are you coming? You're working tonight, right?
Right. What should I do?
Don't worry about me, Shoji.
Nana is here too, so I'll be okay.
That's right.
Shoji, you... be a man and go earn some money.
Well, it may be all right.
That lawyer, Takagi, is taking care of the other Nana and our Nana too.
The two of them seem to be getting along just fine.
Like, both placing herself above all?
The other Nana seems even weirder than our Nana.
Stop repeating Nana and Nana so much.
I feel my troubles doubling.
Two times seven is fourteen. Seven squared is forty-nine.
- My troubles are gonna multiply. - As such...
Nana and I started living together on a positive note.
At least for me, that is.
Nana, the soonest the gas company people can make it here is tomorrow.
No way! Then we can't even heat this place until then?
You don't even have an air conditioner here.
No way!
If you're cold, put on something warm.
But I only brought my leather jacket.
I can't get comfortable in that.
Oh, do you want me to lend you something?
Really? Thanks. Thanks a lot.
When I first arrived in Tokyo,
I didn't know whether I'd be able to make it or not.
Could I get a job, would I be Shoji's girl forever?
I had a mountain of anxieties.
Your bag's all clothes. Are you a peddler?
What's your choice, ma'am?
But as strange as it seems,
I had absolutely no qualms about moving in with you, Nana.
It's hard to explain why. That's just how it was.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
