I do.
Nagato led us to the back of her apartment building.
Oh, they all seem used to people.
Black cat, black cat...
Oh well. Let's use this one.
And she's changed the set up again.
It's not black, but I guess we don't have a choice.
Okay, Yuki! This is your partner!
Be good friends!
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya V
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya V And so we started filming again.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya V It looks like it doesn't matter where we shoot.
It looks like it doesn't matter where we shoot.
Yuki! Attack Mikuru!
Take this...
Okay, cut! Nice!
We'll make that cat talk!
He's a witch's cat, after all.
So he should at least make one or two snide remarks, right?
How absurd.
Your name is Shamisen! Come on, Shamisen, say something!
There's no way he'd talk. Actually, please don't talk.
Wait, Shamisen!?
Hmm, pretty good.
Kyon, I'm going to leave that cat's care to you.
Take him home with you.
You have until tomorrow to teach him a trick or two.
Like jumping through a ring of fire!
Okay, we're done for today!
Tomorrow we'll be shooting the climax!
The filming's going smoothly! Everyone's healthy!
Rest well, everyone! And prepare yourselves for tomorrow!
Good work. I'll buy you a can of cat food in a bit.
Or would you prefer dried sardines?
I'm okay with either.
Hey now, was that you, Nagato? I was asking the cat.
That was my intention. That's why I answered.
Did I say something wrong?
What a surprise. He's a calico and he's male.
No, that's not why you should be surprised.
What a surprise.
For a cat to speak...
I don't understand why you're all surprised.
He's a bakeneko, or some kind of nekomata.
It's true that the sounds that are coming from me
might sound like human words to you.
If that's the case, then why are you trying to confirm
that I said what it sounds like I said?
Well, you know. It's because you're actually answering my questions.
But it might just be that the sounds that I'm making
just happen to mesh with what you're saying, right?
If that's the case, then that wouldn't make it a conversation,
even if it were between two humans.
Exactly.
Even if two people are acting like they're talking to one another,
no one can be sure if they're properly expressing how they feel.
Many people do say one thing even if they feel another way, after all.
Shut up, you.
Now that you mention it, that's true...
I'm sorry, but could you please be quiet, too?
The situation is pretty bad.
We've underestimated Miss Suzumiya yet again.
Umm... what do you mean?
There's a chance that the setting of Miss Suzumiya's movie
will become the everyday reality of the world.
If she thinks to herself, I'd like to shoot a scene of a giant meteor impact,
then it might become reality.
Then what can we do?
We have to prevent the erosion of our reality by her imagination.
Right now, she's unconsciously mixing up reality and fiction.
She is getting pretty carried away.
Miss Suzumiya's unusual abilities are coming out
through the filter of her movie making.
To prevent this, we need to make Miss Suzumiya understand
that this is simply fiction, and logically guide this film into something more stable.
And how are we supposed to rationalize a talking cat?
I'm not talking about rationalizing things.
If we did, we'd end up with a world setting where cats talk.
But that's not possible in our world.
Well, what about you guys?
Well, it's true that we exist thanks to Miss Suzumiya.
The same as that talking cat.
Can't we do something about this?
If this were a fantasy world, then we wouldn't need any explanations.
But the moment we show proof of a talking cat or a Mikuru Beam,
then our world will change.
The world will have to change from one where there are no supernatural phenomena
to one that is aware of them.
Okay, then what do we do?
We just have to put an ending on the movie that Miss Suzumiya will accept.
Does that even exist?
It does.
It's an incredibly simple ending that can take any events that make no sense
and make them all reasonable in a second.
Spit it out.
It was all a dream.
I wasn't joking.
Do you think you'll be able to convince Haruhi to do that?
It might be difficult.
But in this case, mentioning that everything in the movie is a dream,
a lie, or a misunderstanding is the best way to resolve it all.
That's probably true for you...
I might think that's the best way, too. But what about Haruhi?
Okay, don't say a single word in the house.
Act like a cat, got it?
I don't know what like a cat means, but I'll do as you ask.
Don't talk. Make all of your answers meow.
Meow.
Cat cat cat!
Meow.
There we go.
All right, see you later.
As you wish.
Only a few days remained until the school festival.
It felt as if a chaotic atmosphere was steadily spreading
throughout the school, connecting everyone to Haruhi's excitement.
We have to find the legendary Crystal Crescent Orb, and quickly!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
It's like it wouldn't be strange at all
if a couple people from another world got mixed up in all of this.
Kyon!
Mikuru says she has something she wants to talk to you about!
Go on, Mikuru, give that to him!
Oh, this... umm... it's a c-c-coupon!
Yakisoba Cafe Acorn Discount coupon Oh, this... umm... it's a c-c-coupon!
It's for the yakisoba cafe our class is doing!
Thank you very much.
Please bring some friends with you.
That's all! See ya!
- Kyon... - What's up?
Well, if I say this, it will look like Koizumi is one of those...
And... I don't like it, but...
Uh-huh.
I, you see... I have a different way of thinking...
In other words... it's a different interpretation from Koizumi's.
Are you talking about the whole Haruhi is God thing?
There's no mistaking that Miss Suzumiya has the power to change the present.
But I don't think it's the power to change how the world works.
The world has always been like this.
I see... this is completely opposite of what Koizumi says.
I think that Miss Nagato probably thinks differently, too.
Umm... this might give you a bad impression of him, but...
If I said... you shouldn't trust Koizumi... it might be misleading, but...
Umm, I'm sorry... I'm no good at explaining things,
and I'm under certain restrictions, so I... But l...!
I understand. There's no way Haruhi could be God.
Your explanation is easier to understand than Koizumi's, Miss Asahina.
Thank you...
But please understand. I don't have anything against Koizumi himself.
Sure.
Literature Club
This is what is believed to be Mikuru Asahina's assertions.
Haruhi Suzumiya is not the one who created the world,
but that this world has always been this way.
Psychic powers and time travel,
extraterrestrial life forms and other supernatural beings have always existed.
Haruhi Suzumiya's role is to unconsciously discover them,
and that this ability manifested three years ago.
However, while she can find the unusual, she can never realize it.
Because there exists something to interfere with her making those realizations.
And that is us.
So Miss Asahina has a different reason from Koizumi
for not wanting Haruhi to discover anything mysterious?
Yes. She came to this era to protect the future that she is from.
It almost feels like she's revealing vital information like it's no big deal.
Itsuki Koizumi and Mikuru Asahina will never agree with each other's interpretations.
To them, the other's theory can only serve to disrupt the basis of their own existence.
Hold on. Koizumi said that he didn't have his esper powers until three years ago.
There is no proof anywhere that what Itsuki Koizumi says is true.
It's true. There's no proof...
Koizumi's theory just attaches an acceptable explanation
to some events that have involved me.
Who knows if that's correct?
And Miss Asahina's theory is the same.
Who can guarantee that the Asahina version is correct?
What do you think? Which one is right?
What about the possibility of autonomous self-determination you mentioned?
No matter which truth I present,
there is no way for you to obtain any proof.
Why not!?
Because there is no proof anywhere that I'm speaking the truth.
Not to you...
I don't know. Who would, normally?
Koizumi, Nagato, please give me an easier to understand explanation.
- I won't give you the orb! - Come back here! Koizumi, Nagato, please give me an easier to understand explanation.
The only one who thought the filming was going well was Haruhi.
Because of this, the grim looks on the faces of Koizumi,
Miss Asahina and myself had awfully dark shadows.
At some point, the model guns started firing
water-hammer rounds instead of BBs.
Haruhi brought Miss Asahina contacts of other different colors,
and she started firing off other dangerous things.
And every time, she was bitten by Nagato.
Just as the cherry trees were starting to blossom,
a few days later they had all fallen off.
The white pigeons at the shrine
had turned into passenger pigeons, which have long since been extinct.
And it looks like the progression of the seasons is a little bit off.
The current highs for Nikkei futures have risen to 9360 yen,
with a low of around 9250... Kyon, your friend's here!
Yo.
The details and foreshadowing don't matter to Miss Suzumiya.
She probably hasn't thought of an ending, either.
It might end incomplete.
That would be a problem, right?
Our theory is that it would be problematic if the world became more like fiction.
To tell the truth, my agency and Miss Asahina's group
aren't the only ones whose theories center around Miss Suzumiya.
There are a lot of them.
There have been enough conflicts and bloody exterminations
for me to want to explain it all in digest format.
Alliances and betrayals, interference and sneak attacks,
destruction and mass murder.
Each group has brought forth all of their strength in an attempt to survive.
Well, this has nothing to do with you. Or Miss Suzumiya.
And I would prefer that Miss Suzumiya never found out about any of this.
I don't want to do anything that will cloud her mind.
My criterion is that Miss Suzumiya has a character that should be loved.
Oh, you do too, of course.
Why are you telling me this?
I just blurted it out. There's no reason.
After all, it's just nonsense.
That's true. It's not amusing at all.
There's one more bit of nonsense.
Have you ever wondered why Miss Asahina has joined us?
Her job is to get you on her side.
The only one that can get Miss Suzumiya to listen to them at all is you, after all.
Being able to get a grip on you would be perfect.
Her young appearance,
her submissively obeying Miss Suzumiya's unreasonable demands,
and her pitiful demeanor.
It's all to get you to focus on her.
I'm tired of you and your jokes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It looks like I lack the ability to keep a joke going.
I'm lying. Did you take that seriously?
Between Miss Suzumiya's movie and my class's play,
I'm under a lot of pressure.
If a closed space opened up in addition to all that,
I'm pretty sure that I would collapse.
Which is why I came to make a request of you.
Please, can you do something to stop Miss Suzumiya's movie
from being the source of all of the strange phenomena?
Make Haruhi realize that her movie is nothing but nonsense?
Was that it?
As long as she clearly understands that.
And if possible, before we finish filming.
I'm counting on you.
What the heck is up with him?
Did he come just to push the responsibility onto me?
But still...
I guess I can't just let it be.
God, this is annoying.
A movie is a movie, and reality is reality.
They're two different things.
That's so obvious, so why in the world do I have to convince her of that?
Koizumi said to make it all just a dream, but what else is there...
The next day, I went to Haruhi with a single suggestion,
and after a lot of discussion, I got her to understand.
Okay, then!
Good work, everyone! With this, we're finished filming!
You all did your best!
Let's meet up in the clubroom first thing tomorrow morning
and preview the movie!
Mikuru, it's too soon to cry!
Save those tears for when you get a Palme d'Or or an Oscar!
Let's all be happy together!
Mikuru and Yuki's last battle suddenly awakens Itsuki Koizumi's powers
and this hard to understand, deus ex machina power
knocks Yuki to the far reaches of the universe.
With this, the curtain closes on our story. Wait, it's closing!?
So it's finally over.
Okay, Mikuru, come here! You know, it feels like it all ended in an instant.
Miss Suzumiya, aren't we done? You know, it feels like it all ended in an instant.
Miss Suzumiya, aren't we done? They say time flies when you're having fun...
They say time flies when you're having fun...
Though I wonder who was the one having fun here.
Who knows?
Can I leave the rest to you?
My head is packed with the things I need for my class's play.
Unlike a movie, I don't get a retake if I mess up a line.
Oh, one more thing.
We're grateful to you. Both the agency, and me personally.
Okay, shout it loud!
We're aiming for a Hollywood blockbuster!
We'll get the golden bear and the golden lion awards!
That's it! Now, Mikuru, point at the future!
Oh brother.
To be honest, up until the end I didn't have a pixel's worth of understanding
of what Haruhi was trying to film.
It's probably obvious, but no matter where we searched,
we didn't have the time to put in the visual effects, or the technology for that matter.
And so Haruhi complained.
We can't show off an unfinished film like this!
Do something about it!
The school festival is tomorrow. I'm at my limit.
If you stay up all night, you'll make it, right?
You can just stay here overnight.
And I'll help, too.
They'll know that those are BBs! In the end, Haruhi was of no help whatsoever.
In the end, Haruhi was of no help whatsoever.
To be fair, I fell asleep, too.
Kyon! Hey, wake up!
So, how did it turn out?
There was no point to staying overnight. The movie is still unfinished.
It's not bad. It's not quite all there, but for you, it's pretty good.
It wasn't me. Someone else did it.
Best odds, Nagato. Next best, Koizumi. Miss Asahina, unlikely.
And the long shot would be someone who has yet to appear.
Mikuru, you have to fight back! And the long shot would be someone who has yet to appear.
Good morning. How did it turn out?
Good morning...
Good morning! It's done, of course!
Our feature-length spectacle built on our blood, sweat, and tears!
Oh, is that so?
That's wonderful.
Let's all watch it together!
Audio/Visual Room
Audio/Visual Room Mikuru, you were great!
You'll completely capture the hearts of the whole audience with this!
It's perfect, Mikuru!
The school festival started, and there was nothing more for me to do.
The changes to reality that we feared seemed to come to a stop.
I knew this when Shamisen stopped talking.
Speaking of stopping, I stopped seeing those strangely dressed guys
that I had seen a lot in the days before the school festival.
There weren't any plays in the festival that they might have been in,
so I wonder who they were.
North High Fest
Screening in progress
Screening in progress The movie ended with Haruhi doing some narration.
The movie ended with Haruhi doing some narration.
I convinced her to close the movie with a director's speech
This story is fictional. I convinced her to close the movie with a director's speech
This story is fictional. By telling her it was important to mention that it was all in fun.
Characters, organizations, incidents... by telling her it was important to mention that it was all in fun.
Characters, organizations, incidents... Those were the magic words that canceled out everything.
As well as all other proper names, and events are not real.
It's all a lie.
Even if there's a resemblance, it's coincidence.
Oh, not the ads.
Support Ohmori Electronics and Yamatsuchi Model Shop. Buy lots.
Say it again?
This story is fictional.
Characters, organizations, incidents...
Hey, Kyon, why do I have to say that?
Kitaguchi Station-front Park
If there's one thing that bothers Haruhi in spite of her devil-may-care attitude,
it's that the world is the world is too normal.
As for what she considers to be not normal, it would be the supernatural.
She expresses this by saying things like,
Why haven't I seen even a single ghost? What's up with that?
I've got something important to tell you, so listen closely.
What is it?
You want there to be aliens, future people,
and people with esper powers, right?
Well, yeah. What about it?
There actually are aliens, future people, and espers,
closer than you could ever imagine.
Really, and who would they be?
Don't tell me that you mean Yuki or Mikuru or Koizumi.
They wouldn't count as closer than I could imagine.
Umm, actually... That was what I was going to say.
Are you stupid? There's no way it would be that easy.
Well, if you think about it, that's true.
Okay, so who's what?
Listen and rejoice. Yuki Nagato is an alien.
The Information something-or-other Entity?
She's an agent for something like that.
Oh yeah! Humanoid interface! That's what it was!
What about Mikuru?
Miss Asahina is pretty simple to explain. She's a future person.
She came from the future, so she's a future person.
How far in the future did she come from?
I don't know. She wouldn't tell me.
Aha, I get it.
So you understand now?
Which means that Koizumi is an esper? That's what you're going to say, right?
Yes! That's exactly what I was going to say!
Don't screw around with me!
Why is this crazy woman so realistic about the weirdest things?
If she would just believe me, everything would be so much easier.
T-Thank you very much!
Then again, if Haruhi just knew about all of the phenomena around her,
I don't know what would happen to the world.
Oh brother.
