I didn't have the energy to come up with excuses
like the bed was too small or that I forgot my wallet.
When I was unbearably lonely,
it wasn't Ren...
who I wanted to have by my side.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
Wow!
What a great vocalist!
Where'd you find her?
She's Ren's girl, isn't she?
Yeah. But before that, she was Nobu's classmate, and...
She's great!
She's got the looks, and a great voice. She is so cool.
I really think you've got a chance.
I finally understand what made you decide to go pro, Yasu.
You had this secret weapon.
Well, I'm not so confident we'll make it that big, but...
Well, depending on how it's done,
Nana's got potential to be a great solo artist.
Are you at all serious about doing this?
Who could it be this late at night? Reira? A new scandal uncovered?!
Maybe it's a neighbor complaining about the noise.
Huh? Isn't this place soundproof?
What's the point of having your drums here then.
Hello. I'm sorry for making all this noise.
Yasu,.,
Who is it?!
What's the matter?
Yasu, I'll be going home.
Yeah. Sorry.
No, it's okay.
Thanks for your time.
NAOKI GREAT SCOOP!
NAOKI GREAT SCOOP! Great Scoop!
NAOKI GREAT SCOOP!
REN's WOMAN CAME To YASU'S PLACE CRYING! WHAT'S GOING ON? KYAAA! A PAPA-RAKKYO!!
REN'S WOMAN CAME TO YASU'S PLACE CRYING! WHAT'S GOING ON? KYAAA! A PAPA-RAKKYO!! Ren's woman came to Yasu's place crying!
REN'S WOMAN CAME TO YASU'S PLACE CRYING! WHAT'S GOING ON? KYAAA! A PAPA-RAKKYO!!
REN'S WOMAN CAME TO YASU'S PLACE CRYING! WHAT'S GOING ON? KYAAA! A PAPA-RAKKYO!! What's going on? Kyaaa A papa-rakkyo!!
Takumi got Hachi pregnant! It's gotta be Takumi's kid!
Hachi said he would do it without a condom!
What?! Doing it without any protection is inexcusable!
DIZZY
DIZZY She's being a tattletale.
It's open.
Nana, are you asleep?
Nana...
I'm coming in.
Nana!
Don't scare me like that, damn it!
I told you, I'm a sensitive man.
And where's Nobu?
HACHIKO NOBUO
Do you love him that much?
Didn't you break up with him?
Please make up an excuse.
I don't care if it's a lie. I'll believe you.
Who could it be at this hour?
I can only think of two insolent people
who would come by someone's place in the middle of the night unannounced.
Yeah. I wonder which one it is.
Yes? Which one is it?
WHICH ONE? Yes? Which one is it?
WHICH ONE?
Jun-chan.
I was suffering so badly...
I could barely breathe.
Before I knew it, I was here.
I poured my entire heart out, but I'm not sure
whether or not I was able to explain myself well enough.
Why do I want Hachi so much?
Why do I hate Takumi so much?
I don't even know myself.
Nobu said that I'm strange.
Am I strange?
What's a friend supposed to do at a time like this?
I want to become...
normal friends with Hachi.
Yasu listened to everything I said without saying a word.
He might've said something to comfort me from time to time.
To be honest, I don't remember.
But I remember...
for some reason,
being enveloped by the sweet smell of Black Stone calmed me down.
Kyosuke, don't smoke!
Oh, right. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Kyosuke.
No, it's okay. I mean, guys are pathetic.
We don't know what to do at a time like this.
How come you're nervous?!
Well, you're right, but it makes me feel bad.
On the other hand... Takumi, was it?
From what I hear from you,
he seems to be almost too manly and decisive about this.
I'm impressed.
Really? To me, he just sounds like some coercive guy thinking only of himself!
You think so?
Think about it.
He used Nana's cell phone to call Nobu out of the blue
and talk to him about this.
It's natural for Nobu to be overly suspicious of Nana and quail.
He's trying to take away Nobu's will to fight for Nana
and encourage him to withdraw.
On top of that, he locked himself in Nana's room so she couldn't interfere.
If he was really thinking of Nana, he wouldn't have taken such actions.
He's the type of person who would
manipulate others without thinking twice about it if it's for his own good.
If he really planned all that on the spur of the moment,
he's an extremely clever guy.
In a way, I'm impressed.
I'm pretty sure Takumi didn't give it that much thought.
It's because I told him that Nobu's my boyfriend,
so he simply did it outta jealousy.
Oh, isn't that nice.
It's just that he has a lot of pride.
You call that pride?
Huh?
If those are his true feelings,
then he's as immature as a kid whose toy's been taken away.
- You may be right. - Really?
SCALE - You may be right. - Really?
Oh well, in any case, he's gotta be pretty serious about this
to say he'll be the child's guardian.
If he was a classmate of Yasu, then that would make him 23 or 24, right?
Is he financially sound? What does he do?
He's a musician.
Is that not a concern?! Does he make any money?!
Why are you keeping quiet?
Well, if he said he'll be the guardian without hesitation,
he's gotta be somewhat financially sound.
I actually don't like the way he used the word guardian.
That's almost like saying, I'll pay child support.
But I think that's what he meant.
Huh?
What the hell?! Why won't he marry you?!
Does he have a wife and kids? Is this another extramarital affair?
No. But getting married would be a great burden to him.
I couldn't impose on him like that.
I don't get you! Are you okay with that?!
That's good enough for me.
So you wanna have this baby that much?
At first, I hoped that it was just my imagination.
I was escaping from myself, trying not to think about it.
But there were signs,
so I became more and more anxious.
So when the test showed positive,
it scared me because it was like I no longer had anywhere to escape.
I thought, if I really am pregnant,
I should get an abortion right away.
I could keep the abortion a secret from everyone,
and continue on with my life... as if nothing had happened.
But then at the hospital,
I realized that there was, in fact, a child living inside me.
It was like reality suddenly struck me.
OBSTETRICS AND GYNECOLOGY NAKAZATO CLINIC
OBSTETRICS AND GYNECOLOGY NAKAZATO CLINIC I thought to myself that
OBSTETRICS AND GYNECOLOGY NAKAZATO CLINIC I would never wanna have an abortion and pretend nothing happened.
I no longer had a sense of fear or anxiety.
All I could think about then was that I had to pull myself together.
I don't know how to say it, but...
like, I felt that I'm the only one who can protect the life of the child inside me.
I thought about the possibility of giving birth
and raising the child on my own.
But I don't have any money.
In addition, I can't work because my morning sickness is so bad.
I was at a complete loss,
thinking that there's no way I'm gonna make it.
So when Takumi said what he did to me,
it surprised me, but it made me really happy.
Maybe I shouldn't be relying on him, but...
No, there's nothing wrong with that. It's most likely his child, right?
Nobu was using protection at all times, right?
So chances of the child being his are low.
It's a horrible situation, isn't it?
Nobu always used protection.
And he treated me like I was so precious.
But I'm trampling all over that
and am running to Takumi to have the baby.
Can someone so selfish be forgiven?
Well, Nobu may never forgive you.
Given the circumstances, it appears that he believes
you were dating them both at the same time.
No, I think she needs to resolve this misunderstanding.
But how? There's no proof.
I don't think he'll believe her explanations.
What I'm saying is, from Nobu's perspective,
he probably wanted her to explain things just to show that she cares.
That could even light a flame to his fighting spirit,
and he'll say, I'll take care of everything.
For Nobu's sake, he may be better off not having such a flame lit.
Because you can't raise a kid on love alone.
He'd no longer be in a position to dream about his band succeeding.
He might hafta give up his dream and take over his family inn.
I'll do everything I can to make you happy.
It's one thing if the child were his without a doubt.
He's only twenty, right?
It would be too cruel to have his future decided in this way.
And that's why you felt it's not right to rely on Nobu, right, Nana?
I guess it's not something you could say to him.
Nana, you really are seriously in love with Nobu.
She's Nobu's girlfriend, but she's also a follower of BLAST.
The success of the guru and her group is her dream as well.
Life doesn't always go as planned, does it?
Maybe there really is a Demon Lord.
What are you saying?!
It's Nana's fault for not insisting on protection!
And also for doing it with Nobu right after without any decent break in between!
Your tendency to get carried away in your foolish actions
has finally caught up with you!
Do you understand that?!
This is not the time to be lecturing her.
This is about the only time Nana will listen to me!
DON'T SPOIL HER! This is about the only time Nana will listen to me!
Do you really understand that you can't have a normal happy family
with a guy who won't marry you?
Uh-huh.
Then you'd better be faithful to that man for the rest of your life.
You are prepared to properly break up with Nobu and give him up, are you?
I want to hear your answer!
Yes!
Even if the child is Nobu's,
you will have no problem raising the child as Takumi's, will you?
Keep in mind that even if Takumi becomes the child's guardian,
whether he'll love the child or not is a different issue.
Yes.
Okay. If you wanna have it that bad,
I won't stop you.
As long as you never forget that determination you have.
Yes.
Now that you've made that commitment,
I don't wanna ever see you crying over this.
I pity a kid who has to put up with such a gloomy mother.
Try to be like your own mother.
Bye. I'm really grateful for everything, Jun-chan, Kyosuke.
I feel much better now that I had you hear what I had to say.
I'll be in touch.
At the least, take good care of your body.
Stay well.
Mhm.
I wonder if she really plans to have it.
It not only affects the rest of Nana's life,
this is also about the life of a child.
I'm so worried I'm getting a stomachache.
But Nana came to that decision herself,
so we really don't have the right to interfere with that decision.
The best we can do now is just to support her.
I guess you're right.
Nana's dream was to become a normal housewife.
If she had an abortion and things went well with Nobu,
her dream might have come true in the near future.
But she's sacrificing that to have this baby.
She must be really determined.
But as her father, I would've loved to see Nana in a wedding dress.
Father, you say?
FATHER Father, you say?
Why won't Takumi take Nana as his wife?
Probably because Nana's harder to take care of than the child.
I see.
Huh? My keys...
Nana!
Oops, I fell asleep.
Where did you go leaving the door unlocked?
I was worried.
Did you talk things over with Nobu?
Ah, yes.
Sorry. I thought you had gone home.
I went shopping. Want some grapefruit juice?
Damn! I should've put it in the fridge.
Yasu, you mind if I have one?
Go ahead.
Smoking's so tough to quit.
It's unlike me to try and be stoic about it.
It's stressing me out in other areas.
That's right. There's not much meaning for you to quit smoking,
so don't force yourself.
Isn't it more proper for you to tell me to quit
because it's bad for my health?
I can't tell someone to do anything I can't do myself.
Does it taste good?
It's terrible.
I should be heading back. The first train will be running shortly.
Huh?
Sorry for intruding when Naoki was here.
Are you dating him?
No.
Somehow I think he got the wrong idea,
but tell him I said hi.
Are you all right, Nana?
Huh? What about?
You idiot! I'm not that broken.
Don't worry. I'll be fine.
I don't really know what a normal friendship is, but...
No matter what Hachi decides to do,
I won't get in the way and I'll gently watch over her.
Exactly like you're doing with me.
It's not as easy as it sounds.
I'm sorry, Yasu. Thank you.
Don't worry. Everything will be fine.
Because Hachi and I are both women.
But maybe that's why it's so difficult.
I begin recording today.
I'm sorry.
No, it's okay. We start in the afternoon.
But we'll be confined to the studio for at least a week.
So before I go, could you let me know what you decided?
As things are, I'd feel so restless
I wouldn't be able to keep my mind on work.
Sorry for being so pushy.
I wanna have this child and raise it as your child, Takumi.
If it's okay with you.
Wanna get married?
Huh?
You don't wanna raise it as an illegitimate child, do you?
If the public finds out, it'll look bad no matter how we spin it.
But if we get married, there shouldn't be a problem.
Besides, if I marry an ordinary girl
the media won't go too crazy over this.
No?
No matter what path in life you take with who,
as long as you're happy, then that's fine with me.
I may never become a person
who can wish for that from the bottom of my heart...
But I wanted to appear strong and graceful in your eyes.
Like a manga heroine, who's too perfect to be real.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
