Congratulations, Louise FranCoise.
I really am unworthy of such an honorary title as Chevalier.
You all achieved something that deserves that title.
Capturing the thief that had the entire Palace up in arms...
I thank you as well, trustworthy familiar.
Oh, no...
I trust that you will continue to take good care of my dear friend.
You should not, Princess!
To allow your hand to such a familiar...
To protect you is equal to swearing loyalty to me.
There must be something in return for such an oath of loyalty.
A hand? So I'm being treated like a dog after all?
That's not it.
To put it bluntly, you can kiss her.
Ki...
I can't be that fearless!
Hurry up. You're being rude.
Then, excuse me.
Huh?
What did you just do to the Royal Highness?!
You dog!
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
The sky where two moons never fade away
That's an impossibility, right?
This is the first time I've felt anything like this
I'm feeling more and more at ease with this place
Even if you trip and become depressed
I will always hold you tight with a squeeze
The story where we met that day stays hot with a sweet kiss
See, you can cast magic, and the wishes will surely come true
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
Louise's Part-time Job
I am terribly sorry about this!
Hey!
Hurry up and apologize!
I'm sorry.
But you said I could kiss her.
What idiot out there would kiss her lips?!
Right here.
It is all right...
A reward is necessary for an oath of loyalty.
Actually, I have a favor to ask of you.
Please, go ahead and ask anything of us.
If you tell us to die, I will immediately
throw myself out of the window, and take this stupid dog with me!
Wait, hold on! What are...
Be silent!
I would like you two to live in the village for a while.
In the village?
Thank you!
So dull...
But you're the one that said we needed
to buy new clothes to dress up as peasants.
But don't you think we can get some clothes that are more decent?
Come on, do you really get what we're supposed to be doing?
Of course I do!
This is a warrant published by the Palace.
You want us to do some spying in the village?
Lately, I often hear rumors of nobles oppressing the peasants.
When I asked those in the area,
all of them said that such a thing would never happen,
as the nobles were good role models for the peasants.
However, seeing the case between you two and Count Mott,
I cannot discount them as simple rumors.
Therefore, I would like you
to investigate the goings-on in the village in secret.
It will be a very difficult job.
Well understood, Princess!
I will make sure to get this job done, as if my life depended on it!
Now I'm worried about what's going to happen.
Next up is a horse.
A horse?!
Really... A horse costs 400 equs?
One horse uses up all the money we were given!
200 equs?!
Our inn is top-class, one where even nobles can spend the night.
We don't have nearly enough money.
You can look for a cheaper inn, can't you?
No way. I can't sleep in a cheap room!
So this job was impossible for a girl of noble birth after all.
Fine, I'll make do by myself somehow!
Make do? What are you going to do?
Don't follow me!
Hey!
You blew it all at the casino?!
But they said I'd end up with more for sure.
That's why I can't leave you alone.
Be quiet!
I'm thinking about what we should do from here.
No choice but to bow down to the Princess and get some more, right?
This task is one that the Princess asked as a personal favor.
I'm sure she had lots of trouble coming up with the money.
You knew that, yet you wanted a horse,
and just had to sleep in an expensive inn...
I'm amazed you could want so much.
Because I need them.
I'm hungry.
Finding somewhere to sleep comes before food.
Tres bien!
Such a beautiful face!
From the looks of it, you seem to be in some sort of trouble.
Bonjour! Bon!
As you can obviously see, I am nobody suspicious at all.
No, better to say you are, from the looks of it.
I am Scarron. I run a tavern just up ahead!
A tavern?
Yes! A tavern!
Would you like me to furnish you two with one of our rooms?
Really?
Saito!
H-o-w-e-v-e-r, on one condition.
Understood, my fairies?
Yes, Manager Scarron!
Not like that!
When we're in the shoppe, I've told you to call me Mi Madmoiselle!
Yes, mi madmoiselle!
Tres bien!
Such ecstasy!
Now, good news to all fairies!
We have someone new joining us here
at the Enchanting Fairy Tavern today!
Louise, come on in!
Louise is a poor little girl who ran away
with her older brother right before her father
sold her off to pay for his gambling debt!
Oh, my!
Poor thing!
I'm Louise.
Nice to meet you.
Now, applause!
Oh, man...
She looks pretty upset.
Hey, new guy, come help clean the dishes!
We're about to open!
Sure, right away!
You have a very cute younger sister.
Thanks.
What?
Nothing. I'm Jessica. You are?
I'm Saito.
Saito? That's an unusual name.
I get that a lot.
Nice to meet you, Saito.
Ask me if you have anything you want to know about this place.
Nice to meet you!
That stupid dog...
Now, everyone...
Now that I've introduced our new girl,
I'm pleased to announce that this week is the long-awaited tip race!
Tip race?
The fairy who earns the biggest tip total gets a special bonus.
And, ta-dah!
You will have the right for one day to wear the family heirloom
that is our namesake, the Enchanting Fairy Bustier!
So wonderful, mi madmoiselle!
Tres bien!
This bustier is enchanted with magic that charms people,
so the day you wear this, you can earn without limit!
Earning without limits?!
The girl who won the race last year earned so much,
she went back to her hometown!
So all of you, do your best,
in hopes of being able to wear this bustier!
Yes, sir!
You too, new girl!
Sure!
This is my chance!
I've brought you what you ordered.
What are you doing, girl?
Hurry up and pour it.
Serving a peasant... Me, a noble?
What are you dong? Hurry up with it.
This is a mission. This is a mission.
Then, I would like to serve you now...
What are you doing?!
I'm sorry...
You're a cutie.
It's a shame that you don't got much boobs!
Then, to make up for it, I want you to serve me mouth-to-mouth.
What was that for, you brat?!
You filthy scum!
How dare you do this to a Duke's...
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
She's a new girl, so she's not used to this yet.
Louise, bring a new washcloth.
Okay!
In her place, I'll provide you with very special service!
Hold on, stop it... No!
You've got to be kidding!
Why do I, a daughter of a Duke, have to deal with such a...
Calm down...
For now, we've secured a place to sleep and some food,
and on top of that we can make some money.
A place to sleep? Where?
You mean this attic that looks more like a closet?
He said that a lot of his customers were nobles.
So we're killing three birds with one stone, right?
You're well off.
You seem to be having fun with that girl.
Girl?
Nothing.
But you're going to make a noble like me sleep in a place like this?
If you don't want to sleep, you can do whatever you please.
There were too many things going on today, so I'm tired.
How can you adapt to things so quickly?!
Well, that's the only good trait I have.
Besides, it's not much different from how I'm usually treated.
Geez! His master is forced to wear something like that,
and he feels nothing of it?
At the least, he could...
Why do I...
What, she's just a kid!
I thought this place promised sexy girls...
You're very pretty!
Coquettish girls like you are my type.
Especially those really flat...
You're Mr. Scarron's daughter?!
Oh no, you broke another one.
That's right. I'm in charge of what goes on in the tavern.
To think someone like this can be born into this world from such...
Louise, you just sit here and watch how the other girls do it.
I'm sorry.
Why do I have to dress up in this embarrassing outfit
and sell favors to these people?
And on top of it, they keep saying I'm so small and flat.
Oh, really? Mr. Scarron did?
Yeah! He seems to like you an awful lot.
He said you were his type!
Breasts!
He's after breasts like the others!
Ouch...
Huh?
Are you all right?
You passed out when a flying bottle of wine hit your head.
Bottle? Why would a bottle...
Hey, Louise isn't your sister, is she?
What's this all of a sudden?
I can tell just looking at you two.
But it's not like you guys are dating each other, either.
You know, Jessica, you're mistaken...
And Louise... She's a noble, isn't she?
What... What are you talking about?
There's no way that such a violent, inelegant girl would be a noble.
Just as I thought.
She didn't even know how to carry a plate in the beginning, right?
That unusual amount of pride in herself, and her behavior...
She's got to be a noble.
So you're her servant or something?
I'm no servant.
It's better you keep yourself out of this.
What's that? You're crossing some dangerous bridge or something?
That sounds like fun!
I love stories like that!
Come on, tell me.
I won't tell anyone else about it.
Well, you say that, but...
In exchange, I'll teach you all sorts of stuff!
Um... Teach what?!
Don't ask the obvious!
Um...
What are you doing?
Gathering information!
Did you know that she's the owner's daughter?
So I was asking about the customers that come and go...
What information have you been gathering?!
You really are a stupid dog!
Hold on, Louise.
What?!
What about your work?
Shut up!
I'll go back as soon as I train this stupid dog... stupid brother.
Do you have that much free time?
You can't even get any tips worth a damn.
Oh well, I guess you can't help it, with such a meager...
What is it?!
Just because I don't have big breasts, people call me a brat, a water flea...
No... Nobody said water flea...
Just you watch! If I put my mind to it, I'm really amazing!
Is that so?
That means that you'll win the tip race we're having for sure, right?
Of course I will!
Today is the last day,
but at this rate, not only will I miss first place...
Ahem!
My, my, if it isn't Lord Chelenne.
It is nice of you to come all the way out here.
It looks like you have been quite prosperous.
Oh, no, today is just coincidence.
Usually, we're so empty, you'd be able to hear a cuckoo cry.
Enough with the excuses! I have come here today as a customer.
Unfortunately, all the seats are taken right now.
It doesn't seem that way to me.
I guess you were right when you said the place was really empty!
Come on, is there no one to serve the Royal Queen's levy collector?!
Who's that?
That's Chelenne, the guy in charge of collecting the levy around here.
If we stand up against him, he puts a huge levy on us,
Come now! Hurry up! So no one running a business can stand up against him.
So no one running a business can stand up against him.
He fondles as much as he wants, but doesn't pay any tips at all.
No girl that works here would serve him.
Someone's going up to him.
He's a rich-looking noble. This is my chance!
Louise!
That idiot...
You are a charming man, sir.
Does this place employ men now?
Men?
Upon a closer look, it's just a girl with really small breasts.
They're so flat that I thought you were a man!
Now, let me take a closer look at exactly how small they are!
Don't mess with me!
Non!
What?! Damn you!
Such insolence!
You are a mere peasant! How dare you...
Please forgive her. She just started working here.
Shut up! How dare you?!
Saito!
Knock it off, pops.
How dare you kick the face of a noble...
So what if you're noble?
What was that?!
The only one that is allowed to touch Louise is me!
Capture these two!
I'll have them hung!
Who's going to capture who?
You'll be surprised when I tell you!
I was the one that got the infamous thief...
It's in the attic!
Capture him and that washboard-breast girl!
Hold on just a second! Capture him and that washboard-breast girl!
Washboard is a bit much, don't you think?!
Louise, where did that wand...
Don't put me in the same boat as you.
I had tied it to my thigh in case of an emergency.
I went to the trouble of serving you...
Why do I have to be insulted so?!
Are you a noble?
I have no name to give to a lowly official like you.
Before you regret it, just shut up and get out of here!
Are you a fallen noble that is hiding her identity?
Who do you think I am...
Who are you calling a fallen noble?
A writ from the Palace?
Please, please forget what just happened. I'll offer this.
Please, I beg you!
Forget everything you've seen and heard here today. Understood?
Yes! In the name of the Royal Highness and our Founder,
I will not say one word of this!
That was amazing, Louise!
To depress that sketchy creep! You're the best!
Idiot. You shouldn't be using magic.
But...
We don't ask any of our employees about their background.
So we didn't see anything, and we didn't hear anything.
Right, everyone?
Right, of course!
You're the winner.
There's no need to count.
But he just put this here.
He put it here on his own, so it's a tip. Right, Papa?
Oui!
The winner of the tip race is Louise!
They say that,
but now that our cover is blown, we have to leave.
What are you doing?
If you're going to change, I'll help...
Don't look!
What are you saying after all this...
That's the Enchanting Fairy...
Since I was given the opportunity, I decided to borrow it.
I mean, it would be a shame if I didn't, right?
It's not because of magic, is it?
What? I went through the effort of putting it on, so say something!
Tres bien!
At the least, compliment me in some other way.
So late at night... What do you want?
I have come to pick up our comrade.
Fouquet the Sculptor... no...
Matilda of South Gotha.
You're...
As if I were under a real magic spell
A bright smile is burnt onto my heart
But each time I see you, I give you a pointy, cold shoulder
Why do I act mean towards the one that I think about the most?
My true feelings, the shards of loneliness
In the deepest part of my heart, I'm calling for you
For the day to start from zero
Noisy Kirche and Tabitha apparently went home for the summer,
so this Institute has gotten quite lonely!
Wait... Hey, dog!
Who do you think you're flirting with while completely naked?!
