When you're gazing out at the sea, surrounded by the sound of waves...
It just goes to show that it's better to be busy.
But if you're too busy, you also lose track of time.
You lose track of time either way, then.
It can't be helped, I guess.
We're sorry, pui Closed Today We look forward to your next visit Aria Company It can't be helped, I guess.
We're sorry, pui Closed Today We look forward to your next visit Aria Company Right? It can't be helped, I guess.
We're sorry, pui Closed Today We look forward to your next visit Aria Company Right? Okay, space-out time is over!
We're sorry, pui Closed Today We look forward to your next visit Aria Company Okay, space-out time is over!
We're sorry, pui Closed Today We look forward to your next visit Aria Company
Dear Ai, today is the Aria Company's anniversary.
That's right, it's the day that Grandma founded the Aria Company!
We'll be closed all day today, and together with Alicia and President Aria,
We're sorry, pui Closed Today We look forward to your next visit Aria Company We'll be closed all day today, and together with Alicia and President Aria,
the three of us are going on a little trip. We've been looking forward to it for a while.
My, my.
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare Wow! It's a bicycle!
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru Wow! It's a bicycle!
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru On Neo-Burano Island, children up to twelve years old are allowed to ride bicycles.
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru This is the first time I've seen a bicycle since coming to Aqua.
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara This is the first time I've seen a bicycle since coming to Aqua.
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
There are a lot of colorful houses, aren't there?
Burano Island back on Manhome was also a fishing village, just like this one.
It's said that the fishermen's wives painted the houses in various colors...
It seems that tradition is still alive and well here today.
This is the Venetian lace that was popular in Manhome's Venice, isn't it?
Yes. Nets are necessary to fish, right?
So lace was developed from the art of weaving nets.
It looks like the art of lace-making has been passed down to Aqua, hasn't it?
I'm sure the bride who wears that dress will look stunning.
The woman we're going to visit now, Anna, was also very beautiful in her lace wedding dress.
Really?
Um, so what kind of person is Anna?
Let's see... She was a cheerful and glamorous Undine.
She had many male fans, and was much busier than I am now.
Wow! She sounds amazing! It makes me kind of nervous.
My, my.
In That Gently Passing Time...
It's this house, Alicia.
Hello!
Huh...
Maybe she's not home? I'm pretty sure this is the time we agreed on, but...
Huh?
Huh? Huh?
Hello!
Wha?
Please wait! There's something I'd like to ask you!
That boy...
What's the matter?
There were two ladies at our gate.
U-Umm...
That uniform...
Anna.
Long time no see, Alicia.
Then, you must be...
Ah, yes. Pleased to meet you! I'm Akari Mizunashi.
Hello, Akari. I'm Anna.
And this is my son, Ahito.
Hello, Ahito.
H-Hello.
Oh? What's this, Ahito? You're blushing.
I'm not blushing!
My, my. Are you flustered?
Shut up, hag!
Whaaat?!
Stop it!
My, my.
Such beautiful lace work.
It's wonderful!
Grandma made it.
Huh? Your grandmother?
Yeah. My grandma is a famous lace maker on this island.
Mom's getting lessons from her right now.
She's still bad at it, though.
Hey!
That was given to me as a wedding gift.
Everything else is either my own work, or was given to me by someone else.
Back when Anna was working at the Aria Company...
She soon fell in love with that kind fisherman who cared so much about his mother.
Thank you so much for forgiving my selfishness.
Not at all, Anna. Congratulations.
This is a wonderful reason.
To see you follow your own path without any hesitation makes me very happy.
Thank you very much, Grandma.
Please take care.
Thank you, Alicia.
Take care of yourself.
I will.
The Aria Company was the high point of my youth.
It's pudgy-wudgy!
It was a happy marriage, wasn't it?
Not exactly.
I'm joking.
But there were hardships.
Getting married and moving was fine, but life here was completely different from my life as an Undine.
I didn't know anyone. My husband was always out fishing.
I became alienated from the islanders, so I had a hard time getting to know them.
It was really lonely.
But after I started learning how to make lace, I gradually got to know the islanders.
In some cases, we had up to five people working on a single lace project.
Five people?
Each of these lace embroideries was done by a different person,
and they entrusted me with making the bridge embroideries that connect each section.
I was so happy.
That embroidery became the real bridge that connected you and the islanders, didn't it?
Yeah.
Whoa, great way to put it, Akari!
Ah! I'm sorry.
My, my.
I wonder if Grandma is doing well.
Ah, sounds like Alberto's back from fishing.
Grandma! What are you doing here?
Alicia invited me.
Long time no see, Anna. I'm glad to see you're doing well.
We just happened to bump into each other.
I'm so happy to see you, Grandma!
My, my, President Aria.
Hello, Ahito.
Hello.
Nice to meet you. I'm Alberto.
I'm Akari Mizunashi.
How was it?
Oh, it was a great haul!
Ta-da!
I picked out the ones that looked especially tasty!
Looks delicious.
All right. Time to put my cooking skills into action!
It smells delicious.
Looks like it's cooked just right.
Here I go!
All right!
Are you okay?
Alberto!
Dinner's ready!
Okay! We'll be right there!
Ow...
This looks amazing!
Okay, let's dig in!
Let's eat! Let's eat!
It's delicious!
The fish is so fresh, it's delicious!
Why, thank you.
Here, Grandma.
Thank you.
Yummy!
Yummy!
This is fantastic!
Looks like he's tired.
He woke up early today, didn't he?
He just got carried away, that's all.
There's a lot of Aria Company history that I don't know, isn't there?
From the founding of the Aria Company, to Akari, our newest member...
Somehow, it all makes me really happy.
I think of Ahito as a grandson, as well.
Spending this moment together is like a miracle.
That's right.
A miracle...
It's all thanks to you for founding the Aria Company, Grandma.
If you hadn't, Alberto and I would have never met,
and Ahito wouldn't have been born into this world.
I see you have your feet firmly on the ground, and cherish every day.
You've found a happiness that suits you, haven't you?
Thank you very much.
I didn't found the Aria Company on my own.
It was President Aria who gave me the idea.
No, it was more like he saved me.
President Aria did?
Would you mind telling us about that?
Back then, I was at a loss with myself.
It was back when I was still an Undine at Himeya.
Good work, Akino.
Good work, Akino! Good work, Akino!
Good work.
By that time, I had already been known as Himeya's ace Undine for over fourteen years.
Akino looks wonderful today, as always.
She changes the mood simply by passing by, doesn't she?
I heard she had six bookings back to back yesterday.
That's amazing!
If it were me, I'd definitely be worn out.
Instead of waning, she seems to shine brighter and brighter with age, doesn't she?
And no matter how busy she is, she always has a smile on her face.
She truly is the greatest Water Fairy of our time!
Thank you very much.
Bye bye!
Ah, that sure was fun.
Bye bye.
Huh?
Hello, Mr. Cat.
You always seem to be here, lately.
Where did you come from?
What are you doing here every day?
Are you lost, by chance?
Don't you get tired of always being in the same spot?
I'm sorry. It would be hard to answer so many questions all at once.
At the time, I enjoyed my work, of course,
but I was so busy that time seemed to just fly by.
Every so often, I would think to myself, What a waste.
There are so many wonderful things in this world.
If only I could take the time to cherish each and every one of them.
Say, Mr. Cat.
What are you always looking at from here?
Are you waiting for something that's important to you?
A white seabird with a tilted neck... Kubi o kashigeta shiroi umidori
Soon, a ship sailing beyond the sky... Sora no mukou no fune ga mousugu
Mr. Cat!
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku What could you be waiting for that you're willing to do this to yourself?
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku
The person I long to see has gone to a far-off land... Aitai hito tooi kuni e itta
Before I knew it, it was morning.
Even though I was out in the rain all night long, somehow I felt renewed.
Thanks to President Aria, I realized that I was pushing myself.
The person I long to see... Aitai hito
The person I long to see... Aitai hito And then, together with President Aria, I founded the Aria Company.
The person I long to see... Aitai hito
The voice I long to hear... Kikitai koe
The voice I long to hear... Kikitai koe I thought, That world reflected in his beautiful blue eyes... I want to see it with him.
I thought, That world reflected in his beautiful blue eyes... I want to see it with him.
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku caution, wet paint
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku
The person I long to see has gone to a far-off land... Aitai hito tooi kuni e itta
And that's how it all began.
Akari.
Yes?
Someday, your Aria Company will begin.
We're all looking forward to your Aria Company, which will be unlike anything we've seen before.
Good luck!
Yes, I'll do my best!
My, my.
Ai, I'm so happy I was allowed to be a part of the Aria Company.
Because of that, I'm able to spend time with such wonderful people.
Akari, the Aria Company is an amazing place...
I'm kind of envious!
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
