Say, Nana Komatsu. Remember close to our high school graduation,
we stood beside each other and looked onto the school grounds
from the girls' toilet?
Those stories of love you'd tell me then? Please, never tell me those again.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
Good to see you. How've you been?
In any case this place always has no customers.
No, they'll come. I'm sure they'll come tonight.
Shin and Nobu and Yasu. Or maybe the members of Trapnest.
What's this? Did the Demon Lord tell you?
Oh, a customer really came.
Junko. Congratulations on the grand opening!
Huh? Why you, Koichi Sato?
I hear you have some serious fans. They've gotta be real maniacs.
They're not maniacs!
So, how's Nana doing lately?
Huh? By Nana, you mean Nana Komatsu?
Mhm. She hasn't dropped by Jackson Hall lately,
and as a result I don't get to appear in this anime much.
Did something happen between her and Shoji?
You really are the worst!
I have totally lost respect for you!
I just didn't get a chance to talk about it.
I wasn't necessarily hiding it.
Don't make excuses! You were planning on two-timing them, weren't you?
Junko! Do you think I'm capable of doing something like that?!
Of course not!
You can't do it, yet you try and reach for more than you can handle,
and as a result, you hurt a young woman's loving heart.
You think she's hurt.
Of course she's hurt! Sachiko's in love with you, right?
But maybe I'm just hoping that she is.
She hasn't actually told me that she likes me.
And nothing has changed since.
We still continue seeing each other as no more than friends.
Your intellectual level has remained the same since junior high.
This is nonsense!
Junko!
Don't talk to me like that! What should I do to make things right?!
You hafta put an end to this.
So Sachiko's more important to you than Nana?
You're wrong!
Koichi Sato, I'm going to work!
I'm gonna break ties with her!
I'll do what I can to be buried in the same grave with Nana!
Sorry to keep you. Let's hurry.
Wait, Sachiko!
I hafta talk to you about something.
You know!
Sorry.
- I'm really sorry. - You've done nothing wrong, Shoji.
I jumped to conclusions on my own and got carried away.
I will be careful not to interfere.
I will never interfere in your relationship with your girlfriend.
So... please. Can't we at least be friends?
Don't ask me to end this.
That's strange.
Shoji should be done with work, but I get his answering service.
I wonder if he forgot to switch it on.
He's probably cheating on you.
Shoji wouldn't do such a thing!
I'll send him an email.
You know, there's nothing we can do about Shoji.
You know, I didn't think he was the kinda guy
who was capable of cheating, by any means.
As far as I know, neither did I!
He's not just fooling around, either. He's serious about the other girl.
He's seriously fallen in love with Sachiko.
He's no longer able to think rationally or morally.
There's nothing we can do.
Shoji!
I came.
Hachi wouldn't shut up about wanting to see you.
Umm... Then allow me to show you to your table.
This way, please.
Sachiko.
They're finally finished. Someone's coming out.
Really?
Sachiko!
What are you doing? What's with this woman?
She's my girlfriend.
Huh?!
You telling me that you have two girlfriends?
You sure have it good!
Don't!
Sachiko! It's okay, stay back!
Don't be violent with Shoji!
Stay out of this! This has nothing to do with you!
You're the one who has nothing to do with this!
If you want to hit someone, hit me!
H-Hey!
I was the one who had a crush on him!
I knew he had a girlfriend, and still I could not stop myself!
Hachiko!
Why are you just standing there?! This is your fight!
You do something!
If you don't fight, you've accepted defeat!
He's your man, isn't he? Fight to get him back!
I don't want him.
I don't even wanna see his face.
Is that so. So that's what happened.
That's right.
Hey, speaking of the cheating fellow.
He's getting closer.
Oh, he's leaving.
You fool. It's because you tease him too much.
Hey, Shoji. Come over here. Let's drink together.
I'm home.
Hachiko!
A live show! A live show!
They had an opening in an upcoming event at Shimokita,
and they're letting us fill that spot and play.
Huh?
It's for thirty minutes on May 5th!
Yay!
Don't cry, Hachiko! We're gonna party today!
Thank you.
I see. And has Nana been able to recover from her problems?
Well, yeah, I guess you could say she recovered, but...
Huh? Then she's back to feeling depressed again?
Oh, no worry of that.
She's had many things going on, one after another.
And did I mention many things?
Hm?
Let him tell you the story, Koichi Sato.
Being able to have dinner with the BLAST band members,
and the chance to talk with Nana... I'm so happy I could die.
It's like I'm still in some dream.
You're exaggerating.
No, really. I've been a BLAST fan since the very beginning,
but nothing like this has ever happened.
It really is like a dream to me.
I see. When you say since the very beginning, when was that?
It was with the first set of members, back when Ren was in the band.
So, almost four years ago?
It was a shock when Ren left BLAST, but don't you think Shin, the new bassist,
plays just like Ren does?
So at the live concert it was like a revival of the BLAST of old times.
I was really thrilled.
Name a guitarist you respect.
Ren Honjo!
That's the flower of the lotus, isn't it? Why did you choose the lotus?
Actually, it's the ren.
No way.
Still that's no reason to come to my place.
Please tell me, Nobu. You know a lot about this, don't you?
Ren was BLAST's bassist.
He and Nana were lovers and they lived together,
but two years ago he was offered the chance
to become Trapnest's guitarist.
He came to Tokyo alone, and no one's heard from him since.
So I told him everything.
Wait! No one's heard from him since? Then what about him and Nana?
They had a tearful breakup, right?
That's right. And there's nothing left for me to tell you.
I don't hate Ren and I don't wanna badmouth him,
but Ren decided to leave BLAST and join Trapnest
without talking it over with Nana or myself.
Only Yasu knew about it.
So at that time, I really felt betrayed, and it was a great shock.
As a fellow musician, my pride was shot down
and I couldn't shake off this feeling of utter defeat.
But both Nana and I acknowledged Ren's talents and we respected that.
We could predict that this would be better for Ren's sake,
and of course, that proved to be true.
I believe this was the best outcome.
But Nana,.,
Back then, she could've gone with him if she desired.
But rather than choose happiness as a woman,
she chose to protect her pride.
I think that's the reason why she's so insistent on
succeeding as a musician, no matter what.
She has her heart set on someday
reaching the level of success Ren,., Trapnest is enjoying.
From time to time, it pains me to see that about her.
Do you still love Ren?
You knew.
I'm sorry. Acting as if I didn't know. But,.,
You brought me here knowing, right?
Thank you.
Ren...
Hm?
That thing you said earlier. Is it true?
Which one?
Right now, I'm not about to give up my pride
so I can't live with you like we used to.
But it would be nice if we could maybe meet like this from time to time.
Hold each other and talk about each other.
And one day when we're much older, when I no longer care about
pride and vanity, when I've grown tired of singing...
Then can I return to that home too?
So that's pretty much what happened. Huh? Where'd Koichi Sato go?
He went home a moment ago.
Did he pay?
There. He left a Jackson Burger for you.
Barter trade?! But I love his Jackson Burgers!
Though that one's already cold.
What is Ms. Sakagami, age 38, doing here?
Because of her serious fans...
who don't exist.
No they don't.
- Excuse me, you people over there. - Y-Yes?
I hear you're friends of Nana Komatsu.
What is it with that girl? First of all, when it comes to her work ethics...
You know this woman is your typical character
who ends up having very few appearances.
Even fewer than Koichi Sato.
Mhm. This is very strange.
Why are we visited by
all these characters who hardly appear in the show?
That's because this is where
the Characters with Few Appearances gather.
- Huh? - Huh?
With you three at the lead.
Th-That's impossible.
We will have many more appearances.
You'll have no more.
- That's not your decision to make! - That's not your decision to make!
You've got plenty blooming lately right in your own garden.
I want happiness as soon as possible too.
Or rather, a boyfriend.
Then we'll organize a party.
Not that way. I want a love that's meant to be.
Oh, but now that you mention it, a party might be good, too.
Say, Yasu, do you have a girlfriend?
Unfortunately, I'm not popular with the women.
Say, Nobu, don't you have a girlfriend?
I don't.
Presently recruiting within-reach characters.
Super within-reach character
Miss Komatsu!
How long is it taking you to sort those postcards?
You really are slow!
Miss Komatsu!
Can't you even make copies properly?!
I'll call you later.
Come on, Ms. Sakagami. What are you doing here wasting time?
Please get back to work.
Ms. Sakagami!
The Chief says I'm fired!
- Naturally. - Huh?
No way. Ms. Sakagami. Although you were hard on me,
I thought you were the kinda person who would stand up for me in the end.
Do you think the world exists for you?!
It's a result of how spoiled you've been acting. Farewell.
Unidentified Caller
- Yes? - Nana?
It's me, Takumi.
Do you have a moment to talk?
Sure.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
Until the next time!
- Goodbye! - You are pathetic.
