They need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru?
They need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru? It was a lazy, but normal day after Obon at the height of summer.
That's true. You never know how a match is going to turn out. It was a lazy, but normal day after Obon at the height of summer.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four,
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural game on the TV,
Kashima, a senior. After last year's summer tournament, I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural game on the TV,
he was chosen to be part of the team that went to Cuba. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural game on the TV,
he was chosen to be part of the team that went to Cuba. But because of my sympathetic personality,
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run.
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run. I ended up kind of rooting for the losing side.
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run.
Once I did, my cell phone began ringing.
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... Once I did, my cell phone began ringing.
Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya Haruhi, huh?
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. Haruhi, huh?
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there.
That was a good pitch. You're not doing anything today, right?
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. You're not doing anything today, right?
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. And just like that, she hangs up.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. How does she know I'm not doing anything today?
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... How does she know I'm not doing anything today?
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... I mean, I'm...
Well, okay, I don't have any plans at all, but...
It's a hit! Well, okay, I don't have any plans at all, but...
Well, okay, I don't have any plans at all, but...
It's a big one! Kashima's sent it headed for left field. It's in!
What?
It's a solo home run! What?
It's a solo home run! I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and come on your bike.
I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and come on your bike.
And be sure to bring plenty of money. That's all, over and out!
This gives them yet another point. And be sure to bring plenty of money. That's all, over and out!
This gives them yet another point.
Ugh, no.
And with this, Jyonan's gotten their eighth run! Ugh, no.
And with this, Jyonan's gotten their eighth run!
And with this, Jyonan's gotten their eighth run! What in the world is going on?
And with this, Jyonan's gotten their eighth run!
Kashima is slowly rounding third base.
Suzuki is on the mound, looking dejected.
It's a hard thing to watch.
It's so sad...
it looks like the last of his will to fight has crumbled.
It looks like the last of his will to fight has crumbled. Oh well.
The team's supporters seem to have lost their voices as well. Oh well.
The team's supporters seem to have lost their voices as well.
There aren't even any jeers for Suzuki.
And with this, the score is now 8 to 0.
The Kumamoto team has their work cut out for them now.
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
Doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo That's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BOY kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
Tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
Jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
Kudaranai yarikara kette Kick away the boring ways of doing things,
subete wa atashi ga kimeru I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin And just keep going forward, no matter what
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) The idea of impossible
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
Mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
Hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want
Marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
Marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
Endless Eight
You're late, Kyon!
Show some more motivation!
Who do you think you are, making the brigade leader wait?
There'll be a penalty for this.
I came fifteen minutes early, and I'm still the last one to arrive?
Okay, we're all here, so let's go.
Koizumi, let Mikuru ride on your bike.
Yuki and I will ride on the back of Kyon's bike.
Well, let me ask, where are we going?
To the public swimming pool, of course!
We have to do summer vacation-y things during our summer vacation!
We can never get back the time that we've lost!
And so we're going to do them now, during this,
our one and only summer as tenth graders.
The time that we've lost, eh?
Oh, the scent of chlorine. This really makes it feel like a pool!
Here I go!
Here we go!
No diving It's dangerous
Hurry up and get in! The water's warm so it feels fine!
Can't she read the no diving signs posted everywhere?
This makes me smile, though.
Miss Suzumiya has some rather normal ways
of enjoying her time, don't you think?
Suddenly calling us up out of the blue,
and only giving us a general idea of what's going to happen...
That's not all that normal to me.
Well, at least Miss Suzumiya, laughing and having a good time,
isn't likely to shake up the world.
I hope that's the case...
There's no need to worry.
We haven't noticed any problems since the outing a while back.
Right now, to Miss Suzumiya, and to us as well,
the world is at peace.
Let's have lunch.
Surprise! Today Mikuru made us sandwiches!
Wow!
This is delicious.
Thank you very much.
I'm having more fried chicken!
Mikuru, get the tea, would you?
Okay!
Things certainly do seem to be peaceful.
Sorry!
Okay, here I go!
Okay, here I go! I think it'd be better to call this a communal pool than a public pool.
I think it'd be better to call this a communal pool than a public pool.
Come on, Mikuru, what are you doing?
This isn't a bad way to spend my summer vacation.
Kyon!
These are my brigade members.
They'll do anything you ask, so ask for anything you want!
Okay!
I've been thinking about how we should spend our summer vacation.
What do you think?
Club schedule: Summer outing, bug catching, pool, test of courage...
Club schedule: Summer outing, bug catching, pool, test of courage... What is this?
What is this?
It's a schedule of how we'll spend the rest of our short summer vacation.
For the SOS Brigade?
Yup. There're only two weeks of summer vacation left, right?
And yet it feels like there are a lot of things we've yet to do!
We're going to pick up the pace!
Things that we have to do during the summer vacation, you say?
Summer outing, go to the pool,
go to a Bon festival, go to a fireworks show,
have a part-time job, stargazing... There's a lot here, isn't there?
So we have to do all of this in just two weeks?
Is there anything else you want to do?
Umm... I'd like to try goldfish scooping.
Okay! Goldfish scooping...
We start the plan tomorrow!
Is there a place nearby having a Bon festival?
A fireworks show would work, too.
At least try to find this stuff out first.
I'll check around. I'll contact you when I find out.
Don't forget about the goldfish scooping! It's Mikuru's sole request, after all.
Right.
Why am I always the one that has to pick up the check?
Isn't it obvious? It's because you were late.
Don't make us wait tomorrow!
All right, then, we're done for today!
Good grief. So we're going to be playing around every day?
The next morning, it was a call from Haruhi
that awoke me from my slumber.
They found a place that was holding a Bon festival.
Time: Tonight. Place: A public park.
Convenient how they found one so quickly.
Just as I was being impressed by that, Haruhi said,
We're all going to go buy yukata!
Both Mikuru and Yuki said that they don't own one.
There's a place selling them in sets for cheap, so let's go!
Haruhi just went and chose yukata for Miss Asahina and Nagato,
then headed straight for the changing rooms.
This ended up taking quite a bit of time.
We waited for about an hour, while the other women ignored us,
and finally the three of them came out at once.
Kyon!
You all look wonderful.
Of course! I chose these yukata, after all.
Especially Mikuru.
Just what you would expect from my choice, it's so cute on you!
There's nothing wrong with my fashion sense!
This certainly was the cream of the crop
Yuki is pretty too, don't you think? This certainly was the cream of the crop
Yuki is pretty too, don't you think? Of all of the costumes that Haruhi has forced on her.
Of all of the costumes that Haruhi has forced on her.
Rather, it really looks great on her!
This is a definite yes!
So this is the kind of clothing
that the people of this country wore in historical times.
It's a little tight around the chest, but it's beautiful.
Okay, we're ready to go now.
Let's go to the festival, everyone!
Wow!
A Bon festival, huh? It's been a while since I've been to one.
Mikuru, they even have goldfish scooping, just like you wanted!
Be sure to catch a bunch!
Black Demekins are worth 200 points, you know!
Shall we play, too? How about seeing who can catch more?
I'll pass. I'm more interested in the food.
What about you, Nagato? Want to eat something?
You're interested in that stuff?
This one.
Right-o, that'll be 800 yen.
Thirteen!
I caught a lot, but I don't need so many, so I just kept one.
I didn't catch any at all.
Scooping goldfish is difficult, isn't it?
Oh no, it's not normal to catch so many.
If you can figure out the trick, it's easy!
Huh? What's with the mask, Yuki?
I bought it.
I see. But why that one?
Maybe it appeals to a particular wavelength.
One only aliens would get.
Okay, then.
There are things over there we haven't seen yet, so let's go!
You're still going to mess around?
Of course! Come on!
Here.
You can have one, but only one.
Oh, thanks.
Is it tasty?
Good.
Now, we've pretty much seen all of the Bon festival.
Now let's launch some fireworks!
Fireworks?
We've gone through the trouble of getting all dressed up,
so let's do that to finish off the day!
Why not? There was a store over there selling them,
so let's head over to the riverside.
This looks like it will be fun.
Okay, here we go!
Kakizaki!
Oh, they're so beautiful.
Bon festival, fireworks... okay, done.
Okay, tomorrow we'll be catching bugs!
Haruhi, it's fine to want to play around,
but are you finished with your summer homework?
Not that I've any right to talk, since I'm nowhere near done.
What, you can finish all of that in just three days.
Three days?!
I finished it all in July.
I took care of all of that bothersome stuff
so I could have fun without having to worry about it.
That's how you enjoy your summer vacation.
Why is she so smart?
It seems like the guys up in heaven that were divvying up our stats
were being pretty lax about it.
In any case, we're going to go bug catching tomorrow!
Whoever catches the most bugs...
That's right. They'll get to be the brigade leader for a day!
Ugh, no thanks.
That sounds interesting. Are any bugs okay?
Hmm... Only cicadas!
That's it, this will be the SOS Brigade's Cicada Capturing Competition!
Whoever catches the most wins!
The next day, I wanted it to rain so much
that I drove a nail through a teruteru bouzu.
But despite that, it was an incredibly beautiful and clear day.
It felt like the warmest day of the summer,
and it seemed like it was making all of the cicadas happy.
I wonder if you can eat cicadas.
No idea.
They might be delicious if you fried them in tempura.
Fine. Try it out yourself.
You know, sometimes, I wonder... When it comes to tempura,
maybe it's just the outside that's delicious.
If that's the case, maybe it's the same with cicadas.
Apologize! Apologize to the tempura restaurants across Japan!
So what's with making all of us, at our age,
walk here carrying bug-catching nets and cages?
What are you talking about?
If we didn't have bug-catching nets,
we wouldn't be able to catch any cicadas, would we?
That's not what I'm talking about.
Okay, we're going to start!
The winner is the brigade leader for a day!
Ready... start!
She's not listening.
Umm...
It looks like she really wants to win.
I think that's a good thing, don't you?
Sheesh. I haven't caught cicadas since I was in elementary school.
Same here. Let's do our best.
Have you already caught one?
That's not a cicada.
Oh.
That's a Hercules beetle!
And now, the results!
Mikuru caught one.
Yuki caught four.
Koizumi caught seven.
Kyon caught nine.
And the top record is...
We already know. You don't have to say.
Me, with twelve!
I guess I can't give up the brigade leader position, even for a day.
Sorry, everyone!
Now, you're not actually going to make these into tempura, are you?
What? Do you want to eat them?
Why does it come back to me?
I'm kidding. A catch-and-release attitude is important, right?
If we let them go, then they might come back to repay us.
There you go! Go back to the mountains! Don't get caught again!
Hold on a second. That may be a good deed and all,
but all you did was catch them and then let them go.
The next day...
Haruhi found us part-time jobs somewhere that was glad to have us.
Our job was to bring in customers...
Brigade Leader Our job was to bring in customers...
Brigade Leader
Brigade Leader Do your best!
Do your best!
Thank you...
Here you go.
Here.
Why do I have to wear this outfit?
If you want to work a part-time job,
there are more appropriate ones for the summer, you know?
And to top it all off, Haruhi is still nice and cool!
If we end up getting the same amount of pay, I'm going to riot!
I really understand how a snake that's shed its skin feels.
That's a good analogy.
Good work, everyone. The manager is thankful.
I don't care about his thanks. Where's our pay?
This is it.
Huh?
This costume is our pay.
I've wanted this for a while.
The owner said that he'd give it to us for Mikuru's sake.
We'll hang this frog up in the clubroom as a memento!
Mikuru, you can wear it whenever you want. You have my permission!
Ribbit.
We went to the pool, to a Bon festival,
caught bugs, and worked a part-time job.
Next up, Haruhi had us scheduled to go stargazing.
Wow, so this is a telescope from this era.
It doesn't seem that different from the ones from Kepler's time.
No, I think it's pretty different.
Did you buy this for tonight?
No, this was my hobby when I was younger.
I was pretty moved when I caught a glimpse of the moons of Jupiter.
I've spotted Mars.
I wonder if they exist.
If who exists?
Martians.
I kind of don't want them to.
If there were octopus-like monsters wriggling around,
planning on conquering the Earth,
there's just no way I could say that sounded like fun.
Why not? They might be a very friendly people.
I'm sure they're a reserved people, secretly living in underground caverns.
I'm sure they're just trying not to surprise us Earthlings.
Exactly how reserved are the Martians you're imagining?
I've had enough of Mars. Let's look for UFOs!
Their scouting fleets should be standing by in orbit.
Come on, Mikuru, help out!
U-F-Os, U-F-Os!
We're going to a batting center!
Why there?
It came to me this morning while watching the news from Koshien.
We can't be satisfied by a mere sandlot baseball game.
I think that the SOS Brigade needs to form its own national-level team.
Chuka soba!
She sure is something. Where does she get her energy from?
She may have a different amount of mitochondria packed into her cells.
She should use her gifts for the sake of the world some more.
All right!
Home Run All right!
Home Run
After that,
in an attempt to run through the schedule that she had set for us,
we kept going, day after day,
too fast for anyone to hit the pause button.
We went to a real fireworks show.
The fireworks burst into bloom in the sky, one after another,
leaving us with a grand feeling in our hearts.
That one was awesome! Leaving us with a grand feeling in our hearts.
Goby Fishing Tournament
Goby Fishing Tournament On yet another day, she also made us take part
On yet another day, she also made us take part
in a goby fishing tournament at the prefectural river.
Ah! Mikuru, your fishing pole!
Leave it to me, I'll get it back.
It continued on.
While it's admittedly a staple of the summer,
there probably aren't many people who do tests of courage.
We went to see a movie that was hyped so much it was overblown,
but it was just your usual summer blockbuster.
We went to the beach when the jellyfish were closest to the shore.
We went bowling, but we couldn't leave until we all got a strike,
as if were playing some kind of penalty game.
We went to karaoke, singing for a long time,
as if we were trying to challenge the limits of our voices.
In short, it felt like there were non-summer things in there as well,
but we ended up enjoying ourselves to the fullest these two weeks.
As of today, August 30th, we have pretty much completed our list.
Good grief, we're finally done.
I wonder if this was good enough.
But, hmm, well... I guess this works.
Hey, is there anything else you want to do?
Not particularly.
We've done enough, haven't we?
I'd like to sleep for a while.
What about you, Yuki?
I see.
That's fine, then. We were able to do a lot this summer.
We went all over the place, we wore yukata, and caught a lot of cicadas.
Yeah, that works.
Is there something that she would regret not doing?
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
Man, I haven't done any of my homework at all.
August 31 st, the last day of our summer vacation.
No matter how hard I tried, there was no way I'd be able to finish all of my homework.
I couldn't recover from all of the running around we did, either,
so in the end I just spent the day slacking off.
What the heck're you talkin' about?
Boring.
Whatever. It'll work out.
I guess I'll go to sleep... School's starting back up, after all...
Beep.
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
Subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
Hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
Yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
Kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
Tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
Touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
Nazenara That's because
Basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
Deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
Hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
Doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
Mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
Kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
