The contract money Gaia transferred into our accounts,
the expected monthly salaries from the agency,
and estimated royalties we'll be receiving from CD sales.
Our band is no longer some humble amateur band.
I figured I could easily support Hachi and her baby now.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
The walls in our dorm are really thin.
603 VACANT 602 NOBU (SPOILED KID) 601 MYU (STRUGGLING ACTRESS) 503 YURI (POPULAR PORN STAR) 502 NANA (QUEEN) 501 YASU (ILLEGAL LAWYER) 403 VACANT 402 VACANT 401 ME (PRETTY BOY) The walls in our dorm are really thin.
603 VACANT 602 NOBU (SPOILED KID) 601 MYU (STRUGGLING ACTRESS) 503 YURI (POPULAR PORN STAR) 502 NANA (QUEEN) 501 YASU (ILLEGAL LAWYER) 403 VACANT 402 VACANT 401 ME (PRETTY BOY)
603 VACANT 602 NOBU (SPOILED KID) 601 MYU (STRUGGLING ACTRESS) 503 YURI (POPULAR PORN STAR) 502 NANA (QUEEN) 501 YASU (ILLEGAL LAWYER) 403 VACANT 402 VACANT 401 ME (PRETTY BOY) We played mahjongg till dawn
603 VACANT 602 NOBU (SPOILED KID) 601 MYU (STRUGGLING ACTRESS) 503 YURI (POPULAR PORN STAR) 502 NANA (QUEEN) 501 YASU (ILLEGAL LAWYER) 403 VACANT 402 VACANT 401 ME (PRETTY BOY) in the recreation room
(2F) COIN LAUNDRY RECREATION ROOM VENDING MACHINE (1F) PARKING ENTRANCE RECEPTION YAMAGISHI (RELEASED FROM PRISON) GINPEl (GAY) ELEVATOR in the recreation room on the second floor...
(2F) COIN LAUNDRY RECREATION ROOM VENDING MACHINE (1F) PARKING ENTRANCE RECEPTION YAMAGISHI (RELEASED FROM PRISON) GINPEl (GAY) ELEVATOR
Ron.
And we took Yuri to her room since
- she could no longer walk on her own. - I'm all right. I'm all right.
- Don't you touch her! - Right.
Good night! Let's do this again soon!
After listening closely to confirm that she was retiring to bed,
I got into bed myself.
Even if it were casual, if they end up doing it,
Nobu would get emotionally involved.
That's the kinda guy Nobu is.
Right now, I want him to think only of Hachi.
I still want him to love only Hachi.
But I wanna stop saying such selfish things.
God... Buddha... Demon Lord...
Please make Nobuo and Hachiko get back together.
It's past eight. You'd better get up, or you'll be late.
Sure... Huh? What about my alarm?
- It went off. - Sorry!
Do you find it noisy every morning? Or do you find me noisy?
Yeah. Thanks to you, I've been able to sleep really well lately.
Was she being sarcastic?
Maybe.
You're alone on the fourth floor, aren't you?
You're not planning to move here, are you?
Think why I fled from Room 603 after just one night.
Then what about the third floor? Does anyone live there?
I've never seen anyone from there.
More importantly, what are you gonna do today, Nobu?
Are you going to the fireworks festival?
Yeah.
You're gonna get Hachi back!
Huh? Well...
You coward.
Hey! That's something I should decide after I see her!
If she seems happy, then that's good enough for me.
I don't wanna get her back if it's gonna interfere with her happiness.
But... if she seems sad, then I couldn't leave her like that.
No!
You seriously think you can just cancel your interview
at the last minute for personal reasons?!
I never said anything about canceling it!
I'm just asking you to move it to another day!
Absolutely not!
Besides I can't let you loose in a big crowd like that.
Don't worry about that.
Mika and Masaru said they'd help, so our disguises will be perfect.
Oh my! You think you can get away using
a professional hair stylist and makeup artist for your personal business?!
But when we called and asked,
they both found it amusing and were looking forward to it.
I wonder what kind of interesting outfits they have planned for us.
Regardless, I won't allow it!
All right.
If you won't allow it, I'll just hafta skip work.
What did you say?!
I'm so disappointed in you, Nana.
You've got a bad attitude, and you're a lousy singer,
but at least I valued you for your enthusiasm towards your work.
I'm lousy?!
Well, that's why, Ginpei.
I wish you'd understand that for Nana to be insisting so much,
this has gotta be something really important to her.
Yasu... I understand.
For you to say so, it's gotta be something really important.
What the hell?!
I'll discuss it with the reporter.
He's really in love with him?
Oh, sure, that's fine.
We still have time before the proofing deadline.
Monday? Not a problem at all.
KENICHI KANEDA (32) SINGLE MUSIC REPORTER
KENICHI KANEDA (32) SINGLE MUSIC REPORTER Then I'll try to finish this game and return to work before then.
What'd he say?
He was extremely troubled by it,
but has agreed to somehow adjust his schedule to accommodate us.
All right!
I'm sorry for the trouble, Ginpei.
- It's okay. - This is great! Isn't it, Nobu?!
I do have a heart, you know.
- That's good news, isn't it, Nana? - Hey, come on! Aren't you happy?!
Y-Yeah...
Our band is becoming more and more like a family.
You can't smoke!
- Ginpei's like the strong mama, - Why just me?
- Yasu's the dependable oldest son, - If you quit, Shin might quit too.
Nobu's the kind-hearted second son, and Shin's the bratty baby of the family.
It's because I'm protected by this family
that I can get away with being so selfish and spoiled.
But then who's the dad?
If it's the president, that would make this some gangster family.
BLACK STONES CLAN If it's the president, that would make this some gangster family.
BLACK STONES CLAN
I guess I'll settle on the raccoon guy. At least he's better than the fox guy.
That's not bad.
I've always wanted to be part of a big family like the ones on TV.
Now if Hachi would marry Nobu, it would be perfect.
OBSTETRICS GYNECOLOGY NAKAZATO CLINIC
OBSTETRICS GYNECOLOGY NAKAZATO CLINIC You're now fourteen weeks along.
You're now fourteen weeks along.
The baby is growing well.
I've got a pretty good idea now on the gender of the baby.
Huh?
Would you like to know now?
Or would you like to keep it a surprise for when the baby's born?
I do want to know,
THUMP THUMP THUMP I do want to know,
THUMP THUMP THUMP but perhaps it would be more exciting to wait?
THUMP THUMP THUMP
THUMP THUMP THUMP What should I do?
It's still an educated guess at this point.
Yes.
It's good that your morning sickness subsided fairly quickly,
but I am concerned about your rapid weight gain.
If you gain too much, it can be dangerous in many ways,
so try to focus on eating proper portions of nutritionally balanced foods, okay?
Actually, from an appearance point of view,
I don't wanna gain weight, either.
I ate too much at lunch.
I'll avoid the food stands at the fireworks festival.
Did you say something, Sachiko? Huh? You want a Jackson Burger?
No, no. I have a bad feeling about that place.
Maybe I shouldn't go to the fireworks festival, after all.
Well, I'm sure it'll be really crowded,
so your chances of seeing her are minimal.
But what if I run into her?
Myself aside, I'd feel bad for Sachiko.
Her evening of fun would be ruined.
I think it'd be worse not to take her for those reasons.
That's why I'm in a bind!
It's been so long, Koichi Sato!
Nana...
My bad feelings have come true. I've been led here by the Demon Lord.
If you had a revelation, then don't come!
But Sachiko said she was hungry.
A Jackson Burger and fresh orange juice.
Sure.
Sachiko?
The baby in my tummy. Four months now.
Why'd you name it that?!
- You're scaring me! - Don't ask me!
I didn't wanna name her that, either!
Then don't!
But my husband has his heart set on Sachiko.
By husband, you mean Takumi of Trapnest?
Jun-chan, you blabbermouth!
So it is!
No, it's okay. I won't tell anyone.
I swear to the Demon Lord himself.
Sure, I promise. I promise, so...
Can I get Reira's autograph?
You were a fan?
I thought I'd display it in the alcove at my parents' place
and make it an heirloom.
I'm sure my grandma would appreciate it and put her hands together every day.
Well, I guess so then.
I'll ask for you, but Reira's really busy so I can't promise anything.
You're friends with her?!
Well, sorta.
That's amazing, Nana!
Until recently, you were just a country girl.
I'm gonna call you a celebrity from now on.
Stop it. I'm just your average pregnant woman.
Okay, now you've got some attitude.
But seeing you now,
I guess running around doing as you wish is a great skill in a way.
These days, being firm and modest
isn't enough to get you on the winning team.
I've learned something new. Congratulations, celebrity!
Keep climbing that social ladder!
Hey, Take.
It looks like Ren's decided to marry Nana.
Huh? Marry her?!
So you persuaded him, Takumi?
No, he brought up the subject himself.
And he doesn't seem to have any ulterior motives.
That's good.
- What are you talking about? - That's the best.
He's out buying the ring right now.
We should arrange for him to meet her, so he can give it to her.
You're right.
With that ring, I'm sure even Nana will accept it with joy.
We don't have to worry anymore.
You know, that's a really big diamond.
A worthless guy like me could never afford
to buy something like that in my lifetime.
I'm happy for you, celebrity, that you didn't settle with me.
You make it sound like I'm some evil woman who dumped you.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT You make it sound like I'm some evil woman who dumped you.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT But it's true! You had me running in circles for you,
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT and then in the end, it's, I don't want him!
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT - Was I your toy? - You're the one who cheated on me!
- Was I your toy? - You're the one who cheated on me!
IT'S NOT RIGHT! - Was I your toy? - You're the one who cheated on me!
Sorry.
So you think that apologizing now will make it all right?!
I'm sorry, but it's in the past, isn't it?
I'm surprised you can be so casual about it!
I'm just trying to say what you wanna hear.
You kept saying how much you loved me,
but it turned out that was all a lie!
I don't remember ever actually saying that to you.
I could hear it!
I know! And there's no way that was a lie!
You know very well that I'm horrible at lying.
That's why when I cheated on you, you found out right away,
and I confessed.
Right away? While we're at it, tell me everything.
Why did you cheat on me?
I just gave in to temptation. Maybe it was the Demon Lord.
But you were dating them both for a good two weeks.
Hey, Master! If you're keeping track of your customers' criminal records,
you'll get taken out someday.
Two weeks...
That's all? What a boring man.
Celebrity!
You've changed my opinion of you.
You were keeping Ren's best interests in mind.
Huh?
Why, of course. I think about his interests far more than you do.
I seriously worry about him, too!
But if he marries Nana and she stays with him forever,
it'll cure his bad habits.
Oh, that's what you're talking about.
Huh?
It's okay.
He can quit whenever he wants to. Ren just has no desire to.
You think so?
I think Ren wants to quit if he can.
Then he should quit.
But even you said you'd quit smoking for the baby's sake,
yet you haven't been able to!
Nicotine creates a chemical dependency in your body,
so quitting is not that easy.
But Ren's psychological dependency is also an addiction!
Keep your voice down. If word gets out about him,
the band's activities will be suspended.
I'm concerned about it too. Don't get so worked up about it.
Be concerned for the sake of Ren himself. Not the band.
That's not my role.
Is that why you're letting him get married?
He's a burden to you, so you want Nana to take on that role?
That's not it. That's a different story.
Yes?
Ah, Mr. Narita.
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT Good afternoon.
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT How does it look? I dyed it blonde.
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT At your age?! That's ridiculous!
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT Reira, even if he does look ridiculous,
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT that's no way to talk to the president!
MITSURU NARITA (46) PRESIDENT
What brings you here today?
We'll be meeting with the agency
- about Reira's commercial appearance. - Sexual harassment!
We don't need you here!
Right, for the cosmetics. That's great, Reira.
You'll be aspired even more by
- young girls across the country. - I only wanna do jobs
that require singing!
Stop being selfish.
They'll be using our song for the commercial.
Takumi, I heard about Ren.
The sooner we have a press conference, the better.
We should try and move things along quickly.
Bye!
BLAH
Takumi! Why does even the president suddenly want
Ren and Nana to get married?
He's the one who suggested it in the first place!
He wanted Ren to announce to the press that he would protect Nana!
Why now?
He said he doesn't want Ren to look like he was being used by a woman.
His thoughts are that, by publicly declaring that they are lovers,
the public will be left with the impression
that BLAST became popular thanks to us.
That's ridiculous!
Well, he's not very smart.
Simply saying we're getting married
is more persuasive and leaves a favorable impression.
Then Narita will be satisfied, and we can put this silly party to rest.
So you want them to get married for your own protection?!
Actually, you disgust me!
What does the way you feel about me
have anything to do with Ren's problems?!
We're talking business here! That's what I hate about you women!
Then I'll point this out strictly from a business point of view.
The core of our fan base is young women.
With that in mind, I don't think having you and Ren getting married
one after the other is such a great plan.
If you seriously think all fans support us for our music only,
you're delusional.
I get it. Then it would be better if just Ren got married, right?
Why is Sachiko working while you're wandering around?
We work different shifts.
You've gotta work more so she can take it easy!
But we split the bills fifty-fifty.
That's one very reliable housewife.
I'd say girls like you who not only spend a lot,
but rely on the earnings of others to pay for it are a lot less common.
I'm glad you found a guy with deep pockets.
Hey, not that you'd know it, but I've grown up a lot recently.
I know.
Jun-chan, you blabbermouth...
So Nana, who are you going to the fireworks with?
That's a secret!
We celebrities have many secrets that we cannot tell the commoners.
So even if we run into each other, don't talk to me, okay?
And I'll do the same.
I really am sorry.
It's okay. I had many faults too.
But thinking back, none of your selfish whims were that bad.
This might annoy you for me to say this,
but I still enjoy talking with you.
I'm glad I could see you.
So I won't see you anymore.
Those with a record must refrain, you know.
Bye.
Get going!
You go first. Where are you meeting?
It's a secret. I still have time, so I think I'll wander around a bit.
You sure like wandering, although you get lost easily.
I don't get lost anymore! Hurry up and go!
Oh, by the way, when is she due? Sachiko.
The end of April.
It's not possible that she'll be late and arrive on May 5th, is it?
Why? It's perfectly possible.
If she were born on that day, Children's Day,
it would be nice because everyone would remember it!
Are you sure it's not the Demon Lord's child?
I'M SURE SHE'LL BE BORN ON MAY 5TH... Are you sure it's not the Demon Lord's child?
I'M SURE SHE'LL BE BORN ON MAY 5TH... How dare you say something so ominous!
I'M SURE SHE'LL BE BORN ON MAY 5TH... AND SHE'LL HAVE 777 ETCHED ONTO HER HEAD! How dare you say something so ominous!
I'M SURE SHE'LL BE BORN ON MAY 5TH... AND SHE'LL HAVE 777 ETCHED ONTO HER HEAD! Children of the Demon Lord can only be born on July 7th.
I'M SURE SHE'LL BE BORN ON MAY 5TH... AND SHE'LL HAVE 777 ETCHED ONTO HER HEAD! Let's hope so.
Well then, take care of yourself.
Give birth to a healthy human baby!
Hachiko's late, isn't she?
No, it's only five thirty.
She doesn't have a key, so she won't be here until six o'clock.
What? She doesn't have a key?
Yasu, you're too funny! I can't continue a conversation!
Mika and Masaru put all that effort into it,
so you shouldn't be screwing around.
You're the one who put it on me. You even paid for it.
With Yasu, placing wigs on him is so easy!
Shin, quit talking like Misato. You're seriously cute like that.
That long hair looks surprisingly good on you.
I'll bet Hachi will fall in love with you all over again.
But I don't want her to fall in love with me for that reason.
It makes you look a bit like Shoji. Though you're shorter.
I thought so, too. Petite Shoji?
Yeah, he does look like him. Although Nobu's shorter.
Who is this Shoji? And just how tall is he?
Shoji!
What's wrong? Your eyes are red.
Huh? My contact lenses are giving me problems.
But you have twenty-twenty vision.
Maybe I'm just far-sighted.
The further away something is, the better I can see it.
But once it gets close, I lose sight of it.
That could be the same with everyone.
Let's hold hands all night tonight
so we don't lose each other in the crowd.
Especially since you're tiny.
Hey, Hachi...
They say you don't realize
how much you care for someone until after they're gone.
But I think it's when you come face to face with that person once more
that you truly recognize your feelings for them.
If I saw everyone again right now...
I know that I'd depend on them just as much as I did back then.
I'm scared of that. That's why I can't move from this spot.
A dark night lasting too long
Wakes up
It's too sad and painful
I gave up everything
But you loved me anyway
Kiss me and stay with me
A flower blooming forever
Light, fragile, strong
How could you smile for me
I need nothing else
Just stand by me forever
