Back then, I wasn't really able to love someone properly.
Yet, I couldn't help but want to be loved.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
What's that supposed to mean?
You went to Nana's place because you were worried, right?
Then what good will lecturing her do?
But it just came out that way.
How can you say things so bluntly
to someone who's heart's been shattered?
But I did it for Nana's sake.
If so, you could've chosen a better time.
But there's meaning in talking to her about it now because of what happened.
What? Hey Nobo, where's Koichi Sato?
He caught a cold, so he's off today.
Really? I guess, with the change in temperature lately.
Could we have two beers?
Sure.
What are you doing sneaking around like that, Shoji?
You definitely didn't disappear.
- I can see you just fine. - That's not possible...
- Drink with us. - Watch out!
How naive of you.
You deserve to experience being that character who gets hated
and despised by viewers, but still needs to make appearances.
I shouldn't have come to Jackson's.
What about work? Do you have the day off?
No sir. If you must know,
I have the evenings off during the Golden Week holidays.
Just talk like you usually do.
I went to see Nana.
She really hates you,
so I suggest you don't try to fix things and just keep a low profile.
What do you mean by fix things?
Well, because Shoji says
he hates breaking up like this and wants to talk things over with Nana.
What does he want to talk to her about?
Some excuses, perhaps?
No, it's not like I wanna make excuses to her...
It's just, I think I should properly apologize to her.
Not a good idea! If you have no intention
of getting back together with Nana, you should clearly end this relationship!
You've gotta realize it's your attitude, trying to hold on to them both,
that hurt both Nana and Sachiko.
You still haven't learned your lesson!
I don't think you wanna apologize to Nana out of kindness.
By apologizing, you just wanna feel better about yourself.
Kyosuke, you're being just as blunt, you know.
Yeah? It's ok. My motto is to be kind to women, strict toward men.
Nobo. I'll leave the money here.
You running away?
No. You're absolutely right.
So on that note, I'm gonna disappear.
Where to?
What are these flowers?
Don't worry about it. Bye.
Oh, Shoji!
What?
Please, just let me leave.
That hat belongs to the store.
Thank you very much.
That was lame.
Apparently, it's his girlfriend's birthday.
Sachiko's? Oh, so that's what the flowers were for.
He was saying she's at work now, but it'll be her birthday at midnight
so he wanted to be the first to wish her a Happy Birthday.
That kid's got a kind heart.
Well, well. He's being all lovey-dovey where we can't see him.
Good for him. That's how it should be, for Sachiko's sake.
Oh, hello.
The main issue is with Nana. Especially with you lecturing her.
I just hope she's still alive.
She'll be fine! Tomorrow's the day of her roommate's live concert.
She was really looking forward to that, so she'll be alive until then.
Besides, I promised her that we'd drive her there in the evening.
But she might die after that.
Farewell.
Then that'll probably also mean the end of this series.
And I was so thrilled that I started crying!
It's the first row!
The first row at a Trapnest concert!
I get to see Takumi in person from that close!
I feel so great I could just die!
Farewell.
But I can't do that. If I die, I won't see him.
So there's no way I can die until then.
- Thank goodness for that. - Thank goodness for that.
Hey, if by any chance Nana can't come along,
you wanna come with me, Jun-chan?
Well... even in the front row, I'm not particularly a fan of Trapnest.
Why not go? It's just a live concert.
That's no fun.
That's exactly what Nana said. She says I'll come if I'm in the mood,
then learning that the concert hall's far away, says, that's such a drag.
Far away? Where exactly is it?
At the Idea Hall.
Idea Hall? You mean that place back home?
Mhm!
What's the? Why didn't you get tickets to the Tokyo performance?
Because back when I ordered them
I still wasn't sure if I'd be able to come to Tokyo.
On top of that, given the popularity of Trapnest,
even fan club members have a hard time getting tickets for the Tokyo live.
It would be totally sad if I couldn't get seats.
But I'm assured of getting two seats together for the live back home.
And I figured I'd see them better than from seats in Tokyo's bigger concert hall.
I'm not going! It would be such a drag.
How come? You could also visit your folks,
so you'd be killing two birds with one stone.
I don't wanna visit my folks! They'd only put me to work in those rice fields!
Fine, then. I'll ask Nana again.
She may talk in an unfriendly tone, but inside, she's really kind.
I'm sure she'll agree to come.
You know, I'd think twice about pressuring her to go.
Why not find a guy who's a Trapnest fan and go with him?
Yeah.
You'll have a new boyfriend and you get to go to the concert.
That's killing two birds with one stone.
I don't wanna boyfriend. I'm through with love.
What are we gonna do?
You take love away from Nana, and she's got nothing left.
I have Nana, after all.
As long as I'm with Nana, I won't feel lonely.
Since we're both women, we can be ourselves in front of each other.
There's no need to be jealous.
We can always be together without worrying about that kinda stuff.
In comparison, love is tiresome, hurtful, and never lasts. I've had enough of it.
What I want is not a boyfriend.
I want a knight who will protect me.
But I know very well that,
in the real world, such a person doesn't exist.
- This is loud! - This is loud!
No way, it's a full house!
I want to see them from the very front! We should've come sooner!
What kind of event is this, anyway?! Punk Night?!
They're all punk bands?!
What a dull title.
I think Nana's band is after this one! I'm gonna force my way to the front!
Hey, Nana, do you want a drink?
I don't want one! It'll only get in the way!
Ow!
Oh, no, I can't get through!
What is this weird vibe? I can't get into mood.
That singer's not at all cool.
Thanks!
You need to lose a bit of weight, mate.
I guess they're finished.
Nana's next. This is my chance to get closer.
Hey, wanna stick around for the next one?
Black Stones? Don't know them.
BLAST for short? How lame.
How dare you?!
Let's go outside for a smoke.
The main guys have already performed. Let's go home!
Let's go for a drink.
How come? Wait a minute, everyone, don't leave yet.
Hey, have you heard?!
The next band is super cool!
What a cute girl.
Yes, I know! BLAST is really cool!
There's a girl who's into it.
Especially the vocalist, Nana! She's so powerful for a young woman!
Really? Is the next band a girl band?
Ah, no. The vocalist is a woman,
but the drummer and guitarist play like pros.
This is their first live in Tokyo
but they were quite famous back in their hometown.
- Wanna check them out? - Sure.
These blonde curls are really cute. Are they fake?
No, they're real.
Who is this girl?
Hey, you know, I hear the next band is pretty good.
Huh? Really?
Why not stay just for the beginning?
Hey, they're saying that the next band's really great. Let's hear them play.
They're really great? In that case, let's hear them.
Are they?
Well, I don't know, but...
If they don't perform well, this could be embarrassing.
Looks like a lot of the people have returned.
- Um... - They're coming!
What am I gonna do?
I'm getting really nervous.
My heart is beating so hard, it could tear.
Hey, look at them. That band looks really hot.
Yeah, but a band should be credited, not for its looks, but for its sound.
What's this? The floor is shaking.
Nana!
Good evening. We're BLAST.
Back home, she had some dedicated fans.
She was like a celebrity.
It was enough just to stand on my own two feet.
I felt that I was being left behind.
Nana's songs all seemed to consist of that same message.
I feel my eyes tearing up.
That's exactly how I'm feeling.
Don't leave me behind, Nana.
What a surprise!
You guys are really talented!
The other performances that came up after you all
looked like those played by children in a school band.
Sure your sound is great. But how do I put this.
You guys had this great aura emitting from you when you took that stage.
Anyway, you were awesome.
Thank you, Mr. Kyosuke, Ms. Junko.
You can drop the Mr Nobu. We're the same age as you, after all.
Really? You are?
You're really mature, so I expected you to be about the same age as Yasu.
You're the one who acts like a kid for his age, Nobu.
You're pretty cool as long as you don't talk.
That's a good call to have you not talk while on stage.
Um, Miss Komatsu. Do you have plates we can use to divide this for everyone?
Oh, we don't have enough plates. Just serve it like that.
- Okay. - Misato!
What did you make?
Some vinegared dish and salad.
I figured you'd want something light after the concert.
Far out! You sure are thoughtful, Misato.
Leave the rest to Hachiko. Come chat with us.
- But... - It's fine, it's fine.
- There aren't enough seats. Nobu, move. - Yes.
What about my seat?
Did you come all the way out here just to see them perform?
- Yes. - You look so cute in that apron.
Shin, that's my apron!
That's great. You already have such dedicated fans.
But I'm surprised that you found out about the live concert.
We got this on a last minute call to fill in an opening.
Nana called me and told me about it.
Is that so?
I just wanted to inform her. I never expected her to actually come.
Should I not have come?!
Why would you think that? I'm happy you came.
Have a seat.
Thank you!
What's with that Should I not have come? nonsense?
That sounds stupid.
Does that girl seriously like Nana?
She was crying a lot at the live.
But they're both women. That's just weird.
- I never imagined I'd feel any jealousy. - These blonde curls are really nice.
I may be the weird one.
That's really cute.
Well then, see you. Good night.
Good luck with your band!
Hey Nobu, get up. We're leaving.
No way. I don't feel well.
Nobu really can't take alcohol.
And you're too unaffected by alcohol.
Hey, Nana. Let's let Nobu crash here.
Sure, as you wish.
Well...
I should be going now.
Huh? Where are you going, Misato?
I've booked a room in a hotel near Tokyo Station.
Really? Then why don't I get a taxi and take you there?
What a relief. I thought she was planning on staying here.
Cancel the hotel room. Just stay here.
That's right. You came all the way here, after all.
No, it's okay. I couldn't.
There's no need to hesitate. Nobu! It's decided. You go home now.
If you stay here, Misato won't be safe.
That's not fair!
Then I'll stay at Nobu's place tonight.
I can't sleep.
Sure I know Nana's not the type that would force herself on another woman,
but what if Misato's into that sorta thing?
Maybe they'll get carried away.
Nana was kinda drunk. Her being in such a good mood is proof she's drunk.
But how do two women do it?
I guess Nana would be on top...
Oh, no! I almost imagined it! I'd better find myself a boyfriend!
Sexually deprived
Sexually deprived I need to be touched. Both mentally and physically.
That's why I'm having these inexplicable feelings.
I really am in need of a kind man who will take good care of me.
But it's such a burden going through the process of finding a boyfriend.
And falling in love is exhausting.
In the first place, I get too involved when I fall in love.
I'm so involved that I lose sight of everything.
That's why things don't work out.
It was like that with Mr. Asano too...
I can't picture his face anymore.
And I really liked him. And with Shoji too.
I don't wanna think about Shoji now. I don't wanna remember anything.
In the meantime, how am I gonna spend the day tomorrow?
As long as I have work, I've got something else to put my mind on.
But I don't work until the day after tomorrow.
On the other hand, if I think I've gotta put up with Ms. Sakagami
telling me how useless I am, I really don't wanna go.
I wanna look for another job and quit this one right away.
No matter how I think it through, I'm just not suited for that workplace.
But I wonder, is there such a place in this world I'm suited for?
I envy Nana.
Good morning! I'm going to the amusement park with Misato! I'll bet you're envious! Ha ha ha!
Why not ask me out?! I wanna go to the amusement park, too!
Anyway, I'm going out.
I know. I'll go shopping. I'll buy clothes, and make up, and everything I want.
I'm going on a shopping spree.
But I don't have any money.
I put that 300,000 yen my mom gave me in a CD deposit.
Hello.
The interest rate isn't that great.
- I shouldn't have done it. - Um,
- I no longer care about - if you're looking for that color...
that detached home with a yard!
M-Miss?
Why is the city full of couples on holidays?
I'm going home.
It's already seven o'clock.
I hardly did anything today.
Yet I'm really hungry. What should I do about dinner?
Oh, I know. I'll go to Jackson's.
The people there know me, so I won't be lonely even if I go alone.
But Shoji also hangs out there.
I changed my mind.
I'll go to the supermarket and buy something to cook.
I've gotta spend less.
Misato's in high school, so she's got classes from tomorrow.
I'm sure she's on the train returning home about now.
Then Nana could be back soon.
The ground meat's on sale. I'll make hamburgers.
Why must I run into her here? Does she live around here too?
Or maybe she's about to go to Shoji's place... and cook in that kitchen...
You're home, Hachiko. Where'd you go?
Hello. Great timing. I just finished preparing dinner.
Look at her. Isn't Misato super cute?
Nana bought this for me.
Wha?
Stop taking them away.
Hachi?
Everyone's taking away my places of comfort.
Is this girl gonna stay here tonight, too?
This is my home, too!
So don't just do as you please, Nana!
That moment, I was convinced Nana would be furious.
But she had the expression of a scolded child.
Every time I think back about it, it hurts me.
Back then, if I were a bit more mature,
and a bit more understanding of your weaknesses,
would our future have been different?
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
