Wanting to make someone smile is a wonderful thing, isn't it?
That's what being an Undine is all about!
But how do I do that? That's what being an Undine is all about!
But how do I do that?
What makes you two smile?
For me, it's when I eat something delicious.
When Akira praises me!
When President Maa smiles.
Stop right there! When President Maa smiles.
Stop right there!
That's actually kind of scary...
Dear Ai, the days continue to be warm here in Neo-Venezia,
so it's safe to say early summer has arrived.
Starting next month, I'll have to say goodbye to my winter uniform for a while.
I'm looking forward to it, but I'm also a little sad about it, so it's a mysterious feeling.
It smells delicious.
I'm quite proud of this dish. It has cheese in it!
My, my. I'm looking forward to it.
Thank you for waiting, President Aria.
President Aria, you don't seem like your usual self.
Are you reading the Nyan Nyan Puu comic strip like you always do?
Huh? You're not?
This is... an article about the Ca' d'Oro?
Let's see...
The Ca' d'Oro, a Gothic architectural masterpiece brought directly from Manhome's Venice...
You were reading this article? That's our President!
Nyan Nyan Puu Perfect Guide Book coming soon?
My, my, President Aria. You're in a good mood this morning.
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
Good morning, Aika!
You're late!
Those Feelings Within...
I read that article about the restoration work this morning, too.
It's because so many of the buildings in this city were brought from Manhome.
Like the Teatro La Fenice and the Accademia di Belle Arti, right?
There's also the Basilica di Santa Maria della Salute.
There's another church too, the Basilica di San Giorgio Maggiore.
And the Chiesa del Redentore.
Speaking of buildings brought over from Manhome, Caffe Florian was brought over too, right?
Yes. You can really get a sense of its long history from the beautiful rooms inside.
Oh, really? I wish I could see it.
Wha-?! You've never been inside?
Yeah.
That's really surprising since you're friends with the owner, Akari.
Since we're on the subject, why don't we go have some tea?
Good idea. Let's go there for our break.
Yay! I get to see the inside!
I can't wait, President Aria!
P-President Aria?
What's the matter, President Aria? Are you all right?
Oh yeah, last month they started restoration work on this building too, didn't they?
Wow... Those are such big paintings...
A student from the Neo-Venezia Art University did the artwork on the scaffold wraps.
A student did?
Students had to submit their designs, and then the student who was chosen got to paint the wraps.
I heard it was really competitive.
Because in a sense, the wraps will be the city's face while they do the restoration.
Once the restoration work is complete, there won't be a use for them anymore, right?
But even if it's just for a short while, they'll delight everyone, visitors and locals alike.
So in a way, it's Neo-Venezia's very own method of showing hospitality. How wonderful!
No sappy lines allowed!
Huh?!
What is it, Junior?
There's a bunch of people over there.
I wonder if they're selling something?
Let's go see!
Here you go. Thank you very much.
How cute!
Are those bottled sweets?
I'd like one, please. Are those bottled sweets?
I'd like one, please.
Huh? That guy...
Here you go. Thank you. Huh? That guy...
Here you go. Thank you. Isn't he a patissier at the Hotel Appresso's restaurant?
Isn't he a patissier at the Hotel Appresso's restaurant?
Thank you! Isn't he a patissier at the Hotel Appresso's restaurant?
Isn't he a patissier at the Hotel Appresso's restaurant?
Do you know him, Aika?
Himeya has a partnership with that hotel.
It's so cute! Himeya has a partnership with that hotel.
Himeya has a partnership with that hotel.
I've seen him there before.
I wonder why he's selling sweets here, then?
Maybe he quit his job at the hotel?
Here you go.
Thanks!
The children are all smiles.
Ah! You want one too, don't you, Junior? Should I buy one for our toddler friend?
You're the one who wants some, Aika. After all, your brain age is really equal to a child.
Wha-?!
I'd like one, please.
One, is it?
Here you go.
Thank you!
I think I'll buy some and send it to Ai.
Oh, look at what you've done.
Come now, stop crying.
Are you all right?
I'm sorry.
Please don't touch it!
It's glass, so it's dangerous, Miss Undine.
I'll clean it up right away, so please just leave it there.
Okay.
Here. I'll give you a new bottle of chocolates. So don't cry, okay?
But it was his fault...
It's no problem.
Here you go.
Okay. Here you go.
Okay.
Thank you, Mr. Chocolate Maker.
I'm really sorry.
Not at all.
Be careful this time, okay?
Okay!
Don't drop it again.
Okay! Don't drop it again.
Okay! Come on, hold it tightly.
Come on, hold it tightly.
I feel kind of sorry for the chocolates...
Akari...
It can't be helped. The bottle's broken.
Here you go.
Thank you very much. These chocolates are really cute.
Thank you.
Let's send them to Ai right away, President Aria.
One, please.
One, please.
Ah! I can't wait!
How wonderful! I didn't know there were so many paintings inside!
This is the Oriental Room.
Each room has its own theme, like the Room of the Illustrious Men and the Room of Seasons.
Oh?
Thank you for waiting.
Here is your caffe latte and hot milk.
It's delicious.
The original caffe latte is the best, isn't it?
It's really delicious.
The entire cafe is like an art museum.
You can hear the music coming in from outside...
Hey, Akari. Settle down.
But, but!
Just thinking about the number of people who sat in this chair and used this table is so exciting!
Oh. Hello, ladies.
Hello. Hello, Mr. Owner.
Hello, Mr. Owner.
I see you're having tea in here, even though it's beautiful outside.
Yes. It's because I've never actually been inside the cafe before.
How does the original caffe latte taste while sitting inside?
It's delicious! I think it has a slightly different taste.
It tastes the same either way, you know.
But, but! There is a difference!
Now that we're all refreshed, shall we go back and study, then?
Sounds good. Okay!
The patissier from earlier... He's gone.
You're right.
Yeah.
Maybe he closed up shop for today?
You're probably right.
Looks like the restoration work for Ca' d'Oro started today.
Ah, you're right. The scaffolding has already been set up.
Get well, and show us your magnificent facade again soon.
That person...
What's the matter, Akari?
I just saw that patissier from the other day.
Oh, the one who was selling chocolates?
I haven't seen him in Piazza San Marco since that day.
I went to go buy chocolates after school the day before yesterday, but his shop wasn't there.
Come to think of it, I saw him in front of Palazzo Grimani yesterday.
He was just staring at the building.
He was staring at Ca' d'Oro just now, as well.
I wonder if he quit making sweets, and is researching buildings now?
Here you go, President Aria.
I wonder if he's not going to sell chocolates anymore?
Sir, Ma'am, the bridge we're about to pass under is the Ponte dell' Accademia.
It's a reconstruction of a bridge that used to be in Manhome's Venice.
It looks like it's made of wood, but the structure is actually made of steel.
I see...
It's headstrong, just like you.
You think so?
I sure do!
Okay then, let's take a picture with Ponte dell' Accademia in the background.
Akari?
Is something wrong?
No, I'm sorry.
Well then, ready? Say, Campanile!
Thank you for all the wonderful memories today.
The pleasure was ours.
Thank you very much.
I'd love to come again.
When we do, please guide us again.
We'll be looking forward to it.
See you.
Akari, you can take the rest of the day off.
I'm going straight to the Gondola Association for a meeting now.
Ah, okay.
Bye!
See you later!
President Aria, would it be all right if we stopped by Piazza San Marco?
The chocolate shop isn't here today, either.
You're right. Let's go see the main piazza, too.
Mr. Patissier?
President Aria!
This place never ceases to amaze me.
I get so excited just looking at all the different rooms.
Excuse me, Mr. Patissier?
That's it!
Ah, Miss Undine.
Ah, hello.
I'm glad to see you again. It's all thanks to you!
Huh?
If you'd like... Let's see...
Could you stop by Piazza San Marco tomorrow afternoon?
There's something I'd like to give you.
There's so much I wanted to ask him, too...
Maybe he isn't here yet?
Miss Undine!
Mr. Patissier!
You're going to reopen your shop?
Yes, and it's all thanks to you.
They're so cute!
Remember how you said you felt sorry for the chocolates when the bottle broke?
When I heard that, I thought...
I want to make my customers smile.
Those chocolates were made with love, so it's sad...
I thought, When did I forget that feeling?
Chocolates made with love...
Yes. I was able to remember that, thanks to you.
I thought you had closed your shop for good.
Sorry for making you worry.
I was trying to come up with another way to make people smile, and a better method of sharing it.
Then, yesterday it hit me.
What if I used all sorts of different wrapping papers?
Sort of like how there are all sorts of different buildings in this city.
Ah, is that why you were at Ca' d'Oro and Ponte dell' Accademia yesterday?
It seems like you always catch me at the most unflattering moments.
Yeah. When I'm out of ideas, I walk around the city until I get tired.
When I do that, somehow it's easier to come up with something good.
Neo-Venezia gives you hints, doesn't it?
Please, pick any two you like, for you and your cat.
Eh? But...
Take it as a token of my appreciation.
Okay...
Thank you very much.
Then, I'll take this one, and this one...
Ah... It feels like such a waste to even open the wrapping!
Don't say that. I'd feel sorry for the chocolates if you didn't eat them.
You're right.
I know!
It's still a little early to set up shop, so may I treat you two to a caffe latte?
No matter how often you come here, it's still beautiful, isn't it?
Yeah. I always stop by Caffe Florian after I close my shop.
When I look at the paintings, it somehow puts me at ease.
It really does, doesn't it?
Hello.
Ah, hello!
You're the gentleman who's always here...
Do you two know each other?
He's the owner of this cafe.
Eh, really?! I had no idea!
Do you like the paintings in here?
Yes. Every painting is magnificent.
This entire cafe, interior and all, was dismantled and brought over before Venice was submerged.
All the paintings are the originals from back then.
So they're that old...
You must take very good care of them.
Well, these paintings belong here, after all.
They belong here?
It's just a simple phrase, but there's a lot of meaning in those words.
Yeah.
I see...
The things people create are filled with the emotion of their makers.
That's why they get passed down, don't they?
They're cherished, and they belong...
Your chocolates are the same way, Anri!
Whether it's a big building or a small bundle of chocolates,
they're both the same because they were made with love!
That's why they make everyone smile!
I see...
Then, if my chocolates become something that belongs in this city...
I'm sure they will! They'll be something wonderful that belongs here!
Thank you. I'll do my best.
Then, in celebration of Neo-Venezia's newest addition,
may I treat you to some of Caffe Florian's special cioccolata?
Yay!
Thank you very much.
Thank you for treating us.
Thank you very much.
Please come back anytime.
Ah! It's Mr. Chocolate Maker!
You haven't been around lately. What happened?
I'm sorry. I'm about to open my shop, so please wait just a little longer.
Here you go.
Thank you.
I want one, too.
Dear Ai, something new and wonderful that belongs in Neo-Venezia has just been born.
They're chocolates that are incredibly sweet, and really cute.
Thank you for the chocolates, Akari!
They taste so delicious because the patissier made them with love, right?
It's so sweet!
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
