Nana!
Shoji!
Hold... me!
What's with that face?
I'm sorry about earlier. I said stuff I shouldn't have.
Don't worry about it.
That killed the mood!
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Jun-chan, you've gotta hear this. You know what Shoji!
Good night.
Room 707? Give me a break!
What are you talking to yourself for?
That's scary.
I'm not talking to myself. I'm talking to Demon Lord.
That's even scarier!
Damn, I'm tired from running around.
You really are troublesome.
It's your fault for leaving me all alone!
Why, at a time like this, must I speak like a bitch?
I wanna always be the cute girl when with the man I like.
I can't stand this.
Perhaps it's too late now.
I've shown Shoji things about me that are less attractive,
and here we're in a room together and there's no longer that sense of nervousness.
He's just gone right off to sleep.
You know, Nana...
The truth is, I really want to bring you to Tokyo with me.
But, you know, I don't have a job.
I'm not even a University student, just studying to enter one.
If you were on the verge of life and death,
I could do nothing to help you.
That's hard for a man.
I want you to understand that.
Then...
Then I'll stay back home,
find a job and save up money to come to Tokyo!
Then, after one year, you pass the University entrance exam,
I'll come to Tokyo too.
Then I'll find a job here and work hard so that I can make it on my own!
Would it be okay then?
Then I must pass next year, no matter what.
Just watch me, Demon Lord!
All right!
Now that we've made up, why don't we sleep together for a change?
What do you mean by that?!
For a change suggests we've done this in the past!
We haven't even kissed yet!
It's okay if you don't want to. I've become used to holding back.
Doesn't it cross his mind that it might be nice to build the mood?
Never mind.
Don't jump to conclusions on your own!
Oh? Then why don't you share your opinion on this subject?
Huh? Well...
Then, if you tell me that you love me,
I'll sleep with you.
Love?
You've gotta realize this isn't about who says what!
You can't expect a Japanese man to say that!
But I have never had anyone say those words to me in my life.
I'd be happy to hear it just once.
What's the point if it's said because you asked?
Never mind.
All right, you win.
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do. I'll say it.
I'll just think of myself as an American.
My name's Michael.
Who's that?
Do I hafta sleep with some mysterious foreigner?
I won't sleep with anyone but Shoji.
I'm gonna make some tea, okay?
So would you prefer green tea or brown tea, Michael?
Nana.
Shoji, I know you said it...
inside your heart.
You told me that you love me.
So you heard it.
I wanted to have a happy love.
Romantic and dramatic like in the movies.
But during the summer of seventeen, I became a woman
and learned that dating men isn't so sweet like on the big screen.
Or so I thought.
But that evening, my body was melting away
with the sweet taste of happiness.
I wonder if things are all right between those two.
I'm a bit worried.
But they can't rely on their friends to bring them back together.
They're not junior high school kids. Right?
Don't just leave me here talking to myself.
Good night.
A woman's life isn't so bad after all, is it, Jun-chan?
But it's long distance.
Huh?
Nothing. That'll be three hundred yen for the late return.
Ah, right.
Nana.
Wanna have dinner with me tonight?
Mr. Nakamura. That would be a problem.
You may have finally woken up to my beauty,
but it's too late now, Nakamura.
What's the big deal? It's just dinner.
And he's not serious.
Aren't you lonely with your boyfriend having moved to Tokyo?
And he's a pest.
But you had a crush on me.
You've got the wrong person!
Should I quit that job? But it pays pretty good.
I hafta hurry and save money, so that I can move to Tokyo.
I can't wait until next spring!
Yes, this is Nana!
Shoji! I'm doing great!
Nana Komatsu. I'm 19 years old.
I have a boyfriend, but we're in a long-distance relationship.
I'll show you, Demon Lord!
I don't know where I was born.
I've never seen my father,
and I've long forgotten what my mother looks like.
I came to this coastal city when I was four,
where I was raised by my grandmother who owns a little restaurant.
She had nothing but sarcastic remarks for me.
Right now, I work long hours while polishing the shards of my dream.
Good evening! We're Blast.
Thank you!
It's cold!
It's too cold!
They're coming!
No way!
Everyone was waiting out here in this freezing cold?
Thanks a lot for today.
Nana! Your performance was the best!
Thank you.
Nana! I have a present for you.
What is it? Vivienne Westwood? You sure it's okay, Misato?
You...
You remembered my name?
Of course, because you're always there when we're performing live.
Nana, your birthday was last week, right?
That's a birthday present for you! Happy eighteenth birthday!
Thank you.
Yay! I got Vivienne Westwood!
Izakaya - Japanese pub
Izakaya - Japanese pub Okay then, here's to today's successful show.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
We were by far the best in tonight's battle of the bands, right?
Most of the audience came to see us.
I never imagined such a day would come
when I'd be so popular with women.
But they all come dressed as Nana. It's kinda scary, if you ask me.
Wow, it's a jacket. I'm touched!
I'll bet the other fans are strangling that girl about now.
A significant investment for one kiss from me.
Demon!
Excuse me, I'll have another!
Nobu, stop it already. Your graduation is tomorrow, right?
Aren't you attending graduation, Nana?
Well, excuse me for dropping out of high school!
What's up with that? I only finished junior high.
Why are you bragging about it?!
The national university student's laughing. Rub it in, will you?
Still I would've liked to see Nana in her school uniform.
Did you wear those loose socks, too?
Don't go there, Yassan.
She was one terrifying girl in school.
I was so scared I wouldn't dare talk to her.
Liar! You were always following me around!
You were really annoying!
What's that?
I became your friend
because you were always alone at school and looked lonely!
You should thank me for that!
Hurray for Blast!
It's no use. Let's just leave him and go home.
You think he'll die?
Yeah, he'll die.
I'll flag down a taxi and take him home.
Yassan, you sure have money.
You're not learning law for nothing, you lawyer-to-be.
Yasu, should Nana get thrown in jail,
make sure and defend her as her lawyer.
What do you take me for?! I'll never get caught.
- Did you do something wrong? - Wait, Ren.
I'll tell Nobu about that thing. So you tell Nana, okay?
About what?
The truth is,
the reason Yasu became a skinhead has to do with this bald spot he got.
In the end, those who laugh at the bald, cry as a bald!
Performing live is the best.
How can I put it... Orgasmic!
I come while on stage. There's no stopping it.
I'm glad for you.
Yup. It's awesome. It feels sooo good.
Even better than doing it with a man?
That depends on the man.
Wow, I'm freezing!
I'll catch a cold!
What would you do if I end up losing my precious voice?
Isn't there a hand warmer or something?
Those girls need a lesson on gift buying.
There has to be something we can use, like a scarf or something.
Found one!
- Awesome! - Awesome!
Ren Honjo Nana Osaki
Hey, Ren, do you remember?
There was a snowstorm the first time we met as well.
I remember.
Really?
It was at a Christmas live concert a few years ago.
Two years and three months ago.
You were wearing a red dress that day.
Was I? You don't even hafta remember the clothes I wore.
I couldn't forget it even if I wanted to.
You were the worst audience ever, for refusing to get into the mood.
What are you saying?!
You were in the very front
and just stood there with a cold look on your face.
I was thinking, What's up with her?
It pissed me off.
Then, after the show, you came backstage with Nobu.
The way you greeted me was pitiful.
All you said was, I'm Nana. Without even so much as a smile.
That was it.
Don't you have anything else to say?
Back then, there was so much going on, I was in a bad state.
Yeah. Because you got kicked outta school for selling yourself.
I was not! I was framed!
You're the one who took my virginity!
Sorry about that. Calm down.
But given your short temper,
I'm surprised that you didn't fight back.
I didn't have the energy to lose my temper back then.
Yeah. That certainly was the expression you had.
Besides, I wanted to quit school and get a job,
so I figured it worked out well.
But wasn't your nasty grandmother overworking you at the store?
What did you need the extra money for, to put up with that?
I wanted money.
And Grandma never gave me even a penny of allowance money.
It's not a laughing matter!
Yeah, yeah.
I told you before.
When I was four, my mother left me with Grandma and disappeared.
She gave birth to me without knowing who my father was.
Soon enough, I became a burden to her so she fled with another man.
Grandma had a habit of telling me
how she didn't want me growing up to be like my mother.
Therefore, I was never allowed to wear pink or red girlish clothes.
She said they were provocative colors that would seduce men.
When Grandma died, I was all alone.
I decided I'd use the money I earned to buy poor me a Christmas present.
Of all things, I bought myself a frilly red dress.
I excitedly wore it to the live concert that evening.
I was hiding the red dress under my coat and ran in the snowstorm.
He's my senior at school, two years older than me!
He's really cool!
I'll introduce you to him later.
Really, don't bother. I just came to have fun.
You'll see what I'm talking about when you meet and talk to him.
He's more level-headed than your average grownup.
He grew up in an orphanage, so I'm sure he's gone through hard times.
Ren was abandoned in the warehouse district by the harbor,
right after he was born.
It was apparently all over the news.
Nobuo, it's not nice to talk about such touchy issues of someone else.
It's all right. Ren boasts about it.
He does?
He brags that not too many people can say
they were in the news right after they were born.
On top of that, he actually lives in that warehouse district.
He says, This is my origin.
Ren is trying to become a professional musician.
So he says he's thankful for his scandalous past
because it attracts attention!
What's that all about? What a fool.
Why? That's pretty cool!
He's just trying to get sympathy by selling his unfortunate past.
That's so not cool.
But I was charmed by the man who appeared on stage.
Ren was abandoned in the warehouse district by the harbor.
Ren boasts about it.
What name do I give that feeling that was born that night?
Sweet words like love or adore just don't sound right.
Perhaps envy and irritation mixed in with jealousy.
And moreover desire.
Even now I get anxious.
Because sometimes I feel that this daily life,
living together with Ren, is nothing but a dream.
Ren was a bright light that lightened the boring life I lived until then.
But no matter how hard I try, he still remains outta my reach.
I wish we could do it in a bigger place.
You're right. This place is kinda small.
Not that. I mean performing on stage.
We have the fan base now.
Yeah, go for it.
I mean both of us.
By the way,
what was that thing Yasu was talking about as we were leaving.
He seemed kinda serious. Was it concerning the band?
Getting a bald spot is a serious matter.
Never mind. I'll hear about it from Yasu.
More importantly, I'd better take my medicine.
Can't live without it, huh? Junkie!
No way! It's the pill!
We'd be in trouble if I don't take it!
Since you won't do anything for prevention!
What are we going to do if I have a baby?!
Give birth, and we'll raise it.
I worked hard labor instead of going to high school,
so I've got lots of money.
One or two kids would be totally fine.
Fine with you, but not with me.
Right now I'd rather perform than raise kids.
Nana...
I'm going to Tokyo.
You live your life however you like.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
