No matter how close we are as friends,
and no matter how often I commute to the studio to see them practice,
bottom line, I am not a member of BLAST.
As I'm repeatedly reminded of that fact,
I'm left with the feeling of fear rather than loneliness.
Why am I so weak?
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
Shin, where did you forget your keys?
Ring, ring!
Wh-What?
Where's the woman?
Woman?
Good for you. You haven't brought one in.
Mind your own business.
I brought you breakfast, darling.
What the hell are you up to?
How do you expect me to eat all that, first thing in the morning?
I have cake, too.
I don't get it!
Here!
And a whole cake at that?
It's gotten cold,
so I'll warm it up in the microwave, okay?
What is all this?
You still don't get it? Boy, you're slow.
Wait, Nobu. Where are you going?
To thank her. Or actually, to apologize.
But it's still six in the morning!
Hachiko will still be asleep.
You're right.
She said she's working today,
so if you wanna apologize, do it in the evening.
Besides, you've got work during the day too, right?
Anyway, let's eat.
Today is Sunday the 29th of July.
The weather will be pleasant across the country.
However, in the Tokyo region,
there will likely be strong winds in the evening.
Coming up after the commercial break
is fortune-telling based on blood type.
You know, I've been thinking from before...
Hachi's a really good cook.
You think so? I think she's normal.
I'll leave the leftovers,
so share it with Shin, and have Yasu come over, too.
I'll tell him to drop by on his way back from work.
But don't you think it would be nicer for all of us
to go and see Hachi tonight?
We should also say hi to Misato while we're at it.
Do as you wish. I've got work tonight,
so I'll have some of this cake while I still have the chance.
But it would be a shame to cut it.
Let's take a picture of it.
Took one already.
Give it to me!
He didn't respond to the alarm clock, or the noise I made.
Takumi must be really tired.
And still, he agreed to see me.
I'm glad, but... I'm feeling a bit guilty.
SORRY TO BOTHER YOU DURING A BUSY TIME. THANKS. I'LL EMAIL YOU.
I thought that for Takumi,
I was just a convenient woman he could do it with whenever he pleased.
But as things stand,
I'm the one who's taking advantage of Takumi,
as a man who will hold me whenever I feel lonely.
I don't want it.
I said I don't want it!
I told you, I only came here because you gave me too much last time!
Then you can take this as an advance payment for the next time.
Sorry, Take. I was still asleep. Am I late?
I figured as much, so I told you to be ready at an earlier time.
Not to worry.
I brought you a change of clothes.
Oh, thanks.
I'll put them here,
so get ready while I go and get Reira checked out.
Huh?
Reira stayed here, too?
I heard you're not feeling well. You have a cold?
No, no. I just got carsick.
But I've never known you to have motion sickness before.
Are you worried?
Of course. If you break down, our entire band comes to a stop.
You'll cause problems for everyone. Don't forget to oil the joints.
Don't talk of me like some object!
Just a figure of speech. Then I'll drink it myself.
That day, my work involved selling milk at a supermarket.
It's a sweet and delicious milk...
- I wonder how much longer...produced in Hokkaido.
- I'll be repeating days like this. - Please give it a try.
It's a sweet and delicious milk...
- Days of no progress....produced in Hokkaido.
Huh? My keys aren't in here. Did Misato not go out today?
NANA KOMATSU FROM SEIICHI AND HARUE MIZUKOSHI
No way! From Mr. Mizukoshi? What is it?!
WE GOT MARRIED
He didn't hafta notify me about that.
That's so nice. I envy them.
I wanna hurry and get married, too. His wife is so cute.
He said he knew her since they were kids.
I want a cool childhood friend, too.
I don't care if I don't find a challenging job.
If I could just cook every day for someone I love,
that'd make me so happy.
But marriage is unthinkable with Takumi.
I should hurry up and put an end to this pathetic relationship
and start a real one.
But can a person like me find someone
who will love me for the rest of my life?
What if things keep going like this and I can't find anything to live for?
Am I gonna grow old and die alone?
- Huh? - We're celebrating.
They just got a contract with the record company!
We haven't signed it yet, though.
Like I said, what reason do you have to hesitate?
Well... There are a number of things.
Hachi!
I'm sorry. Your cake was delicious.
Shin.
Make me your wife.
Hey, Shin! What are you doing?!
Unable to play the guitar or piano,
I could never become a member of BLAST...
But no one can surpass the love I feel for BLAST and their music.
And I swear to this for as long as I live.
So for a straight-up punk band like us
will do better in the long run if we take our time
and go about on our own for a while, building a fan base,
rather than suddenly going big and signing with a record company.
Why?
Sure, there are many skilled artists as good as pros
who haven't signed a contract with a major label,
but if you're planning on going pro eventually anyway,
why do it in such a roundabout way?
You have an offer on the table from an industry leader.
You seem to know your music, Misato.
When it comes to going pro,
our Queen, for one, is feeling a sense of urgency,
and I had initially thought if we're gonna do this anyway,
why not go big and become pro?
However, after thinking it through some more...
Come on. You don't need to think things through that much.
I know you wanna be safe and tap a bridge before you cross it,
but too much tapping will cause it to collapse.
However, in the world of the major labels,
everything's driven by sales.
Even if you come up with a hit song,
unless you follow it up with another hit,
the public will be quick to desert you.
Once you're left with the image of being a one-hit wonder,
it'll be extremely difficult to make a comeback.
I see. In other words, you're saying
it would be better to get established first
by attracting fans that will stick with you,
and then switch to a major label once you've built that foundation.
That's right. Besides, with our current position,
we'd pretty much hafta agree to a contract that favors the record company.
Do you mean money?
No, various things.
But if we build a reputation, there will be more offers to go pro,
and we'd be able to choose among them
for one that provides the best conditions.
I don't care about the terms!
Let's go pro and take our chances from there!
We simply need to sell songs, right?!
That's right, that's right!
But to be honest, in your present state,
I don't believe you can write several marketable songs in a row.
Nonsense! Sure, he can! Like, he already has!
Think about it! I'm not a big fan of punk music,
and frankly, I've never been interested in punk music at all!
I only know the Sex Pistols
because I watched that movie, Sid and Nancy!
And even then, I was left with the feeling
that I don't really understand punk music!
Is that so?
I'm sorry.
But... I like the songs Nobu writes.
And it's not that I'm favoring his music because we're friends.
I've thought so ever since I heard his music for the first time.
I was totally surprised!
I was deeply moved!
It's so cool, it gave me goose bumps.
There is no way you won't sell.
You know... Hachi...
It's okay, I understand.
Thank you. Don't say another word.
I'm so happy I could cry.
But I also think you're capable of writing songs that will be popular.
Really?
With the original BLAST, Ren wrote most of the songs,
so I do believe the music appealed to only the hardcore fans.
But compared to Ren's music, Nobu's music is closer to pop.
With a little work, I think the music could gain support
from a wide range of listeners.
But Ren's songs are very popular with the general public.
That's because now he's writing songs to suit the Trapnest style,
as a professional.
Yeah. You're very knowledgeable, Misato.
I'm impressed.
I'm impressed with Ren.
He not only creates songs to suit the band,
but the songs he does write become major hits.
But the reason Trapnest's songs are so popular
has more to do with Takumi's arrangements.
No matter what kind of song, if it falls in Takumi's hands,
he can make it fit into Trapnest's style.
You know, I've always wondered,
doesn't Ren mind having Takumi completely change the music he writes?
I mean, don't most bands arrange their songs together?
I wouldn't wanna be ordered to play in a certain way.
He's listening to the opinions of others, it seems.
He seems to trust his band members.
In the past, Takumi used to write the songs too,
so it was a complete one-man band.
And that led to clashes, which is why back in their amateur days,
the band members kept changing, right?
Naoki is their second drummer and Ren is their fourth guitarist.
You really know all the details.
Anyone would be uncomfortable in such a band.
Of course, Ren knew all this when he joined Trapnest, right?
Yeah. But Ren supported Takumi's beliefs from the start.
What's this belief?
He'd say, I'm the only one who can create a sound
that would bring out the ultimate beauty in Reira's voice.
Oh, wow. I just thought for a moment how cool that was.
Me too.
But didn't it make you jealous,
having him talk about your girlfriend like that?
How do you know about that?
I believe there's very little data I don't know
when it comes to anything to do with local bands from my hometown.
I will stop at nothing until I know everything. It is my belief!
Is that so? But we split up a long time ago.
I know!
I had no idea.
Jealous? Should I be feeling jealous?
That's a strong bond we're talking about here.
They could even be a couple. It's Takumi we're talking about.
This is no time to be thinking how cool that sounded.
We kinda got off subject.
The issue here is not about Trapnest.
It's about the future of our band.
Oh, that's right. I'm sorry.
Geez. You always change the subject like that
whenever it turns to you.
I feel like there's something wrong with me for not being jealous.
But we shouldn't be making any decisions about the band
without Nana present.
That's right.
So, what time is Nana returning?
Oh, she said she'd be working, so she might not make it.
No way. Nana isn't coming?
I haven't seen her for days.
Well, I did see her on stage yesterday, but that's one-sided.
Hey, Hachi. We're outta wine. Will you go buy some?
But it's not safe alone, so take Nobu with you.
You go buy it yourself.
But I'm obviously under the age limit, so they won't sell me any.
It's okay, Hachi, I'll go alone.
Or rather, don't come.
That's no good.
You're borderline whether or not you look old enough.
But Hachi's looking sexier lately, so she'll be okay.
Sexier?
So go.
What am I gonna do?
If it's just the two of us, I don't know what I'm gonna say.
You know...
There's no point in me coming with you if you're gonna keep such a distance.
At least walk in front of me. I'd worry if I can't see you.
Right.
Actually, I'd rather not walk in front!
I feel uneasy about someone walking behind me!
Oh, sorry... but...
Is it okay if I walk next to you?
I'd rather you do that, please.
Thank you!
F-For what?
I thought you would never talk to me again.
So I'm glad that you came tonight.
What are you talking about?
That's nonsense. Of course I'll talk to you.
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing? You've done nothing wrong.
That's not true. The truth is, I'm a really horrible woman!
What do you mean horrible?
How horrible?
But it's true. You're idealizing me for sure, Nobu!
Otherwise, there's no way you'd fall in love with me!
Aren't you idealizing the creature known as woman a bit too much?
If you knew the real me, you'd be disappointed.
Don't you think that maybe
she was lonely from her break up with her boyfriend?
Then, disappoint me.
I want you to.
Because I don't know what else I can do to stop loving you.
Hey, Yasu, tell me the rest of the story we were talking about earlier.
So that I can learn from you.
What about?
About Reira.
Didn't you get jealous after hearing Takumi's beliefs?
Yeah, I got jealous. Real jealous.
Really?
I was jealous of his talent,
his confidence and his reckless personality.
Reira was in love with Takumi.
Even before we started going out, for some reason,
she liked to stick around me.
I'm a year older than her, so I was like an older brother to her.
Takumi has always been a womanizer, but he never approached Reira.
I guess you could say she was really important to him,
but only as his diva.
I love to sing, and would love to become a singing machine.
A machine that has no desire or feels any jealousy.
A high-performance machine that will never feel tired.
But if I throw away my emotions,
it would be impossible to sing beautifully, wouldn't it?
Being human is exhausting.
She captured my heart.
So then, I convinced her to give up on him
and go out with me.
You convinced her.
But then when I started dating her,
I felt even stronger that I could not compete against Takumi.
Looking back, I know it was just petty jealousy.
I couldn't bring myself to be there for Reira
when she had issues with the band
and when she was worried about moving to Tokyo.
I couldn't support her when she needed me the most.
So not surprisingly, we broke up.
But couldn't you support her now, Yasu?
No. I doubt she needs my support anymore.
And besides, my hands are full taking care of you guys right now.
I hafta say goodbye to Takumi.
If I can't do that, then I must free myself from these arms.
I can say goodbye, can't I? I can.
It'll be okay.
And this time for sure, I'll be really happy.
Because in these arms is all the future I ever wanted.
That's what I believe.
Where's Hachiko?
Oh, she went to buy some stuff.
Gimme a break. Did I just miss her again?
And after speeding to get here faster.
She'll be back soon.
She might be a while.
Why?
We sent her out with Nobu.
Really?! Way to go, Shin!
Don't come back until the morning! I'm counting on you, Nobuo!
Huh?!
But I thought Miss Hachiko has a boyfriend.
I bet 10,000 yen that they'll do it.
I bet 10,000 yen that they won't.
I bet 100 yen that he'll come before they even do it!
You're so cheap.
Hey, Nana.
The feelings I swore that night still remain unfaded in my heart.
Those shining dreams we had back then, please don't forget them.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
