Hey, what do you think of Akira?
She's the most levelheaded of the Three Great Water Fairies.
She's organized, dependable, and takes charge.
What's the matter?
Did something happen to Akira?
Well, it's more like nothing...
What do you mean by nothing?
You're really not making any sense. What do you mean by nothing?
You're really not making any sense.
I guess so. It's not something you two would understand.
Huh? Huh?
Dear Ai, it's been so warm here in Neo-Venezia lately that I find myself breaking into a sweat.
And also!
Today, we changed uniforms!
That's right! We switched into our summer clothes!
Oh yeah, Akari.
I heard you worked on a traghetto recently?
Yes, it was really fun.
After it was over, it motivated me to work even harder.
I can't afford to lose to you!
You're both really motivated.
Now that we've changed into our summer uniforms, let's give it all we've got during practice!
Okay!
Roger.
I wish I could see you and the others in your summer uniforms again.
I'm sure they'll be a breath of fresh air as Neo-Venezia changes seasons.
Oh my, Akari. Is that your summer uniform?
Yes! We switched our uniforms today!
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
That Keepsake Clover...
I heard a really good bakery opened around here somewhere...
Oh?
Oh? Oh?
I'll go ask that shopkeeper over there.
Excuse me!
Ah, no. That's not...
That voice!
Her voice is wonderful, no matter how many times you hear it.
It sure is. Her voice is wonderful, no matter how many times you hear it.
It sure is.
Now, back to work, back to work!
Her voice truly is heavenly, isn't it?
Th-That's right. Athena's singing voice is the one thing about her that's really amazing.
Wait!
That's...
Alicia!
Such graceful...
Oar control...
Wow, amazing!
Bravo!
Here you go.
Thank you, Miss.
Alicia is so wonderful! Alicia is so wonderful!
Back to work, back to work...
You know, no matter how many times I see her sculling...
She always has such wonderful, graceful, masterly oar control, doesn't she?
She sure does.
Thank you very much.
Athena and Alicia were both amazing just now, weren't they?
I really agree.
You're right. If only we had their incredible talents,
we'd be promoted to Primas in no time.
Yeah.
But I don't think Alicia's graceful demeanor and Athena's singing voice...
Those two were bestowed with natural talent. They're actually geniuses, don't you think?
True, Athena's voice is one in a hundred...
No, one in a thousand.
Well, you could say her clumsiness is one in a thousand, too.
Is something wrong, Aika?
Being so close to two such extraordinary Undines the whole time...
I wonder how Akira felt?
But Akira's really, really amazing, too.
That's right. She's the most levelheaded and hardworking of the three, don't you think?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
We're going right back to practice once we're done eating, okay?
Right!
Right! Right!
You're amazing, Alice!
Akari, you look lovely in your summer uniform.
Thank you very much!
Ah, Akari, you look nice and cool in that uniform!
Yes, it's very cool and comfortable.
Oh, you already switched to your summer uniform?
Yes!
As always, she's a genius at making friends. It looks nice on you, Akari!
As always, she's a genius at making friends. Yes, thank you very much!
She really looks happier than usual, too.
I am, because everyone could feel the coming of summer by seeing my uniform.
It feels as though I've become a part of Neo-Venezia's wonderful summer.
Enough! No sappy lines al... It feels as though I've become a part of Neo-Venezia's wonderful summer.
Enough! No sappy lines al...
What's the matter? Aren't you going to scold her today?
No sappy lines... allowed...
Those two were bestowed with natural talent. They're actually geniuses, don't you think?
See you, Aika!
Good work today!
I see...
Those two haven't realized.
You can be levelheaded...
But compared to being gifted with natural talent...
Are you still cleaning?! How many days has it been since you started?!
It can't be helped. I'm doing it a bit at a time, in between work.
Besides, your stuff is blocking the hallway!
It can't be helped. I'm cleaning, after all.
You're blocking traffic!
You're feisty today. Did something happen?
Excuse me...
I cordially decline...
I'm... not... going to... help...
You understand, don't you?
Cleaning your room is like cleaning your heart.
It feels great when it's clean, doesn't it?
We're not done yet.
Wow, you look young!
Oh, you found some nostalgic stuff there.
Akira's the only Single...
This photo is back from when Athena was promoted to a Prima.
Between the three of us, I was promoted last.
Pathetic, right?
How can you...
It was difficult, wasn't it? It was painful, wasn't it?!
I know you hate to lose...
So it definitely must have... hurt...
Unlike those two...
Working hard wasn't enough to make me a Prima.
That's why I ended up taking longer than those two.
That's all.
Wasn't it hard for you?
It sure was!
After getting left behind as the only Single, I was really depressed.
But you know what?
They're both great people...
Their rank and mine were two separate issues.
How can you be so strong?
What is it that gives you the strength...
Can I tell you an old story?
It was when Athena got promoted to Prima after Alicia.
Yeah, it was right after we took this photo.
Congratulations, Athena!
Thank you.
To think the day would come when Athena would become a Prima...
Ehh? My, my.
Just kidding!
Congratulations, Athena!
Thank you.
Now it's your turn, Akira.
Yup! Leave it to me!
They always say, Save the best for last!
Another beautiful day...
I wonder when it started?
My heart sinks when I smile in their presence.
This anxious feeling that I might get left behind... it refuses to leave me...
Those two really are amazing.
They were born with extraordinary gifts that I don't possess.
The sky is so blue...
Clover?
Just ordinary, three-leaf clovers...
I wonder if there's a four-leaf?
None.
I always tried not to think about it.
None.
Am I really one of the unblessed?
None, none!
There are blessed, special people who can become Primas...
None, none, none!
I have no heavenly gift...
Hey lady, are you looking for a four-leaf clover?
Ah, yeah...
If I recall correctly, she's the daughter of Himeya's owner...
Is there something on my face?
Ah, no...
Of course she wouldn't know who I am.
An ordinary Single Undine like me...
Hmm... Nope, none here.
You can tell there aren't any four-leaf clovers here because it's such a small flowerbed.
Why don't you give up?
You don't have what you don't have. It can't be helped.
Miss?
You don't have... what you don't have...
It's all right!
If you don't have something, all you need to do is make it!
See? A cute four-leaf clover, done!
I like this kind a lot better!
Look, this red rose petal is your heart.
Now you'll be okay, right, Miss?
At that moment, a girl much younger than I taught me something very precious.
If a genius is someone who's been bestowed with a gift from the heavens...
Yes... I'll become a prodigy!
What a great story!
I guess she doesn't remember. Makes sense, though.
Aika, you can have that bookmark if you want.
Eh? B-But isn't this your precious treasure?
Yup, and it's also an effective good luck charm for aspiring Primas.
I'll treasure it!
Ah, Akira, this red petal is from a rose, right?
Yeah.
Could this be where you got your alias Crimson Rose from?
Well, well, I wonder about that one!
Hey, Akari! Stop daydreaming!
Ah, sorry.
Junior, your face looks scary!
You need to smile more!
I-I know...
Geez, I'll do it, so just watch.
Okay, here we go!
Ah, sorry.
No one knows what their talents may be.
But I have something that no one can beat.
I have the best person in the world, the person I'm most proud of, by my side.
That's a wonderful miracle that Neo-Venezia itself created...
Ahh! I just said a sappy line!
No, I thought it! I was thinking it! I'm so embarrassed!
Not allowed! Not allowed! Not allowed, Aika!
No sappy lines allowed! No sappy lines allowed! Not allowed, Aika!
Calm down, Aika. No sappy lines allowed! No sappy lines allowed! Not allowed, Aika!
You're really not making any sense... No sappy lines allowed! No sappy lines allowed! Not allowed, Aika!
No sappy lines allowed!!
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
