Something seems off.
It just somehow felt that way.
What an incredible spirit,
What an incredible spirit, I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural game playing on the TV,
he's able to keep going despite giving up seven runs. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural game playing on the TV,
The second pitch is... I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural game playing on the TV,
but I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
And it's up... it's a left fly ball. One out. But I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
And it's up... it's a left fly ball. One out. Once I did, I kind of got the feeling
Once I did, I kind of got the feeling
The gap between the scores is big, Once I did, I kind of got the feeling
The gap between the scores is big, that Haruhi was going to start something.
But Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here. That Haruhi was going to start something.
But Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here. Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya
but Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here.
The passionate voices cheering
The passionate voices cheering Kyon, the phone's ringing.
From the third base bleachers haven't died down. Kyon, the phone's ringing.
From the third base bleachers haven't died down. I know, you don't have to tell me.
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru? I know, you don't have to tell me.
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru?
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru? You're not doing anything today, right?
That's true. You're not doing anything today, right?
That's true. We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. Be sure to show up.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out.
They still have hope.
They still have hope. I didn't even say anything...
I didn't even say anything...
Next, stepping up to the batter's box
Next, stepping up to the batter's box Kyon, the phone's ringing.
We have number four, Kashima, a senior. Kyon, the phone's ringing.
We have number four, Kashima, a senior. I know.
We have number four, Kashima, a senior.
We have number four, Kashima, a senior. What?
After last year's summer tournament, I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit, and plenty of money.
He was chosen to be part of the team that went to Cuba. I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit, and plenty of money.
And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
What?
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. What?
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there.
That was a good pitch.
That was a good pitch. I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. No, not quite.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. To be precise,
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. It felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
It felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
I guess it's what you would call deja vu.
It's a hit! And it's a big one! It's headed for left field... I guess it's what you would call deja vu.
And it's good!
It's a solo home run!
And with this, Jyonan's gotten their eighth run!
You're late, Kyon!
Show some more motivation!
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry I made you wait.
I just got here, too.
Okay, we're all here, so let's go.
Where are we going?
To the public swimming pool, of course!
Well, I guess that makes sense.
We have to do summer vacation-y things during our summer vacation!
We can never get back the time that we've lost!
And so we're going to do them now, during this,
our one and only summer as tenth graders!
By the way, we're going to the pool by bike.
Did you ride your bikes too?
No, the only two bikes we have are yours and mine.
Okay, are you ready?
Of course not!
I am!
Kyon, you'd better not lose to Koizumi.
This train is leaving the station!
Dammit!
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
Doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo That's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BOY kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
Tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
Jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
Kudaranai yarikara kette Kick away the boring ways of doing things,
subete wa atashi ga kimeru I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin And just keep going forward, no matter what
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) The idea of impossible
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
Mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
Hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want
Marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
Marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
Endless Eight
Kyon, we're about to go have fun. This is no time to be exhausted.
You're such a slacker.
Whose fault do you think this is?
Oh, the scent of chlorine. This really makes it feel like a pool!
Come on, time to go swimming! Let's race!
No diving It's dangerous
No diving It's dangerous Can't you read this sign?
Can't you read this sign?
Hurry up and get in! The water's warm so it feels fine!
That looks like fun.
This makes me smile, though.
Miss Suzumiya has some rather normal ways
of enjoying her time, don't you think?
Miss Suzumiya, laughing and having a good time like that,
isn't likely to shake up the world, after all.
I hope that's the case...
What's wrong?
Koizumi!
It's nothing...
It's probably just my imagination.
Because so much has happened since the beginning of spring,
I've become a little paranoid.
Come on, let's go swim.
Hey!
Hey now!
Take that!
Get back here!
I think it'd be better to call this a communal pool than a public pool.
This feeling...
It feels like I've seen this scene once before.
Where Nagato kind of looks like she's bored... and then...
Kyon!
Right, and then Haruhi shows up and says this...
These two are my brigade members.
They'll do anything you ask, so ask for anything you want!
Okay, let's have some fun! We're going to play water soccer.
Come on!
Well, deja vu isn't all that uncommon.
Here I go, Mikuru!
Okay!
I'm sorry!
Summer outing, pool, Bon festival, fireworks show, part-time job, stargazing...
Summer outing, pool, Bon festival, fireworks show, part-time job, stargazing... What is this?
What is this?
I thought about what we'll be doing from here on.
It's a schedule of how we'll spend
the rest of our short summer vacation.
We only have two weeks of summer vacation left.
And yet it feels like there are a lot of things we've yet to do.
But we've only got this much time left.
That's why we're going to pick up the pace!
Is there anything else you want to do, Mikuru?
Umm... I'd like to try goldfish scooping.
Okay! Goldfish scooping...
Pardon me for a moment.
Thank you.
Is there a place nearby having a Bon festival?
A fireworks show would work, too.
I'll check around.
Don't forget about the goldfish scooping!
It's Mikuru's sole request, after all.
Roger that.
Okay, Kyon. We're starting tomorrow!
Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya
The next morning, it was Haruhi that awoke me from my slumber.
They found a place that was holding a Bon festival.
It seems to be happening tonight at a public park.
Both Mikuru and Yuki said that they don't own a yukata.
So we're going to go buy some to wear tonight.
I don't own one either,
and there's a place selling them in sets for cheap!
You're coming too!
Haruhi entered a women's clothing outlet store.
She just went and chose yukata for Miss Asahina and Nagato,
and then headed straight for the changing rooms.
After making us wait about an hour or so...
(That'd make anyone yawn.)
The three of them finally came out at once.
Excellent!
You all look wonderful.
Of course! I chose these yukata, after all.
Especially Mikuru!
It's so cute on you! Just what you would expect from my choice!
Yes...
Miss Asahina... it's so good, Miss Asahina!
I guess it makes sense for there to be this many people.
Hmm? There it is again...
This feeling...
It's been a while since I've come to a Bon festival,
but it feels like I went to one recently.
That tower,
those vendors...
This is...
Mikuru!
They have goldfish scooping, just like you wanted!
This way!
Okay!
Shall we play, too?
I'll pass.
You're interested in that stuff?
Which one? I'll buy it...
It's all right.
- This one. - Right-o.
I kind of got the feeling that Nagato had been helping us out,
so I thought buying it for her would be appropriate, but...
Wow, what a haul!
Thirteen!
But I don't need so many, so I just kept one for each of us.
Huh?
What's with the mask, Yuki?
I bought it.
I see.
I need to use your back for a second.
What?
Just turn around!
Hey.
Now then, next up is fireworks!
Let's launch some fireworks to end the day!
Don't you understand the meaning of the word moderation?
It was summer, and summer vacation.
That's why I wanted to forget about it,
but there was one thing lingering in my mind.
Okay, everyone, tomorrow we'll be catching bugs!
This will be the SOS Brigade's Cicada Capturing Competition!
Whoever catches the most bugs
will get to be the brigade leader for one day!
Haruhi, it's fine to want to play around,
but are you finished with your summer homework?
What are you talking about?
You can finish homework like that in just three days.
Take care of all of that bothersome stuff
so you can have fun without having to worry about it.
That's how you enjoy your summer vacation!
Why is she so smart?
The next day was yet again a beautiful day.
It was on this day
that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
It looks like each of us did try, in their own way,
but of course, or something to that effect,
the winner ended up being Haruhi.
The next day, we met up,
even though we had no idea what was going on.
And we continued to have no idea what was going on,
even as we were made to wear frog costumes,
and pass out balloons in front of a supermarket as our part-time job.
Are you all right?
I thought I was going to die. Actually, I am going to die.
Thanks for the hard work, especially in this heat.
The manager is thankful.
I don't care about his thanks. Where's our pay?
This is it.
I've wanted this for a while.
The owner said that he'd give it to us for Mikuru's sake.
We worked for that?
Mikuru, you can wear it whenever you want. You have my permission!
Ribbit.
That night, a single phone call stole me away from my slumber.
Dammit.
Yes?
Whoa!
Kyon...
Is that you, Miss Asahina?
Yes, it's me...
Something... very not good has...
At this rate, I...
Umm...
Umm... Hello, this is Koizumi.
Hello, this is Koizumi.
Why are you with Miss Asahina?!
Certain circumstances came up.
Would it be possible for you to come join us right now?
Of course! I'll be right there!
What in the world happened, Miss Asahina?
Kyon... I can't return to the future!
Can't return?
Err... What do you mean, can't return?
In other words, this is what's going on.
We are going through an eternal loop of the same time period.
What?
We are going through an eternal loop of the same time period.
We are going through an eternal loop...
Koizumi, do you realize what you're saying?
I do. Much more than I wish I did.
I had just been speaking with Miss Asahina.
Call me too.
And as a result, what we realized was that recently,
the flow of time was a bit strange.
You might want to credit this to Miss Asahina.
Thanks to her, I was able to confirm it.
Confirm what?
That we have experienced the same span of time numerous times.
You said that earlier.
To be precise, we've been repeating the time
from August 17th to the 31 st.
We're in the middle of an endless summer vacation.
Well, we're certainly in the middle.
It's a never-ending endless summer.
This world has lost all time after September 1 st.
That is why Miss Asahina cannot return to the future.
I suppose you could say that it's natural
that she can't return to a future that doesn't exist.
Cut it out. What's natural about something as stupid as that?
Who'd believe it?
We'd like for you to believe it.
Umm... I'll explain, too.
Well... because of classified information,
I'm always contacting the future and classified information-ing,
but I hadn't received any classified information
for about a week or so, and I thought, that's strange.
And so I classified information...
I was so surprised, I tried to classified,
I was so surprised, I tried to classified, Miss Asahina, are your classifieds
but it was completely classified... Miss Asahina, are your classifieds
but it was completely classified... things that can't be said on TV?
Things that can't be said on TV?
Are we trapped inside one of those closed spaces?
That's not it.
A single portion of time has been torn away.
At exactly the point when it becomes midnight on August 31 st,
everything resets, and we go back to August 17th. That's the process.
So what about our... No, humanity's memories?
Those are reset as well. Everything starts over from the beginning.
So you mean that time does that thing that you mentioned.
Well, I guess it can't be helped.
Oh no, Miss Asahina isn't involved in this.
Okay, then, what is?
I would guess Miss Suzumiya.
I'm sure she doesn't realize it, but somewhere inside of her
is a desire to not let summer vacation end.
Do you mean she feels regret over something?
That's what I believe.
Perhaps she feels that there's something left
that she wants to do during our summer vacation?
Man, the hopeless situations she causes unfold on a galactic scale.
I've been wondering this since I got here,
but you seem awfully cheerful about this.
It's because we've finally been able to solve
the recent mysterious and frequent feelings of deja vu that I've had.
Now that I think about it, those inexplicable feelings may have been
remnants from when our memories have been reset.
You've been feeling them too, right?
Is it possible that other people across the world feel this, too?
You and I are a special case.
It appears that the people who are closest to Miss Suzumiya
are able to sense this strangeness.
What about Haruhi? Does she sense any of this at all?
Not at all, it seems. It would probably be bad for us if she did.
However, I believe that there is one person who remembers everything,
more than the deja vu that we do.
And who would that be?
I think you know.
Is that right, Nagato?
It is.
You remember all of it?
Yes.
So, how many times have we repeated all of this, this time?
This is the fifteen thousandth, four hundred and ninety-ninth time.
15,499?
What do you mean by 15,499? Nagato, what are you saying?
Are you serious?
I am.
You're saying that we've done the exact same things that many times?
They're not all guaranteed to happen.
Out of 15,499 repetitions, there are two occasions,
2,391 and 11,054, where we did not go to a Bon festival.
A pattern where we did go to a Bon festival,
but did not go to a goldfish scooping stand, occurred 437 times.
We've had a part-time job 9,026 times, and when we did,
there are six different kinds of jobs that we did.
In addition to handing out balloons,
we also worked as movers, cashiers, we handed out fliers,
worked as call center...
worked as call center... I got it, that's enough.
I got it, that's enough.
15,499 times, that's what Nagato said.
Times two weeks, hmm, that's around 594 years.
She alone has memories of all that time,
repeating it all over and over...
Nagato, how must it feel
to experience that same period of time over and over again?
I've heard yet another crazy story.
The next day we went stargazing.
The location was Nagato's apartment,
and the telescope was one that Koizumi had gotten for us.
I'm bored of this. UFOs. Let's look for UFOs.
Hey! Stop it, Haruhi, you'll break it!
Exactly what does she want to do?
Now what could that be?
If we could figure that out, this would all be solved...
How about trying this out?
Give Miss Suzumiya a sudden embrace from behind,
then whisper I love you into her ear.
And who would be doing that?
Is there anyone else who could fill the role other than you?
Consider me out.
All right, how about if I do it?
I'm kidding. I'm lacking a certain something for the role.
And all that would do is cause
unnecessary confusion in Miss Suzumiya.
We continued to run through a torrent of summer vacation events.
We went to a batting center,
to a real fireworks show,
and we even took part in a goby fishing tournament.
We also had a test of courage,
watched some movies,
went to the beach, went bowling,
and even to karaoke. We were always doing something.
Of course, I knew that this wasn't going to satisfy Haruhi.
Even still, there wasn't anything I could do about it,
and the last days of our summer vacation ticked away.
And so we ended up at August 30th...
With this, we've finished everything on our list.
Hmm. I wonder if this was good enough.
But, hmm, well... I guess this works.
Hey, is there anything else you want to do?
That's fine, then.
We were able to do a lot this summer,
so that's enough, right?
No, Haruhi... You're still not satisfied.
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case,
but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
Wait, Haruhi.
There it is again! That deja vu!
And it's a strong one, stronger than ever before.
I can't let Haruhi leave. If she goes,
we'll end up repeating these past two weeks
for the some-thousandth time again.
But what should I do?
What should I say?
There must have been a hint somewhere in what Haruhi said.
But what was it?
What has she said up to this point?
I don't know...
I can't remember...
August 31 st. I haven't touched my homework.
Whatever, it doesn't matter anymore.
If we're just going to do it all over again,
then there's no point to doing it.
Whether tomorrow comes or not,
I'll leave it to the me at that time to deal with it.
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
Subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
Hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
Yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
Kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
Tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
Touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
Nazenara That's because
Basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
Deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
Hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
Doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
Mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
Kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
