The biggest reason I chose that job was because,
unlike working in sales, I get weekends off.
I felt that I would then be able to spend more time with Shoji,
who's busy with school and work during the week.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
Kyosuke, have you ever been unfaithful to your partner?
You did it? With Sachiko?
The defendant shall just answer the question!
The defendant would be you.
I've never been unfaithful to my partner.
You liar!
During our senior year,
you're the dumbass who fooled around with several girls at the same time!
Was I?
Don't play stupid with me!
I know it all! There's that college girl you met at the club,
the nurse from the hospital you were taken to after that bike accident...
And Tamura's sister from class six.
You have a pretty good memory. I didn't know you were that jealous.
Anyway!
There's no way a cruel man
with such a past record would not cheat on his partner!
Are you that desperate for a partner in crime?
But that really brings back memories.
Those days were the peak of my popularity in my life.
My popularity with the girls has plummeted as of late.
Then if you were still popular, you'd fool around, right?
I wouldn't.
Why not? Because you're afraid of Junko?
Well sure, it's natural to be afraid of Junko,
being a former delinquent in school and all.
Because I'm afraid of losing Junko.
Check please.
Right away.
There's a woman there who totally pisses me off!
What do you call them? You know, like, a spinster?
Miss Komatsu, you can't even make a decent cup of tea.
You'll never make a good wife.
She's the one who can't find a husband, that thirty-eight year old bitch, Sakagami!
What's wrong, Shoji? You seem to be under the weather today.
Well, you know, I wish you wouldn't say stuff like bitch.
Did you pick that up from your foul-mouthed roommate?
But she really pisses me off!
It's only a small publishing company, but they have a ton of little side jobs!
They speak down at me, I've gotta work overtime
and I even had to come in both days this weekend
because of the approaching deadline!
So much for weekends off. I hate it. I wanna quit!
Then quit.
Don't say it so casually!
You just said you wanted to quit.
But it's not that easy. I haven't even worked there for a week yet,
and if I quit, there's no guarantee that I'd find another job right away.
And I can't make a living unless I work.
Then you've got no choice.
Well, it's easy for you, Shoji.
Bottom line, you're a carefree college student,
and your parents pay for your basic needs.
If you hadn't bought that computer, and you watch your expenses closer,
you'd have no problem getting by on what you get, right?
That was awful. Why am I like that?
Why can't I be a nice, cute girl in front of Shoji?
Unless he asks me to go home with him, we won't be able to make up.
Wanna come up? Nana's probably still at work.
No, it's okay. You have to get up early tomorrow to get to work.
Good night.
You're mad at me, so don't try to force a smile.
Unless you're direct with me, how am I supposed to apologize?
Miss Komatsu!
How long is it taking you to sort those postcards?
You really are slow!
Yes, excuse me Ms. Sakagami.
- this woman is a breath of fresh air - the editor in chief hire
- the way she's direct about everything... - such a useless girl?
although she still pisses me off.
The publishing company where I started working is located on
a floor of a multi-tenant building, in the heart of the big city.
A small company that issues information magazines targeted at
young men and women in their late teens and early twenties.
Since I'm the same age group as those targeted,
I came into this job thinking this would be the perfect workplace for me.
But my job here consists of...
cleaning, serving tea, taking copies, delivering manuscripts, and etc...
None of this has anything to do with the magazine itself.
Just simple jobs that anyone can do. But so much of it with no end in sight.
Ow, my feet hurt... From tomorrow, I'm wearing lower heels.
Editor in chief.
Yes?
Here are the illustration manuscripts from Mr. Noguchi.
Oh, thank you for your efforts. Nana, how about a drink tonight?
Not a good idea!
The editor in chief is on the verge of sexual harassment.
- The company employees are - Could you speak a little slower, please?
- mostly older men past their prime. - A little slower, please?
Nana-chin.
Make me some coffee.
The few young ones are all like that guy.
At the least comb your hair, 25-year-old Honda!
Miss Komatsu!
Can't you even make copies properly?!
They're all crooked!
I'm so sorry.
And the trains are so crowded.
What in the world is there to look forward to
as I make my way to the workplace daily?
I'm so exhausted!
Why is there no elevator in this seven story building?
Why? Why is it?
This must be why the rent is so cheap.
I'm home.
Hachiko!
Wh-What is it? Your smile is too bright.
A live show! A live show!
They had an opening in an upcoming event at Shimokita,
and they're letting us fill that spot and play.
Huh?
It's for thirty minutes on May 5th!
Yay!
Don't cry, Hachiko! We're gonna party today!
Hey, did you hear? On May 5th, Children's Day,
Sachiko Kawamura Hey, did you hear? On May 5th, Children's Day,
Hey, did you hear? On May 5th, Children's Day,
they're gonna decorate the kids' meals with little carp kites.
Look at this. Cute, don't you think?
Wow, this is really well made! This is great.
You want it?
Yeah, sorta.
But you can't have it. I got it as a birthday present from our boss.
Huh? It was your birthday?
Why didn't you say anything about it?
No, not yet. My birthday is on Children's Day.
I told him it's a shame I won't see them being served
because I won't be working that day,
then Boss gave it to me, saying it's a birthday present.
Oh, so that's it. I'm off in the evening that day,
so why don't we spend the evening together to celebrate?
Really?!
What do you want for your present? A chimaki, maybe?
I love chimakis.
Shoji, your cell phone.
Oh, sorry. I forgot to turn it off.
You should answer it.
Incoming call Nana You should answer it.
Incoming call Nana
Incoming call Nana - Ah, but... - It's from your girlfriend, right?
- Ah, but... - It's from your girlfriend, right?
If you keep ignoring her calls, she's gonna become suspicious.
I'll step outside.
Ah, then I'll go out...
Damn, what am I doing? Pathetic.
Hello?
Oh, Shoji! You're awake!
Guess what?! The date for Nana's band's first live has been decided!
Ah, r-really? That's great.
It's at 8 p.m. on May 5th. Can you make it?
The 5th?
Sorry. I can't make it on the 5th.
What? You can't?! You have work?
Yeah.
No way. Can't you do something about it?
No. You know, it gets extra busy on national holidays, so I've gotta work.
I'm really sorry. We'll do it some other time.
Sure.
On Children's Day, let's scatter some beans.
You're thinking of the Setsubun festivities, Shoji.
Stop looking. It's so distracting.
Well, I was thinking, Wow, what a good looking woman,
then I noticed it was you.
Huh?
You won't get anything from seducing me.
I don't really need anything. As long as I have you by my side.
What's gotten into you? You have food poisoning?
I forgot to tell you the eggs in the fridge are old.
You know, I've been wondering why people have a change of heart.
But the more I think about that, the tougher it is to take.
Oh?
I had forgotten all about Tamura from class six until Shoji brought her up.
Tamura from class six?
Unlike the other girls I went out with, I really fell in love with her.
And it really hurt when I found out she was only playing with me.
Whatever. Typical teen years.
You know, there's nothing we can do about Shoji.
What do you mean?
Don't tell me, he did it with Sachiko?
You know, I didn't think he was the kinda guy
who was capable of cheating, from a number of perspectives.
As far as I know, neither did I!
He's not just fooling around, either. He's serious about the other girl.
He's seriously fallen in love with Sachiko.
He's no longer able to think rationally or morally.
There's nothing we can do.
What's he gonna do about Nana?
I wonder. It's not as if anything's happened for him to dislike Nana.
I'm sure he continues to have feelings for her.
But he's gotta make things clear,
or else he'll end up hurting both Nana and Sachiko.
You're right, but that's based on your values.
I don't know much about Sachiko, but what would be best for Nana?
As long as she doesn't find out about it,
Shoji may be necessary for her even if he is seeing someone else.
Over time, Shoji's feelings for the other girl may cool.
You can't expect me to agree with that logic.
But just imagine for a minute.
Imagine Nana after she gets ditched by Shoji.
Frightening, don't you think? She might even slit her wrists.
I just hope Shoji is doing everything possible
to make sure Nana doesn't find out!
Can't be sure. It's really frightening.
Hello, Nana here. Oh, Jun-chan?
It's been a while. What's up?
Ah, Nana?
You're in the middle of work now, aren't you? Is it okay to talk?
Mhm. No problem. We met our deadline, so things are pretty peaceful here.
Hey, about that email you sent me regarding your roommate's live show.
Yeah, right! It's next Saturday! Can you come?
Mhm. I'll go with Kyosuke. So tell me how to get there.
The three of us can go together then.
Huh? The three of us? What about Shoji?
Shoji said he had to work and couldn't come.
Huh?
Hey, Jun-chan. Don't you think Shoji has been acting a little weird lately?
What do you mean?!
I just have this feeling.
You think so? He hasn't really changed at all.
But I get the feeling he's been avoiding me.
That's not true! You're imagining it!
But it seems that Shoji's seriously growing tired of me.
Well, you know, you mustn't make excuses about how busy you are.
As hard as it may be, try making the time to see him.
Show him that you really care and I'm sure he'll reconsider
his feelings for,., I mean his attitude towards you!
Oh, I see. You're right. I'll show him that I care. Yeah, I'll do my best.
Thanks, I'll call you later.
Come on, Ms. Sakagami. What are you doing here wasting time?
Please get back to work.
Why do I hafta take the fall for Shoji? This is all wrong.
But what else can I do?
Thank you very much!
Shoji!
I came.
Sorry for coming here without any notice.
Nice to meet you. I'm the bassist, Shin.
Hachi wouldn't shut up about wanting to see you.
We came all the way here, so you're paying.
Umm... Then allow me to show you to your table.
Please do.
This way, please.
No way. I'd rather sit at that window seat over there.
Why should it matter where we sit?
Huh? Where'd Shoji go?
I'm sure he went to get us water or something.
Would you sit down, already?
Your boyfriend is so cool, Nana. And that uniform really suits him.
Doesn't it? Though he's kinda lame when he speaks.
Now how many times have I heard that?
What are you doing, Miss Kawamura?!
Excuse me! I'm very sorry!
You could hurt yourself if you pick it up with your bare hands.
I'll go get a broom.
You're bleeding! Are you okay?!
Your handkerchief. I'm sorry.
Don't worry about it. You can have it, so never mind.
But...
What's important now is for you to treat that cut.
I'm sorry!
Huh?
Miss Kawamura. Why are you crying? Get a hold of yourself!
I'll take care of things here. You go to the back.
I'm terribly sorry for all the trouble, miss.
No, please do not worry about me.
You're so kind, Hachiko. My impression of you has just improved.
Actually, I used to work at a family restaurant like this in the past,
so when I see something like that it's like seeing myself.
Oh. I can just see you making far worse blunders.
Huh?
What's that supposed to mean?! Come on!
I've run away again.
What am I doing hiding like this?
I should've predicted this much.
Well, Nana might not realize, but Sachiko could very well realize.
Nana can be pretty loud, too.
Please, let Nana be nice and quiet.
I really am pathetic. I could just puke thinking about how detestable a guy I am.
Sachiko.
Let's put an end to this, Shoji. She's cute, kind, and such a wonderful girlfriend.
What just happened between you and her?
It's all right. I doubt she's caught onto anything.
Let's put an end to this, before she ends up getting hurt.
I'm sorry, Shoji.
If I hadn't gone after you like I did, none of this would've happened.
That's not true.
But at this rate, I'll just be more of a bother to you.
That's not true!
This'll continue hurting me, too.
No one can end up happy in this situation.
Make sure you take good care of her.
I guess it's kinda hard to eat with a pierced lip.
Serves you right.
Shin. You seem to be getting more piercings by the day.
Now you even have one there.
What have you done to your beautiful face?
I'm sure kissing is harder with that.
No, I had no problem with that.
Shin! Who'd you kiss? Was it Nobu?!
Huh? Is Nobu into that sorta stuff?
Is he?!
Ah, no. But I thought this guy might be.
I'm straight.
Hey, Shin. Do you plan to continue living at Nobu's place like you are now?
Actually, I haven't been to Nobu's place much lately. I don't wanna be a burden.
So you've returned home.
Nope.
Then where are you staying?
At some women's places.
I move from place to place.
I'm still fifteen, I look like this, and I still can't find a steady job,
but I realized that if I live this way, I won't have any money problems.
Surprisingly, life can be pretty easy.
Shin... You're a natural born bastard.
Bastard?
One day, you're gonna
- get killed by a woman. - Shin.
I'm so sad.
Nana.
Come on, Shoji. Where had you run off to?
Do you have any plans after this?
No. I have four straight days off from work starting tomorrow.
I can wait for you to get off work.
You don't hafta wait.
Huh?
Can I go to your place later? I need to talk to you about something.
If Nana hadn't been with me that evening,
I probably would've thrown myself into Tama River and sunk to the bottom.
I seriously think so.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
