The sound of the waves is clearer than usual, and the moonlight is very bright.
They gently surround me, filling me with warmth.
It's true...
If you're able to enjoy everything this world gives to you, then surely...
Dear Ai, autumn is quickly coming to an end here in Neo-Venezia,
and winter will soon be upon us.
Because Alice was promoted to Prima before us,
it's just been Aika and I at joint practice lately.
It's gotten really cold, hasn't it, Aika?
Huh?
Autumn is almost over, isn't it?
Hey, Aika.
Yeah?
Doesn't practice with just the two of us remind you of when we first met?
I'd be lying if I said it doesn't feel a bit lonely, but...
We just need to catch up to her, don't we?
All right! Let's focus on becoming Primas, and do our best!
Huh?
Aika?
I'm sorry, Akari.
I'm sorry.
What?!
Why are you apologizing?
Well...
You've been dreaming of this day and working hard for it, haven't you?
Congratulations on your promotion to Prima, Aika!
Thanks. I knew you'd say that.
Also...
What?!
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
As the days begin to swirl in brilliant colors Azayaka ni mawaridashita hibi
Always and forever, they're filled with love Itsumo itsudemo ai ga michiteita
Surely, it's a spiral Kitto supiraare
The days passed by, each one filled with warmth Atataka na mainichi o kasanetara
And before I knew it, off in the distance... Itsunomanika tooku ni
Embraced By That Blue Sea And Wind...
My!
Aika was promoted to Prima?
Yes!
My, my! Well, well!
That's wonderful news, isn't it?
Yes! Her alias is Rosen Queen.
The Queen of Roses!
So that's the one she chose.
Eh?
For a while now, Akira has been agonizing about when to give Aika her promotion exam.
Not only does Aika have to become a Prima,
but she'll also have to carry Himeya someday, she said.
Ah, I see.
I'm sure Aika will be fine, though.
Actually, I have another piece of good news.
A new Himeya branch will be opening near the Santa Lucia Station,
and Aika will be working there as the branch manager.
So, she said she'll be really busy from now on.
But, I wonder why?
She should have been really happy about it, but Aika was in tears.
Akari.
Yes?
Your Prima Promotion Exam will take place tomorrow.
Okay.
President Aria...
I feel kind of nervous.
I can't fall asleep.
Ai, my Prima Promotion Exam will finally happen tomorrow.
I'm too nervous to fall asleep,
so even though it's the middle of the night, I'm going to go practice for a bit.
Akari, it's finally time, huh?
I'm getting kind of nervous, too.
Thank you for keeping me company, President Aria.
Calm down. Just do what you always do during practice.
Huh? That voice...
I dropped it!
Sideburns!
Hey, I'm in trouble!
I dropped it! I can't believe I dropped it!
What happened?
I was on the way back from my middle school reunion.
And then I realized my wallet was gone!
I even had it tied to an elastic band! But I still dropped it!
But hey, what are you doing out this late, Sideburns?
My Prima Promotion Exam is tomorrow. So...
What? I see.
I'll be taking my promotion exam soon, as well. So I know exactly how you feel, Sideburns.
Let's both do our best!
Akatsuki...
Right!
Hey, Akatsukin!
I found your wallet!
What?! Where was it?
It fell in the restaurant toilet!
It fell in?!
It fell in!
Curse you, wallet! How dare you fall in such a place!
Stupid thing! I can't even go to the bathroom in peace!
Calm down, Akatsukin! Calm down! Stupid thing! I can't even go to the bathroom in peace!
Calm down, Akatsukin! Calm down!
You little!
Huh? Akari! You little!
You're practicing at this hour?
Ah, yes!
Sideburns!
Good luck on your exam!
You dropped it again!
I hope the weather doesn't turn bad.
I have to try and get some sleep.
Good morning, Alicia.
Good morning.
It's raining, isn't it?
Yes...
Ah, but the sky is bright off in the distance.
It seems like it might stop in the afternoon, doesn't it?
Why don't we postpone the promotion exam?
This is an important day, after all.
Let's hold the exam another day when the weather is nice.
It's all right.
Eh?
I've been waiting for this day to come for a long time.
This is also the day you decided on for the promotion exam.
So today is already an important day to me.
Akari...
Although I guess it can't be helped if it's still raining in the afternoon.
Akari.
Yes!
It stopped raining.
So, shall we begin?
Yes!
The preparations are complete. I'm at your service.
All right.
Thank you for waiting.
Now, please take my hand.
Right.
My, is this?
It's a hot water bottle.
My, my, such wonderful service.
Both the seat and the blanket are nice and warm.
Yes, yes.
Well then, off we go.
Between here and the Canal Grande, you can see the Campanile in many different locations.
But on a day when the rain has just let up, I recommend seeing it from this alleyway.
My!
Hey, Akari!
My, my.
This gentleman is one of the rowers in the regatta. He makes his own oars.
That's right!
Carve out your own path, I always say! You'll regret it if you don't.
We're going to win it next year!
Good luck!
Gondola coming through!
We've finally reached the Canal Grande.
It's the great reverse-S-shaped canal that splits Neo-Venezia in two.
Are you cold?
Not at all.
This is Rialto Bridge, a bridge that spans the entire Canal Grande with its single arch.
It's a place where people crossing over the water and people enjoying the view cross paths.
Oh! Here she comes, Akatsukin!
All right. Hey, Woody. Let's go ahead with our plan!
Got it!
Good luck! Good luck!
Hurrah, hurrah, Akari! Hurrah, hurrah, Sideburns!
Do your best, Akari! Akatsuki, Woody...
Do your best, Akari! A-A-Alicia, best wishes to you, too!
A-A-Alicia, best wishes to you, too!
H-Hey! Get down from there! You'll fall!
My, my.
I see you gazing up at the endless sky Dokomademo tsuzuku kono sora nagameteru yokogao
Your long hair brushes your cheeks as it sways in the wind Hoho ni fureru nagai kami ga yureteiru
Though this heartache can't be expressed with words, Setsunasa wa kotoba ni naranai keredo
As I always have, both now and forevermore... Ano koro mo ima mo zutto
I'll gather up these feelings that will never change Itsumademo kawaranu omoi o yosete
Whenever I am blessed with kindness, Yasashisa ni meguriau toki
I can always feel the wind as it sweeps past Fukinukeru kaze wa itsudemo
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita
Gondola coming through!
We spoke a little while ago, it was a moment full of smiles Sakki made futari hanashita hohoemi no hitotoki
We spoke a little while ago, it was a moment full of smiles Sakki made futari hanashita hohoemi no hitotoki As the sun starts to set,
We spoke a little while ago, it was a moment full of smiles Sakki made futari hanashita hohoemi no hitotoki both Piazza San Marco and the inland sea called the laguna gradually begin to change colors.
both Piazza San Marco and the inland sea called the laguna gradually begin to change colors.
These nostalgic, happy days... I'm leaving them behind Natsukashikute tanoshii hibi nokoshiteku
These nostalgic, happy days... I'm leaving them behind Natsukashikute tanoshii hibi nokoshiteku It feels as though those warm colors surround us and soothe our hearts, doesn't it?
These nostalgic, happy days... I'm leaving them behind Natsukashikute tanoshii hibi nokoshiteku
There's just one thing I'm praying for Hitotsu dake negai o komete inoru no Akari, your sculling and tour guide skills have really improved.
There's just one thing I'm praying for Hitotsu dake negai o komete inoru no
There's just one thing I'm praying for Hitotsu dake negai o komete inoru no You have your own style, which can be easily felt.
You have your own style, which can be easily felt.
A bridge to connect our hearts Kokoro o tsunagu kake hashi You have your own style, which can be easily felt.
A bridge to connect our hearts Kokoro o tsunagu kake hashi That's very important.
As you cross that bridge, Ano sanbashi no mukougawa e That's very important.
As you cross that bridge, Ano sanbashi no mukougawa e
As you cross that bridge, Ano sanbashi no mukougawa e Thank you very much.
As you cross that bridge, Ano sanbashi no mukougawa e
Look around, and you'll see the sun-dappled canal Furimukeba kirameku komorebi no michi
Look around, and you'll see the sun-dappled canal Furimukeba kirameku komorebi no michi Well then, let's continue on.
Look around, and you'll see the sun-dappled canal Furimukeba kirameku komorebi no michi
Look around, and you'll see the sun-dappled canal Furimukeba kirameku komorebi no michi Right.
Look around, and you'll see the sun-dappled canal Furimukeba kirameku komorebi no michi
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete Alicia, isn't this canal?
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete Yes, it's normally restricted.
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru But right now, we have permission to pass through.
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru Now, let's go...
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru...toward the future that awaits you on the other side.
Of that I'm certain Sou kitto...toward the future that awaits you on the other side.
Of that I'm certain Sou kitto
Right!
My heart races like the rhythm of the waves Takanaru kodou wa namima o utau rizumu
My heart races like the rhythm of the waves Takanaru kodou wa namima o utau rizumu It's really narrow.
My heart races like the rhythm of the waves Takanaru kodou wa namima o utau rizumu Narrower than any other canal I've ever passed through.
Narrower than any other canal I've ever passed through.
As I discover that intangible certainty Katachi no nai tashika na mono mitsukete Narrower than any other canal I've ever passed through.
As I discover that intangible certainty Katachi no nai tashika na mono mitsukete
As I discover that intangible certainty Katachi no nai tashika na mono mitsukete I never knew a place like this existed.
As I discover that intangible certainty Katachi no nai tashika na mono mitsukete
Whenever I am blessed with kindness, Yasashisa ni meguriau toki
Whenever I am blessed with kindness, Yasashisa ni meguriau toki But, I wonder why...
Whenever I am blessed with kindness, Yasashisa ni meguriau toki For some reason, I'm not worried at all.
I can always feel the wind as it sweeps past Fukinukeru kaze wa itsudemo
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita I can feel it.
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita I'll be all right.
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita Ah, I see...
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita
It fades away in the distance, as I gently close my eyes Haruka tooku tokete yuku sotto me o tojita It's because the three of us always practiced together.
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete That's why I'll be okay.
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete From the oar, to my fingertips...
If you visit here, come with open arms Kono basho ni otozureta nara ryoute hirogete uketomete I can feel the deep, calm, melodic waves of the water.
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru I can feel the deep, calm, melodic waves of the water.
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru Those precious days spent with friends...
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru...are now supporting me...
The blue sky and the starry night will be here to greet you Aoi sora mo hoshizora mo mukaetekureru...and firmly pushing me forward.
Of that I'm certain Sou kitto
Gondola coming through!
Akari, that was a wonderful ride.
It was slow and gentle, as if the gondola became one with the water.
Alicia...
Now for the final course.
Our next destination will be wherever you choose.
After all, it's up to you to decide what kind of Prima you want to be.
What kind of Prima I want to be...
All right.
Say, Akari.
The moment when things begin to change is so mysterious, isn't it?
Even though everyone is walking down their own path,
our changes are connected, as if we were all calling out to each other.
It's as though everything was fated from the beginning.
Alicia...
Alicia, we can see it now.
That...
That is my goal.
I want to be...
I want to be a Prima that embodies the Aria Company itself.
Akari.
Yes?
Ever since you came to Aqua, my world has completely changed.
My ordinary days...
The way I viewed the world...
They all began to shine, so wonderful and bright.
Yes...
As if a magic spell had been cast on them.
Just like the endless sky and sea that gently surround all of Aqua...
I'm so glad that I met you.
Thank you...
Aquamarine...
The distant, endless blue.
Congratulations on your promotion to Prima, Akari.
Thank you very much, Alicia!
President Aria!
I did it!
I've finally become a Prima!
I've always...
From the first day I came to this planet. Always.
Akari.
Yes?
I have something important to tell you.
Yes?
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
Changing days...
Beloved times...
Our respective futures...
And so, I move forward.
