So far, he's hit a right fly and been struck-out.
So far, he's hit a right fly and been struck-out. Something's off.
So far, he's hit a right fly and been struck-out.
There's the first pitch. It's a ball.
There's the first pitch. It's a ball. Something's off.
Kumamoto's pitcher, Suzuki, had started the game...
Kumamoto's pitcher, Suzuki, had started the game... Something's off.
Kumamoto's pitcher, Suzuki, had started the game...
Something seems off. It just somehow felt that way.
What an incredible spirit, he's able to keep going despite giving up seven runs. Something seems off. It just somehow felt that way.
What an incredible spirit, he's able to keep going despite giving up seven runs.
What an incredible spirit, he's able to keep going despite giving up seven runs. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
The second pitch is... I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
And it's up... a left fly ball. One out. But I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
But I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
The score is still seven to zero. But I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
The score is still seven to zero.
The score is still seven to zero. Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
The score is still seven to zero.
The score is still seven to zero. Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya
The score is still seven to zero.
The gap between the scores is big,
but Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here.
But Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here. Kyon, the phone's ringing.
Kyon, the phone's ringing.
The passionate voices cheering from the third base bleachers have not died down. Kyon, the phone's ringing.
The passionate voices cheering from the third base bleachers have not died down.
The passionate voices cheering from the third base bleachers have not died down. I know, you don't have to tell me.
I know, you don't have to tell me.
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru?
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru? You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
That's true. You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. Be sure to show up.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. I didn't even say anything...
I didn't even say anything...
Right. I didn't even say anything...
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior. - What? - I forgot to mention this...
- What? - I forgot to mention this...
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba. - What? - I forgot to mention this...
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba.
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba. Bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
Bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run. Bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run.
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run. And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. I still haven't...
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there.
That was a good pitch.
That was a good pitch. I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. No, not quite.
No, not quite.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. No, not quite.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch...
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... I guess it's what you would call deja vu.
It's a hit! And it's a big one! It's headed for left field...
And it's good! It's a single-run home run!
Jyonan has gotten their eighth run! This gives them yet another point.
Kashima is slowly rounding third base.
Kashima is slowly rounding third base. Summer's almost over.
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo that's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BO Y kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
kudaranai yarikara kette subete wa atashi ga kimeru Kick away the boring ways of doing things, I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush and just keep going forward, no matter what
fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) the idea of impossible, take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want to
marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
Endless Eight You're late, Kyon! Show some more motivation!
Yeah, yeah. Sorry I made you wait.
I just got here, too.
- Okay, we're all here, so let's go. - Where are we going?
To the public swimming pool, of course!
Well, I guess that makes sense considering what I brought.
We have to do summer vacation-y things during our summer vacation!
We can never get back the time that we've lost!
And so we're going to do them now, in our one and only summer as tenth graders.
By the way, we're going to the pool by bike.
Did you ride your bikes, too?
No, the only two bikes we have are yours and mine.
Kyon, you'd better not lose to Koizumi.
This train is leaving the station!
Come on, you two, hurry up and park your bikes.
Hey now, Kyon, we're about to go have fun. This is no time to be exhausted.
Whose fault do you think this is?
Oh, the scent of chlorine. This really makes it feel like a pool!
Come on, let's get in! We're going to race!
No diving It's dangerous Come on, let's get in! We're going to race!
Oh, Miss Suzumiya, wait!
That looks like fun.
It sure does.
This makes me smile, though. It feels peaceful.
She has some rather normal ways of enjoying her time, don't you think?
Calling out of the blue to invite someone out to do something and only giving
a general idea of what's going to happen isn't what I'd call normal.
In my opinion, that's really nothing.
Miss Suzumiya, laughing and having a good time like that,
isn't likely to shake up the world, after all.
I hope that's the case...
What's wrong?
It's nothing... It's probably just my imagination.
Because so much has happened since the beginning of spring,
I've become a little paranoid.
Oh, I lost again!
Yuki, let's go one more time!
Here I come!
Delicious! This is delicious, Mikuru!
Jeez.
I think it would be better to call this place a communal pool than a public pool.
I wonder why Haruhi chose this place.
Jeez.
I think it would be better to call this place a communal pool than a public pool.
I wonder why Haruhi chose this place.
What is this feeling?
Right, and then Haruhi says this...
These two are my brigade members.
They'll do anything you ask, so ask for anything you want!
Okay, let's have some fun! We're going to play water soccer.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, deja vu isn't all that uncommon.
Summer outing, pool, Bon festival fireworks show, part-time job, stargazing...
Summer outing, pool, Bon festival fireworks show, part-time job, stargazing... What is that?
It's a schedule of how we'll spend the rest of our short summer vacation.
I realized that we only have two weeks of summer vacation left.
We're going to pick up the pace!
All this in just two weeks?
Is there anything else you want to do, Mikuru?
Umm... I'd like to try goldfish scooping.
Okay! Goldfish scooping...
Done!
Pardon me for a moment.
- Thank you. - Done already?
Yes.
Okay then, we're starting tomorrow!
Is there a place nearby with a Bon festival? A fireworks show works, too.
I'll check around.
Don't forget about the goldfish scooping!
Roger that.
I'm paying again?
All right, then, we're done for today!
If you'll excuse me.
I have to go, too...
Nagato!
Umm... no, it's nothing important.
How have you been? Everything fine?
Fine.
That's good to hear.
Right.
S-Sorry about stopping you.
Sorry!
What the heck? Why did I talk to her?
The next morning, it was a call from Haruhi that awoke me from my slumber.
They found a place having a Bon festival. It was tonight at a public park.
Kyon! You're last again!
Jeez.
Oh well. Let's go buy yukata!
Haruhi entered a women's clothing outlet store.
Come on, hurry up! She just went and chose yukata for Miss Asahina and Nagato,
She just went and chose yukata for Miss Asahina and Nagato,
Leave it to me! She just went and chose yukata for Miss Asahina and Nagato,
Leave it to me!
Leave it to me! And then headed straight for the changing rooms.
And then headed straight for the changing rooms.
After making us wait about an hour or so, the three of them finally came out at once.
What do you think?
We're pretty hot, aren't we?
You all look wonderful.
Of course! I chose these yukata, after all.
Especially Mikuru!
It's so cute on you! It's just too cute!
Just what you would expect from my choice!
O-Of course.
Miss Asahina! Twirl... twirl!
Wow, this is amazing!
Yeah! It's nice and lively!
A Bon festival, huh?
I guess it makes sense for there to be this many... people.
There... there it is again. What is this feeling?
Mikuru!
They have goldfish scooping, just like you wanted!
Be sure to catch a bunch!
Okay!
Shall we play, too? How about a competition?
I'll pass.
What about you, Nagato? Want to eat something?
Oh, you're interested in that stuff?
- Which one? - It's all right.
- This one. - Right-o, that'll be 800 yen.
I kind of got the feeling that Nagato had been helping us out,
so I thought it would be appropriate for me to at least buy her that, but...
Thirteen! But I don't need so many, so I just kept one.
That's amazing.
You can have one, but only one.
Thanks.
Huh? What's with the mask?
I bought it.
Huh. I see.
Now then, next up is fireworks! Let's launch some fireworks to end the day!
It was summer, and summer vacation.
I won't let you destroy it!
I won't let you destroy it! That's why I wanted to forget about it,
but there was one thing lingering in my mind.
All right, tomorrow we'll be catching bugs!
Haruhi.
It's fine to want to play around, but are you finished with your summer homework?
What? You can finish homework like that in just three days.
Three days!?
You get that stuff out of the way so you can have fun without having to worry about it.
That's how you enjoy your summer vacation.
Why is she so smart?
It seems like the guys up in heaven that were divvying up
the stats for us were being pretty lax about it.
And so, tomorrow we'll be catching bugs!
Whoever catches the most bugs...
Okay, they'll get to be the brigade leader for a day!
No thanks!
That sounds interesting. Are any bugs okay?
Hmm... only cicadas!
That's it, this will be the SOS Brigade's Cicada Capturing Competition!
The next day was yet again a beautiful day.
It was on this day that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
Oh, no! It was on this day that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
Oh, no!
Oh, no! It looks like each of us did try, in their own way,
It looks like each of us did try, in their own way,
but of course, or something to that effect, the winner ended up being Haruhi.
A catch and release attitude is important, right?
If we let them go, then they might come back to repay us.
What could a cicada do, even if it did come back?
There you go! Go back to the mountains!
For some reason, I kind of feel like Pandora opening her box.
The next day, even though we had no idea what was going on,
we were made to wear frog costumes for our part-time job at the supermarket.
Good work, everyone.
What's with this difference in how we're being treated?
Thanks for the hard work. The manager is thankful.
I don't care about his thanks. Where's our pay?
That's it.
I've wanted that for a while.
The owner said that he'd give it to us for Mikuru's sake.
We worked, sweat pouring down our foreheads, for that?
Let's hang that up in the clubroom as a memento.
Mikuru, you can wear it whenever you want. You have my permission!
That night, a single phone call stole me away from my slumber.
Oh, come on! Hello?
Kyon...
Miss Asahina!?
Yes, it's me...
Something... very not good has... At this rate, I...
What do I...
- Umm... - Hello, this is Koizumi.
Why are you with Miss Asahina?
Certain circumstances came up.
Would it be possible for you to come join us right now?
Why you... why you!
What in the world happened, Miss Asahina?
Kyon...
I can't understand what she's saying...
In other words, this is what's going on.
We are going through an eternal loop of the same time period.
Even if you say something as impossible as that with a smile on your face...
Koizumi, do you realize what you're saying? Do you?
I do. Much more than I wish I did.
I had just been speaking with Miss Asahina.
Call me too. And then don't come.
And as a result, what we realized was that recently,
the flow of time was a bit strange.
You might want to credit this to Miss Asahina.
Thanks to her, I was able to confirm it.
Confirm what?
That we have experienced the same span of time numerous times.
You said that earlier.
To be precise, we've been repeating the time from August 17th to the 31st.
We're in the middle of an endless summer vacation.
Well, it is summer vacation, but...
It's a never-ending endless summer.
This world has lost all time after September 1st.
Who'd believe that?
We'd like for you to believe it.
Are we trapped inside one of those closed spaces?
That's not it.
A single portion of time has been torn away.
At exactly the point when it becomes midnight on August 31st,
everything resets, and we go back to August 17th. That's the process.
So what about our... no, humanity's memories?
Those are reset as well. Everything starts over from the beginning.
So you mean that time does that thing that you mentioned.
Well, we do have someone from the future here, I guess it can't be helped.
Oh no, Miss Asahina isn't involved in this.
Okay then, what's the culprit?
I would guess Miss Suzumiya.
I'm sure she doesn't realize it, but somewhere inside of her
is a desire to not let summer vacation end.
What the heck? Do you mean she feels regret over something?
That's what I believe.
Perhaps she feels that there's something left
that she wants to do during our summer vacation?
Man, the hopeless situations she causes unfold on a galactic scale.
So, what are you saying I should do?
If we knew that, we would have this problem solved.
I've been wondering this since I got here, but you seem awfully cheerful about this.
It's because we've finally been able to solve the mystery
of the frequent feelings of deja vu that I've had recently,
and that you may have had, too.
Now that I think about it, those inexplicable feelings may have been
remnants from when our memories have been reset.
Is it possible that other people across the world feel this, too?
It doesn't seem that way. You and I are a special case.
What about Haruhi? Does she sense any of this at all?
Not at all, it seems. It would probably be bad for us if she did.
However, I believe that there is one person who remembers everything,
more than the deja vu that we do.
And who would that be?
I think you know, even without my saying.
- Is that right? - It is.
- You remember all of it? - Right.
So, how many times have we repeated all of this, this time?
This is the 15,527th time.
15,527?
What do you mean by 15,527? Nagato, what are you saying?
Are you serious?
I am.
You're saying that we've done the exact same things that many times?
They're not all guaranteed to happen.
Out of 15,527 repetitions, there are two occasions,
2,391 and 11,054, where we did not go to a Bon festival.
A pattern where we did go to a Bon festival,
but did not go to a goldfish scooping stand, occurred 437 times.
We've had a part-time job 9,052 times, and when we did,
there were six different kinds of jobs that we did.
In addition to handing out balloons, we also worked as movers,
cashiers, we handed out flyers-
That's... enough.
See you later.
15,527 times, that's what Nagato said.
Times two weeks, hmm, that's around 595 years.
She alone has memories of all that time, repeating it all over and over...
Nagato, how must it feel to experience that same period of time over and over again?
The next day, we went stargazing.
The location was Nagato's apartment,
and the telescope was one that Koizumi had gotten for us.
I wonder if they exist.
- If what exist? - Martians.
I kind of don't want them to.
When man finally sets foot on Mars,
Oh, I'm bored of this. UFOs. Let's look for UFOs.
Exactly what does she want to do?
Now what could that be?
If we could figure that out, this would all be solved...
How about trying this out?
Give Miss Suzumiya a sudden embrace from behind,
then whisper I love you into her ear.
And who would be doing that?
Is there anyone else who could fill the role other than you?
I love you... No, I'm graduating from your control.
All right, how about if I do it?
I'm kidding. I'm lacking a certain something for the role.
And all that would do is cause unnecessary confusion in Miss Suzumiya.
Next, we went off to a batting center.
Hey, Nagato,
you were aware of this loop before Miss Asahina said anything, right?
Yes.
If that's the case, why didn't you say anything?
It's my job to observe.
I see.
Home run
We continued to run through a torrent of summer vacation events.
A fireworks show. Goby fishing tournament.
Test of courage. Movie watching. We went to the beach.
We just kept going.
Of course, I knew that this wasn't going to satisfy Haruhi.
Even still, there wasn't anything I could do about it,
and so we ended up at August 30th...
With this, we've finished everything on our list.
Hmm. I wonder if this was good enough.
But, hmm, well... I guess this works.
Hey, is there anything else you want to do?
That's fine, then.
We were able to do a lot this summer, so that's enough, right?
No, it's not. You're still not satisfied.
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
W-Wait, Haru-
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
There it is again!
And it's a strong one, stronger than ever before.
I can't let Haruhi leave.
If she goes, we'll end up repeating these past two weeks
for the some-thousandth time again.
But what should I do?
There must have been a hint somewhere in what Haruhi said.
But what was it?
What has she said up to this point?
I don't know... I can't remember...
August 31st.
Impossible
Impossible I haven't touched my homework. Whatever, it doesn't matter anymore.
I haven't touched my homework. Whatever, it doesn't matter anymore.
If we're just going to do it all over again, then there's no point to doing it.
Whether tomorrow comes or not, I'll leave it to the me at that time to deal with it.
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
nazenara That's because
basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
