I wonder if I'm useful to the Aria Company?
What's with you all of a sudden?
You're not acting like yourself, Akari.
Well...
Don't worry! I'm sure Alicia isn't bothered by it, even if you are useless.
Useless?
It doesn't matter if you're a burden, it's fine. Useless?
It doesn't matter if you're a burden, it's fine.
It doesn't matter if you're a burden, it's fine. A bur... den...
A bur... den...
Dear Ai, for the past few days, the weather has been really nice in Neo-Venezia.
When the weather is nice, for some reason, you just feel refreshed.
I'm done with my usual early morning practice, so now I'm starting today's work as an apprentice.
Okay, let's work hard today, too!
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
President Aria...
Alicia's really busy, isn't she?
She only gets one day off a month, if that.
Those Who Aim For Tomorrow...
Akari?
Yes?
What's the matter?
No, umm...
I want to be more useful, Alicia.
My, my.
You're already a big help.
More...
I want to be even more useful to the company.
But there's only so much I can do as a Single...
Akari, are you having joint practice tomorrow?
Well...
Aika has to take care of some company business, with Akira as her instructor.
And Alice has something to do for school, so she can't come tomorrow, either.
I see.
Then, how about trying your hand at the traghetto?
Traghetto?
Dear Ai, at Alicia's suggestion, I've decided to challenge myself on the traghetto.
A traghetto is a gondola that's used as a ferry.
There are several boarding points along the city's main thoroughfare, the Canal Grande.
Two gondoliers, one at the front and one at the back, transport the passengers.
The traghetto is the only place where Singles are allowed to take customers without supervision.
Singles from different companies are paired up, so it's something of an attraction in Neo-Venezia.
Um, the meeting point should be...
Gather around, Singles!
Ah, this is it.
Yes, yes!
Ah, so many people are here already...
Gather around, she said!
Huh?
Right!
I will now announce the groups for this district!
North upstream will be Arabella Campbell, Arly Harvey and Irene Wolce.
It's finally time to scull the traghetto. North upstream will be Arabella Campbell, Arly Harvey and Irene Wolce.
Meeting and working with people... North upstream will be Arabella Campbell, Arly Harvey and Irene Wolce.
I'm still just an apprentice, but I'll do my very best!
Excuse me... Hello?
Yes! I'm still just an apprentice, but!
Huh? Where'd everyone go?
They all went to their respective posts.
Ah, I'm sorry.
The four of us are in charge of this pier.
I look forward to working with you today.
Yes! I'm Akari Mizunashi from the Aria Company. Pleased to meet you.
Here, have a candy.
When you're nervous, having something in your stomach helps calm you down.
Thank you very much.
I'm Atora from Orange Planet.
Let's do our best together.
Is this your first time sculling a traghetto?
Y-Yes.
Hey, Ayumi. It might be tough right off the bat, don't you think?
Hmm... Yeah, perhaps.
Unlike a normal gondola, on a traghetto the customers will be standing,
and some people might have lots of luggage, so it requires a unique sense of balance.
Do you think I'll be all right?
You'll be fine. That's exactly why we scull in pairs.
You'll have us assisting you.
Well then, how about the three experienced members go on rotation first,
and whoever's on shore will give her a lecture?
Okay.
I'm sorry for troubling you all.
I'm Ayumi from Himeya. Nice to meet you!
Yes, nice-
So anyway, do you like the traghetto?
Huh? Sure...
I like it, too! Especially because you get to work with the locals!
I see...
Um...
Ah, yes!
I'm Anzu from Orange Planet.
I'm Akari Mizunashi. I look forward to working with you today.
Okay, let's get to work!
Come on, Anzu. Let's do this.
So then, Ayumi and Anzu, prepare the gondola, please.
Okay!
Right. Okay!
We will be open for business shortly.
Good morning, Atora. We will be open for business shortly.
Good morning. Please form a line to the left.
Please form a line to the left.
Oh, I haven't seen you before. Nice to meet you, Miss Undine.
Yes, it's a pleasure to be of service.
Please Wait Yes, it's a pleasure to be of service.
Please Wait
Please Wait Thank you for waiting.
Thank you for waiting.
Good morning! Good morning!
'Morning.
Please watch your step.'Morning.
Please watch your step.
Wow, those tomatoes look delicious!
I bought too many, though! Maybe I'll make some trippa for lunch.
Ah, sounds nice.
In we go. Ah, sounds nice.
In we go.
Hey, Ayumi.
Good morning, Mister.
There we go.
Good morning, Anzu.
Good morning.
My, my. What's the matter? You seem a bit down.
Eh? No, not at all.
Ayumi, Anzu, everything's all set! You're good to go!
Okay! Okay!
The gondola is now departing!
Anzu's a bit down right now.
It's because she just recently failed the Prima Promotion Exam.
Ehh? The Prima Promotion Exam?
Yeah.
Well, we all know that passing it is no easy feat.
But she's really something.
Even though she's disappointed every time, she continues to challenge herself and retake it.
Um, is the Prima Promotion Exam really that hard?
Yeah.
A mentor from your company acts as the examiner, so the difficulty varies,
but it's significantly more difficult than becoming a Single.
Anzu and I have the same mentor, and she's a very strict woman, so...
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
The gondola is now departing!
Yup, that's right.
She's quite down, isn't she?
Becoming a Prima sure must be tough.
Ayumi, you make it sound like it doesn't concern you.
It doesn't, though.
I'm not going to become a Prima.
Huh?!
Well, I guess there aren't many Undines like me, who want to work with the traghetto from the start.
Most likely, the majority of Singles here are only doing this because they couldn't become Primas.
The traghetto may serve as a training ground for Singles hoping to become Primas,
but it's also a place where you can work and earn a living.
I'm sure being a tour guide is a wonderful job,
but working here allows me to stay involved with this city and its people.
That's why I love this job.
The gondola is now departing!
I'm sorry.
I'm depressing, aren't I?
N-No, not at all...
I recently failed the Prima Promotion Exam.
The Prima Promotion Exam is hard, isn't it?
Yes, it is...
It's hard...
But I haven't given up.
I may be depressed and stuck in a rut right now,
but I'm going to eat a lot, sleep a lot, and once my spirits are lifted,
I'll redo my training again and again.
I'll keep challenging myself and retake it, no matter how many times it takes.
Yes.
Akari, you're also aiming to become a Prima, right?
Yes.
But I don't have enough skill to take the promotion exam yet.
I think that's why Alicia has never talked to me about the exam.
Someday if I do get to take the exam and I happen to fail it...
Um, Alicia seems like a really nice person, doesn't she?
Yes! I really admire her, too.
All right! Let's get going, shall we?
Right!
There we go.
Don't worry. I'll be with you, so just relax and concentrate on your sculling.
Right!
Okay, you can depart now.
Okay! Yes!
The gondola is now departing!
Akari Mizunashi, setting out!
That girl...
She's good!
Daddy!
Good work! Good work!
And here are today's earnings.
Be careful on your way to the office, okay?
I will. Be careful on your way to the office, okay?
I will.
I guess we'll clean up the gondola, then.
Right! Right!
What is it?
I was just thinking about how much you all love this gondola.
It makes me happy to see that you treasure it.
Well, we're Undines, after all. We all feel the same towards gondolas.
Besides, we're the ones who should be happy.
Huh?
Your sculling was exceptional! You have incredible talent.
It was so much fun sculling with you today!
N-No, I'm not...
She's right.
It was your first time sculling a traghetto, but you caught on right away.
Even when there were a lot of passengers, your sculling and balance never wavered.
You really helped us out.
Just what you'd expect from an employee of the Aria Company that Grandmother founded.
Thank you very much.
Speaking of Aria Company, Alicia!
She's really popular, isn't she?
In this city, there's not a day that goes by where you don't see her gondola.
Yes, she has bookings every day.
Your company is so busy...
I'm grateful she had you come assist us with the traghetto, even if it was just for a little while.
I'd love to work with you again, but you might already be a Prima the next time we see each other.
After all, it's only a matter of time until you become a Prima!
I guarantee it!
Sounds nice... Prima...
Congratulations, Akari.
No, I'm still an apprentice...
You're amazing. Ayumi guaranteed it.
Cut it out, Anzu! You're amazing. Ayumi guaranteed it.
Cut it out, Anzu! Stop it, Anzu.
Stop it, Anzu.
You're already doing the best you can, so you shouldn't let it get to you.
Atora...
Besides, it's not our fault.
It's because our examiner is too strict!
O-Our mentor doesn't acknowledge our efforts, no matter how hard Anzu and I try.
She disapproves of everything we do.
If a different mentor gave us the test, even we'd be able to...
But lately I've been thinking...
Maybe staying a Single and working on the traghetto isn't so bad, after all.
Just like Ayumi, I love this job too, so...
Nope. You and I are different.
Face it. You really want to become a Prima and tour people around, right?
But ever since you failed the promotion exam six months ago, you haven't even tried to retake it.
Why won't you challenge yourself and try again, like Anzu?
I kind of understand how Atora feels.
Every time you fail the Prima exam, it feels more and more like you're being rejected as an Undine.
It's heartbreaking, painful and sad.
You become afraid.
Before you know it, you're more withdrawn and you start to resign yourself to your fate.
But...
But we can't let that happen.
If you're wound up too tightly, you can no longer change yourself.
You end up unable to absorb anything.
You might not be able to change others, but you can certainly change yourself.
If I lack the skills right now, then I just need to learn them.
That's why I want to stay calm and flexible.
If you're flexible, you can take any shape.
You can absorb anything.
That way, I can become anything I want.
Yes... even the Prima I long to be. I know I can become one!
But she'll just say it's too late to-
It'll be fine! But she'll just say it's too late to-
It'll be fine!
I'm sure it'll be fine.
It doesn't matter where, when, or how many times you've tried before.
It's a fresh new start every time you wish to challenge yourself.
As long as you don't put an end to it yourself, I'm sure it's never too late.
Yeah!
Hey, hey. What's this? It's youth!
Yeah.
I'll give it another shot.
Yes! I'll do my best, too!
I'll keep doing my best, too.
Me, too!
Are we sure we have everything?
Yes! Are we sure we have everything?
Yes!
Yes! We're fine.
We're fine.
Well then, let's head home, shall we?
The traghetto.
For some, it's a job to be proud of.
For some, it's a place to train.
All of them, moving forward along their chosen paths...
The path to becoming a Prima may be difficult,
but I'll continue to move forward, as well.
No matter how far it is, I'll keep moving forward.
I'm back!
I'm back, President Aria.
Alicia, I just got back!
How was it?
It was really fun!
You sculled a traghetto, huh? I'd like to give it a ride.
Ah, but I'm looking forward to riding in your gondola when you're a Prima, too!
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
