Oh, we're finally back!
Hey! Don't touch me in weird places!
Don't worry about it. It's flat, anyway.
In any case, it's really quiet.
We're in the summer holiday right now!
Lots of people went home for the holidays, or traveled abroad.
I see, summer vacation.
Oh, Louise.
I haven't seen you around, so I thought you'd already gone home.
I was just running errands for a bit.
You guys are going home?
Oh! Darling!
I finally got the chance to see you again,
only to be torn apart yet again for a while!
Please forgive me for all of this!
I'm going to go visit Tabitha's home now.
Tabitha's?
See you, darling! Have a wonderful vacation!
A wonderful vacation...
What wonderful vacation?!
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
The sky where two moons never fade away
That's an impossibility, right?
This is the first time I've felt anything like this
I'm feeling more and more at ease with this place
Even if you trip and become depressed
I will always hold you tight with a squeeze
The story where we met that day stays hot with a sweet kiss
See, you can cast magic, and the wishes will surely come true
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
Tabitha's Secret
How to put it...
Serene?
Hey, Tabitha.
We're taking the effort to go see your folks,
so why can't you look a bit happier about it?
I didn't know you were studying abroad like me.
Why did you decide to study in another country?
In my case, it was something more like doing away with their troubles.
I caused all sorts of trouble,
and I was forced to quit my previous school.
They started saying that their daughter
loitering around wasn't good for their image,
so they tried to force me into a marriage.
To an old man, no less. An old man!
I mean, you have got to be kidding!
Hm? What is it?
Lake Lagdorian up ahead is overflowing.
Use the detour up on the high road, please.
See you.
Was there heavy rain or something?
And we're so close to Galia, too.
When you're done with the laundry, clean my room!
If you aren't quick about it, you're not getting fed!
Yeah, yeah...
He's always wooing anyone and everyone, with no standards!
Why should I be getting upset about such a thing?
Oh, geez, it irritates me!
Louise yelling, unreasonable amounts of labor...
Oh, but for some reason, all of this really puts me at ease.
What are you saying? It's all a misunderstanding.
I've heard that line too many times!
Do you understand, Guiche?
I don't really feel anything at all for you.
I'm only taking the time to see you because you were begging so much.
Montmorency...
In any case, calm down and hear what I have to say.
Just you watch... if that's the case...
Didn't Louise go home for the holidays?
She's here.
Please, wait!
Don't follow me!
Wait!
Montmorency!
Listen to what I have to say, Montmorency!
Wait for me, Montmorency!
They don't change at all, either.
I got it!
I had put it here with plans of throwing it out.
Then can I have it?
Yeah, take it without hesitation, Our Sword!
Can't you do something about that nickname
and these spectacular gestures?
Heave! Heave! And...
I guess this should be a good place.
If you had a noble help you,
you could have brought it here in no time with magic.
It's all right. This is something personal.
What are you going to do with such a giant pot?
Just wait till night.
He's right, we couldn't have gotten across down there.
There are houses sunken underwater, too.
How much further is your house, Tabitha?
Almost there.
That was...
Just as I thought!
That emblem... It's the one for the Galia royal family.
Tabitha, are you actually
from the royal family of Galia?
Just as I thought!
Lady Charlotte.
First, I'd like to say hello to your father.
Wait here.
Sure.
Excuse me.
My name is Peruculan, and I am the butler for the Orleans family.
I am a member of the von Zerbst family from Germania.
I hope to be under your good care.
I had not imagined that Mistress Charlotte
would bring a friend back with her.
So Charlotte is that girl's real name?
Who is it?
I have just returned, Mother.
Stand back! How impolite!
Our mistress calls herself Tabitha?
Why did she come studying abroad, using a fake name?
She never says anything about herself.
Studying in another country was ordered by her uncle, the King.
Uncle? Just as I thought, she's a member of the royal family.
Lady Charlotte's father, the late Count Orleans,
was the younger brother of the current king.
I see. So her father has already passed away.
He was murdered.
If the mistress trusts her heart with you, I am sure it is all right.
I will trust you, Lady Zerbst, in telling you this.
You're someone from the royal family, aren't you?!
Are you going to kill my Charlotte, just like you did my husband?!
Count Orleans, despite being the second son of the royal family,
was more adept as a mage than his older brother Lord Joseph.
Furthermore, he was quite full of charisma and talent.
Five years ago, when the previous king passed away,
the palace was split in two over
which son was more worthy of taking the throne.
A battle for the heir, huh?
In the midst of that filthy battle,
Count Orleans was murdered by conspiracy.
Those that put Lord Joseph to the throne,
to rid themselves of hassles in the future,
next went after the daughter...
One evening, our Lady and our Mistress were invited to a banquet.
It was laced with water-magic poison that induces insanity.
That became public knowledge,
and the noble responsible for the act was convicted.
The Lady sacrificed herself to save our mistress.
Ever since... our Lady...
How horrible...
To think that this girl might someday go after the throne...
We just want to live in peace.
Get back!
Nobody...
Nobody can take her away from me!
This girl... Charlotte is my dear daughter.
I will come see you again.
Mother...
Tabitha is the name of the doll that the Lady
once gave our mistress as a present.
From that day, the active and bright Lady Charlotte
behaved as if she was someone else.
As if she had sealed words and expressions all within herself.
Since the incident with the Lady,
nobody has dared try to take the life of the mistress.
In return, the Palace used the mistress' high magical powers
as reason to force her into difficult tasks,
of which many said the chances for survival were slim.
However, our mistress was able to complete
each and every unjust mission.
In order to protect herself and the Lady,
putting her own life at risk.
And the reason why she started studying in Tristein?
The Palace, seeing that things weren't going according to plan,
gave her only the title of Chevalier, though her merits
proved her worthy of being given ample property to govern,
and sent her to a foreign country, as if to do away with trouble.
Doing away with troubles?
Geez, you're late, Tabitha.
I want to rid myself of the sweat from this long journey.
It's done.
I've come back to life!
Man, in the end, Japanese people need a good bathtub.
Japanese people?
Oh? What is that?
Siesta?
Mr. Saito?
Um, uh, this is...
Oh, I did it again...
I'm going to get scolded.
Oh, my, my clothes are soaked...
Are you all right?
Yes.
What are you doing in there?
Oh, this? This is how you take baths in my country,
though this is a very old-fashioned way of doing so.
Is it a bath?
I found it being thrown out, so I made it myself.
I see. How wonderful!
I'd like to try it!
Then, care to join me?
Just kidding.
Is it all right?
Wait, this won't be good, Siesta!
Nobody will be here, and it's dark, so it's all right.
Um, Miss Siesta, you know, I am a guy...
I know that you wouldn't do anything strange, Mr. Saito.
It's kinda complicated to be told that so easily...
Hi. Been waiting?
I'm sorry I called you out here.
But the moon was just so beautiful.
I can dry my clothes out too, so it was just perfect.
Really?
Please don't be so shy.
You're making me embarrassed too.
Well... You can look over here...
It's dark so you can't really see.
Your country's baths feel nice, Mr. Saito.
You know how the baths here are all steam, right?
I just have to have it like this.
What kind of place is your country, Mr. Saito?
My country?
Yes, please let me hear about it.
Let's see... There's only one moon, and there are no mages,
but you can do most things with electricity.
And...
Mr. Saito!
One moon and no mages?
You're making fun of me because I'm from a rural village, aren't you?!
I'm not making fun of you!
Before you,
even those two moons would run away from embarrassment.
Montmorency the Perfume...
I'm sure you say the same thing to all the girls.
Wait, let's have a toast first.
Let's.
Hm?
What?
Isn't that Louise?
What is she doing this late at night?
Who knows?
Sheesh! How late does that dog intend on strolling around for?
It's like a story that my great-grandfather once told.
Your great-grandfather?
He passed away before I was born.
But I hear he always said that he was from a different world far away,
and that he fell from the sky.
A different world? From the sky?
Siesta, that's...
I have to get back soon.
That's right...
Thank you very much.
It was very fun, and the bath was lovely.
That's great.
Um, but...
What was most lovely about it
might be you.
Good night!
Am I a bit flushed?
What is that?
A secret tryst, all naked?!
He's a familiar, only a familiar!
There are limits as to how lewd one can be!
In the first place, why do I have to sneak about like this?!
Oh, geez! It irritates me!
My Montmorency...
Don't be impatient. The toast is first.
In front of you, I even forget how to be a gentleman.
A naked woman is flying in the skies!
Where? Where, where?
Where? Where, where, where? Where is she?
Hey, where, where?
If it isn't Louise.
What have you been doing?
Leave me alone. And I'll take this!
She drank it!
Thanks!
Oh, no...
I'm back!
You were out rather late.
I took a proper bath for the first time in a while,
so I took a good long soak.
Oh, it felt nice.
I'll just bet that it felt nice.
What do you mean?
You think you can fool your master?
What are you talking...
Hey, what's wrong? Your face is all red!
My face doesn't matter!
Hey, Louise, are you all right?
Saito... Saito...
What?
Saito!
Idiot, idiot, idiot! Saito, you're an idiot!
Why did you leave me alone to be with a girl like that?!
Saito, you idiot! Idiot!
What kind of a joke is this?
A joke? You're so cruel.
I love you so much!
Coming!
Oh no, just as I thought...
Just as you thought?
It is an order from the King.
Order?
How soon will you start it?
Tomorrow evening.
I wish you the best of luck.
Then, you came home for this?
Wait here.
I'm sorry. I heard everything from that guy.
So I'm going to go with you.
Danger...
That's why I'm coming with you.
I accepted the challenge lightly, but this is one big affair.
Mother...
No, don't drink that, Mother!
My fever will warm it up and melt it away.
So rest assured, and sleep tight,
Charlotte.
As if I were under a real magic spell
A bright smile is burnt onto my heart
But each time I see you, I give you a pointy, cold shoulder
Why do I act mean towards the one that I think about the most?
My true feelings, the shards of loneliness
In the deepest part of my heart, I'm calling for you
For the day to start from zero
I love you so, so, so much, Saito!
But why are you making that face?
Sheesh! Idiot, idiot, idiot! Saito, you're an idiot!
