The passionate voices cheering from the third base bleachers have not died down.
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru?
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru? Something seems off.
That's true. It just somehow felt that way.
It just somehow felt that way.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. It just somehow felt that way.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
Right. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior. But I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior. Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba. Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba.
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run.
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run. Incoming call: Haruhi Suzumiya
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run.
What does she want?
Kyon, the phone's ringing.
I know, you don't have to tell me.
You're not doing anything today, right?
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... We're all meeting at exactly two o'clock in front of the station.
Be sure to show up.
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. Be sure to show up.
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there.
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. I didn't even say anything...
I didn't even say anything...
That was a good pitch.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. What?
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
We don't know that yet. And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
He winds up for the second pitch... I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
It's a hit! And it's a big one! It's headed for left field... I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
It's a hit! And it's a big one! It's headed for left field...
It's a hit! And it's a big one! It's headed for left field... No, not quite.
It's a hit! And it's a big one! It's headed for left field...
It's a hit! And it's a big one! It's headed for left field... To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
And it's good! It's a single-run home run! To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
And it's good! It's a single-run home run!
And it's good! It's a single-run home run! I guess it's what you would call deja vu.
Jyonan has gotten their eighth run! This gives them yet another point. I guess it's what you would call deja vu.
Jyonan has gotten their eighth run! This gives them yet another point.
Kashima is slowly rounding third base. Summer's almost over.
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
Doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo That's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BOY kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
Tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
Jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
Kudaranai yarikara kette Kick away the boring ways of doing things,
subete wa atashi ga kimeru I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin And just keep going forward, no matter what
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) The idea of impossible
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
Mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
Hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want
Marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
Marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
Endless Eight
You're late, Kyon! Show some more motivation!
Yeah, yeah.
I came just for you.
Oh, thank you.
Okay, we're all here, so let's go.
Go where?
To the public swimming pool, of course!
Well, I guess that makes sense considering what I brought.
We have to do summer vacation-y things during our summer vacation!
We can never get back the time that we've lost!
And so we're going to do them now, during this,
our one and only summer as tenth graders.
Okay, Kyon and Koizumi,
we're counting on you until we get to the pool.
I'd rather not ask this, but counting on us for what?
We're going on your bikes!
Oh, the scent of chlorine. This really makes it feel like a pool!
Woo hoo!
No diving It's dangerous Woo hoo!
No diving It's dangerous
Restrain thyself. Canst thou not read the no diving signs?
Hurry up and get in! The water's warm so it feels fine!
In you go!
That looks like fun.
She has some rather normal ways of enjoying her time, don't you think?
I don't think I can say that inviting someone to do something
by calling them out of the blue, and only giving a general idea
of what's going to happen as normal.
Well, there is the saying, Strike while the iron is hot.
Yeah, but when she strikes something,
we've never gotten anything but bad luck.
Even so, this is more than peaceful enough.
Miss Suzumiya, laughing and having a good time like that,
isn't likely to shake up the world, after all.
What's wrong?
It's nothing. It's probably just my imagination.
Because so much has happened since the beginning of spring,
I've become a little paranoid.
Almost! Let's go one more time!
Delicious. So strawberry and delicious!
Jeez.
I think it would be better to call this place a communal pool than a public pool.
I wonder why Haruhi chose this place.
There it is again, that strange sensation.
It feels like I've seen this scene once before.
Where Nagato kind of looks like she's bored...
Kyon!
Right, and then Haruhi says this...
These two are my brigade members.
They'll do anything you ask, so ask for anything you want!
Okay!
Okay, let's have some fun! We're going to play water soccer.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, deja vu isn't all that uncommon.
I've been thinking about how we should spend our summer vacation.
What do you think?
What is this supposed to be?
Summer outing, Bon festival, part-time job, batting center... What is this supposed to be?
Summer outing, Bon festival, part-time job, batting center...
Summer outing, Bon festival, part-time job, batting center... It's a schedule of how we'll spend the rest of our short summer vacation.
It's a schedule of how we'll spend the rest of our short summer vacation.
- A schedule for who? - For us!
I realized that we only have two weeks of summer vacation left.
That fact blew me away.
We still have so much left to do, but we've only got this much time left!
We're going to pick up the pace!
All this, in just two weeks?
Is there anything else you want to do, Mikuru?
Umm... I'd like to try goldfish scooping.
Okay! Goldfish scooping...
Pardon me for a moment.
Thank you.
We're starting tomorrow!
Is there a place nearby having a Bon festival?
A fireworks show works, too.
At least try to find this stuff out first.
I'll check around. I'll contact you when I find out.
Okay, I'll leave it to you, Koizumi.
All right, then, we're done for today!
Nagato.
Umm... no, it's nothing important.
How have you been? Everything fine?
Fine.
That's good to hear.
Right.
Umm...
Sorry for stopping you. You can go now.
What the heck? Why did I talk to her?
Koizumi was able to suddenly find a place that was holding a Bon festival the next day.
Wow, so this one of this era's summer attractions.
I guess it makes sense for there to be this many people.
Mikuru! They have goldfish scooping, just like you wanted!
All the fish you can catch, and all the scoops you can break!
You're not supposed to break them.
You're interested in that stuff?
- Which one? - It's all right.
- This one. - Thanks, that'll be 800 yen.
I kind of got the feeling that Nagato had been helping us out,
Thank you much. I kind of got the feeling that Nagato had been helping us out,
I kind of got the feeling that Nagato had been helping us out,
so I thought it would be appropriate for me to at least buy her that, but...
Wow, what a haul!
But I don't need so many, so I just kept one for each of us.
Now then, next up is fireworks!
Let's launch some fireworks to end the day!
Don't you understand the concept of getting tired?
Well, I guess you could say that one of Haruhi's good points
is that she's healthy and got a lot of stamina.
Jeez, she's always so reckless!
It was summer, and summer vacation.
That's why I wanted to forget about it, but there was one thing lingering in my mind.
Tomorrow we'll be catching bugs!
Haruhi. It's fine to want to play around,
but are you finished with your summer homework?
What? You can finish homework like that in just three days.
Three days!?
You get that stuff out of the way so you can have fun without having to worry about it.
That's how you enjoy your summer vacation.
Why is she so smart?
It seems like the guys up in heaven that were divvying up
the stats for us were pretty unfair.
Everyone, we'll be catching bugs tomorrow!
Whoever catches the most bugs...
Okay, they'll get to be the brigade leader for a day!
There's a title I don't want at all.
That sounds interesting. Are any bugs okay?
Hmm... only cicadas!
That's it, this will be the SOS Brigade's Cicada Capturing Competition!
The next day was yet again a beautiful day.
Come back here, cicada! The next day was yet again a beautiful day.
And so, as we expected, or something to that effect,
the winner ended up being Haruhi.
A catch and release attitude is important, right?
If we let them go, then they might come back to repay us.
If someone went back to the person that caught them and then just let them go,
then I'd say they really were about as smart as a bug.
There you go! Go back to the mountains!
The next day, we had a part-time job that our brigade leader had procured for us.
Here you are.
Here...
- Can I have one? - Here you go.
Thanks!
Wearing a costume in heat like this isn't a job, it's an endurance competition.
I said, our payment is Mikuru's costume.
I've wanted this for a while.
The owner said that he'd give it to us for Mikuru's sake.
We worked, sweat pouring down our foreheads, for that?
Let's hang this frog up in the clubroom as a memento.
Mikuru, you can wear it whenever you want. You have my permission!
Damn it...
Hello?
Kyon...
Hello? Miss Asahina?
Yes, it's me...
Something... very not good has...
At this rate, I...
- Is this really Miss Asahina? - Oh, hello, this is Koizumi.
Why are you with Miss Asahina at this hour?
Certain circumstances came up. Quite alarming ones, at that.
We've got an emergency situation.
Sorry to call you out so late at night.
What in the world happened, Miss Asahina? I'm going to kill you, Koizumi.
Kyon...
Well... because of classified information, I'm always contacting the future
and classified information-ing,
but I hadn't received any classified information
for about a week or so, and I thought, that's strange.
And so I classified information...
I was so surprised, I tried to classified information,
but it was completely classified information.
Oh, what do I do?
Could it be that your classified informations
are things that cannot be said on television?
In other words, this is what's going on.
We are going through an eternal loop of the same time period.
To be precise, we've been repeating the time from August 17th to the 31 st.
This world has lost all time after September 1 st.
It's natural that Miss Asahina cannot go back to the future.
The future itself no longer exists.
What's natural about there being no future? Who'd believe it?
We'd like for you to believe it.
They say that the believers will be saved,
but I've yet to be saved from a hardship, even once.
So, what's the culprit?
You really don't know?
I don't want to.
I would guess Miss Suzumiya.
I'm sure she doesn't realize it, but I would guess that
somewhere inside of her is a desire to not let summer vacation end.
What the heck? Do you mean she feels regret over something?
That's what I believe.
Perhaps she feels that there's something left that she wants to do
during our summer vacation?
Man, the hopeless situations she causes unfold on a galactic scale.
Well, with this, we've finally been able to solve
the recent mysterious and frequent feelings of deja vu.
You've been having them, too? Then is it possible that other people...
It doesn't seem that way.
It appears that the people who are closest to Miss Suzumiya
are able to sense this strangeness.
However, I believe that there is one person who remembers everything,
more than the deja vu that we do.
And who would that be?
I think you already know.
- Is that right? - It is.
- You remember all of it? - Right.
So, how many times have we repeated all of this, this time?
This is the 15,532nd time.
15,532?
Nagato, what are you saying?
- Are you serious? - I am.
You're saying that we've done the exact same things that many times?
They're not all guaranteed to happen.
Out of 15,532 repetitions, there are two occasions,
2,391 and 11,054, where we did not go to a Bon festival.
A pattern where we did go to a Bon festival,
but did not go to a goldfish scooping stand, occurred 437 times.
We've had a part-time job 9,056 times,
and when we did, there were six different kinds of jobs.
In addition to handing out balloons, we also worked as movers,
cashiers, we handed out flyers, call center...
No! That's enough...
This is the 15,532nd time, that's what Nagato said.
Times two weeks, hmm, that's around 595 years.
She alone has memories of all that time,
repeating it all over and over...
Nagato, how must it feel to experience that same period of time over and over again?
I've heard yet another crazy story.
The next day we went stargazing.
The location was Nagato's apartment.
Haruhi was looking through the telescope at first, but...
Exactly what does she want to do?
Now what could that be?
If we could figure that out, this would all be solved...
How about trying this out?
Give Miss Suzumiya a sudden embrace from behind
then whisper I love you into her ear.
And who would be doing that?
Is there anyone else who could fill the role other than you?
It's my turn! I activate The Veto.
All right, how about if I do it?
I'm kidding. I'm lacking a certain something for the role.
And all that would do is cause unnecessary confusion in Miss Suzumiya.
We continued to run through a torrent of summer vacation events.
We went to a real fireworks show,
and we even took part in a goby fishing tournament.
We also had a test of courage, watched some movies,
went to the beach, went bowling, and even sang karaoke.
We were always doing something.
Of course, I knew that this wasn't going to satisfy Haruhi.
Even so, there wasn't anything I could do about it,
and the last days of our summer vacation ticked away.
And so we ended up at August 30th...
With this, we've finished everything on our list.
I wonder if this was good enough.
But, hmm, well... I guess this works.
Hey, is there anything else you want to do?
That's fine, then.
We were able to do a lot this summer, so that's enough, right?
No, it's not. You're still not satisfied.
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
W-Wait, Haruhi...
T-There it is again! And it's stronger than ever before!
It's proof that we've done all this tens of thousands of times.
I can't let Haruhi leave.
If she goes, we'll end up repeating these past two weeks again.
But what should I do?
There must have been a hint somewhere in what Haruhi said.
What? What? What?
Remember. You've got to remember.
It's something I'm worried about, but I'm putting off...
If I don't do something, she'll go home. I can't let it happen.
If I do, nothing will change.
What have we done up to this point?
What didn't we do?
There's no time to think. It doesn't matter if it doesn't work,
just say something, anything!
I still have something I want to do!
That's right, homework!
What are you talking about?
I haven't done a single bit of my summer homework.
Until I do, my summer isn't over!
Are you stupid or something?
Koizumi! Are you finished yet?
No, I'm only halfway done because we were rushing around so much.
Then let's work on it together.
Nagato, you come over, too. You're still not done yet, right?
Miss Asahina, please come, too.
What? But where?
Let's do this at my house.
Bring all of your notebooks and textbooks, and let's do it all together.
We're going to finish off all of our summer activities.
Nagato, Koizumi, let me copy the stuff you've finished.
Right.
All right, we're starting tomorrow morning.
We're going to do what we can in one day!
Wait right there.
Don't you just make a decision like that!
I'm the leader. At times like this, you need to ask my opinion first.
Kyon, acting without my permission is against the rules!
I'm going too!
It looks like I hit the jackpot.
Miss Suzumiya is a smart and talented person.
She's probably always been that way.
So she probably never considered the idea
that summer homework could be a burden.
And so she probably never had to divide work up with her friends.
It was the first day of the term, so I could have gone home,
but I ended up coming here,
and so here I sit with Koizumi, who showed up in the same way.
Frighteningly, yet importantly, Nagato wasn't there.
You couldn't see it on her face, but she might have been exhausted.
The idea that we experienced the latter half of August tens of thousands of times
feels like it was all made up.
I don't blame you for feeling that way.
The us of here and now don't share any memories
with the us that experienced the sequence of the previous 15,531 times.
This is because the 15,532nd time around,
we were able to return to the normal flow of time.
How about a game of poker?
Sure thing. I don't have any money, though.
Then we'll play for fun.
But I did get a hint.
That repeated deja vu. Especially the last one,
it might have been sent from the previous versions of ourselves.
I can be here, now,
thanks to the us that went through those two weeks beforehand.
If I don't think of it that way,
then it would be like me saying that all of the summers that they went through,
with Haruhi treating them like they didn't exist, were for nothing.
- Want any new cards? - Nope.
Me either.
If I had the chance to redo this day...
I'd like to remember to play this hand for money.
