Something seems off. It just somehow felt that way.
One out, with the score still seven to zero.
One out, with the score still seven to zero. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
The gap between the scores is big, I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
but Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here. I had absolutely no interest in the prefectural baseball game on TV,
but Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here.
But Kumamoto still has a chance if they can hold out here. But I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
But I kind of ended up rooting for the losing side.
Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
The passionate voices cheering from the third base bleachers have not died down. Once I did, I kind of got the feeling that Haruhi was going to start something.
There's Suzuki, they need him to do his best, don't they, Mr. Kiru?
That's true. Kyon, the phone's ringing.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. I know, you don't have to tell me.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope.
After all, you never know how a match is going to turn out. They still have hope. You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
Right. You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior. You're not doing anything today, right? We're meeting at 2PM in front of the station.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior. Be sure to show up.
Next, stepping up to the batter's box we have number four, Kashima, a senior.
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba.
After last year's summer tournament, he was chosen for the team that went to Cuba. I didn't even say anything...
I didn't even say anything...
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run. I didn't even say anything...
In the fourth inning, he hit a three-run home run.
What?
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... What?
And there's Suzuki with a big windup...
And there's Suzuki with a big windup... I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. I forgot to mention this - bring a swimsuit and plenty of money.
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there.
And the first pitch is a strike. No problems there. And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
That was a good pitch. And be sure to bring your bike. That's all, over and out!
That was a good pitch.
That was a good pitch. And again, I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
And again, I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
That was a strong, straight pitch, thrown a little high and inside. And again, I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
And again, I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. And again, I had the feeling that I knew what Haruhi was going to say.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. No, not quite.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose.
Perhaps he feels like he's got nothing left to lose. To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... To be precise, it felt like this exact same conversation had happened before.
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch...
We don't know that yet. He winds up for the second pitch... I guess it's what you would call deja vu.
I guess it's what you would call deja vu.
It's a hit! And it's a big one!
It's headed for left field... Summer's almost over.
And it's good!
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo that's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BO Y kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
kudaranai yarikara kette subete wa atashi ga kimeru Kick away the boring ways of doing things, I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush and just keep going forward, no matter what
fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) the idea of impossible, take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want to
marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
Endless Eight
Endless Eight You're late, Kyon! Show some more motivation!
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry I made you wait.
I just got here, too.
- Okay, we're all here, so let's go. - Where are we going?
To the public swimming pool, of course!
Well, I guess that makes sense considering what I brought.
We have to do summer vacation-y things during our summer vacation!
We can never get back the time that we've lost!
And so we're going to do them now, in our one and only summer as tenth graders.
By the way, we're going to the pool by bike.
Did you ride your bikes, too?
No, the only two bikes we have are yours and mine.
Kyon, you'd better not lose to Koizumi.
This train is leaving the station!
No psychic powers allowed!
Hurry up and park your bikes, you two.
Kyon, we're about to go have fun. This is no time to be exhausted.
Whose fault do you think this is?
Oh, the scent of chlorine. This really makes it feel like a pool!
Hurry up and get in! The water's warm so it feels fine!
Can't she read the no diving signs posted everywhere?
That looks like fun.
She has some rather normal ways of enjoying her time, don't you think?
Miss Suzumiya, laughing and having a good time like that,
isn't likely to shake up the world, after all.
I hope that's the case...
What's wrong?
Oh, it's nothing...
It's probably just my imagination.
Let's get ready to go in, too.
It's so bitter. One more cup, please.
It feels like I've seen this scene once before.
Where Nagato kind of looks like she's bored...
Kyon!
Right, and then Haruhi says this...
These two are my brigade members.
They'll do anything you ask, so ask for anything you want!
Okay, let's have some fun! We're going to play water dodge ball.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, deja vu isn't all that uncommon.
I thought about what we'll be doing from here on. What do you think?
What is that?
Things we have to do during our summer vacation What is that?
Things we have to do during our summer vacation
Things we have to do during our summer vacation It's a schedule of how we'll spend the rest of our short summer vacation.
It's a schedule of how we'll spend the rest of our short summer vacation.
I realized that we only have two weeks of summer vacation left.
That fact blew me away.
We still have so much left to do, but we've only got this much time left!
We're going to pick up the pace!
All this in just two weeks?
Is there anything else you want to do, Mikuru?
Umm... I'd like to try goldfish scooping.
Okay! Goldfish scooping...
Pardon me for a moment.
- Thank you. - We're starting tomorrow!
Is there a place nearby with a Bon festival? A fireworks show works, too.
I'll check around. I'll contact you when I find out.
Don't forget about the goldfish scooping!
It's Mikuru's one request, after all.
Roger that.
All right, then, we're done for today!
- If you'll excuse me. - I have to go, too...
Nagato.
No, it's nothing important.
How have you been? Everything fine?
Fine.
I see. That's good to hear.
What the heck? Why did I talk to her?
Your attention please, we have a lost child. Five-year-old Takashi Satou is...
A Bon festival, huh?
I guess it makes sense for there to be this many people.
That tower, those vendors...
It's been a while since I've come to one, but it feels like I have recently.
Mikuru!
They have goldfish scooping, just like you wanted!
- Be sure to catch a bunch! - Okay!
Shall we play, too? How about seeing who can catch more?
I'll pass.
What about you, Nagato? Want to eat something?
You're interested in that stuff?
- Which one? - It's all right.
- This one. - Right-o, that'll be 800 yen.
I kind of got the feeling that Nagato had been helping us out,
so I thought it would be appropriate for me to at least buy her that, but...
Hamster Fishing
Hamster Fishing Thirteen! Wow, what a haul!
Thirteen! Wow, what a haul!
But I don't need so many, so I just kept one.
And one for Mikuru, too.
You can have one, but only one.
Thanks.
Huh? What's with the mask, Yuki?
I bought it.
I see.
No Obtrusive Fireworks Allowed
No Obtrusive Fireworks Allowed It was summer, and summer vacation.
It was summer, and summer vacation.
That's why I wanted to forget about it,
Haruhi.
It's fine to want to play around, but are you finished with your summer homework?
What? You can finish homework like that in just three days.
Three days!?
You get that stuff out of the way so you can have fun without having to worry about it.
Why is she so smart?
It seems like the guys up in heaven that were divvying up...
the stats for us were being pretty lax about it.
Everyone, tomorrow we'll be catching bugs!
Whoever catches the most bugs...
Okay, they'll get to be the brigade leader for a day!
- No thanks! - That sounds interesting.
Are any bugs okay?
Hmm... only cicadas!
That's it, this will be the SOS Brigade's Cicada Capturing Competition!
The next day was yet again a beautiful day.
It was on this day that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
That's sour! It was on this day that we had the SOS Brigade Cicada Capturing Competition.
That's not a cicada.
A yanbaru long-armed scarab!?
It looks like each of us did try, in their own way,
but of course, or something to that effect, the winner ended up being Haruhi.
A catch and release attitude is important, right?
If we let them go, then they might come back to repay us.
What could a cicada do, even if it did come back?
There you go! Go back to the mountains!
For some reason, I kind of feel like Pandora opening her box.
The next day, we met up, even though we had no idea what was going on.
And we remained in the dark even as we were made to wear frog costumes...
and then pass out balloons in front of a supermarket as our part-time job.
I really understand how Unit-o felt when it got hit by that beam.
Good work, everyone.
What's with this difference in how we're being treated?
Thanks for the hard work. The manager is thankful.
I don't care about his thanks. Where's our pay?
This is it.
I've wanted this for a while.
We worked, sweat pouring down our foreheads, for that?
Let's hang this up in the clubroom as a memento.
Mikuru, you can wear it whenever you want. You have my permission!
Okay...
What?
- Oh, nothing. - Don't look at me.
- Come on, Mikuru! - M-Maybe later!
Your popsicle is going to fall down.
That night, a single phone call stole me away from my slumber.
The number you have called is...
What in the world!?
Kyon...
Miss Asahina?
Yes, it's me...
Something... very not good has... At this rate, I...
- Umm... - Hello, this is Koizumi.
Why are you with Miss Asahina at this hour?
Certain circumstances came up.
Would it be possible for you to come join us right now?
What in the world happened, Miss Asahina?
Kyon... I... can't go back to the fu-
In other words, this is what's going on.
We are going through an eternal loop of the same time period.
Even if you say something as impossible as that with a smile on your face...
Koizumi, do you realize what you're saying?
I do. Much more than I wish I did.
I had just been speaking with Miss Asahina.
Call me too, when you have talks with her.
And as a result, what we realized was that recently,
the flow of time was a bit strange.
You might want to credit this to Miss Asahina.
Thanks to her, I was able to confirm it.
Confirm what?
That we have experienced the same span of time numerous times.
You said that earlier.
To be precise, we've been repeating the time from August 17th to the 31st.
We're in the middle of an endless summer vacation.
Well, it is summer vacation, but...
It's a never-ending endless summer.
This world has lost all time after September 1st.
Who'd believe that?
We'd like for you to believe it.
Umm... I'll explain, too.
Well... because of classified information,
I'm always contacting the future and classified information-ing,
but I hadn't received any classified information for about a week or so,
which I thought was strange.
And so I classified information
I was so surprised I tried to classified information,
but it was completely classified information.
Oh, what do I do?
Are we trapped inside one of those closed spaces?
That's not it.
A single portion of time has been torn away.
At exactly the point when it becomes midnight on August 31st,
everything resets, and we go back to August 17th. That's the process.
So what about our... no, humanity's memories?
Those are reset as well. Everything starts over from the beginning.
So you mean that time does that thing that you mentioned.
Well, we do have someone from the future here, I guess it can't be helped.
Oh no, Miss Asahina isn't involved in this.
Okay then, what's the culprit?
I would guess Miss Suzumiya.
I'm sure she doesn't realize it, but somewhere inside of her...
What the heck? Do you mean she feels regret over something?
That's what I believe.
Perhaps she feels that there's something left...
that she wants to do during our summer vacation?
I've been wondering this since I got here, but you seem awfully cheerful about this.
It's because we've finally been able to solve the mystery
of the frequent feelings of deja vu that I've had recently.
Now that I think about it, those inexplicable feelings may have been
remnants from when our memories have been reset.
Is it possible that other people across the world feel this, too?
It doesn't seem that way. You and I are a special case.
It appears that the people who are closest to Miss Suzumiya
are able to sense this strangeness.
What about Haruhi? Does she sense any of this at all?
Not at all, it seems. It would probably be bad for us if she did.
However, I believe that there is one person who remembers everything,
more than the deja vu that we do.
- Is that right? - It is.
- You remember all of it? - Right.
So, how many times have we repeated all of this, this time?
This is the 15,521st time.
15,521?
What do you mean by 15,521?
Are you serious?
I am.
You're saying that we've done the exact same things that many times?
They're not all guaranteed to happen.
Out of 15,521 repetitions, there are two occasions,
2,391 and 11,054, where we did not go to a Bon festival.
A pattern where we did go to a Bon festival,
but did not go to a goldfish scooping stand, occurred 437 times.
We had a part-time job 9,048 times, and when we did,
there are six different kinds of jobs that we did.
In addition to handing out balloons, we also worked as movers, cashiers,
handed out flyers, worked as call center-
I got it, that's enough. Handed out flyers, worked as call center-
15,521 times, that's what Nagato said.
Times two weeks, hmm, that's around 595 years.
She alone has memories of all that time, repeating it all over and over...
Nagato, how must it feel to experience that same period of time over and over again?
I've heard yet another crazy story.
- I wonder if they exist. - If what exist?
- Martians. - I kind of don't want them to.
It doesn't look like anyone's on the surface,
so they're probably a reserved people, living underground.
When man finally sets foot on Mars,
How about if they just appear normally?
Oh, I'm bored of this. UFOs. Let's look for UFOs.
The next day, we went stargazing.
The location was Nagato's apartment,
and the telescope was one that Koizumi had gotten for us.
Exactly what does she want to do?
Now what could that be?
If we could figure that out, this would all be solved...
How about trying this out?
Give Miss Suzumiya a sudden embrace from behind
then whisper I love you into her ear.
And who would be doing that?
Is there anyone else who could fill the role other than you?
No, I refuse.
All right, how about if I do it?
I'm kidding. I'm lacking a certain something for the role.
And all that would do is cause unnecessary confusion in Miss Suzumiya.
Hey, Nagato,
you were aware of this loop before Miss Asahina said anything, right?
Yes.
If that's the case, why didn't you say anything?
SOS Brigade Test of Courage Challenge Leave the doll here as proof!
SOS Brigade Test of Courage Challenge Leave the doll here as proof! It's my job to observe.
I see...
We continued to run through a torrent of summer vacation events.
We went to a real fireworks show,
and we even took part in a goby fishing tournament.
We also went to a batting center, watched some movies,
went to the beach, went bowling, and even sang karaoke.
We were always doing something.
Of course, I knew that this wasn't going to satisfy Haruhi.
Even so, there wasn't anything I could do about it,
and the last days of our summer vacation ticked away.
And so we ended up at August 30th...
With this, we've finished everything on our list.
Hey, no scribbling.
I wonder if this was good enough.
But, hmm... I guess this works.
Hey, is there anything else you want to do?
That's fine, then.
We were able to do a lot this summer, so that's enough, right?
No, it's not. You're still not satisfied.
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
Wait... Haruhi...
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
I can't let Haruhi leave.
If she goes, we'll end up repeating these past two weeks
for the some-thousandth time.
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
What should I do? What should I say?
There must have been a hint somewhere in what Haruhi said.
But what was it?
What has she said up to this point?
I don't know... I can't remember...
Okay, we're done for today.
I had tomorrow set aside just in case, but you can just take the day off.
Let's meet again in the clubroom the day after tomorrow.
Whatever, it doesn't matter anymore.
August 31st. I haven't touched my homework.
Oh, forget it.
If we're just going to do it all over again, then there's no point to doing it.
Whether tomorrow comes or not, I'll leave it to the me at that time to deal with it.
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
nazenara That's because
basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
