I shouldn't have gotten a cell phone.
I know I'm the one who's staying out without telling her,
but Hachi didn't even email me once.
That made her look more selfish to me and it irritated me.
I don't want the strength of our bonds
to be tested by some communication device.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
CHECKING FOR MESSAGES
NO NEW MESSAGES
I haven't been home for nine days.
The more time passes, the harder it becomes for me to go home.
But I can't continue living here.
What am I gonna do?
How does Hachi spend her time all alone in that room?
Trapnest's recording schedule
was extended past what was originally planned,
and the band members were all stuck inside together.
It was clear that Hachi was lonely every day.
I couldn't imagine that self-centered guy contacting her much.
But I couldn't feel any sympathy for her.
This is the life that Hachi chose.
Good morning!
You sure are up early, Takumi. Did you get some rest?
No. I'm about to take a nap now.
Is that so? You've been working hard, haven't you?
How is Reira doing?
She's sleeping well.
It seems that the medicine the doctor prescribed for her is working.
Sleeping pills?
Maybe I should get some, too.
You can't sleep either, Takumi?
I may be able to sleep if you came to my room.
I'm not going!
How lonely.
I can't take it anymore... this ascetic life.
Then we have to be sure and get this finished today.
Right. Our schedule's been really messed up.
Take's in tears.
I'm sure your fiancee's also in tears from loneliness.
You know, that's really not the case.
She sends me several emails a day, and she says stuff like
I KNITTED SOCKS (-) I knitted socks.
She seems to be having fun.
Socks?
She's thinking way, way ahead.
The baby's not due until May of next year.
Oh, for the baby!
But why is it that
women don't want to talk about the real important things,
but want to report unimportant stuff?
Don't think of it as unimportant. Please just remember to reply, okay?
I am. I write things like,
MAKE A PAIR FOR DADDY TOO (3) make a pair for Daddy too.
Really?
But what if she really knit me a pair?
An identical pair to the kid's? That would be too painful.
You'll hafta wear them. It would be a sight not to be missed.
I was hoping Hachi would be so lonely that she'd be longing for me.
Nana Osaki? Yeah, I remember. The rabbits, right?
Huh? The rabbits?
Oh, hey! Don't film this!
Is this gonna air on TV?
No, it's for a magazine article. Don't worry.
I don't wanna get involved. Did Osaki do something?
When we were in fifth grade,
the rabbits in the rabbit cage were found slaughtered one morning.
Everyone accused Osaki
because you'd expect something like that from a gloomy kid like her.
Miss Osaki was pretty, so she stood out in junior high,
but she was so anti-social. People hated her for that.
She was bullied?
I'm not too sure about that, but I did hear rumors
that she got angry and beat up a senior who harassed her.
Osaki's the girl who got kicked outta school
when they found out that she was selling her body, right?
What did she do this time?
So, as you can see,
it was almost like investigating a criminal's past.
She's the best! That Nana Osaki!
There is so much to write about her.
But I am so exhausted.
Why do I, a photographer, end up having to go after stories like this?
We're short of staff!
Can I go home for the day?
Ren Honjo's still locked up in the studio, right?
Yeah. Why are they taking ten days to record just a couple of songs?
Are they having some issues?
Chief, it appears that Trapnest has finished recording.
The band members have started going home.
Kurata!
I'll have an article ready and reserve a big space for you.
I'm counting on you. For a shot of the two.
How do you like the new song, Director Matsuo, Producer Kawano?
I like it. It's complete with energy
- and a little sexiness! - Great!
That was more than satisfactory!
Then please let us record it right away.
And we really need you to decide on an agency for us soon.
We are working on it little by little.
Is he really?! That raccoon bastard!
- Raccoon! - It's not a laughing matter!
Yeah, that name suits that man, all right.
You drunk already?
There's no use trying anymore for this.
Shin. Are you at all serious about doing this?
You've gotta realize that
the company's not about to invest in a risky new band.
They say Gaia's not about to invest money
in an old fashioned punk band like ours.
What's this?
Who said that?
I am really sorry.
I'm sorry it's not going anywhere, all due to my lack of ability.
It's not your fault, Mr. Kawano.
Our band just doesn't have what it takes.
No, your band is not the problem.
Due to the recession, Gaia is reluctant to promote new bands.
This is a tough time for bands in general.
But Trapnest's album has sold almost three million copies.
Well, I guess a big part of their success lies with their vocalist Reira.
She is attractive enough to ride the diva boom.
I'm worthless unless I sing.
But the same goes for your vocalist, Nana.
I'm not about to give up, Yasu.
We're not giving up that easily either.
Then will you give me a bit more time?
Our temporary contract is for three months, right?
We signed the contract because we trust you, Mr. Kawano.
We'll keep our promise.
Really? Thank you.
I should be thanking you.
I appreciate that you put this much heart into this.
But you can't do business on heart alone.
But I have no desire to turn music into a heartless business.
In our band, we have people like Nana and Shin
who have had the misfortune of not being loved by those around them.
I don't want them thinking
this world is nothing but money and greed, after all.
But I'm sure there will be many more situations in the future
when they will be forced to think that way.
So it would be so encouraging to have someone like you
who will support our band with passion and love.
Is it too much to ask?
The burden you carry on your shoulders seems much greater.
Let me carry half of it. Don't try to carry all that you can.
If both your hands are full,
you won't be able to take action when you need to.
Here.
I guess you're right.
You still drinking, Nobu?
How could I not drink?! Who cares about the recession?
It feels like I've been laid off.
Have Hachi comfort you.
I can't blame it on the recession.
I just need to write songs that will convince the guys at Gaia.
Give me that!
Say, did something happen between you and Hachi, Nobu?
Nobody talks about Hachi anymore at the studio.
Shin.
Don't you ever mention that name again.
Even Nobu has a thing or two he would rather not talk about.
By the way, why did you buy this acoustic guitar?
No real reason. I'm going out.
Must be nice. The little boy has many older women to comfort him.
Even one who would buy him a guitar.
I bought it on my own.
But you bought it with the money you got from women, right?
It's the same thing.
Nana...
When you get everything you want so easily,
you lose that hungry spirit within you.
There's no use trying?
If you have the time to play your acoustic guitar,
practice the bass.
I shouldn't hafta be lectured by some vocalist
who can't even stop smoking.
- What?! - Ah, Nana!
Same goes for you, Nana. Where did you get your new guitar?
It's not something you could buy with your pay.
And it's unsuitable for someone like you who can hardly play it.
I borrowed it from Ren!
Then what about those clothes?
They've all been given by Misato and Ren, right?
Nana!
What's wrong with that?!
Don't compare me with someone like you who sells his body!
Don't be provoked!
I'm the one who doesn't wanna be compared with you.
I receive what's appropriate for my efforts.
But Nana, all you're doing is cuddling up to Ren's kindness.
Shin!
That guy... Is he at the rebellious phase?
Wh-Why are you taking your clothes off?!
Damn it!
Is it wrong?
Is it wrong to accept kindness?!
No, there's nothing wrong about that.
Don't worry about it, okay? Shin's only trying to justify himself.
I think you should let Ren spoil you more.
Don't let some stupid pride force you into a corner.
REN
Hello.
Oh, Nobu. Sorry to call you at this hour.
Were you asleep?
No,
I'm still up.
Things going well?
Yeah.
Are you sure about that?
There's no way you don't know about Hachiko, right?
Yeah. But...
I guess it can't be helped.
Honestly, there's nothing I can do for her right now...
So you're finally able to face the reality.
Try and relate to the trouble your parents went through to raise you, okay?
Yes, I'm sorry.
You're being too obedient. You're no fun to tease.
By the way, Nana's at my place right now.
Huh? She's at your place?
I was getting worried because I can't reach her on her cell phone.
And she hasn't replied to my emails.
Huh?
Really? Maybe she's forgotten to switch it on.
After band practice, Nana, Shin and I were drinking together.
Actually, Ren,., Nana's been acting a bit strange lately.
She's always been short-tempered, but her mood swings are intense.
Even just now, she got into an argument with Shin,
she got all panicky, and started crying.
Also, she told me not to tell anyone, but at one point,
she said she sometimes can't remember what she's been doing.
Yeah, she has been acting a bit strange.
Nana...
Nana, get up!
At least put your clothes on.
Shut up.
If you're a man come at me.
Show me what you're made of.
Ren said he's coming to pick you up.
If he sees you like that he'll get the wrong idea.
He should be here any time now.
He doesn't hafta come!
Why not? First, get dressed!
What if he got followed by a mosquito?! That'll be trouble.
A mosquito?
The paparazzi are after us! I hear Naoki was saying so.
There's no doubt about it.
But I'm sure it's fine.
If it weren't, I doubt Ren would say he'd come pick you up.
He has no idea of the damage a scandal can cause!
He kept calling me to his place
without saying a word about being targeted.
He only thinks of himself.
I don't wanna draw attention as Ren's girl.
Return the guitar to him.
And tell him that I won't be seeing him for a while.
Is your pride that important to you?
Ren needs you, you know.
You're the one who's only thinking about yourself.
A moon that's not quite full.
That's how I feel when I'm with Ren.
No matter how deeply we love each other.
I'll bet there's no one who can really make me feel complete.
But when I'm on stage... I become complete.
I must protect it. My dream.
No matter what I end up sacrificing.
I wonder if Hachi's sleeping.
What time is it now?
Where's my cell phone?
It's annoying to have, but so inconvenient not to have.
Takumi might be there. But it is my home.
There's no need for me to hold back.
It's quiet.
Isn't she here?
Maybe she's sleeping with Takumi.
But she may be alone.
Whatever, I don't know what to think.
TO NANA
TO NANA
TO NANA
What's this?
What's she up to?
Hachi!
Hachiko, are you here?!
You know, Hachi...
Back then, when you kept losing yourself in love...
Maybe you too were struggling to feel complete, just like me.
If so, then I can understand some of those feelings you had.
It's just that I couldn't back then.
Does the new life you protected at all costs make you feel complete even now?
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
