First, I'd like to say, thank you!
Well that was sudden.
Me too! Thank you!
To everyone who's watching this...
It's all thanks to the warm breeze of love that you've sent us!
Thank you! Thank you!
We're really grateful.
It's a wonderful miracle, isn't it?
No kinda-sappy lines allowed!
Huh? No kinda-sappy lines allowed!
Huh?
Dear Ai, yesterday's rain has finally let up, and the weather is very pleasant today.
But Alicia will be out all day, so the shop is closed.
Not only that, but Aika has work and Alice is at school.
So, President Aria and I are going out, too!
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
That Little Secret Place...
This is a completely residential area, so there's usually no reason to come here when giving tours.
But it's definitely another face of Neo-Venezia.
The scenery here never seems to change.
The rain finally let up yesterday, so I think we have a good chance.
Ready, President Aria?
Ready, set!
Ta-daa!
It's full of laundry, just like we thought!
There's even more over here!
The laundry is blissfully swimming in the sky.
Hey!
You dirtied your clothes already?
But... there was a puddle!
And I just finished doing the laundry, too.
Honestly...
But that Sylph guy said it's good for me to have so much energy! Honestly...
But that Sylph guy said it's good for me to have so much energy!
But that Sylph guy said it's good for me to have so much energy! You have too much energy! For goodness' sake...
You have too much energy! For goodness' sake...
Huh?
We can see the Campanile from here too, can't we, President Aria?
President Aria?
President Aria...
Here you go.
This scenery hasn't changed either, from the time I first came to this city.
We're getting a little hungry, aren't we?
Well then, shall we go have lunch?
Ah, I know!
Why don't we go eat that?
You know, that exciting, heart-pounding dish we had the other day at a restaurant near here.
Let's go, shall we?
Well then, off we go!
So, two orders then?
Yes.
Certainly. Please wait just a moment.
Exciting, exciting.
Thank you for waiting.
Well? Isn't it neat?
I've always loved getting this restaurant's polenta served up like a volcano, ever since I was a kid.
I can really sense the history behind it.
Time to eat.
Let's order that the next time we come here.
Thank you for waiting.
It's here!
Here's your chitarra.
Exciting, exciting.
Exciting, exciting.
Exciting, exciting.
All right, go ahead.
Okay!
It's so much fun!
Yes, yes.
Go ahead.
It looks delicious, doesn't it?
That was delicious, wasn't it?
President Aria...
President Aria!
We're so stuffed, aren't we, President Aria?
Ah, I'm starving. Maybe I'll get some pizza...
Huh?
Isn't that Sideburns?
Just as I was hoping I'd run into Alicia on my day off, too.
Geez, she just doesn't get it, does she?
Oh well, maybe I'll go yank on her sideburns as a greeting anyway.
Why don't we try going this way?
Huh? She's gone.
Which way did she go?
Where is she?
Where is she, where is she?
Where is she, where is she, where is she?
Where is she, where is she, where is she, where is she, where is she, where is she?!
I guess I lost her.
Ma'am, give me a slice of tomato pizza.
Sure.
Thank you for your business.
There she is!
They have some new outfits, President Aria!
What is she doing?
Akatsukin!
Huh?
Are you off today?
Yeah.
Are you going to our middle school reunion, Akatsukin?
Yeah.
Then I'll send the RSVPs for both of us.
Yeah.
That pizza sure looks good.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Thanks!
She went inside.
See ya.
Yeah. See ya.
Yeah.
Huh? My pizza...
Where'd it go?
It looks great on you.
I'm happy for you, President Aria.
Caffe Florian's restoration has begun, President Aria.
I'm sure it'll be more radiant than ever when it's reborn.
I lost her again.
Stupid fast girl!
She's elusive, that's for sure.
Huh? It won't open.
This entrance is off limits to the public. Please use the elevator like everyone else.
What? But I-
It can't be helped!
Thank you so much.
Not at all. Come again anytime. Ah, and please send Alicia my regards.
I will!
This is taking forever!
What?!
How in the world did she...
You're not getting away this time! Prepare yourself to be caught!
Huh? Pony-boy?
I wonder what he's doing.
He's really acting sneaky, isn't he?
Junior.
I wonder where he's headed?
Who knows.
Want to go see?
Yes!
We haven't been here for a while, have we?
It's a tourist attraction, so there are lots of people nearby.
But strangely, no one ever notices this spot.
Not Aika, not Alice... I bet not even Alicia knows about it.
It's my very own place.
If I stay here like this, no one can find me.
President Aria, the city of Neo-Venezia is changing little by little, isn't it?
It's not here!
I can't find the stairway anywhere!
Where is it?!
Just how did she get up there?
Could that be it?
Is it all right to enter without permission?
Eh, whatever.
Oh, wow!
You can see the entire inside stretch of the basilica from here.
Horse butts...
She's sleeping...
BIG-DOUBLE-SIDEBURN-YANK!!
That'll teach you, Sideburns!
Akatsuki, an ambush isn't fair.
I've finally caught you.
Caught me?
Come to think of it, why did I have to follow Sideburns in the first place?
No, I absolutely was not following you!
At any rate, I'm amazed you managed to find your way up here.
The stairs leading up here are inconspicuous, so most people don't even notice them.
it was a piece a cake.
So, what brings you to this place?
The truth is, there's someone here that I'm interested in.
So every once in a while, I secretly come here to see him.
You see this person in secret?
Yes. You see this person in secret?
Yes.
Just the two of you?
Yes. Just the two of you?
Yes.
Ah, but President Aria is with us, too.
He always gazes out to sea from here, all alone.
Sideburns, just who is this guy?
Huh?
I'm asking you who he is!
It's this person right here.
But anyway, come here Akatsuki, come here.
Huh? What is it? But anyway, come here Akatsuki, come here.
Huh? What is it?
If you crouch here, you can see the world from his point of view.
See?
A white seabird with a tilted neck... Kubi o kashigeta shiroi umidori
Soon, a ship sailing beyond the sky... Sora no mukou no fune ga mousugu
Soon, a ship sailing beyond the sky... Sora no mukou no fune ga mousugu Surrounded by this scenery that never changes, happy things, new things, even sad things...
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku It's just like how the shapes of the clouds and the color of the sea are always quietly changing.
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku
The person I long to see has gone to a far-off land... Aitai hito tooi kuni e itta
The person I long to see has gone to a far-off land... Aitai hito tooi kuni e itta For hundreds of years, a time so unfathomably long,
The person I long to see has gone to a far-off land... Aitai hito tooi kuni e itta he has been watching over this piazza, unbeknownst to everyone.
That's why...
Until the bells ring, I shall wait here Kane ga naru made koko de machimashou
Aprecious treasure that was left behind Oiteitta no daiji na takaramono
I dream of a birdcage that lost its key Kagi o nakushita torikago no yume
Surely, you'll come searching for it Kitto sagashi ni kitekureru yo
Voices fly about as a shower of flower petals dance Tobikau koe afuredasu hanabira ga mau yo
Voices fly about as a shower of flower petals dance Tobikau koe afuredasu hanabira ga mau yo I won't tell anyone.
Voices fly about as a shower of flower petals dance Tobikau koe afuredasu hanabira ga mau yo
Voices fly about as a shower of flower petals dance Tobikau koe afuredasu hanabira ga mau yo Let's make this our secret base.
I long to hear your voice, since the window I painted... Kikitai koe enogu de kaita mado Let's make this our secret base.
I long to hear your voice, since the window I painted... Kikitai koe enogu de kaita mado Yours and mine.
I long to hear your voice, since the window I painted... Kikitai koe enogu de kaita mado
Okay!
Now now, don't mind us. Go on, go on.
Uh...
Sorry to interrupt.
We were really just passing by.
Hold it right there!
Oh Ho Ho Ho Ho Hold it right there!
Oh Ho Ho Ho Ho Stop getting the wrong idea, Gachapen!
Stop getting the wrong idea, Gachapen!
You better not tell Alicia anything! Understand?!
This was supposed to be my secret place... You better not tell Alicia anything! Understand?!
I see...
It just became everyone's special place, starting today.
The person I long to see... Aitai hito
The person I long to see... Aitai hito In this city that never changes, little by little, things begin to change.
In this city that never changes, little by little, things begin to change.
The voice I long to hear... Kikitai koe
The voice I long to hear... Kikitai koe I'm sure that I will, too.
The voice I long to hear... Kikitai koe
The voice I long to hear... Kikitai koe Akari, the next time we meet, both you and Neo-Venezia will have changed a little bit.
Akari, the next time we meet, both you and Neo-Venezia will have changed a little bit.
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku Akari, the next time we meet, both you and Neo-Venezia will have changed a little bit.
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku Wait...
Lively people gathered among colorful glass Nigiwau hito iro toridori no garasuzaiku Does that mean I will have changed a little bit, too?
The person I long to see has gone to a far-off land... Aitai hito tooi kuni e itta Does that mean I will have changed a little bit, too?
The person I long to see has gone to a far-off land... Aitai hito tooi kuni e itta
I'm back!
