The strawberry glasses were still being sold at the 100 yen store.
But when I thought about how importantly Hachi treated them
without buying any spares,
the cut on my left cheek that I don't even remember getting
started hurting like hell.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
That will be 105 yen.
Tonight, I'll return home and apologize to Hachi.
Thank you very much.
The glass probably broke.
I can't remember, but I think that's what happened.
It's also a mystery how I ended up at Ren's place
when I was trying to be careful not to cause a scandal...
I can't rely on Yasu's kindness anymore.
Because Yasu isn't mine.
Reira, I'm sorry, but I've gotta get back to work right away.
Sorry.
I'll come home as soon as I can.
Can you be here on your own until then?
I'm locking the door behind me. Don't open the door for anyone.
I'm sorry, Yasu, to call you outta the blue like this.
I couldn't think of anyone else I could depend on.
I ran away from the recording.
Takumi said he's getting married, and I couldn't bring myself to sing.
But I don't know where to go.
No matter where I go, I feel like everyone's watching me.
I'm scared.
If people found out that I ran away from a recording,
they'd be disappointed in me.
The staff, and the fans,.,
They'd ditch me, saying I'm finished. But I can't sing.
What am I to do?
I'm worthless unless I sing.
I just heard back from Mr. Takeda!
She didn't go back to the hotel either!
She left with her stuff, right?
Did you try calling her cell phone?
Several times, but she won't answer.
But why did she run away like that?
She was all excited until a bit earlier, saying she's gonna sell a million copies.
Does anyone have any clue where else she might've gone?
I was transferred here recently,
so there's still much I don't know about Reira's private life.
Maybe she went to her secret lover!
IGNORED Maybe she went to her secret lover!
IGNORED
IGNORED Come to think of it, does she have any close friends?
Come to think of it, does she have any close friends?
I haven't a clue. Don't ask me.
But Takumi, you and Reira have been friends since you were kids, right?
So what?
Nothing.
What should we do, Takumi?
Should we proceed with recording anyway?
With all this commotion around us, we can't concentrate.
We can't do it.
I guess.
I'm sorry.
It's okay, Mari. Your job is to take care of Reira,
so just worry about Reira and not about anything else.
Okay.
If you understand that, then go find her and drag her back!
I'm sorry.
Don't cry Mari. That guy is scary. I'm scared of him, too.
Drinking on the job?
It's water!
If work is that important to you, don't go saying something
that would upset our songstress before the recording.
If it's to test her professionalism,
you're being too much of an evil coach.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Don't try to act stupid! You know Reira's in love with you.
Don't put it so simply!
Years of acting like I didn't know just went down the drain!
Acting like you don't know won't solve the problem.
If you get married,
Reira might not be able to sing anymore, y'know.
If me getting married means she's gonna stop singing,
then we have big problems.
I have no feelings of love for her. I can't help it.
Well, I guess.
But if Reira won't sing, Trapnest is finished.
I know that! So what do you want me to do?!
If the lord showed a little more love, the princess might wanna sing.
Are you telling me to do it with Reira?!
She's like a little sister to me! There's no way I could do that!
But you're not a blood relative.
That's not the point!
But you've always been the type to do whatever it takes
to achieve your objectives.
Compared to marrying an ordinary girl who's only after your money,
you'll end up with a larger castle with a marriage of convenience to Reira.
CASTLE?! - Castle? - It fits.
I never knew you were
FROM THE EDO PERIOD? so ambitious.
I'd never do such a thing. I'm just suggesting a way of living
for someone as greedy and brutal as you.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Don't try to act like you are a good person!
You're the man who abandoned your woman and friends!
You even sold your soul, all for your own success!
Although I'm the one who bought it.
My soul?
You were a punk rocker to the core.
You were coolest when you could play whatever you wanted in a small hut.
Although you still... are a pretty cool guy...
I wanna hear Ren Honjo's soul shout!
But don't you think it's funny?
The bigger the castle gets, the more confining it feels?
Before I knew it, I had locked my cute little sister
in the top of the high tower.
Even though I can't love her.
That's the greatest sin of my life.
But she only knows how to sing, and nothing else.
And I can't turn back now.
If only there were a prince who'd climb up that tower to hold her.
Turn off your phone at least when we're recording!
AN ANIME SONG RINGTONE? But we're not recording.
Yeah, but at least have it on silent.
Hello, darling! No, that's okay.
The Lord is in a foul mood, so we're not getting any work done.
He's right beside me.
Who is it?!
The former prince. Though he's bald.
Um, excuse me. You're Takumi from Trapnest, right?
I'm a huge fan of yours! Can I shake your hand?
Thank you so much!
Who's that, Mommy? Someone who sings songs?
Someone who plays instruments.
Wasn't that great?
Sorry. Causing you trouble at a busy time for you.
Reira will hate me again for doing this.
But for her to say she's worthless unless she sings?
I didn't break up with her so I could hear her say such things.
Do something about it.
If that's how you feel, then you do something about it.
Being the hated one is my exclusive right.
Yasu, you traitor!
- That baldie! - Reira, please calm down!
It's all right! I won't take you back!
The recording has been postponed!
Takumi asked that you be given time off until you're ready to sing again.
He went and talked to the president about this himself.
We'll have to rearrange the schedule, but at the very least,
you will be able to take off this entire week
that was set aside for recording.
Isn't that great? Takumi may say some harsh things,
but he certainly thinks about you, Reira.
You're wrong, Mari.
Huh?
Takumi has abandoned me.
He doesn't need a singer who runs away from her job!
What are you saying?! I'm sure that's not true!
I'm sorry Mari.
I'll return to the studio right away, so let everyone know.
But you couldn't possibly sing in this condition.
Please! Don't take away my chance to sing!
Singing is all I've got.
This restaurant pisses me off. Don't play Trapnest songs.
Play some Enka!
You're ruining our ramen noodles, old man!
I'm sorry! We'll eat quickly and leave.
It's only natural that the radio would play what's popular.
Besides, it's a song Ren wrote. You should like it.
This isn't Ren's.
But more importantly, you need to see a doctor.
A doctor?
Memory loss isn't normal at all. I'll come with you.
No way!
You know, you've been rude lately, telling me I'm strange.
But you were saying that yourself, too.
You could have some kinda brain disease.
You should get it checked.
I'm fine. Darn. I shouldn't have told you.
Annoying, annoying, annoying!
Thanks for the meal.
Now, I'll listen to your whining as I promised.
It's all right.
If I tell you, you might just rub salt in the wound.
I wanna hear it!
How could things have come to this in one day?!
Come to this?
Don't you know? What the hell have you been doing?
What about you?!
Where have you been hiding since last night?!
At such an important time for Hachi! That's so cold of you!
As a friend,
shouldn't you have gone straight to her and heard what she had to say?
She would only cry and apologize to me.
She wouldn't tell me anything.
So you went.
You two are both women.
She might've opened up and talked to you about her true feelings.
But when I went back this morning,
Hachiko wouldn't say a word to me either!
She had Takumi do all the talking.
What did he say?
It's okay. Tell me. Nothing will shock me anymore.
He said they're getting married.
You ARE shocked! Of course you are!
It makes no sense, right?!
I'm sorry, Nobu. Are you all right?
Well, ah... yeah.
I sorta knew it was over from the way Nana was acting yesterday.
Nana?
After all, it's Takumi she loves. I knew that from the beginning.
But you called her Hachi in front of everyone.
But I'm part of this, so why am I on the outside of the fence?
Am I that unreliable to her?
It's okay to cry, Nobuo!
Cry on my shoulder!
What are you doing?!
This is no time to be embarrassed! It's just between us.
But people are staring...
So what?! You're too short to be acting cool anyway!
Don't call me short! At least I'm taller than you!
I know that!
I also know that you've got a heart way bigger than mine!
Before I met you, I hated everyone!
I couldn't trust anybody!
But then when I met you,
I felt for the first time that this world isn't all that bad after all!
Terashima. Thanks for these.
You are not unreliable, Nobu.
Don't get down on yourself just because some girl dumped you.
Your spikes are digging into my neck.
Nobu's shoulders are way scrawnier than Ren's,
but they weren't shaking.
I was offering him my shoulder,
but ended up borrowing his instead.
I owe Nobu so much.
So I really can't make up with Hachi.
I'll take the strawberry glass to Ren's place.
WEEKLY SEARCH MAGAZINE EDITING DEPT. I can't use this!
How could you stick with them for a full month
and not get a shot of them together?!
Because they're on completely different schedules,
and never leave the place together, you see!
Don't you see me!
You probably did something to make them cautious.
All of you!
Idiots!
Let's just give up on that idea
and write an article using two different shots.
I'm not compromising.
You want someone else beating us to the story?
Kurata. Fly to their hometown immediately.
Huh?
Trapnest is recording in the studio every day this week.
Following them won't do us any good.
CONFIDENTIAL In the meantime,
gather everything you can on Ren Honjo and Nana Osaki's backgrounds.
What a drag.
Gaia seems to be reluctant about giving BLAST their debut,
but this'll make the greatest Battle of the Bands.
I'll create a huge festival for you
and bring you onto the same stage as Trapnest in a heartbeat.
You should thank me, Nana Osaki.
The curtains are about to rise on your fateful game.
Miss Komatsu. Registered mail for you!
MISS NANA KOMATSU, THANK YOU FOR CONSULTING WITH OUR FIRM. WE'VE GATHERED SOME LISTINGS OF PROPERTIES THAT FIT THE CONDITIONS YOU NOTED THE OTHER DAY. PLEASE REVIEW THE MATERIAL. IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO VIEW ANY OF THE PROPERTIES, PLEASE CONTACT ME AT THE NUMBER BELOW. I LOOK
MONTHLY RENT 1,000,000 YEN
You know, Hachi... I was hostile towards Trapnest
because I was envious of Reira for stealing Ren's heart,
not as a woman but as a singer.
I only wanted Ren to notice me more.
I never wanted to make them my enemy.
It's so moving, isn't it?
This'll sell way more than a million.
How much harder are you gonna push her until you're satisfied?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
At least let me accompany her with my guitar.
Since I can't hug her.
But ever since that day when you were taken away from me,
I couldn't help but feel the need to defeat them.
I wanted you back... no matter what.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
