Okay, on to the next scene.
Yuki, use your magic to take out Mikuru.
The answer is no!, of course.
I can't give my permission for you to use your magic, let alone hurt Miss Asahina.
Look, Miss Asahina's turning blue and shaking from fear.
Oh well. We'll use CG effects in this scene.
Kyon, put in a beam coming from Yuki's wand, okay?
How am I supposed to put in a visual effect like that?
Okay, Mikuru, now scream! And fall over, like you're in pain.
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
Doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo That's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BOY kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
Tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
Jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
Kudaranai yarikata kette Kick away the boring ways of doing things,
subete wa atashi ga kimeru I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin And just keep going forward, no matter what
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) The idea of impossible
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
Mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
Hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want
Marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
Marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
We need a scene with pigeons.
There's a shrine nearby. We're heading there next.
We're going to shoot a scene of Mikuru walking along
as some pigeons go flying into the air.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya III
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya III I'd love it if these pigeons were all completely white.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya III Please don't feed the pigeons I'd love it if these pigeons were all completely white.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya III
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya III In this case, I'll let the color slide.
In this case, I'll let the color slide.
Can't you read Japanese?
What in the world am I supposed to be filming?
This is it, Kyon! Be sure to shoot it!
Why are you sitting down, Mikuru!?
Hey, you!
What!?
Retreat!
You don't eat much, do you, Mikuru?
You'll never grow bigger if you don't eat more.
If you only focus on growing your breasts, you'll only appeal to a hardcore fan base.
Be sure to get taller, too.
I already know.
I don't know how many years from now it will be, but Miss Asahina will eventually
have a face and a body good enough for her to enter the Miss Universe pageant.
Though I don't think she knows that.
Haruhi, what are you going to do if that priest complains to the school?
Koizumi's school uniform is a dead giveaway.
It'll probably be okay. We were pretty far away, and blazers are fairly common.
Even if he says something, we can just play stupid.
Once we show the movie, I'm pretty sure our cover will be blown in an instant.
I can't imagine there's more than one waitress who would come out
to this shrine and walk amongst the pigeons.
So where are we going next?
Let's go back to the park again.
Now that I think about it, what we got wasn't enough for a fight scene.
Mikuru, being chased through the forest by Yuki, running for her life.
How about we have Mikuru fall off a cliff,
and then she's saved by Koizumi, who just happened to be walking by?
What a slapdash way to come up with the story.
This is Haruhi we're talking about, so she might actually throw her off a cliff.
You should fall instead. Put on that costume and be her stunt double.
Well, your breasts aren't quite as big, but...
What are you imagining?
You're not imagining me as a waitress, are you?
You mind reader...
Are we three the only ones appearing in the film?
Don't ask needless questions, you jerk.
Well... I wonder, is three people not enough?
Koizumi, you helped me realize something important.
As a reward, I'll give you more screen time.
Well... thank you.
Serves you right.
I didn't say anything because I knew I'd be stirring up a hornet's nest.
You've got to take out the minions before you can defeat the boss, right?
Minions... minions...
- They'll do, right? - That works!
Taniguchi and Kunikida. They're perfect supporting characters,
and what's more, they're the ultimate minions.
In any case, we're going to have horrible things happen to you, Mikuru.
After all, the theme of this movie is a pitiful girl
that has horrible things happen to her getting a happy ending!
The bigger Mikuru's misfortune is, the bigger the cathartic release will be!
Why are you acting like I'm unreliable?
And so we returned to the wooded park.
Let's get rid of the guns.
I thought more amazing bullets would come out of them,
but they don't give off any flashy sounds or flames.
They just don't feel realistic.
Mikuru, you stand here.
Yuki, you stand here.
Don't move from those spots, okay?
I want to shoot a scene where you two are staring each other down.
Koizumi, get the reflector ready.
Action!
What the!?
Action? Haruhi, all you've told them to do is stand there.
What kind of action are they supposed to take?
Come on, you guys! That won't make for a battle scene at all.
Well, they're just standing there, after all.
Listen, Mikuru.
You can't rest on your laurels just because you're cute!
There are tons of other cute girls out there, after all.
If you just leave things be, you'll be overtaken by all the young up-and-comers!
What is she trying to say?
That's why you have to at least have a beam come from your eye, Mikuru!
I can't!
That's why your left eye is a different color.
I didn't make it blue for no reason.
The idea is that there's incredible power hidden within it.
That's what the beam is. It's the Mikuru Beam.
- That's what you need to fire off. - I can't!
Show some spirit and fire it!
It hurts!
You idiot!
Cut it out!
What are you doing?
- You need to calm down! - Let go!
How the hell is a normal human supposed to shoot a beam from their eye?
Are you stupid or something?
I know that.
I just wanted her to show some spirit, as if a beam might come out.
She lacks the drive you need to be a lead in a movie, after all.
You don't get jokes, do you?
That's because your jokes turn out to not be jokes.
What'll happen if Miss Asahina really gets the ability to shoot a beam from her eye?
You can't, right?
After we shoot the scene, we can figure something out using CG, right?
Thank you.
And who's going to do that?
That's what I meant from the start.
This take was no good. Let's take it from the top again.
Shout, Mikuru Beam! While you pose like this.
L-Like this?
No, like this! And close your right eye.
Okay, Mikuru. Try saying it.
Louder this time!
Mikuru Beam!
Be less embarrassed about it, and louder!
M-M-Mikuru Beam!
Project from your diaphragm!
The stares coming from the families watching us are starting to hurt...
Okay! Now let's try this for real!
Now, use the beam!
M-M-Mikuru Beam!
Huh? Yuki, when did you go over there?
Cut, cut!
Miss Nagato!
Hold on, Yuki, what are you doing?
- What are you doing? Hey, Nagato! - This isn't in the script.
Are you all right?
Huh?
Oh, what are you two doing?
Please don't do anything that's not in the script.
Huh? Mikuru, what happened to the contact lens?
Huh?
At a time like this, you ask the one person who looks like they know what's going on.
Nagato, do you know what happened to Miss Asahina's color contact?
- I don't. - That's a lie.
I wonder if it fell out during your struggle.
Why can't we find it?
Act like you're looking, too.
It might have been blown away by the wind. It is light, after all.
What happened? Did it break?
I guess it was cheap.
Well, it's the Photography Club's, so I guess that's to be expected.
Koizumi, please tape up the back or something.
Right.
Without the color contact, the video won't match up.
What do we do?
Got it! We'll have the eye color change happen after she transforms!
T-Transform?
Of course! It wouldn't be realistic if you wore that costume all the time!
There's something unrealistic about people who want reality in their fiction.
T-That's good. I really would like to wear a more normal outfit!
So your normal clothes are going to be the bunny girl outfit!
W-W-W-Why!?
Because that's all I brought.
And besides, there'd be nothing showy on the screen if she wore normal clothes.
- Well... - Wait!
I just thought of something!
Mikuru is normally a bunny girl who brings in customers for the shopping strip stores.
But when she senses danger, she transforms!
That's when she becomes a battling waitress!
What do you think? Perfect, right?
What happened to the reality you mentioned before?
All right, let's get going.
Ow ow ow ow...
Thank you for all the hard work...
So what was all that ad libbing about?
Here.
So it was you that took it.
Laser.
Hey, Nagato.
I've always noticed that you keep your explanations to the bare minimum.
How about you speak for at least ten seconds?
A coherent, narrow beam of light invisible to the human eye.
I see. A coherent, narrow beam... invisible...
Sorry, I'm even more confused now.
- A laser? - Yes.
That's surprising. May I?
It looks like a normal contact to me.
What do you mean?
Would you show me your right palm?
Oh, not you. I mean Miss Nagato.
It broke through my shield.
Don't be so blase when you say that. Just looking at it hurts.
Incredibly strong. I had to act fast.
Did the beam come from Miss Asahina's left eye?
Correct.
Just correct!?
It will be repaired soon.
Oh, good grief.
Did Miss Asahina actually shoot a beam from her eye?
It's not a particle acceleration cannon. It's cohesive light.
Whatever.
Laser, maser, marker-light FAHP, they're all the same to normal people.
The problem remains the fact that Miss Asahina fired off a heat ray.
Not a heat ray. A photon laser.
I told you, we don't need the scientific details.
Is this an ability that Miss Asahina has always possessed?
No. Currently, Mikuru Asahina is a normal human being.
She is not any different than anyone else.
Could there be some sort of mechanism in that contact?
No. It's a simple cosmetic accessory.
Which means...
If Nagato hadn't protected me, the laser beam that shot out of Miss Asahina's eye
would have probably pierced the video camera's lens, gone through my eye,
roasted various other bits, and then come out the back of my head.
This was Miss Suzumiya's doing.
Because she wanted there to be a Mikuru Beam,
reality changed so that there was one.
Wait a second.
That contact lens hasn't had any magic cast on it, right?
Even if Haruhi wished for it, why did a killer laser beam come out of it?
Miss Suzumiya doesn't need magic or strange scientific technology.
All she needs to do is think something exists, and it will.
But there's no way she actually thinks that a beam would come shooting out of it.
That's true.
We all know that Miss Suzumiya possesses common sense.
However, it's also true that she doesn't subscribe
to the world's sensibilities, either.
There's probably some sort of special situation going on.
That's... Oh, and she's back.
We'll continue this discussion later...
How long are you going to complain? Act more like an actress!
A willingness to strip will put you on the fast track to the blue ribbon!
Okay, sorry to keep you waiting!
Zoom in!
Confirmation completed. It's definitely the Miss Asahina I know.
What are you doing?
You mustn't film anything unless I tell you to.
I know that. Here's your proof - I didn't hit the record button.
I was just looking at her.
Okay, everyone! Eyes here! And get ready.
After that, what I filmed was video of what was supposed to be
Miss Asahina's day-to-day activities.
What kind of day-to-day life is she supposed to have?
And after pulling Miss Asahina this way and that...
Having a mountain in the background just doesn't work.
Let's go to town.
Oh geez.
Miss Asahina wore her bunny girl outfit until the sun set.
The only thing she really did was walk around in that outfit.
The idea of permission to shoot doesn't exist in Haruhi's mind,
so Haruhi was free to just shoot whatever and wherever she wanted to.
This is a dignified freedom, in the same vein as the papal freedom of action
practiced in the time of Pope Innocence III.
Or so I'm told.
The definition of free is being misunderstood.
I guess this works for today.
What a long day. Tomorrow's Sunday, and I'd like to spend it relaxing.
Okay, see you tomorrow.
We'll be meeting up at the same time and place.
What a carefree girl.
I hope she's going to give us some time to change, at least.
What's that? You've got to get the filming done!
We don't have the time to take things slow!
You can relax as much as you want once the school festival is over.
Until then, consider your calendar to be free of days off!
Okay, see you tomorrow!
We're going to complete this movie, no matter what.
No. As long as I'm the director, its completion is guaranteed!
Everything else hinges on your hard work.
Be on time.
Anyone that's late will be lynched and get the death penalty!
I'll tell Miss Asahina.
Tell her what?
About the laser. If she doesn't change the color of her eye,
then a weird laser beam won't come out of it.
Perhaps we should take a precaution, just in case.
I'm sure that she'll cooperate.
After all, a beam would be dangerous.
Man, but Nagato just keeps saving my life.
Hey, Kyon. This isn't what we talked about.
Where's the lovely Miss Asahina?
I came here because you said that she'd come and meet me.
Well, she's not here. I came for the eye candy.
What are you talking about? You're the hero! Well, she's not here. I came for the eye candy.
What are you talking about? You're the hero!
What are you talking about? You're the hero! So what about it?
So what about it?
30 of this movie is riding on you! So what about it?
30 of this movie is riding on you!
All I can see is Suzumiya's angry face.
70 is on me and my genius, of course... That doesn't matter! All I can see is Suzumiya's angry face.
This is a scam!
It's a scam, so just die. Just gaze at Nagato or something.
But you know, that actually looks pretty good on Miss Nagato.
Kyon! What's up with Mikuru?
Ohh, if you keep dawdling like that, we'll never get anywhere!
Ohh, if you keep dawdling like that, we'll never get anywhere! It looks like Miss Tsuruya's been pulled into being an extra, too.
What!? Get your butt over here already!
What!? Get your butt over here already! So, what are we doing?
What!? Get your butt over here already!
What!? Get your butt over here already! I came because they told me to if I wasn't doing anything.
I came because they told me to if I wasn't doing anything.
How do you read that, the words written on Miss Suzumiya's armband?
What are you doing with that handy-cam?
What's with Yuki's outfit?
Wow, Koizumi! You're looking hot today, as usual.
What a restless person.
What was that? Your stomach hurts?
Dummy! That only works through elementary school!
Come here, now! You have thirty seconds!
And so it seems that Miss Asahina has a sudden case of shut-in syndrome.
I'm going to go get her. Let me see the bag.
I can understand how Miss Asahina feels.
After all, it feels like she might end up as a real transforming hero at this rate.
A laser beam is a bit too much, though.
But I think we'll be able to avoid any strange beams coming out.
How?
Miss Nagato's cooperated with us.
What did you do to Miss Asahina?
She just removed her ability to shoot lasers.
I'm not really sure, either.
Unlike the other TFEIs terminals, Miss Nagato doesn't speak very much.
What's a TFEI?
It's an acronym that my organization just assigned to them.
You don't need to know what it stands for.
But I get the feeling that Miss Nagato is unusual, even amongst them.
Oh, about that thing earlier.
On the way back from the convenience store one night, a taxi passed me.
Available Car
Available Car And I glanced at its available car light,
And I glanced at its available car light,
but it looked like beloved car to me.
That's surprising.
But before I could take another look at it, it drove off.
And that's when I realized that maybe what I'm missing in my life is love.
Maybe it really did have beloved car written on the light.
I'm sure it was a private taxi.
I never thought we'd be relying on these two idiots.
You're not going to get away with pretending to be sick.
We're going to start filming right away!
Heya, Mikuru! Wow, that's really sexy!
I'm sorry I'm late.
Oh, I don't mind.
Heya, Miss Suzumiya!
I'm sorry about yesterday.
It looks like I ended up firing off a laser weapon without realizing it.
Oh no, I wasn't hurt, after all.
I was bitten.
- By what? - By Miss Nagato.
She said she injected some nanomachines or something into me...
But it looks like nothing will be coming out of my eye anymore.
Thank goodness.
What did she inject into you?
Last night, she and Koizumi came to my house together.
What are you two whispering about?
You're so cute, Mikuru. I'd love to keep you as a pet!
Don't look. You'll take away some of her cuteness.
Okay, I've decided where we're shooting next!
There's a big lake near where Koizumi lives.
Let's head there to shoot for now.
Filming Crew
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
Subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
Hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
Yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
Kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
Tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
Touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
Nazenara That's because
Basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
Deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
Hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
Doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
Mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
Kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
