Hey, Nana.
Do you remember the first time we met?
I'm the type who believes in things like fate.
So I think it was fate.
You can laugh if you want.
When I was darkness at that time
With trembling lips
The more I struggle
The more this wound deepens
The broken promise hurt me
Nobody can save me
God, I have only one request
Stop tearing apart my love
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Sorrow tumbling down is your song
All alone with nowhere to go in my life
I need your love
I'm a broken rose
Oh baby, help me from frozen pain
With your smile, your eyes, and sing me, just for me
I wanna need your love
I'm a broken rose
I wanna need your love
You have a new message Unopened messages: 1
Dear God! Great Buddha! Demon Lord!
Shoji The sakura has blossomed
All right!
E-Excuse me, this...
Nana! What are you shouting for? You're working, remember?
Got into my top-choice university!! Yay! Call me. Nana! What are you shouting for? You're working, remember?
Yay!
It's spring! Spring has finally come!
After the long wait, spring has arrived!
Now that I think back about it,
it was like I was running away from home.
To Dad and Mom, I'm going to Tokyo! I'll be in touch as soon as I find a place, so please send me the boxes in my room.
To Dad and Mom, I'm going to Tokyo! I'll be in touch as soon as I find a place, so please send me the boxes in my room. But apparently, my parents weren't really shocked.
To Dad and Mom, I'm going to Tokyo! I'll be in touch as soon as I find a place, so please send me the boxes in my room.
I have a sister two years older than me
and a sister two years younger than me.
The family was already loud as it was,
but back then, whether awake or asleep,
I'd always nag about
how I want to go to Tokyo or want to live in Tokyo.
Perhaps my parents were more relieved that
they'd hafta worry about one less noisy daughter.
When I left, I didn't feel any loneliness for leaving my family
or sentiment for parting with the city I had lived in for twenty years.
I was just so happy about going to Tokyo.
My heart was filled with hope and expectations.
I'll meet your train. What time are you arriving? Which train? I'll wait for you at the platform. Am I nice or what?
I'll meet your train. What time are you arriving? Which train? I'll wait for you at the platform. Am I nice or what? From now on, under the skies of Tokyo, I'll be able to see Shoji every day.
From now on, under the skies of Tokyo, I'll be able to see Shoji every day.
I can talk to him a lot, not by phone or email, but face to face.
Thank you for using the Tohoku bullet train today.
- Due to the snow, the train's departure,., - What's this? It's packed.
- was delayed by 40 minutes. - I wanna find a seat quickly,
- We apologize for the inconvenience. - so I can email Shoji.
Um...
Um, excuse!
What? Why did it suddenly stop? An accident?
Are you all right?
I'm fine. Sorry.
I'm sorry too.
You got flattened by this, didn't you?
I'm fine.
Er... by the way... is this seat open?
Go ahead.
What a beautiful person. More like, so cool.
She has an aura different from that of a commoner.
She's skinny and has a small face. Could she be a celebrity?
And such long eyelashes!
I envy how the loud makeup looks good on her.
Beautiful people look great, no matter what they do.
Wow, a well-worn Vivienne Westwood ring!
So cool!
Sorry. Is the smoke bothering you?
No, I'm totally fine.
It's not moving.
The train.
It's been running like this for a while now.
Is that so?
What am I gonna do? I'm in a hurry.
Really? That's a problem.
No, it's all right.
I'll send an email.
Okay!
Wow, you're really fast!
I'm amazed at what high school students can do nowadays.
But I'm twenty years old.
Sorry. Then I guess we're the same age.
She's so cute when she laughs.
What? The same age?
No way, you don't look it. That's fraud!
The way you said high school students nowadays
makes you seem a lot older!
Yeah, it's a habit. I live in the analog world.
An announcement to our passengers.
Due to the snow, we will be proceeding at low speeds for a while.
- We apologize for the inconvenience - No way!
- this delay is causing you. - When will we get to Tokyo?
What is the purpose of your stay in Tokyo?
Nothing in particular.
I'm moving there. I'll look for a job in Tokyo.
Really. Same for me.
What, you're moving there too?
Uh-huh.
Really? I thought you were from Tokyo.
So you're not returning home from a tour around the country.
A tour?
Like concerts. You have a guitar, after all.
I figured you were a professional musician.
So, are you in a band?
Back in my hometown I was.
That's so cool! Where is your hometown?
An email.
Or, no, it's the phone.
Hello, Nana here.
Oh, Shoji? Yeah, that's right. The train has stopped.
I've got no idea when we'll arrive.
Huh? You sure?
But it could be around midnight.
You sure it's okay?
Mm, thanks.
Then I'll call you again when I know what time we're arriving.
Bye-bye.
Is your boyfriend from Tokyo?
You sure are lovey-dovey.
I get it.
So you're chasing after a guy who moved to Tokyo.
You're wro-!
Well, I guess you're right about that.
Which is it?
Well, he's not from Tokyo.
We went to the same college at our hometown.
But he came to Tokyo a year ago to study art.
Why didn't you go with him then?
I told him that I'd go too.
But Shoji... he insisted I shouldn't.
Why's that?
Because I have no objective or money.
He says it's not wise to make such a move without a plan.
I see.
So I tearfully stayed back and saved up money to make the move.
We made a promise that if Shoji passed the entrance exams to University,
then I'd move to Tokyo!
When I get to Tokyo,
I'm gonna find a job and give every effort
so he doesn't tell me to go home!
Say... What am I doing telling all this to a stranger?
A total stranger!
What's wrong with that? Tell me more.
From the look of things, we've got lots of time.
Yeah, you have a point.
Then, will you hear me out so we can kill time together?
To be honest, I was dying to talk to someone about him.
His name's Shoji, and he's kind, reliable, and pretty cool.
But when he talks, he acts like a fool.
Like a fool?
Hey, wanna have some beer?
Sure, I would.
Two beers please!
Okay, then. Let's make a toast.
A toast to what?
Well...
To Shoji passing the University exams!
No, that has nothing to do with me.
Then, can we at least drink to this unique moment?
Hey, I like that.
To two girls, the same age,
arriving in Tokyo at the same time on the same train.
That's quite a coincidence, don't you think?
And to one more thing.
My name is Nana too, Nana.
Do you remember the first time we met?!
Before we knew it, there was a snowstorm outside.
The train was stop and go all the way,
and it took us five hours to get to Tokyo.
But I wasn't at all bored.
I kept talking about myself
and didn't bother to ask about you at all.
But knowing you,
you likely would've just changed the subject or something, anyway.
Nana!
Shoji!
Why are you crying?
You're so mean to be laughing!
You really had a tough time. Five hours, right?
But you know...
What's the matter?
I became friends with the girl sitting next to me.
Oh?
But she's not here, even though we got off the train together.
Has she already left?
I should've given her my cell number and stuff.
You didn't do that? Then you can hardly call yourself friends.
Don't cry. Kyosuke and Junko are waiting downstairs.
Jun-chan!
See you!
Good night.
Huh?
What are you doing, Nana? Let's go.
Ah, right.
Shoji Endo
Shoji Endo Wait a minute.
Is it all right to be staying over...
- like it's the natural thing to do? - Come on in.
Though the place is a mess since you came on sudden notice.
Sorry'bout that.
Huh?
I'm being a bother by suddenly coming like this, aren't I?
I was hoping to stay with Jun-chan until I found my own place.
But that wouldn't be too considerate, would it?
Those two are living together now.
I had no idea!
Jun-chan never told me! Since when?!
I wonder.
It was like, before I knew it,
Kyosuke had moved to Junko's place.
I see. I never knew.
Hey, you've still got your shoes on!
Tokyo is not a foreign country, you know!
That's totally great!
What?!
Hey, are you taking my clothes off already? You pervert!
I wonder, can Shoji and I gradually become like that too?
I wanna make up for all the time we were apart.
I'm so happy.
I should be back around 6. When you go out, leave the key in the mailbox. Shoji
I should be back around 6. When you go out, leave the key in the mailbox. Shoji Damn!
I wanted to be sure to get up early and make breakfast for him.
I'll make up for it before Shoji gets back.
Doing stuff like this makes me feel like a newlywed wife.
Just to imagine how happy I'd be to help him out like this every day.
This is pretty tasty.
What's with that surprised look?
Because you come across as the type that doesn't do much cooking.
Th-That's not true.
Just joking. But this is really good.
I'm impressed.
This was worth the three hours it took me to make it.
By the way, how did it go with the real estate agent?
Did you find a place?
I didn't have time today, so I couldn't go.
Why? Oh, of course.
You were looking for a job. Did you find something?
That's right. I've gotta look for a job.
Don't tell me you were sleeping the whole time.
No way! I cleaned the house, did laundry and stuff.
It was a super productive day!
You serious?
You didn't come all the way to Tokyo to do that, did you?
You promised you'd find a job that would allow you to make it on your own,
and give it every effort, right?
How can you say such a thing?
I did this all for you, Shoji!
I shouldn't have talked to him like that.
It's like I'm trying to make him feel guilty.
Thanks for the meal.
I'll clean up.
It's all right.
I can take care of myself.
You won't find a nice place for fifty thousand yen a month or less.
If I work hard, I might be able to afford a bit more for the rent,
but can't I get a better deal on the deposit?
Hmm... if you don't mind living in an older building.
No deposit! And it's very reasonable for this space!
I can have pets, too?
Do you wanna go and see it?
Yes!
There it is. That old brick building.
That mansion, built long before I was even born,
had such a high-class feel to it.
I fell in love with the elegant western design the moment I saw it.
The only problem was that the seven-story building had no elevator.
Being a country girl,
the riverside location and green environment
was an added bonus.
Huh?
Too bad! Someone beat us to it.
Would it be all right if I show this person the place too?
Huh? Sorry, but that would be a problem.
This customer has pretty well decided on this place.
Nana!
That's you, right, Nana?! No way!
What a coincidence!
Who are you?
Am I such a forgettable person?
Sorry, sorry.
Are you all right, Nana?
So you do remember.
I didn't recognize you at first.
You look different with these clothes and hairdo.
You don't have a fixed style, do you?
So, are you two friends?
- Well, I wouldn't really say we're friends. - Yes, we are!
Anyway, you. Miss Osaki?
What's your decision? Are you renting the place?
I'm still thinking.
If you haven't made a decision yet,
can you please allow this young lady to see the place?
The kitchen's so cute!
The rooms are so big!
You're kidding! An old-fashioned bathtub with legs!
- I'll take it! - Is that so?
- Wait a minute! - Wait a minute!
I found this place first! You can't just decide like that!
I see. I'm sorry.
That's right. What are you thinking?
But you seemed to be having a problem making up your mind.
No, I've decided. I'll take it. Yokoi.
Wait a minute!
I'm not waiting.
I am tired of staying at crappy capsule hotels.
I just wanna hurry up and live any place that's available.
If any place will do, look elsewhere. For me, it has to be this place!
What's wrong with you staying at your boyfriend's place?!
Did he dump you?
No! But as things are now, it's only a matter of time!
Why? You were all lovey-dovey about him.
That's true, but let me tell you!
Now, come on. Rather than discussing nonsense,
what are you gonna do about renting this...
- Nonsense? - Nonsense?
How cruel! Here I am seriously suffering!
- Yokoi! - Yes!
For someone in the business of serving customers,
you've got no delicacy!
I-I'm sorry.
There's more to doing your job than just go through the motions!
Try to pursue the romance!
Now, now. Calm down, ladies.
Romance?
I have a suggestion.
Who is this carefree old man?
This is Mr. Ando from the real estate agency at the train station.
He's a 52-year veteran in this business.
You two seem to be special acquaintances.
Why don't the two of you share this place?
This place is designed with the dining room in the middle,
so with a room on opposite sides, you can maintain your privacy.
Yet you'll be there for each other when needed.
Flat-sharing can be very nice.
Plus, you'll only be paying half the rent and living expenses.
- Half the rent?! - Half the rent?!
- Half of seventy thousand yen is......thirty-five thousand yen?
- That's cheap! - That's cheap!
- Let's go for it, Nana! It's like a dream... - I guess that means...
- This place is great and so cheap! - we'll hafta split our fees, too.
Sounds good, but are you the kind of person
who properly respects the privacy of others?
I will! For sure!
If privacy is an issue, you can put locks on your room doors.
I'll arrange for that right away.
Thank you, Mr. Ando!
You are such a nice person. Isn't he, Nana?
Miss Osaki, sure it'll be cheaper,
but you really should think this through.
Sharing a flat with a stranger is nothing but annoying.
I don't agree.
You are a lonely man, aren't you, Yokoi?
Say, Mr. Ando, how soon can the locks be arranged?
If I made arrangements right away,
then it'll be done sometime tomorrow morning.
Then please.
I'll be moving in tomorrow afternoon.
What about you?
Th-Then me too.
Then starting tomorrow, we're roommates, Nana-chan.
That moment, for some reason I felt a bit like crying.
I really can't explain why, but when I shook Nana's hand,
the warmth was so great that it even warmed my heart.
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
