Graduation...
Gradually, everyone changes...
I've learned so many things on my journey.
To everyone I've met along the way...
Wait... That's really embarrassing, I can't say something like that!
On this day, which marks the successful completion of your academic studies,
take pride in yourselves, as the newest graduates of this time-honored institution.
It is our hope that you spread your grand wings and take steadfast flight towards the future.
Ah, here comes Alice!
W-What should we do?
You tell her!
Eh? M-Me?
U-Um, Alice!
Congratulations on your graduation!
I-If it's all right with you, could I have the second button on your uniform, please?
Here you go.
Thank you very much!
I did it!
I'm happy for you.
I'd like one, too!
Actually, I've always been a fan of yours!
Umm...
Ah, no fair! I want one, too! Umm...
Ah, no fair! I want one, too!
Ah, no fair! I want one, too! What the?
What the?
Alice! Alice! What the?
Alice! Alice!
Alice! Alice! Ehh?!
Alice! Alice!
That was really a surprise...
I didn't tell you the graduation ceremony was today, did I?
Don't underestimate this school's alumni.
Congratulations on your graduation, Alice!
Yes, thank you very much.
Dear Ai, I'm happy to report that this summer, Alice graduated from middle school!
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi Why don't you just walk home normally?
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi I thought maybe I should, but...
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi...this is my last middle school challenge, so I have to do it!
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi Ah, Athena!
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru Hey Junior...
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara Hey Junior...
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara...looks like you failed your walking backwards challenge.
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara That's really no problem!
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara Time stands still when Athena is around.
Let's meet again Mata aimashou Time stands still when Athena is around.
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
Surrounded By That Orange Wind...
Gondola coming through!
What a loud voice!
Junior, you're really fired up today!
Yes, I'm all fired up!
School used to take up most of my time, but now I get to spend it practicing with you two.
So...
So I'm really happy about that.
All right! We'll set our sights on becoming Primas today as usual! Let's-a-go!
Yeah! Yeah!
Akari, President Aria! Start with some vocal exercises!
O-Okay!
Gondola coming through!
So you're all fired up now that you've graduated from school, huh?
Yes!
I'm really on a roll right now!
I don't really understand it myself, but I feel like anything I do will turn out well.
Here, President Maa.
Here.
Say, pretty please, pretty please!
Here!
Say, Alice...
Yes?
Why don't we go on a picnic tomorrow?
This time, for sure.
Athena?
Geez... What are you doing?
I'm sorry!
Lunch is packed up and ready!
That's really perfect, Athena!
I know! Alice...
Yes?
Today, why don't we pretend that I'm a customer and you're an Undine?
What an interesting idea. Sure, I'm up for a challenge!
So Athena, I guess that means you're my valued customer from this moment on?
Yes, I look forward to...
Please take my hand, ma'am.
Ma'am?
Eh?
Ah, y-yes!
Alice, your smile has gotten so much softer, hasn't it?
Ma'am, please forgive me, but isn't this the first time we've met?
Ah, I'm sorry.
Ma'am, the truth is, I get to practice every day with a friend who has the best smile ever.
Ahead is Ponte di Rialto, a bridge that spans the entire 48-meter-wide Canal Grande with one arch.
Unlike Piazza San Marco, this area is a mix of shops, markets, bars and private residences.
Here, you can really get a sense of everyday life in Neo-Venezia.
One might say this is Neo-Venezia's second city center.
Your sightseeing information is very clear and easy to understand, Miss Undine.
I owe it to a strict friend who likes to prohibit everything, and trains me hard every day.
Well then, Ma'am. Where shall we head next?
If you have any particular sightseeing spots you'd like to see, please feel free to let me know.
Let's see...
Well then, I'll take you up on your kind offer.
From here on, there will be a stretch of countryside that continues on for a while.
Please enjoy this other face of Neo-Venezia, which is typically known for its port-town scenery.
Okay!
Hello!
Excuse us while we pass by!
Take care!
Ciao!
Buon giorno!
Hi!
You seem to be enjoying yourself, ma'am.
Yes, very much!
Ma'am, would you like some more tea?
Thank you. I'm fine for now.
It really is a perfect day for a picnic, isn't it?
Miss Undine.
Yes?
Why don't we get going?
Right!
Freshly Made Gelato
Hello, sir!
If you please!
Sure, it's on its way down right now.
So just hang tight for a little bit, okay?
Okay!
Good luck.
What's the matter, Miss Undine?
Do I look that unreliable?
Not at all. You're very reliable.
Good work today, Alice.
Huh?
Until the water elevator reaches the top, you can come out of work mode and take a breather.
Eh? Ah, okay...
You're really amazing, Alice.
You can do everything now, can't you?
Thank you very much.
Thanks to all that training with my friends,
even I think my sculling and guiding have gotten pretty good, but...
But?
To be honest...
My voice is soft to begin with, and I'm not very good when it comes to singing...
I'm always worried I'm not singing loudly enough, or wondering if I'm singing off-key...
The more I think I have to sing well, the more my mind goes blank.
When you feel insecure about your singing, that feeling is conveyed to those who are listening.
Skill is important, of course, but what's most important is your love of singing.
Love... of singing...
If you don't love your own singing, how can you expect others to love it?
Athena...
Miss Undine...
Yes...
Did you know, Miss Undine?
Before this planet's surface was covered with water, when it wasn't yet known as Aqua...
Perhaps that's why this time of day, when the planet takes on an orange hue,
is so dear and a bit nostalgic to all the people who live here on Aqua.
It's as if our past and future are both captured in this single moment.
Huh?
There's someone there...
That's... Akari and Aika?
And there's the man from the water elevator...
And behind him are our company representatives and someone from the Gondola Association?
What's going on?
Thank you for today, Miss Undine.
Lastly, may I request a song?
Miss Undine?
Ma'am, do you know of Aqua's famous Three Great Water Fairies?
I may not look it, but I'm actually the top protegee of the one known as Siren.
The setting sun and the rippling waves Vesperrugo, fluas en ondetoj
Seem like a song of pure happiness Gi estas kiel la kanto, bela kanto de felico
The birds are like messengers, delivering kindness Cu vi rimark is birdojn, portanta afableco
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Super la maro flugas, ili flugas kun amo
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Oranga cielo emocias mian spiriton
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Stelo de I'espero, stelo lumis eterne
Shine forevermore Lumis eterne
Ma'am, even though I was never good at it, as a child, I loved to sing.
Your words brought back the feelings I had back then.
Thank you very much!
The setting sun and the rippling waves Yuuhi ga shizumi nagareru saza nami
The setting sun and the rippling waves Yuuhi ga shizumi nagareru saza nami The company has been anxiously awaiting your graduation from middle school.
The setting sun and the rippling waves Yuuhi ga shizumi nagareru saza nami
The setting sun and the rippling waves Yuuhi ga shizumi nagareru saza nami Your sculling skills are perfect.
The setting sun and the rippling waves Yuuhi ga shizumi nagareru saza nami
The setting sun and the rippling waves Yuuhi ga shizumi nagareru saza nami Our concerns about your tour guide skills, customer service and canzone...
Seem like a song of pure happiness Sore wa marude muku na shiawase no uta no you Our concerns about your tour guide skills, customer service and canzone...
Seem like a song of pure happiness Sore wa marude muku na shiawase no uta no you...were completely dispelled, as you have proven your progress brilliantly in today's exam.
Seem like a song of pure happiness Sore wa marude muku na shiawase no uta no you
Seem like a song of pure happiness Sore wa marude muku na shiawase no uta no you Athena, does this mean...
Seem like a song of pure happiness Sore wa marude muku na shiawase no uta no you
The birds are like messengers, delivering kindness Tori-tachi wa yasashisa o hakobu tsukai You have exceptional talent, so you'll surely lead the next generation of the Undine industry.
The birds are like messengers, delivering kindness Tori-tachi wa yasashisa o hakobu tsukai The Gondola Association, in recognition of your extraordinary talent, and with great hope...
The birds are like messengers, delivering kindness Tori-tachi wa yasashisa o hakobu tsukai...has made an unprecedented decision.
The birds are like messengers, delivering kindness Tori-tachi wa yasashisa o hakobu tsukai
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Umi o koe tobu yo ai o kaze ni nose
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Umi o koe tobu yo ai o kaze ni nose Congratulations, Alice.
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Umi o koe tobu yo ai o kaze ni nose
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Umi o koe tobu yo ai o kaze ni nose Or should I say...
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Umi o koe tobu yo ai o kaze ni nose...Orange Princess.
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Umi o koe tobu yo ai o kaze ni nose
They fly beyond the sea, placing love on the winds Umi o koe tobu yo ai o kaze ni nose From this day forth, you are a Prima Undine!
From this day forth, you are a Prima Undine!
Orange... Princess...
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Kokoro furueru tasogare no sora ni Orange... Princess...
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Kokoro furueru tasogare no sora ni
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Kokoro furueru tasogare no sora ni Is that...
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Kokoro furueru tasogare no sora ni An alias?
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Kokoro furueru tasogare no sora ni
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Kokoro furueru tasogare no sora ni Ehh?! Ehh?!
In the twilight sky, which makes my heart tremble, Kokoro furueru tasogare no sora ni
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Towa ni kagayaku kibou no hoshi yo
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Towa ni kagayaku kibou no hoshi yo Athena...
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Towa ni kagayaku kibou no hoshi yo
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Towa ni kagayaku kibou no hoshi yo Athena...
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Towa ni kagayaku kibou no hoshi yo
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Towa ni kagayaku kibou no hoshi yo Alice.
Lies a star of hope that will shine forevermore Towa ni kagayaku kibou no hoshi yo
Lumis eterne Ruumisu eterune
Alice!
Akari, Aika!
Alice!
Junior! Alice!
Akari, Aika!
Congratulations!
Junior!
Akari, Aika...
Thank you...
Thank you... so much...
Ai, in the brilliant history of Aqua's Undines,
the legend of the first rank-skipping Prima has been born!
Alice really is amazing, isn't she? I kind of admire her for it!
Congratulations, Alice!
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
