I made another mistake...
Geez, you must be such a handful for Alicia.
Did she scold you?
No. Did she scold you?
No.
No. Then, what did she say?
Then, what did she say?
She said My, my, and giggled. Then, what did she say?
She said My, my, and giggled.
She's way too nice...
But I guess My, my. Giggle! is what you'd expect from Alicia, right?
No, what she should have said was, Hey, hey. Grumble.
Such big strawberries!
Yeah! They're also very sweet. Such big strawberries!
Yeah! They're also very sweet.
Sir, I'd like these, please.
Here's your change.
Thank you.
Athena, you forgot to take what you bought!
Akari! Your change, your change!
Ah, my mistake!
Geez, what are you doing?!
Sorry, Aika.
Why are you always like this, Athena?
It's you...
Hello!
Hello Alice, Athena.
Hello.
Akari, I got scolded by my mother again.
Ai, I get scolded by Aika a lot, too.
I know she scolds me because she cares about me, but...
I wish I didn't have to get scolded at all! ...I wish I didn't have to get scolded at all!
Do you remember that day Oboeteimasuka ano hi o
When your heart suddenly began to race Futo kanjita tokimeki o
The rays from the blue sky were pouring over you... Aoi hizashi abite
I couldn't look away, and when our eyes met Mitoreru to me ga atte
I couldn't help but smile Egao koboreta
It's just like a spiral Marude supiraare
I want to spend my days waving to you Itsumademo te o furitai hibi
This is my proof that I was here with you Koko ni tashika ni kimi to ita akashi
An eternal spiral Zutto supiraare
There's a path which stretches on ahead Kono saki mo tsuzuiteru michi ga aru
When you climb the next hill, Tsugi no saka o nobottara
Let's meet again Mata aimashou
That Wonderful Extracurricular Lesson...
Huh?!
A-Are you helping me practice, President Aria?
He's... helping?
So heavy!
I see, President Aria! This is strength training, isn't it?
This is visual acuity training, isn't it?
Visual acuity?
President Aria fell asleep already...
This is balance training, isn't it?
Hey, Akari! No playing around allowed!
Yes!
You...
You're going to get scolded by Alicia if you keep this up, you know.
Right, Junior?
Th-that's right...
Sorry...
Scolded...
Reflect! Reflect on your actions!
Um, Akari, how does Alicia scold you?
Huh?
I don't think... Alicia... has ever... scolded me...
Say what?!
Not even once?!
Nope.
Now that you mention it, I don't think I've ever seen her get angry, either.
I see... I guess that makes sense...
Knowing Alicia, there's no way she'd scold someone...
Let alone get mad...
After all, this is Alicia we're talking about! Impressive, as expected of Alicia!
She truly is a water fairy descended from the heavens! Miss Perfect!
But, come to think of it, I've never seen Athena scold you either, Alice.
That's really obvious.
I may scold clumsy Athena at times, but I never get scolded myself.
Oh?
Well, I guess that makes sense.
Even I'm forced to scold Athena sometimes,
so it's really a mystery why Alicia doesn't scold Akari.
P-President Aria!
I was about to really make a loud noise there.
My, my.
Are you all right?
Yes...
Even Alicia is human.
There must be times when she's irritated or angry, when no one's around.
Besides, if she truly cares about Akari, she should scold her properly.
I'm really sorry! Besides, if she truly cares about Akari, she should scold her properly.
It's all right. Besides, if she truly cares about Akari, she should scold her properly.
It's all right.
Alice?
W-What are you doing, Alice?
A-Ah, yes...
Since the members of the Aria Company always treat me so well,
I thought I'd secretly return the favor by helping out with the cleaning.
Oh, no!
What are you doing up there?
N-Nothing...
U-Um...
I woke up early, so I thought I'd come by and say hello before going to school.
Eh?
Huh? Alicia, what happened?
My customer had another commitment, so I finished early today.
Why don't we all have some tea together?
Yay! I get to have tea with Alicia!
I'm happy for you, Aika-
Oh, impressive, President Aria!
I-I'm so sorry, President Aria.
Are you all right, President Aria?
Come to think of it, where's Alice?
She said she had something to do today, and went home.
President Aria?
Huh? Wha-?!
Alice?
What are you doing here? I thought you had something to do?
S-Something to do...
I-I finished early and had a hunch that there might be a tea party with Alicia, so I came back.
Huh?
A hunch?
I was right, wasn't I?
Are you all right?
Geez, what are you doing?
W-W-W-W-What am I going to do?!
This was Alicia's favorite teacup...
My, my, what was that sound? What?!
My, my, what was that sound?
I-I'm sorry!
Thank goodness...
I'll help clean it up....none of you were hurt.
I'll help clean it up.
I'm really sorry!
My, my, it's all right. Don't worry about it.
Again, she didn't scold her. My, my, it's all right. Don't worry about it.
Again, she didn't scold her. I'm really, really sorry!
Oh, no! Akari's gondola is drifting out to sea!
Don't worry!
I'll go after it!
Aika, what should I do?!
This is all because you didn't tie the rope properly!
Oh, no!
This is a really good chance to see her get mad!
This is a really big mistake.
Even Alicia will have no choice but to scold Akari for this.
My, my...
It looks like the mooring rope was hit and severed by something sharp.
Thank you so much, Alicia.
It's all thanks to President Aria for noticing it right away.
Thank you so much, President Aria!
Come now, let's all finally have some tea.
Yes!
Just what you'd expect from Alicia!
Akira would have just jumped to conclusions and yelled, Hey Aika! You tied it wrong!
She really was calm, wasn't she?
But...
Surely she would have scolded her... right?
Could it be...
That couldn't be it... Could it?
Alicia...
It's been a week since then.
I've been unable to find any clues to reveal what Alicia is thinking.
Maybe Akari making a really big mistake is the only way to find out, after all?
Thank you for waiting. Here is your special parfait.
This is to replenish the blood sugar in my brain, so I can come up with a much better plan!
What a coincidence, Alice.
Are you on your way home from school?
Would you mind if we join you?
P-Please...
Th-This is really awkward.
I-Is this some kind of...
Same one, please.
Yes, certainly.
Has she figured out that I've secretly been observing her?
Say, Alice.
Y-Yes?!
My, my
My, my My, my.
My, my.
Naughty troublemakers who snoop on other people from the shadows...
I-I'm really in a pinch!!
Could this be the first time we've ever been alone together?
Eh?
Ah, yes...
Now that you mention it...
Isn't it strange, considering how long we've known each other?
Yes.
So Alice, is there something you'd like to ask me?
Thank you for waiting.
W-W-What do you mean?
You've been watching me a lot lately, haven't you?
You were looking at me so intently, it made me a little self-conscious.
Giggle
Giggle I knew it, she saw right threw me!
She truly is Miss Perfect!
In that case... Go for broke!
Um... Alicia, why don't you scold people?
Akari told me. She said that she's never seen you be angry.
I was wondering why that is.
You never scold your apprentice, no matter how grave a mistake she makes?
If that's true, don't you think you're being a bit cold?
Excuse me, President Aria.
Could you please go give this to that little girl sitting over there?
Um...
Alicia?
U-Umm...
Alicia...
Hello?
Mr. Cat, is this candy for me?
Thank you!
My, my.
President Aria, that was amazing!
The errand was a big success!
That girl is really happy, too.
Now this time, go to the boy sitting at the next table.
Thank you!
Amazing, amazing! That was much quicker than before!
What do you think?
Ah, yes...
He delivered them successfully.
Alice, why don't join me for a walk after you finish your parfait?
Eh?
Um...
His first try took a while, didn't it?
Why didn't you point out his mistakes, like when he got sidetracked or went to the wrong table?
You see...
I wouldn't shout, Not that way, not that way!
I'd keep shouting, This way, this way!
If I kept shouting, not that way, President Aria would become afraid of making mistakes.
Eventually, I don't think he'd be able to move.
That's my way of doing things.
Umm...
What would you do if he kept on making mistakes, though?
Well...
If that happened, I'd reflect on my own lack of knowledge alongside him.
Eh?
After all, I'm just an imperfect human being.
As a mentor, when you instruct your apprentice...
When that happens, I often think to myself,
Ah, teaching and being taught are, in fact, very much alike.
So, in that case, all I can do is try to see things from Akari's point of view.
I'll share her challenges, share her defeats...
And, in the very end, I hope to share her happiness as well.
Alicia!
Alice!
My, my.
It's one coincidence after another today, isn't it?
President Aria, I was wondering where you went, and here you are with Alicia!
We were also wondering where Junior could be, since she was late for practice...
Alice, please keep the conversation we had just now between us, okay?
Why?
Because...
I don't see any point in keeping it a secret.
The two of you are so alike, I get embarrassed just watching you both.
I'm sorry.
That was really disrespectful of me.
Please scold me.
My, my.
Yay! My, my.
Yay!
Hey! No monopolizing Alicia allowed!
I wish my mother was like Alicia.
Hmm... But then my mother wouldn't be herself, would she?
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
As my thoughts focus intently on someone, Dareka no koto o tsuyoku omou toki
Love rests on my palm, held high Kakageta te no hira ni ai ga tomaru
A future guided by the flow of water and wind Mizu no yukue to kaze ga shimesu mirai
I gaze at the hope that surrounds this world Kono hoshi o tsusumu kibou mitsumete
The distant clouds of light are beckoning now Tooi kumo hikari ga sasou you ni yureru ima
A shore awash in golden waves Kin no nami kishibe ni
Filled with yearning, I open my eyes and it's morning Akogare mezameru no asa ni
And my day begins Hajimaru
