May BLAST have their professional debut
May BLAST have their professional debut Back then, the one thing I had plenty of was my countless number of wishes.
Back then, the one thing I had plenty of was my countless number of wishes.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
It's the 7th of July?
A bad omen.
What is?
Actually, Nana hasn't talked like that lately, has she?
Before, she would blame everything on the Demon Lord.
Perhaps she's becoming more of an adult.
That would be nice.
Kyosuke, do you want your eggs sunny-side up or scrambled?
Sunny-side up.
Come to think of it...
Nana doesn't come by our place as often as she used to.
I don't think I've seen her in quite some time. How's she doing?
Oh, right. You couldn't make it to her roommate's live concert either
because of work.
Well, she's doing okay, but there was something odd about her.
Yeah. You mean that scent of a new guy in her life?
Although she denies it.
Has she found a job?
Ouch!
Judging by the fact she's said nothing about it, I doubt it.
She said something about wanting to work in sales at a fashionable shop.
But it's been at least a month
since she was fired from her previous job, right?
How's she getting by?
She seems to be managing.
She said she's been taking on temporary jobs to get by.
But it's not like there are that many temporary jobs.
Hmm... She's registered at a personnel agency
specializing in demonstrators.
What exactly does this demonstrator do?
This is the new product, Raffine Beer. Please give it a try.
This demonstrator takes part in
campaigns to promote food items newly on the market.
You'll find them in the food section of department store basements,
preparing anything from sausages to sliced fruits.
In other words, I'm a food saleswoman offering food samples.
I get called for a sales blitz that lasts for two, three days.
I get paid over ten thousand yen a day,
so I took the job to help me out with living expenses for the time being.
But it's actually a lot more fun than I expected.
Anything involving food would seem fun to you, Hachiko.
N-No way! That's not why.
How should I put it... the interaction with the customers...
- Hey, Nobu, about this part... - Listen to me!
What is it?
I'm convinced that working in sales really suits me.
For instance, I'm really good at that smiles are free deal.
Then you should find a job at a fast food joint.
If the uniform's cute, then I'd love that.
This latest gig from the beer company
requires me to wear a campaign girl-type mini-skirt outfit.
I think I look great in it.
I would've loved to see that.
That old pervert's saying something.
The Milky Way's not visible.
I was so looking forward to seeing it.
Hey, Nobu!
About meeting tomorrow! Yasu's asking if we could meet there!
Sure! Since I'll get off work just in time for the opening anyway!
Tomorrow...
July 8th?
He says it's okay!
That's right. Tomorrow is Trapnest's last performance.
The three of you are going, right?
Mhm.
Those VIP seats. Are they in a special section?
Not really. They're center seats on the second floor balcony.
I hear you get a great view,
but since you're surrounded by those associated with the band,
and journalists, the section is pretty much dead.
What's that? Sounds so boring.
But we're not exactly fans,
so I'm rather thankful that I won't be sitting between screaming voices.
You should've had Ren get you a seat too, Hachi.
It might not be too late. Why don't I ask him to make arrangements?
No, I already saw them back home, so never mind.
Besides, I'm a bit busy tomorrow anyway.
You've got it wrong!
You hafta write a wish and hang it from a bamboo branch.
A wish?
Do you seriously not know?
- What? - What's the matter?
Well, Shin says he's never seen Tanabata decorations.
Can you believe it? He just asked me, What is a tanzaku?
Like I asked before, what kind of life have you been living?
Didn't you do stuff back in kindergarten?
I wanna write a wish on a tanzaku too.
Then should we go to our place to write some?
We have some tanzaku left.
All right!
She did some Tanabata decorations?
I told her not to, since it's embarrassing at her age, but...
All right.
Defeat Trapnest!
Defeat Trapnest! Defeat Trapnest?
Defeat Trapnest!
Nobu, that's not a wish! That's a resolution!
Yeah, I guess.
I'll write a wish for Nobu. I want to become taller. Nobuo.
None of your business!
Besides, you're smaller than me!
But I'm still growing. Sorry to say this, but I'll surpass your height in no time.
I think I'll wish for that.
I wish that we can get an air conditioner.
I wish that I get back the car I sold.
I'd like a veranda where I can decorate some bamboo branches.
I want money.
You guys, can't you write down some real dreams?
But this room is so damn hot!
Indeed.
My dreams will wither in this heat.
Nana!
The tanzakus are being blown away.
That day the clear skies of Tokyo filled up with clouds in the evening
and we never got to see the Milky Way.
However we ended up staying up all night chatting.
I already knew that wishing alone won't make dreams come true,
but I did feel that each time a dream came true,
I would become that much happier.
May Hachiko find a boyfriend. (long haired) Nana
Today, we will once again bring you a wide range of special melodies,
from the latest hit songs to nostalgic songs from the past.
We will kick off with a video clip of a group who will be performing
the finale to their first nationwide tour tonight. Trapnest.
Once the tour is over,.,
I'll come directly to see you.
When I do, would you mind cooking for me again?
He will come. He won't come.
He will come. He won't come.
He will come.
He won't come.
Oh, no! Nobody in today's age uses flowers to make predictions anymore!
I may be insane!
I shouldn't hafta use flowers! I know the answer!
There's no way he's coming.
He didn't even reply to my email. He's probably forgotten all about me.
But just in case...
Even if Takumi doesn't come, I'm positive Ren will come.
There's no big difference in cooking for three people or four people.
I don't know what time they'll show up,
so it's gotta be food that's tasty even after it's cooled down.
These tomatoes are really delicious.
Where did you get them from?
Is this really okay? Thank you, Jun-chan.
The two of us can't eat all this.
They just arrived, so they're really fresh.
Lucky!
Well then, thank you so much, Jun-chan.
Come by again.
- Kyosuke said he'd love to see you. - Mhm.
But look at all the stuff you bought. Are you expecting someone?
N-Not really. N-No one's coming.
It's probably for the best for him not to come.
Then I can easily give up on him.
Besides, if Takumi comes over,
I would hafta explain everything to Nana.
There's no way I could hide things any longer.
But if that happens, there'd no longer be a reason to hide things.
If Takumi is the kind of guy who would come to see me as he promised,
I would feel less guilty about the situation.
Hey, Hachiko! Who's gonna eat all this?
There's easily enough here for at least five people!
I guess I got a bit carried away.
But I figured he'd be hungry after the live performance.
I wonder what time Ren will be here.
Huh? He's coming? Did he say he is?
What? I don't know, but I assumed he'd be coming. Isn't he?
I doubt he is. He never made any such promise.
Why not?!
What do you mean, why not?
His tour ends today,
so wouldn't he come to see you first thing after the concert's over?!
He hasn't seen you in a month!
He will definitely come!
But tonight they're partying until late to celebrate the end of the tour.
It's not likely he'll be able to come here.
Partying until late...
I see.
But he may come after that.
No. If Ren comes over and stays the night,
you'd feel obligated to be hospitable.
So we decided that from now on, whenever we wanna meet,
I'll go to Ren's place.
He's not gonna suddenly show up late at night without my knowledge.
No way. I was faintly hoping that...
Hoping that Ren would come to see Nana,
and Takumi would tag along
with his casual, maybe I'll come along too attitude.
H-Hey...
I don't care even if it were a casual spur of the moment decision.
I just hoped he would come.
Don't let it get you down.
If you wanna see Ren I'll ask him to drop by again sometime.
He did say he has free time starting tomorrow.
Oh, if you'd like I'll have him invite Takumi again, and...
No, it's all right! Don't worry about me!
B-But...
Well, anyway, I don't think he'll be able to come today.
I'm sorry, considering all the food you prepared.
It's okay. It really is. Really, don't worry about it.
I'll just put everything in the fridge. It'll last a few days.
What am I doing? I got carried away all by myself again.
Hey, wait! I'm hungry.
Do you mind if I eat what I can now?
Sure. Of course you can.
I'll get some plates.
This looks really delicious.
Ren doesn't know what he's missing, losing out on this great feast.
Delicious!
However, seeing the way you're acting, you actually wanted to
go to the final concert with everyone tonight, didn't you?
I should've asked Ren about it.
I'm really bad at noticing that sorta stuff. Sorry.
That's not true.
Never mind me, I bet you wanted to go, didn't you?
You can be really stubborn.
It's not really about being stubborn.
If I saw the performance,
I'd end up comparing myself to her again and get depressed.
As shameful as that is...
This is great too. Looks like we'll be enjoying great food for a while.
I'm the one who's lousy at noticing things about others.
I'm sorry, for forcing those words outta you.
Thank you very much!
Today's performance is now over.
People are asked to follow the guidance of the staff
and promptly leave the premises.
I'm going home.
Huh? You're not going? But our pass allows us to go backstage.
I have work to do.
Never mind that. Come for just a bit.
Sorry. Give Ren my regards.
What about Reira?
Good job.
That's it?!
Huh? Where's Yasu?
Isn't he with you?
He left, saying he had work to do. He sends his regards to Ren.
Huh? What about me?
No way!
I was really looking forward to seeing him.
I guess it wasn't mutual, Naoki.
I was also looking forward to seeing him. So it wasn't mutual?
This is so painful.
Reira, you realize it's hard to come up with a comeback phrase in your case.
It wasn't mutual? This is so painful.
Not to mention there are writers around us taking notes.
Take, it's not a laughing matter.
Yasu asked me to tell you that you did a good job.
Wow, what a pretty boy!
Come play with me.
Hey!
Sure, but I'm expensive.
One hundred thousand yen per night for the works.
Shin!
You're cute too. How much?
Ren, save me. What's up with this person?
I think I'm going home.
Come on. We're partying. Come join us.
We've got a second and third party lined up, so we'll be at it until morning.
Yay! I'm coming, I'm coming.
Yay, come, come.
Yeah, I'm coming, I'm coming.
Gin and tonic.
Are you sure, Nobu? We're only at the second party.
Shouldn't you slow down with the drinking?
I can't blend in with this atmosphere unless I'm drunk.
Such a pure hearted guy!
I wonder why Yasu went out with such a weird woman.
Weird woman?
The mysteries of Yasu keep building.
I can't let you talk like that, Nobu.
How dare you talk of our Princess like that.
Takumi... Sorry to bother you but could you please autograph these?
What. What's this? You making me work, even in this place?
Sorry.
I got autographs from the others during breaks at rehearsals,
but you seemed busy so I was gonna ask you later, then forgot.
It's a request from a very important sponsor.
Okay, okay. If it's so important, then you shouldn't forget.
Sorry.
Pull yourself together, manager.
So you're signing them? Good for you.
I'm a mature man, after all.
You're the one who does the musical arrangements
for all the Trapnest songs, right Takumi?
That's right.
And you also produced your latest album, right?
Well, yeah.
So that's why it's so much better than the first one.
Oh? You're cute. How about for two hundred thousand yen?
But you're seriously great.
How do you manage to make
such fancy music outta Ren's dark, twisted songs?
Excuse me for writing dark, twisted songs.
Shochu!
But it's all possible because of Ren's songs.
How do you manage to get on everyone's good side?!
By the way, Takumi. Could you sign an autograph for me, too?
Sure. But do you have autograph paper?
No I don't. Just give me one of those.
But these are for an important sponsor.
Give me a break But these are for an important sponsor.
Give me a break What do I care?
Give me a break He's just like Nana.
He's just like Nana.
To who?
- Hachiko. - Huh?
Ren, if it's for Hachi,
why not do the favor of having him write out her full name?
What is her full name?
Hachi...
Where have I heard that before?
You met her a while ago, Takumi.
At the mahjongg tournament. Nana Komatsu.
Oh, yes, Nana.
She may no longer want an autograph from me.
Huh? But she said she wanted one.
- When? - The day of the mahjongg game.
Then there's no need. We did it the next day.
Where did Take go?
Wait. What do you mean, You did it.?
What? You want me to explain it to you?
She's my girl's best friend.
It's one thing to fool around with women but you've gone too far.
Know your limits.
Don't get all worked up.
It's not as if I forced myself onto her. She agreed to it.
She was wagging her tail looking all pleased.
Hey, you!
Take, it's nothing. They're just fooling around.
If you wanna fight, let's take it outside.
It's a party for all the tour staff. Don't spoil it.
- Nobu... - I'm going home.
You're going home?
Takumi...
Good job.
The autographs!
Are you all right, Takumi?
Shin is so awesome!
Don't laugh, Reira.
Don't get all upset, Takumi. You're the one at fault.
I was just telling the truth! What's wrong with that?!
You think you did absolutely nothing wrong?
I'm going home too.
You can't leave Takumi. We've still got the third party to go to.
Continue without me.
Takumi, the autographs...
I'll redo them tomorrow and send them to you.
Thanks to this, I just remembered something important that I must do.
What? A woman thing again?
When you see Nobu tell him.
He cannot reach my level even in a hundred years.
He doesn't have the guts to make a woman his, so stop fussing.
I agree with the second half.
I'll give him the message.
What is it at this time of night?
Hey, Hachi...
Hey, Nana...
Why are having a dream come true and achieving happiness
two different things?
I still don't get it, even now.
May Hachiko find a boyfriend. (long haired) Nana I still don't get it, even now.
May Hachiko find a boyfriend. (long haired) Nana
I reached into the sky
But I couldn't reach what I wanted
They grew smaller and disappeared into the sky
Like colorful balloons
I'm alone
My hand had no place to go
And gently you took it
Starless night
I won't look back at the shadow of my past
I want to feel your warmth
Tears are falling down
Even if I'm unsure I won't let go
Of your hand holding mine
