I'm still calling your name, Nana.
No matter how much it hurts...
until you answer me.
I'm sorry I couldn't keep my promise.
You may not remember this,
but I was serious about building that nice house with a big yard.
It would be on a hill where we could see the ocean,
complete with a state-of-the-art system kitchen and basement studio.
In your closet would be
a whole line of clothes of the latest fashion,
so that you'd have a smile on your face every time you came home,
even with your tendency to have your heart broken by men.
Blinking eyes call the wind
A smile clears all the noise away
The angel in your eyes whispers
Everything begins now
Can you feel it now Can you feel it now
It's like being caught in a wave
Pulling on my heart Pulling on my heart
Breath held, arms reaching out
Baby this world is different from yesterday's
You're the only one I can see
Baby my wish on a wing
This sky is torn
By a single overflowing word
One way ticket to Tokyo.
The trains are running late because of the snow.
Anything will do as long as it gets me there.
You didn't hafta come see me off.
I called in sick and took the day off to come see you off,
so you could be nicer.
You come alone? What about Nobu?
He's probably home crying about now.
After all, you only told him yesterday.
Put yourself in the position of those who are left behind.
Sorry. I struggled to find the right time to tell you guys.
Although we knew that this day would come eventually.
What is it?
Your birthday present.
This piece of paper?
REN
Don't get me wrong! I'm not going to Tokyo to see him!
I know. That has nothing to do with this.
You don't understand.
You don't understand anything.
The train on platform one for Tokyo,.,
- If you understand my feelings... - will be departing momentarily.
- then come with me... - All passengers not aboard are asked,.,
- Yasu! - to please board the train now.
Why can't I say these few words?
Because... you've chosen your path in life.
And Nobu has a great future ahead of him.
I can't say it.
So you hafta wish for it yourself.
Nana.
Don't go.
It'll be lonely without you.
Stop messing with me! Then you come with me!
I guess negotiations break off there. Oh well, good luck.
Yasu! There are law firms in Tokyo, too!
You can sing in this town, too.
But there is no big stage like the Tokyo Dome or Budokan here.
Think of it as a foolish dream if you want.
But one day, I will definitely perform on a big stage.
I'll perform before an incredible number of spotlights
and amount of cheering,
and earn so much money I won't know how to spend it.
I'm not some princess who is satisfied just singing.
Singing is my means to live.
So one day, I'll definitely...
What? Who?
And, how long does she intend to stay on top of me?
Are you all right?
I'm fine. Sorry!
I'll never forget that day. March 5th, 2001.
My twentieth birthday.
That's the day I met you.
That stupid Demon Lord!
It's nothing to cry about.
But I was really looking forward to the fireworks!
I even withdrew cash from my savings to buy a yukata to wear!
So you finally dipped into Natsuko's 300,000 yen.
We met on the train to Tokyo,
I ended up moving in together with Nana Komatsu.
Nickname Hachi, or Hachiko.
Hachiko is selfish, overly dependent and cries easily.
She is completely boy crazy
and she's quick to switch over.
She's only been in Tokyo for six months
and she's already dating a third guy.
Nobu...
But she would remain uncorrupted. She was a strange woman.
Typhoon Eleven, which has made its way onto land in the Kanto region,
is getting stronger as it continues north and is expected to reach,.,
- Are you that jealous of our happiness? - the Tohoku area later tonight,.,
- Well, I do understand how you feel. - and Hokkaido tomorrow morning.
- Are you talking to the Demon Lord again? - Total rain accumulation is estimated,.,
- I worry about you, Nobu. - at 200 ml. in the Kanto region,
- But I'll let it go since Hachi's cute. - 150 ml. in the Tohoku region,
- Wrong. I'm talking to the weather girl. - and 100 to 150 ml. in Hokkaido.
- Now I'm even more worried. - Now, tomorrow's weather.
First, the Kyushu and Okinawa regions,.,
- Na... - Nobuo! What are you doing?
Come here right now!
You promised to pick up Hachiko at seven o'clock, right?!
But we can't go anywhere with this typhoon.
The fireworks will obviously be canceled anyway.
Don't you wanna see Hachiko in her yukata?
It's bound to give you a nosebleed.
Why are you coming along, Shin?!
I wanna see Hachi in a kimono, too!
It's not a kimono, it's a yukata!
What's the difference?!
- She's so cute! - She's so cute!
We bought fireworks.
Let's go to the river and light them after the storm passes.
Really? Thanks!
Hachi was like a pet that belonged to our band.
Well, a better term would be our Madonna.
Just having Hachi there smiling brightened the place up.
It gave everyone added energy in the studio,
as well as during live performances.
I felt it had more meaning to the band than getting another member,
no matter how skilled that band member may be.
That's a lot of water from the rain. The riverbeds have disappeared.
Thank goodness the barriers didn't collapse.
The fireworks won't light up!
Damn! They're damp because of the rain.
- Ow! - Are you all right?!
Oh, it's better you don't touch it.
Wanna go to the convenience store again?
I got one lit, Nana.
Here.
Thank you!
Very impressive, Yasu.
Light one up for me, too.
You want one too, Misato?
Yes!
Hey, what about me?
Here, Nobu. I'll lend you my fire.
Thank you.
Here.
Is it innocence or deceit?
Nana!
You probably don't realize it, do you?
Every move you make...
stirs my heart around at the strength of a typhoon.
I feel like a teenage boy falling in love for the first time.
It feels like my heart is about to burst.
Do you wanna do it with Hachiko?
It's not like that!
That head of yours really does only think about doing it!
But a young man in love for the first time
is totally battling against his sexual desire.
Yes, it is a battle. But it's not about sexual desire.
Then more like an appetite?
Yeah, she does look delicious. Like rice cake.
Rice cake?
AND CUTE When I talk with you,
AND CUTE I feel like a total idiot for seriously worrying about stuff.
I'm glad about that.
Because you've always had the tendency
to take things too negatively and seriously.
Hachi seems to be really affectionate with you,
so you should be glad that someone cares about you so much.
Treat her as well as your heart desires.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Yeah, but...
Chamame!
Well, now that you mention it, that does make sense.
But I hate feeling persuaded like that!
Why am I always influenced by what Ren says or does?
I can understand that being the case in the past,
but why is it still like that?
I haven't matured a bit.
First of all, I had no intention of getting back together with him.
So why am I seeing him like a part-time wife?
Why am I making miso soup?! And at this time of the night?
Because it's my favorite, right?
Well, yeah but...
Hey, where's your switch?
I don't have one.
If there is one, install it in me.
Someone...
please adjust me.
Why does my heart still burn so hot?
Hello?
Oh, Take. Good morning.
No, it's okay. I'll take my car.
I'll leave in thirty minutes.
He's hardly had any sleep.
He's gonna make himself sick.
But...
I do envy him for having so much work.
In fact, it's frustrating.
You could stay in bed longer.
If you try living like me, you'll die young.
But I hafta go to work.
The moving company Nobu works at is short of staff,
so he introduced me and got me a job there.
A moving company? That's a manly job.
I can no longer work in the evenings with our band practicing every night,
so I need to make my earnings during the day.
What's going on with your debut? Any progress?
Not really.
Back then, I stayed at Ren's place for about half of the week,
but we missed each other often,
and would only see each other for short periods.
When we were together,
we couldn't control our passion for each other,
so we hardly spent any time talking about ourselves.
But I thought it was better that way.
Because that way we could avoid unnecessary subjects
that would only make us feel awkward.
What? Still there?
So annoying, aren't they?
Maybe I should move.
But maybe that won't make any difference.
Huh? What? Those papa-rakkyos?
Not the rakkyos!
I'm talking about that woman!
I told you to have her go home!
Rakkyo makes me wanna eat curry and rice.
Yeah? I prefer like Fukujinzuke on my curry rice.
What? Curry rice wouldn't be complete without a raw egg. Right, Takumi?
I don't eat the common folk's food!
BEEF CURRY
Open a pack of curry, and heat it in a pot.
When you find you're running short, add a pack at a time.
Be careful so that it doesn't burn and stick to the pot.
The rice is already cooked,
so place a little on each plate...
Miss Komatsu?
I'm very sorry.
It can't be helped. You're not feeling well.
Thank goodness it happened before we let the customers in.
I am really sorry.
You mustn't take summer heat fatigue lightly.
You'd better go see a doctor.
Yes.
PHARMACY
You're eating it. And at an employees' cafeteria.
THE COMMON FOLK'S CURRY RICE
These things are usually the furthest from my mind,
so why is it that when I suddenly remember it,
I suddenly have a strong craving for it?
Bottom line is, you love the stuff?
I wish it would end already.
What?
Summer vacation.
Only three more days.
Summer vacation seems like a long break, but it goes by so fast.
If at least discussions about your debut were more concrete,
I could go home feeling relieved.
It's been a month already since you signed that contract,
but you don't even have an agency yet.
It's only a temporary contract, after all.
I'm not quite clear on the meaning of that temporary contract.
How is it different from the official contract?
I'd say it's something like an engagement before a wedding?
Mr. Kawano is presently working hard to collect funds and personnel
to organize a big reception for us.
The contract is there so we remain faithful to them,
even if others approach us.
In turn, we're free to use Gaia's music studios as much as we want,
while we prepare to be beautiful brides.
I get it!
I finally understand now. Thank you.
Hey, Misato. You're older than me,
so why do you talk so politely to me?
Well, you're younger than me, Shin,
so how come you're able to help me with my 12th grade homework?
I can only help you with your English.
Have Yasu or someone help you with the other stuff.
I knew it!
You knew it?
You have that pretty and luminous face, because you're only half Japanese, right?
Pretty and luminous?
You can hide it all you want, but I can tell.
That's why your English is so good, right?
My English is good because I was raised abroad.
My parents are both Japanese.
What? Raised abroad? Where?
I mean, so you're not half Japanese with that face?
Don't you believe me?
I don't.
I don't either.
They shouldn't have given birth to me.
SPEEDY RESULTS INSTRUCTIONS
All right! All right! Okay, stop!
Wow, such a huge mansion!
It's small! Too small!
It's nothing compared to the future house of Nana from BLAST.
I'll show you, Demon Lord!
I see you've also become a believer of the Demon Lord.
No way! The Demon Lord is my underling.
Back then, I had a dream that I couldn't give up.
Thanks to that, I was able to obtain so much,
and at the same time lose something so precious.
But I lived life to the fullest, so I have no regrets.
Just...
there's one thing that weighs heavy on my heart.
Hey, Hachi...
Right now... Are you smiling?
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
