Next up is the inter-club relay race.
On your mark! Get set!
Here I go!
Billionaire
Billionaire Here.
Indian sum- Here.
Indian sum-
Darn it, I wanted to come up from behind and pass everyone at the end,
but thanks to Yuki, we just blew them all away.
To all times and places
To all times and places It was a beautiful run.
To all times and places I just hope that the track team doesn't lose their confidence because of it.
In the nick of time
In the nick of time This isn't funny.
Because of this, people are going to think we're even weirder than they did before.
Though it might be kind of late for that to matter.
I suppose that there's no need to explain that our outfits
Unexplored area and the four character phrases we have on our headbands are all Haruhi's idea.
What the heck is this supposed to mean?
So, is it okay to get changed out of this?
And as usual, you guys are just so weird.
You and Miss Suzumiya's merry little band.
Cut it out. I'm trying to live my life as quietly as I can.
Well, you did run in that outfit.
It was hard to run in, too.
That's not the problem.
That's sure to be in the graduation album. I'm looking forward to it.
Cut me a break.
What? Creepy!
Did you see her? The one with the ponytail is cute.
Our seemingly endless summer vacation finally ended,
and even though the second term had only just begun,
we're already in the midst of our school's field day.
You could tell just by looking at us that there was no way
that Haruhi was going to sit still on a day as beautiful as today.
In any case, Haruhi seems to love festival events.
DAY BY DAY unzari dayone dakara Day by day, everything's just so dull
Doudou to kotowacchau kimi ni narina yo That's why you need to become someone that can just reject it all
OH MY BOY kippari shinakya uso ni Oh my boy, you need to be decisive
Tsukiatterarenai yo semai sekai de I won't deal with any lies in this small world
Jibun de mitsuketa MYSELF suki ni natte touzen I found myself on my own, it's natural you'd fall for me
Kudaranai yarikara kette Kick away the boring ways of doing things,
subete wa atashi ga kimeru I'm going to decide everything
I SAY I SAY MY HEAVEN I say, I say my heaven
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin Super driver, leave everything to the rush
SUPER DRIVER tosshin makasete nantettate zenshin And just keep going forward, no matter what
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Surpass (Don't you stop me) The idea of impossible
Fukanou (DON'T YOU STOP ME) Tobikoete TAKE IT EASY, GO! Take it easy, go!
Daishouri tte doukan I agree, it's going to be a huge victory
Mochiron dounatta tte kaikan Of course, it'll feel pleasant, no matter what happens
Hanseikai? (GET BACK TO WILD) Sore yori saa isoide yo A review meeting? (Get back to wild) Forget that, now hurry up
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte muriyari We haven't tried this or that, we always do things how we want
Marude marude mikeiken korekara shimashou Everything's a new experience, let's try them out
Aremo koremo mitaiken itsudatte totsuzen We haven't tried this or that, we always do things suddenly
Marude marude mikeiken sore ga doushita no? Everything's a new experience, what about it?
And so, our crazy field day ended.
We had just started a new month,
and already the school festival was waiting for us.
Right now, our prefectural high school is preparing for it.
By the way, the class that Haruhi and I are in,
the fifth of the sophomore classes, had decided to wave our hands
Regarding the school festival Announce the results of a survey the fifth of the sophomore classes, had decided to wave our hands
and go with the half-assed idea of announcing the results of a survey.
Ever since Ryoko Asakura left at the beginning of spring,
no one's been crazy enough to try and take leadership of the class.
We're going, Kyon.
And so today, with a level of disinterest bordering on apathy,
I once again popped on over to the clubroom.
Why?
The reason was because the girl striding boldly beside me
said the following, and for no other reason.
Announcing the results of a survey? How dumb can you get?
What's fun about that? I don't get it at all!
Then you should have spoken up earlier.
You saw the troubled look on Mr. Okabe's face,
Regarding the school festival
Regarding the school festival while the class was acting like we were at a wake.
While the class was acting like we were at a wake.
Whatever.
I wasn't planning on taking part in whatever the class did anyways.
And yet it would seem that you had something to do
with our class winning the field day.
You took part in most of the track-related competitions and won all of them, right?
Or was that someone else?
This and that are two different things.
This is the school festival we're talking about!
It's the one vitally important super event that we get in a year.
We're going to do something really exciting!
As she said that, Haruhi's face looked like Hannibal's
as he crossed the Alps during the Second Punic War.
Confident and shining bright.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya I Confident and shining bright.
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya I
The Sigh of Haruhi Suzumiya I This is the school festival! You need to be more excited about it!
This is the school festival! You need to be more excited about it!
A sophomore's school festival only happens once a year, right?
Well, yeah. But it's no reason to get so riled up about it.
But it is! There's no point if you don't.
Almost all of the school festivals I know have been like that.
Did you have a really big school festival at your junior high?
Not at all. They weren't exciting at all.
That's why my high school festivals have to be.
And what would make it exciting for you?
Please explain it in a way that I'll understand.
All right, then.
I'll tell you in full detail when we get to the clubroom.
Hmm, the scent of lavender.
Oh, hello.
Oh, I thought the flowers were blooming.
- I'll bring some tea right away. - Oh, don't trouble yourself...
You look like a dirty old man.
Mikuru, where's Koizumi?
He's not here yet. He does seem to be a bit late.
Mikuru, how much longer on the tea?
I'm bringing it now!
Mikuru.
Yes?
I think I told you before. Don't you remember?
Huh? Remember what?
When you serve tea, you need to trip and stumble one third of the time.
You're not acting like a klutzy maid at all!
Oh... s-sorry!
Does she think a maid needs to be klutzy so they can be scolded or something?
Well, you're in luck, Mikuru. You can practice on Kyon.
Try to get it so that the cup lands upside-down on his head!
Miss Asahina, only someone like Haruhi would laugh at a joke like that.
Please figure that out already.
Hey dummy, I'm not joking! I'm always serious!
We're in big trouble if that's the case.
All right, then. I'll show you, and then you try, Mikuru.
Hey.
Wait.
Hey! Stop interfering!
Interfere? Who in the world would just stand by
while someone else tried to pour boiling water on their head?
Here you are.
You should be happy, Nagato.
Taniguchi would spend three days drinking that.
I'm sorry, homeroom ran a bit late.
If our meeting had to be delayed because of that, I apologize.
Meeting? What are you talking about?
I forgot to mention it to you, though I told everyone else during lunch.
I figured I could tell you any old time.
Why is it that you had the time to go to their classrooms,
but you couldn't be bothered to tell the guy who sits right in front of you?
It doesn't matter. The problem isn't when you found out,
- it's what we're going to do about it. - Was that supposed to be profound?
More importantly, we need to think about what we're going to do.
Present tense or future tense. Choose one.
On top of that, decide if you're going to use the singular or the plural for the subject!
We're all going to participate, of course. This is an SOS Brigade event, after all.
By which you mean?
I said this earlier. What else is there besides the school festival?
In that case, that's a school-wide event, not just a Brigade event.
If you're so hot on being featured in the school festival,
you should have applied to be a festival staff member.
They probably can use all the help they can get.
There's no point to that.
We have to do something suitable for the SOS Brigade.
We've come this far, after all!
We're a super prominent group that the whole school is aware of, you know.
Get it?
It's easy for you, since all you're doing is blathering on about your own plans,
but what about all of the suffering that Miss Asahina and I have to endure?
Koizumi just sits there, smiling away,
and Nagato doesn't help with the brainstorming,
so it'd be nice if she thought about a normal guy like me once in a while.
We have to do something that lives up to their expectations.
Who in the world has any expectations for the SOS Brigade?
Now there's a survey that should be held.
What's your class doing, Mikuru?
Umm, my class? We're opening a yakisoba cafe...
You're going to be a waitress, I'll bet.
How did you know? Everyone said I should, so...
What about yours, Koizumi?
Well, we've decided to hold a play.
But we're still discussing if we'll do a classical play or something original.
Now there's a class with some spirit.
It seems like that'd be kind of annoying, though.
What about you, Yuki?
- Fortune telling. - Fortune telling?
Yes.
Nagato is going to tell people's fortunes? Are you sure you don't mean predicting?
How about this?
Let's combine it all and have a theater cafe where you take fortune telling surveys.
Stop with the foolishness, and let's get this meeting started.
There's nothing written yet, so where should we look?
We're going to start writing now.
Mikuru, you're the secretary, so be sure to write everything down.
Okay!
I don't know when Miss Asahina became our secretary.
No one does, because Haruhi probably decided that just now.
We, the SOS Brigade, are going to hold a movie showing!
I don't know what goes on inside of Haruhi's head.
Never mind that. This is normal for her. But...
How is this a meeting? This is more like you giving a policy speech.
This is normal for us.
Whoa, close!
It looks like Miss Suzumiya had decided what we were going to do from the start.
It doesn't look like there's any room for negotiation.
Still, I wonder why a movie.
She probably saw some C-movie late last night
and it left her in a dreary mood or something.
There's something I've always wondered about.
I wonder about the inside of your head.
Doesn't that seem really unnatural?
Why do they die with such good timing? It's weird.
That's why I hate shows where someone dies at the end.
I would never shoot a movie like that!
SOS Brigade: Movie showing
That's what I mean. Understand?
What do you mean, That's what I mean?
All we know is that we're showing a movie. How are we going to pay for it?
Kyon, you need some more smarts.
We're going to MAKE the movie and then show it at the school festival.
And the credits will read Presented by the SOS Brigade!
When did we become the Movie Club?
What are you talking about? We'll always be the SOS Brigade.
We haven't turned into the Movie Club.
Okay, I understand.
We're going to shoot a movie of our own creation,
and then show it to the school. Is that right?
That's it!
But... why a movie?
Last night, I had some trouble sleeping.
When I turned the TV on, there was a weird movie on.
I thought so.
And it was such a pathetic movie.
It was so bad that I thought about internationally crank-calling the director.
Then I thought, I can make a better movie than this!
And so I figured we should go for it.
If you want to be a director or a producer, that's fine.
Then we can do whatever we want, right?
What are you talking about?
What would you do if we said that we didn't want to do that?
You can't make a movie with just a director.
Don't worry, I've already got a script mostly done.
No, that's not what I'm talking about.
There's nothing to worry about. Just follow my lead, same as always.
- There's absolutely no need to worry. - I'm worried.
Leave the planning to me. I'll take care of all of it.
Now I'm really worried.
Man, you're so annoying. I said we're doing it, so we're doing it.
We're aiming to be voted the best event of the school festival.
If we do, then even the stupid student council will finally
recognize the SOS Brigade as a club.
No! We're going to MAKE them recognize us.
First we need to get the public on our side!
How are we going to pay for this?
- We have funds. - Where?
We have the money that they gave the Literature Club.
Then that's the Literature Club's funds. It's not for you to use.
But Yuki said it's okay.
I did.
Okay, everyone!
This is more important than whatever your classes are doing!
I'll listen to any opposing opinions after the school festival.
Got it? The director's orders are absolute!
First brigade leader, and now director?
What's she planning to become in the end? Please don't say god or something.
Okay, we're done for today!
I've got a lot to think about, since I'm the producer!
I'll tell you the details tomorrow.
Well, this is good.
I'm relieved that it's not something like capturing an alien to put it in a sideshow,
or shooting down a UFO and then making an exhibit of its internal structures.
Besides, I'm interested in seeing what kind of movie Miss Suzumiya wants to make.
It looks like this will be quite an interesting school festival.
Quite interesting indeed.
D-Do you need something?
Oh, nothing.
I was just wondering what costume Haruhi is going to bring next.
Still... a movie...
A movie, huh?
To be honest, I was kind of interested in it, too.
Though not as much as Koizumi.
It might be better if I was looking forward to it more, though.
After all, there probably isn't going to be anyone that will be.
I take back what I said.
I shouldn't have looked forward to it at all.
After school the next day, I ended up with a frown on my face.
General Commander, General Director, Producer, Writer: Haruhi Suzumiya
Lead actress: Mikuru Asahina Lead actor: Itsuki Koizumi Supporting actress: Yuki Nagato
Assistant Director, Photography, Editor, Gofer, Assistant, Errand boy, Quartermaster, Everything else: Kyon
So what am I supposed to do?
Just as it's written on there.
I'm the heroine?
Umm, if it's possible, I'd like to have a less prominent role...
No way! We're going to have you play a really flashy role.
You're kind of like our Brigade's trademark, after all.
You might want to practice your autograph.
When we have our premier showing, I'm sure that people will want it.
Where are you planning on holding that?
But I can't act.
It's all right. I'll be sure to give you perfect direction.
Oh, but Yuki and Koizumi don't seem to be very serious about this.
I told them this took priority.
I guess I'll have to give them a mild warning for showing up late because of their classes.
I think it's stranger that Miss Asahina and I are here, right now.
Is it okay for you to not participate in your class's meeting, Miss Asahina?
Yes. I'm just going to be a waitress, so I just need to get sized for my outfit.
I wonder what the outfit is going to be like.
I'm kind of looking forward to it.
The slightly embarrassed smile on Miss Asahina's face
seems to point to her being used to cosplay now.
It's probably better that she'll be wearing the proper outfit for the proper place
instead of wearing these pointless costumes for the SOS Brigade.
Oh, if you want to be a waitress that badly, Mikuru,
I'll bring some costumes for you.
Well, never mind that.
By the way Kyon, what do you think is necessary to make a movie?
I guess it would be an original idea and an untiring passion to create.
A camera, of course. How can we shoot a movie without equipment?
I don't need an abstract answer like that.
That might be true, but I didn't want to give such a matter-of-fact answer... oh well.
And that's why we're going to go get a video camera.
Oh, M-M-Miss Suzumiya, now that you mention it,
there's something I need to do, so I need to go back to my class-
Quiet.
Don't worry.
You've never once said, Don't worry when we didn't actually have to worry.
We're not going to use your body to pay for what we need this time.
I just need your help, is all.
Tell us how she's supposed to help!
If you don't, then Miss Asahina and I are not budging from these seats.
We're going to look for sponsors.
It would give them a better idea of what we're doing if we brought the star, right?
You're coming, too, to carry the stuff.
It's supposed to be autumn, but it's not very cool at all.
It looks like the Earth has finally gone stupid,
and it forgot to have autumn come to Japan.
After we came down the mountain, we got on a local train for a private train line,
and took it three stops.
We went to a place not too far from the area with the cherry trees
that Miss Asahina and I walked along not too long ago.
Iwaigawa Shopping Strip
Ohmori Electronics
Ohmori Electronics It looks like she's planning on getting our filming equipment from here.
It looks like she's planning on getting our filming equipment from here.
But how?
Wait here a second. I'll go talk to him.
Hold this!
I'll probably grab Miss Asahina and bolt
if Haruhi does anything that's even the slightest bit suspicious.
Maybe I should warn the nice man...
I wonder what she's doing.
She's probably asking him to lend her
the highest-end digital handycam he has in the store for free.
She's capable of saying something like that, after all.
What a troublemaker.
Haruhi believes that her own standards and decisions are absolute.
And she sometimes incorrectly assumes that other people share her opinions.
In fact, that's often the case.
Which means she just doesn't get it.
If you want to make faster-than-light travel possible,
just put Haruhi on your spaceship.
She would probably just ignore the laws of relativity for you.
Oh, it looks like they've finished.
Ta-dah!
And with this, we've taken our first step. We're right on schedule.
How did you manage to get such an expensive-looking camera for free?
Do you have some kind of blackmail material on that old man?
No way. I just explained the situation, and he generously donated it.
If he gave it to you, then tell me what you said. I want one, too.
It wasn't much. I said we wanted to shoot a film, and so he gave it to me.
No problem.
There may not be a problem now, but I have the feeling there'll be one later.
Stop worrying so much.
All you have to do is be my underling and do as I say.
All right, let's go to the next store.
I started to understand. When she pointed at us,
Haruhi's index finger was aimed squarely at Miss Asahina.
The cost of these items is going to determine what Miss Asahina
is going to have to do.
I wonder if I should tell her.
Ta-dah!
What do you have this time?
Weapons.
Here you go.
What am I supposed to do with this?
We're going to use them for our gunfight action scenes
Flashy gunfights are the basis for entertainment.
If we can, I'd love to blow up an entire building.
Do you know where we can get some dynamite?
- Think they sell it at the general store? - How should I know?
I'm pretty sure that they don't sell it on the internet, though.
So what am I supposed to do with this stuff?
Take it back to your place for now, and bring it to the clubroom tomorrow.
It would be too bothersome to go back to school right now.
- I'm supposed to? - Yes, you.
It's her special SOS Brigade smile,
the one you don't see in the classroom very often.
Whenever Haruhi smiles like this,
it means that my role in salvaging the impending disaster has come back.
It feels like a reverse Straw Millionaire.
Umm...
Sora kara ochite kitanda It fell from the sky
Subete no negai wo nosete With all of the wishes that were made upon it
Hitotsu no hoshi niwa chotto omokatta kana Maybe it was a little too heavy for a single star
Yappari nanika henda yo Something just doesn't seem right
Kokoro no kimi ga kieta The image of you in my mind has vanished
Tashika ni oboeteru tte ieruno kai? Can I say that I remember you clearly?
Tomare! Stop!
Kako wa jibun no mono The past belongs to me
Touzen daretomo torikaetakunai Of course I don't want to trade it with anyone else
Nazenara That's because
Basudei datta watashitachi niwa It was my birthday, and when we saw each other
Deai ga umareta toki ni We could see the first dream
Hajimete no yume ga mieru That we had when we were born
Doushiyouka tte nayanda koto mo Worrying about what do I do?
Ima omoeba waraeru hodo datta yo ne Is laughable when I think about it now
Mou wasureteta I've already forgotten it
Kimi wo sagasou Let's search for you
