Here, say aah.
How is it?
Yeah, this is tasty!
Really? These fruits are a Germanian specialty.
Hey! Don't feed someone else's familiar!
Oh, it's all right.
We all get bored when it's study hall all the time.
Well, the whole thief hubbub means no time to hold classes, I'm sure.
But it sure is a big deal.
I hear rumors that Princess Henrietta may have to take responsibility.
The reason why Fouquet could sneak in was
because they pulled the few guards they had to guard the Princess, right?
In the first place, I hear that she had decided to visit the Institute,
pushing aside all objections from her advisors...
Princess...
Miss Valliere!
Miss Tabitha!
Come to the Principal's office immediately!
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
The sky where two moons never fade away
That's an impossibility, right?
This is the first time I've felt anything like this
I'm feeling more and more at ease with this place
Even if you trip and become depressed
I will always hold you tight with a squeeze
The story where we met that day stays hot with a sweet kiss
See, you can cast magic, and the wishes will surely come true
A history of the couple's romance that starts from the first kiss
You, the one who cast magic on this destiny, suddenly appeared
A Thief's Identity
Why are you here?
It's all right. It sounds fun, don't you think?
Upon questioning various folk around town,
we have gathered information about sightings of a suspicious shadow
entering and leaving a deserted shack deep in the woods.
You sure are quick with your job, Miss Longueville.
From those testimonies, I attempted to sketch it out.
How is it?
This is Fouquet! There's no doubt about it!
Let's report this to the Palace immediately.
We can ask the Royal Guards to send men there.
If we drag our heels that much, Fouquet will catch on to us.
We must get the Staff of Destruction back with our own hands,
to regain the Institute's honor that was tarnished by that thief!
Raise your staff, if you are up for the challenge!
What's wrong?
Are there no nobles that want to raise their fame by capturing Fouquet?
I'll go!
Miss Valliere!
I will go as well.
Zerbst!
I can't afford to lose against a Valliere.
You know...
Tabitha?
You don't have to. This is a problem between the two of us.
I'm worried about you two.
Tabitha!
Thank you.
Then I will leave it to the three of you.
These two have witnessed Fouquet.
On top of that, Miss Tabitha is a Chevalier Knight, at so young an age.
A knight?!
Is that true, Tabitha?
Furthermore, Miss Zerbst is from
an established military family in Germania.
I also hear that her flame magic is very strong as well.
And...
Miss Valliere over here is a daughter of the Valliere family,
which has had several excellent mages, and... well...
She has a very bright future...
Oh, that's right!
I hear that her familiar is an excellent swordsman who
overwhelmed Guiche de Grammont, the son of General Grammont!
That's right! He has the legendary Gund...
The Institute of Magic will be looking forward to your hard work
as well as your duties as nobles!
Old Osman, I will serve as their guide.
Will you do so, Miss Longueville?
I had intended to from the start.
What?
She can use magic, so Fouquet is a noble, right?
Why is a noble stealing things as a thief?
It's not the case that all mages are nobles.
For various reasons, many have been demoted from nobility to peasants.
Among them, many disguise themselves as guards,
or turn into criminals.
Even I am one of those that has been demoted from nobility.
But, Miss Longueville, you're Old Osman's secretary, right?
Mr. Osman isn't too picky about noble or peasant.
Then what was the reason you lost your nobility?
Isn't it all right? I would like to hear it.
You're being rude, Zerbst!
I'm just having idle chitchat because I'm bored.
Geez... For what sad reasons do I have to come catch a thief...
Then you didn't need to come out here.
It's because I'm worried about my darling.
Right, Darling?
Yeah...
What about you?
What are you going to do if a golem shows up again?
That should be obvious! I'll get that thing with my magic.
Magic? Whose?
Don't make me laugh, Louise the Zero!
Come on, don't come all the way out here to have a fight.
Oh, Darling...
You forgot this.
Oh, but I have him with me.
Such a cheap thing won't do you any good in a crisis.
Don't you think so?
Well, I don't exactly disagree...
But...
Do whatever you want.
See, you got permission from your master.
Then, without hesitation...
According to the information, it has to be that shack.
It's just an old charcoal-burning shack.
It could be camouflage.
It seems like an empty house.
There doesn't seem to be any place to hide.
There's nobody in there.
There seem to be no traps.
Tabitha!
I'll stand guard outside.
Yeah, please do.
Then I will scout the surroundings.
Let's do a once-over to see if there are any clues.
Well, even if it's useless...
Oh, at this rate I'll be covered in dust.
Tabitha, Saito, let's go outside now.
Staff of Destruction.
What's the matter?
It's certainly the same box, but...
Louise?
A golem?!
Nied Iss Har...
Inn Ex Pet Flame...
Fire!
We're no match for it after all!
Where's Louise?
What are you doing?!
Run, Louise!
I will not!
Stop it! You're no match for it!
In the first place, you can't cast spells...
I'm a noble!
You don't call someone a noble because they use magic!
You call someone a noble who never shows their back to the enemy!
I won't be called Louise the Zero forever!
Tiel Nidul Thunder!
Don't get in my way!
Who cares if you're a noble?!
It's all over if you die, idiot!
I mean...
People always, always make fun of me, and it's frustrating.
They'll make fun of me again if I run away!
Hey, come on, don't cry.
And I won't be able to keep the promise I made to the Princess...
Get on.
Kirche, please!
Get a grip!
You too.
It's all right! Go!
Saito?!
It sure makes me want to do something about it.
Damn piece of dirt!
Don't underestimate me!
I'm the familiar of Louise the Zero!
You're kidding me!
Wasn't it a fine piece from Germania?!
Draw me, partner!
You'll break too!
If you don't want to die, draw me! Don't you get it?!
All right! Shut up!
My body is so light.
It feels just like when I was fighting Guiche!
What are you saying, this late in the game?
Don't space out on me! It's coming!
What? It looks like he's gotten agile all of a sudden.
Damn... I won't lose like this, but I can't win either.
What should I do?
I have to do something! Let me borrow that!
What the heck?!
Let me down!
Louise!
Get away from Saito!
The Staff of Destruction?!
It can't be!
Why?
Louise!
This isn't a magic staff!
You use it like this!
Take cover!
Amazing...
Why is something like that...
He's a peasant, but he can use a magic staff?!
You really are my darling after all!
Oh, no, it's not that... My body was moving on its own again.
Where is Fouquet?
If the golem was here,
that means she's somewhere close by.
Good job.
Miss Longueville, where have you been?
Staff of Destruction describes it well enough.
It blew my golem into dust.
My golem?
No way.
You're Fouquet?
Don't move!
Stealing it is well and good,
but I was in a bind because I couldn't figure out how to use it.
I thought that if I brought someone from the Institute,
I was sure to get good results.
That's why...
My guess was slightly off when students came instead of instructors,
but I thought that the familiar standing there could pull it off.
Nothing less from Gundolf.
Gundolf?
I give you my thanks.
Farewell.
Why?
Unfortunately, this is a single-use weapon.
It's called a rocket launcher,
a weapon that came from my world.
So this ends our job... Right?
We have handed Fouquet over to the Palace Guards,
and the Staff of Destruction is once again secure in the vault.
That puts an end to the matter.
You all are the guests of honor for tonight's banquet.
That is to be expected.
The Palace thinks very highly of this incident.
I am sure that they will reward the three of you.
A reward from the Palace?! Amazing!
Three? That means that Saito...
Unfortunately, since he is not a nobleman...
I see.
I don't care about that.
Instead, I would like to ask something.
I have to dress up really nicely today!
Saito...
I am not someone from this world.
I was unintentionally summoned here by Louise.
The Staff of Destruction is a weapon that exists in my world.
Where did you find it?
I see. That's how it is.
The Staff of Destruction is a memento from a certain man.
I believe it's already been thirty years.
He had saved my life,
and was dressed in a peculiar outfit that I'd never seen before.
That man had suffered terrible wounds.
I brought him back to the Institute,
and gave him our best care, but...
He passed away?
In the end, I never figured out who he was, or where he came from.
The man had two Staves of Destruction on him.
I buried the staff that had saved me with him in his grave,
and I offered the second to the Palace.
To think that such a story was behind the Staff of Destruction...
Dammit! I thought I finally found a lead to finding my way back!
What's wrong, partner?
There's a party going on. What's with the glum face?
Leave me alone.
I thought I would be able to go home,
but I didn't learn anything after all.
The daughter of Duke Valliere,
Miss Louise FranCoise Le Blanc de La Valliere, has arrived!
That's Louise, right?
Miss Louise!
May I have the...
Hey! Fine feathers make fine birds, eh?
Quiet.
Why are you standing there, looking dazed?
It's fine for me to do anything, right?
I haven't been given any orders from my master today.
Something's starting.
Come on, you should go.
I wouldn't mind dancing with you.
Don't you mean, May I please have this dance?
It's just for today.
Will you honor me with one song's worth of a dance, gentleman?
Sure...
I'll pass after all. I've never danced before anyway.
Just follow me.
Like this?
I'll believe you.
What's that?
That you came from another world.
What, you didn't believe me?
I had my doubts until now,
but that Staff of Destruction was a weapon from your world, right?
Seeing something like that, I have to believe you.
Hey, do you want to go back?
Well, yeah.
That makes sense.
Um, thank you.
What's up with this, so suddenly?
You're acting kinda strange today.
You saved me when I was almost crushed by that golem.
I'm just saying thanks for that.
What are you talking about? Of course I did.
Why?
Because I'm your familiar.
This is a surprise.
A familiar that serves as his master's dance partner...
I've never seen anything like it! A real surprise!
As if I were under a real magic spell
A bright smile is burnt onto my heart
But each time I see you, I give you a pointy, cold shoulder
Why do I act mean towards the one that I think about the most?
My true feelings, the shards of loneliness
In the deepest part of my heart, I'm calling for you
For the day to start from zero
At the request of the Princess,
we hid our social status to find out what's going on in the city.
Just you watch.
I'll uncover the injustices of the city one after another!
What? Tres bien?
