The moment I saw that empty room,
I felt that I had become lost in a lonely world where only I existed.
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Baby I'm standing alone
An unforgettable rainy day
Chasing after your shadow
And it's over, it's like sand now
I sigh every night
I scream like a child and cried
It hangs there quietly, my sorrow
Please, please God, forgive my sins
I don't need to hide no more
Flowing toward the turquoise light
Just keep going on
You've got the chance now
You've got the power
Know you gotta be so true to yourself
I show you my life now
I show you my love now
I show you my everything yeah yeah
You'd better change now You'd better catch now
Don't ever change so be yourself
I'll show you my strength now
I'll show you my love now
I'll show you my everything yeah yeah
Baby don't be afraid
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, keep going on
What?! She moved?!
Mhm. She says she lives a lot farther away,
so she doesn't think she can come by much.
She asked me to give her best to everyone here at Jackson's.
Wait a minute. What's that supposed to mean?
That's making me feel real lonely.
Who moved?
Nana. She moved to Shirogane.
Why Shirogane, all of a sudden?
Minami Aoyama, Hiroo, Azabu.
Each one of those properties was spectacular as well.
They're all in really expensive districts!
But I thought right from the beginning that Nana would choose Shirogane.
Why's that?
Because it's the place that young wives dream about.
Young wives?
She probably wants to be called Shiroganese.
What the?!
Personally, I'm a bit relieved.
I'm looking forward to seeing Nana in a wedding dress.
Even if she's doing it for her child's sake,
I can't understand how she could marry a guy she doesn't even love.
No, if she didn't love him she wouldn't do it.
But what about Nobu?!
She probably loves them both.
That's something you can relate to, isn't it?
I'm home!
Huh? You're here, Shoji.
So you've finally run outta money to drink at Jackson's?
A toast to Nana, who's marrying a rich guy.
So you heard.
Although she probably wouldn't want you to celebrate it.
But how rich is this guy, who can afford a million-yen rent?
No, it's 700,000 yen.
She persuaded him to save some of the rent money for the child.
Nana's starting to mature.
That's the strength of becoming a mother, I guess.
But even 700,000 yen is plenty expensive!
What is this guy?!
He's a musician.
Someone close to that guru again?
I guess. He's Yasu's friend, I hear.
If it's one of Yasu's friends, there's no need to worry.
But for him to have that much income would mean, unlike BLAST,
this guy's a professional musician, right?
Is he famous?
Naw, one would hafta be a major star to make that much in music.
He's likely some carefree son of a rich family.
Besides, why would a famous star want to marry someone like Nana?
Also, with how excited Nana gets when it comes to celebrities,
there's no way she would've kept quiet about it if he were even a little famous.
But maybe she's forced to keep it a secret because he's a celebrity!
Huh?
What's his name?
Takumi.
Takumi is so cool!
Of Trapnest?!
That's impossible!
Are you dumb?
Why are you following me?
See ya.
Why not?! I'll leave right away!
Just let me get a glimpse of Hachiko!
All right.
This is really nice. Is it a new building?
The rent is very reasonable for the space, right?
Because you've gotta walk a bit from the train station.
You never use the train anyway.
This is nice. Like a hidden residence.
Is it your first time to this place, too?
'Cuz we were confined to the studio the whole time?
No. I came to see this place once when I signed the contract.
Really?
I needed to check the neighborhood and the security system.
Or else I'd be worried.
Hello?
I'm home.
She's tripping on her words. She's too cute.
You seem to be having fun, Takumi.
Because we're newlyweds.
But you're not legally married yet.
Are you really serious about getting married?
You're still renting the place in Akasaka too, right?
Are you planning to live separately?
Shut up. I'll move outta that place eventually.
Eventually?
There's an auto-lock on each floor too. Talk about high security.
I'm seldom at home, so this is to ensure the safety of my wife and child.
Especially since you have many extreme fans.
Why are they so fixated on chasing an illusion?
I have trouble understanding it.
It's because it's an illusion!
In reality, there is no person who would do exactly as you'd wish.
But Takumi, you are getting married to the exact type of woman
you have trouble understanding.
I have trouble understanding that.
Nana knows that reality and illusions are two different things.
She knows that, and she still dreams without getting discouraged.
That's what's so cute about her.
Then Hachiko and I are the same!
So that makes me cute, too! Right, Takumi?
I wanna smack him.
Yes?
I'm home.
What am I gonna do?
I'm getting nervous.
Please don't stay long.
Don't intrude on our first night as newlyweds.
But you're not newlyweds, and it's not your first night together.
Hi. Good evening.
Who is this guy?!
WHO IS THIS GUY? Who is this guy?!
WHO IS THIS GUY?
Good evening...
NAOKI Good evening...
NAOKI
Hachiko's so cute!
THE REAL NAOKI Hachiko's so cute!
THE REAL NAOKI
THE REAL NAOKI If you're satisfied, go home.
If you're satisfied, go home.
This place is like a castle!
What part?!
WHAT PART?! What part?!
WHAT PART?!
You must be exhausted from your recording.
How thoughtful of you.
If it's not inconvenient, won't you stay for dinner?
Yes!
Don't bother. He'll be leaving right away.
Then I'll have dinner ready right away.
I got carried away and prepared too much,
so it would be a great help if you'd eat with us.
Yes.
MORNING SICKNESS COUNTERMEASURE
Wow! Thanks for the food!
Delicious!
Yeah? I'm glad.
You're a great cook, just like I'd heard.
No wonder he'd want you as his wife.
That's not why I decided to marry her.
If that's what I want, a housekeeper will do.
But, there aren't many girls who can cook like this.
On top of that, it must've been a lot of work
to make this place so livable so soon after moving.
Actually, I had a professional coordinator do the interior design before I moved in.
But I found it difficult to express the image I had in mind,
so it ended up looking a bit over the top.
I see.
We can gradually change things as we like.
Speaking of which,
what about the furniture you were using at your last place?
Did you throw them away?
No. I put them all in a room for now.
Your private room?
No, I plan to make that the baby's room.
I can use a lot of my furniture as is.
I even had the wallpaper changed, and the room looks so cute now!
I wanna see it!
Take a look!
So cute!
Isn't it?!
Thank you, Mama!
A flower pattern?!
There's nothing wrong with that. It looks really cute.
Like a Princess' room.
What if it's a boy?
What'll we do?
I felt so sure that it's gonna be a girl.
Then I'm sure it will be a girl.
I don't understand how you could be so sure.
I'm sorry. I got carried away.
Don't worry. Wallpaper can be changed anytime.
And we can keep trying until we have a girl.
Geez...
Well then...
SATISFIED I guess I'll be going now.
Just ask at the front desk, and they'll call you a taxi.
Yeah. Thanks for having me over.
And thanks for the great meal, Nana.
Please come again anytime, okay?
I'll come when Takumi's not around.
No way, that would be a problem!
Naoki's really funny. I never imagined him to be so outgoing.
I think we could get along. That makes me happy.
Really? He made me super exhausted. Fill up the tub for me, will you?
Oh, I did that already.
You don't need to try and be the perfect wife.
Let's take a bath together and relax.
I can't relax doing that.
Did you lose weight?
Mhm. About three kilos.
Is your morning sickness that bad?
But I've been feeling a lot better these past two, three days,
perhaps because of the change in atmosphere after moving.
Besides I was getting a bit chubby, so it's perfect now.
I guess so.
I'm sure you'll become chubby once the morning sickness is over.
No way!
I'll bet you'll become really fat.
What'll I do?! In fact, I tend to gain weight easily!
My mom and older sister are both chubby,
and my younger sister goes through great effort to maintain her great figure.
How many siblings do you have?
Two!
Both girls?
Mhm!
Wow, that's kinda scary.
There's nothing scary about it.
My older sister is as kind as a bodhisattva.
Did you talk to your parents?
Yeah. I called my mom.
How much did you tell her?
That I'm pregnant, so I might get married.
What do you mean might? Can't you trust me?
But!
Oh well.
And what did Mommy say?
Mommy? M-Mommy said...
MOMMY Mommy? M-Mommy said...
Mommy? M-Mommy said...
Oh, really? Congratulations. You did well.
Like that.
What kind of mom is that?
She's that kind of mom.
But I'll bet your Dad is furious, isn't he?
Not really.
Right after that call, he called me.
Rather than angry,
he just sighed and went on about what a foolish daughter I am.
He asked me what kind of man you are,
so I told him that you work in the music industry. Then...
He works at a karaoke shop? Is it all-you-can-sing?
That's what he said.
So I summed it up and told him that you write music and stuff.
Summed it up?
Because if they found out it's Takumi of Trapnest,
my younger sister will get all excited and tell all her friends!
I haven't even told Jun-chan about this yet.
Jun-chan?
She takes care of me like a mother, even more than my real mother.
She always lectures me, but I feel her love for me.
Maybe Jun-chan's the one who gave birth to me.
There's no need to be secretive about this to the people close to you.
I do have permission from the agency.
We've decided to notify the media by fax when the marriage becomes official.
Rather than trying to hide it, it's better to inform them and
make a request not to make a fuss about it because I'm marrying an ordinary girl.
I've kept this coming Sunday open,
so tell your parents that I'll be coming to meet them.
I'm hoping to discuss details such as the wedding date then.
We should make it soon before your belly begins to show.
FROM: NAOKI RE: REPORT
I went to check out Takumi and Hachiko's new home!
I WENT TO CHECK OUT TAKUMI AND HACHIKO'S NEW HOME! I went to check out Takumi and Hachiko's new home!
I WENT TO CHECK OUT TAKUMI AND HACHIKO'S NEW HOME!
HACHIKO IS A CUTE AND NICE GIRL, AND TAKUMI IS VERY KIND TO HER.
HACHIKO IS A CUTE AND NICE GIRL, AND TAKUMI IS VERY KIND TO HER. Hachiko is a cute and nice girl, and Takumi is very kind to her.
I'M SURE THINGS WILL GO WELL BETWEEN THE TWO. THERE'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT. Hachiko is a cute and nice girl, and Takumi is very kind to her.
I'M SURE THINGS WILL GO WELL BETWEEN THE TWO. THERE'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
I'M SURE THINGS WILL GO WELL BETWEEN THE TWO. THERE'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT. I'm sure things will go well between the two.
I'M SURE THINGS WILL GO WELL BETWEEN THE TWO. THERE'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
I'M SURE THINGS WILL GO WELL BETWEEN THE TWO. THERE'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT. There's nothing to worry about.
GOOD NIGHT. HEART There's nothing to worry about.
GOOD NIGHT. HEART
GOOD NIGHT. HEART Good night. Heart.
You're disturbing my sleep!
You'll catch a cold. Why don't you smoke inside?
It's all right. Just one cigarette.
I don't wanna be hated by the Princess in your tummy.
It was really nice taking a bath together.
It resolves the lack of communication we've had.
Let's take a bath together again, okay?
You like doing it in small spaces?
You've gotta tell me these important things.
SHIN
Oh, hello. Hachi?
Mhm.
Sorry for calling this late.
You hafta go to work early tomorrow too, right?
No.
I'm not calling about anything in particular.
It's just that I haven't seen you since the fireworks,
and was wondering how you're doing.
Fireworks were fun, huh?
That was the first time I had ever done fireworks.
We wrote wishes on tanabata, too, this summer.
Everything was so much fun.
Let's light fireworks with everyone again.
You think they still sell them at the convenience store?
I'm sorry, Shin.
What for?
Because I'm a traitor.
I can't look you guys in the eyes anymore.
I'll always be on your side, no matter what, Hachi.
Nana, where's the hair dryer?
I'm sorry, Jun-chan. Good night.
Found it.
What's wrong? Did Jun-chan lecture you about something?
I just got a bit homesick.
SEPTEMBER 1020:32 HACHI
Don't you ever mention that name again.
Even Nobu has a thing or two he would rather not talk about.
So that's what's going on.
Because I'm a traitor.
I can't look you guys in the eyes anymore.
I believe people are bound by trust.
I'm sorry.
Please give me Yasu's cell number.
Reira was in love with Takumi.
Looking back, I know it was just petty jealousy,.,
I couldn't support her when she needed me the most.
But couldn't you support her now, Yasu?
Right now my hands are full taking care of you guys.
Shin!
Ren, you're here!
You...
I hate to say this since I haven't seen you in a while,
but I hafta leave again right away. Sorry.
Can't you at least be a little sorry?
Nana began crying all because of you. It was a mess!
I'm sorry. I got angry, so...
That was childish of me, wasn't it?
No, actually it's Nana who was acting childish.
When I see her at the studio, I'll apologize to her.
Where are you going in the middle of the night with your acoustic guitar?
Are you also a street musician? How cool.
A street musician?
The lonely hero who wanders the streets looking for love.
That is so cool!
Bye! Let's play mahjongg again sometime!
He's so cute, isn't he?
And sexy too. Don't you get horny living with him?
Of course not!
But you've had enough with women, haven't you?
Never! I've gotta whole life ahead of me.
To Nana. Sorry for being so selfish.
You probably will never forgive me,
but I will never forget the six months we lived together.
It will be lonely not being able to see you,
but I don't know what to do.
So I hope that your major debut comes soon and that you'll be on TV a lot.
Let me see you as you continue singing.
No matter who I'm in love with, you will always be my only hero, Nana.
There's nobody as cool as you.
Until now,., and from here on.
Why are you so sad?
This is not a break-up letter, but a passionate love letter.
You will always be my only hero, Nana.
Go and visit Hachiko.
You do wanna see her tears of joy when she sees you, right?
Why should I hafta go see her?! That's irrational!
That's what a hero does.
Good evening. Street Musician here.
Huh?
MR. STREET MUSICIAN?! Huh?
MR. STREET MUSICIAN?!
Are you alone? Can I come in?
Sure.
Um, Shin... Mr. Street Musician. I'm sorry about the other day.
I, Shinichi Okazaki, will now sing.
Hey, Hachi... No matter how much or how often people hurt each other...
Loving someone is never a waste.
Even now, I still cherish that love letter you gave me then.
I can't count how many nights
I wished tomorrow would never come
To live as I am without being fake
What do I need
If I don't believe in myself, what can I believe in
The answer is too close to see
Black tears are falling down
I have nothing, only sadness
I can't put it into words
My whole body starts to ache
I can't stand it anymore on my own
