-OP-
Plastic Plastic
01: Crime Coefficient
My head is full of things
dare ni momi serarenai mono
atama no naka afurete
I can't show to anyone
machigai sae monai sekai he
Into a world without a single impurity
mayoikonderu
I have wandered off
arienai hodo suiko marete
Consuming what you perceive to unbelievable extents
me ni meiru mono dake no sekai genshou (genshou)
With such a visible world phenomenon (phenomenon)
abaki daseru kana
Are you able uncover it?
Plastic Plastic
nee daremo kashiku narenai yo
Hey, nobody is becoming crazy at all
kisama no plastic It's all most
It's almost like you're made of plastic
utsukushi sugiru sekai ni boku wa naze ka
Why am I in a world that's too beautiful to be true?
hikari ga mienakute
Why can't I see the light?
raretsu shiteiku kokoro ga mugen no reflection
My heart continues to enumerate in eternal reflections
secret kills for you secret kills for you
Damn it!
secret image for you
image for you forever!
misekake no iro de
With false colors
mirai wo abakanaide
Do not expose the future
image for you forever!
keep it secret motion
You've done quite well, considering those wounds.
They must have realized at first sight
that long before they had met,
this was to be their destiny.
Despite having never met before,
they understood each other better than anyone else.
Each was focused solely on the other.
You are Shinya Kougami.
You are Shogo Makishima!
This is the Criminal Investigation Department part of the Public Safety Bureau.
Access to this block has currently been restricted to ensure safety.
Nearby residents should evacuate immediately.
I repeat.
This is the Criminal Investigation Department part of the Public Safety Bureau.
Access to this block has currently been restricted to ensure safety.
Nearby residents should evacuate immediately.
I-I'm sorry!
Excuse me! Are you Inspector Ginoza?
That's me.
You sure have it rough taking on a case so soon after arriving here.
I've been assigned to the CID as of today!
I'm Akane Tsunemori. It's a pleasure to mee
Sorry, but the CID is seriously understaffed,
so we can't treat you like a rookie.
Our target is Nobuo Okura.
A street scanner caught him during a Hue Check.
A security drone then ordered him to receive therapy,
but he refused and ran away.
His Psycho-Pass was recorded as forest green.
His aggression and compulsion levels are expected to be high.
Nobuo Okura
Born 4/20/2074 39 years old
To think that he refused treatment and let his Hue get so cloudy...
There's also a possibility that he used incompatible drugs.
A potential criminal doesn't need to wait for Sibyl's Judgement.
The problem is that Okura fled to this block.
Since this is an abolition block, there's no relay device, so drones can't enter.
Also...
It seems Okura abducted a passerby and took her hostage.
A hostage?!
According to a witness, she's a young woman.
We still haven't been able to verify her identity yet.
What about the evacuation of the residents?
According to records, this block is uninhabited.
But because of that, it's become a den for homeless people.
Be prepared.
A patrol car...
Don't expect these guys to act like normal people.
Their Psycho-Pass Criminal Coefficients have exceeded safe levels.
They are people without morals.
Normally, they would be quarantined as potential criminals.
However, they're allowed to roam the outside world
for the sole purpose of taking out criminals just like themselves.
They're hounds, beasts used to hunt other beasts.
They're what we call Enforcers.
They'll be your subordinates.
Is that the cute newcomer I've been hearing rumors about, Gino?
This is Inspector Akane Tsunemori.
As of today, she's your second master.
I-It's a pleasure to meet you!
Everyone has looked through the target's data, right?
We're going to close the bag on this cornered rat.
We'll divide into two groups and take turns.
Kunizuka and Kagari will come with me.
And the other two...
Roger that.
Huh?! I want to go with the cutie!
Geez, he's not even going to come back with anything?
That's because it wasn't funny.
See ya!
Well... Um... What should I do?
You could give us orders to stand by.
We wouldn't have any problems with that.
You've got to earn your living, old man.
Anyway, don't get so nervous, young lady.
You know how to use a Dominator, right?
I-I've received training on it once...
It's a gun that reads the Psycho-Pass of whomever you aim at.
The safety is released only if the target is a potential criminal.
You can trust in the Dominator.
If it says shoot, just shoot.
Just shoot?
If it's set to basic mode, it'll use a paralyzer.
It'll only immobilize the target so we can take him into custody and close the case.
You don't have to take it so seriously, though.
Dominator Portable Psychological Diagnosis and Suppression System activated.
User authenticated, Inspector Akane Tsunemori.
Affiliation, Public Safety Bureau, Criminal Investigation Department.
Command License approval confirmed.
You are a valid user.
Ah, it's directional audio, so only the one who's holding it can hear it.
The current enforcement mode is set to Non-Lethal Paralyzer.
Don't worry about it.
Aim carefully and please subdue the target.
It might get annoying at first, but you'll get used to it soon enough.
What about the briefing?
Aren't we going to discuss the plan?
We'll hunt the prey, and you'll observe.
That's about it.
Um, be a little more specific.
He's saying to leave it to us.
It may not look like it, but we're experts.
We have our own ways of handling things.
But the one who's responsible for our actions is you, Inspector.
So if I do something you don't like, just use that and shoot me.
Wha
We're potential criminals, just like the target.
The Dominator works on us as well.
Oh, we forgot to introduce ourselves.
That stubborn fellow is Shinya Kougami.
And I'm Tomomi Masaoka.
I look forward to working with you, young lady.
L-Likewise...
So then, shall we get going?
Up until now, I've lived a more earnest life than anyone else.
Living in fear, I've tried my best not to offend or disturb anyone all my life.
And yet, all it took was a scanner detecting me to have them treating me like a criminal.
It's all over for me now.
It's finally come to this.
Employment, marriage, and all my desires have been crushed.
Well then, it's fine now.
I've been holding myself back all this time.
So now I'll do whatever I like. I'll take any sentence!
I'll kill anyone I don't like!
S-Stop it...
I've always wanted...
A real woman, made of flesh, instead of a virtual one.
I wonder where Kougami went off to?
Crime Coefficient under 60.
Target not subject to enforcement action.
The trigger will be locked.
Crime Coefficient over 120.
An Enforcer registered at the Criminal Investigation Department.
An enforce at will target.
The safety has been released.
So he really is a potential criminal...
I've heard rumors about you.
I heard you were the top of your class at your training school.
Well, not really...
Let me give you a word of advice.
Forget about everything you were taught there.
None of that stuff will help when you're on an actual case.
Do you think that's irrational?
But you know, our line of work is full of things that don't make sense.
What a person thinks or what he hopes for...
We're in a time where everything in the human mind can be read by machines.
And yet there are still people who would hate, fool, and try to harm others.
If that's not irrational, then what is?
Everything you've been taught has been based on logic and theory.
You'll soon find out how useless those things are.
Well, at least prepare yourself.
This is Hound 4.
I've spotted the target on the 4th floor of the KT Building. What are your orders?
Okay, stand by and keep an eye on him.
Hound 2 and I will surround him.
Okay.
But considering the current situation, the hostage may be reaching her limit.
Should I go in alone and capture him?
All right, don't screw it up.
Roger that.
Crime Coefficient over 190. Target subject to enforcement action.
The safety has been released.
My, my, what a bad boy.
Kagari! What are you doing?!
The Paralyzer isn't working!
This bastard's on stimulants or something!
The target's threat judgement has been updated.
Enforcement mode set to Lethal Eliminator.
Shit.
Oh my...
Wh-What is this?
It's an oracle of the Sibyl System.
It says that Nobuo Okura is no longer human and isn't needed in this world.
It can't be. He was only just detected by a street scanner.
He probably drove himself into a corner.
It's too late for therapy now.
The judgement on him says that there is no room for rehabilitation.
It's quite an unpleasant first case for you, young lady.
Why has my Psycho-Pass become this cloudy?
It's already so muddied.
Hey, your Psycho-Pass looks exactly like mine now.
If they catch us, it'll be all over for the both of us.
You'll continue to be tortured by them as a potential criminal until the day you die!
We have to hurry up and settle this, or the girl being held hostage will be infected.
A Psycho-Hazard?
Yeah, a Crime Coefficient can be contagious.
Today's generation isn't tolerant against stress,
so they're susceptible to violent impulses and obsessive compulsions.
I wrote my thesis on that topic.
Let me tell you that this could happen to any of us, young lady.
The reason we were made Enforcers in the first place was...
Stop right there!
Don't come any closer!
Throw away your guns!
Get back!
Die!
Wh-Wh-What the hell is this?!
My deepest sympathies.
This is Hound 3. Enforcement complete.
Using an old man and a newcomer as decoys...
You sure have some nerve, don't you, Ko?
I was just trying to earn my living, old man.
We're with the Public Safety Bureau.
Everything will be all right. Please rest assured.
Calm down! We came to help you!
No... No... Stop... Stop it...
Masaoka...
Young lady...
Try checking her on your gun.
Crime Coefficient over 160. Target subject to enforcement action.
Well, I suppose it can't be helped.
Stop it!
No! Nooo!
What are you doing?!
She's the one who needs protection!
That's what the Paralyzer is for!
We have to tranquilize her right now and secure her.
She's just confused!
You don't have to be violent like this!
Listen here! The Dominators are Sibyl's eyes.
The city's system itself has determined that she's a threat!
Think about what that means!
So what?!
You'd shoot a victim who hasn't been convicted of a crime yet?!
I can't accept that!
Stay away...
Don't come any closer...
Stop it already...
I-I said stay away!
Kougami...
Please stop.
I'm asking you...
She's the victim here.
Target's Threat Judgement updated.
Enforcement mode set to Lethal Eliminator.
Aim carefully and please eliminate the target.
No way...
Stop!
Stop it already!
Throw away that lighter.
Or... this gun will kill you.
Please! I want to help you!
So throw away that lighter.
Target's Threat Judgement updated.
Enforcement mode set to Non-Lethal Paralyzer.
Aim calmly and please subdue the target.
Inspector Tsunemori,
I expect an explanation of your handling of this situation in your report.
fairy tale wa
fairy tale wa
The fairy tale
The fairy tale
Damn...
This rookie we got sure is a piece of work.
saki shinda mitai
saki shinda mitai
Seems to have ended prematurely
Seems to have ended prematurely
renga no byoutou de
renga no byoutou de
In this brick hospital ward
In this brick hospital ward
umaku utaenakute
umaku utaenakute
I can't sing that well
I can't sing that well
kiri ni kemuru yoru
kiri ni kemuru yoru
Shrouded in the mist of night
Shrouded in the mist of night
ukabu akai tsuki
ukabu akai tsuki
The red moon floats in the sky
The red moon floats in the sky
hora mite watashi wo
hora mite watashi wo
Come on, look at me properly
Come on, look at me properly
me wo sorasanaide
me wo sorasanaide
Don't even try to look away
Don't even try to look away
kuroi tetsugoushi no naka de
kuroi tetsugoushi no naka de
Behind those black iron bars
Behind those black iron bars
watashi wa umarete kitanda
watashi wa umarete kitanda
Is where I came into existence
Is where I came into existence
akui no daishou wo negau nozomu ga mama ni omae ni
akui no daishou wo negau nozomu ga mama ni omae ni
I wish you the price of malice, as long as I can pray for it
I wish you the price of malice, as long as I can pray for it
saa ataeyou seigi wo
saa ataeyou seigi wo
So let's bring you to justice,
So let's bring you to justice,
kowashite kowasareru mae ni
kowashite kowasareru mae ni
And destroy you before I get destroyed
And destroy you before I get destroyed
inga no daishou harae, mukui you na mon ga kitai desu
inga no daishou harae, mukui you na mon ga kitai desu
Pay up karma's price, and youll be rewarded hope
Pay up karma's price, and youll be rewarded hope
kuroi ame furase kono sora
kuroi ame furase kono sora
This black rain in the sky
This black rain in the sky
watashi wa nozomarenai mono
watashi wa nozomarenai mono
Is not what I wished for
Is not what I wished for
hibiwareta noirooze eyes douzai no boukansha tamai ni
hibiwareta noirooze eyes douzai no boukansha tamai ni
By the eyes of bystanders, they're as equally guilty as you
By the eyes of bystanders, they're as equally guilty as you
saa ima furue seigi wo kesenai kizu wo dakishimete
saa ima furue seigi wo kesenai kizu wo dakishimete
Now, give up on justice and embrace the unhealable wounds
Now, give up on justice and embrace the unhealable wounds
kono karada wo ukeire
kono karada wo ukeire
Please accept this body
Please accept this body
tomo ni ikou namae no nai kaibutsu
tomo ni ikou namae no nai kaibutsu
And let's go together, Monster with no name
And let's go together, Monster with no name
