TS
Where did those monsters come from?
They didn't make it to the fight with the Secrets?
I heard that they held them back for this day.
This day?
Are you telling me they'll be deployed to crush a little security company?
A blackout? Something happened to the power station?
I even disabled the protector just to record it from TV...
What are you talking about?
They added digital content to the broadcast that didn't make it to the official release!
Huh?
You don't have to understand.
Just go and ask what's going on.
Ask your Papa.
Not over it yet?
I thought we were friends.
I've decided to always speak out my mind.
This is an announcement by the security department regarding the earlier blackout.
Nothing went faulty?!
Our power provider terminated our contract
and cut off the power supply.
They terminated the contract?
What about our own generators?
The provider was supposed to be only a backup!
The generators have been stopped since yesterday for an emergency examination.
Orders from above.
Above?
You mean the actual parent company?
The Big Blue World?
Cristophe, what's going on?!
Explain to me what's going on with the people above us!
Sorry, I'm still jetlagged...
Just give me a few more minutes...
Hey, Blanc! Hey!
Let me confirm the conditions once again.
Very well.
The precondition is that in the case of my death,
my daughter, Fleur Blanc, will inherit this contract.
Did something happen to the president?
It seems things aren't going too smoothly with the big ones.
Big ones?
When Cristophe learned that there's a way to stop Scub Bursts,
he set up an international rescue team right away.
But he needed an enormous amount of funding, so he used an American PR company's help.
Hey, Fleur! I heard you successfully activated your Third Engine.
That's amazing!
Is it our fault?
Is it because Elena and I brought Ao back
the Americans and the Big Blue World are making a fuss?
Fleur, to be honest, that's definitely part of the reason.
So it's my fault then!
Then you should just punish us.
You don't need to be so protective just because I'm your daughter.
Yeah, I've been protective of you this entire time.
When you kept saying you wanted to pilot an IFO,
I didn't allow it until we had enough data to ensure your safety.
But I never stopped you from becoming a pilot.
I wanted you to be proud of your life.
Oh, right!
The company hereby stops eliminating Secrets.
What?
Starting from today, Generation Bleu will focus on suppressing the growth of the Scub Coral.
Based on the earlier UN decision,
the Big Blue World apologizes for Generation Bleu's actions of international hostility.
We have advised President Cristophe Blanc to restructure the company.
Based on our stake in the company, this is an official announcement of the cessation of business.
But your company has controlled Generation Bleu up until now.
Of course.
I have personally been dispatched to oversee them and we paid great heed to compliance.
But President Blanc wantonly took control of the Quartz and used it as a weapon.
And the buddies quarreled.
Now our country has
What's wrong?! You're gonna pretend to be asleep?
Could you at least ask for an appointment before showing up?
What are you going to do?
We should get rid of this terrorist already!
I see you're in a bad mood again.
Nothing happens.
The Plant Corals are reactivated all around the world.
But the Secrets won't show up.
Stuff like that happens.
It's that cannon!
Nirvash's cannon drives the world to chaos and destruction!
But Secrets should be
Quiet.
Listen, Truth.
I'm talking to you.
Is that you, Secret?
Let me answer your question.
We're holding back our attacks for now.
Why?
Generation Bleu is becoming the enemy of the world!
That cannon causes chaos, so now would be
Remember, Truth.
What was our goal again?
Order, not chaos.
Our?
You're a Secret as well, aren't you?
Or have you forgotten?
What's wrong, Truth?
What are you saying?!
That's ridiculous!
You can't defeat a Secret.
Naru...
Naru...
The Allied Forces don't know what to do about us.
They want to protect the Scub Coral too.
I didn't ask you about that!
Truth, you're a Secret.
I've seen you in the Scub Coral.
Ten years ago on Okinawa, during the greatest Scub Burst that happened in history.
The Secret that emerged there was powerful.
But when the Quartz was taken away, the Secret lost its purpose.
To be accepted into this world, he then took on a human form.
That's me? And Johansson found me?
But you gave me wings.
You told me what I should do.
You told me to change the world.
By becoming one with the Scub Coral,
humans will be free and have limitless powers
Truth, you aren't just a Secret.
You're the same as me.
Arata Naru... I guided you, thinking that I could destroy the world using Secrets and the Scub Coral.
But...
You're the one who's actually guiding the way?
Ao couldn't have gotten that power without you.
The Firecracker...
Another one of my forms.
I can dictate the flow of electrons.
Is that a Secret power too?
Even if we can't take all of the personnel on board,
at least the IFO teams could stay here.
This has always been a safety arc in case something happens on the ground,
so there shouldn't be a problem.
Ao and the others are moving here?
It might come down to that.
But what next? The president says we won't fight the Secrets anymore.
We must avoid unnecessary conflicts
Mama, we're on a collision course with a satellite.
Calculate an evasion course right away.
It's impossible.
Multiple satellites have crashed into each other and created a cloud of debris.
We're entering a debris storm.
A large number of satellites belonging to both the Allied Forces and the Americans have been destroyed.
They're most likely attacked by Generation Bleu satellites.
As soldiers of the Allied Forces, we are going to siege their headquarters!
Maggie Kwan, how are you feeling?
I'm feeling fine, sir.
Sir, the Generation Bleu IFO pilots are those kids, am I correct?
Yeah.
Are we fighting them?
Using the reason that only children can pilot IFOs,
Generation Bleu may have mistreated those children.
Generation Bleu may have mistreated those children.
We want to bring them under the Allied Force's protection.
I agree with that plan, sir.
The president won't take any actions, so I
What are you doing?
I'm uninstalling the battle assist program.
You're uninstalling Georg?
What will happen if he's gone?
Both the Triton and the IFOs require great movement precision and weapon controls.
In other words, they're useless without Georg.
Don't worry, I'm reverting to an earlier version.
It's just a temporary downgrade.
Why would you do that?
To get rid of the virus you brought in.
You mean the Secret?
Yeah.
In Japan, you connected the Secret to Georg.
At that moment, every instance of Georg was activated.
This Georg is a different program because it contains the Secret's consciousness.
So there's no turning back if something goes wrong during a battle, huh?
Is that your decision?
Or did someone from above tell you do that?
It's the same either way!
If they find out we've been infiltrated by a Secret,
we would never be able to negotiate with the Allied Forces!
The Big Blue World abandoned us!
What else do you want to do?!
You can't say that for sure.
I want to show the company that Generation Bleu is useful.
That's why I must eliminate all dangers.
Dangers?
Is it dangerous to talk with a Secret?
We're founded to fight against Secrets.
That was the only thing that kept this organization going!
Then what about Ivica?
Can you tell him to keep fighting?
That has nothing to do with this.
Yes, it does!
This isn't about the company! I'm asking about you!
Here they come.
The Poseidon was shot down.
They'll pay for that.
Is what I'm hearing about the Poseidon true?
I don't know.
But they'll pay.
Compliant to the UN decision, the Allied Forces shall seize all the Quartz that Generation Bleu holds,
as well as the weapon of mass destruction that's suspected to use them.
We're going to forbid their usage of IFOs and other FPs.
Generation Bleu has ceased operating as a company.
All unrequired personnel are ordered to leave the headquarters.
Ao, where's the cannon?
It's locked away underground.
There always seem to be stuff hidden under bases.
Stuff like this.
You don't want to fire it?
You wouldn't understand even if I explained.
Nope, I understand.
Elena?
If you fire that cannon, both Secrets and the Scub Coral will disappear.
The world will change.
That's my world.
Elena?
I'll be frank.
I'm not a human from this world.
You and your manga references.
It's the opposite, Fleur.
I'm not really that into manga.
It's just that what I've lived through seems like a manga.
I can only believe what's impossible.
What do you mean?
I'm from another world.
I want to return there.
Ao, you're going to take me with you, right?
Why me?
Because Eureka brought me here.
Hey, you kids
Sorry.
The IFOs won't be launching.
The Poseidon is all right then?
No, Georg has been erased from the IFOs.
We're reinstalling an old version now,
but it'll take about an hour to set up all the user data.
But... what if they launch an attack on us?
Sorry for barging in on you.
It's nothing.
But hey, you're okay with Ao being there?
I'm not!
Papa?
Papa, what are you doing here?
Keep this a secret from everyone.
Fleur, get ready to escape with me.
Generation Bleu is done for, but the two of us can still run away.
Wait for me.
How should I say this... there's no doubt he's your dad.
He plans to abandon the company just to protect you.
It's amazing.
Launching all IFOs!
Activate defenses.
Where's Cristophe?!
Fleur, let's get inside the Triton.
It'll be safer inside even if it can't fly.
Ao, come with me!
There's still power here.
Fleur?
Where's Papa? I mean, the President?
He said he's going to move the Quartz Gun. He's inside.
Move the cannon?
President!
Fleur...
Too bad.
My Papa is stupid, but he knows me more than anyone else does.
He knows very well that I'd rather die
than leave Ao, Elena, and Alleluia to run away with him.
Truth!
Fukai Ao, what are you doing here?
Truth...
You can't have the cannon!
That's the only connection I have between Mom and I!
It's not a weapon! I won't let you make it a weapon!
Shut up!
With this pile of Quartz, I'll change the
Are you two all right?
Papa?
Ao, take care of Fleur!
President?
Generation Bleu will be no more today.
But you still have something you must do.
You must correct our mistake.
Mistake? What mistake?
The Secrets may not be our enemy.
The Scub Coral may actually be the invader of this world.
There are people infected by the Scub Coral all around the world...
Like Naru...
It's not so easy for adults to correct their mistakes.
We called the Secrets evil, so we can't go back on that.
But you...
You can find out what's right!
So...
Papa?
Papa!
Nirvash should be able to fly without Georg.
Fly, Ao, Fleur!
The sky is wide open!
What are you thinking?
Do you want to fight me alone?
Truth, I've read Johansson's book too.
I have a theory.
Aren't you a Secret who lost his memories?
You're going on about that as well?!
Secrets cause a huge explosion when they come into contact with Quartz.
You're no exception either.
What?
Most of the Quartz have been absorbed into the Quartz Gun.
But those we collected in the past few days are kept here.
No way...
Wait!
Confluence explosion.
Papa!
Maybe Tomorrow
Preview
Better Days Ahead
hikaru suiheisen
Just over the bright horizon,
hajimari to owari no
where the beginning and the end
tokeau soko wa
melt into one,
namida no furusato na no
lies the homeland of tears
furueteru te de
I've already pocketed
shinjirareru mono
my trembling hand
poketto ni tsumekonda
which holds my beliefs
kanata de yurameiteru shinkirou
A mirage shimmers in the distance
sora miagereba
I look to the sky
michibiitekureru you na
hoping it will show me the way
natsukashikute atsui hikari wo kureru
And it gives off a familiar, warm light
anata wa chiisaku te wo furu yo
You wave at me faintly
ikanakucha
I must go
mou nakanai yo shangurira
Don't cry anymore because Shangri-La,
aratana sekai he to daibu shiyou
a new world, is waiting for us
aoiro ni dakareta boku wa
As I'm embraced by its blue...
kono mune no takanari to tomo ni
My heart beats loudly
futashikana*
*T/L Note: I'm so uncertain
*T/L Note: I'm so uncertain
boku no sekai ga ima*
*T/L Note: In the blink of an eye,
*T/L Note: In the blink of an eye,
mabataku ma ni kawari- hajimete hirogaru*
*T/L Note: my whole world started changing and opening up.
*T/L Note: my whole world started changing and opening up.
ano hi mitsuketa yume no tsuzuki wa doko*
*T/L Note: That day, I found out where my dream continues
*T/L Note: That day, I found out where my dream continues
sugu ni sagashite miseru yo*
*T/L Note: I'll show you its sequel now
*T/L Note: I'll show you its sequel now
ima mo boku dake wa oboeteirun da*
*T/L Note: Right now, I'm the only one who still remembers
*T/L Note: Right now, I'm the only one who still remembers
natsukashii nukumori*
*T/L Note: that familiar warmth
*T/L Note: that familiar warmth
saa mou ikou ka*
*T/L Note: Now let's get going
*T/L Note: Now let's get going
machiu- keteru unmei ni*
*T/L Note: I was frozen with fear
*T/L Note: I was frozen with fear
tachisukumi obieteta*
*T/L Note: thinking of the fate that awaited me
*T/L Note: thinking of the fate that awaited me
mou kess- hite mayo- wanai you ni*
*T/L Note: I'll become so strong that I won't
*T/L Note: I'll become so strong that I won't
tsuyoku natte yuku yo*
*T/L Note: be uncertain ever again
*T/L Note: be uncertain ever again
nido to modorenai kako mo ashita kara kate ni shite*
*T/L Note: The past that can't be written will support me from tomorrow on
*T/L Note: The past that can't be written will support me from tomorrow on
sou yatte noriko- ete yuku no sa*
*T/L Note: I'll overcome it all
*T/L Note: I'll overcome it all
sou shite boku wa boku ni naru*
*T/L Note: and I'll become myself
*T/L Note: and I'll become myself
sou shite boku wa boku ni naru*
Don't repost to any manga readers! You have to sign up for our forum to download!
