TS
Even if it's really an aftereffect of Nirvash's weapon,
it's weird that it's still there after a week.
Quartz Gun. That's what we call it.
You heard the man.
But don't you think it's weird?
Since ancient times, this light has been sighted near the Norwegian Vester islands.
It's known as the North Pole Light.
Legends say that it was first seen in the age of the Vikings.
What is the problem then?
Don't you think it's conceivable that the Quartz Gun damaged not only the present, but the past as well?
What are you saying?
If the past was affected, we would've experienced changes too.
We might have experienced them already.
Then this world, inclusive of our memories, is a continuation of the changed past.
There's no way for us to confirm the changes, though.
Ao, what are you doing?
I was wondering, if what you just said
Children don't need to worry about it.
Ao, leave it to us.
The consequences were unexpected,
but you made the right choice when you decided to fire the weapon.
Weapon...
Also...
Have you gotten the list of staff who showed abnormalities in the health checkup yesterday?
According to Hannah Mama: despite the rise in white blood cell count,
their composition is different.
Also, by looking at the x-ray results,
you can see a material identical to that of the Scub Coral.
The allergic reaction to trapar is a condition that has been known for decades.
This is an entirely different matter.
Not to mention similar cases have been reported around the globe since yesterday's Secret emergence.
I get it. I'll ask the American government and the WHO for their opinions first.
Is that good enough for you?
I think the first case of this condition was diagnosed in a girl from Iwato island, Okinawa.
Her, huh?
The Scub Coral is the enemy of mankind and the Earth!
Trapar's harmful to our body and it will cause the downfall of mankind!
There's been a lot more of these protests lately.
They aren't Okinawans.
Huh? Aren't they protesting for the control of the trapar?
They claim that the G-Monsters are Gods who will save the world.
And that the Scub Coral is the root of all evil.
G-Monsters as Gods?
Trapar and plant corals don't belong in this world!
Johansson said so as well!
Calm down! It's just smoke!
They're just trying to scare us!
Those bastards! They killed him!
Johansson my ass!
Find out where those environmentalists are from!
What the
You're...
He's alive!
We've met before...
You're Ao's girlfriend, right?
Where's the injured person?
Why is a child here?
She's that terrorist!
What?
Stop!
Step away.
It's dangerous.
Hey...
What are you doing?
Can't you hear the Scub Coral's voice?
The trapar doesn't belong to anyone.
It's the Scub Coral's.
Look this way! I'm testing the camera!
Nice! Fleur, smile!
You girls really are the best! So cute!
You girls are clearly better than your anime counterparts!
Please stop!
Guys don't care about 3DPD like us.
They prefer what Kanzaki draws over us.
You two are special!
Yeah! You're not merely models for PiedPi, you knocked it to the top of popularity charts!
You two are the real knockers!
Please stop with the boob jokes.
People say we might get cancelled, but until autumn we should work
Cancelled? You mean our show is getting cut?
We're still getting the highest amount of downloads, though.
You check that stuff?!
It's just a rumor! They say our sponsors are getting pressured...
Getting pressured?
You know, because GenBlu kept the Quartz a secret,
people are saying PiedPi is just propaganda for a terrorist organization.
So you think what the Secret said is right?
Look at yourself.
You seem down for someone who just saved the world, kiddo.
I'm not a kid.
Oh yes you are.
No matter how many times you ask,
the only IFO teams are the Pied Piper and the Harlequin.
I've never heard about Goldi-whatever.
I erased them.
Huh?
That weapon erased the Coral in Norway as if it's never existed.
For the same reason, those girls have never been born...
Cut the crap out! You've been weird lately!
That sounds like what this book says.
The one you got from Japan...
A world without Scub Coral and Secrets.
Our country believes that it might be more than just a dream.
Isn't this Johansson dude some shady prophet?
He says that the Scub Coral and the Secrets are twisting our world...
or I should say, our history.
The conspiracy theory is that governments know about it too.
He's been talking about another world for years.
And then ten years ago in Okinawa...
Okinawa?
He met a young boy near the Scub Coral after it had calmed down.
That young boy knew of another history as well.
Johansson adopted him and wrote down his story.
I hope you aren't going to tell me that Germany and Japan won WWII!
It's not that drastic.
But without Scub Bursts, the world would be a more peaceful and flourishing place.
For example, in the history he saw, the Earth's population is over 7 billion.
What's the population now?
A bit over 3.5 billion.
The continuous Scub Bursts inside and outside of Siberia in 1908 dealt a huge blow to the Soviet Union and China.
Japan's reconstruction after the war was slowed by a Scub Burst in the capital.
These events never happened in his version of history.
How convenient.
Religion's different too... Oh, and of course, trapar doesn't exist.
But they're using energy from nuclear fission instead.
Nuclear fission?
A Scub Burst near a nuclear reactor would cause unbelievable amounts of damage,
so nuclear energy development was cut off.
He's delusional.
Johansson claims that's the correct reality.
So does that Japanese official named Nakamura.
Then the third team that Ao's talking about is also from that world?
Georg, could you look something up for me?
Look for Chloe McCaffrey and Maeve McCaffrey in Ireland!
Can we do the three-man shot next?
Ao? He became a fictional character, too?
Of. Course.
The new male pilot stirs everything up as you try to control your shaking hearts!
Our hearts aren't shaking.
But Ao has a childhood friend who became the enemy pilot!
How is that in the story too?
I oversee the script.
You do that too?!
So, where's Ao?
Say, Elena, you and Ao have been...
Yeah! Chloe said that they moved there to work at the plant!
Chloe?
The sisters exist in Irish census records.
Girls with the name of Maggie Kwan have been found in Hong Kong and Singapore...
Nirvash changed history in the sense that...
they never became IFO pilots in the first place!
That's Johansson's theory of another version of history, correct?
Interesting.
Georg, did you just switch personalities?
Another history? A choice of worlds?
Why did you want to take a day off so suddenly?
Just half a day will do! Please!
Then we'll tag along as bodyguards.
Hurray, vacation.
Hang on a second.
I didn't know Ao had a penpal in Ireland.
Arrived at destination.
The McCaffrey bakery.
If Chloe and Maeve chose a life where they don't pilot IFOs,
they'd be living happily without knowing about me...
That's an irrational conclusion.
You cannot be certain that they're living happily because they aren't piloting IFOs.
Girls, if you're done with your homework, then help me out.
Come here!
Yes!
Ao, what's wrong?
Didn't you want to find out the consequences of your actions?
Whether or not you've brought fortune upon them?
Ao.
I'm the only one who understands you.
Our country has not requested action from Generation Bleu.
We do not permit your presence on our waters.
This Scub Coral was on the seabed and no country claimed ownership of it!
Due to its reactivation, trapar extraction has become possible,
so we are claiming the ownership of it.
You'd have to negotiate with your neighboring countries before you can say that.
Besides, we won't know when a burst will happen since it's reactivated.
Are you planning to take that Quartz material again? Or should I say steal?
Generation Bleu has been misleading the world!
What are you going to do if a Secret appears?
There are scientists who claim that Secrets are gone for good.
Scientists, huh?
Whoa.
Withdraw for now.
The UN warned us about the Quartz.
Our courses of action are limited.
But reactivated Scub are all over the world!
Are we being attacked?!
The Quartz Gun has gone berserk.
What?!
If you don't release it, the ship's frame won't hold.
But why? Now it looks like we're the bad guys!
Fleur!
Ao, use of the Quartz Gun isn't permitted!
You saw it, didn't you?! It moved on its own!
What the hell's going on?!
Are you ignoring our warning?!
It swallowed the Quartz!
This is a clear act of provocation!
Stop freaking following me!
Ao!
What the hell is with this thing?
We aren't supposed to be using this.
This is it! I've been looking for this!
Truth, stop!
Give it back!
Didn't you throw it away, Fukai Ao?
That thing's dangerous! It's not just a weapon!
It can change the world!
That's what I want!
Damn...
Ao...
Mom?
We meet again.
You've grown so much!
You're really my mom, right...
Ao...
Do you understand now... About what happened to me?
Ten years ago, you took a giant Quartz...
And I jumped to another time-plane with it.
Another time-plane?
For the Quartz, time and space are the same.
But I couldn't control it.
I got caught up in an unstable time-plane, and I couldn't arrive at the destination.
For me, only a few days have passed since I took the Quartz.
But the Quartz came back! Then you could come with me and
I can't.
I'm just briefly overlapping with this time-plane.
No! I don't want that!
I'll bring you back!
I can go to where you are, using that gun, right?!
I don't know.
I think that's what Renton... what your dad has been looking for.
But it's imperfect.
I'll give it a try.
I'll perfect that gun...
Then I'll come find you!
I won't let anyone take it!
Mom, tell me! Where are you?!
You're going to shoot?
Perfect! Shoot me!
Shoot me and change the world!
You're the child of the Scub Coral.
I'm Johansson's son.
Therefore, we have no choice but to fight!
It's fate!
I don't care about fate.
That's not the reason why I fight!
The Allied Forces, huh?
I can't press the trigger.
If I did, something would change again!
I don't want that!
I'm Niki Tanaka of the Allied Forces base on Okinawa.
Fukai Ao, we are to take you into protective custody.
Protective custody?
You are more than what Generation Bleu can handle.
Don't you agree?
Ao, get away! We're shooting!
Stop! Fleur, Elena!
Ao...
The Allied Forces... America fought on our side against the Secrets!
You can't shoot them.
To be continued.
La Vie en Rose
Preview
Don't Look Down
Sign: Nuclear energy is the clean energy of your dreams
Book: The revised complete translation of the Johansson Scriptures
hikaru suiheisen
Just over the bright horizon,
hajimari to owari no
where the beginning and the end
tokeau soko wa
melt into one,
namida no furusato na no
lies the homeland of tears
furueteru te de
I've already pocketed
shinjirareru mono
my trembling hand
poketto ni tsumekonda
which holds my beliefs
kanata de yurameiteru shinkirou
A mirage shimmers in the distance
sora miagereba
I look to the sky
michibiitekureru you na
hoping it will show me the way
natsukashikute atsui hikari wo kureru
And it gives off a familiar, warm light
anata wa chiisaku te wo furu yo
You wave at me faintly
ikanakucha
I must go
mou nakanai yo shangurira
Don't cry anymore because Shangri-La,
aratana sekai he to daibu shiyou
a new world, is waiting for us
aoiro ni dakareta boku wa
As I'm embraced by its blue...
kono mune no takanari to tomo ni
My heart beats loudly
futashikana*
*T/L Note: I'm so uncertain
*T/L Note: I'm so uncertain
boku no sekai ga ima*
*T/L Note: In the blink of an eye,
*T/L Note: In the blink of an eye,
mabataku ma ni kawari- hajimete hirogaru*
*T/L Note: my whole world started changing and opening up.
*T/L Note: my whole world started changing and opening up.
ano hi mitsuketa yume no tsuzuki wa doko*
*T/L Note: That day, I found out where my dream continues
*T/L Note: That day, I found out where my dream continues
sugu ni sagashite miseru yo*
*T/L Note: I'll show you its sequel now
*T/L Note: I'll show you its sequel now
ima mo boku dake wa oboeteirun da*
*T/L Note: Right now, I'm the only one who still remembers
*T/L Note: Right now, I'm the only one who still remembers
natsukashii nukumori*
*T/L Note: that familiar warmth
*T/L Note: that familiar warmth
saa mou ikou ka*
*T/L Note: Now let's get going
*T/L Note: Now let's get going
machiu- keteru unmei ni*
*T/L Note: I was frozen with fear
*T/L Note: I was frozen with fear
tachisukumi obieteta*
*T/L Note: thinking of the fate that awaited me
*T/L Note: thinking of the fate that awaited me
mou kess- hite mayo- wanai you ni*
*T/L Note: I'll become so strong that I won't
*T/L Note: I'll become so strong that I won't
tsuyoku natte yuku yo*
*T/L Note: be uncertain ever again
*T/L Note: be uncertain ever again
nido to modorenai kako mo ashita kara kate ni shite*
*T/L Note: The past that can't be written will support me from tomorrow on
*T/L Note: The past that can't be written will support me from tomorrow on
sou yatte noriko- ete yuku no sa*
*T/L Note: I'll overcome it all
*T/L Note: I'll overcome it all
sou shite boku wa boku ni naru*
*T/L Note: and I'll become myself
*T/L Note: and I'll become myself
sou shite boku wa boku ni naru*
Don't repost to any manga readers! You have to sign up for our forum to download!
