HALF
TS
As of this moment, 18 plants, or 95 of the terrestrial plant corals have been reactivated
and are under attack by Secrets.
At this rate, even if we deploy our full strength,
we won't be able to prevent Scub Bursts at most of the Plants.
Therefore, we are commencing Operation Polaris.
Papa...
We are going to utilize the powerful radiation released by the Quartz we have secured so far
to gather the Secrets spread throughout the world in one place.
By putting all the Quartz on a descending orbit,
we are going to lure away the Secrets over a period of 36 hours,
and eventually crash the capsule at the North Pole.
As the North Pole is uninhabited, we will allow the confluence explosion to occur, thus...
The Secrets will be destroyed.
Can't you at least split them up into multiple groups?
It won't be as effective if we lower the explosion's yield.
We just can't lower our firepower.
Anyway, could I ask you to do me a favor?
What is it?
Seeing that you're stranded in South America anyway,
could you buy me some coffee beans?
I can't drink this crap. It tastes like Starbucks.
Sorry for calling before you leave.
Ao, do you have the pills with you?
You should sleep some, or you won't last long.
Yeah.
You still can't get it off your mind?
I've been fighting Secrets for all this time.
But, somehow, it feels different this time.
Do you want to go back to Iwato Island then?
Amongst the sudden crisis of impending Scub Bursts from all around the world,
Christophe Blanc, the CEO of the Swiss company, Generation Blue,
has suggested the launch of Operation Polaris.
Numerous countries, including the US, have expressed their full support for the operation.
Generation Bleu hid the existence of this Quartz material from the rest of the world!
Who's going to take the responsibility for that?
The Japanese government reinforced its position that Secrets are the saviors of mankind,
and asked its citizens to not be misled by irresponsible announcements and stay cal
Quite a few countries are taking part in the operation, right?
Are we going to panic and rally under their flags?
Are you telling me to back the winning horse?
If this operation succeeds, we will finally be freed from the threat of Scub Bursts,
which has loomed over us since the dawn of history.
I am Maruyama from the VOM.
What are the chances of success for Generation Bleu's operation?
According to our estimations, if the Scub Bursts were to occur around the world,
the immediate effects would claim at least 60 million lives,
and the environmental aftereffects would endanger another 300 million.
We have no choice but to put our trust in them.
I didn't expect Blanc to make such a move.
You could've at least notified the Big Blue World.
Does Blanc think the Quartz are his private property?
I am very sorry.
He doesn't seem to comprehend that Generation Blue is an organization created for the Quartz.
What does that mean?
Is that Ao?
Don't be afraid! I'll do something about it!
Naru?!
Naru... Why?
Prepare the Small Arc for launch.
Where's Ao and the other kids?
They are on standby at the starting point.
So much Quartz...
You must have suppressed their radiation so that we couldn't sense them.
Georg?
Please ignore that.
Shall we do this, then?
Five seconds left.
Four. Three. Two. One.
Hey, that was way too quick!
Let Operation Polaris begin.
What's that?
What's that light?
It's the capsule that was launched from the Poseidon.
The Quartz are stacked up in that.
Got him!
It ran away?
Why did the Secret do that?
Damn you, Generation Bleu!
They're here!
They're enamored...
The is one hell of a Quartz pheromone!
Keep herding the Secrets.
However, stay alert and don't let them get close to the capsule.
Don't try to destroy them.
Roger!
Hey, mister, this way!
Ao, we're going!
Huh? Okay!
Secrets... So you're not our enemies?
But we've been fighting you all this time.
Where...
You smell nice.
I shouldn't have asked you!
I'd kill for a shower...
Good morning. You've slept soundly.
I slept?
Oh, I see...
Fleur even drew on your willy, but you wouldn't wake up.
I didn't!
You're good to go.
See you guys at the next supply point.
Thanks.
What's the American casualty count?
Seven units were hit and destroyed,
but no one has died so far.
All right! The heroes are back!
Wow... Alex and his engineering team brought all that from the HQ.
And...
The Allied Forces are fighting alongside us.
It feels like we're nearing the last episode!
I've got a bad feeling about that.
There's a Secret at the VesterAlen Plant?
Isn't that Maeve and Chloe's place?
What?
It's their hometown.
Their parents work at the Plant, so they moved there.
That's why Chloe's gotten used to trapar since she was little.
The Secret from Norway is headed for the Quartz too.
Cut the pointless chatter.
Sure...
If their hometown is like that, then Iwato Island is...
Must suck for you to be stuck here.
But will this operation whatever really work out?
Of course. Our army is fully cooperating as well.
Unfortunately, you're all going down.
Our only purpose is to erase alien materials from this space.
By doing this, we can eliminate large amounts of such materials.
I don't give a single damn about that.
I'm afraid they're quite serious about that.
I was born from the Scub Coral.
So were you.
You are a child of the Scub, Ao.
I've become one with it, too.
Protect the Scub, Ao...
But Mom...
She said that the Scub is the enemy.
Decide for yourself.
Ao...
Ao!
I'm sorry!
What are you talking about?!
Team Goldilocks are in trouble!
Twelve minutes ago, Soviet ballistic missiles were launched.
But aren't they a part of Polaris?
But the missiles are on a course of collision with the capsule.
They claim their missile control system is under cyberattack.
Goldilocks and Harlequin have been on standby in case something like this happened.
I'm out of ammo.
I won't let you!
The Quartz are very important to us! We're gonna protect it!
The missiles' shockwaves have pushed the capsule off its trajectory.
At this rate, it'll crash south from the North Polein North Europe.
The IFOs must carry it to the North Pole.
That's crazy!
We're gonna carry it until Alleluia and Kyrie run out of fuel.
Then we're leaving it to Nirvash's Third Engine.
The Third Engine uses trapar inside the atmosphere.
Which means you have the most fuel out of all of us.
Elena?
After Alleluia and Kyrie have launched,
the Triton will proceed to its final position.
Chief?
I know it's risky...
What about team Goldilocks?
The newbie's there?
You seriously have time to worry about us?
We know you're happy about it.
But I'm not!
Ao, we're counting on you to protect our hometown.
We've caught up.
Let's go, Alleluia!
Caught it.
Geez
There should've been enough distance!
They must've gotten enthusiastic when the capsule lost its altitude.
Elena, please!
Alrighty!
Hey! That's cheating!
Elena! Elena!
Georg! The status on Kyrie!
There is some damage, but it can still fly.
The pilot's fine as well.
Elena, we're sending the Allied Forces to pick you up, so retreat for now.
Alleluia's restrictor has been released.
Fleur, do you want to start the Third Engine?
If I don't do it now, when will I?
But until now it wouldn't
I'm doing it!
Booting Third Engine...
Activate!
No way! It disconnected!
Why... Why won't it start?!
This is President Christophe Blanc.
The plan has changed.
Although we've yet to reach the destination,
we're going to commence the confluence explosion.
Papa...?
Fleur! Throw away the Quartz and get as far away from it as possible.
This is an order.
Our calculations tell us that if we have it detonate now, most of the Secrets would be destroyed.
We'll deploy team Harlequin to deal with the rest.
What about potential casualties?
A part of the Scandinavian Peninsula will be erased.
We've just issued an evacuation order.
Gazelle...
It's decided.
Wait, what?!
What happened?
The catapult is opening on its own!
What?!
Ao, are you acting on your own again?!
Nirvash is the only one with an operational Third Engine!
That's why I have to go and do it!
Ao!
Dispatch authorized.
Chief?!
But you must come back.
You aren't Eureka.
Yessir!
Dammit... The manipulator won't last much longer.
Something's closing in?
Fleur, I'll do it!
Ao? But...
Pick up Elena and return to the Triton!
Alleluia's damaged and I've got the advantage!
Okay.
You must come back!
Okay... We're going, Nirvash!
Alleluia left the capsule and Nirvash started accelerating.
Ao, be careful! The Secrets are catching up!
You're closing in on the VesterAlen Plant!
I know!
Retrieve Kyrie and Alleluia.
We're going provide cover for Nirvash.
We are now off-shore.
However, we cannot gain distance on the Secrets.
The chances of you escaping the confluence explosion alive is 3 at this point.
Ten years ago, Mom disappeared somewhere with the Quartz.
I don't know where Mom came from.
But if her blood is in my veins...
If we share the same blood...
Then I must be able to fly too.
Fly with me, Quartz!
This light...
What's this?!
Ao, what's going on?!
What's this?
What's going on?!
Answer me, Nirvash!
A weapon? Is this a weapon?
If it's a weapon, then save the world with it!
We cannot confirm any remaining Secrets.
Good job, Ao, despite it not being a part of the plan.
Can you explain to us about that weapon?
I can't.
What's that?
A North Pole light.
It's a mysterious light phenomenon often seen around here.
No, that light is...
It's the Vester Shuttle's supply point.
Vester? The Plant?
And the Coral Plant?
There's never been one here.
Well...
What about team Goldilocks?
Are Chloe and the other two all right?
Chloe?
I'll ask you again, Ao.
What is this team Goldilocks you're talking about?
They are an IFO team just like us.
Generation Bleu has only two IFO teams: Pied Piper and Harlequin.
Pied Piper handles terrestrial affairs while Harlequin is stationed in space.
But...
But they were here!
Why won't you remember them?
Why doesn't anyone...
No matter how hard you look, there's nothing.
No one's lived here for centuries.
No. Chloe said she was...
I went through the medical checkup data.
Chloe McCaffrey, Maeve McCaffrey, and Maggie Kwan.
There's no such personnel.
There never have been.
Anyway, just take a rest.
You must be tired.
What have I done, Mom?
To be continued.
Next time on Eureka Seven AO.
The world should have been saved by the light Nirvash unleashed.
But as Ao is the only one who knows the truth, he must shoulder the heavy price all alone.
The boy's salvation moves the gears in the machine.
Eureka Seven AO, episode 17: La Vie en Rose.
Listen to the voices of the children of the stars.
Guardian's Hammer
Preview
Sign: Iwato Trapar Industries
hikaru suiheisen
Just over the bright horizon,
hajimari to owari no
where the beginning and the end
tokeau soko wa
melt into one,
namida no furusato na no
lies the homeland of tears
furueteru te de
I've already pocketed
shinjirareru mono
my trembling hand
poketto ni tsumekonda
which holds my beliefs
kanata de yurameiteru shinkirou
A mirage shimmers in the distance
sora miagereba
I look to the sky
michibiitekureru you na
hoping it will show me the way
natsukashikute atsui hikari wo kureru
And it gives off a familiar, warm light
anata wa chiisaku te wo furu yo
You wave at me faintly
ikanakucha
I must go
mou nakanai yo shangurira
Don't cry anymore because Shangri-La,
aratana sekai he to daibu shiyou
a new world, is waiting for us
aoiro ni dakareta boku wa
As I'm embraced by its blue...
kono mune no takanari to tomo ni
My heart beats loudly
futashikana*
*T/L Note: I'm so uncertain
*T/L Note: I'm so uncertain
boku no sekai ga ima*
*T/L Note: In the blink of an eye,
*T/L Note: In the blink of an eye,
mabataku ma ni kawari- hajimete hirogaru*
*T/L Note: my whole world started changing and opening up.
*T/L Note: my whole world started changing and opening up.
ano hi mitsuketa yume no tsuzuki wa doko*
*T/L Note: That day, I found out where my dream continues
*T/L Note: That day, I found out where my dream continues
sugu ni sagashite miseru yo*
*T/L Note: I'll show you its sequel now
*T/L Note: I'll show you its sequel now
ima mo boku dake wa oboeteirun da*
*T/L Note: Right now, I'm the only one who still remembers
*T/L Note: Right now, I'm the only one who still remembers
natsukashii nukumori*
*T/L Note: that familiar warmth
*T/L Note: that familiar warmth
saa mou ikou ka*
*T/L Note: Now let's get going
*T/L Note: Now let's get going
machiu- keteru unmei ni*
*T/L Note: I was frozen with fear
*T/L Note: I was frozen with fear
tachisukumi obieteta*
*T/L Note: thinking of the fate that awaited me
*T/L Note: thinking of the fate that awaited me
mou kess- hite mayo- wanai you ni*
*T/L Note: I'll become so strong that I won't
*T/L Note: I'll become so strong that I won't
tsuyoku natte yuku yo*
*T/L Note: be uncertain ever again
*T/L Note: be uncertain ever again
nido to modorenai kako mo ashita kara kate ni shite*
*T/L Note: The past that can't be written will support me from tomorrow on
*T/L Note: The past that can't be written will support me from tomorrow on
sou yatte noriko- ete yuku no sa*
*T/L Note: I'll overcome it all
*T/L Note: I'll overcome it all
sou shite boku wa boku ni naru*
*T/L Note: and I'll become myself
*T/L Note: and I'll become myself
sou shite boku wa boku ni naru*
Don't repost to any manga readers! You have to sign up for our forum to download!
