This power... It's just like Father's!
Cuckoo Clock!
My, my...
What a handful you are, my little brother.
What's going on?
Those flames are blue...
He couldn't have...
Rin...
He's more powerful than I imagined.
Not even the Demon-Slaying Blade could hold it back.
Rin...
Rin!
Shiemi!
It's too dangerous! Stand back!
Rin!
Rin!
Shi... e... mi...
It's alright. It's alright now.
Rin!
It's blue, no matter how I look at it.
Just like that night.
Who's that?
So he's here...
Good morning, children.
I'm Arthur Auguste Angel, Upper First Class Exorcist of the Vatican Headquarters.
Arthur Auguste Angel?
He's the recently appointed new Paladin.
Paladin?
And your direct superior, Shura.
What's the meaning of this, Shura?
Wasn't your mission to investigate and report on
what the Head of the Japanese Branch, Mephisto Pheles, and the deceased Shiro Fujimoto had been hiding together?
You had other spies anyway, didn't you?
Well... But you had another important mission.
If you can determine that that thing is related to Satan, exterminate it.
Shura, don't you think that the creature clad in blue flames just a moment ago is related to Satan?
Your deductions never cease to amaze me.
Mephisto.
It has been a while, Angel.
I hear you have collected the title of Paladin too.
Let me voice my joy thereupon.
You finally decided to show your tail?
Even the Council of Grigori recognizes your betrayal.
This case is the absolute proof.
I can assure you that I am not flaunting my tail.
You're insulting a gentleman.
Very well.
Caliburn, give me strength.
Squee Arthur! It'll be my pleasure!
By the decree of the Grigori of the Highest Court of the Order of the True Cross,
I shall exterminate Satan's spawn.
Rin!
Kirigakure Demon Sword Technique: Slither!
Snakefang!
Why are you protecting Satan's son?
Have you sided with Mephisto?
As if.
You wanted to honor Fujimoto's will?
You'd do this for the man who was the worst Paladin ever?
No way, idiot. You baldy!
I'm not bald. What a fascinating jest!
But the Grigori's orders are absolute.
Even you...
Yes.
As you command.
New orders from the Grigori.
They have decided to summon Mephisto Pheles, the Head of the Japanese Branch to court.
I'm looking forward to that.
Shura, you will come too as a witness.
And of course the spawn of Satan as well.
He's an important piece of evidence.
Wait a second, I'll come too!
You still have duties towards your students.
This can't be used to suppress his flames anymore.
Then shall we get going, Angel?
We hereby commence the trial of the Head of the Japanese Branch of the Order of the True Cross, Mephisto Pheles.
The ones questioning will be I, Timothy Timowan, head of Law Enforcement in the Order,
Paladin Arthur Auguste Angel,
and the Grigori, the High Council of the Order.
Sir Pheles, I will ask you up front.
Is that demon there the son of Satan?
Precisely.
Now is not the time for excuses.
My brother...
Rin Okumura was born of Satan and a human woman 15 years ago.
He possesses the power of Satan's blue flames.
But you are his twin brother, aren't you?
I don't have the flames. I undergo daily checkups, but I'm just an ordinary human.
Are you saying that the report according to which
the son of Satan born to Lower Second Class Exorcist Yurie Gin
was slain with the Demon-Slaying Blade by Shiro Fujimoto was fake?
Yes. One of the boys did not have Satan's power.
The one who has it is right here before you.
I have sealed the demonic powers of this boy into the Demon-Slaying Blade.
About three months ago the Demon-Slaying Blade couldn't suppress his flames anymore
and his powers were awakened.
Three months ago...
Until then he knew nothing about all of this.
Back then...
I'm not a demon or anything!
Don't make assumptions!
I see...
What will happen to Rin?
The court might sentence him to be executed.
Executed?
If he succumbs to his flames, he will turn into a demon completely.
If that happens, they won't allow him to...
Are you... Are you saying he should just die?
That's not it!
I just don't want to make him suffer even more.
No matter how much he wants it, he can't be a normal human anymore.
The sword has cracked...
The Kurikara cracked?!
What did you just say?
How do you know the name of this sword?
I've only called it the Demon-Slaying Blade.
The Kurikara... That blade was an heirloom of our temple.
Bon, shouldn't we bring it to Yoshikuni?
Yoshikuni?
The place where the Kurikara was forged.
It's still being used.
And can they fix it there?
I don't know...
I don't get it. I don't get it... What are you all thinking?
Aren't you scared? What's this about fixing the sword?
Is that... Is that really necessary?
But Rin...
I understand how you feel.
But I still beg you.
If there's a way to save my brother...
Please...
Stop that.
Suguro...
And what was your goal?
For what purpose did Fujimoto raise him in secret, Sir Pheles?
To turn him into a weapon against Satan.
What?
Against Satan?
A weapon?
Foolish!
You shouldn't listen to that swindler!
I hope you haven't forgotten who he is!
Flattery like this is what they're so good at!
Lead us to that Yoshikuni's place.
No one else knows where it is, right?
Kamiki...
You're pissing me off.
You keep talking but you aren't saying anything!
Bon...
We're already in Kyoto?
I have a key to every city with a holy place.
Let's go.
Lil' Ryu! Lil' Ryu!
Hey...
Lil' Ryu?
You have to try it!
You shouldn't put apple in it like that...
You really are a great cook!
Guys...?
Certainly the demons are our enemies.
But it is also a fact that since the ancient times
we have learnt wisdom and countermeasures from demons.
However, we still haven't cleared Sir Pheles' charges of treason.
But Sir Pheles has been a great aid to the Order
over the past 200 years and he has earned a certain amount of trust.
He and Shiro Fujimoto secretly raised the son of Satan!
That's an undeniable truth!
The 11th Yoshikuni, a descendant of the one who forged the Kurikara.
A female sword-smith?
's nuthin' to be suprise''bout.
'n the middle o' the Edo Period'ere was a famous sword-smith called the Female Kunishige.
'ven if's left outta yer history books, I think she wasn't th' only one.
This chick's been babbling all her life about how she'll be the second most famous.
This chick? Watch yer tongue!
Hey!
Even Bon's powerless here.
My father and I oft' went to Lil' Ryu's temple fer ritual items,
so we've known each other fer ages.
'e was sooo cute when'e was lil'.
'e was clingin' t' me like a baby all the time.
Enough...
'e even propose' to me!
Made me a ring outta lotus'n stuff...
Cut it!
Will ye please marry me? 'n so on.
't ain't gonna be easy, but I think fixin' it might be possible.
Really?
To forge a Japanese-style sword like this,
we need jewel steel refine' in a furnace wit' bellows,
but fer a demon sword, ye need special rituals too
to forge spiritual energy into it.
However, the tradition o' that ritual has waned
'n there ain't anyone alive tha' still remembers it.
Are there no records?
'tis impossible to create new jewel steel fer demon swords.
We came all this way for nothing?
Even if you can't make new jewel steel, what if we had some that already existed?
Sure, if ye had some... But where would ye get any?
We could use that old nail from the temple.
An old nail?
During the Blue Night our whole temple burned down, including the most ancient pillar.
There was only a huge nail left.
But to tell the truth it's quite a treasure
so we entrusted it to another temple.
That nail was made by a Yoshikuni...
If it was made from the same jewel steel as the swords...
'tis possible that'tis the same jewel steel as the Kurikara.
Then if we got that nail...
Mebbe I could try fixin' it.
Excuse us!
Excuse us!
Where's everybody?
Whatever, let's look around.
I'll check the main hall.
Wait, I'll go with you.
No one's here.
I'll take a look at the crypt.
Please wait here, professor.
Is anyone here?
Is anyone here?
Over there!
He's not dead, is he?
He's fine, he's just unconscious.
Look, over there too!
What is wrong? Don't you want to defeat Satan?
Why? Why would you help a demon?
Don't fool yourself.
What?
Look into your heart. He is the son of Satan.
Wouldn't abandoning him be better for the sake of the world?
Do you really want to help the son of Satan?
Just because you're related?
A demon...
I am not your opponent.
The opponent you're scared of deep within your heart is your brother, isn't it?
As long as he's alive, you will be scared of him.
Then why are you trying to save him?
What's your reason for helping the son of Satan?
Reason?
What happened to your temple because of Satan?
Why would you help his son?
You should get rid of him.
Without him you could live your life in peace.
Professor!
Shima!
You're wrong. I'm not afraid of my brother.
What I'm afraid of is that my strength won't be enough to protect him!
I vowed to become strong to protect him!
I swore to protect him!
Pay it back its deeds!
Suguro!
Reason? Of course I have one!
He said he'd become an Exorcist to kick Satan's ass!
Until he tells me why he said weird stuff like that even though he's Satan's son,
I'm not gonna stoop so low as to let him die!
The Eternal Buddha have mercy on you!
The head priest is alright too.
I'm glad to hear that.
Those demons earlier were Mara, right?
Yes. The demon who tempted Buddha when he was about to reach enlightenment.
They're demons that attack the weaknesses and uncertainties in the hearts of men.
It is not unusual that Mara possess the Buddha statues in old temples like this.
Here's the nail you asked for.
Thank you.
Mephisto was obviously deceiving the Order to overthrow it from the inside!
But it's also a fact that we have nothing we can use to fight Satan.
This is a problem of unprecedented gravity.
If something were to go wrong, the risk is great.
C'mon, how long's this gonna take...
What's going on?
Him?
Where? Where is he? I haven't lost yet!
Amaimon?
What would the Earth King be doing here?
Angel!
Is this your work, Sir Pheles?
Is this the time for joking around?
Why would I need to resort to such measures?
But rather than that,
why not see this as a great opportunity
to observe the real power of Satan's offspring?
What?
I'm sure you understand
that he is the only strength we've got.
Would you make this gamble with me?
Will Rin Okumura become the savior of Assiah,
or the demon king of Gehenna?
Don't you want to see it for yourselves?
's alright, I can use it.
The time for voting is almost over!
Please decide whether you're for or against!
You!
I've come to return the favor, Rin Okumura.
Wake up!
Episode 16 s Gamble
Great
Great
Next Episode Preview
Temptation
The Blue Exorcist
The Blue Exorcist
The Blue Exorcist
The Blue Exorcist
The Blue Exorcist
The Blue Exorcist
nuguisarenai kako no kanashimi
It's alright kokoro ni mo nai
Blastar hanachi te wo nobashita
sakete toorenai michi wa itsu kara ka konna datta
soshite daremo inakunatta...
unmei nante kuso kurae
yarikirenakute cry for pride
hibiku ai no uta
yuganda sekai magatta negai
kuzuresatte iku risou to ashita
haite suteru hodo ni taikutsu datta
unmei nante nurikaete
kizu darake ni natte try for pride
soredemo ai wo utau
hizunda sekai todokazu negai
kizuki ageteku kizuna to ashita
haite sutete mo kekkyoku taisetsu nanda
harewatari michi ni hikari wa sashita
Let's fight osore wa nai
moroha no tsurugi furikazashita
Dark side in my heart is
the unerasable sadness of the past.
It's alright if I don't really mean it,
so I fire my blasters and stretch out my hands.
Since when has my way been unavoidable like this?
And now there's no one left...
Fuck this destiny,
I cry for my pride, I can't bear it.
Ah, ah, ah, alone in my world.
An aria of love resounding through
this distorted reality of twisted prayers.
My dreams and tomorrow are collapsing,
because throwing away the lies would be boring.
Good bye precious life.
Go and repaint this destiny,
try it for your pride, covered in wounds.
Ah, ah, ah, alone in my world.
Even so, I sing the song of love and
let its wish reach through this distorted world
to build our bonds and the tomorrow to come.
Throwing away the lies was important after all,
because this is my precious life.
Dark cloud in my heart is
disappearing and light is shining on the road I'm on.
Let's fight, there's no fear.
I brandished my two-edged sword.
mau chou no you ni hirari
chuu ni tadayou fukashikina hikari
koko wa dokoka betsu no sekai
rakka suru sokudo wa kawaranai
atama wo meguru suuchi wa
rasen wo egaki kyuujoushou
juudaina ayamachi ni mo kizukazu ni
hito kara hito e to tsunagaru
awaku seiran ni kagayaku wire
totemo kirei de maru de kinu no ito
kore ga unmei to iu kusari nano ka
sagashite demo karamatte
tadori tsukenai
nogarerarenai nante
oroka de utsukushii
sagashite demo karamatte
tadori tsukenai
nogarerarenai nante
oroka de utsukushii
(WIRED...)
I'm lightly fluttering in wondrous light
like a dancing butterfly in midair.
Is this place in another world?
My fall isn't slowing down so
cut the rope.
Cut the rope.
The numbers that make my head spin
are forming a rising spiral
and there I notice a terrible error.
Connecting people to one another
is a shining pale indigo blue wire.
It's beautiful like a thread of silk.
I wonder if it's what they call the chains of fate?
You seek for it and yet you're already caught,
so don't try to struggle.
What is wired life?
You're a beautiful fool in
the way you get entwined in this
wired life.
You seek for it and yet you're already caught,
so don't try to struggle.
What is wired life?
You're a beautiful fool in
the way you get entwined in it.
There is wired life.
