Fight!
Heroes are Born
Team Rabbits of the MJP,
in recognition of your remarkable feat at Undina Base,
we award you the Level-3 Order of Merit Medal.
The acting head of the Pacific Rim-India Alliance presented
medals to members of the MJP.
They earned that?!
For real?
The young heroes obtained our
first major victory since the
Global Defense Force began fighting the Wulgaru.
It was their first time in actual combat.
They defended Undina Base, which we were going to
abandon, and forced the elite Wulgaru fleet to retreat.
Dang, I'm glad we established the MJP.
As a member of
the Pacific Rim-India Alliance, I'm proud we did, Commander Simon.
At any rate, this organization is finally beginning to bear fruit.
It's hard to believe we've been
fighting in space development equipment thus far.
I'm not sure I'd say it is bearing fruit after one victory,
let alone one that was a fluke.
It's too soon to tell if it's worth the expense.
Indeed.
The MJP needed a massive budget to create children who can fight.
Created to fight, these children were stripped
of their lives the moment they were born.
I find it lamentable.
Intelligence Strategist Amane!
The MJP was a project created to adapt humans to life in outer space,
not to pump out soldiers with no purpose but to fight.
Lt. Amane, refrain from making such thoughtless remarks.
The MJP is currently the center of attention. It could create misconceptions.
Very well.
I'll tell the commander about the press conference.
I am terribly sorry, but we're swamped with requests for interviews.
I hate to say it, but we cannot give you one anytime soon.
I bet they're hounding Undina Base as well!
Now then, please present your questions one at a time.
Uh, I'd like to go first.
What exactly are you?
What were those machines?
Are they the GDF's secret weapons?
They are students currently enrolled in the Gurantseere Cosmopolitan Academy.
Students? They're students?
They are affiliated with the secret service, MJP.
What does MJP stand for?
Military Junior Pre-Academy.
It's an organization that trains future military officers.
The AHSMB units they pilot use the GDF's cutting-edge frames,
but I cannot discuss them in detail.
Uh, then I have another question for everyone in the MJP.
How did you feel when you were ordered to fight in that mission?
Right. It was a true honor to...
Asagi? What's wrong?
My stomach... It's the stress.
Anyone else?
I felt the same.
Tamaki.
That was a huge hit, Tamaki!
Too cute It went'Bang!' That noise hurt Aha ha ha ha
Was she trying to be cute? Juggle failed What's with these guys? Nice head shot!
Wow, these comments rock!
Suruga, answer the question!
You, too.
Ow!
Are you all right?
What was the key point behind this mission?
Kei, please answer that.
I can't.
Then I will!
My unit's primary guns are a 90 mm L/70 high-energy charged particle cannon
and two 40mm L/45 radiation-guided
photon resonance antiaircraft cannons as its co-ax guns.
I can catch any enemies in range with a Type 99 high-depth, 3D,
inversed spectroscopic rangefinder manufactured by Imperial Japan Optics Meter.
Then I use the co-ax...
Uh, allow me to change the question.
Didn't the plan originally call for you to pull back?
Correct.
So who decided to change the plan?
Izuru...
Uh, Second Lieutenant Izuru Hitachi.
Second Lt. Hitachi,
is it true that you decided to fight
to the end once you learned that civilians were still there?
What was running through your mind?
Uh, well...
Uh, what is that...?
This is the hero in a story I'm writing.
In other words, this is how I felt.
Aw, jeez!
Thinks he's a big shot. Weird illo I was like him once. Total moron Moron He sucks! Not good, not bad... He's special... What is he going for?
Uh, please tell us what your favorite food is.
Curry!
Do you have a boyfriend? Curry!
I'm accepting applications!
Accepting applications! Accepting applications! AWESOME!!! Accepting applications! This is- Cute! Laughed so hard I... HOT! Accepting applications! ROFLOL WOOO Accepting applications!
Accepting applications! I'll be your BF! You're too- SHE'S CUTELOLOLOL Spaz Cute!Not me Hot! Breasts! Breasts! I'll become your boyfriend! Hmm Accepting applications! Annoying!
I am sorry, but they cannot answer questions about their private lives.
They are extremely tired, so we are going to call it a-
Then let us take some pictures
of them with the base as the backdrop, Miss Manager.
Manager?
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you very much!
Are these the people we saved?
Wow...
Tearing up?
Awesome!
I'm beat...
Now I can finally relax.
My stomach hurts.
We're all over the news.
There's our school!
Stop watching that!
You're making my stomachache worse.
Here.
It's my job as leader.
This isn't the sort of thing a leader does.
Isn't it great how everyone survived?
I thought you were going to get me killed.
We're lucky things turned out like they did.
You stupy-dupy dude!
And what the heck is up with this?
The heroes who saved Earth! The Majestic Princes
Heroes...
They're calling us the Majestic Princes.
But why?
Probably because we're in the MJP.
Why must they call us that?
I'm not a prince.
Be quiet!
The world is filled with too much noise.
But, dang! Izuru, you were awesome back there.
Yeah, you seemed like a totally different person.
Do you think I transformed?
Come again?
Into a hero.
Of course not!
But we were different, too.
Wasn't it kinda weird?
Yeah. It felt like some strange power was
building up inside me when I was in my AHSMB.
That was the JURIA-SYSTEM.
The JURIA-SYSTEM was built around your DNA.
DNA does whatever it can to survive.
As such, it has strong survival instinct.
That survival instinct is what made your AHSMB units try to flee at first.
But it becomes extremely offensive when your fighting instinct surges.
Consequentially, AHSMB will act on its own and run independent of you.
So when it selected that weapon without any commands...
That was the JURIA-SYSTEM's doing.
You could say the performance exhibited by an AHSMB with heightened fighting instinct
is akin to when a person exhibits feats of adrenaline-fueled hysterical strength.
As a result, they push their limits, causing them to break down frequently.
The JURIA-SYSTEM has the fight-or-flight instinct.
As pilots, you must control both forms of survival instinct.
In other words, you must tame a wild stallion.
There you have it. Did you get all that?
Yes...
That is the extent of my explanation.
Team Rabbits, I order you to remobilize.
I want you to set up the destroyed transmission satellites' replacements.
Now then, about your AHSMB units...
What happened to them?!
After seeing your performance,
we've had a group of sponsors offer financial backing.
What the hell?!
I take that brand of antacid.
That's messed up...
What is with these ads?
There's my grill...
A camera will be there to gather footage,
so do your best to make sure it can see those logos.
We aren't some freak show!
We have to do this to spread the word about the MJP.
Roger that!
So, would it be all right if I drew on my AHSMB unit?
Of course not!
Those aren't just pictures.
Just how stupid are you?
This is Godinion. Requesting permission for takeoff.
This is control. Godinion is cleared for takeoff.
Cleared for takeoff. All ranges: Green.
Increasing backup engine's output.
Activating the turbine's activation sequence.
All hatches are closed.
External power has been established.
AUP activated.
Disconnect all equipment.
External pressure increasing. Turbines activated.
Main engine military!
Blast off!
Th-thanks for all of your hard work.
Same to you!
All that fighting did a number on it,
but we've got it working like new!
Although it's a bit dressed up now.
Good luck out there! Fight on!
Don't sweat it.
Ya see, men leave without saying a word and do their utmost best.
It's okay. You don't have to say a thing.
Please get on board!
R-right!
Good luck.
Oh, Boss!
Take care.
The interstellar dust around Undina is denser than elsewhere.
It is rich with metals that broke off from the small, M-class planet.
The space dust can easily interfere with your radar and communications,
so be careful.
SAIONJI PHARMACEUTICAL
Blue 1, ready to go!
Red 5, ready to go!
Blue 1 and Red 5, I want you to go first.
The team that prevented Undina Base from
falling has begun setting up the new transmission satellites.
Thanks to your contribution, we were finally able to sortie.
I find that thought pleasing, yet I am also concerned.
When I think about how they will be thrown into battle...
That, too, is part of their fate.
Even though they are still students,
they performed wonderfully in the previous battle.
They are associated with the MJP.
The official name is Military Junior Pre-Academy,
but various news groups are referring to them as the Majestic Princes.
Majestic Princes...
They are unworthy of such a title.
That is not true.
If it is their fate to fight, I want them to fight majestically.
Where are Purple 2, Rose 3 and Gold 4?
They're still undergoing adjustments.
Ours won't be fully warmed up in time.
Gold 4 will be ready for takeoff momentarily!
Roger. You'll have to stay on standby a bit longer.
This is what happens when they decide to
put on a performance without much warning.
SAIONJI PHARMACEUTICAL
Lt. Commander Suzukaze,
I just received a message from the broadcast station's staff.
What is it?
They said, Please wave at the camera.
From the sponsor's side,
we've received requests to direct their logos toward the camera
as much as possible.
Blue 1, Red 5!
Turn and face the camera so that the logos are visible and wave?
Seriously?!
Yahoo!
Let's leave that crud to him.
They're just like Pierrots.
In our current situation, we have no choice
but to rely on those clowns, Lt. Amane.
I am aware of the situation.
What?!
Lt. Commander Suzukaze!
What? Do they want them to dance next?
It's from HQ.
Heat signatures quickly approaching from
Undina Sector + 32.7 and Sector 151.32.
Heat signatures approaching from your upper right.
Keep your eyes peeled.
They could be enemy ships!
Four Wulgaru ships approaching.
Prepare for battle!
Are there any weapons you could launch immediately?
Rose 3's main engine will take another 30 minutes to activate.
Purple 2's system could operate under external electricity.
The Red Jaeger and Blue Jaeger's engines are activating.
It will take seven minutes for them to warm up.
Can you get out at least one unit?
Wait two minutes!
I am forcing the Blue Jaeger to enter compulsory warm up mode.
And I can also launch Red's HEP Cannon.
Order the news agencies to take shelter.
Prepare to intercept!
Sound the alarm!
And here I wasn't expecting them to resume their attack so soon.
Shouldn't we have been preparing for another
attack rather than setting up this performance?
Now you say that?
You should have suggested that sooner!
You're supposed to be my assistant.
I'm terribly sorry.
I've never seen that unit in the front before.
We don't have any data on it.
They've entered the battlefield.
What should we do?
Um, what should we...?
Keep your wits about you! Prepare for battle.
Wasn't this supposed to be an easy mission
where all we did was set up transmission satellites?
Ow...
Asagi, are you all right?
They look just like birds...
They missed?
No, they intentionally didn't hit us.
They're mighty confident...
We're more likely to get hit if we move...
How would the JURIA-SYSTEM respond to the situation?
It isn't doing anything.
So we're frozen like frogs caught in a snake's gaze.
They're totally withering up.
Blue Jaegar has completed its compulsory warm up.
Red 5's HEP Cannon is ready for launch.
Blue 1, prepare for linkage!
Blue 1, we're increasing your output to match the enemies' speed.
And Red 5, we're launching your weapon.
R-roger!
We're going to launch your Assault Jaegar.
Turn on your core's guidance beacon.
Set your controls at half off.
Linkage in a count of five!
Launch!
Linkage connecting in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1!
Now!
Asagi, you suck on the actual battlefield...
That wasn't me! My AHSMB doesn't want to link to it!
Calm down! We're going to try again.
Red 5, we're launching your HEP Cannon!
Kei, operation!
I've input their acceleration-movement patterns
and finished calculating 128 patterns based upon projected Route A.
The most likely route is...
Firing solution ready! I'm sending it now.
Fire!
Did he get them?
They dodged it!
Linkage: Complete.
You took too long.
I'm sorry.
They pulled back...?
Don't bother giving chase.
Pull back.
<Prince Jiart, are you returning without finishing the kill?>
<Prey that is easily slain...>
I'm glad you made it back in one piece.
But the transmission satellites...
We were unable to defend them.
You see, as much as everyone in the pit
hates to see machines get destroyed,
we hate it even more when humans come back in pieces.
But I wish you would give your units a bit more love.
Your DNA is melded into those AHSMB units.
In a way, they're another version of yourself.
I'm Reika Saionji, the head mechanic.
But everyone calls me Boss.
Boss...?
She reeks of alcohol.
You're drunk...
I'm on break!
Please pet my head, too!
Head Mechanic Saionji!
Oh, Rin-Rin! Wanna grab a drink later?
Don't call me that.
And I don't want to drink with a bad drunk.
Nice work out there. Go get some rest for now.
Don't worry about a thing.
Got that?
She said not to worry about it!
What're they doing?!
AAA! Huh? Something's coming! He dodged it?! Chickened out! AAA! They suck !
Surprise Attack
