You've put on quite the amusing farce, but enough.
For the false Spear Hero
and for the Devil of the Shield,
clinging so desperately to life, like a cockroach,
the purification of Holy Judgment.
And...
For this country, righteous order!
Watch out, Naofumi!
That sword is...
What power!
The impact's making my arms go numb!
For a devil, you are pretty tough.
That'll be enough trial shots.
Now face the real thing.
Wh-What?
I-Is that...
The Rising of the Shield Hero
The Four Cardinal Heroes
H-Hey! That sword turned into a spear!
There's no mistaking it.
That's a replica of the Cardinal Weapons!
In the past,
an attempt was made to duplicate the four weapons of the legendary heroes.
To make the ultimate weapon,
which could change forms and use each weapon's skills.
I was taught that it was lost many centuries ago.
That's not fair!
Say, Myne. Is it true?
H-How would I know?
It's so famous, anyone dabbling in Melromarc's
and the Church's history would know of it.
Finding it should've been huge news.
But the Three Heroes Church kept it hidden.
Maybe its loss was a lie made up by the Church, too.
Why'd you summon the heroes if you had a weapon like that?
That weapon is mighty, but it consumes a massive amount of mana.
Just that one swing earlier must've drained dozens of magicians of their mana.
No wonder you're first in line for the throne, Melty-sama.
You have educated yourself well.
Completely unlike your sister, who was too busy conspiring to study.
The mana this legendary weapon requires
will be provided by all the believers here.
My brethren, this is a battle between our lord and the Devil of the Shield.
It is a holy crusade in the name of God.
Offer your prayers to the legendary weapon imbued with divine power.
And we shall purge this world of the fake Spear Hero and the Devil of the Shield.
That'll be a pain to fight.
Melty! Can't you take those believers out of the equation?
Put them to sleep or something!
I haven't learned any magics that affect the mind.
And also...
Such a large mana pool will also give them high resistance.
Putting them all to sleep will be impossible.
There has to be something we can do.
I shan't stand for this!
You manipulate us for your own selfish goals,
and want to get rid of us as soon as you're done?
That's evil, through and through!
As a hero, I cannot overlook it!
Everything he says is hollow.
Spear guy's annoying.
Pope, I will defeat you
and avenge Itsuki and Ren!
Lightning Spear!
What? A barrier?
No fair!
We can't even scratch the pope unless we break through that force field.
Melty's right.
We need to cut off the mana supply first.
If I can't do it alone...
Naofumi!
Huh?
Now is the time for us to work together.
Let's go!
You will pay for the sin of turning against the next queen with your life.
As source of thy power, I order thee.
As source of thy power and the next queen, I order thee.
Decipher the laws of nature and burn my target down!
Sister...
Both spear guy and his party are annoying.
Zweit Fire!
A combo skill?
This is the end!
Burst...
Flare Lance!
Did we get him?
Nah.
How deplorable.
Instead of gracefully accepting God's mercy,
you pointlessly continue to resist.
But, of course, there will be no mercy for a devil.
We'll see how pointless it is!
Meteor Thrust!
Even Meteor Thrust didn't work?
This magical barrier is impregnable.
It is no devil's shield, that is for sure.
Is that the believers' power, too?
They're using the massive pool of mana to construct a powerful magical barrier.
It is my turn to attack now.
What do you say?
All this power, with a simple wave of my hand!
Using that weapon is cheating!
Fight us fair and square!
This power can even annihilate a devil.
I don't know if I can block a full-power attack from that thing.
Not to mention, they have an almost limitless pool of mana.
If he unleashes a volley of attacks, we're finished.
What can we do?
The time has come to bestow God's mercy on our foes!
Hundred Swords!
Meteor Shot!
Pope!
Those skills...
Looks like we made it in the nick of time.
Itsuki-sama!
Ren-sama!
You came back to life?
Don't just assume we're dead.
Hundred Swords!
Have half our magicians focus on generating the barrier.
Are you sure?
It'll cause a long delay in the mana supply to the weapon.
They'll need time, too.
Time to understand their sins
and realize they must pray for the mercy of God.
As you say, Your Excellency.
That's annoying.
H-Hey, how are you guys here?
We did nearly get killed.
But their attempt failed.
That's all.
That's all?
Itsuki and I didn't trust the Three Heroes Church.
so we began investigating them in secret.
One of our party members found a secret file in the Cathedral's archive.
It mentioned the existence of a replica of the Cardinal Weapons,
so we decided to check out the place where it was hidden.
They must have not taken kindly to that.
The Three Heroes Church lured us to a fake shrine
and tried to assassinate us.
We barely escaped with our lives
thanks to a squad that called themselves Shadows and said they served the Queen.
Those women were also keeping tabs on Itsuki and Ren?
I think the Three Heroes Church were the ones who stole my reward.
You were framed, Naofumi-san.
Framed?
You're the one who misunderstood and came at me!
You were framed, huh?
You really have zero luck.
You were trying to kill me on a false charge a moment ago, too!
Let's do this, Ren-san.
Yeah.
Meteor Shot!
Meteor Slash!
That consumed too much mana!
The pope's weapon!
Will he be all right?
The queen's punitive force will be here soon.
The queen?
Mother's coming here?!
Yes. A Shadow tipped us off.
Surrender at once, and I'm sure the queen will have mercy on you!
Drop your weapons and surrender!
Did he just say punitive force?
What's happening?
Fret not!
As I said earlier, this is a battle between God and the Devil.
Of course it will be difficult.
However, our victory is guaranteed.
After all, we are the ones blessed by God.
The queen's punitive force is nothing to fear.
And it matters not how many false heroes gather.
They are no match for us,
with our legendary weapon and our faith in God!
Pope!
We'll follow God and you to the end!
What's wrong with them?
We're the legendary heroes.
Looks like they need to be taught a lesson.
If words won't get through to them, we'll have to fight.
Yeah. As much as I hate it, this is an emergency.
I'll even take your help.
Shall we, the four heroes...
Melty, you provide magic support.
Got it.
Naofumi, what are you doing?
I'm not gonna play along with you idiots.
Hey, don't be selfish!
I don't wanna hear that from the guy who tried to kill me when I refused to fight.
But don't you think
it's far too selfish to fight alone in this situation?
Yeah, we can't win if we don't fight together.
We can survive without your help.
No, you'll die for sure!
And you'll die framed for a crime you didn't commit!
Are you okay with that?
You, of all people, have no right to say that.
Spear guy's so annoying.
You're the ones who let the Three Heroes Church throw their weight around!
Myne, who fell for the Church's schemes
and did whatever the hell she wanted, is most at fault.
But Motoyasu, you're just as guilty for letting her take you for a ride.
Wait a second! Me, deceive Motoyasu-sama?
Quit making baseless accusations!
But it seems the Spear Hero had no idea
what you were trying to do, Sister.
Y-Yeah! All I did was trust in a member of my party!
I didn't do anything wro...
Accepting everything someone says blindly without thinking for yourself
is completely different from trusting them.
If you'd used your brain even a little,
things wouldn't have come to this.
Naofumi's right.
There, there. Motoyasu-san feels bad about it, too.
Give him a break for me.
You two are no different.
As I mentioned before, after you killed that dragon,
its rotten flesh poisoned the air and nearly wiped out an entire village.
That's...
Sure, in video games, monsters you kill just disappear.
Their corpses don't remain and rot away.
But this is reality.
You should've faced up to that fact.
And Itsuki, your little secret vigilante adventure
forced people to become refugees and live in abject poverty.
But if I hadn't taught that lord a lesson, the people would've suffered forever!
Hero powers won't solve everything.
You could've used your standing as a hero to pressure the people in charge.
Wha...
You should've spared a moment to think about how best to use your powers.
Decipher the laws of nature and grant my target water's protection.
Aqua Shield.
Give Raphtalia and Filo shields, too.
Your thoughtless actions
are what let the Church think they could get away with this.
Wh-What were you doing, then?
Sorting out your messes.
Master was always mad, saying he had to clean up after you.
Cleaning up after us?
Y-Yeah! It's your fault!
You're one to talk!
I wish you would understand your current position a little.
Instead of fighting, you just wrapped yourself around your girl's fingers.
Leave the girls out of this!
We're talking about all the trouble you caused Naofumi right now!
If you wanna talk about trouble...
How about the time you thoughtlessly passed out a sealed seed
and let an entire area be overrun by vines? You caused the most trouble!
I-I only did that because the villagers asked for help.
Sure, they had a legend saying the seed was dangerous,
so the villagers are at fault for taking it just because a hero gave it to them, too.
Right?
It just goes to show how immense the people's trust in the heroes is.
You should've been more aware of that.
and didn't spare a thought for anybody else.
As a result,
instead of teaming up to fight the Wave, you just embarrassed yourselves.
Maybe you couldn't have taken that Glass woman,
but you could've easily defeated the Soul Eater if you'd worked together.
As the Pope says,
it wouldn't be surprising if the people got sick of heroes like you.
I don't really get it, but I do know it's the spear guy's fault.
Don't say that! I was doing my best!
Huh? Master was working harder, though.
Dear me. I can hardly bear to watch.
You're fighting among yourselves in this situation?
Our so-called heroes are an utter disgrace.
You really should be cleansed at once.
Fortunately, you gave us time to generate enough mana.
Farewell, fake heroes! And goodbye, Devil of the Shield!
I knew he'd use a magic attack!
Naofumi-sama,
here it comes.
Brionac!
You're the same.
In my eyes, you and that pope are no different.
You use and abuse people for your own benefit.
You brandish your powers for justice,
without caring about the consequences.
You see nothing wrong with that!
And more than anything...
You try to take the things I hold dear from me.
You people are scum.
It is unacceptable for heroes to be fighting.
I'll give it my best shot, but don't get your hopes up.
Shield Hero, please...
But...
I'll work with you until we take him out and get out of here alive.
Naofumi...
Don't get the wrong idea.
I haven't forgiven you.
But...
I did make Fitoria a promise.
The four heroes finally stand together now.
Yeah.
Don't hold me back, you guys.
Right back at you.
It's only until this battle is over.
Sure. I think that's for the best.
We need to do something about the Pope and live to meet Mother.
I'll do my best!
Lend me your strength, girls.
Right!
Of course, Motoyasu-sama.
Let's do this.
Let's show them what we heroes are made of.
Raphtalia, Filo, Melty! Let's go!
Right!
Fighting together with the Devil of the Shield?
A foolish act befitting the fake heroes.
You leave me no choice but to purge you.
Not a trace of you must remain.
We pray to our God, the source of all power.
Decipher the laws of nature,
bring about a miracle, and protect the blessed ones!
Cathedral!
This is your final destination!
F-Final destination?
Battle of Good and Evil
