Feelings (Continued)
A-Anti-bullying measures?!
Wh-What's wrong, Kiriyama?
Did something happen?
Tell me everything!
It's okay, Kiriyama!
No matter what happens, I'm on your side!
No, it's not about me.
Really?
There's nothing you want to discuss?
Right now?
Of course not. In the first place...
I'm just being ignored.
I don't have any friends. Or more like...
BLUNT
I'm not in anyone's field of vision.
Kind of like that.
SLAP
Well, never mind me.
I'm a professional at that.
After all, I've been eating lunch by myself for over 11 years.
SPARKLE
Professional? In what?
Kiriyama!
I see. A third-year middle school girl.
In a family that's helped you out a lot, huh?
First of all, it's a shame about that other girl who switched schools.
But...
I think she was really lucky to have someone like Hina.
Otherwise, it could have had a sadder ending.
Now, it's actually really important that Hina was able to talk to her family about it.
The worst thing anyone could do is not talk about it, and keep it bottled up.
Not talk to their family or their teacher...
But when it came to her friend, Chiho, she told her homeroom teacher about it.
But she got brushed off, apparently.
The teacher said she was misreading the situation.
Dammit! So she's that type of homeroom teacher, huh?
She got stuck with one of those. Poor kid.
She was probably desperate when she asked for advice, too.
I can get the teacher's perspective,
but that's no time to be running away!
So I thought I would ask your opinion to get the school's perspective.
UGH
JEEZ
UGH
JEEZ
UGH
JEEZ
I thought you could give me a hint on how to handle this.
S-Sorry.
Kiriyama, look at this.
BULLYING
School bullying problems getting worse!
Severe bullying. Please talk to us.
If you do a search on bullying, you'll get 89,100,000 hits.
Do a search for bullying countermeasures, and you get 2,200,000 hits.
And nowhere in here is a solution that'll work 100 of the time.
There.
Take a look at this homepage.
People who are being bullied. People who are doing the bullying.
The parents of both sides.
People who saw it happen.
People who were bullied in the past. People who were bullies in the past.
That teacher could scroll through 200 million pages
from several years and encounter a mess of muddled arguments.
The thing is, there are thousands of sites like this.
M-Mr. Hayashida? Mr. Hayashida...
But you won't find an answer in any of them.
I mean, there's a distinct answer for every one of these people here.
It's a quandary.
People who want an apology.
People who want to defend themselves.
Parents who want to avenge their children.
Parents who want to clear their children's names.
People who want their bullies to get the same treatment.
People who want to return to their circle of friends.
The configurations of the positions and personalities of people involved are all different.
That's why there's no perfect answer that can work for every case.
But that doesn't mean you should give up.
If you think, there's no answer to be found so I'll do nothing,
But at least we've come to know what not to do.
And that's to stir everyone up with cries of We have to solve this,
while ignoring the victim's feelings, and moving ahead too fast.
I say your daughter is the one who's lying!
My kid said she didn't do it!
Your daughter's obviously a delinquent!
She's tormented the hell out of my daughter!
Um, I've distributed surveys throughout the school about whether bullying is going on.
- There's no need for that! - You're going to pay for this.
No, stop! Stop! Please stop!
If the victim doesn't want to make a big deal out of it, or even get more people involved,
then it's wrong for the families to cause a commotion at school, even if it solves the problem.
I heard she was bullied during second year.
Oh, really?
The whole school got involved.
Wow.
Because even if the bullying died down, if they feel out of place there,
then it was all for naught.
So the important thing is to ask Hina about what kind of solution she's hoping for.
It's okay if this takes time,
so be sure to listen patiently to all of her feelings on the matter.
I see. Got it!
SCRIBBLE SCRIBBLE NOTE NOTE
But actually, what's surprisingly effective is being able to say Stop it
when the bully does something to them right then and there.
That all rides on whether she's the type of person who can say that or not.
Well...
Tell me about Hina.
About Hina?
Hina, let's see.
Um...
She's really energetic, with a loud voice...
Uh-huh. What else?
She laughs a lot, and gets angry or dejected easily.
You could say she's relatively complex.
And pretty vain...
And for someone who's so cheerful, she doesn't have much confidence in herself.
But she's strong at heart. Very strong.
Kiriyama's been watching her closely, huh?
Huh?
Could this be...
Could it possibly be...
H-Huh. You don't say.
So, um... Uh, what?
I-Is she cute?
Yes, she's cute.
Oh, I'm just asking for data purposes...
Um, so, in what way is she cute?
Uh, she has big eyes, small, thin arms and legs, long, glossy hair...
CREAK
NERVOUS NERVOUS
And then there's this, to confirm, just in case...
Kiriyama...
Um, about that girl... How can I put this?
I-Is she important to you?
Yes. She's very important to me.
BLUNT
I intend to do anything I can for her.
Diving into the atmosphere of adolescence!!
Kiriyama!
If she's in trouble, I want to do anything I can to help.
After all, she's my lifesaver.
I have an obligation to pay her back. That's my duty as a human being.
Um, Kiriyama?
Kind of has a bad feeling about this
Whoa!
HOME TUTORING
Sorry, I got carried away there.
No, no, you were fine.
I was thrilled to see a new side of you, Kiriyama...
HEAPS
280,000 per month x 9 months Total 2,520,000
Say, Kiriyama.
What is this?
Shishi-ou Tournament Total 3,600,000 8,000,000
Um... And what's this?
It's a bracket for a shogi tournament, right?
And maybe all of these scrawled numbers are...
Total: 3,600,000-8,000,000
Total: 1,500,000
No, but since I was making a proposal, and if I didn't hold it down to realistic figures,
it would just be irresponsible lip service.
I have a debt to repay, so I just can't be dreaming all day.
Oh, good. My calculator still works.
And so...
Serious Eyes
I can't afford to lose any matches.
Wood Carving
Is that what you said without any hesitation?
Oh, it's about time for my workshop. I have to run!
Mr. Hayashida!
Thank you very much for your advice.
It's given me food for thought.
I would appreciate it if we could talk again about this.
He's a little off.
Well, excuse me!
This kid is just off about something!
That's what the teacher's heart was yelling out.
I have to check!
I have to put my life as a teacher on the line and do something!
Before Kiriyama takes those documents to her house and makes a speech!
Otherwise he's going to lose her!
Rei Kiriyama, 5th dan, 18 years old, with calculator in hand, will intervene
in the life of that girl to whom he owes a debt.
Oh no! What am I going to do?!
Would Hayashida, his homeroom teacher from last year,
be able to stop him from running amok?
Stay tuned and you'll find out.
Feelings
Confession
SHOGI HALL
Damn it!
What's wrong with Kiriyama?
I've never seen him this frustrated after losing before!
Damn it.
Finally... Does he finally have the motivation?!
QUIVER QUIVER
Has he come around to the idea of burning together
in the surging flames of passion?!
GOOD
GRIND GRIND GRIND
Dammit!
One more win and I would've gone to the semifinals, where the pay gets doubled!
Damn it! I'm an idiot!
GRIND GRIND GRIND
Were you just talking big about the debt repayment, Rei Kiriyama?!
If something happens and she ends up going to another school,
or she stops going and has to rely on private tutors,
or consults with a lawyer, all of these things take money!
Whatever happens to Hina, it's my job to prepare a place for her to go!
Hey, Nikaidou! Are you here?
Oh! What is it, best friend?
I need to practice. Would you play me?
Of course, my best friend!
BEST FRIEND
I'm happy for you, Nikaidou!
GOOD
Is my place okay?
Anywhere works for me!
Wherever there's a board and pieces, that's our battlefield, Kiriyama!
Ten matches with a 30-minute time limit per move.
Don't fall behind, Nikaidou!
I can't lose at the next Kishousen Tournament.
MONEY DEBT MONEY MONEY SHOGI MONEY
Inside Kiriyama's Brain
In fact, I can't lose a single match!
BEST FRIENDS BEST FRIENDS BEST FRIENDS SHOGI BEST FRIENDS
Inside Nikaidou's Brain
Kiriyama, those words are music to my ears!
It's tough. Everything is tough.
Reality is tough.
But that doesn't mean I can give up!
That's how it's been up to now, and, of course, that's how it'll always be.
But right now, I'm doing it for Hina!
That Sunday, I got a text from Akari.
POTATOES ONIONS
Thanks, Kiriyama. This is a big help.
No, not at all. This is nothing.
They had so many special sales to celebrate their remodeling.
HEAVY
WOBBLE WOBBLE...
I mean, just 200 yen for a box of potatoes or onions.
I couldn't pass that up, right?
And then there was 100 grams of chicken thigh for 48 yen,
MARU S SPECIAL SALE TODAY
99 yen for a tub of margarine,
100 grams of pork for 126 yen,
99 yen for a carton of milk...
Oh, I'm overjoyed!
Where's Hina today?
She's at the amusement park in Asakusa with Grandpa and Momo.
THREE LITTLE PIGS
She's still feeling a little down.
Go!
So Grandpa took her there.
I hope this will help her to feel better.
Panda!
Hey, Kiriyama, are you okay with those?
Want me to take one?
I'm fine.
No problem.
Really? Are you sure they're not too heavy? Don't overdo it.
It's okay. I am a guy, after all.
Rei doesn't seem to be getting fluffy at all.
I worry about you. How many kilos are you now?
My weight?
Um...
52 kg...
FREEZE
A-Akari?
Um, please wait...
Thank you, Kiriyama.
Okay, then...
Well, I'll be on my way...
What are you talking about?
Come in.
Oh, but I'm always intruding...
HESITANT
And it kind of seems like you're angry...
What are you going on about?
You intend to make me break down these vegetables by myself?
Help me!
R-Right!
Here. For starters, peel the outer layer off of all these onions.
After that, remove the strings from the string beans.
Have you done it before?
Yes. I can do that.
I'm no good, huh?
You didn't do a single thing wrong!
You helped your friend!
Be proud of yourself!
Grandpa made a strong declaration like that,
but I...
Hina...
Sis, what should I have done?
I hesitated that time.
I couldn't say something to Hina like Grandpa did.
Far from it. I asked her, Why?
Why didn't you tell me this before?
Why couldn't you have handled it more smoothly?
Why?
Akari...
Grandpa told me this afterward.
I thought the same thing.
I think of the safety of a kid in my own family before a kid in another family.
That's only natural. Everyone is that way.
But think about it.
Did Hina do anything wrong?
No, right?
Hina is suffering plenty as it is.
So if we ask her, Why did you do that? on top of everything else, she'll feel lost.
More than anything, shouldn't we praise Hina for her courage
and sense of justice for standing by her friend, even though she knew
it might make her the next target?
Ever since our Mom died,
I've been the surrogate mom for Hina and Momo.
I didn't know anything at 19.
But Mom was counting on me.
So I tried as hard as I could.
Think about the people who are around you, too.
Be kind to people.
I've been pushing ham-fisted advice on her.
But when push came to shove, this is what happens.
I thought, I don't care about justice. I just wanted her to run away.
Even though Hina was hanging in there for the sake of her friend,
Akari...
You... You've got it wrong.
What you felt was normal.
No one wants a family member to go through a painful experience.
After all, the one who's been watching over Hina the most...
is you, Akari.
I've been alone ever since I was a little kid.
But the thought of someone extending a helping hand was so terrifying.
I couldn't ask for anyone's help.
But that day, even though Hina said she was scared,
she was just as certain that she had no regrets and didn't do anything wrong.
It's like she was trying to convince herself.
At the time, I realized that she had saved me.
That Hina was my savior...
So you, who raised Hina to be a girl with so much courage,
you're my savior too, Akari.
Is curry all right for dinner?
Yes.
I should make a lot.
I'm sure they'll come home hungry.
We're home!
Guess what?! Pikatoo was there!
RAWRR
And I rode on a panda!
Hey, wait, Momo! You need to take your shoes off!
- Hold still now! - Oh, it's Rei.
What the heck, kid? You're here today, too?
Don't you visit too much?
I know!
I'll go home!
Hey, Grandpa!
Don't take me seriously, idiot!
Pain in the neck. Eat, eat!
That's right, Kiriyama.
Sorry.
Don't apologize!
You're making me look like a bad guy here!
Here.
I won it at a ball toss game.
I thought it looked like you.
I thought it might be childish, but...
No, I'm touched.
I love it!
Okay, wash your hands.
Dinner's ready!
Okay!
Confession
Next Episode Preview
Episode 28
Cherries!
Kiriyama came to have instructional matches with us.
It's called communicating, Kiriyama.
Kiriyama, are you sure that's all you want?
Can you tell me about your school? It can be about anything.
ILLUSTRATION: BUKUBU OHKAWA
Kiriyama! I've been waiting for you to become passionate!
I'll accompany you until the very end!
