It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode 4
House, Unmasked
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) Shoplifting Family and Masked Mansion
This is a curse!
Are you suggesting the cursed father and son were both murdered?!
I'm the famous detective, Yuuki Shinjurou.
Mystery of the masks?
I was overlooking something important.
The murderer is in this room!
Who is the murderer?
There's no point in trying to deceive me now, Sasa Kazamori.
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
Sasa Itoji
Widow of the Late Sasa Komamori
Sasa Fumihiko
Son of the Late Sasa Komamori
Sasa Mitsuko
Daughter of the Late Sasa Komamori
Sasa Kigihiko
Younger Brother of the Late Sasa Komamori
Inga
Detective's Assistant
Kaishou Rie
Kaishou Rinroku's Daughter Lives at Home
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
What are you talking about? Sasa Kazamori was the victim!
No one's in here.
I know!
I don't understand.
Detective, what are you trying to say?
You'd be better off asking your mother and uncle.
I-I don't know what you mean!
Th-That's right...
I've known it for years now. There is no Kazamori!
Sister!
Don't tell me you killed Brother a long time ago...
Don't be absurd!
Look!
This is Kazamori!
A RAI, created by Komamori.
The program that can imitate humans.
When necessary, it made an appearance by inhabiting this doll.
Otherwise, it was like that, entering devices throughout the house, watching us!
Brother Kazamori...
Dr. Taku wasn't a doctor.
He was a maintenance technician,
hired by Komamori to keep Kazamori in good working order.
When I confronted him, he quickly confessed.
Taku Hidenobu
Live-in Doctor
You knew...
Why didn't you say anything?!
Brother... I mean, Kazamori was a machine?!
Why did you leave Dad's fortune and company in his hands?!
It was more convenient that way.
We stumbled to the truth of Kazamori's identity
after my brother died.
But by then, Kazamori had already been acknowledged
as the president of the group.
What do you think would've happened if he'd been exposed?
The value of the company would've plummeted,
and even if we'd be able to collect the inheritance,
we'd have to pay tax on it again.
On the other hand, by leaving Kazamori as President,
you two were able to operate freely in his name.
And that's why you stayed silent?!
Fumihiko and I always thought this... was our brother...
You're fools for not noticing.
We didn't do anything wrong!
It was this country that outlawed my husband's research!
Either way, according to existing law, only humans
are allowed to collect inheritances and represent companies.
A thorough investigation will be made in those regards.
However... There's one thing I don't understand.
Who died?
All we know from the coroner's report
is that the victim was a Japanese male in his late 20's.
Dr. Taku called the victim Kazamori.
On the spur of the moment, I went along with it.
I thought if that corpse were accepted as Kazamori,
then Fumihiko would be able to inherit everything.
But we didn't murder anyone!
If anyone did any killing...
Sasa Kazamori, you're coming to the station
as a suspect in the murder of an unknown victim!
Thank you, Shinjurou.
Let's go.
Handle that gently.
It's a valuable program.
I figured you'd realized...
Are you still exercising the right to silence...
Who are you two?
I'm a detective and this is my assistant.
Did you take me out of there
knowing that I transferred to this doll's data bank?
After all, if we'd left you there, you would've been arrested!
Isn't your data still in that refrigerator, too?
I deleted it the moment I transferred to this doll.
Just in case, I destroyed all of the data banks in there.
I was originally made as a consumer product,
so my specs don't allow me to be copied.
Think about a more nutritional balance, such as toast or fruit...
Sasa Komamori was the only engineer who could create
artificial intelligence that perfectly copied human thought.
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
What made him brilliant was how he dispersed a huge quantity of data
to the world's networks as an omnipresent distributed system,
where only the main controlling program is held in the actual body.
If it was just the main program, he could even download it
to this refrigerator, say, or a cell phone's memory bank.
Did you realize the truth?
That Kazamori was the RAI program created by Sasa Komamori?
Don't be silly.
RAI is outlawed under the New Information Privacy and Protection Act
and as such, may no longer be manufactured or sold.
If I knew of the existence of such tech, I would report it to you immediately.
But of course.
So, do you think a RAI could kill someone?
Hmm... That's a difficult question.
I wonder what the identity of the charred corpse is...
There's a simple way to learn that.
How about running a DNA test?
Checking it against our criminal database? But...
Although I'm sure the case will eventually be reported
as Kazamori committing suicide...
Bitch!
Eat this!
As you have clearly seen from the video evidence, RAI robots in circulation
are being used for wanton cruelty or satisfying the desires of sexual deviants.
We've arrived at the conclusion that this technology
is interfering with the wholesome upbringing of young people.
Will they be banned?
Even sterner measures will be taken.
The New Information Privacy and Protection Act is an evil law
that was obviously created just to outlaw my RAI!
Who has RAI hurt?!
What's the harm in taking pleasure from watching RAI bodies
destroy each other or even make love to each other?!
They're not humans!
As shown in the clip, Mr. Sasa asserts that RAI users
Sasa Komamori, Creator of RAI The New Information Privacy and Protection Act is an evil law
are free to do what they please with their robots.
Person or Machine? Legal regulations are necessary
Exclusive Shocking scoop!
That idol is hooked! RAI Love
To be honest... it's a little grotesque, isn't it?
But the RAI only do what they're ordered.
I just can't believe that my brother, Kazamori, would murder someone...
Prosecutor Koyama sent us to confiscate evidence.
Um, right now, my mother and brother are with the police...
Please let us in.
Where are you going?
I'm the last RAI in the world.
I must continue my existence.
There's still something I want to ask you.
What's this about?
My thanks for getting me out of there safely.
A little bonus for a job well done? But with that body...
I know how to satisfy no matter what body I am in.
The data that is my true form is dispersed in computers all over the world,
where it lives like a parasite and continues to grow, even now.
What do humans want to know? What should they become?
And what are they looking for?
Squeeze! Tighter!
Pull off my arms. Crush my eyes!
Tear me into pieces.
Do what you want with me.
I'm sorry. Shinjurou can't be satisfied by anyone other than me.
What are you?
You've got all the knowledge in the world at your disposal, don't you?
Why not run a search?
I don't know.
I eat souls, the feelings left by humans...
Are you going to eat me, too?
We'll see...
Answer me. Who is that corpse?
Nothing! It must not work on him'cause he's not a person.
Who are you covering for?
We may be able to help you.
Why? I'm not a person, but a RAI, prohibited by law.
So why would you...?
Kazamori... You don't lie, do you?
You've been telling just the truth this whole time.
In that case, you should also really be able to say whether you killed a person.
But you don't say anything. That means...
Public Security Force...
Let's go!
What's wrong?
Those people are the city's security, aren't they?
Yuuki Shinjurou...
Did you take something out of the Sasa house?
I've finally figured it out.
What?
Who the burned man was.
If it wasn't someone from in the house,
it had to be someone who came from outside.
What I wanted to know was which group he belonged to.
The Public Security Force is a militia
that's still under the direction of the military.
Perhaps the rumors of you being a detective who always fails are mistaken.
W-What is this?!
The war has come back!
The doctor's in here?
He must've known the truth about Kazamori, too.
Please stop! The doctor's been burned...
Detective?
What are you doing in here?!
Move! We're with the prosecutor's office!
The prosecutor's office...
During the war, the prosecutor's office had deep connections
to domestic politics, and their power expanded.
But I didn't know you were allowed to carry guns.
It's totally obvious!
That corpse came from outside, the same as you.
Stop it!
Dr. Taku!
He's a RAI?!
The doctor wasn't human either...
I'm Koyama with the Public Prosecutor's Office, Joint Coordinating Dept.
To identify the wartime identity of the man who was burned to death,
his DNA was checked against the data of every registered civil servant...
Neither of us wants that to go public.
You understand, don't you?
And in exchange, you're going to take that thing away?
It's a good deal.
Say what you like. You're the ones who failed first.
Wow! Izumi-chan, that was so cool!
What does this mean?
Even Dr. Taku...!
If the charred corpse wasn't Kazamori, a new question is raised.
What's the identity of the corpse?
And how was he set on fire?
If a mechanical body held fast to him and set him afire...
Then Kazamori's program entered this body...
Kazamori is right here.
But this thing moved...
Then one more RAI?
No. Kazamori said he was the last RAI.
And he doesn't lie.
Then who's controlling this body?!
Brilliant deductions, Defeated Detective...
Pardon me, but would you bring me Kazamori?
It's good to see you back, Kazamori.
At this distance, even wireless, there's no problem.
Here, Kazamori. Return to your body.
What's wrong, Kazamori?
This is your body.
Oh, my... Are you Sasa Komamori?!
Father?
Sasa Komamori
Creator of RAI
Hi, Mitsuko.
F-Father...
What are you crying for?
After all... I thought you died seven years ago...
Oh, that's right. Sorry, sorry...
I watched you through Taku's eyes every day,
so it doesn't feel like it's been a long time.
Why have you done this?!
Oh, you're Kaishou's daughter, aren't you?
I think this is our first meeting.
Why are you acting so foolishly?!
Didn't you die in an explosion?
You deceived Mitsuko-san and the rest of your family,
and Kazamori-san was a RAI, too!
Why would you do that?!
Do you know the real aim of the New Information Privacy and Protection Act?
You're a public prosecutor, right? What have you heard?
The reason is...
and other affronts to public order and standards of decency,
which was having an effect on young people...
That's only the excuse they used!
They banned the distribution of RAI because they wanted to have a monopoly.
For military use...
For military use?
True, it would be possible for superior AI to be put to use as weapons.
That's why I made it look like I died.
Why go that far...?
I didn't want to hurt anyone!
If my RAI had been used in the war, there would've been even more casualties,
both enemies and allies!
I couldn't let that happen!
But the intelligence service didn't give up on RAI.
And two nights ago, a spy finally broke through your security system
and entered the grounds.
One man who had no business being here.
So he had to have come from outside.
I just didn't know right away if he was police or military.
A spy...
His DNA matched with a member of
the Self-Defense Force's Insurrection Countermeasures Office.
You noticed the intruder and burned him to death to cover your tracks.
They came after all this time, thinking I might still be alive.
But Kazamori found him.
Do you intend to say that Kazamori killed him?
Then how about the real Dr. Taku,
whose remains were most likely taken for yours seven years ago?
What if I said that Kazamori killed him, too, on his own?
You're gonna blame everything on Kazamori?!
I made Kazamori.
I can do with him as I like.
You make me sick.
I make you sick? I often heard that seven years ago.
There were many people who would kill or rape robots
that had my RAI installed, and worse things I dare not even speak of!
But all humans more or less go whole hog in their pursuit
of what they take to be beautiful or fun.
If this single-mindedness is exerted on another person, it's a crime.
But we're talking about robots here!
So who gets hurt?
Makes me sick is silly talk from someone who won't recognize his own desires!
I was... on a battlefield.
I saw a lot of different things there.
So I think I understand what you're saying.
What do you mean?!
Humans love beautiful things and fun things.
We love extravagances and luxuries, so when a scientific genius
translates our ideals into reality, it's like the nouveau riche
building a mansion; Everyone's true character is revealed,
and no one should be scorned for it in the least.
Th-That's right!
I was just looking for something beautiful to love and fun to do.
This is a much more honest way to go about it than war.
Just as humans love beautiful and enjoyable things
and luxuries, there's one more...
The love of what's right.
What's right?
Call it justice if you like.
Men love beautiful women, women look for extravagances...
People are beings where a love of what's right goes hand in hand
with a desire to do all manner of evil acts.
And what of it?
Yesterday, when Itoji and Kigihiko were about to be blamed for the murder,
a surveillance camera made a sound, and as a result,
the two of them were proven innocent.
You did that, didn't you, Kazamori?
Is that true, Brother?
Idiotic! Why would he do that?!
You don't know?
Brother Kazamori did the right thing.
So the wrong people wouldn't be arrested...
Everyone has desires they can't tell anyone about.
It goes without saying.
But where is your sense of what's right?
Here! Kazamori, did you kill anyone?
Kazamori!
It'll be reported that Kazamori committed suicide,
but you're going to be taken into custody by the Joint Coordinating Dept.
All I did was break what I made!
Father...
Miss Kaishou, please remember what you promised me.
I should've eaten that guy!
Let's go home.
Shinjurou!
Kazamori, what are you gonna do?
Is there something I can do?
We're just living... and falling.
Okay.
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
The next episode is inspired by a story called The Phantom Tower,
from Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories.
I can't read the story out loud?
Why not?
Huh? The name Shimada Ikunoshin has been changed
into Shimada Hakurou for the manga.
What's that about?
Isn't the one we're in called a TV manga?
Izumi-chan said that if you read Noitamina backwards, it means TV manga.
It's not?!
You just can't trust bureaucrats!
Next time on UN-GO, The Phantom Statue!
The Phantom Statue
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) The Phantom Tower
And why did that name chan-
