Thanks to you, I've awakened.
This time for sure, see.
So now I have a favor to ask of my partner.
Do you mind?
Let's hear it.
Could you buy me just a little bit of time?
There's something I want to try out.
All right. I'll see what I can do.
But...
I can't sustain it for too long.
Well, well, Gluhen Rose, what are you doing here by yourself?
Never Back Down
Surely you're not planning to take us on alone?
Is that a problem?
I see we're being grossly underestimated.
Yes... What a sad thought, Shenyun.
If I were you, I wouldn't underestimate me too much, either!
Burst into bloom, Ranunculus!
I see.
So she was after the talismans.
But are you sure about this?
Can you protect your partner while you're focusing on that move?
I won't let you get in Ayato's way!
All right, then what do you say to this?
Go!
So it's an illusion!
I see.
Letting the illusion go past is a wise way to endure them.
All right, then I'll take this opportunity to target your partner.
Sorry...
Damn!
Of course it hurts.
That's where I got a direct hit on you with my Gossamer Attack earlier.
You know how you should be aware of your opponent's breathing
and smallest gestures during a battle?
You expand your senses to your surroundings, not only your opponent.
Well, under the Amagiri Shinmei Style, we call this state VijNna.
VijNna...
Since humans tend to hit a wall when their outlook grows narrow,
it's important to look at all kinds of things from all kinds of angles.
Why didn't you go after my badge?
My aim was a little off, that's all.
I see!
Then I'm going to make you regret it!
Come out...
Semiserrata!
You're blowing yourself up?!
I really wanted to keep this under wraps a little longer, but...
So you can resist your own powers.
Really, now, I'm astonished!
The rumors don't do you justice, Gluhen Rose.
You were too careless just now, Shenhua.
I'm sorry, Shenyun.
What do you say we wrap this up now?
I do need to thank you for making me break out in a cold sweat.
What's wrong, Gluhen Rose?!
Aren't you going to fight back?!
What a one-sided attack!
B-But...
since she's unable to move, shouldn't she just target her badge?
This is way too...
Looks like she's trying to win by rendering her unconscious.
But I can see that Shenyun is holding back somewhat in her attack.
Apparently, she doesn't intend to let her black out so easily.
You love to feel pain, don't you?!
Ayato!
When you're in trouble, you should lean on someone else.
Aside from me, I'm sure there are other people who'd help you out.
Well, then,
who's going to protect you?
Look at you now!
Why don't we end this now,
Gluhen Rose?!
What's going on?
Sorry to keep you waiting, Julis.
You're late, Ayato!
Were you able to break the seal completely?
No. I just managed to get to the second level, I think.
And it's not like it gave me a power-up or anything.
But this amount of Prana...
It's just that I can store all my leaked Prana internally now.
But I think it's extended my limit by that much.
How long do you think you'll last?
Let's see...
Probably over an hour.
I see. In that case, can I leave the rest to you?
To be honest, I've reached my own limit.
Sure.
You two are one surprise after another, aren't you?
Now, then...
All right.
Impossible... you can see them, then?
In that case...
What do say to this?!
What the...
Amagiri Shinmei Style Hidden Technique...
Banish Evil Spirits...
No way...
Now that it's come to this...
That's an explosive sphere woven from all the talismans I had!
Hope you enjoy it!
Needless to say, this is an illusion.
Only one is genuine.
Well, I'm sure you can see right through them now...
But what about this one?
Ayato! Don't worry about me! Just focus on getting her!
Would you mind keeping quiet for a minute, Gluhen Rose?!
Ayato!
True to form to the bitter end, huh, Shenyun Li?
That's right!
That's what I like to see, Murakumo!
Both of you can just get blasted to hell!
There's no need to dodge.
What the...
I-Impossible...
I have to say, you did piss me off a little.
So at least let me do that.
Shenyun Li has lost consciousness!
Therefore, Ayato Amagiri and Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld are your winners!
Now that was an enjoyable match!
Ayato Amagiri...
I would be thrilled to meet you.
Congratulations, Your Highness! Mr. Amagiri!
You were totally, totally amazing!
I was so excited!
Thanks, Flora.
Calm down a bit, Flora.
I see you're as spunky as usual, Flora.
That sets my mind at ease.
Did you know Flora from before, Claudia?
Yes, I've met her as Julis's maid-in-waiting several times.
Lady Enfield is always so kind!
- I see. - Now, then...
Congratulations to you both on reaching the semifinals.
Seidoukan Academy has more points than we'd projected.
As a representative of the school, I'd like to express my joy and gratitude.
Hey, it's nothing you need to thank us for.
Of course,
I'd like to express my heartfelt congratulations and gratitude to you,
not just as a representative of the school, but personally, as well.
Now, then, please come to my room tonight.
- Come along! - H-Hey, wait!
Right, then! Away we go!
H-Hold up!
What kind of proposition is that, all of a sudden?!
In order to restore Ayato's vitality before tomorrow's semifinal match,
I've prepared to offer him some hospitality.
Don't just drag him away like that!
Ayato and I are going to discuss our strategy for tomorrow!
No, no, what Ayato needs right now is rest!
- No way! Strategy meeting! - It's not fair, Julis!
H-Hey, come on... both of you!
This year's Festa has a greater popularity than we expected.
At this point,
we've already surpassed last year's figures for both the box office and attendance.
Permitting Arlequint's surrogates to compete was a masterstroke!
Haruka's younger brother, huh?
What?
No, never mind.
Thank you for your report.
Excuse me, sir.
Now, then...
On to the semifinals!
What is that?
This is my good luck charm.
It's a magical ticket that will grant you any wish you desire.
How wonderful!
Oh, then were you just wishing for victory in today's match?
No.
This is just a good luck charm.
Today's victory is something you and I are going to achieve on our own.
You're right.
Sorry about that.
Kirin?
Uh, yes? What is it?
Thank you.
What? Wh-What's this, all of a sudden?
I only made it this far because of you. I'm grateful for that.
P-Please! Don't say things like that!
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
Because my wish to save my father is about to come true.
Your father...
This is something I want you to know, Kirin.
Yes?
My father lost most of his body in an accident at the lab where he worked.
Fortunately, his brain was unscathed,
so now he's hooked up to the nerve center in the workshop he built at home.
You don't have to feel bad for him.
Now that he's free to research what he wants to,
my father says he's happier.
What he wants to?
Making guns for me.
For you, Saya?
That's right.
So in a way, what Camilla Pareto said was on the mark.
Because this power wasn't created for others, but for me alone.
And that's precisely why I can't forgive anyone who would reject that notion.
Hey, there, girls!
Long time no see!
What do you want?
Oh, my, that's pretty cold!
Camilla says there's something she just has to tell you before the match, so...
It's been a long time, Saya Sasamiya.
What can I say? It seems that I misread you slightly,
so I thought I'd tell you.
Misread me?
Yes, I realized it when I saw your match.
When viewed separately, those Luxes of yours are all defective.
But when you look at them, including yourself, as a single weapon,
I must admit that they're without peer.
Then...
However...
That actually means they're prone to causing more organic instability.
Like I said, they're not for actual combat.
Then, I'll make you acknowledge them by taking out your clones.
That's impossible.
S-Saya!
That said...
If, by any chance, you two should win,
I'll take back what I said the other day.
Ferrovius and I have poured
all the technology we've developed into AR-D and RM-C's equipment.
So if you do manage to defeat them,
I can't say your Luxes aren't suited for actual combat.
See ya!
Let's go, Kirin.
Right!
Listen to me!
We're going to grant you...
a one-minute grace period today, too!
There it is! He said it again!
AR-D's trademark declaration!
After making this same declaration in all of their matches,
they've won within approximately one minute!
A team that's reached the quarterfinals and is also riding a wave of momentum...
Let's see if the Sasamiya-Toudou duo can hold its own here, too!
- Kirin, I'm leaving that one to you. - Right.
You show them a thing or two.
Phoenix Festa Semifinals, Match 1...
Battle start!
Kirin Toudou... here I go!
Kirin Toudou, huh?
What about it?
If your intent is to breach my defensive barrier,
then it would make sense for Saya Sasamiya to take me on with her Lux.
This is just my advice.
You can switch now, or else launch a two-pronged attack
Then...
Would you like to try me?
Whether or not this Senbakiri and I are no match for you...
Please find out yourself.
Very well. If you insist, then go ahead and try it.
It's futile.
So long as you're human, you can never hope to surpass me in terms of reflexes.
I see, now it's clear.
That's enough for me.
Didn't you hear me say it was futile?
What?!
Whoa, whoa!
How incredible is that?!
At last, at last,
AR-D has come under attack for the first time in this tournament!
Ridiculous... It's not possible!
Please take back what you said earlier.
What?
And let's fight fair and square.
What's that supposed to mean?
Please don't mock us...
That's what I mean.
If you're planning to keep that up until the end...
I'll put an end to it with my next strike.
C-Can you believe it?!
Now AR-D's on the attack!
It's been 56 seconds since his declaration! The minute isn't up yet!
Splendid!
As far as this matter is concerned, you've defeated me soundly.
Allow me to retract what I said!
If you don't mind, I'd like you to explain to me what kind of technique that was.
It worked because you're a machine.
What does that mean?
You used my data and movements to predict how I'd attack,
and threw up that defensive barrier, didn't you?
Yes, that's exactly right.
The Toudou Style features a technique
in which you lead your opponent on by reading the breathing,
sight lines, distance and muscle movements.
When two experienced swordsmen meet in battle,
they try to get various reads on each other in a split second.
But because you're a machine, you tend to merely react to my movements.
In other words, your lack of combat experience is fatal!
That's my Kirin.
I don't understand it.
The fact that you didn't launch a single attack during this minute.
Wouldn't it be fair to say that you're the ones mocking us?
All I wanted was to fight you when you were going all-out.
Otherwise...
it would be pointless for me.
41-type Lux, Twin Particle Cannons, Waldenholt!
Burst.
U-Unbelievable!
A single shot from Sasamiya ends in a clean hit against RM-C!
As you can see, I'm ready to go, too.
Give me your best shot.
Both Lady Sasamiya and Lady Toudou are amazing!
Hey.
Now, then, Ayato,
if you're spent from fighting, come to my room...
Just you and me...
- Kaboom! - Oh, my!
This is how you greedily usurp what little screen time Enfield has...
Episode 17 The Tyrants Puppet Strings
As Ayato's childhood friend, I'm the true heroine!
