Second Dish
Episode 2
Yukihira Soma
The victor in the first match of the Autumn Elections is...
Yukihira Soma
Glad you liked it!
He won!
Woohoo!
C'mon, don't cry like a kid just because you lost.
Stand up.
Thank
Guess I'm now one step ahead of you
in the fight to become one of the next Elite Ten.
What?!
Don't act all high and mighty just because you won!
Let me tell you, this isn't the last you'll see of me!
I'm not going to let you have the top seat at Totsuki!
Have a good day, Yukihira-kun!
The limits of your strengths were made apparent.
What? What? What?!
I guess you're a genius not only at cooking,
but also at insults!
You do realize you're complimenting my cooking?
Listen!
Just wait till I get my revenge!
Stupid Erina!
I envy you.
You can just cry like that whenever you want.
Soma-kun.
I was watching from the waiting room.
Congratulations!
Thanks, Tadokoro.
It's your turn, huh?
You look pretty calm.
Am I?
I guess so!
See, I could only think of trying my best in the prelims.
But now, I'm hoping to enjoy my own cooking.
It's the first time I've felt this way!
I see.
Well, try not to get too tense.
Good luck!
Thanks!
Your cooking's too pretty, as usual.
Are you trying to lecture me?
Know your place!
I believe I do know my place.
Anyway, miss... you should save that line
for when you beat me in cooking.
Next is the second match in the first round!
The candidates are coming in!
Here is our dark horse candidate, Candidate Tadokoro Megumi,
Good luck!
who passed the Block B preliminaries at the very last minute!
Her opponent is Candidate Kurokiba Ryo,
who was tied with Candidate Yukihira Soma for second place
in the Block A preliminaries!
The theme...
Round 2 Ramen
Let the cooking begin!
The Interplay of Light and Shadow
That concludes the general overview.
Previous Day
One last thing: we'll provide the noodles.
The match is tomorrow, after all.
We made the noodles in advance to let them rest.
Noodle Type Thickness 1) Straight Noodles 2) Curly Noodles 3) Flat/Wide Noodles 4) Egg Noodles
Choose which type of noodles you want before the day's end, and let us
I'll choose this one from wide noodles.
Are you sure that's your final choice?
It'll be fine.
I already know what kind of ramen I'll be making.
He already figured that out just now?
Tadokoro-chan, there's no need to rush.
You just need to tell us by midnight.
O-Okay.
Since the organizers will prepare the noodles,
maybe that means they want us to focus on the broth.
Let's Make Ramen
An Introduction to the Art
Make ramen served at famous shops!
Recipes II
The broth is constituted by its base, the stock, the concentrated sauce, also known as kaeshi,
and various infused oils and spices.
If those components fail to complement each other,
the flavor will be fragmented.
The noodles Kurokiba-kun selected have an oval cross-section
with a notable elasticity.
Wide noodles are typically paired with rich, strong flavors.
Maybe that means Kurokiba-kun intends to make a very rich broth.
To counter that, should I also make broth with an equally strong flavor?
First things first, I have to start testing!
It's no good!
When I try to make a rich broth, the flavors don't come together.
What should I do?
Megumi!
You have a package from your home.
What?
Megumi,
congratulations on proceeding to the main tournament of the Autumn Elections.
Though I can't come cheer you on because of work,
I wish you the best of luck.
I'm sending you ingredients from home.
Mom...
Iriko Shiitake Dried Squid
Wow, all of this brings back memories...
So many ingredients I used to cook with back home!
I'll use the ingredients my mom sent me in the match!
Umm...
Megumi Love
Megumi
Megumi Love
Megumi
Polar Star
That spot's got a weird splashy vibe going on...
Oh, Yukihira, over here!
Why do they write names on fans, Bro?
It's one of Japan's mysteries.
Hmm...
Ramen...
noodles, toppings, and soup.
You just keep the challenging topics coming year after year, don't you?
Indeed.
Ramen enjoyed an explosive popularity after the war, during the recovery period.
The popularity was due to their affordable taste,
Ramen
and the ease of access, thanks to noodle carts.
And now, ramen has become a Japanese cuisine that has gone global.
There's limitless potential for the depth of flavor and amount of effort spent preparing it.
And we're asking contestants to perfect it all in a single night,
on such a big stage!
In essence, what is being tested in this match
is flexibility and explosive power!
How well can they bring the experience and aptitude
that they've nurtured thus far to bear on the topic at hand?
Kurokiba Ryo made seafood curry in the preliminaries.
I wonder what he's making for the main tournament.
That broth is based on stock taken entirely from fish heads and bones!
Scorpionfish, conger eel, flounder, and red gurnard...
So the ramen will have a seafood broth!
A-ha!
All the strong flavors of fish guts and shrimp innards...
It seems he has been able to avoid any fishiness thus far! Well done.
Like I thought, Kurokiba-kun is making a rich broth from seafood.
Scallops!
Megumi is using dried scallops to make her stock.
Add strained paitan soup to the stock...
Wait, so Megumi's also making a seafood broth?
No, they may both be using seafood,
but in contrast to Kurokiba Ryo's rich broth,
Tadokoro-san chose a light broth!
But can her broth compete against the impact of Kurokiba's rich broth?
Of course it can!
Megumi's hometown is a harbor town!
She's his equal in terms of seafood knowledge!
Very interesting.
So it's two people who grew up in harbor towns against each other.
Right, a fishing port...
What?!
Nakiri Alice?!
Wh-Why are you here?!
Huh? Am I not allowed?
You said they're both from harbor towns?
That's right!
Ryo-kun grew up next to the sea.
A huge pile of lobster and sweet shrimp shells?
Is he going to use them for stock, too?
What the hell?!
He's crushing the shells into powder!
10 Years Ago
There's a place that's popular in the sailors' watering hole district.
Really? I want to check it out.
I'd advise against it!
You'll lose everything you have to a savage!
Now that I've finally left Japan,
I should try to experience a lot of different flavors.
This must be the place.
What, a customer?
The place is on break right now.
Get your food somewhere else
Then I'll just wait inside!
Wow, it's so dirty in here!
I know! Since I'm here, can you introduce me to the chef?
You won't get to do as you please here.
The chef of this place...
What?
A chef?
That's right.
Ryo-kun has been the head chef since he was very young.
That's the kind of chef he is.
M-Megumi's the same way!
She has the experience of helping out at her kitchen back home, too!
Polar Star
Megumi!
Don't let any of this get to you!
Polar Star
We've got your back!
What the hell's that?
O-Oh, they're friends from my dorm...
I don't like this at all.
I feel sick to my stomach whenever I see a bunch of chefs palling around!
Chefs are all about winning or being beaten.
There can be nothing else!
Are you... sure about that?
What?
Isn't it important for people to work together in cooking, too?
The kitchen is a battlefield.
Cooking is about power!
You wouldn't understand because you were sheltered as a kid.
All your cooking needs to do is to bring your opponents to their knees.
That's it.
People who don't get that can only make food with weak flavor!
Get that through your thick skull!
The cooking the rest of you have been doing is just trasha game of pretend.
You're wrong.
What I...
At least, what I've encountered is...
The vegetables have been parboiled.
Mix two types of soy sauce together,
then keep the temperature around 80 degrees Celsius to preserve the flavor.
All right!
Good, she's staying calm.
Yup.
She's getting each task done without wasting any time.
What determines ramen's flavor is the stock.
There can be no cloudiness in the light broth she chose for her dish.
Beautiful.
It shines, and it is crystal clear.
Don't say bad things about the people
who have... encouraged me!
That was just me... trying to say something...
Okay, it's close to the time limit!
Who will finish first?
All right!
Whoa, what?
Look at the judges...
What's about to start?
Eh, watching the chef work at the counter in a ramen shop
is one of the pleasures of ramen.
C-Cooking right in front of the Devil of Food?
Hey!
Don't pressure Megumi!
Don't worry. She's staying calm.
It's even more beautiful and fragrant up close!
The toppings seem to be mostly vegetables.
This looks promising.
I think things are going her way.
Yeah.
Okay, Megumi!
Barrel right along to a win!
That's right. That's Ryo-kun right there.
You...
You're not from around here.
Don't be so rude!
I have a nameI'm Alice!
Uh-huh.
You should tell me your name, too!
Ryo.
Ryo?
What's your family name?
Kurokiba.
Oh, it sounds kind of Japanese.
So. You'd better have money to pay for the food.
Of course I do.
That's fine, then.
Man, I'm starving.
What should I eat today?
The regulars are showing up.
There's still time until we open for dinner,
but I guess it's okay. Let's do this.
What?
He's... changed!
Line up!
Pay up and listen up.
If you can follow those two rules, I'll serve you food.
I'll open up the place!
Too slow!
I told you to prioritize stuffing the chicken for prepwork!
It's because you tried to multitask without having the skills to do it
that you fall behind!
Forget it.
You guys can just go take orders from customers!
I can't stand it anymore!
What's with your attitude?!
Don't you dare think you're better than adults!
Oh, yeah?
Are you saying you can put better food on the table than me?
I can fill your spot just fine all by myself if I have to.
I'm sorry, Chef.
Here it comes!
It's the best!
I can't leave land without having eaten Ryo's food!
Candidate Kurokiba seems to have finished first!
Hey, what is that?
What's on top?
Wait a minute... is that rusk?
Go on, dig in.
It's Soupe de Poisson Ramen!
Soupe de Poisson...
It's a southern French soup based on stock made from
fish heads, bones, and the shells of shellfish.
He adapted it into ramen?
First...
The innards of shrimp and fish form a rich, cohesive taste...
What ferocious flavor!
Allow me to tangle these noodles into the soup and try them!
Oh god!
It's making me feel faint!
The umami is so violent!
The toppings consist of three types of cheese,
rouille made from aioli sauce with added chili peppers,
and tempura batter bits acting as crouton stand-ins!
And there's the rusk we saw earlier!
It's been smeared with Echire butter, then toasted golden brown.
I see!
He was crushing dried shells containing concentrated flavor!
So you've finally realized what's going on.
That crushed powder is everywhere in this ramen,
from the soup stock to the butter on the rusk!
The umami factors in shrimp are glycine, algine, and proline.
Crustaceans have the highest concentration of those factors among all seafood.
He pulverized shells containing all that umami
and used the powder directly in the dish,
so of course the result is incredibly delicious.
I see.
It's so flavorful that it's almost violently so.
For this man, having others eat his food...
He's spent his whole life making everyone concede defeat.
How long are you gonna keep putting on your airs, old man?
It's just you and me now.
Very well!
He went bare-chested without posing!
This is a rare occurrence!
You've got some balls forcing me to go bare-chested,
I'll give you that.
Megumi's about to get her dish evaluated,
but the crowd's just so...
Kurokiba wasn't just shaking water out of his noodles earlier.
The crowd's heightening interest toward Tadokoro-san's dish,
curiosity,
and the shift in mood...
He shook all that off, too.
Megumi can't be having an easy time in all this.
No, not so fast.
Imagine that you're separating the noodles from the strainer,
and severing the surface tension...
Megumi!
She's not letting herself get overwhelmed by what's going on.
Yes, she's staying focused.
She only sees what she's making.
She reminds me of Yukihira-kun somehow.
Here is my dish.
Please have a taste!
Hm, it is an impressive light-broth ramen that is also pleasing to the eye.
But after having tasted Kurokiba Ryo's rich seafood ramen,
how can hers possibly measure up to its impact?
So strong.
Such powerful umami!
What?
Isn't it supposed to be a light broth?
What is this sweet umami I am detecting in the clean flavor?
This combination of ingredients...
It's kozuyu!
Yes!
This dish used kozuyu as a base.
Finished with the addition of paitan soup and a soy sauce mix,
this is my Kozuyu Chicken Soy Sauce Ramen!
Kozuyu...
Kozuyu is a traditional regional cuisine of Aizu.
It's a celebratory dish made from scallop stock.
So you adapted a regional dish into ramen!
With the scallops playing a central role,
the flavor rests on the solid foundation provided by the paitan soup.
In addition, the kaeshi employs of a mix of light soy sauce and white soy sauce,
which has a pronounced sweetness.
It pairs perfectly with kozuyu, which is also seasoned with soy sauce!
That still doesn't account for all the umami.
Where is the rest coming from?
It comes from vegetables.
Vegetables?
The shiitake mushrooms, burdock root, and green beans you see in the topping
were all dried ingredients that were simmered.
I see!
Drying vegetables concentrates their umami!
Their flavor profiles would change completely from before!
All that umami has dissolved into the broth!
I see.
It's Tadokoro's specialty!
The delicate sweetness specific to vegetables!
Who could have foreseen that it could create such a pure,
yet powerful broth?
I'm so happy, I can't stop smiling!
Oh, before you finish the noodles,
please try the paste in the small bowl.
Add as much as you'd like to the broth.
The acidity is eye-opening!
It brings the flavors together even tighter still!
What is this?!
I combined Aizu chicken meat
with thinly sliced white part of scallions and pickled plums, along with seasoning.
I thought it'd allow for a fun change of flavor.
It doesn't just change the flavor!
It harmonizes with the kozuyu's delicate flavors,
and heightens the sweetness from the vegetables!
Hey, that ramen of yours!
Let me try it!
O-Okay!
What a surprise!
Even though both dishes are seafood ramen, she was able to create this much umami,
despite taking the dish
in a completely different direction than Kurokiba Ryo's Soup de Poisson!
I know I can't possibly create a strong flavor like what you might expect
from rich seafood or pork bone stock.
It requires great expertise, from preventing fishiness to adjusting the flavors.
But I thought I could manage to make a strong balanced ramen
if I used kozuyu as a base,
and emphasized the umami of scallops and vegetables!
You knew I'd make a rich type of ramen,
and you deliberately chose this dish to compete with mine.
This match is getting interesting, Tadokoro Megumi!
Deep within her slight frame burns a quiet determination.
She did not fear her formidable opponent
and chose to meet him head-on in a fierce umami battle!
Try my ramen, too!
What an overpowering fragrance and umami of the sea!
I can hardly stay standing up!
How can... How can you make a ramen like this?!
But I don't want to lose!
What a pitched battle!
Both of them poured in their sheer willpower into their ramen,
and it has manifested itself as flavor!
Beat her dish to a pulp, Soupe de Poisson!
Menacing
My Scallops Pai Tan have the resolve to defeat any foe,
Rumble
no matter how formidable!
Shrimp, shrimp, shrimp!
Scallops, scallops, scallops!
The director's taken up the brush!
Who will be the victor?
Which one will it be?!
The Second Dish
Next Episode: The Generation of Prodigies
Next episode: The Generation of Prodigies.
