Act 11 The Adventure of the Pistol Daimyo Bullet Counting Song
Stop! Stop!
What is going on?! Who do these carriages belong to?!
They belong to the powerful Count Saint-Germi.
Can you not tell from the banner?
Whom do you think you are telling to stop?!
What is your name?
Huh?
You dare stop lord Saint-Germi's carriage.
You'll certainly be sent to the front lines tomorrow.
Tell me your name.
P-Please continue on.
That's right. Lord Saint-Germi can no longer sit back and watch this war unfold;
therefore, her highness will join the war.
Many more carriages will be following us.
She will save Orte.
Ah... It's about time...
Open the gate. Hurry!
Join the war... Not a single thing was false.
However, we won't be on their side.
So, this is the capital of Orte, Verlina.
We'll have to make this place our capital.
It's pathetic to see a country like this fall from grace so miserably.
It should just be burned away quickly.
It's true. It would be a pity not to put an end to its suffering.
Coup d'etat?
What is coup d'etat?
Is it some sort of food for southern barbarians?
It's a coup.
The reins of power are seized through an assault on the state's capital.
I will guide you the entire way. I will sell you the whole country.
Isn't it a great deal?
Who is your leader?
I don't know how it happened, but it's supposed to be me.
What is your... What are your names?
If you are Drifters, I may be able to recognize your names.
I'm Shimazu Toyohisa, undersecretary to the Imperial Minister of the Center.
Toyohisa Shimazu... Hmm...
Ah, the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600.
I am Nasu Suketaka Yoichi.
How cute! You are the archer from the Genpei War.
You are famous, don't you know?
And you?
Rumble rumble rumble
Oda Nobunaga!
You are super famous!
Of course. That's the way it should be.
Who is that old man?
Raspberry Sensor Dazed
I don't know his name. He's just a raspberry man.
Looks like you've been sent from a time long after the periods we lived in, huh?
Do you want to know what happened to the Shimazu clan after Sekigahara?
I don't mind telling you.
You don't have to tell me that. I know what happened.
My uncle, Yoshihiro, should have been able to escape
from the enemy while we were fighting to buy time for him.
If he returned to Satsuma, I know what happened after that...
The Shimazu destroyed the Tokugawa clan.
I don't know how long it took- tens or hundreds of years-
but without doubt, the Shimazu soldiers crashed the Tokugawa.
Wh-?!
What's with this kid?!
How could he predict such an outcome in the midst of withdrawal?!
He has got some nerve.
Well... that's just how he is. I apologize for him, Twinkie.
By the way, how about me? Me? How am I remembered?
There is no way to describe your impact succinctly.
You increased in size and flew through the air shooting mysterious beams...
Increased in size...?
For Love
Y-You are more famous for weapon innovation.
What weapons?
What happened in the future?
Why did you trust that androgynous person?
I don't get it.
Yeah, you will meet that kind every now and then.
They will betray you without any hesitation.
They are devoid of fidelity and loyalty from the beginning.
However, their betrayal is motivated by profit and self-interest,
not resentment or generational sentimentality.
That's why we can trust them as long as they are betraying someone else.
That's a strange story. They are peculiar not only outside, but also inside.
They are bizarre. They are weird, body and soul. They are weirdos.
They are deviants.
I can hear you, Japanese! Hush up!
Count Saint-Germi.
We'd like to know why you used your authority as a powerful
count to call this meeting.
Why did you wait till the situation became so dire?
I wanted to inform you...
We Drifters created this nation with great diligence.
We have lent you this country for a half a century,
but I am sorry. I can do it no longer.
Therefore, I've decided to have you return it.
As of today, we are closing the experimental empire, Orte.
We are closing the store. We are going out of business.
We will turn over a new leaf and work hard with Toyohisa as our future leader.
Everyone, thank you for your many years of patronage.
Farewell.
Wh-What?! What are you saying, Count Saint-Germi?!
You don't get it?
I explained it to you in the simplest possible terms, did I not?!
Are you an imbecile?
Indeed, you do look like one.
Guards! Guards! Count Saint-Germi has lost his mind. Guards!
No matter how much you yell, they won't be coming.
Are you stupid? Indeed, you do look damn stupid.
Saint-Germi! This is a coup. A revolt!
Against whom-Father or the politicians?!
Who is for my plan? Speak up.
I support Count Saint-Germi.
Me, too.
I am with the count.
Wh... What?!
Hmph.
Did you really think I convened this meeting without any preparation?
Are you that stupid?!
Hey, you two over there... Fully raise your hands.
I agree with the dissolution of the empire's leadership.
Ahh, that's good.
However...
However?
All sovereignty in the new country shall be given to the Black King.
We can solely prostrate ourselves, begging the Black King for his mercy.
Let us be his vanguard
and help him in the campaign for the eradication of humankind from this world.
Rasputin! So, you became an End, huh?!
Count Saint-Germi, we both seem to have had similar ideas.
You still look ridiculous.
You are completely wrong if you think you can get your way.
What... What on earth is going on?! This is not what I expected.
So, these are the faces of the Drifters.
I heard that you took care of Joan and Gilles de Rais.
I am Rasputin.
Frankly, the Black Lord is too busy to be bothered with you all.
For you see, he is bringing about the destruction of the world.
Therefore, I am carrying out his plan. For instance...
We let our troops into the capital.
Well, they may be a bit troublesome. I sincerely apologize for...
Now he's done it.
So, you are the leader of the Drifters, Shimazu Toyohisa.
Suddenly drawing a sword, suddenly launching an assault...
You seem to be from quite a barbaric place.
I must express my gratitude to you for taking care of our comrade, Joan...
Ouch, this is harsh. I don't know who he is, but my condolences to him.
I know it hurts when things like this happen.
At his moment of glory, right as he was about to gloat like a puppet master,
he was completely ignored while his minion was crushed before him.
That kind of thing is utterly humiliating.
Toyo doesn't read the situation.
It's not that he can't-he just won't.
He completely shuts it out.
Rather than being in his nature, perhaps this comes
from the way he was brought up.
This is his strongest weapon as well as his greatest weakness.
If he's not careful, he'll be dead before he knows it.
Toyo, sweetie, wait. Hold it. You will kill him. He'll die.
If you flinch even a little, you'll lose.
Smile. Keep smiling, you fool.
What's wrong, Mr. Would-Be Puppet Master?
Your smile is stiff.
Allow us to speak.
Thanks.
Our intention from the beginning is to fight.
I will kill anyone who stands in our way.
I've never conquered a territory without shedding blood.
Your true intention was to snatch this country bloodlessly, wasn't it?
Our being here really puts a sour look on your face, doesn't it?
Even that twinkie count's sour face is more likable than yours.
Now we can address the threat of the Ends.
We, the Drifters, have come to save the country again...
Thanks for giving us such a perfectly legitimate reason.
Hey, what's with the grimace?! Smile like you did earlier!
Smile! Smile like this!
We are going to settle this in battle.
Shoot! Damn!
Damn it! That bastard!
Come in, Rasputin. Answer me.
Verlina has already been occupied by the Drifters!
We manipulated the aristocrats and
had our troops make the long march on Verlina.
Even for our army, which is capable of a massive blitz,
the Drifters are an unexpected variable!
I never expected them to take such decisive action.
They are crazy. They are absurd- completely out of their minds!
Keep calm, Rasputin. This is war.
We cannot always foresee the outcome.
Things will happen outside your expectation.
That is what war is.
Leave everything to me. I will conquer Orte.
Besides, we may be already corrupted.
Hijikata.
Rasputin.
If the conquest of Verlina is determined to be unattainable,
then at your discretion, change the plan.
Aim for destruction instead of usurpation.
Our objective shall be maximum destruction and chaos.
Kill as many as you can. Burn as much as you can.
My intention is to stop the Drifters from taking control of the state,
but if it falls into their hands, cripple it.
Yes, Majesty.
Thy will be done...
Black Majesty, you're fearsome.
Bring me a map of Verlina! Hurry!
It was just my old habit, but I was a bit too arrogant.
If I lose, it will be no laughing matter.
I haven't seen such a conceited look in the past several centuries.
Two hundred Elves and two hundred Dwarves.
I can't say anything at this point since I don't know the size of the enemy forces.
It was the most I could sneak in, hiding in the carriages.
The troops I have waiting outside the capital should be heading this way.
They should be arriving any time.
They are an elite unit, consisting of 500 soldiers.
Damn twinkie! In situations like this, you should send more troops.
It should've been enough force if it were just a normal coup!
You hear me?! I said normal!
Besides, that is the entire army in my domain!
Grind grind
Huh?! Y-You call that an army?! With only 500?!
Aren't you a powerful lord of Orte? How do you explain that?!
Since I selected only the best, that was all I could find.
My troops are so much tougher than others!
Count Saint-Germi, your army has just arrived outside.
They're here!
But...
But?!
Your troops certainly look tough, but...
Ah, I happened to notice that already.
Hey, damn twinkie!
I hope they are not what I think they are... but what are they?
Th-That's right! They are the Sacred Band of Thebes!
S-So what?! It is not your concern how I assemble my forces!
Do you have anything to say about that?!
So, this is the reason he has so few troops relative
to the size of his territory, huh?!
Sure enough, he picked carefully!
Otherwise, this result would have been impossible!
Excuse me, where is the restroom? I am going to throw up.
The Sacred Band of Thebes.
Do... Do you know about that, old man? Who are you?!
Echelon Formation.
Two-bit thief! Two-bit thief of Gorgidas!
Who the heck is this old fool?! Is he senile?!
No clue! I don't know anything about the Octobrists...
He is Hannibal or something.
Ha... Hanni...!
I'm hungry. I am going to roast Rome.
I didn't know getting old was so scary.
Form up!
Oh, you guys are actually good soldiers.
Raise up the Tanegashima rifle!
For the past week, we've been running mock drills with wooden sticks.
We'll see how they turn out.
Good, but...
They look good, but we won't know till they are actually fired.
Muskets... Well, we'll see how...
I can't believe this...
A matchlock gunner squad has been formed!
So, this is a gun... I am scared... sort of...
We rushed through production to provide 100 muskets.
As expected, it was impossible for us to make more.
However, the quality should be good.
So, we made this toy to see how it works.
What do you think?
They're laughing. They're laughing for some reason.
The barbaric tribe in that region is very scary.
Nobunaga will lead the musketeers. He will set their formations.
I will lead the Dwarves. They will be the foot soldiers.
Yoichi will lead the Elves. They will be the skirmishers and archers.
We will draw the enemy close and annihilate them.
We won't let even a single soldier leave here alive.
W-We don't need to completely annihilate them, do we?
They only came to steal Orte.
Therefore, they'll probably withdraw if they find out that's impossible.
We'll slaughter them all.
No matter what the soldiers who run try to do,
I won't let them.
You... You don't know much about battle despite having such broad knowledge.
Wh-What did you say?!
If I were them,
I would change my plan the moment I found out
it was impossible to conquer the country.
The goal would be changed from conquest to persecution.
I would kill, kidnap, and rape people...
I would seize and burn any occupied territory.
Then, while returning to the fortress, I would assault all the villages on the road.
It would be disastrous.
If they can no longer manipulate the
aristocrats, pulling strings to control the empire,
they will shift to this plan.
This so-called Black King's plan is to destroy the world in the first place, right?
If he doesn't have any intention to govern it, it will be completely in disarray.
Therefore, the best course of action would be to allow them to attack Orte for a bit,
then step in to save the empire, but...
We'll behead them all! Prepare yourselves!
This is what war is all about!
Ready! Take positions!
Yeah!
Olminu! Can you hear me?!
Relay all communications transmitted through the crystal spheres!
I will relay conversations.
I have never done this before, but...
They're coming... Coming.
They're coming... right at us... Coming over...
Come. Come. Come.
Come on!
Musketeers, load your weapons!
Form a line!
This is this world's first ever experience with gunfire.
You are the harbingers!
You are leading from the cutting edge.
Hundreds of millions of guns shall follow after you.
You all are now standing on the precipice of history!
Hold it. Not yet!
Hold it.
Not yet.
Hold it. Hold it!
A bit closer.
Hold it.
Fire!
The forceful power of the gun...
The sum of these effects...
Really, a powerful thing.
Olminu! Signal Yoichi!
Y-Yoichi!
It's really incredible.
What is... that?
We can't just keep hanging back.
Aim for center mass. Rain arrows down on them!
Perfect timing!
These spheres are really incredible.
This is great.
I wish I could take this back in time and use it in the Battle of Okehazama.
Slow... Really slow, as expected.
One more volley... Just one more volley will decide it all.
But I shouldn't pressure them.
Don't rush! Ensure the quantity is right!
No need to get in a rush!
Second volley...
The core value of Tanegashima lies not in stopping power or range...
Tanegashima rules with fear.
When the sound and smoke rise, someone is going to die.
The moment the second volley hits, they realize that.
The moment that is understood...
In that moment, if they stop moving their faltering feet...
Charge forward!
The warriors plunge into the enemy, carving through both mind and body.
The human musketeers led by Nobunaga,
the Elven archers led by Yoichi...
That would be the optimum solution.
Shimazu...
Shimazu!
Shimazu!
Way of the Warrior
Rebellious Satsuma
Probing Assault
Act 12 Staring at Shinsengumi The Song of the Fervid Kyushu Man
