Pain that wont heal
Sadness you feel
Scars that just refuse to fade from memory
Sometimes the burdens too much for one to bear
Dont give up on me, please dont turn me away
Whoa!
Ill hold your hand in mine
Will I lose my hold on her someday?
Will her smile fade In a flood of tears Or can I keep the fears at bay?
Echoing, distant voices wither into silence.
But there is one thing that will never ever age
my love for you is timeless
Pain that wont heal
Sadness you feel
Smiles with hearts bitterness replaced
Ill never smile again”
Ill never let love in”
Dont ever say such things to me
A future we cannot see
All happenings Find meaning in the story
In time the clouds will clear away,
so just stay, please stay with me Whoa!
Who are we to pass through you? Whoa!
That answer will find you someday
But still, if its true what that bald guy said,
and even if Rukia is in that white tower
The problem is which road to take to get there.
Oh!
Oh, thats right. I have a map.
We wouldnt want to run into any Captains along the way, huh?
Rukia Are you talking about Rukia Kuchiki?
Huh?!
Just as I thought Its her, isnt it?
Then that white tower” you referred to is the Senzaikyu.
Iknow the hidden way into that tower.
Huh, I would have never thought of using the sewer system.
Yes, this sewer system runs underground throughout the Seireitei,
so we can go anywhere without running into obstacles.
Dont the others know about this entrance?
It was under an ordinary-looking tile
Yes, everyone knows about it,
but I doubt theyll catch up with us down here.
Whys that?
The only ones that fully comprehend this complex system
are members of Squad 4,
those of us who specialize in relief and aid.
Oh, I see, this system is also used as a pathway for relief and aid.
Thats why only the relief and aid company needed to master this system.
Not exactly
Its just that its Squad 4s duty to clean up the sewer system.
Were weak, so
we wind up with a lot of menial chores.
Gee, I kind of feel sorry for this Squad 4.
No Its really not all that bad.
Hanataro.
Huh?
Why are you doing all this for us?
Were your enemies.
And just because we want to go to the White Tower
Hey, Ichigo.
Why are you guiding us without question?
I know a lot about you from listening to Rukia.
Ichigo Kurosaki
Please Save Rukia!
Here is the situation report.
Sir Ikkaku Madarame, Third Seat of Squad 11,
and Sir Yumichika Ayasegawa, Fifth Seat, same squad
The above high-ranking Seat officers, due to serious injuries,
will withdraw from the front lines.
A detailed damage report for the individual squads
is still pending investigation.
However, regarding Squad 11
There is a report stating that they were nearly annihilated.
Squad 11?!
No way
In just a few hours since entering this realm,
theyve managed to wreak that much havoc?
how pathetic.
At this time, there are three confirmed Ryoka,
of which two have taken a member of the Squad 4 hostage.
We have intelligence indicating that these two, with the hostage,
are headed this way.
However, since a while ago,
we have been unable to detect their Spiritual Pressure,
therefore, their whereabouts are unknown.
Either way, we need to collect more information.
Frankly, its been a while since our Fourth Seat reported in.
I think hes been defeated too.
Can you check in on the West 20 area?
The Fourth Seat of Squad 7
You mean Jirobo the Kamaitachi?
Yeah.
Jidanbos brother, huh? Hes defeated too?
What in the world is going on?
Gosh, theyre all pathetic.
This certainly has turned into a horrible mess, Abarai
We need to act more carefully.
That Squad 11 gets too temperamental.
You, stop spreading misinformation.
Abarai?
I did no such thing
Rangiku, calm down.
Before Rukia was captured and placed in the Senzaikyu Shishinro,
she was held in Squad 6s barracks.
I was assigned to cleaning duty for that area.
To be honest, I was scared of her at first.
After all, she is nobility.
But
But?
Rukia scolded me on my first day.
Umm, Miss Rukia, Ill be starting todays cleaning chores now.
Id rather you not call me that.
Umm But
Just address me normally.
Uh? Umm Ah Then Rukia?
Thank you
Y-Yes!
Her voice was much kinder than what I had expected.
I was quite relieved.
Ever since that day, my daily cleaning at the barracks
gradually has become something to look forward to.
And little by little, Rukia started telling me all kinds of things.
Umm, Rukia? I dont know much about the human world,
but whats it like over there?
Like the things to eat or drink
Oh, Im sorry!
I mean, its nothing!
Im sorry.
They have a beverage called a juice” that comes in a paper package.
What kind of a drink is that?
It is a difficult beverage
Huh?!
There is a trick to drinking it. Even I had difficulties with it.
Is that so? Theres a drink that even you had difficulties with
Hanataro, you may not be able to drink it even after hearing the trick.
Really?!
That guy, he taught me how to drink it.
Rukia, was there anything unusual in the human world?
Did you know that a Mod Konpaku
can be inserted into inanimate objects as well?
What?! You mean those illegal things?
There was this guy who placed one into a stuffed doll found on the street.
Stuffed doll?
Thats the thing made with cotton and such, right?
To put it into something like that
There sure are some reckless folks out there
Yes There are some reckless ones out there.
Of all the tales Rukia told me of the human world
the majority of them were always about this one person.
Shortly thereafter, an official execution order was sent to Rukia.
Dont make me repeat myself.
For a first-degree offense,
Rukia Kuchiki shall be held in maximum security.
In 25 days, she shall be sent
to the Central Execution Grounds to be executed.
Rukia The person you gave your Soul Reaper powers to
Is that the same person you often speak of?
His name is Ichigo Kurosaki.
I only spent two months with him, but strangely,
I felt I could trust him from the bottom of my heart.
And yet
And yet
Because of me, his destiny became twisted and he was terribly hurt.
There is nothing I can do to atone for this
She looked very sad as she said that.
Howd you say? Shes a strange Soul Reaper, that one
Yeah, shes a strange one.
Huh?
Thats why were here to rescue her.
Ah? Hey!
W-Wait a minute!
Did I say something wrong?
How should I know?!
Hey, Ichigo!
I only spent two months with him
but strangely, I felt I could trust him from the bottom of my heart.
And yet, because of me,
his destiny became twisted and he was terribly hurt.
There is nothing I can do to atone for this
That idiot! Isnt that all my fault?!
I swear, I wont let you die.
Rukia!
Uh Its okay! You can come up.
This exit is the closest to the tower.
Wow! It seems like a long time since Ive breathed fresh air!
There, thats the Senzaikyu!
Were definitely closer to it, but look at that!
It looks like its going to be a rough road ahead.
The mist is clearing!
Lets hurry.
Hmm?
Is something the matter, Ichigo?
Theres someone by the stairs.
Its been a while.
Do you remember my face?
I would have liked to forget it,
but theres still a mountain of payback I owe you
Renji Abarai!
Thats a surprise, you remembered my name, too.
Thats pretty good.
Why, thank you.
W-Who is this guy?
His Spirit Pressure is on a completely different level than those earlier guys.
T-That, that person is
Renji Abarai!
The Lieutenant of Squad 6!
Lieutenant?
Im truly surprised
I thought youd be dead after Captain Kuchikis attack.
Ah, hey! Wait a minute, Ichigo!
I dont know how you managed to survive,
but youre something else, all right.
But this is as far as you go. As Ive told you before,
I will kill the one who stole Rukias powers.
As long as youre alive, Rukia cant get her powers back!
How can you say that after taking her back just to kill her!
Im coming through!
Try it if you can!
If only you can defeat me!
Its starting, and the opponent is Abarai, huh?
Hes already defeated the Third Seat.
Next, he had better defeat at least a Lieutenant.
Otherwise, he wont be much fun as my opponent.
Kenny, how is it that you dont sense other peoples Spirit Pressure,
but you can tell theyre fighting from far away?
Thats because Im strong.
Hmm Thats weird.
Hey, have you found anything?
No, not at all.
Its been a while since these Ryoka crossed over
and while our casualties keep rising, we cant seem to find them at all!
It means that theyre that crafty.
The Captains and Lieutenants are keeping in close contact
to obtain the latest status report details.
Hey! In that direction
They found Jirobo of the Squad 7 fallen!
What?!
Theyre gone
Uh-huh.
It seems Ichigo and the others are doing quite a number out there.
The security is getting tighter.
Well, I think we can handle those Soul Reapers now
Whats the matter, Uryu?
This Spirit Pressure Its Ichigo, and the other one is
Renji Abarai!
Ichigo You sure met up with a tough one
Huh?
Hey, are you okay?
Do you feel fine? Are you running a fever?
Im okay, so dont worry about me.
Thats good to hear.
You space out sometimes, so I was worried.
Aw, that was no fun.
See you later!
Good, then lets hurry!
Ichigos spiritual power is rising
His opponents Spirit Pressure is quite strong
I had better hurry.
Ichigo, youre fighting against a Lieutenant!
No matter how strong you are, you cant win!
No
That may not be the case. Please take a good look at Ichigo.
Incredible! Hes completely overpowering Lieutenant Abarai!
He Ichigo
What exactly is he?
Thats what Id like to know.
Hey, Ichigo Kurosaki
How do you plan on saving Rukia?
How?
Even if you defeat me here, there are still 11 Lieutenants left.
And above them, there are 13 Captains.
Unless you defeat them all, theres no way to save Rukia.
And you think you can do that?
Of course! Who cares how many Captains there are?
Or how many Lieutenants?
It doesnt matter! Ill defeat them!
Ill defeat them all if they get in my way!
Whats that? Where do you get your confidence from?
Why are you so worked up over this?
Your Zanpaku-to has changed, huh?
Dont think youre stronger just because of that!
Dont get cocky!
Huh!
Roar!
Zabimaru!
I-I cant stop it!
Yikes!
Ichigo!
I-Ichigo
You seem to think
that you already know my strength just by fighting me once.
Let me tell you something.
When the ranked Lieutenants and above are sent outside,
our powers are severely limited
so that we dont adversely affect the human world.
My strength right now is five times greater than before.
So no matter how strong you become, theres no way you can defeat me!
So that means that attack there was the best youve got?
Didnt affect me! Not at all!
Thank you! If 11 of these are what Im dealing with,
I think I can handle it!
The idiot!
I looked up into the night sky and saw a comet
I want to see you right now, but I can't fly
If I could become a comet
I would fly across the sky I'm sure
I would circle the skies and shine over you
With this instantaneous light that will definitely reach you
If I could become a comet
I'm sure I'll always stay close to you
Now and forever
As Ive said before,
we Soul Reapers have our powers severely limited in the human world.
My strength right now is five times greater than it was when I last fought you!
Ive been training and Ive become ten times stronger than before!
Then Im a hundred times stronger than that!
Im a thousand times stronger than that!
Actually, Im ten thousand times stronger!
Then Im a hundred thousand times stronger than that!
Im a million times stronger in addition to that!
Well, too bad, Im plus ten million times stronger!
Then Im a hundred million times stronger!
Im infinite times stronger!
