The Third Dish
Five
And first place goes to
Yukihira Soma's Chinese Cuisine Stall!
Damn, Kuga. You lost!
I gotta do something.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
The Darkening Dinner Table
We lost?!
Yukihira-chin...
Central Area 1st Place: Yukihira Soma 2nd Place: Kuga Restaurant
Damn it.
I was so close.
Kuga!
Kuga!
You lost in sales, Kuga?
Crap!
Rindo-senpai!
The Second Seat...
You're hopeless, huh, Kuga?
Aren't you, Kuga?
Shut up!
You didn't even set up a booth and just walked around stuffing your face!
So what?
Sampling all the food is one way to participate.
Besides, it's because you were cooped up in your booth
that you lost to an underclassman, isn't it?
Shut up, shut up, shut up!
Shut up, shut up, shut up!
Kuga-senpai's outgunned.
Shut up!
I feel like I'm watching siblings.
But sure, he got me.
I guess everything went according to Yukihira-chin's plan.
We should do a Shokugeki soon
What are you talking about?
There's one more day left in the Moon Festival, right?
Huh?
If I don't beat you in total sales over the five-day period,
I haven't won.
The fight isn't over!
The 92nd Moon Festival
Moon Festival Final Day
You're putting up a good fight, Yukihira Soma.
But at that pace,
it doesn't look like you can win in total sales, does it?
You got pretty close, though!
Well, the way I imagined it was
Day 1
I'd somehow manage to keep up with him until the third day,
Day 2
Day 3
Day 4
crush him on the fourth day,
and win in total sales on the fifth day.
You're pretty damned optimistic.
I was sure I had a chance,
and I didn't intend to lose to him in the restaurant business,
so I'm pretty disappointed.
You're a pretty honest guy!
Central Area Total Sales Rankings 2nd Place: Yukihira Soma's Chinese Cuisine Stall
Central Area Total Sales Rankings 1st Place: Chinese Cuisine RS Kuga Restaurant
Main Avenue Area Total Sales Rankings 1st Place: Pop-Up Trattoria Aldini
Main Avenue Area Total Sales Rankings 2nd Place: Don RS
Main Avenue Area Total Sales Rankings 3rd Place: Shiomi Research Group
This is even better than last year's!
Anyway, I gotta say,
I almost burst out laughing at the Momiji Meet-and-Greet earlier.
I didn't think I'd ever hear anyone else say the same thing you did back then.
I want to join the Elite Ten right now.
Would anyone be willing to accept a Shokugeki challenge from me?
Of course not!
1 Year Ago
Um...
I don't need to hear any boring talk
about getting to know each other better and stuff.
Would anyone be willing to accept a Shokugeki challenge from me?
What the hell?
As if an Elite Ten member would be that easy
Sure.
Can we do one today, right now?
That is, if I'm acceptable.
Tsukasa Kuga
Tsukasa Kuga
We second-years are super busy trying to beat the guys up top too, you know?
1 Month Ago
Tsukasa-san, you were number one
in sales for five days straight in the Central Area last year, weren't you?
Will you promise me that if I manage to pull off the same thing this year,
you'll accept another Shokugeki challenge from me?
In the end, Kuga didn't get his wish.
Yukihira Soma didn't win in total sales, either.
This is what you call a war with no victor.
Each side looks really disappointed, too.
Shut up!
Well, Yukihira-chin might continue to grow.
You're a pretty honest guy too, Kuga.
No way!
I like Yukihira Soma, too.
We almost used up the ingredients.
We had pretty good sales on the final day, too. We came close.
Hey, Yukihira Soma.
I reserved a table for you tonight.
Huh?
What table?
It'll be in the Yamanote Area.
You're coming, right?
Huh?
Where'd Mimasaka Subaru go?
He left early because he had to undo a more elaborate lock than usual.
I bet it'll take him a long time until he can ride his bike.
Okay, then it'll be you and Tadokoro-chan.
Once you're done closing up shop,
let's go together to Tsukasa Eishi's booth.
Aren't you curious what kind of food the current First Seat makes?
Let's head on over to the Yamanote Area!
Wow!
What's all this?!
It's the Yamanote Area, after all.
It's a completely different world from the other areas.
Yeah.
Around this time, most of the booths in the Central Area would be closing up,
but all the booths here are still going strong.
The customer base is different.
Most of them will be spending the night on campus or at the Totsuki Resort.
That means a lot of places start serving dinner courses around now.
I-It's really expensive, right?
Don't worry, Tadokoro-chan.
Tsukasa's place will be on me.
Come to think of it, most of the Elite Ten, like Nakiri
and Isshiki-senpai, chose this area, right?
Yamanote Area Total Sales Rankings 1st Place: 4th Seat, Akanegakubo Momo
Yamanote Area Total Sales Rankings 2nd Place: 10th Seat, Nakiri Erina
Yamanote Area Total Sales Rankings 3rd Place: 3rd Seat, Megishima Tosuke
Yamanote Area Total Sales Rankings 5th Place: 6th Seat, Kinokuni Nene
Yamanote Area Total Sales Rankings 6th Place: 5th Seat, Saito Somei
Yamanote Area Total Sales Rankings 7th Place: 7th Seat, Isshiki Satoshi
So the sales are going well?
Good.
Transfer my production fees into the designated account.
9th Seat, Eizan Etsuya Behind the Scenes
What?!
Eizan-senpai's been managing twenty booths?!
Yeah.
He made a killing.
It's unbelievable that a student can pull that off.
And what have you been up to, Rindo-senpai?
Hm?
Me?
Huh?!
What?!
2nd Seat Kobayashi Rindo Sampling
You visited all 120 booths in five days?!
Tsukasa's booth is the last one!
I worked really hard!
I'm not sure that's something you can manage by working hard.
Man, the Elite Ten's full of monsters.
What are you guys doing?
I'm gonna leave you guys behind!
Yamanote Area Total Sales Rankings 4th Place: 1st Seat, Tsukasa Eishi
Today's menu is a nine-course meal
Symphony of Fall Ingredients
titled A Symphony of Fall Ingredients.
This way, please.
It's like watching a stage.
Tsukasa-senpai's in his own world.
There are only three tables?
Tsukasa's handling all the cooking by himself.
The other staff only serve customers.
So you need to reduce the table count to make the setup work.
He's handling a nine-course meal all by himself?!
He must have a lot of confidence if he's taking on so much work.
Well, the real reason is more like this.
How can I even think of letting someone else handle finishing my dishes?
The horror!
Once I start worrying about whether they'll mess up, I can't even cook anymore.
Oh...
Go ahead and take this.
Please take care not to disturb the plating!
Please carry the dish with the utmost caution.
I-I will...
Huh?
This is sakura shrimp, isn't it?
Isn't it considered one of the quintessential spring ingredients?
I thought this was supposed to be about fall ingredients.
Trust Tsukasa to pull this off!
Sakura shrimp are stereotyped as a spring ingredient,
but by fall they've grown larger
and developed a more intense shrimp flavor.
So he leveraged that with full knowledge of this ingredient's properties.
Wow.
Each dish elicits images of the ingredients
that are even more vibrant than if the ingredients were alive!
And the courses are structured so that after an acidic dish,
a faintly sweet dish is served.
He's varying the feel of each dish
to prevent each one losing impact in a brilliant balancing act!
While altering the dish's temperature or seasoning profile
to change things up, overall cohesion is maintained.
It's a completely different playing field of difficulty
than preparing a standalone dish.
You're out of my league, First Seat!
Yukihira Soma...
And Tadokoro-san. Rindo, too.
Is the room cold?
Are you okay?
Let me know if the heat's up too high, too!
Are your seats comfortable?
Is the lighting too dim?
Listen, if you're in the customers' faces too much with your concerns,
you're going to make them uncomfortable.
What?!
Right, Tadokoro-chan?
Um...
Er, yes.
A little bit.
Oh, no!
Then what am I supposed to do?!
That's why I always say you should just have more confidence.
As usual, you have a keen eye for quality ingredients.
It's impressive.
But if you ask me,
I'd like to try a dish that featured more of your passion for food.
No, I don't need to put myself in my cooking.
What?
My work involves erasing all evidence of my involvement in the dish.
I focus solely on the quality of the ingredients
and enhancing them.
But paradoxically, that work involves expressing myself in the dish.
That defines my cooking.
Well, please enjoy.
Over time, the gourmands began describing Tsukasa
as someone who kneels before all ingredients
and dedicates himself and his pride to them
Der WeiBe Ritter der Tafel.
The White Knight of the Table
Doesn't that sound cool?
When I first saw the nickname in a magazine,
I just rolled around laughing.
Tadokoro, did you notice something?
Huh?
Even though he acts so nervous,
he never asked us how we found his food.
He has absolute confidence and humility when it comes to the handling of ingredients.
He's different from any chef I've ever met.
This is the current First Seat.
Erina-sama...
The Moon Festival is soon coming to a close.
Yes.
He's not coming today, either.
Um, Saiba-sama.
I want to become a respectable chef like you.
Will you try my cooking some day?
Hmm...
All right, I'll accept your offer when you become a good chef.
I'll look forward to the day I get to taste your creations.
It's all for the day when he finally comes.
All the guests with reservations have already arrived.
I'll go take a look.
It can't be...
Excuse me, sir.
This establishment is by reservation only.
Hisako?
It's been a while, Erina.
Father...
That was really amazing food.
It was overwhelming for me.
Who knew a world like that existed in the culinary scene?
Soma-kun?
All the better!
I shouldn't underestimate the Yamanote Area!
He's all fired up.
I wanna take a look around some more!
But we don't have any pine tickets or anything.
Right, but there's Nakiri's booth.
Huh? But
It'll be fine. On the first day of the festival...
Take a black pepper bun!
Don't be shy.
I said I don't want any!
It's a good thing she owes me one.
I think you just forced it on her.
E-Excuse me.
This is very improper!
Erina, your cooking is not for such a subpar lot!
You need to be more selective when it comes to your clientele.
You are degrading yourself.
Hey, boy.
Do you say that knowing who we are?
Well, do you?!
Kita Osaji Kita Gastronomy Club Sponsor
Ando Shingo Food Culture Writer
I remember him.
Could he be Nakiri's...
It can't be!
You were exiled from Totsuki!
Indeed, I am Nakiri Azami,
Nakiri Erina's father.
Erina-sama's father... Nakiri Azami.
I've seen his image once before, when I was at the academy's library.
Hisako, you must not ask any questions about Erina-sama's father to anyone.
Do you understand?
His very existence has been erased from the Nakiri family.
What is it about this man that has Erina-sama in such a state?
How is it that you're acting so high and mighty when you've been exiled?
We are official business partners of Totsuki Academy.
Good point, Sis.
So any insults toward us
would be insults toward Totsuki itself.
I have come back to correct Totsuki's course.
What did you say?
Of all those who claim to be knowledgeable about food,
I wonder how many actually understand true taste.
Common to all fine art is that at its highest, its true value can only be understood
by those who possess class and taste,
and who have received proper educations.
True gourmet dining is similar.
Its value should be shared with only a select few.
That is what deserves to be called food.
Everything else is not food.
It is animal feed.
Not that I expect that to be understood by those who mistakenly believe
it's gourmet dining as long as high-quality ingredients are being used.
Why, you little
Thank you for sharing your most valuable opinion,
but whatever you say carries no weight here.
That's right!
You have no jurisdiction over Totsuki's affairs!
The appropriate lineage indeed exists here.
And the education, as well.
Now, Erina.
A decade has passed since I first taught you how to cook.
I want to see how far you have honed your craft.
A-As I've said, we do not serve walk-ins.
I see there's a table available.
That seat's for
The menu, if you please.
Your father is hungry.
I want to eat something soon.
Erina-sama!
Y-Y...
Hey, Nakiri.
Is there a table available?
Yukihira-kun?
Hey, hey.
Sorry, can we somehow eat your cooking, even if we're walk-ins?
Here, I'll give you one more black pepper bun.
Huh?
I feel a lot of tension in this room for some reason.
Oh, excuse me.
You seem to be just about to eat, too.
If it's all right, maybe we can share a table?
Erina, you need to be selective when it comes to who your friends are.
Yukihira Soma!
I have lost interest.
Arato-san, who was he?
He is Erina-sama's father.
Huh?!
What's with that black-suited guy?
He should at least eat before he goes.
Nakiri?
Are you shivering?
I was just about to pay you a visit.
This reception is a great honor.
You look well, Father.
Begone!
You have no right to set foot in this place.
I told you that I forbid you from ever claiming the Nakiri name.
I am the one who cultivated the God Tongue Erina was born with into its current form.
You may exile me,
but my lineage and education cannot be extinguished.
My greatest mistake was to allow you to take care of Erina back then.
The mistake is not yours alone.
Had I remained,
I would not have allowed Totsuki to devolve into what it is now
a place rife with unsightly, ordinary people.
Oh, Yukihira Soma.
There you are.
Oh, Rindo-senpai.
I saw a bunch of black cars race by,
so I ran after them, wondering what the hell was going on.
We don't really know, either,
but it sounds like Nakiri-san's father suddenly showed up.
Ah...
At this academy, cooking is everything!
As long as you have the skills, anyone can climb the ladder.
That is the Totsuki tradition.
Nonsense.
Allowing subpar students to fester here when the
mission is to create true gourmet dining is sheer folly.
That is not up to us to decide.
The ones who decide Totsuki's future are young chefs with might and talent!
Your solitary rant will change nothing!
The Totsuki Elite Ten Council have authority equal to,
and perhaps above, that of the academy's director.
Totsuki Elite Ten Council Urgent Summons
For example, should a majority of the Elite Ten want something,
it becomes a directive for the academy.
Yukihira Soma, which side would you pick?
Huh?
Uh, I have no idea what's going on.
Oh...
And here I thought you'd join us in a flash.
Also?
Wh-What's this?
A majority of the Elite Ten agree that reform is needed.
The Council has resolved to appoint Nakiri Azami as the academy's new director. This measure was proposed by six of the Elite Ten.
They support my appointment as the academy's new director.
There's a new wave.
Riding that wave feels like the most exciting possibility.
Kobayashi Rindo
Tsukasa
The most powerful group in Totsuki Academy has turned traitor?!
By this time tomorrow, everything will be finalized.
Here in the kingdom of gourmet dining, the jewel of Japan
Totsuki
I will be the new ruler.
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode: The Imprisoned Queen
I hope you savor the next episode!
