The Second Plate
Episode 13
Totsuki Academy First-Year Yukihira Soma
The Stagiaire requires participants to leave a visible mark in a professional setting.
The challenge was reaching its zenith.
No, no!
Final Day of Pre-Open
That's not how you time the suer process.
Watch.
Don't rush.
Visualize the process as though you're making the vegetables sweat.
Here.
Don't forget what this surface looks like right here.
Yep.
French cuisine is really interesting.
It uses a completely different thought process from traditional Japanese cuisine.
You're right.
Japanese cuisine tends to emphasize
minimal handling and processing of ingredients to keep them raw,
but French cuisine spends copious time and effort on processing ingredients.
Even making a single stock requires an extremely long time.
It's entirely different from, say, the use of dried bonito in Japanese cuisine
What?
Oh, just thinking that you're a really good teacher.
That's because you have zero basic knowledge of French cuisine!
Do you even get that?
Sure.
Yukihira, have you memorized the recette for the fish dish today?
Yup!
I'm all good.
So, how's it going, Yukihira?
Did you figure out what you're going to make in tonight's competition?
Yeah, I have the basic idea,
but I haven't managed to finalize it, I guess.
Ready?
Don't let your guard down on the last day.
Let's go.
Oui, chef!
The specialty... a dish that I alone can make...
I'll make it tonight for sure!
Pomp and Circumstance
Chef Shinomiya, the pre-open at SHINO's Tokyo is a huge success!
So, do you have any plans to open a third restaurant?
Let's not make any assumptions.
I first have to make SHINO's Tokyo as established as my flagship restaurant in Paris.
Yukihira, next up is Table 3! Hurry!
Got it.
Yukihira, I need help here, too.
Table 6 will be showing up late.
Then I'll work on the fish dish for Table 5 first!
Thank you.
Please take care.
Well, I guess it's finally over.
So you only close this early when it's the last day of the pre-open.
We're not closed yet.
I've invited one more group of guests and reserved the whole place for them.
Oh.
Evening!
Oh, Yukihira-kun?
Why are you here?
Oh, I'm here for the Stagiaire!
Jeez, you called Yukihira-kun, but not me?
Why won't you let me help you?
You have your own restaurant, stupid.
It's been a while, everyone.
Yukihira Soma.
Sushi Restaurant Ginza Hinowa Sekimori Hitoshi
Totsuki Academy French Cuisine Division Head Roland Chapelle
I see. So this was your training site.
Hmm.
Italian Restaurant Ristorante F Mizuhara Fuyumi
Auberge Tesoro Donato Gotoda
I haven't seen you since camp.
Good work on the Autumn Elections.
Thanks.
Japanese Restaurant Kirinoya Inui Hinako
Chapelle-sensei came to Totsuki when we were still students there.
Huh.
It's been a while, Chapelle-sensei.
Cheers to your eyes.
Shinomiya Kojiro, you were always full of energy, even as a student.
Thank you.
Um... er...
Sorry.
You had some fragility to you back then,
but I see no trace of that now.
I am proud of you.
Advance yourself.
Thank you.
This way in, please.
I am the head chef for SHINO's Tokyo.
Oh, my. Your staff look like French dolls.
Don't call me that!
Don't tease me, Kojiro.
Shinomiya-senpai's...
You're always so selfish!
After years of not even visiting me,
why'd you invite me out here in Tokyo?!
I feel bad about that, okay?
That's why I invited you.
I'm not used to coming out to a place like this.
I'm uncomfortable.
Just relax.
That's... Japanese, right?
Make yourself at home.
Wow.
No way!
I can hardly believe he's the same person.
Delicious...
Um, Shinomiya-senpai.
I've always wanted to ask this,
but why did you choose to specialize in French cuisine?
It was to celebrate my starting elementary school.
Just that one time, I went with my parents to a local French restaurant.
We wore our best clothes,
and practiced how to use a knife and fork at home...
Now that I think about it, the restaurant wasn't anything special.
Kojiro, isn't this delicious?
I've never had something this good.
French food is amazing.
If I become a French chef,
I can make Mom smile all the time...
And why would I tell you?
I thought you might say that.
Come along.
It's time to prepare dessert.
Oh, sure.
About the quiche I made on the first day...
What about it?
Burdock root apparently only looks like a tree root to Westerners.
They're often surprised to learn that Japanese people eat it.
Huh.
Other root vegetables, like carrots and parsley root,
have been avoided for a long time
because they remind people of wartime food scarcity.
I see.
The forgotten vegetables: legumes oublies.
If I were to name that quiche,
I'd call it Quiche de Legumes Oublies, I guess.
There have to be dishes that only I can make,
having experienced both French and Japanese cultures.
You asked me before
why I chose to open a restaurant in Japan right now.
Yes.
It's to reaffirm what the roots of my cooking are.
Roots...
I'm going to face my own cooking in the country I was born in one more time.
It's something I absolutely need if I'm to win the Michelin three-star rating.
Can you get back to your hotel on your own?
I'm fine!
Don't make fun of your mom!
Take care of yourself.
Kojiro.
It was delicious.
Well then.
The new recipe competition!
I can't miss that!
I'm so lucky I could come today!
What I meant was, you should go home now.
How can I go home after hearing something like that?!
I can totally understand where Hinako's coming from, Shinomiya-san.
Now that I've heard that Yukihira's joining the competition...
I want to see it, too.
What?!
Right?!
In a sense, this is the first direct face-off between Yukihira-kun and Shinomiya-senpai!
It's a revenge match after the Shokugeki at camp!
I just heard Shokugeki at camp.
I don't know what she's talking about, Chapelle-sensei.
Inui is probably tipsy.
She drank too much wine.
Hmm, I see.
The Totsuki inspector.
So Yukihira Soma's dish tonight
will determine whether he'll pass the Stagiaire at this restaurant.
I see.
But the odds are rather stacked against him.
Indeed.
Totsuki students typically learn the basics of French cuisine in the junior high division,
but he has no such experience.
Based on what I've seen in my class and Shinomiya's assignment during camp,
he seems to be able to handle recreating existing recipes without problems.
But it's an entirely different thing to develop a new recipe from scratch.
Not to mention, he'll be the one judging the dishes.
Huh?
Are you participating in the competition, too, Wei-san?
Yes.
Wei was the Chief Boucher at SHINO's until six months ago.
I see.
Why'd you switch to being the manager of customer service?
This competition was held several times a month at the flagship restaurant, too.
But my entry was only used once in all of two years.
I thought I had to do something.
I switched to customer service management
because I thought I'd learn something by interacting with our guests.
But I've never slacked on my daily training as a chef.
Me neither.
I have to show that I didn't become the Chief Boucher
just because Wei stepped aside.
Everyone's serious about the new recipe competition.
Do you have the resolve to take this on?
There's something I learned from listening to Shinomiya-senpai earlier.
I'm only thinking about bringing that vision into reality right now.
I'm going to put all of my resolve and stuff on a plate, so...
It's time.
Start cooking.
Oui, Chef!
Heat honey and sugar until the mixture reaches a deep golden color,
then simmer it down after adding Madeira wine, red wine, and fond de veau.
In the meantime, sautee ground chicken with butter,
then sweat the onions.
Hey, Dad.
Why do you grill fish like that?
Hmm?
It's because the skin gets crispier this way.
Huh, there's a technique for that?
There's a lot to a diner.
Hmm...
What?
Well, maybe that's good enough for now.
Soma-kun, can you tell me why you know French culinary techniques?
Oh, I learned this technique from my dad.
He said it's perfect for crisping up fish skin.
I can see now what Dad had built.
He'd consolidated all the experiences
he's had with different cultures, techniques, and impressions
Yukihira Diner
into his skill set to create the ideal diner of his dreams!
In that case, what I should do...
is poele.
Suer.
Allumette.
Escalope...
Deglacer...
Ciseler...
Roti...
Braiser...
I'm going to shatter who I've been until now!
We're now finished tasting the three dishes from Lucie-san, Wei-san, and Abel-san.
Yukihira!
You're last!
Aren't you done yet?!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
A whole quail!
So fragrant!
Yukihira Soma, what is that dish?
Um, this is...
Huh?
Chicken and egg... rice bowl?
Oh, now that you mention it,
I guess this isn't in the usual rice bowl dish.
But please just try it.
This is the best French dish I can serve right now.
Quail meat.
A common ingredient in France and Italy, not just in restaurants, but in homes.
Well, it certainly looks like a French dish...
So the quail meat and egg are the substitutes for chicken and egg?
What's your trick, Yukihira?
Let us have a taste.
That dish means everything.
Can he impress Shinomiya Kojiro with it?
The Stagiaire system has a hidden true purpose...
Can Yukihira-kun actually meet its expectations?
I'll try it, too!
What's this?!
There's egg inside... and risotto, too...
So delicious!
The silky egg, quail meat, and rice intertwine in dynamic synergy!
What is this texture?
chicken meat, egg, rice, onions, and seasoned stock.
After searing the quail in some oil,
it's been slowly roti, or roasted, in the oven.
So it's crunchy on the surface and juicy underneath.
The egg was seasoned with salt and pepper for a little bite,
and then mixed with cream for an even richer creaminess.
The creaminess of the poached egg is critical to this dish, after all.
Risotto was finished with milk for mildness.
To it, I added ground chicken sauteed in butter,
and onions that were sweated for enhanced sweetness.
The sauce consists of soy sauce added to Madeira sauce,
lightly sweetened with sugar and honey.
Like seasoned stock, it brings the ingredients together.
In other words, this dish reconceptualized the chicken and egg rice bowl
using French culinary techniques.
Yet, using something like risotto to stuff the quail
should've resulted in some leakage...
Yukihira, how did you stuff the egg?
Oh!
The earlier texture!
I used cabbage.
I wrapped the risotto in cabbage that'd been parboiled in salt water
before stuffing the quail.
That's what you used in the Shokugeki at camp!
The chou farci that Shinomiya made then...
The cabbage's texture is perfect.
While retaining its crunchiness,
the process brought out its sweetness,
which serves to gently meld the flavors
of the fragrant quail meat and the stuffing.
What the Academy wants to see in its students during the Stagiaire
is that they contribute something to a professional setting,
but the Stagiaire's true purpose goes beyond that.
After the war, young hopefuls seeking to become professional French chefs
migrated to France in droves.
They went from restaurant to restaurant
to observe legendary chefs at close range so that they could learn,
steal, and extract the techniques
and eventually build their own cooking.
Their blood, sweat, and tears
are what allowed true French cuisine to flourish in Japan today.
The Stagiaire's true purpose is to have students undergo
what the young hopefuls of yore did time and time again.
What can they steal from the pros?
You did it, Yukihira.
Shinomiya-senpai, you said you came back to Japan
so that you could reach greater heights in French cuisine.
If that's the case, then what I'm supposed to be doing right now
is the complete opposite.
I'm going to break through the cooking I've been doing in the same environment
Yukihira
I was born into and grew up in.
This is my first dish for the new Yukihira.
Now, it's time to judge.
Will Yukihira Soma's dish make it to SHINO's menu?
No, it's too low-quality.
At least, if it stays what it is now.
It's fine enough to be served at some small-time restaurant you'll have in the future,
but it's a little lackluster to be served at Shinomiya Kojiro's restaurant.
But, still...
How about it?
Please do!
Listen, in this case, you'd use sherry vinegar.
Add red wine only after you've deglazed the pan with the vinegar.
Got it.
Sherry vinegar is from Spain, huh.
Don't forget to skim the foam.
Got it!
Yes, Yukihira Soma passed.
Well, thanks so much for teaching me until the sun came up.
That's because you're a slow learner.
Thank you, Master Shinomiya!
Stop it!
I'm no master.
Master!
He called you master!
You're so arrogant, letting someone call you master.
Shut up!
I didn't make him do it!
You can be more honest.
Yeah, you're actually happy about it.
Oh.
Yukihira.
Grab the First Seat in the Totsuki Elite Ten.
Will do!
I wonder how many will survive this year's Stagiaire.
Along with the camp training,
it is where a large number of students are weeded out.
Only those who are willing to face their own limits
and try to overcome them will grow and gain the fruits of their labor.
They are the Generation of Prodigies.
Next!
Don't stop!
Keep moving!
Yes, Kurokiba-san!
Cold Water
My delinquent son turned over a brand-new leaf...
You guys behave, too!
Don't bother the other customers.
Yes, Kurokiba-san!
Aldini-kun, you should join in the new menu planning and development, too.
Okay, thank you.
I can't just keep lagging behind my brother.
Cute, cute, nervous, nervous!
Cute, cute, nervous, nervous!
Excited, excited, sparkle, sparkle!
Excited, excited, sparkle, sparkle!
Turn delicious!
Turn delicious!
Enjoy, ladies.
Table 3 wants no onions and extra oil.
Table 8 wants extra large serving with less salt.
Table 9 wants a normal serving with cabbage and roast pork on top, plus half a serving of rice.
Table 11 wants hard noodles and extra bean sprouts!
Table 12 needs a second serving of noodles, stat!
I'm not going to give up!
But, Ibusaki-kun... this restaurant's already...
Let me have the kitchen one last time!
I'm going to turn this around!
Are you sure?
You're going to take on serving the guests, too?
You won't have the energy!
Please, let me try.
I want to be useful outside of the kitchen, as well!
Indeed.
You are worthy of receiving the knowledge
I have cultivated and honed of how to ignite the fire.
Okay!
Delicious!
I thought you were just two-bit characters at first glance,
but you have real skill!
Don't underestimate us!
We strike fear into people's hearts!
We are the Polar Star Force!
My!
To think there'd be so much less left over
just because we added just a touch of seasoning!
Yes, that's the power of spices.
SHINO's Tokyo: Grand Opening
Chef, I'd like to order another dish.
Is there anything you'd recommend?
Yes, there is something I'm confident you'll like.
It's Quail Stuffed with Risotto and Egg, Cheeky Youngster Style.
Stagiaire Complete
I'm back!
Yukihira, so you're the first one back.
Oh, Fumio-san. It's been a while.
You're looking pretty good.
Here, you've gotten a lot of mail.
Huh?
Whoa!
Challenge
What's this?
They're all Shokugeki challenges.
Excuse me!
So you're back, Yukihira Soma!
I'm a second-year in high school named Kabutoyama Tetsuji!
High School 2nd-Year Kabutoyama Tetsuji Nickname: Iron Skewer
I challenge you to a Shokugeki. Please accept!
You first-years are on the same playing field as us upperclassmen now.
So
Sure.
Let's do it now.
Shokugeki
Start
Erina-sama.
Online Totsuki Sports Kabutoyama Tetsuji (High School 2nd Year) vs. Yukihira Soma (High School 1st Year)
It's Shokugeki Flash News...
Yukihira Soma!
I want to cram as much knowledge and as many techniques into me as I can
and keep battling at the Academy.
I wanna keep throwing everything I've got at cooking.
There will be plenty of suitable fodder for you to use and grow.
That's the kind of place Totsuki Academy is.
Totsuki
Glad you liked it!
I'll accept any challenge at any time from anyone,
so come at me whenever!
Let's forget the formalities we can get to it right now.
Let's have a Shokugeki!
Glad You Liked It
Glad You Liked It
Glad you liked it.
