Wiped out, huh?
But considering the tactic he used, I'm sure that Kanoichi-kun thought
there was a chance this would succeed.
What? Isn't that a bit much to ask?
Not to mention that he did tell Miyako-kun not to show up.
Nerima
We're not obligated to lend Miyako-kun out to you,
nor clean up the mess that you guys made.
I understand how dangerous it is, but our hands our tied.
I mean...
If we were to get jurisdiction over the case,
then we may be able to do something...
Goodbye.
Emergency Line 0
Incoming Call
Decline the call and send a message
Send to voicemail
Everyone dealing with the cocoons was wiped out?
What's going on?
She's mad, she's super mad!
Manari-sama is mad!
Ow!
We can't make offerings!
The Silkworm Princess is really angry!
Now none of us can live here anymore!
Jerks!
Offerings? What offerings?
Offerings?!
Is that what they said?
Huh? Yes.
This is really bad!
As I thought, those cocoons were materials to make offerings to a god.
A god?!
Senda Reiji Shinjuku Ward Office Nocturnal Community Relations Division
Incoming call
I see.
Miyako-kun, have you ever heard of Oshira-sama?
They're one of the kaikogami.
This is going to be worse than handling demons.
At least you can exorcise demons and deal with them...
But mess with the gods of this country, and they'll curse you.
Curse?
Well, we did piss them off quite a bit.
Worst case scenario, they might turn into tatarigami, and then we'll really be in trouble.
Well, there's usually a ritual we can do
to appease the angered god before it comes to that,
but those rituals have always been a bit complicated
and it's hard to communicate with...
Don't tell me...
Yup.
City Hall's asking us to settle things with the Another
using Miyako-kun's Ears of Sand.
It's on the verge of becoming a tatarigami!
You're okay with putting Arata in danger like that?!
I'll do it.
Huh?
I'll be fine... I think.
You
I mean, it's pretty scary...
But I'm able to tell what's actually scary right now.
If there's something I can do about this... I'll do it.
Are you really sure about this?
Yes.
Good. This is a perfect opportunity to make City Hall owe us one.
Right!
I knew there was a parent somewhere.
I let my guard down.
This is a kekkaiseki blade.
It has the ability to kill Anothers.
I can kill you with my own hands. You're just another insect.
I have no idea what you're trying to say, but...
Can't move, can you?
You show up out of nowhere, wreck this place,
and then have the nerve to hurt some people.
I wish you things would get a clue already.
This place belongs to us humans now.
There's no place for Anothers like you anymore!
Wait!
Wait! Please!
There's no point in you showing up now.
I told you to wait, damn it!
Why, you little
Don't hurt her any more!
Her?
That's an Another! She's not human!
Once I kill her, this will all be over.
Stay out of my way!
You just want to kill Anothers!
That isn't going to solve anything! It's just going to create a bigger mess!
Out of my way!
And you can stay out of the way of my work!
Wha
Why, you little...
Why am I getting a call at a time like this?
You should probably answer that.
The Shinjuku Ward Office?
Emergency Line 0
Incoming Call
Decline the call and send a message
Send to voicemail
This is Kanoichi.
Heya, this is Senda from the Shinjuku Ward Office.
What are you doing on this line?
Could you let Miyako-kun and my crew handle the situation
while you go rescue the others?
I'm pretty sure you have no authority over me.
I'm the one in charge of this
Yeah, about that... You're not.
What?
City Hall has let go of their jurisdiction over the Olympic Stadium for the time being.
The Shinjuku Ward Office Nocturnal Community Relations Division
is now in charge of this operation.
Who the hell authorized that?!
Number Zero of the Tokyo Nocturnal Special Ordinance Committee.
The governor... of Tokyo...
So yeah, this is now our jurisdiction.
Make sure you don't step out of line.
How dare you...
So what's someone as worthless as you going to do?
I need you to free her.
I'll go talk to her.
Manari-sama.
Seimei...
It's been a while.
What could you possibly want?
I wanted to apologize for what the humans have done to you.
You have some nerve.
There's nothing that can undo what you humans have done.
To think that half of them were burned...
My poor, defenseless silk spinners that could do nothing but burn...
How mortifying.
Those children didn't just produce silk to make cocoons.
After they emerged, they would spin their own cocoons into the finest silk thread.
Even if I had the remaining children continue to produce silk,
there aren't enough to spin it into thread.
If I don't depart by dawn, I won't make it in time for the Izumo festival.
Without silk to offer to the gods, we cannot receive the power of the sun.
I will be unable to make it through the winter and will perish.
There's no going back now.
Do you now understand what you humans did?
My rage will not go away until I have killed a human for every child of mine they burned!
If all else fails, I'll curse this land and use my hatred for you humans
to bring upon a never-ending curse of death!
That's some insane miasma...
Is she turning into a tatarigami?
I'll take you...
I'll take you!
I'll spin the silk for you and take you to the Izumo festival!
You're going to... take me?
Yes.
What could you possibly do on your own?
I can't do this alone... But I have friends.
You humans will spin silk from my cocoons?
You understand what will happen to this land if I do not make it to the festival, right?
Yes.
Then I shall wait.
Hey! Wake up! Hey!
Someone to spin the silk, eh...
Are we going to be able to get through all these cocoons by dawn, though?
Do you have some brilliant plan, Arata?
I have an idea, so I'm going to hurry and look into it.
An idea?
I'll be right back, so please get started!
H-Hey!
Make sure you don't lose track of time!
I know!
What do you people think you're doing?!
Well, let's get started.
Yeah.
MPD
Safety First
Senda, I'm here.
Sorry to make you come here all the way from Kudanshita.
Shut up and just tell me where you need me.
Could you start with the second-floor seats, then?
This is pretty amazing.
Everyone from all the Nocturnal Community Relations Divisions are here.
So these are Oshira-sama's cocoons...
What time is dawn?
Apparently, 6:02.
So we have about thirty minutes.
All right, lights on.
Don't let down your guard until we know that the Another's no longer a threat.
Is that jerk still going on about this?
Well, considering his position...
He should quit preparing for something that may not happen and actually help out.
It's moving!
But it's not dawn yet!
The Ears of Sand are worthless after all.
What the hell is that?
I brought us some more spinners!
You can't be serious...
You asked Anothers for help?
It'll be fine.
I'm counting on you guys!
Sure.
Okay, let's do this!
Yeah!
Hey!
This is absurd! I can't even
If Miyako says it's okay, then it is, right?
Yeah!
Right?
Miyako-kun, could I get an explanation for the record?
Oh, sure...
I have no obligation to help humans.
And humans are the ones who burned the cocoons and angered the Silkworm Princess.
You're exactly right.
There's nothing I can say to deny that.
But if Manari-sama becomes a tatarigami, you'll no longer be able to live here, either.
I don't want that to happen because of something humans did.
I understand that I'm being selfish.
But this is all I can do.
Please, Tarobo-san, members of the tengu clan...
Please lend me a hand.
What do you guys wanna do?
If the princess can't make the festival, there'll be all kinds of trouble.
Yeah, but...
The humans should get what they deserve.
But we might not be able to live here anymore.
Yeah...
All right.
Guys, gather up the others.
I have somewhere to go with Seimei.
You can use all the help you can get right now, right?
We're going to get Adiel.
I owe you, Seimei.
I mean... Miyako Arata.
I'm counting on you to help me out the next time I need help.
Of course, Tarobo-san!
I promise!
I see. So that's how you got all these people.
Well, I mean, they're Anothers. Not people.
So the tengu added some conditions.
I know you said it was dangerous to negotiate,
but I thought this was a great opportunity.
There were times my emotions were swayed because of my Ears of Sand.
And I know that they're not always useful, after some experience,
and that negotiating can be dangerous.
But I also learned that our reasoning may not mean a thing to them,
and the fact that even angels and tengu are pretty similar to us sometimes.
By us, you mean humans?
Yes. So I want to speak to more Anothers like that.
Thanks to my Ears of Sand,
I can tell what they're saying and even found out their names.
If I can use the Ears to help us understand each other
and stop any more conflicts,
then I think that might be my calling...
Arata, come here for a sec.
Anothers and humans together...
This is truly an amazing sight to behold.
Doesn't this basically prove that he's a threat?
A threat?
I mean, he's already got the Aztec god of mischief following him around, so...
Probably a bit late to worry about that now.
Maybe I need to start changing like Arata, too.
I can't change my outlook that easily.
Feeling contradictory?
Our distance between Anothers and our fear of them...
You never know what'll happen to you with this job if you ever forget your fear.
So I get why you do the things you do, Kanoichi-san.
But the way Miyako tries to solve problems
allows me to see things I never thought I'd see.
This is something that only Miyako can do.
Okay, I'm counting on you guys!
I guess it somehow worked out in the end.
Yes.
They're imperfect.
I'm really sorry about that.
But... A promise is a promise.
Everything that happened... the sins you humans committed...
I will never forget that.
I understand.
But I shall forgive them for your sake, Seimei.
I'm Miyako Arata, Manari-sama.
Arata!
Ow...
Take a look at this! Isn't it beautiful?
I made it with that silk.
Isn't it simply gorgeous?
Jeez...
You have some nerve, after we risked our lives spinning that silk...
I'm gonna go to Izumo now.
Me, too!
Right?
Hey! You're not a Japanese god!
Look forward to some presents when I get back.
Yeah!
See ya!
All right, we're heading home, too.
Thank you for everything, Tarobo-san.
See ya!
Thank you all!
Don't sweat it.
See you later, Arata.
This time...
There were just a lot of coincidences and somehow, everything worked out okay.
If you think that'll happen every time, you're in for a world of pain.
If I were alone, that might happen.
But my Nocturnal Community Relations Division
is a team of four.
Excellent work, Miyako-kun.
Great job, Miyako.
Good work, Arata.
Th-Thank you.
Everyone worked really hard, so let's go have a party.
Great idea!
Considering the time, should we go to our usual place?
Anywhere is fine.
City Hall's buying, so eat whatever you want.
Oh, don't forget the receipt.
And the expenses will be under Kanoichi-kun's name.
Got it!
