So hot!
It's getting hotter by the day...
They say summer this year will be hot.
Sorry we only come by to cool down.
I know you don't handle heat well due to your natures.
That's right! We don't need to be shy, Yukki!
That's kinda annoying, though.
This year is particularly hot, and not just for these two.
That's true.
With the height of summer coming up,
we should consider what demis, particularly Hikari and Yuki,
can do to get by.
That's a good idea.
Every year, I worry about how I should spend the summer.
As it is, it's already pretty rough on you and Hikari-chan, huh?
Sensei, that's great! Let's do it! Right now!
Not right now.
Huh? Why not?
It's already late.
Besides, I want to think it over myself first.
Tomorrow, then?
Well, let's see...
How about Saturday?
We'll have plenty of time on Saturday.
I'm in!
How Vampires and Snow Women Can Spend Summer in Comfort
Interviews with Monster Girls
Demi-chans Want to Support
Hey, Tetsu-sensei...
Perfect timing!
We're playing soccer after school, but we're short on players.
Will you be our goalie?
No, I won't.
Why not? You have nothing else to do, right?
What, exactly, do you think teachers are?
Either way, I can't today.
I'm working on a plan to help Yuki and Hikari pass the summer in comfort.
What? Again?
Eh?
You've become the demi-chans' personal teacher, huh?
Huh? H-Have I?
Yeah, you have!
You're the only one they'll talk to about their bodies!
I am?
Yes, you are.
Oh, Vice Principal...
Hello.
Offering counsel to our demi-human students is a very good thing.
But working too hard at it causes a bit of a problem.
You need to pay attention to students who aren't demi-humans, as well.
R-Right...
Nah, I think Tetsu-sensei looks after non-demi students really well!
Uh, s-sir.
Then why do the demi-human students only rely on Takahashi-sensei?
Well...
Uh...
You're trying too hard.
If you would show some restraint,
the demi-humans' dependence on you would disperse naturally.
But I
Do you think those students
having no one but you to rely on is a good thing?
It may take time, but rather than depend on you alone,
How Vampires and Snow Women Can Spend Summer in Comfort Takahashi Tetsuo
they can resolve their problems by interacting with other people.
Would that not be a more natural course?
That... may be true.
But I do see the vice principal's point.
Huh?
Tetsu-sensei isn't the only teacher in the school.
If they could turn to lots of people, wouldn't it be better?
Would it turn out that way if Tetsu-sensei stopped trying?
Wouldn't it?
The vice principal said as much.
Satake-kun!
Please, Satake...
Satake-kyun!
If he stopped, would they turn to me instead?
Well, I don't know if they'd specifically turn to you.
Sorry.
I was trying to pass it.
He said that, huh?
Come to think of it, they've never asked me for help, either.
Yeah, I bet.
You'd probably be a last resort.
What?
S-Sorry!
Anyway, I wonder what the demi-chans need advice about.
Demi-humans are no different than regular humans, are they?
Kusakabe and Takanashi were saying they don't handle heat well.
He was wondering how they can live in comfort for summer
They really have to rely on Takahashi for every little thing like that?
Hmm... Maybe that's it!
Takanashi drinks a lot of tomato juice,
so maybe you could ask her which brand is best.
Look it up online.
Like online reviews are worth anything!
Shut up!
You know...
Should we really think of demis
as human, just like the rest of us?
Huh?
Hey, that's a little...
You're saying they aren't?
That's discrimination!
Is it?
Earlier, you said they're basically the same as regular humans,
but that means something about them is different, doesn't it?
To ignore that and treat them as normal humans...
Wouldn't that be real discrimination?
I think Takahashi
understands them very well, including those parts of them.
That's probably why they find him so easy to confide in.
And what about us?
Would a demi want to seek advice from someone
who just blindly thinks of them as normal humans?
Wouldn't that scare them? And take courage?
Maybe they want to be more at ease,
asking for help or talking about demi-human stuff.
I guess we don't really know anything about them at all...
At least, that's what I was thinking.
Yeah, maybe.
Wait, does that mean...
The reason the demi-chans only talk to Takahashi...
Actually...
You've really thought this through, huh?
Yeah, really.
I'm surprised.
I'll hit you.
Well, I probably wouldn't have ever considered all this
if there weren't any demi-chans around.
Yeah.
Sometime, maybe we should ask Tetsu-sensei about this stuff.
I agree.
But maybe he also worries about weird, little things like these.
Nah, it's fine!
Tetsu-sensei's a dependable guy.
I don't know.
I think being too dependable can actually complicate things.
Trying too hard...
How Vampires and Snow Women Can Spend Summer in Comfort Takahashi Tetsuo
Sensei!
Heya!
H-Hey...
Have you been thinking up a plan for us to handle summer?
May I hear it, too?
A-Ah, yeah... I mean...
Well...
Sorry.
Today... I've got... some things.
Interviews with Monster Girls
What was wrong with Sensei?
Did he suddenly have some work?
It didn't seem that way.
What's wrong, Yukki?
Including this time,
I think we've gotten used to having Takahashi-sensei
think about things for us and do all kinds of stuff for us.
Rather, maybe we've come to expect it of him.
What do you mean?
Like, maybe we've been taking advantage of his good will.
You think we've become a burden to him?
Nah, there's no way!
A while back, I asked Sensei...
After talking to you all these times,
I've come to think some legends about vampires are rooted in their traits,
Originated from Traits Sucking Blood Dislike of Light Aversion to Garlic
Originated from Religious Beliefs Aversion to Crosses No Reflection in Mirrors
while others are religious concepts, created by human fears.
I see!
And what do we get by knowing that?
It's fun!
That's how he acted.
Basically, he just wants to know?
Right, right. So everything is fine.
Then why did he act like that earlier?
Maybe something happened with another teacher?
If that were it, then we can't interfere.
If we can't ask Sensei, we can ask Sakki!
I'll be right back.
Hikari-chan!
I don't think that will help...
Excuse me!
Is something wrong?
Oh, is Sakki
I mean, Satou-sensei here? I wanted to ask her something.
I believe Satou-sensei is working in the schoolyard.
She's in the schoolyard? Thank you.
I'll be going, then!
We have to think about how to get along with demi-chans, too.
Well, each of us is different.
And we have no problem talking to one another about it.
I get it...
You look kinda mean, but you say some smart stuff
Huh?
I mean... That's the kind of difference you meant, right?
That was just you insulting me.
Oh!
H-Hey, what's the rush?
Have you seen Sakki?
You mean Satou-sensei?
Yeah.
She's pruning trees on the other side of the athletic field.
Got it!
Hey, Takanashi, hang on a sec.
Listen, it's about Tetsu-sensei...
Sensei?
So that's what happened.
I see...
Okay.
I'll try to do something, too.
Thanks, Satakke.
Satakke?
What the heck?!
That sounds like some kind of monster, right?
Yeah.
I did say I wanted a nickname, but come on!
Lucky... He got a nickname.
Oh... So the vice principal said that.
Yeah.
Then, that's why Takahashi-sensei...
Maybe we really were taking advantage of him.
No, that isn't true at all.
There are four demis at this school.
And I think we're truly blessed to have Takahashi-sensei here, too.
We've all been saved many times because of that fact, right?
Well, of course.
Lots of times.
But the vice principal didn't have to say that to him...
The vice principal can be strict,
but he's an admirable man, with a passion for education.
What he said wasn't wrong.
And I don't think he meant to shut Takahashi-sensei down completely.
What can we do?
I don't know if I could just start talking to someone else.
And it would make them uncomfortable.
I've got it!
Let's make Sensei feel better!
You're trying too hard.
Maybe I am...
At first, I was just interested in demi-humans.
I hate to admit it, but it was mainly personal interest.
But over time, I realized demi-chans have their own troubles.
And I wanted to help them.
I hoped I'd be able to support them.
But maybe it was unnecessary.
Those girls have a better handle on things than I realized.
I thought I'd helped Yuki with her concern over her unique nature.
But maybe I didn't need to do anything about that, either...
Getting over it by herself probably would've made her stronger.
And if she needs to rely on someone, she's better off
being able to confide in family, classmates, and many others.
Was I being too intrusive?
Souma tries to study demi-humans from a researcher's perspective.
Inbox Sender: Souma Recipient: Takahashi Tetsuo Hey, I tried sounding out my professor about researching Machi-kun, but he had a pretty glum look on his face. Ha ha ha.
Naturally, that benefits demi-humans.
And it may even
be the key to learning something that could change the world.
There's more than one way to help demi-humans.
Instead of doing it as a teacher,
maybe keeping some distance as a researcher could be an option.
Oh, from Hikari...
Inbox Sender: Takanashi Hikari Recipient: Takahashi Tetsuo Video Letter
So slow.
Okay, it's started!
Huh? Already?
Okay, first, Yukki will express her thanks to our troubled Sensei.
I-I'm not ready for this.
I'm not ready for this...
I-I'm not ready
Okay, start!
U-Um, Takahashi-sensei...
This is Yuki. Kusakabe.
Thanks for all you've done.
Um, I know you might be... well,
worried you doted on us too much,
or that you might have overreached.
Like when I came to you for advice about my physical traits.
Oh, like even if I hadn't, time would have solved the problem,
and maybe that would have been better for me.
I certainly can't deny that possibility...
Oh, but I'm not saying I think that's what I should have done!
I just mean that, in terms of possibility, no possibility is really impossible!
What I mean is, um...
I-I'm very grateful for all the advice you've given me!
One thing I can say without doubt
is that, thanks to you, my concerns over my constitution were resolved!
That's why I got to eat popsicles with the others that day,
which meant I could spend more time having fun with them!
Um, well...
My mind just went blank.
Okay! Macchi, you're next!
Takahashi-sensei, this is Machi.
Hello. How are you doing?
It hasn't been very long since I met you,
but it feels like it's been a long time.
And that's because you've done so many things for me.
Thank you very much.
Thinking about it, you were always
eager to listen, from when we first met.
It made me realize how nice talking freely with someone about dullahans is.
And you aren't only kind.
You also scolded me when I acted out of line.
You might say that's just your job as an educator.
But if nothing else, in all my life so far,
no other teacher has ever approached me so directly as a dullahan!
I'm sure you would be the same teacher
toward any student, demi or otherwise.
Even if you had no particular interest in demis,
I'm sure that if we three showed up as new students,
you would treat us the same way you do now...
I hope you'll continue to watch out for us... no, for all kinds of students.
I hope you'll advise us when we have problems,
and scold us if we do something wrong.
I'll come see you in the biology prep room again.
Thank you very much.
Oops, I applauded without thinking!
Macchi, you're a good speaker! Such an honor student!
Y-You think so?
Okay, Sakki, you're next.
Huh? I'm in this, too?
Go on, go on!
Hey, Yuki-chan! Jeez...
I was trying to keep my voice out of the recording...
Uh, Takahashi-sensei, this is Satou. Thanks for all your hard work.
The girls are the stars here, so I'll keep this simple.
I rely on you a great deal, both as a teacher and as a succubus!
I have endless respect for the way you handle everything with such sincerity!
Thank you for always helping me.
And I'll count on your continued guidance and encouragement.
Was that too formal?
If anything ever bothers you,
I'd be glad to listen as a colleague,
even though I'm still a rookie, so don't hesitate to talk to me!
I'll lend you my shoulder!
I'm sure some things aren't easy to discuss in a normal setting, so...
So...
Why don't we go for drinks sometime?
Uh, just kidding...
And that concludes our video letter!
Huh? You aren't going to talk, Hikari-chan?!
Hikari, no fair.
Oh, come on!
The end!
Sensei!
H-Hikari?
Wh-Why are you here?
Earlier, I sent you a video, but it was huge.
So I wondered if you were able to watch it, and then I saw you here.
From over there.
From way over there?
Yeah, yeah...
'Scuse me.
Did you see it?
Yeah. Thanks.
I'll thank the others, too.
Satakke told me what happened.
Satakke? Oh...
So I thought you might be down.
Yeah, I guess...
But your video made me really happy.
I feel better now.
But I still think I might have gone too far.
And maybe I should keep pace with everyone else.
No, not at all.
You can never take trying too far.
Saying a person who tried hard to move forward went too far isn't right.
For one who's trying hard, people can support them,
so their efforts are rewarded, and show their gratitude.
If they want to keep the same pace as that person,
they need to try just as hard.
Sensei!
Thank you so much for always trying so hard!
When it comes to effort, I don't want to place second to you.
So I'll also try hard, to repay all that you and everyone has done for me!
Ta-dah! That was your surprise secret video letter!
There, there...
Stop that.
You're gonna make me cry.
Vice Principal!
I'd like to talk to you.
Yes, I wanted to talk to you, as well.
Before, I asked you to reconsider your contact with demi-humans.
Yes, about that... I
Let's put that on hold.
Huh?
After lecturing you as I did, forgive my saying this.
But I'd like you to continue demonstrating
the same competence you always have.
Huh?
It's pretty heavy.
When you're used to it, it's nothing.
I didn't know your skin was this cold.
Surprised?
I bet summers really are tough for you.
How about my arm?
Hmm... Four points!
Why?
As long as there are students who are inspired by your actions,
disavowing your efforts would be wrong.
The new life I stepped into this spring with the demi-chans
was one of stimulation and excitement.
How demis live their lives, what they think,
how those who make contact with them think and how they change...
I want to consider it all much, much more!
At last,
summer is upon us!
Next Time Demi-chans Want to Swim
Demi-chans Want to Swim.
