Maccachin, behave while I'm gone, okay?
Don't you dare steal any steamed buns.
Victor, we're going to miss the flight!
Hasetsu Hot Springs Yu-topia Katsuki
Okay, I'm off to Beijing.
We'll be rooting for you.
Good luck, Yuri!
I'll be right behind you!
I haven't flown coach in a while.
Want to get some champagne?
Um, Victor, can I get some sleep?
I'm surprised you can sleep in such a cramped seat!
Hello.
I'm Katsuki Yuri, one of the top men's figure skaters certified by the JSF.
And at last...
China's On! The Grand Prix Series Opening Event!!
Sixth Skate China's On! The Grand Prix Series Opening Event!! The Cup of China Short Program
The Cup of China Short Program.
where top figure skaters will compete to determine the world's best figure skater.
Grand Prix Final
Figure Skating Grand Prix Series World Championships
This event marks the start of the race to the podium.
First Event: Skate America
Men's Singles Standings 1) Leo de la Iglesia 2) Otarek Altin 3) Guang-Hong Ji
Grand Prix Cup of China Begins Tomorrow!!! Narration: Fujino Naohiko
At Skate America,
Leo de la Iglesia won his first gold in his home country,
while Guang-Hong Ji placed third. Both will now compete in the Cup of China.
At Skate Canada, Jean-Jacques Leroy,
Second Event: Skate Canada
Men's Singles Standings 1) Jean-Jacques Leroy 2) Yuri Plisetsky 3) Emil Nekola
Grand Prix Cup of China Begins Tomorrow!!!
the bronze medalist at last year's Grand Prix Final, won the gold.
We also saw an awe-inspiring Yuri Plisetsky, age 15, win silver at his first senior event.
And finally, tomorrow will be our third event in the series, the Cup of China.
Third Event
China
Grand Prix Cup of China Begins Tomorrow!!!
Japan's late bloomer,
Katsuki Yuri, age 23, will be aiming for his second consecutive Final qualification.
My theme in this year's Grand Prix series is love.
He's declared his program theme to be love.
Katsuki Yuri, Age 23
Love Katsuki Yuri
I'll prove it to myself with a Grand Prix Final gold medal!
Survive with the power of love.
Survive with the power of love...
Huh? How much power of love do I have?
Yuri, let's go have hot pot already.
Hey, I'm in the middle of an interview!
Oh, Yakov!
Hey, hey...
Want to come eat hot pot with us?
Hey, why are you ignoring me?
Victor!
Listen, I feel sick when I see you playing pretend-coach.
I'd prefer if you'd only talk to me when you're ready to plead for your return to skating.
Got it?
Yakov's not interested.
Let's go.
Look, Yuri!
Shanghai crab!
Drunken shrimp!
Duck blood!
Vkusno!
Huh? You're not eating the shrimp?
It's right before the competition, so I want to avoid raw food.
It's really good.
I ran my mouth too much at the press conference.
What will people say if I lose after all that?
Oh, Yuri?
Phichit-kun!
Phichit Chulanont, Age 20
So this is where you were eating.
Hi.
Oh, hello.
But talk about a coincidence.
Oh, can I invite Ciao Ciao?
Huh?
You want to see him, don't you?
Not really...
Ciao, ciao!
Um, hello.
Want some shrimp?
Oh, that kind of food doesn't agree with me
It's really good!
Guang-Hong Ji, Age 17
Guang-Hong!
I thought I'd find you eating here.
Leo-kun...
First Win Leo de la Iglesia, Age 19
I was worried because you weren't answering.
Sorry, sorry.
I got a call from Phichit.
He wants me to come to a hot pot place to interpret.
Huh? But I don't like hot pot.
Victor's there, too.
I'll go!
Right?
I want a selfie with him to post online!
Okay, let's get right to it.
Yay!
Georgi Popovich, Age 27
So young...
Hurry up and finish.
Oh, sorry.
Victor's had way too much to drink.
Let's all go to a hot spring.
Celestino, keep it together!
Hot spring... Hasetsu Hot Springs, great place...
Victor.
What are you saying?
Hey! Don't strip!
This is getting kind of R-rated...
Age 19
Age 17
Is it okay to post this online?
Hey! Someone help!
Don't. Restrain yourself.
Hey, did you see the photo Phichit-kun upped?
That was pretty risque!
Phichit-kun!
Sorry.
I couldn't stop myself from sharing it online.
Hey, we managed to hold back. Cheater.
Now they'll think I was fooling around before the competition.
If I mess up now...
Yuri, why didn't you invite me?
Chris...
Looks like you got into shape.
Christophe Giacometti, Age 25
Guess your master's giving you very thorough training.
Chris!
How's it going?
I'm not motivated without you.
Hey, Victor and Chris are together!
I want a photo with them at the banquet!
You're always like that at the start of a season.
Me, too!
Victor!
Chris is right.
He can't get serious without you.
Come back to the fold.
Victor!
Are you really a coach now?
Just split up with him already.
Yuri, the sin of keeping Victor to yourself is grave.
You know it won't last. Don't you feel sorry for him?
The whole world is hoping for his return.
Now, Group 1 in the Men's Single Short Program is about to take to the ice.
Listen, Phichit.
I'm certain that these short and free skate programs
will become your signature performances.
Looks like I don't need to say anything more.
First up is Phichit Chulanont from Thailand, age 20.
After placing fourth in Skate America, the first Grand Prix Series event,
he'll need to place second or higher here in order to qualify for the finals.
This will be the first time a Thai skater performs this piece.
Write a new chapter for skating in Southeast Asia!
The music is Shall We Skate? from The King and the Skater.
The audience is already clapping to the familiar theme.
The King and the Skater was the first movie he saw,
and it's had a big influence on him.
His first planned jump is a triple axel.
Nailed it.
He's said he wanted to skate to this music for a long time.
Phichit-kun's giving everything he has to this season, too.
Many different people have skated to this music,
but I'll overwrite that history!
This music is mine!
More jumps are on the way as his program enters its second half.
The first is a combination.
A triple Lutz, followed by a triple toe loop.
Yes!
Now we have a jump added to the second half to secure a win...
The quadruple toe loop.
Oh, he fell!
But he got enough rotations in.
He got up immediately, so his program's proceeding.
Following this, he'll do a combination spin.
He's got the entire audience on his side.
He's made the music his own...
Bravo!
An amazing performance by Phichit Chulanont!
Oh, man...
Keep it together!
His short program score is 86.75!
It's his new personal best by a large margin!
RK: 1 Phichit Chulanont Total
Yeah!
Next is a skater who made a grand debut in the first event, Skate America,
by finishing third.
Here's Guang-Hong Ji from China, age 17, now competing on his home turf.
Guang-Hong! Jiayou!
He is skating to Le Parfum des Fleurs.
Phichit-kun was amazing.
Wait, I can do this.
His first planned jump is a quadruple toe loop,
which was just added to his roster this year.
Guang-Hong landed his quadruple toe loop!
After seeing Phichit-kun's performance, I'm no longer unsure.
People who want to see Victor skate will never be satisfied with my skating.
The people who're cheering for me wouldn't be satisfied with the old me, either.
If that's the case,
I want to be hated as the man who took Victor from the whole world!
Victor, is he all right?
Shh!
I've never seen Yuri like this.
Yuri, it's about to start.
Come watch with us.
I'm fine.
I'll watch from over here.
The last skater from Group 1 is Katsuki Yuri from Japan.
The time to seduce me by picturing pork cutlet bowls and women during your skate is over.
You can fight with your own personal charm.
You can envision it just fine, can't you?
Don't ever take your eyes off me.
He's far too different today.
What's flipped his switch?
K-Katsuki Yuri from Japan is skating his first program of the Grand Prix series.
The music is On Love: Eros.
He's declared this year's theme to be love.
Well, he's certainly changed drastically from previous seasons.
Maybe living with his coach, Victor, has changed things for him mentally.
Katsuki has told us he'd like to pursue eros in his short program.
They can laugh at me all they want.
They can think it's not like me.
But everyone really wants to know the new me, don't they?
Perfect!
What an amazing step sequence!
That was wonderful!
Wow.
Katsuki Yuri has planned all his jumps for the second half of the program
to get higher scores so he can win the Grand Prix Final.
Well, this will be tough.
The first planned jump is a triple axel.
Here we go, from a spread eagle into...
a triple axel.
Nice height!
Okay, next up is a quadruple Salchow.
In competition, he's landed it less than 30 of the time.
A quadruple Salchow.
He nailed it!
I'm the only one who can satisfy Victor.
I'm the only one in the whole world who knows Victor's love.
I'll prove that now.
Quadruple toe loop, followed by a triple toe loop.
He did it!
So far, all the jumps have been flawless!
He's totally different from last year...
He's about to complete a short program with the highest technical difficulty in history!
You're witnessing the birth of a new Katsuki Yuri!
Love wins!
No one can deny that this was a perfect performance!
It's a personal best for Katsuki Yuri.
Yuri!
The audience is still on their feet!
He used last season's disappointment as a springboard
to learn what love is, and he's undergone an astounding transformation!
That was perfect.
Yuri!
The kiss and cry's that way.
Well, his coach, Victor, looks very happy!
Yuri, did it feel that great?
Well, I was hoping everyone else felt great watching me.
And we have his short program score: 106.84!
A new personal best!
He's currently in first place!
Yuri!
Of course they'd feel great watching a performance like that.
You're the best student.
You don't look amused, Chris.
Focus, focus!
Wow.
He's never scored that high before.
Don't worry about it.
The free skate is where it counts.
Besides, Yuri isn't used to being the one to beat.
Listen.
You've been in Victor's shadow all this time,
but now is your chance.
Go make your mark.
Got it.
Hey, Georgi's about to start.
Whatever.
Now that Victor's gone,
I'm the new top skater in Russia.
Georgi Popovich, age 27, from Russia.
This season's theme is heartbreak.
The music is Carabosse from The Sleeping Beauty.
A triple axel.
This still cracks me up every time.
As the evil witch, Carabosse, I cast a curse on her.
Only true love's kiss can awaken her.
Dasvidaniya.
But there is no such thing as true love!
Oh, I heard he broke up with the ice dancer
he always used to post kissy photos with.
She hooked up with a different guy recently.
Did you know that, Yuri?
Shut up, hag!
A quadruple Salchow.
What an emotional performance!
Yikes, he's actually crying.
Seriously?
I'll hunt you to the ends of the earth, and I'll find you!
Forgive me. I was wrong, Georgi.
Never, you traitor!
No! Oh!
A triple Lutz, triple loop combination.
I can almost hear her terrified voice.
He's way too into this performance.
His step sequence is intense.
I will cast an eternal curse on her.
I am an evil witch!
My curse will cause her to sleep for eternity.
Georgi,
I'm finally seeing a performance worthy of who you are.
Georgi Popovich's short program score is 98.17.
He is currently in second place.
Oh, right.
His ex is also competing in the Cup of China.
Seriously?
That's gotta suck.
Leo de la Iglesia, age 19, from the United States.
Leo-kun's performance has been really polished ever since the first event.
The music is Still Alive, choreographed by the skater himself.
It's a song I like, so I just want to skate the way I see the music.
That's all.
A triple axel.
I want to fill the whole world with things I like!
Man, Leo-kun's so cool.
He's switched things up even more since Skate America.
After winning Skate America,
he is closest among those competing in the Cup of China
to qualifying for the Grand Prix Final.
There are no quads in his program,
but he's earned high marks for the five program components, such as interpretation.
A triple flip, triple toe loop combination.
He's nailing all the elements to go for a high score!
All I know for sure is that I have no idea how I would've found courage in myself
if I hadn't come across music.
A triple Lutz.
He nailed the last jump with a flourish!
This program maximizes Leo-kun's strengths.
That was Leo de la Iglesia from the United States.
Hear the crowd roar! That was a solid short program!
What an amazing program after Skate America!
RK: 3 Leo de la Iglesia Total
Leo de la Iglesia's short program score is 87.98.
Thanks! Bravo!
He is currently in third place.
Wow.
Man, Leo-kun beat me, too.
Damn it...
The final skater is Christophe Giacometti, age 25, from Switzerland.
He's the silver medalist in last year's Grand Prix Final.
He's just oozing sex appeal!
I thought it'd be a boring season without Victor,
but I don't want to lose to you, Yuri.
Mature eros is my specialty.
The music is Intoxicated.
He's planned a quadruple Lutz right off the bat.
Oh, it turned into a triple.
Oh, well...
I'll take it slow so I peak at the Grand Prix Final.
A combination spin. Beautiful position and speed.
He said he wasn't finding motivation,
but Chris never goes into a major slump.
He's a slow starter, so he doesn't try to peak in the first event.
But today, he's really going all-out on sex appeal.
Yuri, your innocent sex appeal is a violent force.
I'm the only one in the world who can win against that.
A triple axel.
I won't be able to settle down until I show just how far ahead of you I am.
A triple flip, followed by a triple toe loop.
There he goes!
His last spin is met with loud cheers from the crowd!
I think I'm gonna come...
Christophe Giacometti has delivered a euphoric short program!
He's entranced us all!
Chris!
He's a weapon of mass sex appeal.
I guess today's sex appeal award goes to Chris.
The ice looks soaking wet.
RK: 5 Christophe Giacometti Total
Christophe Giacometti's short program score is 85.60.
He's ended the short program in fifth place.
Huh?
Then am I...
6th Place
I've still got a chance!
5th Place
I'm good at catching up.
I'm confident about my free program.
4th Place
I'm gunning to pass you in the free program, Yuri.
3rd Place
I'll get my ticket to the Grand Prix Final with my free program!
2nd Place
Finishing in second is within my expectations for the short program.
I won't lose to a third-rate coach.
At the end of the men's short program here at the Cup of China,
1st Place
Katsuki Yuri from Japan is in first place!
That boy isn't used to being in first place.
Skater Katsuki, your thoughts on the upcoming free skate?
I hope he'll be okay.
W-With my coach, Victor, I'll win with the power of love!
First Place After Short Program Katsuki Yuri!!!
Win, win!
To Be Continued!!!
Hey, listen up!
My Yuri's in first going into the free skate!
Victor!
He scored a personal best after a flawless performance!
Come on!
Next time, Seventh Skate: China's On! The Grand Prix Series Opening Event!!
The Cup of China Free Skate.
Seventh Skate China's On! The Grand Prix Series Opening Event!! The Cup of China Free Skate
Pressure?
No!
