Get off your butts and start doing damage!
Up the tempo, and whittle down his health!
Defeating him and solving the problem are different things.
Fortress Stance!
Time to see what my new shield and armor can do!
Wish strongly, and keep thinking to make it come true.
Continue to train, without giving up.
These are the lessons we must hand down.
Hurry!
Shiroe's team will lead the attack!
Nice! Nice!
500 dogs is a lucky sign!
You can't get this excitement in real life!
Stupid.
William, defeat the enemy!
The bigger the pinch you overcome,
the better the food tastes after!
Do you guys love pumpkins?
Guild vs. Guild After-Halloween Athletic Meet!!
We sure do!
We swear on our guild master's glasses and Takayama's good work card
that we will win!
Planning Committee
Me, too...
You're on the planning committee. You stay here and work.
No! I want to play tug-of-war, too!
Shiroe of the Northern Lands
Shiroe of the Northern Lands.
After-Halloween Planning Committee
By the way, why After-Halloween?
Remember the Halloween event?
Indeed.
The one held during the last three days of October,
where monsters drop pumpkins when defeated, yes?
So, since we ended up with too many pumpkins,
we decided to do something with them as a prize.
Marielle the strategist thinks of everything!
Air glasses?
But still...
Akihabara has become so peaceful.
That's right.
We were suddenly sent to a world exactly like a video game,
and we decided we had to do something,
so we founded the Round Table.
There were all kinds of things we'd never get to experience in real life.
Everyone truly worked hard.
Including Serara.
Using your hands is against the rules!
And if you drop the bun, you pay for it!
Win and have a pumpkin party with Nyanta!
Win and have a pumpkin party with Nyanta!
And Tohya and Minori.
Tohya, don't just fling it as hard as you can!
You need to watch how the phantoms move!
Roger!
Okay, leave it to me!
And Isuzu and Rudy.
Everyone ready?
In the face of teamwork like ours,
a race where we have to synchronize our timing is nothing.
Set!
Hey, it's already started!
What?!
So, this is the obstacle course?
Nice fight!
Way to go, Akatsuki!
She's amazing!
In first place is Akatsuki, from Log Horizon!
I'll win this fight, my lord.
Akatsuki!
You're awesome!
Congrats!
I wish little Shiro and the rest could've participated.
It can't be helped.
There's still a lot to do.
Guild Building Japan Server Akihabara City/ No Monsters No PVP Entry Restrictions/ None Exit Restrictions/ None
Yeah...
Underground Corridor Japan Server Akihabara Separate Zone/ No Monsters No PVP Entry Restrictions/ None Exit Restrictions/ None
They're just armor.
There's nothing inside.
I know that, but...
They're still Royal Guards, right?
The Royal Guard only attacks adventurers when they fight in a no-combat zone.
That's true, but...
Shiroe is late.
I wonder if the negotiations aren't going well.
They haven't gone well from the start.
How many times have we come here?
The Kunie Clan...
Aren't they the clan that controls the banks? The flow of money in this world?
It isn't only the banks.
They control the Royal Guard system and all the lifelines.
Supposedly, they also maintain the barriers that keep monsters out of towns.
Kinjou Race/ Half-Alv Successor, Lv. 50 Kunie Clan
You're sure it's impossible?
It goes against an ancient treaty.
Then, could we arrange financing from the Kunie Clan?
Unlikely.
As you all know, the Round Table
has purchased the Guild Building, Cathedral, Trade Building,
and several other facilities around the city.
We do this to ensure that they will not fall into enemy hands.
But...
The costs are incredible.
It all runs ten million gold a month.
Wasn't the cost of this building five million gold?
We're paying twice that a month?
Well, it's obvious that the Round Table is going to go broke.
We won't be able to do festivals or athletic meets anymore.
We have bigger problems than that.
Have you told the rest of the town?
Not yet.
Right now, it isn't a good idea for the Round Table to show weakness.
You're concerned about the South?
Plant Hwyaden...
There are rumors about them in town.
This Plant Hwyaden guild is running a dictatorship in the South, right?
But it sounds like it's going well.
I've got a friend in the South.
He contacts me now and then.
I won't say that a dictatorship is always evil, but...
Crusty and Isaac aren't here now, either.
The goblin army advance began with an event from when this was still a game,
Return of the Goblin King.
The adventurers of Akihabara won a major victory at Zantleaf,
and began an invasion of the main goblin camp at Seventh Fall.
Crusty and Isaac went as commanders,
and Karashin and Akaneya went to support them as the rear guard.
I can't see the South becoming an immediate threat.
So what do you intend to do?
Thank you for waiting, everyone!
Tonight, we'll be having Nyanta's special pumpkin feast!
It's good, but...
It's literally nothing but pumpkins.
Chief, I want some meat...
Pumpkins are full of nutrients.
And they warm your body, too.
Don't be a picky eater. Please eat them.
No, um...
Meat!
Tenth-Place Prize
I think it's amazing that we got tenth place.
So what's that, Minori?
Some guy I've never seen said it was a participation prize, and insisted I take it.
That's really scary!
That's a goat-slime doll!
Oh, is that one of those creepy-cute items I've heard about?
I don't understand what guys like.
In that sense, you're more mature... Calmer, sort of.
I see... It didn't work out, huh?
Then what's Shiroe doing?
Minori, come to think of it, I didn't see Shiroe at today's festival.
Yeah, it looks like he's busy with work.
I think his bad habit might be coming back.
I guess it's the only way.
Now, give this memento to our guild master!
That's right!
No, don't...
Oh, Shiroe!
Done working, huh?
Yeah... Hi.
My lord...
Look at this.
It was our tenth-place prize.
O-Oh... It's amazing, yeah.
Shiroe, here. I'm sure you're tired.
Thanks, Minori.
Is your work really hard?
Yeah, sort of.
So, there's something I want to tell you all.
Shiro, what did you just say?
Well, like I said...
I'm planning to leave Akihabara.
Impossible!
No way!
Just 30 days (or so) until Christmas!
What will we do about Christmas?
It's only a month from now!
Well? What will we do?
Is that the issue?
Tearstone Mountains Japan Server Oou Field/ Monsters Present PVP Permitted Skill Use Permitted Entry Restrictions/ None Exit Restrictions/ None
Top Secret
How did it go?
Nothing to report.
Some snow, a little wind.
I see.
Thanks.
Sure.
Thanks.
Well? Don't you think you can tell me now?
It's been ten days since then.
Leave Akihabara?
What do you mean, Shiroe?
I haven't told you all, but Akihabara has a problem right now.
I can't tell you the details.
But I think it's the only way to solve this problem.
My lord...
Then where are you going?
I can't tell you that, either.
I wish you'd trust us more, guild master.
There's a possibility that there are Southern spies in Akihabara.
You don't know where information might leak.
Exactly.
I see.
We need to keep our lips zipped.
What will you tell the Round Table?
I plan to tell Crusty, Isaac, and Soujirou.
We believe in you, Shiroe.
Thanks.
And so, Naotsugu, while I'm gone
Nope!
A pitcher needs a catcher.
An enchanter needs a guardian.
I'm going with you.
My lord!
I-I'll go, too.
You stay here in Akihabara, Akatsuki.
I need to ask a favor that only you can do.
So, if you need money, why are we in these snowy mountains?
We can't get it by normal methods.
It's a little too much.
A little?
In all, about eighty trillion.
E-Eighty trillion?!
Yeah.
Even if we got every gold piece owned by every adventurer in the world,
it probably wouldn't be enough.
Do you really need all that for Akihabara's facilities?
Um... Excuse me, Shiroe?
Your guest is here.
Why are you half-hidden?
Is it all right if I say it's been a while?
That's fine with me.
This is Regan,
the Sage of Miral Lake.
Do you know who he is?
You see his name all the time in flavor text, but...
I never knew he was such a dull-looking old man.
I still can't believe it.
Yes, of course.
I am the Kunie Clan's representative.
My name is Kinjou.
Hello, hello.
I'm honored to meet a member of the Kunie Clan.
The honor is mine.
The representative of the adventurers, the great mage Shiroe,
and Regan, the Sage of Miral Lake.
Even our great ancestors
would never have imagined a meeting such as this.
This wonderful meeting is enhanced even further by your presence.
The Kunie Clan...
A mysterious race that carries on the technology of a magical civilization.
My heart swells with expectation!
Expectation?
Yes.
Shiroe is, after all, a man full of surprises.
Oh? I am pleased to hear it.
I called you here for an important reason.
You need money.
Financing.
Yes.
I told you this in Akihabara, but...
You chose this place for our meeting
because you know it's where our village is.
Regan told me.
So Miral Lake has such records, then.
With Regan's cooperation, I was able to determine
that the Kunie Clan's village is near the Tearstone Mountains.
I know where you live.
That's no more than a threat, right?
But...
I'd love to accept a request from you, but...
I cannot.
Why?
It goes against an ancient treaty.
Then it's just like what I found on my own.
Banks in this world will neither loan nor invest money outside.
They'll repay the money they've been given.
That's all.
It looks like the moneylender job class doesn't exist in this world.
And all the money
is gained by defeating monsters.
The whole world has one common currency.
You can get money by defeating monsters, correct?
Yes, that's right.
And from treasure chests in dungeons.
Sometimes, you'll get several hundred gold pieces at once.
It's thanks to the bravery of the adventurers.
If we can't get funding from the Kunie Clan,
then why don't we get the money from the one
who puts it there, before he does so?
Shiro, you can't mean...
When you defeat monsters, you earn money.
That's how a game works.
But that isn't realistic at all.
When Elder Tale was a game,
there was a story about
an ancient, powerful magic device that would give reborn souls gold coins.
He's going to use that?
Wait, is there even such a thing?
And you believe that is possible?
Monster reincarnation can be explained via spirit theory.
But who gives them the money?
I read every single ancient record in Miral Lake.
And... I found it.
The Kunie Clan's gold.
In the deepest depths of Palm,
there is said to be a great whirlpool of gold.
And the Sage of Miral Lake fifteen generations ago performed a sealing there.
I confirmed it.
It's sealed with Miral Lake's technology, but breaking it won't be that hard.
That's what you were up to?
Then you will get your money from this golden whirlpool?
Yes.
And you think this gold has something to do with the Kunie Clan?
Yes.
So wouldn't getting your gold there mean you'd be stealing it?
Does the Round Table wish to plunder it?
That's why I called you here.
We don't want to fight the Kunie Clan.
What would you use all that money for?
If I explain,
is there a chance you'll help us?
None.
It goes against an ancient treaty.
Why did Shiroe talk to Kinjou?
He could've just taken the gold.
For his goals, Shiroe will do whatever it takes.
But...
It's different when he wants to make friends.
Friends?
He wanted to talk to them.
He didn't want to lie.
But the way he talks isn't very good.
What do you mean?
The guy from the Kunie Clan is a big believer in secrets.
And Shiro...
When he's making a new contract or doing business with a new person,
he wants everyone to reveal all their secrets,
so he knows where they're coming from and he can tell them everything about himself.
He wants to make sure their interests align,
and then show them he's a good partner who can be trusted!
Were you a merchant, Naotsugu?
I was in sales, actually.
Sales?
Is that a negotiation skill or something?
Jeez, I wish he'd open up more.
What do you think he meant by that?
Then let us meet there.
The meandering river and the forgotten underground garden,
where gold that appears from the void disappears into the void.
But you will need the company of many in order to get there.
How will you reach the spring in the deepest depths?
The Kunie Clan's answer will depend upon the result of your challenge.
The company of many...
He clearly means there'll be a large-scale battle, a raid.
In the depths of Palm, there's a raid zone.
And unless we clear it, we can't have the gold.
I'd expected it, but...
That means we'll need people.
Yeah.
But I can't bring the Round Table members.
The South is watching them.
I don't want them to know what we're up to.
Then what do we do?
I know a place we could go.
My lord...
I failed.
I was naIve.
I couldn't trust them enough.
You were defeated, Akatsuki?
I see.
So was I.
I died.
It's been a heck of a Christmas Eve, my lord.
We land to the far north.
There, we find a man whose name is William Massachusetts.
The guild master of a proud fighting guild.
A man who once broke off relations with Shiroe.
And another... Demikas,
a man whose life Shiroe once took.
Next time: The Outlaw and Mithril Eyes.
The Outlaw and Mithril Eyes
Rise up once more.
