At 18:00 Space Standard Time,
a GDF Special Forces unit set up transmission satellites
to replace the ones destroyed by the United Pan-Galactic Empire,
also known as Wulgaru.
However, the unit was rushed by a Wulgaru squad.
Although they tried to counter the attack, they were nonetheless overpowered
and the replacement transmission satellites were destroyed.
Consequentially, we are currently unable to send transmissions to Undina.
Several years have passed since the invading
Surprise Attack
Wulgaru army suddenly appeared in our solar system,
but we still do not know the
motive behind their invasion and acts of destruction.
The news keeps going on about us.
So Wulgaru are actually called the Half Fried Rice Tofu Empire...
That wasn't even close...
Are you too stupid to even have common sense?
I can go through life without common sense!
What type of retort was that?
They keep showing the clip where I botched it.
Check out my Asagi Special.
Knock it off! Not before my checkup.
Man, even our cutting-edge units look pathetic...
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Nah, you didn't make us wait any!
I'd like the boys to proceed to Examination Room 1
and the girls to proceed to the Measurements Room.
Okay!
I've gained! I knew I gained weight!
Let's try that again...
It will turn out the same each time.
It just says I've gained because of the sudden bursts of gravity!
I don't wanna drink that...
You can choose from a selection of flavors.
It comes in yogurt, vanilla and chocolate.
I'll let you decide!
Sheesh! That crazy stunt is giving us a run for our money.
Could you make the five units activate quicker?
Forget it!
Just getting them all operational is near-enough miraculous.
That isn't good enough!
I can't do what I can't do.
And could you make the linkage a simpler auto function?
I'll think about it.
None of them have mastered the JURIA-SYSTEM yet,
so it's our job to help them however we can.
Please take your job more seriously, Head Mechanic.
There is a difference between serious and frantic, Rin-Rin.
You've gotta relax some. Otherwise you're going to break.
A Special Forces unit set up new transmission satellites.
When rushed by a Wulgaru squad, they tried to counter the attack.
However, they were-
Not again!
You've got it lucky!
They only show the part where you managed to fire a shot.
Just like a hero to steal the glory.
Thank you!
That wasn't a compliment!
Huh? But you just said...
You're all done.
Detailed reports will be ready in a few days,
but from what I saw today, everyone seems to be doing fine.
Thank you very much.
Isn't that great news?
Totally!
Have you finished your exams?
Uh, yes.
Then move over to the briefing room.
Huh?
We will explain your next mission there.
Everyone, get running!
How are they?
From what I saw, I'm worried about psychological fatigue.
I believe they could use some down time instead of another mission.
Aren't those children more developed than normal humans in some areas?
Toshikazu Asagi is able to process vast amounts of data.
Kei Kugimiya has highly developed auditory perception.
Tamaki Irie has an abnormally high G-tolerance.
Ataru Suruga has outstanding memory in select areas.
Izuru Hitachi has an excellent capacity to concentrate.
But it looks like these strengths are hard on their bodies.
Why did you choose those five?
I'm sure there were more evenly balanced students.
All five of them showed top-class survival instincts.
That made them ideal pilots for AHSMB units,
which were installed with the JURIA-SYSTEM.
I see...
Also, about Izuru Hitachi...
He may require a reexamination.
Why is that?
I cannot pinpoint the problem, hence the reexamination.
I see.
Jeez, what are they going to make us do next?
This is depressing.
At ease.
Sir.
GDF Headquarters is calling you to arms.
They found an enemy supply route.
Your next mission will be to launch a surprise attack on their supply ships.
We're attacking them?
That is why it's called a surprise attack!
The mission commences in 36 hours. That is all.
Sir, could you go over the mission in more detail...?
I will right before you set out.
Uh, were we the ones assigned to this mission?
That was a pointless question.
Yesterday's mission ended in failure
and we still aren't accustomed to piloting the AHSMBs.
Your opinion has been dismissed.
They'll brutalize me if I fail again...
I thought we'd finally become heroes, but we're still losers...
Will we be the Failure Five forever?
Team Rabbits!
You have been authorized to take a day and a half off.
The ship is ready for takeoff as soon as you are ready.
Time off?
Right!
You get to go on a vacation, albeit a short one.
Meet Your Special Someone in this Charming and Relaxing Vacation Spot PARADISE RESORT
Awesome!
Isn't this is a super expensive resort?
Resort! Vacation! Romance!
Time off before a mission?
So we won't die with any regrets?
Guys, you should be happy about this!
Resort. Vacation! ROMANCE!
Enough with that lame cheer.
We're only getting a day and a half off.
After that, we have to hit the enemy with a sneak attack.
Even so...!
Resort! Vacation! Romance! Yay!
Whoo boy! Look at all the babes!
And all the dudes!
However, the unit was rushed by a Wulgaru squad
and the replacement transmission satellites were destroyed.
Uh, aren't you getting hungry? Why don't we grab a bite to eat?
I don't want your commiseration!
They're open all hours of the day, huh?
Just what I'd expect from a resort!
No matter what we eat, the army's footing the bill, right?
I'm getting curry!
A big bowl of rice with salted fish guts!
They won't have that.
Those are the kids they're showing on the news.
Yeah. I'm just like, Are they gifted or not?
What are they doing here?
Did they finish a mission?
It's not like this is anything new, y'know?
When you get down to it, we're the Failure Five.
We may have high specs, but we're still failures for some odd reason.
We heard that crap all the time at school, remember?
Everyone at school saying that
isn't the same as the whole galaxy saying it!
I'm going to the cottage.
Same.
Damn, they're such party poops!
They should enjoy the resort since we're here!
Seriously.
Thank you for waiting.
Here is your white rice and pickled fish guts.
Who ordered the curry?
Man, the party's starting to heat up!
I'm totally getting pumped!
I'm going.
Wait! If you're gonna hit the town...
No, I'm going to train.
Train?
After a hero fails, 80 of the time he goes on a training spree!
Where's Asagi?
Sleeping.
Where are Suruga and Tamaki?
They said that they were going to enjoy their vacation.
Kei?
Yes?
You've got some cream here...
Cake!
It'll be ready soon. Want some?
Well?
It's sweet, I guess...
It wouldn't be a cake if it wasn't sweet.
It's super sweet.
Got a problem with my recipe?!
Uh, no!
I wonder what we're doing in a place like this.
Until just recently, we were students.
I figured we'd be put on the battlefield eventually,
but this was so sudden...
They keep sending us on one mission after the next.
They even ordered us to take leave...
But we can't choose anything else for ourselves, can we?
We were born to fight.
All of our memories were erased before we entered the academy...
If they order us to go, we have no choice but to fight.
Sometimes it's too much to bear.
Just what am I?
I can't even make decisions for myself.
Izuru, doesn't it bother you?
It doesn't matter.
Even if I don't have a past,
even if my future is nasty, it doesn't matter to a hero.
What?
When I first entered the academy,
I spent all of my time reading the manga in the dorm.
Those manga were brimming with cool heroes.
I thought it would be awesome if I could be like them.
I think that if we can accomplish something,
it will prove that we were born for a reason precisely because we started with nothing.
We may be the Failure Five, but let's work to become heroes together!
Heroes, huh?
Would you like another slice of cake?
Gimme just a sec!
Could you tell me what you think?
I just know you'll appreci-
No!
Ladies, you've got such nice bodies!
If I compared you to guns,
I'd say you're as wonderful as the
Beretta Cx4 Storm designed by Master Giugiaro.
It has an elegant bodyline with curves reminiscent of a violin!
At any rate, practicality has nothing to do with the pursuit of a beautiful body!
At any rate, practicality has nothing to do with the pursuit of a beautiful body!
Why'd we all come to the pool?
Of course, guns overflowing with beautiful functionality rock!
Because this is a resort?
But your dazzlingly beautiful bodylines make you like
Say...
Hell no.
thoroughbreds amongst pack horses, diamonds amongst glass beads
and silver chips amongst lead balls!
At last! Resort! Vacation! Romance!
He has a girlfriend...
She must be his sister!
Who are you?!
Hey!
Let us be off.
But I still haven't told him how I feel!
Hey, can he swim?
Don't invite us to the friggin' pool if you can't swim.
I-I'm sorry.
Hey, so, do you know that girl? Who was she?
No, I don't...
And you tried to ask her out? I could never do that!
You did not say that.
But... I've seen her somewhere...
How was your vacation?
Go get changed and meet back here in one hour.
A man from GDF Headquarters will be supervising this mission;
you will meet him then.
This is GDF's Vice Chief of Staff, Captain Komine.
Attention!
At ease.
The Vice Chief of Staff will personally command this upcoming mission.
That is an indication of just how important this operation is.
Thus far, the GDF has only fought in defense.
But with the completion of these new AHSMB
units and you as their highly-trained pilots,
we are finally able to take an aggressive stance and initiate an attack.
This mission is crucial for stopping the Wulgaru invasion. Therefore-
Sir, I apologize for interrupting your speech,
but could you please introduce me?
This is my adjutant, Lt. Amane.
Explain the upcoming mission.
We discovered a set Wulgaru route from beta 25 to 27
on Jupiter's third quadrant orbital grid.
We believe there is a high probability that it is a supply route.
This is where we will strike!
It is currently amidst a particularly strong solar storm.
Soon the area will be bathed in extremely powerful CME
Note: CME is the acronym for Coronal Mass Ejection
and high-energy charged particles.
As a result, many electronics,
including radar, should be rendered temporarily inoperable.
Wait for the enemy to go blind
and then crush them when they fall into disarray!
You will wait for the solar flare to pass behind a planetoid
that has a powerful shield in place.
It will take 24 seconds at full speed
to reach the enemy's anticipated location from behind the shielded planetoid.
We expect the enemy's systems to recover in 40 seconds.
You have 16 seconds to destroy everything and pull back.
This operation requires clockwork precision.
As such, I shall be issuing the orders from start to finish.
You are still inexperienced soldiers fresh from the academy.
You may possess latent abilities, but you are painfully lacking in experience.
You must not perform pathetically like in your prior operation.
Have I made myself clear?
We have dedicated a large portion
of our budget to you, not just the AHSMB units!
If you fail to perform accordingly, it defeats the point in ever creating you!
Sir, it is about time they prepared for takeoff.
The AHSMBs' maintenance is complete. You may see them if you like.
I could show you the way.
You are to go to your cockpits.
How dare he say, It defeats the point in creating you?!
It's not like he's our creator or anything!
Grr! He totally pissed me off!
Perform pathetically like last time, huh?
That's what got you upset?
Well, this time we're going after supply ships.
And we should have the upper hand since it's a surprise attack.
I don't want you to trying to make me feel better!
In any event, we have to fight under some
old fart who resembles a squashed cream puff.
Yep! Let's do our best!
That's not how most people would typically respond.
Pay attention to the conversation.
Stupy-dupy poopy.
Quit randomly trying to console people.
Gordinion is ready for takeoff.
Roger.
Commander Simon, what will you be doing?
I will remain on standby here.
Understood. That would make things less strenuous on me as well.
I will be careful with how I inform the Vice Chief of Staff.
Where is Simon?
He is on standby at Headquarters.
Well, it was merely his job to nurse the MJP.
It is our job to properly utilize them.
Takeoff in T minus 30 seconds.
Heavy armor?
Are we getting fully outfitted'cause the Vice Chief of Staff is in command?
The grill ads are gone!
Probably because this isn't getting aired.
That or we've lost our sponsors.
Already?
May I not goof up this time! May I not goof up this time!
I've confirmed that the Pits are in position for blast off.
All vessels are prepared for blast off.
All ships: Blast off!
Thank you.
I hear they went to a resort.
When do you think we'll get to go?
Wulgaru ships spotted at Point D7.
All units, get into battle formation!
I'm putting them on the screen.
A supply fleet? Really?
What are those?
They don't appear to be supply ships.
Then what are they?
I believe this is an armed reconnaissance squadron.
Wasn't this a supply route?!
That was merely speculation.
You are the one who determined it to be a supply route.
We should avoid contact.
Are you saying to pull back without achieving anything?!
Doesn't the JURIA-SYSTEM demonstrate its prowess best in situations like this?!
Commence Operation Night Blow!
Commence the operation!
Mission: Start!
I had the units fully outfitted just to be safe
as we were unsure what type of enemy vessels they may encounter.
That's a given!
Attack!
Orders to attack?
My AHSMB is terrified!
You mean you are!
No!
Don't run from a fight! Attack!
I'll cover you!
They're quick!
They're fast! This squadron is using cutting-edge units!
Incoming attack from the front right!
They're quick to dodge.
Here's the next attack!
And they're good at defense.
They can't win! Issue a retreat.
I can't do that!
We are clearly at a disadvantage!
If you're going to state your opinion, give information to back it!
How are they at a disadvantage?!
Can't you see that for yourself?
I can't hit'em!
How are we supposed to fight them?!
Rose 3!
S-sir!
What are you doing?! Charge!
Didn't you hear me? Charge at full speed!
Uh, okay!
Wait, Tamaki!
Rose 3, activate shields!
Tamaki?!
My shields...!
Tamaki!
Loss
