Bellows!
You've got a delivery!
Hey, thanks.
Good work.
Thank you!
It looks like you've cheered up some.
I can't stay sad forever.
Apparently, Flange and the others are staying in the Sea of Mist.
The Milky Way winds that direction, so if we stay on this course, we'll pass close by.
We might find out how they're doing, too.
I just hope Pinion doesn't mess things up.
If everyone's safe, I don't care about the rest.
See you!
Hey! What is that?!
It's huge! Don't tell me they're pirates?!
Fleet Commander!
Sound the alarm to all ships in the fleet!
However, don't act carelessly.
Order Pinion to...
Never mind, I'll tell him.
Ledo!
Commander Kugel... Commander, is that you?!
Long time no see, Ledo.
It's great to see you alive and well.
You too, Commander...
I picked up your distress signal,
but I was on the other side of the planet, you see.
If you'd sent out a transmission, I would have gone to you.
It was necessary to stay radio silent.
Can you come over here?
Yes, sir. Ensign Ledo is setting out to rejoin your command.
What is that?
Are they pirates?
It's gigantic! We could be in deep shit!
Pinion, wouldn't we be better off just escaping?
Escape? Escape where?!
Come on, we got the cannon and the tin can on our side.
Let's fire a shot off their port bow by way of greeting.
Yeah!
Huh...
Angle of elevation set!
Ready to launch!
Fire!
Fire!
How do you like that? Did we knock some sense...
Wha...?!
W-What was that?!
It was like lightning...
What the hell do you think you're doin' to my treasure?!
What's that?
The tin can?
No, it's different...
Hey, Ledo! Where's Ledo?!
This is Ensign Ledo.
I am now returning to the command of the Galactic Alliance of Humankind army.
Hey! What are you talkin' about?!
Ledo! Tin can!
Supreme Ruler of Terror
Guide signal received. Now landing.
What are they doing?
Unknown. Conjecture: Collective action to indicate military proficiency.
These people are under military command?
envoy from the sky, clad in lightning giant.
In the name of providence, we wish you blessings of prosperity and peace.
What's she saying?
Speculation: She used an idiomatic expression referring to a Machine Caliber or pilot.
Where is Commander Kugel?
This way.
Follow me.
Please wait here.
I beg your pardon for using a holograph.
Commander Kugel!
I can't believe we're meeting on this planet! You were safe all this time!
Not safe. I have an endemic disease.
To remain in a sterile environment, I can't leave the cockpit.
Are you okay?
No problem.
I see.
Issuing orders from here is surprisingly a pain.
I can imagine.
It helps that you're here.
Well? Will you follow me again?
Of course, Commander!
From Chamber K6821 to Striker X3752,
requesting information on relevant endemic disease.
From Striker X3752 to Chamber K6821,
request granted. Transmitting information.
Hey, we're surrounded.
This doesn't look good.
We've got the treasure.
You sure we're gonna be okay?!
Don't panic. Worse comes to worst, the tin can will...
Didn't it leave a little while ago?
It's all over...
O-Okay, calm down.
We don't even know what they want yet...
They're obviously after the relics!
How would they know about it?!
Because you announced it to the world!
How are you gonna get us out of this?!
Well, I, uh... Sorry.
Is this any time to be squabbling?
You stay out of it!
Look at what's going on around you. Then everyone return to your posts!
Thanks for that.
I heard the owner of that weapon is Ledo's friend...
Yeah...
Then there was more than one visitor from the sky...
But what in the world does Ledo's friend intend to do with us?
Emergency!
You've got a message from the fleet!
Flange here. What's wrong?
They're demanding to see a representative.
What do they want?
They didn't say.
They must be after the relics. I'll go.
Wait! I'm the one who called the bastards over.
I'll talk to them.
Don't be ridiculous. I can't give you the responsibility of diplomatic negotiations.
Um, actually...
They've designated Pinion of the Sea of Mist as the representative.
See? It's my time to shine.
Don't be stupid...
If you become a hostage,
who's gonna keep the fleet together?
I see your point, but...
Don't worry!
After I brought this fine state of affairs down upon us, nobody's gonna follow me.
I'm gettin' what I deserve.
Understood. Just be sure to act cautiously.
Sure. Well, see ya later.
Pinion!
They're telling you to wait. They'll bring a boat over.
Is that right?
After I brought this fine state of affairs down upon us, nobody's gonna follow me.
Shut up, would ya?
You're overreacting. People don't think that way.
Oh yeah?
You've always been a screw-up.
Nobody's gonna wash their hands of you over something like this.
That's much appreciated.
Here it comes!
Wha...?! Huh?
That's...
Pinion of the Sea of Mist. That is you, isn't it?
Yeah. I never thought I'd meet the Great Pirate Lukkage here.
You can just call me Lukkage.
And one more thing...
For the time being, you'd best watch your tongue.
Right...
Everybody looks hard up. Aren't they gettin' enough to eat around here?
The weak serve the strong.
That's divine providence, apparently.
That's their god?
That's a lightning giant.
They're supposed to be envoys of god that deliver holy judgment.
Even as the humans of this planet are blessed with this environment,
they're overwhelmed by and live in terror of the Hideauze.
Our duty is teaching them how to fight
and enlightening them about the dignity of the human race.
About that, Commander...
The Hideauze...
They're humans!
You mean formerly humans.
Commander, you knew?!
Among the higher-ups, it was tacitly understood.
But for soldiers like us on the front line, that's unnecessary information.
Unnecessary?
The Hideauze just live and reproduce as they desire.
They cannot be called humans.
Yes, sir.
The strong and the weak support each other through rationality.
They each have their own ways to contribute and build a society.
That's what humans are.
That may be true, but...
I brought order to this fleet.
As a result of the current system,
there's been a marked improvement in the level of happiness of fleet members.
Request: Definition of happiness in this context.
According to the philosophy of the Galactic Alliance,
happiness is the realization
of a circumstance in which the individual renders service to the entire group
and the cost-benefit performance of that is at the greatest efficiency.
As such, happiness is commensurate with the degree of stability of command.
Agreed on the definition and the conclusion.
Really?
Hey, Ledo,
how about trying to change this planet with me?
Here.
Nobody's here?
What the hell is this?
This is cool!
Like this...
How about that?
That's right...
What the hell? A communication device?
The remaining humans on Earth require an improvement in technical proficiency.
This was a test to measure your technical ability, Pinion of the Sea of Mist.
Conclusion: You have an aptitude for it.
I've heard that fancy pants way of talking before.
Don't tell me you're a relative of the tin can?
I am a Pilot Support Enlightenment Interface System, Striker X3752.
And what does the great Striker want with me?
Your ability to repair weapons that are brought up from the ocean floor is admirable.
But only emergency measures are taken as basic operating principles are not understood.
Ain't my fault!
Like I'm supposed to know how machines were put together way back when?
I am prepared to provide you with information on their construction.
That's...
With your ability, you need not stop at repairing weapons.
You may be able to design and produce new weapons.
You're givin' me way too much credit.
Conclusion: You have the ability to learn that technology.
My final request is for you to become an engineering officer.
An officer?!
I ain't no soldier!
More importantly, can you guarantee the safety of our fleet?
It is valid human resources that should not be wasted.
Wasted?
Whatever, if you guarantee its safety, I guess I could help you out.
I have great expectations of your progress.
Please, before you dine...
It will be over soon if you do as you're told.
Who the hell do you people think you are?
Hold still if you want to be finished quickly.
This is Pinion of the Sea of Mist to my fellow human beings.
Commitment and cooperation are what make humans human.
By joining the Flange fleet with the Kugel fleet,
we would acquire even more prosperity and peace.
I seek a wise judgment from my fellow humans.
Is what it says...
It's a nice way of demanding that we surrender.
Fleet Commander...
Though we have no choice but to accept...
Am I addressing the fleet commander?
Indeed.
You have my respect for making a wise choice.
I would like to believe that it was made amicably. But what are you trying to do?
They mean to split up the fleet!
What?!
Each ship will be requisitioned separately, according to their use.
That's a problem. The fleet is like a family.
It only works if we're all together.
From today on, you are all in the service of an even bigger family.
But...
Those who comply with providence shall be blessed.
However, those who betray providence shall be crushed by the hammer of God.
Understood.
Then get on your knees. You shall receive a benediction.
New servant of Kugel,
in the name of providence,
you shall devote yourself body and soul to the great cause.
This is totally different from the area I saw before.
Guys that live here must be makin' bank.
There is no money here.
What do you do without money?
According to your work, you receive the appropriate amount of rations from the fleet.
It's an extremely fair society.
Fair, huh?
This is your residential area. I'll show you to your quarters.
What's with them?
Where's everyone from my ship?
Right about now, each part of the fleet is being requisitioned.
Each part?
Yes.
Did you really think this fleet would allow the consolidation of a potential insurgency?
It suited you to bring us in and now you talk insurgency?!
At any rate, you'd be better off avoiding contact with your friends for the time being.
Fine.
Virus data analysis complete.
Running Ensign Ledo's physical evaluation.
Physical evaluation complete. Nothing abnormal detected.
All this time, the commander led a huge fleet from this cramped space?
I can't imitate him.
Conjecture: Commander Kugel has withdrawn into his cockpit
because he wishes his existence to be a symbol and to strike the crew members with awe.
Speculation: As a result, strong leadership will be produced.
So it's scarier if he can't be seen...
But is it good to instill terror?
Dealing with fear is one of the fundamentals of the behavior of all living things.
A show of strength causes the enemy to be afraid,
but brings refuge to those who are obedient.
Certainly, that's true, but...
Conclusion: As a countermeasure against the Hideauze,
a display of force is a valid means to optimize leadership.
It mobilizes many people
and is connected to the maintenance of a high degree of community functionality. Plus...
Enough already!
Me too...
Maybe I shouldn't have ever left this cockpit...
Good work!
I'm back, girls.
How was that Pinion guy?
Don't be vulgar.
Oh, my!
Then can we get out?
It's still early for that.
It seems that he is capable in his own way. On top of that...
Awakening process complete.
Communication from Commander Kugel.
How do you feel?
Good.
I'd like to get your help right away.
The Hideauze?
No. It's an awareness program for the people of this planet.
As you command.
I like that answer.
With your arrival, that makes two Machine Calibers,
so we're going to carry out a major awareness strategy I've had in mind for a while.
This is the target.
That's...
