Looks like we ran into more trouble than expected.
Claw 7th Division
You mean you did.
You idiot! You only had wimpy-looking ones to deal with.
But I'm amazed you actually managed to hurt Koyama.
You might get special treatment.
No, it wasn't him.
Another guy got in my way, and he was really strong.
What? Another esper?
Yeah. He was insanely strong for a kid.
I couldn't match him in power, so I used your spray on him.
And where is that kid?
I already had too much on my plate, so I left him.
This is exactly why I didn't want to pair up with you.
Huh? What do you mean?
We had orders to make abducting kids
with the strongest psychic powers our top priority!
If the division leader found out that you messed up like this...
This all sounds very interesting.
Let me in on it.
I'll make sure the division leader doesn't find out.
Claw Upper Echelon: Terada
And the worst possible person just overheard us.
Mob Psycho 100
Claw 7th Division
Terada-san, wouldn't it be better to bring the other Scars here?
No, I'm all that's needed from the upper echelon.
Koyama's an idiot, but his abilities are the real deal.
If that kid is an enemy, he'll be a real handful,
and if he joins us, he'll probably surpass me, which also isn't good.
So this isn't a mission.
We're just going to nip some trouble in the bud.
Oh, by the way, this is a secret.
Let's just say we're going to capture him, kthx.
Understood.
What do you want to do, Kageyama-kun?
We're dealing with a huge organization with a lot of members.
I think you're going to need someone on your side.
On my side?
Someone who's strong and extremely smart.
You know, like someone right under your nose...
The Body Improvement Club!
Hey. You don't need to play the fool here.
Who else but me? I'll help you out.
Huh? You will, Hanazawa-kun?
What brought this on?
I'm going to end up clashing with Claw again someday.
So I thought I might as well do it now while I still have a fighting chance.
And by fighting chance, I mean you.
If you actually get serious about this, there's no way we'd lose.
And yet we have absolutely no clues.
I'll help, too.
If there's anything you need, let me know!
No, that won't be necessary.
Because the next attacker
should be showing up any second now.
That's not good!
You should hurry and
Well, that was quicker than I thought.
Kageyama-kun...
Which one of you is the naughty little boy?
Why don't we ask him a few questions?
Okay.
Do you think Terada can win against that kid?
I'm stronger than Terada.
I don't care about that.
I'm asking you if he can win.
He's a really cautious guy.
As strong as that kid was, he was still only a kid.
If I hadn't let my guard down, I could've easily squashed him right at the get-go.
Terada will probably be fully prepared.
So that kid's probably going to go through some harsh torture.
Hurry up and spit it out.
I let my guard down!
He seems out of breath.
Why don't you take a break and let him have a sip of water?
You don't realize how cruel that suggestion is, do you?
You don't have to be nice to scum like these.
Still, he really won't talk...
I guess the Scars, Claw's upper echelon, live up to their name.
Despite going up against the boss and ending up with a scar,
their abilities were acknowledged, and they became part of the upper echelon.
And then you, Terada, heard about the kid who gave Koyama,
another Scar, some trouble and showed up.
Yet you yourself ended up being captured and tortured.
If you feel you're in trouble, you should tell us everything you know, quickly.
I did! I did!
Everything you just said is information that I gave you!
Secret Hideout Location
Names of Members
Abilities
Etc.
Yeah.
We found out where their hideout is,
the names and abilities of the members,
and various other things.
Nah... I can't believe he'd tell us everything so easily.
What am I supposed to do?
We're not starting yet?
It's past the time for our regular upper echelon meeting,
and yet only seven out of the eleven are even here.
I've got to wonder about Claw's management system.
Terada went off somewhere, so he should be fired.
Claw Upper Echelon: Muraki
You two also just showed up.
Yeah, and you were thirty minutes late.
Claw Upper Echelon: Mukai
We're a gathering of people who never worked well with others.
Claw Upper Echelon: Takeuchi
As long as we do what we need to do when we need to do it, it's fine.
Claw Upper Echelon: Miyagawa
Then I guess you're out, Koyama.
I heard you lost to a middle schooler.
I didn't lose, and I did my job.
You really are a simpleton.
Claw Upper Echelon: Tsuchiya
You really need to stop playing around
Shut it, fugly!
Huh? I'll kill you, you pierced chicken.
You what?
Sit down, Koyama.
The division leader is here.
Did you wait long? I just got a message from the boss.
Claw 7th Division Leader: Ishiguro
Said he's coming back to Japan next month.
Seems he's going to pick a couple of you to be the upper echelon back at HQ.
What? Are you serious?
Yes, but it looks rather doubtful that he'd pick you,
considering how badly you messed up today.
That's right!
Basically, our goal is world domination.
They say a skilled hawk hides its claws, but we're not like that.
We'll be hawks who don't hide our claws.
We'll steal everything we can,
stand at the top of the world,
and lead humanity into its rightful future!
Are any of you going to join us?
How stupid.
Hey, you Natural brats...
Don't underestimate your trainers.
You noobs haven't even been acknowledged as members yet.
Are you in charge here? We don't have psychic powers.
This is some kind of misunderstanding, so please let us go home.
Did you all secretly agree to act like you don't have psychic powers
Claw Upper Echelon: Muto
so you'd be freed?
Very well. You, come out here.
The younger Shiratori brother.
You have ten seconds.
Show me your powers. Be quick.
Don't do it.
All right, I understand.
I'll show you just what you get if you look down on me.
K-Kaito!
They're going to try to brainwash us one by one.
Why is this happening?
I'm done with this...
Daichi-oniichan!
Help me!
Huh? What was that?
Th-That was Kaito...
My younger brother's voice...
H-He's dead...
This is going to happen to you, too.
Take the night to reconsider your attitudes...
If you don't want to die, that is.
I see it. It's that building, right?
Y-Yeah...
These powers can't be coming from a child...
Okay. Let's walk from here.
Ah. Terada ran away.
Should we go after him?
Considering how badly we beat him, I'm sure he won't try to defy us again.
It'd just be a waste of time, so let's just save your little brother.
You stupid brats...
You'll pay with your lives for trampling all over my pride!
Telekinetic control.
Air Whips.
Air Whips
With a maximum range of sixty meters,
my powers will display their true potential in this environment!
Kageyama-kun, you alive?
Yeah, but that startled me.
Why did trees fall from the sky?
It's that guy.
He said he used telekinetic powers in the shape of whips.
Say your prayers, brats.
Terada!
If I let you infiltrate the facility like this,
my reputation will be ruined!
Got you!
Well, I guess you aren't so lame after
Crap!
Not bad, huh? Think you can hold up?
K-Kageyama-kun,
while I'm concentrating on the whip, do something!
I guess there are a lot of ways to use powers.
Apparently technique means nothing before absolute power.
You were finished as soon as Kageyama-kun considered you an enemy.
This battle will only last a night.
Mob Psycho 100
Let's escape.
Kageyama!
You saw what happened! If we defy them, we die!
Think about it. If they catch us...
No! Don't say any more!
If I'm going to be shackled by fear and brainwashed,
I'd rather try to escape, even if it means I could die.
But Shiratori's still grieving.
It'll take him a while to get over this.
Shiratori-kun, help us escape.
Hey, Kageyama!
Yeah, I want to escape, too.
Huh?
Apparently, my younger brother is fine.
We brothers are telepaths.
We can communicate even if the other is far away.
I was just talking to him now.
Apparently he was shown our corpses.
I'm not completely sure,
but I think that guy has hypnotic powers that show us illusions.
He's probably the key to this organization's ability to brainwash people through fear.
It's a good thing he took my brother, who I can talk to telepathically.
So he's alive...
But that doesn't change the fact that this is a dangerous organization.
And that's exactly why we can't stay here long.
We'll strike tonight,
while the trainers are still underestimating us.
H-Hey, those guys are discussing something.
Are they plotting to escape?
Let them. It's no use anyway.
I know it's a terrible time to bring this up...
What's wrong?
Before I tell you all my plan, what were your,
um...
names again?
S-Seriously?! You didn't even remember our names?!
You always were hard to read
with that gloomy face of yours...
Now, now...
I guess we'll just have to introduce ourselves again.
I'm Kurosaki Rei.
My specialty is clairvoyance.
Pleasure to work with you, Kageyama-kun.
Likewise.
I'm Hoshino Takeshi.
I have super strong telekinetic powers.
I'm Asahi Go.
I'm called the godsend who can burn everything in his path.
By whom, exactly?
Pleasure to work with you both.
I'm Shiratori Daichi.
The guy who got taken away is my little brother Kaito.
Let's hurry up and rescue Kaito-kun and get the heck out of here.
But do you have a plan?
Also, the trainers are right there.
I think they already know that we're trying to escape.
I'm sure there were other kids who tried to do the same thing.
That would mean they're used to dealing with escape attempts.
There goes any chance we had.
That's not entirely true.
If they're underestimating our powers, we'll be able to escape.
How?
They probably let their guard down because we're kids.
They didn't check our belongings.
Do you really carry that around everywhere?
Ignite!
Now, Hoshino!
All right!
There!
Oh, it opened.
I guess everything's worth a shot.
Well done, brats.
What now?
What's your next move?
Wh-What's our next move, Kageyama?
Let me just warn you that it's safer in that cell.
If you step even one foot out of there, we're going to have to discipline you.
Kageyama?
Are you telling me you didn't plan this far ahead?
Let's use Hoshino-kun's super strong telekinesis
and Asahi-kun's fire to get out of here.
Well, isn't that adorable?
Listen...
you can't move something as heavy as a person with telekinesis.
Even though I'm a pyrokinetic genius,
I don't think I can set fire to something that's moving.
I'll take care of it, then.
Huh?
Though I'm nowhere near as good as you guys.
Come on. Get out, everyone.
You'll all be held responsible either way.
Do you think we'd hold back on you because you're kids?
No.
Why would I ever expect incompetent, disposable lackeys like you
to have that kind of common sense?
Y-You're going to be killed, Kageyama.
I see.
Well, try protecting yourself with the spoon-bending that you're so good at,
Mr. Natural!
Please, powers...
Do as I say.
Wh-Whoa...
You probably didn't need us to open the lock...
No, we needed to show them that we were powerless.
This is a blind spot for that security camera.
Let's have them think we're being disciplined for a while
and quickly go rescue Kaito-kun.
But I don't know where Kaito is.
Kurosaki-san, now we're going to have to rely on your clairvoyance.
Huh? Me?
Can we count on you?
I-I'll try...
Th-This is lame...
There're some tough-looking guys standing by the entrance.
What do you wanna do?
Shigeo, you need to think, too.
Want to blow them away?
Those strangers.
L-Let's concentrate on rescuing Ritsu.
I knew it.
Okay.
That technique...
It's the Air Whips I just learned earlier.
Sorry.
It's easier to possess someone when they're in shock.
You seem used to this, Dimple-kun.
Are you a pretty dangerous evil spirit?
Of course not. Right, Shigeo?
Dimple's dangerous.
We might've been better off if you'd possessed Terada.
Espers all have mental protection on them,
so they're hard for evil spirits to possess.
That goes for you guys, too.
Not to mention, I'm a lot weaker right now.
Usually, I'd be able to destroy people's minds.
You weren't a big deal before, either.
I was weakened then, too!
Why are you weakened?
Because you almost exorcised
Never mind.
All right! Let's go!
All right, we're good. We're counting on you, Kurosaki-san.
Okay.
This way next.
Let's go.
All right, let's keep going.
Okay.
Who're you?
Huh?
Hey, are you trying to kill him?
It's because we both hit him at once.
Listen up, Kageyama-kun.
Leave all the grunts to me.
First, we have to find out where they're holding your brother first.
Oh, right. Sorry...
His casual attitude is throwing me off. This is supposed to be a tense situation.
Who are you?!
You abducted some kids, didn't you?
Tell us where they are.
The children are in the basement...
He said the basement.
Shigeo, apparently Ritsu's here.
Thank goodness.
You fools. We can hear you over the radio.
We've got intruders. After them.
Wait. Contact the Scars, too.
They might be espers.
An emergency, huh?
It's gotta be him.
That means Terada got his ass kicked.
First Koyama, and now Terada...
What's going on?
Hey! I didn't lose!
Terada just rushed into things!
I'll take care of him.
I'm delighted beyond words that I get to see him again so soon.
Are you saying we should leave him to just you?
Of course! Stay outta my way, you bastards!
Don't rush into things. There's more than one intruder.
So what?
You're going to lose again.
Sakurai... You wanna die first?
Stop it. You're both Scars.
That's fine, Koyama-kun.
Go ahead.
But you won't get away with losing to the same person twice.
I know that.
Now we're up against the clock.
Let's split up and find your brother.
I'll go right.
Kageyama-kun, go down the middle.
Gah.
Ah.
Crap, the mini boss just appeared.
I see...
We meet again.
I beat the crap outta you, and you can already move?
Well, I'm glad you're doing well.
I'll kill you this time...
For real.
Let's both hit him with our full powers at the same time.
We don't have time right now.
You don't have time? What?
You're trying to reserve your stamina?
When you're facing me?
You stupid brats!
He's coming!
Huh?
What? I can't move a finger...
Sorry for being so noisy.
I see...
You meant that you didn't have time to try to hold back on him...
Didn't expect that from Kageyama-kun.
Koyama's not responding.
We're definitely dealing with someone powerful.
How pathetic.
Let's go...
Show the intruders the true terror of Claw.
Mob infiltrates Claw's hideout along with Teru,
who has 150 on top of his head, and the creepy-looking balloon, Dimple.
They end up facing the Scars, who childishly refuse to hold back.
Are you going to be able to win this, Mob?!
The Heinous Aura Mastermind
The serious option C involves Blu-rays, manga volumes, and events!
The Heinous Aura Mastermind
