The Second Plate
Episode 9
43rd Autumn Elections
Finals
What?!
What the hell is that?
A dull blade?
The transfer student guy's done something weird again.
Did he give up on the fight?
I see.
So that's why you didn't come to the fish market this morning.
Huh?
You chose aging as a way to compensate for the difference in ingredient quality.
I could tell what you used to age the fish just by looking at it.
But that's not enough to reach the best of what the season has to offer.
You won't know that for sure until you eat it.
I'll cook enough for you guys to try, too.
Yeah, right.
The outcome's already clear.
Congratulations for finishing third.
That's good enough to be rightfully proud of.
Honored guests, the time for the Autumn Elections Finals to begin is almost here!
Please look up at the ceiling!
Wow!
The ceiling's splitting open!
Soon.
This is Gatten Hall as it truly is.
The cooking time in the finals will span approximately two hours.
This is the time it takes from the moment the moon appears in full,
traverses across the skies,
and becomes hidden once more.
Though it's the same every year,
it's still quite the spectacle.
I fondly remember those days...
That night when I fought in the Autumn Election finals...
All the chefs who have ever stood on this stage
has seen the same moon.
Don't lose to anyone else until you lose to me again next time!
I'm gonna gun for the top seat among Totsuki's first-years!
Ready!
Let the cooking...
A Sword That Signals Autumn
None of the candidates have touched their Pacific saury.
They'll start by prepping their other ingredients. Typical, I suppose.
Working the fish more than necessary will negatively impact its freshness.
They have to maintain the fish's freshness as much as possible.
I'm becoming excited, yes.
Watching young men... this is sight for sore eyes.
Oh, Mother, you're being rather inappropriate.
And your vocabulary is skewed, as usual.
Alice!
Go back to your seat in the audience!
Erina, you should come over here, too!
She can, can't she, Grandfather?
Yes. It doesn't matter.
See, Erina?
What a fun family, Nakiri-kun.
Oh?
Yukihira seems to be handling his Pacific saury.
Maybe the aging was a success?
Yeah. What kind of dish will he make with it?
Kurokiba Ryo. Hayama Akira.
Can you win against those two monsters, Yukihira?
Ah!
So many different seafood ingredients on the young Kurokiba's prep surface!
I also see ripe tomatoes and olive oil.
He probably intends to make acqua pazza.
Acqua pazzaa regional dish from Southern Italy.
With fish as the main ingredient, many other ingredients are simmered into a stew.
It's a simple yet dynamic dish.
It's traditional to use olive oil, tomatoes, and shellfish.
It's also notable that the dish doesn't use much in the way of seasoning.
Because of its simplicity, the quality of its ingredients comes to the fore.
It's a great dish to showcase his ability to judge his ingredients.
But each and every ingredient is strong enough to be the main player.
Wouldn't blindly boiling them down together
actually eclipse the Pacific saury's strengths?
True, and the Pacific saury's in season, too...
In season!
That's it.
Because it's in season, the Pacific saury won't be eclipsed.
Rather, it has the potential to become a solid foundation for the entire dish.
He was able to select that dish precisely because
he has such confidence in his ability to judge ingredients.
Above all, he's very calm.
I don't sense any nerves or eagerness toward the match in him.
Very impressive.
Of course you wouldn't, Chef Dojima.
Ryo-kun has faced me in cooking battles for a very long time now!
Very nostalgic.
You were both so young. Very cute, it was.
You knew him back when he was still in Scandinavia, Leonora-obasama.
Obaa-sama?!
How rude!
Showing off your youth! Selfish, Erina-chan!
That's not what I said!
Oba-sama and Obaa-sama are two different words!
So this is the boy, Alice?
Yes, Mother!
I want to make him my aide!
Let go.
I'm prepping.
Erina has a secretary now!
I want an aide around my own age, too!
Well, we should ask your father.
Don't act like I'm not even here!
I'm already the head chef of this restaurant!
I'm not gonna serve you
I believe I told you to call me miss.
Go home.
Then let's do a cooking battle.
Huh?
If you lose, become my loyal dog.
Woof, woof!
That little girl's dish was better...
Come on. Say woof for me.
Battle me one more time!
Two years after our first match,
the moment's finally come!
I've won!
His first victory!
Good job, Ryo!
We'll face off again tomorrow!
Okay, Ryo-kun?!
Fine... miss.
I'll fight you any time.
Then you'll be polite to me when I win next time?
No way!
Heat-resistant film?
What, it's not cling wrap?
It's capable of withstanding heat of higher than 200 C, and cold up to -40 C.
Food can be wrapped in it and cooked.
He's gained an arsenal of molecular gastronomy techniques
that he absorbed through his battles with Alice.
His cooking now is not
something he'd think up just from cooking in a port town pub.
This is indicative of their whole history working hard together.
Ryo-kun, don't lose, okay?
No need to remind me... miss.
This film is the key to my dish!
Hayama!
I'll get you for sure this time!
The one who will stand at the top of these elections... will be me!
The moon's halfway across the sky...
Less than an hour left now.
Oh, look.
I'm done.
So first up is Kurokiba.
But...
Is that... really his dish?
In a rush, huh?
Let's hope you didn't overlook anything in your dish.
Run your mouth while you still can.
My dish will crush your weapon.
What's Kurokiba trying to do with that flimsy film?
Something you're very familiar with, I bet.
Candidate Kurokiba will serve first!
The moon serves to illuminate the candidate who is
advancing toward the judges like a stage light.
It's as though the light is purifying the chef and his dish!
Wow!
Still simmering inside the pouch!
Very piping hot!
He's going to make the judges open the dish?
Now, have a taste!
Shrimp!
Mussels!
Clams!
And Pacific saury!
I'm getting dragged into a torrent of different aromas!
It's so good, my face is going slack!
Director!
He's usually so stern, yet he's grinning!
It's The Grin!
Who knew we'd see The Grin here?!
The ingredients are about the same as those in an acqua pazza,
but wrapping them in a heat-resistant film changes the dish's name.
It's a cartoccio!
My dish is Autumn Pacific Saury Cartoccio!
He served an umami detonator in the semi-finals.
He followed that up with an aroma detonator, I guess.
I see.
Go on! Taste it!
So fresh! The Pacific saury's fat is meltingly sweet!
The seafood ingredients are all extraordinarily fresh!
There's more than enough umami here!
Such power, sealing such dynamic umami into this dish through sheer force...
This is Kurokiba Ryo's true worth!
The Pacific saury may be in season,
but how could he craft such richness in flavor without much seasoning to speak of?
Hm?
What is this refreshing aroma?
It's not from seafood. It's...
It's from herbs.
That's right!
I added them to the packet when I wrapped the ingredient with the film.
I used this herb butter!
After softening butter at room temperature,
he kneaded in finely chopped herbs, spices, and garlic.
The herb butter is complete after resting it overnight in the fridge.
It melted gradually from the heat in the oven,
and its richness and flavor
gradually seeped into the Pacific saury and other ingredients!
It gave an incredible boost to the flavors and the fragrance!
It's a violence of flavor that is absolute!
It seems we'll see my mother's baring.
What?!
In somewhere this public?
Seriously?!
Th-Th-That'd be really bad!
Huh?
What a wonderful Pacific saury dish.
First, it had immediate visual impact upon arriving at the table.
You have a firm grasp of the modern cooking trend
that acknowledges the importance of a dish's aesthetics.
Given that the entire audience had leaned forward to look at the dish,
your plan can be said to be a success.
Anchovies are often used in acqua pazza,
When Mother eats something delicious, she sheds her broken Japanese
but not in this dish, since herb butter was used.
That was wise.
and bares a fluent command of the language.
Adding both would have led to a clash of flavors.
Right, I remember.
The herb butter plays a critical role in establishing this dish.
Shedding broken Japanese? How's that work?!
The mellow butter serves to meld the flavors from each ingredient.
Its herbs impart a flavor that is strong, yet light and not overwhelming...
Flavors only made possible with Pacific saury in season, and no other fish!
That further enhances the Pacific saury's aroma.
The heat-resistant film and herb butter both serve
to take full advantage of the Pacific saury's flavors.
This is a culmination of his culinary techniques!
His singular focus in doing so
is what made this dish's flavors possible!
Body...
All as one!
Kurokiba, that's amazing!
The director went bare-chested, too!
Well?!
Sear my dish's power into your eyes, Hayama...
Next, Candidate Hayama will serve his dish!
The hell, asshole?!
You think you can win against me with that kind of dish?!
Are you even being serious about this match?!
Forget it
You don't know that aroma can recreate even the philosophy behind a dish.
It can't be...
A carpaccio?!
An antipasto?!
No way!
These are the finals!
How can he win with an antipasto dish?
The antipasto is a dish intended to pique the diners' appetite at the start of a course.
It is, by necessity, a lighter dish than others.
Why did he choose that?
Hayama!
Your ability to judge ingredients is equal to mine.
I bet you tried to take advantage
of the best Pacific saury's fresh flavor in the raw,
but there's no way your dish can contend with my cartoccio.
Not after it crushed the judges with its heavy umami and aroma impact!
Well, let us taste
Please wait a moment.
There's one last step.
He's searing the surface with a torch.
But that'd hardly enough to counter the Kurokiba boy's aroma detonator.
Done.
My dish is Seared Pacific Saury Carpaccio!
Delicious...
Delicious!
It's delicious without even having a single taste!
I can tell just how juicy it is!
It goes above and beyond what curing can do.
Wow!
The dish became completely different after the fish was seared.
Sizzle!
It's as though the dish is seducing everyone who is about to taste it!
Oh!
I can't wait... another... second!
The dressing consists of extra virgin olive oil, wine vinegar,
and Pacific saury innards!
The rich flavor of the innards floods the tongue,
and emphasizes the sweetness of the Pacific saury's fat!
I'm drowning in the overflowing aromas and flavors!
How many spices did you add to this dish?!
Nay!
He has only used allspice!
What?!
He only used one spice?
I thought Hayama's special weapon
was to weave various spices into the best aroma possible...
No.
His ability to manipulate fragrance is not just additive.
He was able to highlight the seasonal flavor of Pacific saury with vivid clarity
by intentionally subtracting spices from the dish.
And yet, how did he manage such richness of fragrance?
It's on par with the aromatic force of Ryo-kun's cartoccio.
Yes, and it's not possible to achieve through searing alone!
It's the kaeshi sauce.
I brushed it over the fish, right before serving.
The kaeshi?
Is that Tsubame Gaeshi?
Kojiro Sasaki?
I'm surprised you know that word.
But that's different.
Kaeshi is a seasoning made by a mixture of soy sauce with mirin, sake,
and other ingredients.
You can make soba dipping sauce by diluting kaeshi with stock.
It's considered an all-purpose seasoning for most Japanese dishes.
No wonder.
Fish is hard to sear, even with high heat from the torch.
Kaeshi contains sugar, which makes the fish much easier to sear!
So he prevented the loss of flavor
that would have resulted from a more prolonged exposure to heat.
The surface fat of the fish and the sugars in the kaeshi
sizzle and bubble from the heat.
In other words, I managed to demonstrate two theoretically opposing principles
the subtraction of aroma and its emphasis in unison with this single dish.
Kurokiba Ryo and Hayama Akira...
They both evolved because of their previous match.
Kurokiba Ryo wields a massive sword.
He further improved the explosive, appetizing power of his dish at the finals.
In contrast, the duck dish that Hayama Akira served at the semi-finals
was a brilliant feast of spices.
It was like a finely crafted, ornate sword.
But look at Hayama tonight.
Refinement through differentiation and selection
has produced a blade that is as sharp and fine as a well-honed rapier!
What did you call me before? A one-trick pony with spices?
This is what it means to have absolute mastery over aroma.
So this is the master of fragrance, Hayama Akira's, true worth!
This Pacific saury is such a pure force!
It unleashes its flavor... with no pretense!
A well-aimed arrow is true!
Bravo!
The director's gone bare-chested again!
Oh!
The moon's starting to set!
Hurry, Soma-kun!
Yukihira, you're running out of time!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
This will be the finish!
This is irresistible to anyone
who eats rice on a daily basis.
It's enough to make you smile purely from reflex
from the sight of it, and the destructive aroma!
It's Salted Rice Bran Pacific Saury Rice.
Salted rice bran?!
Pickled with salted rice bran?!
So he didn't give up.
It looks delicious!
Well, I was thinking it would be the worst case scenario
when I saw that dull-looking Pacific saury.
Yeah, I guess it looked dull because it'd been pickled in salted rice bran.
I can't bear the piping hot fragrance!
Yes, yes.
I'll serve you right away.
Please wait. Just a moment.
Oh, Yukihira-kun!
What a tease! Hurry!
The other two were also creative about heightening our expectations,
but Yukihira Soma is not taking a back seat to them!
He knows how to make his guests eager for his dish!
Here it comes!
Finally!
Now, let's taste!
The happiness of Pacific saury brought by autumn
is spreading throughout my body!
What gentle flavor!
He grilled the fish on a clay cooking stove first
He grilled it first, then cooked it with the rice!
Such meticulous prep work allowed this much of the Pacific saury's aroma
to transfer to the rice!
And the Pacific saury itself is marvelous, too!
With every bite,
the deep umami and fragrant aroma bursts forth from the saltiness into your mouth!
This is on par with the Pacific saury in the other two's dishes!
Is this deep flavor due to the salted rice bran?!
Indeed. It's a traditional favorite from Hokkaido.
The salted rice bran draws out an ingredient's umami,
removes any bad smells, and improves the nutritional value.
Some insist that it is the best preparation for Pacific saury.
Still, I'm impressed you managed to improve the flavor to this degree, Yukihira.
I took a big risk. It was a race against time!
I bought as many high-quality Pacific saury from the fish market as I could,
and kept testing aging methods.
Of course, I tried and improved other aging methods than salted rice bran, too.
It was hard to make something that could compete with top-quality Pacific saury in season,
but I finally found one that was satisfactory right before the match.
That was this fish, aged using salted rice bran!
Hints from Fumio-san's words, the salted rice bran pickles at the dorm...
All the tips and tricks about aging I learned from my friends...
All of it contributed to my inspiration!
He discovered that aging method on his own?!
Though we thought it was a worthless blade,
it has shown itself to be a fine sword!
Just like a swordsmith who forges steel into a fine blade,
he has created that sword of autumn on his own!
Soma-kun's amazing!
Yeah! No complaints here!
I bet he'll get high marks for that!
Oh!
The director hasn't gone bare-chested!
H-Hey.
Yeah.
Right.
Chef Dojima and Ms. Leonora have also already rested their chopsticks!
That means...
Hmm...
Did the Yukihira boy spend too much time trying to close the ingredient quality gap?
In terms of creativity, his dish is not on par with those two!
Of course he couldn't hope to compete with them...
Yeah.
Like I thought, the match will be between...
I'd like you to have seconds, too.
Does no one want more?
It's the end of the line.
Soma-kun!
With this, we conclude the evaluation
If it means you'd have seconds,
I'd like you to pour this over the rice and dig in.
Hmm!
My Pacific saury dish...
I'll show you this blade's real edge!
The Second Plate
Next Episode: A New Genius
Next time, A New Genius.
