Hey, Amara...
Have you ever thought the wind felt good?
The wind?
What are you talking about?
Having some morning coffee?
CEO Kube...
Good morning!
It's fine... Have a seat.
Technology and Research Division 3 told me
that the Machine Goodfellow trials had started.
So I thought I'd pay you a visit.
To be honest, we're really happy to assist Macbeth Enterprises.
We'll meet your expectations,
and repay you for your assistance.
Amara, Moco...
You are special to me.
Special test pilots...
But when I say special, that isn't what I mean.
Don't forget that.
I consider myself not merely your boss,
but your father.
If you need anything,
you can always come to see me.
Let's have dinner soon.
Thank you, sir.
Aren't they good kids?
I'm so glad that they were kept
at an overseas research organization during the Kanda incident.
I'm a good kid, too.
Won't you invite me to dinner?
Why don't we get dinner tonight?
Is that an order, Commander?
It's half work, I suppose...
Please don't mix work with your personal life.
It feels like all the color is draining from the world.
That's Governor Yomatsuri, from the Tenkaidou.
Good morning.
Morning.
Eiji Arashi is still missing, correct?
Unfortunately, yes.
This is a problem...
HQ won't like any issues that might hinder the Kivotos Plan.
You tried to get him out without permission, didn't you?
Your eyes look dead.
Out of consideration for your pathetic face, we'll just say you owe me one.
Commander, this conversation is being hacked.
That can't be!
Aww. You found me?
Akari!
Akari!
Morning, Mom...
Dad tried to hit on Rita-san again this morning, and got rejected.
You have this room bugged, as well?
Nope, I just took a random guess.
You're part of Globe now... You work for me.
Must we go over what you can and can't do again?
How did you get into the secure line, anyway?
Magic! It's magic!
Well, it's forbidden! Magic is forbidden!
Hey, what do you guys think about the Kivotos Plan?
That was the plan to enable humanity to escape, should the worst happen.
It was deemed necessary by the unanimous agreement
of all representatives of humanity.
You mean the Globe Federation's unanimous agreement, not humanity's.
If nothing else, I wouldn't want to survive thanks to a plan like that.
The Kivotos Plan is top-secret...
If you learn any more, I'll have to arrest you.
I'm just in the way, anyhow.
Logical, logical... Time for Akari-chan to disappear!
Kivotos Plan
I'm a bad mother...
This is the Alpha sector surveillance footage.
Since the battle, the Kiltgang Type-3 hasn't done anything
but float around this area.
The Impacter Weinstock is currently deployed in that area.
Keep an eye on it.
Is it all right not to attack it?
For now, we'll just observe it.
That is Globe HQ's decision.
Yes, it's Globe HQ's decision.
And his wish, as well.
But the commander hasn't granted permission, right?
He impresses me.
Naturally, he isn't nearly as good as Teppei,
but he's already mastered the basic controls.
I've always been good at these games.
It isn't a game.
I think he understands that better than we do.
You've only recently joined Globe, so that's enough for today.
I'm still fine.
But she was so worried, she came to see you.
After the Kivotos Plan members evacuate,
the Kiltgang will destroy the remaining people on Earth.
And once they're gone, the Kiltgang will leave the Solar System.
Right?
They're a kind of space vampire.
If they require Orgone energy on a planetary scale,
they're unlikely to remain here after nearly all humanity dies.
You are the planet's most powerful electronic brain.
That's right.
Puck does not lie.
I will use this unprecedented threat to Earth
to make this planet a utopia,
with those people whom I've chosen.
This whole plot was written for me by the universe.
Hey, Tsutomu...
Hope means believing that the future will be better than today...
And real hope can only come from the choices you make!
Toshiaki-san...
Where is Daichi?
Does your head still hurt?
I'm fine now.
Hey, Hana...
Do you remember the first time we met?
Yup.
And what you said then?
Yup.
A voice that resounds throughout infinity
sings a melody of gentle memories.
The light of the promise I know we once shared.
Is it you?
What did that mean?
I've been here for a long time, but I'm not from this island.
They created me to fire the Livlaster.
But I couldn't do it.
In the distant past...
I was in a world where everything was veiled by darkness.
Darkness surrounded me on all sides,
and the only thing they wanted me to do was to fire that gun.
I wasn't even sure if I wanted to give them what they desired or not...
But then, I thought I saw a light.
It felt like someone's voice calling to me.
I thought that I needed to meet that person...
That I wanted to meet that person.
So I broke free of their grasp, and ran toward the light.
And this is the place I ran to.
By them, do you mean those Planetary Gear guys?
As Planetary Gears, our real bodies are constructed
from a material called Ego Blocks.
They are crystallized, digitized souls.
Unless they're destroyed, we are theoretically immortal.
We believe that we are the only true people in this galaxy.
That everyone else is nothing but a tool for our use.
I don't have an Ego Block body.
I'm not one of them.
I was created as a tool, to fire the Livlaster.
You're not a tool... You're a person.
They don't think so.
But Teppei's different.
Teppei, do you still have your personality and memories
from when you were Albion, one of the Planetary Gears?
What does the world look like to you?
We Planetary Gears might be like the glass bead
in this Ramune soda bottle.
Even when you've drunk it all, and the bottle's job is done,
the bead still cannot leave it.
Eternal life...
Does it mean eternal happiness?
Or is it an eternal prison for the soul?
I'm hungry.
Let's eat lunch.
I'll make something good.
What should I make?
You spend a lot of time alone in the computer room.
Yes, I like to think by myself.
It's my very own sanctuary...
The lock to that room won't open without my biometric data.
I am the only one who can talk to Puck.
This weak security isn't even a challenge.
How have you been, Puck?
Masaki Kube hasn't figured out who we are yet, right?
He's a very self-centered man.
That limits what he can see, and makes him easy to deal with.
And you have no complaints about life here?
My sole joy in life is being a useful tool to the Planetary Gears.
Glad to hear it...
Useful tools will be treated well.
I want you to prove that you're useful.
I think you understand this,
but her presence is vital to the Kivotos Plan.
Over.
Understood.
I'll put the flower in her vase.
Uncle...
Hana!
Nishikubo-san, I told you to send Daichi home immediately.
And you assured me you would.
Commander...
Please let me explain things to my uncle.
Commander?
That's my job.
What does he mean by Commander?!
Toshiaki-san...
He's a minor!
What are you having him do, without his guardian's permission?
Please, Commander...
Leave me alone with my uncle for a while.
All right.
Even when your grades fell a bit, I wasn't concerned.
You've always been a good kid.
So I don't think it's a bad idea for you to get out and travel
on your own over summer vacation.
If it's just a vacation, there's nothing to worry about.
But if you're staying on Tanegashima, that's different.
Umi and my brother left me in charge of you, and you're precious to me.
And above all, you're my family!
What you're doing here puts you in danger, doesn't it?
Uncle...
I'm really grateful for what you've done.
You've always looked out for me.
But I...
I was in a world where everything was veiled by darkness.
I felt trapped living in that city, too.
It always seemed as though it wasn't where I belonged.
Pitz?
What's dangerous?
You seem to be enjoying your freedom.
This is the kind of thing that happens when you go outside on your own.
I know you aren't certain about what to do with your life.
What's wrong, Pitz?
Ow!
What'd you do that for?
Did something happen to Hana?
Hana!
Daichi!
Ah, so the Earth Driver has arrived?
Daichi!
D-Daichi!
Uncle!
Get back!
But...
Get back!
I'm sorry, Uncle.
This is my problem.
Don't take another step.
What are you doing?
I'm taking Hana Mutou.
This is the right choice.
What is he...
Release Hana!
Are you prepared to shoot me?
I'm asking if you're prepared to kill someone!
That's right...
You aren't ready to do that.
And someone like that can't save anyone.
You're only a child who happened to get a Livlaster!
What are you doing, kid?!
Hana!
Hana!
Are you okay?
Right then, I wondered if maybe the voice
that had led Hana to this planet was me...
No.
I wanted it to be me.
Daichi, are you okay?
I'm okay...
Are you all right, Toshiaki-san?
Nishikubo-san...
Am I correct that something just happened here...
No, that it will happen...
Something normal people like me can't understand?
I can't answer that.
Don't worry.
I won't tell anyone what I saw here.
Toshiaki-san...
Just tell me one thing.
Is what Daichi is trying to do here something that only he can do?
Yes.
I felt a strength in his words that I've never seen in him before.
I always thought this day would come.
He really is my brother's... Taiyou Manatsu's son.
Reito Hirosue has been turned over to Salty Dog.
The Ark Faction is finally starting to get more extreme.
The Ark Faction wants to ensure that the Kivotos Plan succeeds,
and that humanity's chosen survive, at least.
The Interception Faction wants deploy
the Impacters to defeat the Kiltgangs.
Globe has supported both plans.
Why do they have to oppose each other?
Since you're the sub-commander, I want to show you something.
What's this?
Footage from the dark side of the Moon.
Only a few people in Globe,
and no one in the outside world, can access it.
Eight years ago, the mere approach of the Kiltgang Type-1 sufficed to drain
the few dozen personnel stationed at the Daedalus base
of their libidos, killing them.
The inexplicable burst phenomenon that occurred then
left the dark side of the Moon in this state.
And this is how the Earth will look after the Kiltgang attack it.
But among the Intercept Faction, who believe we can stop them,
aren't you the most right-wing member?
That's right.
The Kivotos Plan means the de facto extermination of humanity!
I refuse to accept it.
You said that it can take your libido simply by getting close.
But Daichi's even fought them at close range, in the Earth Engine.
How did he survive?
I assume that's the Livlaster's power.
The gun's Orgone energy seems to protect him.
But even if Daichi Manatsu can fire the Livlaster,
that doesn't change the fact that our situation is near-hopeless.
No...
Tell me, Taiyou...
You protected Earth and humanity...
How can I do the same?
Is humanity already doomed?
Is getting a few chosen people out really our only hope?
And the Kiltgang attacks Earth again.
But during that battle...
The Midsummer's Knights.
The Midsummer's Knights
I saw a single hope.
