The Second Plate
Episode 11
How are the two omelette wraps?
This one's with chili sauce,
and this one's with basil sauce.
I can make it better.
Huh?!
Do you guys ever stop eating?
So, Shiomi-senpai...
About this... Stagiaire thing?
What is that about?
Stagiaire is a French word meaning resident.
It's a program to send
high school first-years to various businesses in the food industry.
They can be high-end restaurants, food manufacturers, or even public organizations.
They cover a wide range.
It's a formal curriculum intended to give students practical experience.
Sounds like a breeze.
I doubt even professionals would be better than me.
It's not something to take lightly!
All the Stagiaire partners
have all agreed to take on students because they trust the academy!
If you cause any problems that would negatively impact Totsuki's reputation,
you might even get expelled!
That's right...
This is the kind of school I'm in.
So I can go out to work in a different kitchen...
Out into the world outside of this place!
So you pass if you do your job without causing problems?
The criterion for passing it
is to make a visible mark during your time in residency.
A visible... mark?
A Few Days Later
Hmm, so the first training site is tackled in pairs...
Training Program Guide Yukihira Soma-sama
Yukihira... Soma...
Well, let's give it our best, Miss Secretary!
The Stagiaire
Don't call me that!
I have no intention of working with you!
I'll get through the Stagiaire through my efforts alone!
Oh, yeah?
Hmm, I wonder what kind of restaurant we'll be sent to!
Don't talk to me!
Since the almighty Totsuki Academy is telling us to go there,
I bet it's some ritzy place.
Are you even listening to me?!
Western Restaurant Mitamura
This?
It's not what I thought it'd look like.
How long are you gonna make us wait?!
I can't finish eating in five minutes!
Cancel my order!
I've had enough.
Jeez.
You've got to be kidding!
I'm sorry, sorry, so sorry!
Are you two Totsuki students, by any chance?!
Western Restaurant Mitamura Third Chef Owner Mitamura Mamoru
Oh, I wish you hadn't seen that embarrassing scene just now.
I'm Mitamura, the third owner of this restaurant.
Nice to meet you!
I am Arato Hisako. I will be here for a week for the Stagiaire.
I am sure I have much to learn,
so I appreciate your having me here.
I'm Yukihira Soma.
Thanks for having me.
I see.
Arato-san and Yukihira-kun, huh?
Well, sorry to cut to the point, but...
Huh?
I mean, you're students of the Totsuki Academy, aren't you?!
You might become world-renowned all-star chefs in the future!
He reminds me of someone.
Soma-chan!
I'm not any chef to be proud of.
Arato Hisako Loyalty
Yukihira Soma Diner Yukihira's on Break!
Arato, how much longer are you gonna take?
Don't talk to me when I'm still changing clothes!
Where are your manners?!
Still, it feels new to stand in the kitchen without wearing my Yukihira T-shirt.
Sorry to make you wait.
You look pretty good in an apron, Arato.
What?!
Come to think of it, it's my first time talking to you alone.
You were always with Nakiri.
Oh, right!
The next time you see Nakiri
I cannot go back to Erina-sama anymore.
I have no right, after being defeated in the Autumn Elections.
Oh, right.
You lost to Hayama, yeah.
Shut up!
Don't laugh!
Erina-sama is invincible and undefeated.
If a loser like me stays at her side,
I'll demean her.
Hurry up.
It's quiet.
I can't believe there was a commotion here earlier.
All right!
Let's give it all we've got!
Oh, so first off, Arato, you can
Don't give me orders!
Listen!
Don't get on a high horse just because you have practical experience!
I've taken classes where I had to cook in teams, too!
I had no problems during camp finishing tasks that required speed!
I'm not going to have any problems in the Stagiaire!
But what you said...
They were all situations that didn't involve
dealing with an endless stream of orders, weren't they?
What?!
Here they come!
Wh...
What?!
Completely full in the blink of an eye?!
Do you have your order?
Please wait a moment.
A barrage of orders?!
One Omelette A Set and another D Set.
Three Special Lunch Sets, please!
I had no idea it'd be this bad...
Before, most of our customers used to be locals.
Then our nearby train station became a bullet train stop.
All the people taking the bullet train now rush here,
place their orders, and ask to settle the check at once, so...
So that's why they can't handle this.
Hey, where's my order?
I need it soon.
Where are the A and D Sets?!
Hang on. It'll be five more minutes.
We need to wash dishes!
We don't have time right now.
We don't have enough clean dishes!
I-I'll do it!
Oh, c'mon!
I'll have to run to catch my train!
Please come again!
Again!
Here they come!
The next wave, right as I thought we finally had things handled!
This is like a battlefield!
There isn't a moment's rest between each wave!
Here are some orders!
Table 1 wants a special sandwich,
two French toasts,
and three coffees.
The coffee should be after their meal!
Table 3 wants two beef stews,
two Napolitans,
one coffee, two iced coffees,
and one melon soda.
The Napolitans should have no green peppers!
The food's kind of slow.
I'm not going to make the train at this rate.
Arato, can you handle the customers?
Huh?
Table 4's order is up, including the Napolitan!
Wow.
Hey!
I ordered a cheeseburger with cheddar!
I'm so sorry.
We'll make the right o
Forget it!
I'd be late!
Arato!
There's bad communication between the kitchen and the servers.
Can you go check it out?
No way. Giving me orders?
Who does he think he is?!
Everything about you... is too small.
But what you said...
They were all situations that didn't involve
dealing with an endless stream of orders, weren't they?
I can't show my face to Erina-sama.
Damn it!
Thank you so much!
It's over!
We made it through!
That was wonderful!
Without you, we wouldn't have made it!
Yeah, it was amazing!
Totsuki's students sure are different.
Yes. He has practical experience, as well.
What? We're talking about you, too!
By dinnertime, you were all up to speed!
You're a quick learner, and flexible, too!
You were a huge help.
Th-Thank you.
What was that for?! How rude!
Good work.
Keep up the good work tomorrow, too, Arato!
Don't give me orders!
Yeah, yeah. Got it.
I refuse.
French Restaurant Excellent Head Chef Kasayama
What did you say?
I am saying that I won't wash dishes or anything of that sort.
I believe delegating trivial tasks to me
is nothing other than a foolish error in judgment.
You're just a student. Get over yourself.
Soma-kun! Things are looking rocky on my end!
Third Day of Training
Man, you were a huge help today, too.
It was a great idea to accept residents.
Is that a photo of this restaurant?
Yeah.
It's from back when my dad used to be the chef.
I still remember how he was worshiped by all the local regulars.
Your restaurant does have a wide selection,
and you season your dishes very carefully.
Yeah.
That's about the only thing I'm proud of!
I want to try my best to work toward that ideal restaurant from the past.
What're you slacking for, Yukihira Soma?
We're not done cleaning yet!
Is this good enough?
Leaving a visible mark...
Is this what it means?
What are you talking about?
The program's going quite well.
Well, I guess.
By the way, I wonder how the others are doing?
I wonder what kind of restaurants they ended up in?
I'm sure Erina-sama is doing well,
even without me.
Wonderful, Chef!
The dishes have been refined above and beyond what they used to be!
The redesigned course menu is novel and bold, too! Perfect!
With this, you'll get a Michelin star next year for sure!
Th-Thank you, it's an honor...
Erina-sama, please check the taste!
Erina-sama, sorry to keep you waiting on the prep work!
Saucier, you are 50 seconds behind schedule.
Sorry!
Good.
Please serve it to the customers.
Yes, ma'am!
My castle... was taken over... by that little bitch
before I even knew it!
Chef Kasayama.
About the main dish...
I believe the texture can be improved
if it is poached at a slightly lower temperature.
There are about twelve other issues I'd like to discuss with you.
Would that be all right?
Please do.
Then first, regarding the hors d'oeuvre...
There has to be something I can do, too.
Man, this just isn't cutting it.
That again?
What do you find lacking?
They make solid food,
their staff are all nice, and they care about their restaurant.
I want to help them as much as I can.
Hey...
Is this good enough for you?
Huh?
That restaurant isn't where you really want to be, right?
I do think that the restaurant has to change.
Besides...
Well, never mind.
Anyway, see you tomorrow!
Fourth Day of Training
Good morning, Arato-san.
Please take care of the delivery slips today.
Yes, sir. I'm already on it.
Okay, thank you!
This restaurant has to change?
What do you mean by that, Yukihira Soma?
That restaurant isn't where you really want to be, right?
Hmph.
Remember who he is.
See?
Ever since we came, sales have gone up, and complaints have gone down.
If... we leave...
Right.
They'll revert back to their old ways.
Of course, adding more bodies
during crunch time will help keep the restaurant running.
But it's not really solving the root problem.
I wonder if we should let things stay the way they are.
We're holding an emergency meeting!
Emergency Staff Meeting Discussion: Future Direction for Western Restaurant Mitamura
If I don't do something,
the Stagiaire will end with my only having done trivial tasks.
I can't do anything amazing like Nakiri-san,
but I have to be more useful!
Here's the next batch!
Oh, okay!
In Preparations
Let's advertise a part-time job right now!
Emergency Staff Meeting Discussion: Future Direction for Western Restaurant Mitamura
We have to find new help before the Totsuki students leave!
But do you think we can easily find people who can fill their shoes?
Should we cut down the menu?
The large menu has become a liability.
If you print a new menu, keeping only the customers' favorites
No!
There are recipes in there that are from my grandfather's day!
If you keep on the way you have, this restaurant will eventually go under
Hey, we're grateful for your help and all.
But making such a huge change...
We've been working here since the previous owner's time.
If we change the menu, it wouldn't be Mitamura anymore.
But don't you feel sorry for the customers?
Even though they chose this place to come into,
they can't get the food they ordered. It's not even about the taste.
That's unacceptable!
Mitamura-san.
What kind of restaurant do you want this place to be?
Huh?
There's something I want you to consider...
Excuse me.
Hello?
What?
About the second course, the fish salad...
What, you too?!
Go back to washing dishes!
Okay, sorry!
It's fine.
Tell us.
Um...
I thought it'd be nice if customers could choose how much sauce they want to pour on.
The dishes that come in either tend to have a lot of leftover sauce,
or a lot of leftover vegetables
if customers used bread to soak up the sauce.
She found something to improve, just from washing dishes?
But it might be difficult to do.
It'll mean more work for the hall and kitchen staff.
No.
Serving the sauce in a sauciere has been
a widespread practice in France for a long time.
Reverting to such a tradition may actually be quite novel.
Cut it out already!
The customers are coming here to eat my food!
Who cares about the amount of sauce
Um, Chef!
What?!
A customer's requesting more sauce...
Thank you! Please come again!
Thank You for Your Business. Due to Circumstances, We Are Changing to Reservations Only. Western Restaurant Mitamura
Going to reservations only?!
Mitamura's food is good. There's no questioning that.
Thanks to your careful work and the large menu, customers are always satisfied.
But these virtues have become faded
because of the changes in the area.
So I think this is a possible option for you to take.
It's too bad for customers trying to drop in, but...
Reservations only, huh?
It's easy to say, but will it actually work?
It's a huge risk to turn away customers who find their way to our door.
Why do we suddenly have to change how we've been doing things now?
If the circumstances have changed,
and you don't also change, you won't be able to move forward!
If there is something you really want to pursue,
you should cling to it without worrying about appearances!
I believe this restaurant has great potential!
I want to believe that!
Well, it's not us who'll be making that decision.
It's the man at the top, right? Mitamura-san?
What is it you want to pursue as the chef?
Shimizu-san, thank you for the reservation!
Hey, sorry for not coming by for a while.
It seemed really busy recently,
so I found it hard to drop in.
Now that you're only allowing reservations,
I came rushing back!
I want the usual Napolitan, and two side dishes.
Oh, and...
Cut back a bit on the salt, right?
You know me, third-generation chef!
Thank you for waiting.
Oh, yes.
The food here tastes just as good as I remember.
May I have coffee afterward, as well?
Of course.
It seems they've overcome one of the criteria for passing the Stagiaire.
Totsuki Academy Academic Affairs Division Nishizono Kazue
It's not just enough to handle the job you were given.
You have to figure out what you can do to improve the restaurant and take action.
That's the first step in the Stagiaire.
You were looking pretty blue on the first day,
but you look like you're feeling a bit better now.
Hmph.
If you have time to waste in idle talk,
you can work harder, Yukihira Soma!
Glad you enjoyed it!
It's, Thank you! Please come again!
Don't start using your own catchphrase!
You've passed the first Stagiaire.
Huh?
Your work was faultless, both of you.
Thank you.
Where were they watching us from?
Totsuki sure is amazing.
Information about the next training location should be delivered by tomorrow.
Good luck.
By the way, Arato.
You're going to go back to Nakiri's place soon, aren't you?
Not again...
What's wrong?
Cheer up. I can hear you out.
I-I'm so nervous!
Why's this happening?!
You seem to have a lot of luggage.
I'll give you a ride.
I don't know why someone with your talent has been unknown for so long.
Wh-Wh-Wh-What? This is embarrassing.
What was the score on your high school division entrance exam?
Um, it was really low!
I can't tell her I got the worst grade!
But I didn't manage to make my way back from that on my own.
I managed to survive camp and enter the Autumn Elections
all thanks to everyone at the dorm and Soma-kun.
When I first saw Soma-kun,
I made up my mind to stay as far away as I could,
but we somehow became friends...
Please don't talk any more about him.
Oh, sorry.
I wonder if I said something that got on her nerves.
By the way, Nakiri-san, you're always with Arato-san, right?
What?
Um, is something wrong?!
Hisako...
See, Hisako?
The cherry blossoms are so pretty!
You should come over here, too!
Oh, that would be improper!
I'll stay behind you, Erina-sama.
I am your aide.
Hisako...
What I wanted back then was for you to...
How pathetic.
I still lack confidence somehow.
I think I've been too complacent.
I was fine as long as I could walk behind Erina-sama.
I didn't want anything more.
So, why are you stressing out?
Did you even hear what I said?!
The answer's simple.
From now on, try to become someone
who can walk beside her instead of behind her.
I lost to Hayama, too.
So let's beat him someday, yeah?
But... I lost. I don't have the right...
If there's something you really want to pursue,
you cling to it without worrying about appearances.
You said that.
Oh, and these belong to one of my dorm mates,
but she said she could spare them for a bit.
With Heart
I promised Nakiri she could read them,
but it's hard to find time to drop them off.
So this is a great opportunity.
Take them to Nakiri, will you?
Thanks, Arato.
Don't drop them on the way, yeah?
Yukihira Soma...
Thank you!
Come over here.
I'm the same way, Arato.
In the end, my cooking may have just been me chasing after my dad!
I'm gonna take my time
checking out the cooking world outside of Yukihira, with wide-open eyes!
Then I'm gonna shine a new light on my own cooking!
All right!
Where's the next Stagiaire?!
The Second Plate
Next Episode: The Magician Once More
Next time, The Magician Once More.
