I heard you call for help, Suiryu.
You did well on your own.
Leave the rest to me.
That head...
A hero?
A hero?!
You stupid little hero!
Did you show up just to try to make a name for yourself?
The Ultimate Dilemma
Don't make me laugh!
You don't even realize how weak you are!
You're just...
You're...
Huh?!
Who are you? Have we met before?
Shut up!
Now that I'm a monster, you can take
the full course of pain dealt by the great Bakuzan!
Art of Darkness Hell-Killer!
Demon-Weeper Low Kick!
You guys, too?
It's impressive that you didn't get knocked over by that blow,
but I know you're regretting your actions, now that you see how powerful I am!
Bear-Killer Mid Kick!
He's protecting those guys who are passed out?
Wait... You need to protect yourself!
Carnage Punch!
If you want to apologize for what you did to me during our match, now's the time!
How boring. Looks like you've lost your mind.
I'll just finish you now!
You and those insects next to you can all be crushed in bits!
Hell-Bringin' Hand Chop!
Nope. Can't remember who you are.
What the hell was this guy's problem?
Oh, well.
Man, you must've been through hell.
After you won the tournament, too.
Anyway, I defeated the monster, so keep up the good work.
R-Right...
Thanks for saving me.
H-Hey, who are you really?
I'm Saitama. A hero.
Saitama? So you entered the tournament under a false name?
Oh, shit.
Why did you enter?
Is this some plan that the Hero Association came up with?
No... I just wanted to experience martial arts.
There's the prize money, too.
There's this hero hunter going around lately,
and I heard he was a martial arts expert, so I got curious.
I see... So it was a strategy to deal with him.
I wouldn't go so far as to call it a strategy...
I just happened to get my hands on an entry ticket.
To be more specific...
I was bored.
You were bored?
But I'm alive, thanks to you.
I should've shown up sooner.
Hey, Saitama.
You shouldn't go outside.
Members of some organization
called the Monster Association are wreaking havoc.
For real?
Yeah. Apparently, they have the ability to turn humans into monsters.
That's what happened to the guy you just defeated.
Remember Bakuzan, from the second round?
That was him?
I don't really remember every single guy I punch.
Anyway, it's really dangerous right now, so you should just stay put.
I'm sure Goketsu is nearby, too.
Goketsu?
Yeah, there was another really dangerous monster.
He basically handled me like I was a baby.
There's no way that strength was fair.
I need to go back as soon as my repairs are finished.
I know it was a surprise attack, but that monster defeated me in a single blow.
I can't let that thing run free.
I need to get the Class S heroes together
and get Master Saitama to help, as well.
We'll take him down together!
He's that strong?
Even if we meticulously plan and prepare, I'm not sure we can defeat him.
I see.
So, where'd this monster go?
Huh? Well, he's over there...
Oh, so that's what that loud noise was.
I'll be right back.
H-Hey! Wait a second!
You heard what I just told you, right? I just warned you!
Yeah, I heard you. So what?
You still don't get it?
He's also a former top-class martial artist!
He's not some normal guy! He's going to kill you!
Ah, so he's a martial arts expert.
That works out great. I wasn't actually satisfied yet.
H-Hey. You're hurt, aren't you?
Don't push yourself.
I'm not letting go! I can't let the person who saved my life just die!
I couldn't stop him!
After I just... After I finally met a true hero!
He's not supposed to die here!
He was supposed to save many, many more lives!
Huh?
Oh, yeah. I forgot one thing.
Could you keep the fact that I lied to enter this competition a secret?
Was Goketsu tough, at least?
I mean, he still only took one punch, so I couldn't tell the difference.
There's something that I forgot to ask you.
What?
I don't know if it'll help me get over my fear, but I have a goal now.
Do you think I can become a hero, too?
No idea.
Huh?
But, I mean...
I was able to become one, so I think anyone probably can.
You're supposed to be scared at first.
That's how I was, too, before I got way too strong.
A hero who's too strong...
That's great.
Can I ask you one more question, Saitama?
Sure.
Will you make me your disciple?
Absolutely not.
Damn it... I can't fight him effectively because he's covered in spikes.
What am I supposed to...
Prisoner! Don't punch him with your bare hands!
Use the steel ball attached to your leg!
Hit him with that!
Thank you for all your passionate cheers, fiery youth!
I'll go up there to kiss you all later, so make sure you just stay on the roof!
It's no use... He can't hear us.
Is there really a reason he has to fight naked?
Ah, the young men cheering me on, despite putting themselves in danger...
I will not let your love go to waste!
Love...
I see.
I get it now.
If I just give him all my love and take in all the pain...
There's no need to be afraid anymore!
Angel Hug!
Is it me, or is he staring at us really intently... covered in blood?
Hello, this is Puri Puri Prisoner.
What?
My honeys have been taken from our sweet home?
Where is that monster right now?
They disappeared?
Yeah... They all suddenly disappeared about 30 minutes ago.
They suddenly started wreaking havoc, then suddenly disappeared?
What are they trying to do?
Damn it. I can't believe I missed something so important.
All the other heroes were fighting out here. What the hell was I doing?
I can't call myself a hero if I don't defeat monsters.
No, wait.
It's not like I'm fighting monsters because I want to be called a hero.
I feel like I'm forgetting something very important.
Like why I became a hero...
I started this because I was interested in it, right?
But lately, even after joining the Hero Association, I'm still bored.
The hero hunter piqued my interest a bit.
That's also why I entered that martial arts tournament.
But fighting with Suiryu and the others,
and even with that super martial arts monster, didn't make me feel anything.
I didn't gain anything from it.
Saitama?
King.
You sure it's okay for you to be out here?
Yeah. I guess there was some kind of warning, but it's super quiet now.
What's up? You seem really down.
I was just thinking.
I see. But you're still young, so you shouldn't lose hope.
King...
I mean, it might still grow back. And there are plenty of hair growth formulas...
Wait, wait. That's not even what I'm talking about!
This is a much bigger problem.
Really? Doesn't sound like you.
You're the invincible Saitama.
Apparently, I can't get any stronger.
Huh?
I became too strong.
I don't feel anything, no matter who I fight.
I get nothing from it. There's nothing I can learn from anyone else.
But isn't becoming that strong an amazing feat in itself?
King... If you can't grow anymore,
it also means that you can't enjoy growing anymore, either.
No matter how many monsters I defeat,
deep inside, I'm bored out of my mind.
I never thought being a hero would be so lonely.
You're lonely, Saitama?
Yeah.
Why don't you check out the ballroom dancing school in front of City Z Station?
Huh? Why?
Just make some friends if you're lonely.
Uh, that's not the issue here.
Why not?
Why not? Because... I'm not interested.
I mean, I'm not that bored lately.
Then why not take a vacation once things settle down,
for a change of pace?
Vacation?
I can't think of anywhere I really want to go.
Good grief.
You say you're bored, but you refuse to do anything.
You seek stimulation, but you refuse to challenge yourself.
I was like that in the past, too.
Listen up, Saitama.
Life is an endless journey.
In order to see something new, you need to open up that path yourself.
Have you even traveled anywhere before?
I think you've mistaken becoming strong with reaching your destination.
I don't think the endgame for a hero is that simple.
Like you can talk to anyone about being a hero...
Seeking satisfaction from fighting is fundamentally wrong.
Being courageous and taking action for the sake of others should be
what truly gives a hero their meaning.
He's actually making sense.
In that respect, you're still not the ultimate hero, Saitama.
You're right.
Which means much remains for you in the pursuit of your highest ideals.
It also means saying that you have no more room to grow
is just shallow and arrogant, don't you think?
King...
Ahem.
What does the ultimate hero need?
An unwavering sense of justice, the power to fight,
and the courage to face all obstacles...
Until you can find the true answer to that question,
you don't have time to say that you're bored.
At least, that's what I think.
I also read that in a manga.
You're amazing, dude.
The ultimate hero... Think about my ideals, huh?
That sounds even more boring.
If you're that bored, want to come over and play some games?
Uh, I'm really not in the mood for that right now.
Everything I do just makes me feel empty inside.
Oh, come on. Let's do it.
You want to lose sometimes, don't you? I'll make you lose.
It's no use trying to provoke me.
It's not like I get mad when I lose at video games.
It doesn't even frustrate me.
My emotions are waning, you know.
I see. Then how about this?
I'll only use one finger on each hand as a handicap.
No takebacks!
I'm gonna crush you this time!
To think the tables would turn on me like that...
His power and speed were both far greater than I'd ever imagined.
I was lucky to even escape.
Although... using human martial arts against a four-legged fighting style
put me at a disadvantage.
I definitely learned something.
That was so much fun, I can barely contain myself!
I can become even stronger!
That's...
There's no doubt about it.
I couldn't ask for a better chance than this!
My body still moves, and I can't feel any pain.
Actually, I'm so excited that I can feel my strength welling up within me!
King, I'm going to hunt you!
Predict his next move!
I have it! Prepare to die!
Do you know the guy who just tried to attack you?
No... I haven't the slightest.
Jeez, there's no end to it if you have to deal with punks like that.
Come to think of it, have you heard what's going on right now?
No idea.
I don't know all the details, but there are monsters wreaking havoc everywhere,
and there's also some self-proclaimed hero hunter who's been hunting heroes.
Apparently, there's a lot going on.
I see...
I've been pretty curious about this hero hunter guy.
Really?
I mean, no other human ever called themselves a monster, right?
It was the same thing when I started being a hero on my own.
So I have my hopes up a little. He might actually be stronger than me.
I see. Hopefully you'll be able to meet him soon.
Show yourselves.
Who are you?!
Two against one?
You must be prepared to die, if you have the balls to attack me!
Attack you? That's a bit harsh.
Right? You're the last survivor of the Final 44, Speed-o-Sound Sonic, right?
Are you two from the village?
We're from the Golden 37. I'm Tempest Wind.
I'm Hellfire Flame.
What do you want with me?
We're here to recruit you.
Want to do something big with us?
Something big?
Yes.
We're going to take over this world...
as monsters who have surpassed humanity.
There is an association called the Monster Association that only accepts monsters.
We are members there.
The world is about to be flipped upside-down.
This all sounds like nonsense.
Why are you inviting me?
We want to defeat Flashy Flash once and for all.
Help us do that.
Don't make me laugh. I have neither the obligation nor the time to do that.
Get lost if you don't want to die.
I guess we'll just have to show you, then.
We mentioned the Monster Association, didn't we?
We're also...
All it takes is becoming a monster.
No drugs or surgery can even come close to this.
Are you interested in powering up now?
A monster cell.
All you need to do is ingest this into your body.
I'll give it to you.
We'll be waiting for you at the Monster Association.
No matter how much more I train, I can't see myself defeating him.
But I want to defeat Saitama, no matter what.
And to do that...
I'll have to throw away my humanity. When I lost to him, I basically died.
I have no need to hold on to my humanity.
Saitama, I'm going to become a monster!
Some of the monsters are still about, so the evacuation order is still in effect.
It's been a long day.
One particularly strong opponent is Martial Gorilla.
He said that he's going to continue attacking
Class A heroes until his threat level is raised from Tiger to Demon.
City W, huh?
Have the heroes in the area gather and surround him.
There's no need.
It'd be a waste to call upon so many heroes over small fry.
Zombieman!
Class S Rank 8 Zombieman
Leave this to me.
R-Right!
Now, then...
Hey! I can't find a single hero!
If my calculations are correct,
the one behind all these incidents is that organization.
Considering how careless he's being,
I might be able to get him to lead me to their hideout.
Well, aren't you built like a tank?
Shit! He's going to attack that civilian.
Are you a pro hero?
Sorry?
You're a friggin' gorilla!
Well, so are you.
Wh-What the hell are you? A freelance monster?
What the heck is a freelance monster? I'm just here to buy some groceries.
Groceries?!
You're a monster! Are you trying to blend into human society?
You're a disgrace to all monsterkind!
Jeez, that's kinda harsh...
If you're going to become a potential enemy, you can die here and now!
Take your fighting somewhere else.
Changing targets. I'm going to follow him instead.
We ended up spending the whole day volunteering to take care of the monsters.
I mean, I guess that's actually your job.
Say, Bang. Isn't there a chance that Garo was taken out
by either another hero or a monster during this whole mess?
That's not possible, Big Bro.
I didn't train him to be that weak.
But that's exactly why I have to take responsibility and defeat him myself.
Garo, do you truly understand what it means to become a monster?
If someone else is going to defeat you, then I should be the one to...
The sun is going to set soon.
We've received important information from Drive Knight.
Information about our current enemy.
They are called the Monster Association.
We're uncertain of their true motive,
but they claim to be an association that opposes the Hero Association,
and they have the ability to turn humans into monsters.
Their leader is called Orochi the Monster King.
We also have information on the location of their hideout.
The place is City Z, the ghost town.
So, the area that's been overrun with monsters.
But the fact that they kidnapped an executive's son...
Are they planning to negotiate?
I think they're trying to say that we shouldn't provoke them.
They probably thought they could negotiate with us to stop eliminating them.
True...
It all makes sense if the monsters in the ghost town are conspiring against us.
If that's the case, the recent violence can be seen as some sort of monster protest.
The monsters we're currently dealing with
have enough intelligence to work as a group.
It's very likely that they will try to contact us.
Then maybe we should exploit that.
Let's figure out a way to dupe them and annihilate them.
Let's hear them out first.
Getting the hostage back safely is still our top priority.
Yes. Esteemed Advisor Narinki is one of our top supporters.
If something were to happen to his son, he might cut off funding.
We must rescue him at all costs.
A message has arrived from the Monster Association!
A message has arrived from the Monster Association!
Well, what is it?
A message has arrived from the Monster Association!
Hey...
There's something wrong with him.
A message has arrived... from the Monster Association...
A message has arrived...
A message has arrived from the Monster Association!
It was okay that I cooked this, right?
There's no logical way that I could've eaten it raw.
I'm just not going to think about it.
Just you wait, Saitama!
*Shortly after, Sonic suffered from diarrhea
The Encircling Net of Justice
