Where the Sun Shines
SHOGI HALL
Hey, Kiriyama!
WAVE WAVE
Over here! You got a moment?
Here, have a seat.
Kishou Yanagihara. Good evening.
Hey, Kiriyama. Congrats on becoming the Newcomer King.
Thank you.
KABUKI AGESEN
A commemoration match?
With Meijin Souya?
Just saying his name out loud
gave me goose bumps.
In our country, he's the child of God.
Um, it won't be at the Shogi Hall, as usual?
Usually we do. But this year is different!
We'll invite people, get the press to cover it,
and make it a huge event! Like boom, bam!
In fact, on the same level as a title match.
But, um, why make such a... Why so suddenly?
Speaking frankly, Kiriyama,
you're aware of cases
for the person who becomes the Newcomer King goes on to become a meijin?
I won it before.
So did I.
And then, you're the fifth middle school student in shogi history
to become a professional right after Souya.
Everybody's rooting for you to become a meijin too, Kiriyama.
A star showdown! The current meijin versus the future meijin!
How can he say that so lightly?!
But unlike our era, you've got Souya to contend with,
so I feel sorry for you young guys.
Yeah. He wasn't around in our day.
Yep. Sure am glad I was born a long time ago. Kidding.
Still, he used to be cute.
Back when Souya won his first title.
He's already an old man now.
Hey, Souya's no old man.
Sure he is.
I mean, he's the same age as Shimada.
Well, it's a mystery how those two could be the same age.
I know. What the hell happened in Shimada's life?
SHINY SHINY
DIM...
I would swear that Shimada's the same age as Gotou.
But Shimada's still in his 30s, right?
Um, can we change the subject?
Anyway, what are we going to do about this year's Kishou championship?
My plan was to bill it as, Sakurai 7th-Dan taking on his first title championship!
Shogi Association's Mountaineering Club
Top Alpinist
(Attack)>Invites people he likes to the mountains (pretty tall ones)
We had full media coverage ready, demonstration board commentary,
but then that moron Shimada...
Somebody must be talking about me.
Even though he already lost once, he just couldn't take the hint.
Like an underdog, he clawed his way back up,
and then, in the third match to determine the challenger, he crushed it with an upset win.
It's like, would you give me a break?
B-But Mr. Shimada has been making an incredible effort too, um...
(The voice of a Shimada fan)
Just imagining what the posters might be like gets me down.
KISHOU CHAMPIONSHIP FIRST MATCH
MENTAL IMAGE
Could it be any drabber?
The close-up profiles of two homely old men...
I wouldn't even want to go!
Yeah, I can picture it.
My heart won't even throb one bit.
He's not young or flashy, but his playing is strong and tenacious.
It doesn't have a single thing going for it.
I have a feeling someone's saying terrible things about me.
If people don't talk about this event, we'll lose sponsors.
The Kishou Championship will be canceled.
Well, yeah, reality is harsh.
TURN
So you're doing us a solid here, Kiriyama!
Good luck!
Doing you...
It means we're counting on you!
Hey, Kiriyama, what's wrong?
You suddenly froze up.
Your face is red.
Are you hot?
SHOGI HALL
Want some barley tea?
How did I get home that night?
All kinds of things went in and out of my head.
It felt like I was floating, so it was hard to walk.
Even after I got in bed,
the lights reflected on the river kept glimmering and swaying in front of my eyes.
Gently swaying...
And the next day...
After School Shogi Science Club Now in Session!!
Sorry for being late.
Excuse me...
Congratulations, Newcomer King Kiriyama
Congratulations, Newcomer King Kiriyama
Okay, now I'd like to...
have a toast to Kiriyama, for winning the title of Newcomer King.
Cheers!
Thank you.
And now I'll explain the menu, a cornucopia of the Shogi Science Club's scientific successes.
First, the soft drink we just made a toast with...
is homemade ginger ale!
We used fresh ginger that was growing behind the gym.
Next, Caspian Sea yogurt, we spared no effort to grow it in the physics prep room's refrigerator.
And freshly-gathered natto with rice flour dumplings.
Plum jam made from the plums off the tree in front of the principal's office.
And finally, of course, our ramune.
WAFT
Still, you did great, Kiriyama.
Man, Yamazaki was good!
But you really stuck it out, Kiriyama.
I'm impressed you endured that.
Mr. Hayashida was watching the live internet broadcast and he was so worked up over it.
He was yelling and cheering.
They were about to kick us out of Mec's.
Of course I was excited!
It was a broadcast of my student's game, with a title on the line!
What is this? It's pretty good.
What do you mean by pretty?
But still...
that Pawn to 7-5 was a cool move.
I was on the edge of my seat there.
I never thought we would get a Newcomer King from the Shogi Science Club!
When I think about one of my comrades is fighting a battle, I feel so proud!
I'm still not great at shogi, but I got so nervous just watching!
What's up, Kiriyama?
Um... I need to go to the bathroom.
I bet their weird food is giving you stomach pains!
How rude!
- Well, I mean... - Sheesh!
I wonder what this is.
When did I get here?
To this...
warm place.
Dang it.
It won't stop.
And everyone's waiting for me...
It means we're counting on you!
Congratulations. You worked really hard for it.
Rei, thank you.
I wonder if what I suddenly gained...
will be lost just as suddenly.
But for now, I'm just happy.
I'm so happy...
That's it.
Even if it all does eventually disappear, I'll never forget.
I'll never forget there were days when I was truly happy.
There's Kiriyama. We meet again. Even though we already said goodbye.
Looks like he's concentrating on choosing something.
DIARY CORNER Preserve Your Memories
How embarrassing!
L-Let's leave him be!
It's the first page in the springtime of his life.
Come on, let's go.
Well, I think I'll get one too.
Hey!
Noguchi!
Maybe I'll go with this ten-year one.
So I can take it out and remember anytime, any number of times.
Where the Sun Shines
Small World
Here. You should drink this.
It'll warm you up.
Take it.
Th-Thank you.
Here, sit up a little more.
You'll get burned if it spills on you.
Sorry.
If only I hadn't gotten sick, we'd be off the mountain by now.
I've been a drag on you all this time.
And I've become such a nuisance to you, Gakuto.
You're not a nuisance.
In the mountains, we have to bear the burden of each other's lives.
If I didn't think you were up for that, I would never have invited you.
That aside, I'm moved by the tenacity you displayed today.
You put up a nice fight, Issa.
Gakuto-senpai...
He taught me something that day.
SHOGI HALL
He taught me that the most important thing is to not give up.
So...
I think Gakuto-senpai will become the challenger for the Kishou Championship.
PLAINLY
Damn it. He's totally brainwashed.
As expected from the fearful Sakurai 7th-Dan's mountain therapy.
Issa is innocent, so he was done in one hit.
Issa...
He invites people he likes or his rivals to the mountains,
gets them in a jam, and then treats them with kindness,
thereby gaining their trust.
And the thing is, it's natural! He has no evil intentions.
Gakuto Sakurai Age 30 Class B-1
His refined behavior and kind smile make him the number one favorite in the shogi world.
That's scary! Gakuto is scary!
Once he's got you surrounded by mountains, he takes over your mind completely.
Look at Issa.
FLUFF FLUFF
At this rate, he probably can't beat Sakurai in a match.
Gakuto-senpai, good luck!
I hear Gakuto has invited Mr. Shimada before, too.
Seriously?
Except...
The mountains, eh?
I've had my fill of the mountains.
STAB
MIDDLE SCHOOL STUDENT
Ever since I was a little kid, I got dropped off in the mountains
PACK
and told not to come back home until I filled up my pack with bamboo shoots and vegetables.
ROCK CLIMBING IN SWEAT PANTS
That was close!
How can I put it? That was part of my daily life.
So I think I've had enough of it.
Really? That's too bad.
That's Shimada 8th-Dan for you, a natural-born mountain climber!
So cool! A man with a heart that not even a therapist can access!
He's starting to move.
Loose Stone Trap!
But if I took that,
he would take my pawn at 4-2.
If I went with the same, upper gold general, he would capture my 9-7 bishop.
Even promoting my rook and going to 8-9,
he would move his Bishop to 4-2 and get promoted,
DRAGON HORSE
and I'd be crushed.
In that case, I'll just move my bishop to 8-9, promoted.
I see.
Then...
RUMBLE RUMBLE CRASH
Falling Rocks Special!
Man, I'm tired.
I need to take a little break.
That's our Shimada 8th-Dan!
He handles even an avalanche of powerful pieces with his usual aplomb! So cool!
Gakuto will be okay, right?
But it would be better if Sakurai 7th-Dan wins, so we can get more readers!
Please don't say that.
I know, I shouldn't...
What? It looks like Shimada is going to win?
Saku, keep your voice down!
Don't do this to me!
Seriously, no one will come to the Kishou Championship!
Shimada, let's take a hint here!
It's not over! We don't know yet!
Gakuto-senpai never gives up and right now, his determination will cover the board...
No, we know.
He uses his pawn at 5-1, then after the same, Dragon,
he captures the 4-8 pawn and gold general.
He's in trouble with the same, upper gold general and lance at 4-5.
The pawn is about to be promoted, so he's got no defense.
Shimada is the challenger.
Come on, Toku, let's go drinking.
Sure!
The Kishou Championship, my tenth win is on the line...
and my opponent is Shimada.
Sakurai has a bright personality, and he's still green.
He would've been the perfect opponent for me.
Well, things don't always go the way you want them to.
I'm sure if you leave Shimada alone, he'll just start winning again.
Gotou was right.
He doesn't have charm,
but he's bulked up some more, and came back to us.
My tenth go-round with the Kishou Championship.
I've better literally defend it to the death.
I did it! I won the challenger's right!
It brings me shivers!
And not metaphorically...
Ow... My stomach...
After School Shogi Science Club Now in Session!!
How could I have forgotten?
Huh? Retiring?
That's right.
TWIRL TWIRL TWIST TWIST
Trying to make straw sandals with the straw gathered from last year's rice crop (for summer sandals)
After all, Kiriyama, other than you, we're all third-years,
3RD-YEARS
so after summer vacation is over, we have to focus on university entrance exams.
After all, you're all third-years.
And so, just like that, I lost the one place in school where I belonged.
Is Kiriyama going to be okay?
He's gotten a little more cheerful lately, but now this.
You worry too much.
Gaining and losing things are an unavoidable part of life for everyone.
You feel joy, you feel disappointment, and it repeats.
And that's how you learn how to handle your feelings.
Disappointment and loneliness are necessary emotions.
Because of loneliness, people muster courage...
and reach out to a new world.
Doing that is like reaching out as a baby does, and expands its small world.
GRAB
Teacher!
I'm a student.
THE NEXT DAY
Huh? Me?
I'll be fine.
Even alone, I can go over game records, examine past data,
come up with strategies for my next match, solve tsume-shogi problems...
Fully intending on holing up inside school (Too much sadness made him throw away logic.)
HEAPS...
Hey, somebody get me paper and a marker!
I-I said I'm fine!
Honestly, there's a ton of stuff I can do by myself.
Like researching new players or coming up with countermeasures...
That's not what a club is!
SHOGI CLUB COME JOIN!
Let's put up the new member recruitment poster! Come on!
STUDENT COUNCIL
Huh, Shogi Science Club?
I didn't know we even had that.
You're looking for members now? That's probably a tall order.
Went to Student Council to get stamp of approval
I've never done it myself.
Well, you have my blessing.
Komahashi High School Student Council Seal
Here. Good luck.
- Thanks. - Right?
However, the issue was soon resolved.
Kiriyama! Some people who want to join the club are here!
They saw your poster.
Good gracious, isn't this amazing, Kiriyama?
Um... I believe...
Actually...
Ever since you transferred here, I wanted to have you teach me shogi!
I kept sending Hayashida requests to join the Shogi Club...
but it was exasperating because he would always say, Right now is a little...
That's because Kiriyama didn't want his professional status to be public.
Also, the head teacher, Nakamura, said he wants to join too.
Thanks so much!
You did it, Kiriyama!
Including Mr. Hayashida, you've got five members.
You can continue on as the Shogi Club alone!
And they're all bigwigs!
B-But, um, clubs are supposed to have at least five student members...
That's trivial! Kiriyama, do you know who this man is?
He's the principal!
So getting around these things is easy peasy.
Well, I would like to put my own stamp on the academy in a positive way, you know?
And I'd like our Hashi High team to make B class in the Career Group Shogi Competition.
That's definitely within our range.
And now we have acquired the ultimate coach.
Hasn't this now become more of a shogi class than a shogi club?
And so, with the admission of a few unexpected new members, the club can now continue!
A new adventure begins for Rei Kiriyama and the jolly members.
Shogi Science Club Now in Session!
One summer afternoon, with the science division gone,
Shogi Club *Currently Looking for Student Members
the Shogi Science Club simply became the Shogi Club
and the average member age increased to 24 years old.
Small World
Next Episode Preview
Episode 34
It's gone. It's gone. It's gone!
Why does this keep happening lately?
Brown-noser...
Did you think I would hit you?
Teacher, do you believe that I hid it?
Be it a parent-teacher conference, or whatever,
I'll always be on your side, Hina.
ILLUSTRATION: HYOGONOSUKE
Issa, the mountains aren't going to get any bigger,
but we have a lot of room to grow.
Yes, Gakuto-senpai!
