What is going on?
Apparently, the Union Lords are gathering.
In the center is...
The banner of the Marquis of Jalucia, Lord Alexis Doucet.
Hurry and ask the Margrave of Waldlind for reinforcements!
Lord Dawson.
My Waldlind is battling the Altirk Treaty as we speak.
There's no way we can send reinforcements to the center of Alonne.
You are now a Lord of the Alliance, so show us some valor.
My master, Lord of Dawson, Sir Bernard Durum, is requesting to return allegiance to the Union.
I humbly request that you show mercy in your ruling.
I deny that request.
If he hands over his territories and Crest, and surrenders to me, I will spare his life.
Damn that insolent Doucet moppet!
Fine, I'll show him how to wage war!
We'll sally from the castle, and destroy the army surrounding us!
If we win this battle, I will reward the mercenary troops,
and grant the Lords with new court ranks and territories!
So fight with all your might!
So he chose to fight?
Then...
Let me play my music.
While keeping a fixed distance from the enemy mercenary troops,
the light cavalry will fire from horseback.
The light crossbow corps will advance while dispersing.
Envelope the Order of Knights as they charge towards us.
Gently at first...
And then... faster!
The right wing is in disarray.
Fall back for now, and regroup.
Left wing, spread out further.
That's right, gently... Gently...
Wh-What...
This is no battle...
This is Alexis creating a work of art!
Raise the white flag.
Lord Dawson was defeated?
Yes.
So the Union did us quite the favor.
Who was in command of the Union forces?
The Marquis of Jalucia, Sir Alexis Doucet.
All the Lords have been lauding that he led with such flair.
Has the Lord of Nord been notified?
He already knows, it seems.
He was laughing and saying that he can't wait to meet the Marquis of Jalucia on the battlefield.
I see.
Tell him he shouldn't let his guard down at any cost.
Alexis's talents are without peer.
And if he succeeds to display them on the battlefield,
he will prove to be a formidable opponent.
As you wish.
Why?
Why did you set foot on the battlefield, Alexis?
Now you'll get dragged into the war that's just about to begin.
She's telling me to watch out for that Doucet brat?
Yes, sir.
We've also received word that a massive Union fleet is already headed this way.
I am known as the Sea King, and he wants to wage a naval battle?
We're mobilizing!
Let's go annihilate that Doucet moppet!
Jalucia has an ironclad ship in her fleet. It's known as the Invincible Warship.
Once we board those ships, that iron armor will be utterly useless.
I'll seize them all.
I've spotted the Nordic fleet!
Enemy numbering around 1,000!
Ring formation.
Wait for the enemy to approach.
The Union fleet has come to a stop, and appears to be waiting for us!
We'll attack in one go! Full speed ahead!
What kind of battle formation is that?
No matter which ship we board, we can cross over to the next one.
He must know nothing about naval battles.
Or if you look at it another way,
no matter which ship we board, they'll get reinforcements from other ships.
We'll disperse and surround the enemy fleet.
If we assault at the same time from all directions,
the enemy can't concentrate their firepower!
All ships, activate Battle Flag Berserk!
The enemy fleet is dispersing as they approach!
All ships, lower your rafts.
Draw the enemy ships near.
Stand by for further instructions.
Now!
Battle Flag Telcio, confirmed!
They've just lost their minds because of the battle flag's power.
They'll stop moving once they're dead.
Ironclad, open fire.
What kind of battle is this?
What the hell are they doing?
This is nothing but a siege!
This can't be happening.
Does this mean that me, the Sea King, will fall to those weakling Union Lords?
My King, let's retreat.
We should return to Nord, and stage a comeback.
I refuse to live in disgrace after being utterly routed like this!
Since it's come to this, I will continue to fight until I die as a warrior!
Gods of Valhalla, watch over me!
My soul shall travel to where you reside, become your warrior, and prepare for the twilight!
Stand your ground! Fight back!
Surround him!
Don't let him get near Sir Alexis!
Douce...
Sir Alexis, this way!
Don't let him get near Sir Alexis!
Don't stop attacking! Bring this monster down!
Now! Finish him off!
What the hell is he?
Is he immortal or something?
That warrior is brimming with insanity and murderous intent.
How can a human turn into such a thing?
You damned monster!
Die!
Chop its head off!
Understood!
This crazed warrior is...
I believe it's the Sea King Erik.
Its massive frame and appearance is unmistakable.
For this to be his end...
Sir Alexis!
I'm fine.
The Chaos Core is almost ready.
Sir Alexis, please take the Sea King's Crest.
Yes.
Marrine.
I will soon be by your side.
After that recent battle at sea,
it's fair to say the three forces, the Alliance, the Union, and the Treaty, are now evenly matched.
And so we, the Altirk Treaty, propose for the Alliance to call a truce with the Union.
A truce is out of the question.
The loss of the Nordic king is a huge blow, but the Alliance still has reserve power.
I'll have to mobilize all my forces, and assault both the Treaty and the Union into oblivion.
I see.
Then, we'll be in formation awaiting your arrival
where the Union and the Alliance previously had their final battle.
Should the Alliance win, we'll hand over our Crests and territories.
But in the event that there's no clear winner, we'd like you to accept our proposal.
Do I really need to give you my promise?
No. But a three-way struggle between all our forces is far from ideal to you.
I think we would only be giving the edge to our true enemy.
The true enemy?
What do you know?
Not that I have any definitive proof,
but I believe it was the Mage Academy that set off the Great Hall Tragedy.
Whether or not your guess is correct,
once this battle is decided, I'm certain it will be revealed.
Is that right?
Would you mind telling me one thing?
What would that be?
What did you say to Alexis?
Why did the Marquis of Jalucia suddenly decide to take action?
He must've realized it's what he needed to do for your sake.
Even if you unified the Crests by military force, it would be you who got hurt in the process.
Ridiculous!
I've made so many sacrifices in order to walk down this path.
I cannot stop in my tracks now!
Sir Theo intends to try to stop you.
And Sir Alexis must have also steeled his resolve to do so as well.
Aubest!
I wish to gather all the Alliance Lords and have a meeting.
I'm going to advocate war against the Treaty and the Union.
It sounds somewhat impetuous...
It cannot be helped.
The final battle will be held not far from Eramu.
All of the Lords will gather there from across the Continent.
Depending on the outcome of the battle, we might see the creation of the Grancrest.
We need to know what that might entail.
As you wish.
This could very well trigger another Great Hall Tragedy.
No, it could be something even more gruesome.
Alexis...
THE AWAKENING OF A NOBLE
EPISODE 20 PITCHED BATTLE OF THE THREE FORCES
