It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode Six
The Code Too Simple
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Angou
East Kanto Social Rehabilitation Promotion Center
The Social Rehabilitation Promotion Center.
It's one of the prisons built through that private sector initiative.
I was just one of many first-time offenders confined here.
My speech during the war ran afoul of the
New Information Privacy and Protection Act,
so I was imprisoned there'til last week.
If I recall, Mr. Yajima, you were Kaishou Rinroku's...
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
We were friends during our university days.
Yajima
Critic
I studied literary criticism, while his field was technology...
And yet, you're relying on Shinjurou?
A trap? Could this be a trap?
Inga
Detective's Assistant
I can't ask Kaishou.
In fact, it has to be you two, who stand against him.
Professor Yajima...
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I thought I would be able to make your acquaintance here.
I heard you have a stomach illness or...
Yes.
Thanks to that, my release date has been moved up.
There's something I'd like you to see...
It's from my personal belongings, but...
Well, you don't see this book every day.
I have a copy of it myself...
Well, well...
Kaishou Rinroku
Is it Kaishou Rinroku's...?
Most definitely.
Where did you get this?
A secondhand bookstore before they put me in here...
May I keep it?
I want to see the look of surprise on Kaishou's face when I give it to him.
It won't do much for his reputation if it gets out
that books from his own private library are on the market.
By all means.
Thank you.
I'll be going then...
Since you're here, too, I surmise that you're also not well?
This.
This, Professor.
This...
And that man dropped this slip of paper?
I don't think so...
It probably fell out from between the pages of the book.
The reason I say that...
It's printed on my own personalized manuscript paper.
This is my manuscript paper.
Then did you write this?
Of course not.
In the first place, this book is from Kaishou Rinroku's collection.
Why was a piece of my manuscript paper between its pages?
You called on me to solve that mystery?
How could it have gotten in there?
That's all?
I want to know the whole story.
Why don't you just ask Mr. Kaishou?!
I don't think he would give me a straight answer.
Excuse me...
Why don't I check it for fingerprints?
Wh-Who is this girl?
Can you?
If you have some electronic device, I can manage.
You have a cell phone, don't you?
Sasa Kazamori
Artificial Intelligence (R.A.I.)
Oh. I'm getting it. I'm getting it.
Give me the paper.
Okay!
She's not human?
She's human.
She's a RAI.
RAI?
Metro Police Dept. Fingerprint Database
They're banned, aren't they?
I've detected two sets of prints that are registered in the MPD database.
One belongs to you, Mr. Yajima.
The other...
Kaishou Rinroku?
Yajima Takako.
Yajima?
My wife...
It makes sense that your wife would touch your manuscript paper, right?
Yes... True.
You broke it! You broke it!
Breaking through security overloaded the device.
Kazamori broke it!
Hey, Shinjurou! Kazamori broke it!
So Yajima Takako's fingerprints are in the Metro Police Department's database...
What are we gonna do?
This could be interesting.
If it leads to catching Kaishou out...
Can I eat Kaishou's soul?
34-14-14...
Could this refer to...
If that's the case, the first character is i.
The next one is... tsu.
And then... mo!
See?! It's becoming a sentence!
Let's see, the next letter is...
( Itsumo no tokoro ni imasu...?) I'll be at the usual place...?
I figured I'd save you some time.
What the heck?!
If you deciphered it yourself, you should've said so right away!
I wouldn't even call it a code.
It was far too simple and basic.
But if the paper and the book were separated, no one would be able to crack it.
True... So?
Why was this paper in my father's book?
That's what I wanna know.
I'll be at the usual place...
Kaishou Rie
Daughter of Kaishou Rinroku, Lives at Home
A message about a rendezvous?
But for something like that, they just could've gone with a text or phone call.
Maybe the person was someone who couldn't be met if it left a record...
Are you trying to say that it's someone with a criminal connection or something?
No...
By the way, I believe your mother...
She passed away when I was three.
But what does that have to do with it?
Nothing...
Oh... I see...
Come to think of it, where's that Inga woman right now?
Thank you for your patience.
Here are your crepes.
Don't take a bite then tell me it's not sweet.
It's a crepe, all right, but it's real food.
I invited you to lunch because I figured you don't eat decent meals.
Parts of Southeast Asia were colonized by the French.
I've had them any number of times.
A secondhand bookstore?
Impossible...
I have that book right here.
Um...
Hey, where was that again?
This book?
Yeah, that's the one.
Kaishou Rinroku
It looks the same, but it's counterfeit?
Apparently so.
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
Kaishou Family Maid
Head Maid
If it's billed as being from Kaishou Rinroku's library,
the price of the book would go up.
You didn't put it up for auction, did you?
But let me take a look at the fake...
Rie...?
The usual place...
Mr. Yajima... Say...
Last year, you went out several times on errands for Father, didn't you?
Didn't you say you were going to Mr. Yajima's house then?
Oh, yes, as his friend was in prison then,
he had me go to the house to deliver toys to Mr. Yajima's children.
Were just his wife and children there?
Yes.
Is his wife pretty?
That's all right. Never mind...
Kaishou Rinroku says it's not his book.
What do you think, as a detective?
It seems very fishy...
Fishy?
If a book that you have no recollection of selling finds its way to the market,
you would naturally suspect thievery first.
But apparently, he didn't look worried at all.
And what do you think?
Mr. Yajima...
When you got the book, you broke the code too, didn't you?
I'll be at the usual place...
I thought it was a note summoning Kaishou.
And from a woman...
Under the guise of borrowing the book, the code was concealed within.
My guess is that two people exchanged the same book.
In other words, this very copy was originally the one in my own home.
Then the person who wrote the code on your manuscript paper...
Who's there?
Yajima Takako
Yajima's Wife
Is someone there?
It's me.
How many times have I told you that I'm home?
Oh...
Darling...
I'm in the middle of work, so get some rest.
Be careful on your way back...
How long has your wife been blind?
It happened while I was in the correctional center.
After our children went missing...
Your children...?
Kidnapping was suspected...
At the time, there were apparently
even anti-government terrorist attacks around here...
When my wife returned home,
she was blind and her memories of the time are foggy.
After that, my wife called over a used book dealer
and sold off almost all of my books.
And you can see what she did to all the drawings that our children had made.
As if she wanted to forget everything...
This volume may be one of the books that she sold.
And what about your children?
They were never found.
It's almost been a year now.
When you sleep with a woman, which side of the bed do you sleep on?
Do you sleep with that RAI?
Takako always snuggled up to me on my right side.
For all the years we've been together...
I'm left-handed.
But after coming back, Takako sleeps on the left side, on the right side...
I thought it was due to her blindness at first, but then I realized...
Kaishou Rinroku is right-handed.
What are you doing?
Kazamori said she wanted to see the camera!
Here!
Hey! Don't throw me!
Is this the RAI from the other day?
So?
I hacked into the footage of a surveillance camera.
At least six times in the past year,
Kaishou's car was parked in front of this house.
I see...
Wait a minute!
Even if my wife did have that kind of relationship with Kaishou,
I can't blame her.
As a result of sticking to my conviction, I was in prison for three years.
But my children...
Mr. Yajima?
If Takako did anything to the children
because they were in the way of her relationship with Rinroku...
I'll find out where your children are!
That's your real request, isn't it?
No... You've already done what I asked.
I think the souls in this house are about to burst!
Let me ask that woman...
What do you wanna ask?
It's obvious!
Where are your children?!
You think that mother killed them?!
Maybe Kaishou helped her...
If that's how it is, all of the truths and lies he's been saving up...
His soul will be laid bare!
Isn't that what you want?
Get away from me!
What is this?
A colored pencil. It's an instrument used to draw pictures on paper.
Hey!
A drawing?! I'm gonna draw! I'm gonna draw!
What should I draw on?
Yeesh. What is he, a little kid?
A sheet of construction paper or something...
Construction paper? What's that?
Kazamori!
What was used to write on this?
Why?
Just answer me!
Jeez, you're a slave driver...
Pigment and wax...
The ingredients for a typical colored pencil.
What's the nearest used bookstore from here?
I'm not a GPS!
Answer me!
Roger...
Um...
All of the books in Mr. Yajima's house?
Yes. We took them in.
They were all fine volumes, so the whole bunch soon sold off at once...
Who bought them?
That's personal information!
Please, I really need to know...
No can do! If I told you that, I could get arrested!
If you're looking for my father, he isn't here!
That's perfect.
I came here to ask a favor.
Please stop, Miss!
I'll be scolded for this!
Don't worry about it!
What... on earth... are you looking for?!
Used books!
Last year, Kaishou bought a collection of books from a secondhand store.
They were all originally sold from Mr. Yajima's house.
In that case, they're not over there.
Over here.
Hey, are these all books, too?
More?!
Tell me, Shinjurou, is there something between my father and Mr. Yajima's wife?
Shall we break the code together?
If you've got the courage, the answer to your question is probably in there.
Forgive me...
Akio... Kazuko...
You don't have to say anything, Takako...
I don't want to hear it...
This is...
I'll be waiting at the pool. July 10th, 3pm...
I have sweets. Keep it a secret from Mom.
Don't worry about Mom.
Let's play at the usual place. July 12th, 11am.
Akio! Kazuko!
The children were using books from your library to play with coded messages.
My guess is they did it so as not to worry their mother,
who had been acting strange.
Then, where are they?!
The answer to that is also in the code.
This is a new play area that Kazuko found.
Here...?
I hate to say this, but there have apparently been several incidents
of children being trapped.
Mr. Yajima?
No matter how much time it takes, I'll find them!
I've already kept them waiting for a year...
You've been spending a lot of time with my daughter...
I'm Kaishou.
Did you make several visits to Mr. Yajima's house
because his wife was acting peculiar?
Neglect...
There were signs of child neglect.
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
She paid no attention to the children,
so the son had to take care of himself and his younger sister.
She was lonely.
Takako really loves Yajima,
so when the children disappeared,
she realized for the first time just what she did.
And she blamed herself...
When we got the report from Chairman Kaishou,
I moved to keep it from turning into an incident.
So you covered up the child abuse and as a result, the children's lives were...
It's the same thing as covering up your own crime.
After you've been in love a few times,
at best you realize how trivial it all is,
but even that doesn't make you any smarter.
And yet, despite that, without love, life cannot exist.
Papa!
Uncle Kaishou!
Thank you!
Papa!
Once I saw the slips of paper inside the books that Takako sold off,
I broke the code right away.
Since it was so simple...
And then I found the children, buried under a fallen car.
Their lives weren't in danger,
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
but after considering Mrs. Yajima's state of mind,
I had them placed in a child-care facility.
Let me ask you one thing...
Why do you reveal the truth?
For the souls...
Is there always one truth?
Yajima Kazuko
Yajima Akio
Yajima's Daughter
Yajima's Son
What's wrong?
You exceeded my expectations...
Are you the one who stamped this book with Kaishou's ownership mark
before giving it to Mr. Yajima?
There's no fooling the Defeated Detective...
Or maybe I'd better call you the Great Detective.
Why did you do this?
I'm a novelist.
A novelist?
I write novels.
Calls Himself a Novelist
Prisoner
Not with a pen, but in reality...
Due to the Great Detective's deductions,
all of the mysteries were to be revealed
and Yajima was supposed to kill his own wife.
And what did you try to set that up for?
Because that's the role of the Great Detective.
No matter how cruel the end result will be,
after all of the victims have been murdered,
the Great Detective wraps everything up with his brilliant deduction.
No matter how tragic the reason,
the Great Detective exposes it all to the light of day.
You were chosen by me...
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
The next episode is inspired from...
Not Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories or even a mystery story at all!
The Retard...?
Oh. But I figured we were gonna do this one.
We'd better take this opportunity to do it now,
since it's not a word you can really say on TV these days.
Retard, retard!
Oh, don't dub in like idiot.
So anyway, it's not a mysterioso thing, but a war story.
How is this gonna be done?
Next time on UN-GO: Daydream.
Episode 7
Daydream
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories) Foolish Apparition and The Retard
Huh?! I'm not in the next episode?!
Hey! What's the deal with that?!
Hey! I wanna talk to someone in charge!
