(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. Can't you feel your own frustration?
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. What do you want to be?
Wear your overflowing emotions on your sleeve and break it down.
What do you see once you go beyond your limits?
(99.9! 99.9!)
The mysterious percentage.
Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche,
cryin' my heart in such commonplaces!
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind?
It all begins when it hits 100.
The MOB is alive. The MOB is high.
The MOB is staying frustrated, aren't you?
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? Right now...
Your life is your own.
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
Mob Psycho
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
The Battle for Social Rehabilitation Friendship
Leave. I don't want you to get hurt.
You can take this guy back with you, too.
He's supposed to be a hostage,
but I feel bad for him.
Oh, it's the prime minister guy.
What? You're the prime minister?!
I-I'm free to go?
Go right ahead.
Holy cow... I just talked to the prime minister!
You're part of the group that abducted him, and you had no idea?
Well, you know, I don't watch TV.
I see. So the public thinks we're the bad guys.
But you are, though. Look at how much damage you've done to the city.
It's fine. The president said that most people had already evacuated.
President?
The person who hired me.
He rescued me from the hellhole that was my life.
3 Years Ago
Serizawa Katsuya hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh27 years old
It's filthy in here. Why have you been a shut-in for fifteen years?
Who're you?
My name is Suzuki.
Your mother asked me to help you.
Another counselor?
Just know that if you get any closer, you'll get hurt.
I'm not normal.
I hear that you're an esper.
I understand how you feel.
Yeah, no. Go away.
Why? Why don't you tell me how you're feeling?
No... Don't say anything else.
Please, I'm begging you. Don't annoy me.
It must be hard...
not being able to make friends because people find your powers creepy.
Potato Chips
Yeet Tea
Stop. Don't act like you know how I feel.
Go away! Just go away!
You must've been bullied out of your place in society.
Get out!
I'm an esper too, you see.
Come with me.
B-But I get dizzy whenever I leave my room.
It was raining outside.
This umbrella is for you.
Just imagine that when you're under this umbrella, you're in your room.
Don't worry. You'll be fine if you're with me.
I'll show you how to use your powers.
After that, I became an upper echelon employee of Claw
and regained my place in society.
That's weird.
Huh?
Even I can tell that's all kinds of wrong.
Aren't you basically just being used?
Look who's talking!
What a horrible thing to say...
You're the one who's horrible.
If this is what you were going to do, you should've just stayed a shut-in.
Can't you picture the faces of the people impacted by this?
The president said that world domination always involved certain sacrifices.
Do you believe that, too?
Hey... could you leave?
Serizawa-san, you chose the wrong person to follow.
You okay?
That umbrella...
Yeah, it's shrouded in some insane power.
I can relax when I'm under this umbrella.
If we can take his umbrella...
He'll lose his strength.
Trying to immobilize me... isn't going to work!
Ow...
Oh, sorry. Are you okay?
Wait, you were faking?
Now, Dimple!
You got it!
Oh, shit!
He explodes after only a second without his umbrella?
He must be incredibly anxious.
He finally found someone who understood him.
He had no choice but to follow him.
He never stood a chance against someone who used that to their advantage.
I have to tell him.
That president of yours didn't give you peace.
He gave you the idea that you can't live on your own
and chained you to the organization.
Are you a counselor?
You can't reintegrate into society this way.
If anything, at this rate, you'll never be able to return.
Like a kid who still has his whole future ahead of him knows how I feel.
Then tell me... What the hell am I supposed to do?!
No one understood this power I was born with!
People thought I was creepy, so I'd lose control and cause people trouble!
And because of that, I'd get scorned and lose control again!
I even accidentally sent my mother flying before!
I never had any idea when I might lose control!
I couldn't even talk to anyone...
I just...
I dunno... I just wanted...
I just wanted friends.
I have friends here.
Espers just like me!
You'd never understand!
Of course I understand. They aren't your friends.
I actually have friends.
That's how I know.
They aren't your friends.
Stop... Stop saying that over and over!
This isn't good, Shigeo! That's an insane amount of energy!
I won't let you go any further! Those are the president's orders!
The president trusts me!
No, it has nothing to do with trust.
You're just being used.
No! The president gave me a reason to live!
But he doesn't see you as a person!
As a person?
You said you didn't want to hurt anyone.
You're just like me.
I know you realize
that you're wrong.
Shut up!
In that case... I'll be your friend.
Huh?
Whoops...
I shot at him.
Shigeo!
I even went all out!
What?!
You're sucking up my energy?
I can sense what you're feeling.
Such a sad energy...
You turned it into your own power?
No. You can have it back, Serizawa-san.
What is this?
I see...
He's...
He's the same as me...
Friendship
Now I'm going to have to recruit more soldiers because of you and your friends.
Stop this already, Dad.
You can see that they aren't much help.
Since you're my son, I'll go ahead and tell you.
The project of applying stress to normal human beings
to awaken any ESP they may have...
It was a failure.
Even if they did happen to awaken to some powers,
the most they could do was produce some insignificant phenomenon.
Then their powers...
You call that an insignificant phenomenon?
The powers they're using like they're going out of fashion
are my powers.
I am able to share my power with others.
At the same time, I am able to absorb other people's powers as my own.
This is my true trump card that no one knew about.
So you gave 600 soldiers your power?
That's just a mere fraction of the energy that I have accumulated.
But that doesn't make it any less vital.
I'll be reclaiming my energy from those who have lost.
I-I finally understand...
My dad's not human.
He's a monster made up of energy!
Let this be a lesson, Sho.
Only one absolute being can be the true protagonist of this world.
Absolute being?
You're
Mob Psycho
Mob Psycho
Mob Psycho
You're Ritsu's older bro.
That must mean my detonator went off successfully.
Are you the one who set fire to my house?
You're probably pissed off about that, but you should probably run.
There's no one in this world who can defeat him.
I'm not mad anymore. I'm sure you have a lot going on.
I mean, look at what your own father has done to you.
Who are you?
He's been worried about you losing control. I can tell.
Because my younger brother was afraid of me, too.
He's... changed.
You make it sound like you know what's going on with our family.
Serizawa-san told me that your son was trying to stop you.
That your son was being beaten so badly,
he couldn't bear to watch and came downstairs...
That he felt so pathetic for not being able to step in,
making him want to disappear.
Serizawa lost?
That moron. He must've gotten sloppy.
You're wrong.
Winning and losing
isn't the be all and end all in relationships between people.
It was the president who got me out of that room.
I'm grateful to him.
But why is there a need to hurt people?
I've been too scared to think about it so I've been running away...
But if my happiness only came as a result of another's tears,
I never wanted it in the first place.
Thank you for making me realize that.
Apparently, trash will never be anything more than trash.
So be it. It's not like I ever truly counted on others to begin with.
Bonds with others are absolutely meaningless.
After all, I am whole on my own.
That's not true. Everyone...
Everyone grows because of their encounters with other people.
People need other people.
Someday, you'll need others.
When that time comes, you're surely going to regret things.
So if you don't have anyone to talk to,
I'll be there.
You want to be a shoulder I can lean on?
Save that kind of talk for the weaklings of the world.
Ritsu's bro, he can give people his energy and steal theirs in turn.
On top of that, he's got a massive stock of energy himself.
Meanwhile, I can barely even move...
Will this help you move?
What?
Th-This is...
He has the same power as me?
Can you move?
Y-Yeah, I can sorta stand.
That's good. In that case, you should evacuate, too.
I'm going to
I have acknowledged you as my enemy.
Stop!
You stay out of this.
He has the potential to become my mortal enemy.
Don't. I came here to talk.
Give it up, Shigeo!
You can't talk to guys like
You're an annoyance.
You can disappear first.
Dimple!
Was it really a good idea to let Kageyama-kun go off alone?
I've never seen my brother openly stamp his authority like that.
He looked in pain to me, though.
He's not usually the type to fight.
What do you think, Reigen-san?
At first glance, Mob looks pretty unreliable, but his strength is undeniable.
His insane telekinesis, right?
That's just one of his qualities.
What makes him truly great
is his ability to tell people exactly how he feels.
And that speaks to their heart far more than any niceties.
As long as Mob's feelings can be expressed to whoever he's facing...
Dimple!
What's wrong? Are you okay?
Where's Mob?
I'm not sure, but things look pretty grim.
The enemy was pretty intent on mercilessly killing Shigeo.
Four-eyes, you got a sec?
Talk?
You said that bonds with others are meaningless.
That can't be true.
Everyone lacks something.
People making up for others' deficiencies is what makes this world go around.
All of you are so boring.
Even among those blessed with the gift of ESP,
my powers far surpass them all.
When I came to that realization,
it appeared as though this world could fit in the palm of my hand.
That was when I was in middle school, same as the two of you.
But your mindset puts a halt to all progress,
leaving you living a boring life just like the powerless.
That's not true.
You're the one who's stopped in place since middle school.
There are far more unique people in this world than you think,
and just as many mindsets.
No one should be able to place a value on another person's mindset.
You sound like you're trying to take the moral high ground.
I have no need to rely on others to make up for my deficiencies
because I have the ability to steal, use, and rule.
My goal in life is to leave a huge mark upon this world.
Ritsu's bro,
don't worry about me. Just finish him off!
Sho, I'd thought about letting you inherit the world I was going to take over,
but apparently you've become a failure.
Hey.
Are you angry on Sho's behalf?
You truly are a child.
Be quiet.
This is amusing, though. Show me everything you've got.
This is rough...
Stop!
Just sit there and watch.
This is what happens to weaklings.
Still, you sure have some nerve to lecture me when you're so weak.
You can't be serious.
Don't move.
It's loaded, by the way.
Sakurai's Jugan.
You can't threaten me with something like that.
M-Master...
Hey, Mob.
I don't sense any power from you.
You'll stay out of this if you know what's best for you.
Apparently, you still don't understand how powerful I am.
Hey, you alive, Mob?
I don't know what I was thinking, letting you go off alone like that.
I think my ability to think
was impacted by all the unnatural things going on.
I failed as a master.
You did well. I'll treat you to some takoyaki on our way home.
Master?
Even though you can't even see how powerful I am?
So you're also someone who tricks others and steals from them.
Well, this is ironic.
If you ask me, you can only see powers that can't be seen.
I feel sorry for you.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm saying ESP isn't the only extraordinary power people can have.
Off the top of my head,
I can think of four ways to defeat you.
Oh? You should give them a try, then.
Nah, I don't feel like it. But I do have a request...
Will you let me join you?
What good does that do me?
I'd be able to easily persuade my student who's unconscious there,
as well as all the guys outside.
That should be reason enough.
Let's hear about these methods of defeating me as well...
If you actually have any, that is.
I'll fill you in on some powers other than ESP that you don't know about.
The first power...
The power that espers should be extremely cautious about...
That's...
brute strength, you moron!
I guess I can see how you two are master and student.
What a ridiculous combination.
W-Wait! I give up!
I'll do anything you ask.
You have put me in an extremely foul mood.
U-Um...
N-N-No, wait! Let's talk about
Sto
What's going on?
Reigen-san...
I made it in time.
I tried being courageous for once, President.
Serizawa... I see that you've completely betrayed me now.
In that case...
Forget it.
That's enough talk.
Rage
Let me just tell you one last thing.
Those who don't understand the feelings of others...
Never mind.
Sometimes you need to be hurt to truly understand.
That's...
It's Nii-san.
Shigeo...
Mob's lost it.
I-Is there anything I can help with?
Serizawa-san, take my master and the others and evacuate.
Punishment comes first!
Shigeo-kun!
That's...
That's not good!
Nii-san.
Plants?
So the boss really did cast Serizawa aside.
Who?
Sorry, but I owe him one.
Don't, Minegishi! If you piss off the boss...
So you're okay too, Hatori.
Minegishi, eh?
Apparently, I'm now in a situation where anyone can betray me.
Back to the drawing board, I suppose.
Disappear.
Disappear. Disappear. Disappear.
Well, you're enthusiastic.
Output 10
You're weak. Too weak.
I'm still only using 10 percent of my powers.
Is that your 100 percent?
What the hell is that?
I see. So that's what you were after.
Now I'll be able to hit you with everything...
My powers... and my rage.
I spilled a seed and lost sight of it
I'll find it using the color it's dyed in and watch it grow
It immediately returned to the palm of my hand
But it's still too light and too frail to reach for the skies
The world coldly drains away all the heat
The bright sunshine just isn't enough
The memories are closing off what lies ahead
Shake off their warmth and set off into the distance
If I let it wither, it'd be over just like that
But my hope just doesn't fade away
The final battle begins between an enraged Mob and the energy demon, Suzuki.
Don't push yourself too hard, Mob.
Boss Fight The Final Light.
Watching the finale in real time is an excellent decision.
Boss Fight The Final Light
