The Second Plate
Episode 4
Regarding the fourth match in the Autumn Elections
between Candidate Takumi Aldini and Candidate Mimasaka Subaru,
it will be a Shokugeki.
Shokugeki
A Shokugeki in the middle of the Autumn Elections?!
Is that even allowed?
There is no question that the conditions have been met.
The administration has deemed this an official Shokugeki!
I see.
It knows no restrictions, be it time or place...
Such is the nature of the Shokugeki!
So far, five judges have made a joint decision on the outcome in this tournament,
Takumi Aldini Mimasaka Subaru
but an exception was made for this match, so each judge will cast one vote.
The match will thus follow the Shokugeki format.
A Shokugeki.
The candidates will now enter the arena!
Wow.
Bro...
It must be hard, having an incompetent younger brother.
Pick it up.
Wha?
I'll teach you proper manners, seeing as you lack any.
If you pick that up, it means you'll have accepted the challenge.
This is how we conduct duelsthe duello.
Italians always seek vengeance after humiliation.
If I win, I'll have you grovel and apologize, right here,
to the mezzaluna you've tainted,
and to my brother!
The Pursuer
Hey!
Yukihira!
Megumi!
Where've you been? Jeez!
W-W-Well, we were with Takumi-kun and Mimasaka-kun until just a short while ago,
but they didn't say anything about a Shokugeki.
Mimasaka intended to make this into a Shokugeki from the very start.
That's the kind of guy he is.
He does exhaustive research on the students he targets,
then uses any means necessary, be it provocation or intimidation,
to drag them into a face-off.
He has already won ninety-nine Shokugekis in that manner.
Ninety-nine...
Round 4 Dessert
The theme is dessert!
Let the cooking begin!
Their ingredients...
They're both exactly the same!
I have brought documentation of the ingredients Mimasaka Subaru has used in previous battles.
It lists ingredients used by both sides.
Mimasaka Subaru Shokugeki History
Date Candidate Dish Candidate Dish Victor
Mimasaka Subaru Sekiguchi Yuga Mimasaka Subaru Ma Po Tofu Ma Po Tofu
Mimasaka Subaru Duck Steak
Zaitsu Kensuke Duck Steak
Mimasaka Subaru Tuna Sushi
Hinuma Emi Tuna Sushi
Mimasaka Subaru Celery Root Fricassee
Mikami Shunta Celery Root Fricassee
What?!
He's always won by serving the exact same dish as his opponents'!
Semifreddo.
That's what you and I are going to make.
Semifreddo is as cold in temperature as ice cream,
and as soft in texture as cake.
This semifreddo will have a topping of scattered pralines,
an ice cream layer with meringue and heavy cream,
and a sponge cake layer. A triple-layer type.
Did I get that right?
Hmph.
So that's what you got out of stalking me.
You think you can win if you have the same recipe?
Never underestimate an Aldini!
Mimasaka plays around with the Shokugeki system as his toy.
He makes his opponents wager the most important thing to a chef: their tools.
By robbing them of those, he obliterates their pride.
Does he think of himself as Musashibo Benkei?
Talk about poor taste.
One story has it that he took a cherished knife that'd belonged
to the opponent's late mother,
and did it while laughing maniacally.
That means Takumi-kun put his mezzaluna on the line...
Th-There's nothing to worry about!
Just look at him.
He's not showing any hesitation!
Yeah! His movements are meticulous!
If you screw up measurements in any way when making sweets, the taste is ruined.
That's why you need a lot of attention to detail.
A hulk like Mimasaka wouldn't
What?!
H-He's very meticulous.
It's almost as though he is...
Hasta la vista, Aldini.
This is where I'll start adding twists!
Takumi-kun's beating the egg yolks and egg whites together,
but Mimasaka-kun's beating them separately when making the batter.
Mimasaka Subaru conducts an exhaustive investigation of his opponents.
He gathers any and all information about recipes they are testing
to predict what his opponent will attempt to make.
He then adjusts his version of the dish to raise himself one step above his opponent.
A pate a genoise cake, made by beating the yolk and whites together,
has a moist, delicate crumb.
In comparison, a pate a biscuit cake, made by beating them separately,
has a very airy crumb,
so it will absorb a lot of syrup, resulting in great texture.
My version will be able to maximize the benefits of this divine syrup.
You chose a smooth, gentle texture.
That's the choice you've always made, even when you were in Italy.
But when these two are compared, mine will have a stronger flavor.
So by adding such twists in choice areas,
he decreases his probability of losing until it's close to zero.
So you're making the syrup next, right?
With this liquor?
He even has the limoncello!
It's Italian liquor made from lemons.
Rum and amaretto are typically used in the syrup,
but he's using the same ingredient, even here.
He knows about the limoncello panna cotta.
Your family restaurant, Trattoria Aldini,
has a specialty dish that makes heavy use of this.
That's why I figured you'd use this in the semifreddo.
Does he really see right through me?
I've added other twists, too.
My custard will have mascarpone in addition to heavy cream, for added richness.
It's the same thing you did with the curry pasta you made in the prelims.
How does it feel to be outpaced by someone using your own special skill?
Director!
Should such a match even be allowed?
In a Shokugeki, the food is everything.
There is no reason to remonstrate Mimasaka Subaru for his behavior.
Mimasaka Subaru only cares about winning.
That is why he goes right down to the last detail.
He profiles his opponents in order to become them.
Emotional guys like you make the easiest opponents.
You may look cool and calm on the outside,
but you are passionate about your cooking.
You have much affection and pride for your homeland,
and that will always show in your dishes.
I'm glad you're exactly as I made you out to be.
He continues to observe his opponent, and exposes who they are.
Mimasaka Subaru is the King of Stalkers!
He's even more dangerous than I thought!
Takumi has to come up with a new twist, too!
But does he even have time for that?
Is he just gonna lose?
Bro has flexibility; he got that from working in the kitchen.
An Italian wouldn't lose a dolce match!
My intended recipe is totally known to him...
What should I do?
Make something completely new from scratch?
No, I don't have time for that.
Is there something I can do?
Is there nothing I can do?
Once I put the batter in the oven,
I can't add any twists to it.
Should I add chopped lemons to improve the fragrance?
No, that would ruin the important texture.
Hey, don't you have to start baking soon
if you want to finish in time?
Takumi put his batter in the oven, too!
Now he can only make alterations to the toppings and the sauce.
But Takumicchi doesn't have any ingredients he can use to add a twist!
I have limited time.
I have to proceed with the dish.
I'm being constrained by the very tracks I laid down!
We now have less than thirty minutes left.
Both of them are done with baking!
Huh?
Is Mimasaka's cake darker than Aldini's?
You're right!
Why?
Biscuit joconde.
Most of the flour has been replaced by almond flour.
It results in a more fragrant, rich sponge.
Another twist!
the greater their paralysis when they realize they're in a crisis.
They're afraid to serve a dish they know will lose.
You're the same way, aren't you, Aldini?
If I lose now...
Why did I even come here to Japan?
Bro!
Don't look like that, Little Brother.
Remember the Aldini kitchen.
The din and clamor...
Have faith in what you learned there!
Let's show them.
With this match, I'll surpass the person I've been until now...
All right, it's done.
So beautiful!
Is this the semifreddo that will surpass Takumi Aldini's dish?
Hmm...
The praline is fragrant with almonds.
The ice cream-like layer is half-thawed frozen cream.
All very delicate work.
Hmph!
Cobbling together various surface inspirations!
I doubt the flavors will form a cohesive whole!
Well, let's give it a taste.
The difference in textures created by the three layers!
I can tell just by inserting a spoon into the dish!
The fresh sweetness of the lemons fills my mouth,
and the fragrant almonds entertain my sense of smell!
The flavors have been melded together without any off flavorsimpressive!
How sweet and mellow my inner girlishness is coming out.
I went with biscuit joconde because it pairs perfectly with praline.
You can detect the fragrance and richness of almonds in the sponge
Quiet!
Do you have no principles as a chef?
I struggle to understand what you mean.
Down to the last detail. That is my creed.
I did not spare any effort in analyzing
my opponent's capabilities and planning my victory.
What's so wrong about that?
I don't want to acknowledge him.
I don't want to!
But I can't resist the allure.
What a despicable guy...
Despicable... Despicable...
Despicable... Despicable... Despicable... Despicable... Despicable...!
Innocence * Contrast
Lyrics: Fuda Yuto
I hate him! He's so cool!
But his smile makes my heart spin.
Still, I have to ask.
Please step on the love accelerator with your desserts...
Despicable... Despicable... Despicable...
I turned into a girl without even thinking about it...
It's the ultimate dessert that feels like an amplification of Aldini's hotness.
How can he hope to win now?
Oh?
What, you're going to serve them your dish?
Don't underestimate me.
I'm a professional.
No matter what happens, we serve food to our customers.
That dish...
It's different from the semifreddo I saw Bro testing.
You're right.
There's a very thin layer between the cream and sponge layers!
A fourth layer!
Please...
How vivid!
It's a Mediterranean breeze!
I've eaten many semifreddos.
But this is different from all of them!
Where is this overwhelming lemon flavor coming from?
What is this golden layer?!
That is lemon curd, a condiment with roots in England.
Lemon curd!
Some types are procured for use by the British royal family.
It has a very long history.
This elegant paste is fragrant with the sweet-sour flavor of lemons.
It melts in your mouth with the fine genoise sponge.
What a light mouthfeel!
The grainy biscuit joconde could never be this soft!
Lemon curd is made from eggs, sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, and butter.
But you hardly had any butter left!
I used this as a substitute.
Olive oil.
And it's not just any olive oil.
That's a very Italian creativity.
Indeed, the refreshing fragrance of olives pairs well with the lemons!
I fell behind with regard to the semifreddo's sponge.
My sponge would not measure up to biscuit joconde's impact.
I felt I should hedge my bets on the lemon flavor to win this match.
I thought that if I could strengthen the lemon's fresh flavor
and mellow depth of flavor by using lemon curd,
my semifreddo would not pale in comparison to his!
You had an idea to improvise using something from England!
And yet you have succeeded in retaining the dish's Italian rootsyour own colors!
In other words,
this is a new condiment that should be called Lemon Curd Italiano!
He created a new taste under such adverse circumstances.
Takumi. Isami.
Take this with you when you leave for Japan.
It's our family's homemade olive oil.
It'll protect you, I'm sure of it.
The Aldini name protected him.
When I had the flash of inspiration, I think I heard a sound...
The sound of changing tracks!
The sound of my previous recipes being surpassed!
Oizumi-dono.
You seem to have noticed, as well.
Director!
Hey... What's wrong?
What's so funny?
What's so funny?
Don't make me sad!
I know everything about you!
Right?
You can tell when you compare the two, can't you?
You can tell how deep my semifreddo's flavor is!
I added a secret ingredient, after all!
Preserved lemons.
A traditional Moroccan condiment
made by salting whole lemons for several weeks!
It is an all-powerful condiment that strengthens
acidity, saltiness, bitterness, astringency, and mildness.
I added chopped preserved lemons and their brine to the sponge, praline, and sauce.
The faint bitterness is enhancing the semifreddo's sweetness.
See, I trusted you.
I believed that you would draw on the flexibility you'd developed in the kitchen,
refuse to give up,
and add one last twist!
And you always have your good luck charm, the olive oil, close at hand!
All I had to do was to trace your thought processes.
The only possible conclusion was that you'd go for an Italian-style lemon curd!
You're adorable!
Dancing on my palm!
You didn't even know I saw right through you!
It's such a slim margin!
So minor that you wouldn't notice the difference
unless you were comparing them directly.
And yet...!
your bond with your brother, Isami,
and your rematch with Yukihira Soma.
How does it feel to have both taken from you at the same time?
Diablo...
Mimasaka Subaru Mimasaka Subaru
The judges are in unilateral agreement!
This is my memorable 100th win.
I'll be taking this.
Mimasaka Subaru
The victor of Round 4 is Candidate Mimasaka Subaru!
With the conclusion of this round,
Yukihira Soma Kurokiba Ryo Hayama Akira Mimasaka Subaru
the first match of the Autumn Elections is complete!
The second match will occur a week from now.
Just like the first match,
cards will be drawn to determine the pairings of the second match,
and you will be notified about the results by the end of the day.
That is all!
The 43rd Autumn Elections
I'm so annoyed!
What's with that stalker?!
I get how you feel, so don't take it out on me.
Takumi-kun must be in shock...
I want to cheer him up, but I don't even know what to say.
Oh... Soma-kun?
I'm going back.
Huh?
Hey, Yukihira!
Are you sure you didn't need to talk to Takumi?
Hey.
Mimasaka?!
Why are you in Yukihira's room?!
A spare key.
What do you want?
Oh, I just had something I wanted to report.
Okay, hang on.
I'll make some tea.
Oh, Mimasaka, did you eat dinner?
I have some leftover beef stew. Want some?
Sure, thanks.
He should just throw a guy like that out!
Yukihira's hosting him like he's just any other guy.
About the second match's pairing,
it was just finalized.
Oh?
The match will be between Kurokiba and Hayama,
Yukihira Soma Mimasaka Subaru Hayama Akira Kurokiba Ryo
and you and me, Yukihira.
Huh.
You came all the way here just to tell me that?
You know where I'm going with this, right?
Let's do a Shokugeki!
The kitchen knife you're always using...
If I win, I'll take that.
In return, if you win, I'll give you this.
Yukihira Soma, I know what really gets a rise out of you.
You would never forgive an unjust humiliation of anyone you've come to respect.
That poor Italian... how pathetic.
He suffered such a major defeat before he could face you!
His pride and future as a chef are in tatters!
Well?
Come on, get angry!
Your precious friend is being ridiculed.
Well... sure, it's disappointing.
But Takumi isn't the kind of guy who'd be ruined by something like this.
One more thing.
You're the one who's pathetic, Mimasaka.
What did you say?
I have a pretty high opinion of your skills, you know?
Recreating a dish by someone like Takumi would require quite a lot of skill.
But why are you bothering with a pointless match like that?
Aldini suffered crushing defeat in a pointless match.
As a chef, I completely surpass
You do not.
You just took advantage of Takumi's efforts.
A dish can shine because of the process of going through multiple trials and errors.
You're pathetic.
You don't know the true joy of cooking.
That's why you can laugh about a match like that.
You're robbing people's pride through a superficial victory.
I can't respect you as a chef for that.
I'll accept your challenge to a Shokugeki.
But what I want isn't just the mezzaluna.
I want the 99 other tools you've taken until now, too.
Huh?
Don't be ridiculous.
That's way too much!
What can you give me that's worth my risking a hundred tools?
Fine, I'll quit being a chef if I lose.
I'll quit being a chef.
The Second Plate
Next Episode: The Secret in the First Bite
Next episode: The Secret in the First Bite.
