Toudou, to your left.
Right!
Sasamiya-senpai!
Excuse me, but aren't you Ayato Amagiri-senpai, a.k.a. Murakumo?
A Holiday for Two, Part 2
May I have your autograph?
Sure... No problem, I guess.
For real? Score!
- Here. - Thank you very much!
Good luck at the Phoenix Festa!
Um... what?
Nothing. I was just thinking what an ordeal it must be for chick-magnets like you.
Ayato, you're a little too nice.
That worries me in various ways.
Y-You think so?
Well, hey...
An unknown student - unranked, no less - just took over the 1 spot in one go,
so of course this would happen.
That's true. In my case, uh...
I was lucky enough to make the Page One ranks after one duel,
but I was still only 11.
So I'm sure that Ayato-senpai's case was way more sensational.
I-Is that so?
That's the way it is, bro!
Even our princess here caused an epic sensation of her own when she became a Page One.
That might be true, but in my case, it died down a lot faster.
Well, sure, since you totally shut everybody out.
While I do appreciate them rooting for me,
I have no interest in being used for worthless endeavors.
In which case, turning them all down shows more sincerity, no?
Ayato Amagiri's Own Personal Autograph
An online auction?
Wait... oh!
A popular way for students to make some spending money.
Don't give it a second thought.
You've also got real fans who are rooting for you.
Like me.
Sh-She's right!
There are kids in my class who call themselves your fans, Ayato-senpai.
And I'm one myself...
That's what you say now,
but what are you going to do if you actually draw us in the Phoenix Festa?
Needless to say, we'll be returning fire with everything we've got.
I also feel the same way.
After all, these are two different situations.
But you guys really threw me for a loop
when you said you were teaming up and competing in the Phoenix Festa.
I've got to defeat that woman
and make her take back her insults about my father's guns, if it's the last thing I do.
To accomplish that, I need a tag partner to join me in combat at the Phoenix Festa.
When Sasamiya-senpai asked me, at first I was a little reluctant.
But I made this decision myself, so...
Well, it remains to be seen how far a jerry-built team can go.
Sure, it's not like you and Ayato just teamed up the other day yourselves.
Even so, our teamwork's still better than yours!
Since you're impeccable from a technical standpoint,
all that's left to work on is how to stay in sync, I guess.
And that's the one thing it would be pointless to rush.
Yes. I think you're right.
I see. What we need to work on right now...
Ayato?
Sorry, but Toudou and I will be skipping practice tomorrow.
Apparently, we need to socialize more.
Um...
About socializing more... what are we going to do, exactly?
I don't know.
My bad.
When it comes right down to it,
I realize that I've never socialized with anyone before.
I would be grateful if you could enlighten me.
Y-You mean me?
I'm so sorry.
I don't really have that kind of experience myself.
Is that right?
Oh, well, it is our day off.
Let's at least get something started.
If we do something together, we might be able to strengthen our bond somewhat.
I see.
Is there anything you'd like to do, Toudou?
L-Let's see...
What about you, Sasamiya-senpai?
I'd like to go shopping.
Shopping... did you say?
Yeah. As I'm somewhat directionally challenged,
it would be a big help if you could come along, Toudou.
All right! That would be no problem at all.
But if all you need is guidance, couldn't you just use a navigation system?
Those are no good.
Even if I do exactly as they say, I always end up somewhere totally different.
Is that right?
So what is it that you're going to buy?
I haven't decided on anything specific yet,
but I want to buy a present.
Since my dad's birthday is coming up.
Oh, nothing, it's nothing!
Sorry.
I-If it's for his birthday...
how about a necktie or something?
My father doesn't wear those.
Then...
Wine, maybe?
SAKE
He doesn't drink.
Then how about his favorite food?
Non-existent.
Um, what is your father like, Sasamiya-senpai?
In a word...
A mad scientist?
I-Is that right?
Oh! Come to think of it, your Luxes were all hand-made by your father, weren't they?
That's right.
Ever since I was a kid, he'd give me a new gun every year for my birthday, and...
Hey.
W-What's the matter?
This place.
Toudou, do you know how to get there?
Um...
Yes, we should be fine, but...
But this shop is outside the Business Area.
It's just up ahead.
I see.
I think this is probably what you're looking for.
Thanks, I owe you one.
W-wait! Please hold on a minute, Sasamiya-senpai!
S-Sasamiya-senpai... What is this place?
It's a used Lux shop specializing in guns that also deals in illegal goods.
Illegal?
This is...
The DK44V model...
And it's customized for the HRMS (Hermes) Special Infiltration Unit, no less.
Pretty good taste you've got, zeroing in on that one, young lady.
Is the generator on this thing genuine?
Sure is.
Although as you can see, it's a piece of junk.
It's totally messed up, but do you still want it?
No problem. I'll take it.
Okay...
Now that was a good buy!
Um...
Is that your father's birthday present?
This DK44V model has a special generator,
and it's similar to my dad's research, and his goals.
But it has durability issues, so not many were produced.
So a genuine generator, even if it's broken, is incredibly rare.
I'm sure this will be useful.
No question about it!
I see. I'm glad to hear that!
Oh, that's right.
Now it's your turn, Toudou.
We already did what I wanted to do.
What do you want to do?
Oh, no, I don't really...
What is it?
Um...
It's a little embarrassing,
but there's something I'd like you to do for me, Sasamiya-senpai...
BEFORE SWIMMING, EXERCISE WELL. DO NOT RUN AROUND THE POOL.
Bring your legs up more.
Okay!
But really, I never thought you'd want to do this, Toudou.
I-Is it that weird, then?
No, it's not weird. It's just...
It's just?
Well, if you're going to have somebody teach you anyway, you should've asked Ayato.
No need to panic like that.
B-But what you said was so out of left field!
Well, sorry about that.
I just want him to see me in a somewhat favorable light.
If I can learn how to swim behind Ayato-senpai's back, then, um...
Then maybe, just a little...
That's the spirit.
Are you teasing me?
No, no...
I don't think Ayato would be averse to that.
You're a formidable enemy after all, Toudou.
I'm going to get us some drinks.
In the meantime, practice on your own.
Right!
U-Uh... sorry!
Please move out of the way!
Excuse me! Look out!
Are you all right?
Wh-What the hell do you think you're doing?!
You wish to fight?!
Are you picking a fight with me, damn you? Fine by me!
I'll take you on! Let's step the hell outside!
I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry!
Oh, no...
I refuse to accept your apology.
Here I was, kicking back, and you totally wrecked it, so I'm absolutely livid!
I'm going to have to rip you a new one in a duel now...
Huh?
You... By any chance...
Y-Yes?
What is it?
Are you Lightning Blade Speed?
Seidoukan's Rank 1?
Oh, uh... no, I lost a duel the other day,
so I'm off the list now.
W-Well, I suppose I overreacted when I brought up dueling.
But really, to crash into me with all that force...
how careless of your surroundings can you be?
I'm truly sorry about that.
I still can't swim very well, you see...
You can't swim?
Please stop joking around!
A Genestella... and a Rank 1, no less, former or not, who can't swim?
You can't make that up! How disgraceful!
Oh, my, have I offended you?
B-But unfortunately, I have a slight stomachache today,
so I won't be accepting your challenge.
I hope you understand.
Oh, no, it was my fault, anyway.
As long as you get that!
Anyway, if you can't swim, then you should go splash around in some corner of the pool.
Better not disturb me any...
S-Sasamiya-senpai!
Sorry I'm late. Are you okay, Toudou?
Yes.
That was painful!
Who would do such a rude thing to me?!
Here I am.
Please stop mocking my partner.
Did you say partner?
Who are you?
Saya Sasamiya of Seidoukan Academy.
I've never heard that name.
What rank are you?
Unranked.
An unranked student daring to disrespect me so? How bold!
You're the one doing the dissing.
I saw the whole thing. You both collided with each other, and Toudou apologized.
Meaning you ought to apologize to Toudou.
U-um...
Save the lecture!
Please stop!
It's you who owes me an apology.
If you don't...
Let's duel!
- Duel? - Duel?
If that prospect scares you, feel free to run away.
I'll have you know, I happen to be Rank 35 at Queenvail Girls' Academy.
Also known as the Strega of the Shattering Bullets...
Violet Weinberg is my name!
I see. Gotcha.
Then let's get this over with.
Y-You've got a lot of nerve.
I'm going to tear you to shreds!
U-Um... I thought you had a stomachache?
I got over it this second, all right?!
Hey! They're gonna duel!
No way! That's the third time today.
No wonder this pool is such a blast!
In the name of the false idol known as the flag of envy,
I, Violet Weinberg, challenge you, Saya Sasamiya, to a duel!
I accept.
Start of the duel!
Since duels outside your own school stay off the official records,
this won't dent your reputation, even if you lose.
So you can go down in defeat without any qualms.
Now, then, with a flourish, here I...
39-type Lux Ray Gun, Wolfdora...
Burst.
End of duel!
Winner, Saya Sasamiya!
Toudou, you need to build up a little more grit.
She totally trashed you. So why didn't you get mad?
Oh, no, but there was no question I was at fault, too.
That still doesn't warrant that degree of scorn.
You really don't think so?
In that case, maybe I've just gotten used to my uncle's way of talking.
Then that's something you need to fix.
You should have more pride in yourself, Toudou.
Pride?
You've got all these great qualities.
Even if you do have some faults,
they don't detract from the good in you.
Thank you very much.
Um...
Would you mind if I asked you something?
Uh... well...
Why did you choose me as your tag partner?
For lots of reasons.
Your talent's a no-brainer. Strategic compatibility, sense of purpose...
But the biggest reason...
was because you wield the same kind of sword as Ayato.
Watching you duel Ayato, I became sure of that.
True of aim, quietly determined, and dignified.
That's why I was sure it would work out between us.
And I have one more thing to say.
Uh, yes?
We're tag partners.
You can call me Saya.
If possible, I'd like to call you Kirin.
Okay!
Kirin, to your right!
Okay, Saya!
Kirin!
Burst.
Seriously... What on earth did they do in a mere day?
Guess we can't just sit back and do nothing, huh?
Right.
So as you can see, the former Rank 1 tag team is looking pretty viable as well.
I'm glad to hear that.
After all, we need those two to do well.
By the way, I hear the draw for the Phoenix Festa's out.
How does it look?
Would you like to see it?
As usual, there's an insane number of contestants, huh?
Well, we have 256 teams, meaning 512 players.
Uh, so our princess's team will be...
Hey, found them!
AYATO AMAGIRI JULIS-ALEXIA VON RIESSFELT
Block C, huh?
Toudou and Sasamiya are in Block L,
so it looks like they won't clash until at least the final round.
So wouldn't you say either one of our teams could just run away with the tournament?
Fortunately, I suppose I should say, there aren't any clear-cut favorites this time
like there were at the previous Gryphon and Lindwurs Festas.
Well, both the Gryphon Festa's Silver-winged Knights
and the Lindwurs' Erenshkigal were kind of on a whole other level.
Compared to those tournaments, we just might manage to blow this Phoenix Festa wide open.
Now, I'm not so sure about that.
What do you mean by that, exactly?
That there's at least one faction at this festa that won't be so easy to get by.
For example... Arlequint, perhaps.
You mean those puppets, right?
Also, it looks like Le Wolfe will be sending in someone who could be trouble.
IRENE URZAIZ
Oh, wow! Who would've guessed that one would be competing?
Wielder of the Gravi-Sheath Ogre Lux...
Irene Urzaiz.
If at all possible, I'd like our players to avoid facing her.
At last, the Phoenix Festa is about to begin.
How is my Ayato going to do?
Burst!
Episode 9 - The Phoenix Festa
Did you see that, Ayato? The fight we put up?
Now I can say, Bring on the Phoenix Festa!
