Hey, all you viewers out there!
When you're watchin' Fairy Tail, make sure to keep the room nice and bright,
and sit back from the screen,'kay?
Previously on Fairy Tail!
We managed to stop the Magic Giant, but our guild's been destroyed!
During it all, Master Jose has come to attack Erza!
And the battle between Natsu and Gajeel is now reaching its conclusion!
It'll be all right! I'll yell it out countless times.
I believe your every tomorrow will be shining.
The intersection of all people
Never giving up. And that's why we're not gonna lose!
When it seems like you'll be blown away by the headwinds,
grasp this hand, try to take a chance.
Because you're not alone anymore, got it?
Go forward, more and more!
Don't give up on your awesome dream!
That's right, don't cry!
Move on, my way!
Now, with the light shining down upon you.
Don't even think about something like giving up!
Even if you trade being hurt again for strength.
Your eyes, always looking straight ahead,
can surely see the light!
Look!
Our guild!
Somebody do something!
Damn it all!
The shades are still coming!
That's right... Even if our guild's been destroyed...
Our fight isn't over yet!
Yeah!
Fairy Law!
I'm going to pay you back for everything!
I'll show you that picking a fight with Fairy Tail was a mistake!
Who the hell do you think I am?
You trash!
Hard Fist of the Iron Dragon!
I am... the strongest...
This is the end for you!
Blazing Fire Dragon Fist!
This is for Levy, Jet, Droy, Nab, Macao, Gramps, Erza...
And this is for destroying our guild!
Al, that light!
It's Natsu!
Are you kidding me?
Gajeel lost?
Natsu!
Natsu!
Natsu!
Natsu won!
That d-damn... tra...
Now... we're even.
Natsu!
I can't move right now...
Sheesh...
You really overdo it, you know that?
Aye! He's Natsu all right!
But... that was kinda cool.
Damn...
He's on a whole'nother level.
Is this... Is this what it means to be a Fairy Tail wizard?
I like it!
What?
Nevermind.
Our dragons have run quite amuck.
It doesn't seem like you accounted for Natsu's battle strength.
He is just as powerful than I, if not moreso!
Enough with the modesty, Titania Erza.
Your magical power is indeed amazing.
I have never met a wizard who could hold out against me for so long.
If you hadn't taken damage from Jupiter, I suspect we may have had a better match.
I can't stand Makarov having a wizard this powerful in his or any other guild.
Do you understand why I didn't finish Makarov off before?
Despair!
It was to put him in despair!
When he wakes up and sees his beloved guild and his beloved guild members destroyed... How will he feel?
Crestfallen, I'm sure.
I'll destroy that man with despair and sadness never-ending. I will not let him rest!
He'll suffer, and suffer, and suffer some more...'Till the end of his days!
You villain!
Phantom Lord was always the number 1 guild.
We had the most powerful magic, the most talented people, and the most money in the country.
But in these past few years Fairy Tail has suddenly gotten powerful.
Erza, Laxus, Mystogan...
Those names were heard even in our city, and rumors of Salamander spread throughout the country.
And at some point suddenly Phantom Lord and Fairy Tail became the two signature guilds of this country.
I don't like it.
Especially when your guild was once crappy and weak!
Silence!
Are you saying you started this war all because of some petty jealousy?!
Jealousy?
Of course not!
I wanted to show everyone our superiority!
What a... What a worthless reason!
I've long had a distaste for your guild, so the trigger to go to war was but a trifle.
A request to return the first daughter of the Heartfilia Konzern.
Lucy?
A daughter of one of the richest families in the country in Fairy Tail?
How big must you get before you're satisfied?!
If you bastards can use the Heartfilia's money as you wish,
there's no mistaking that you could gain power greater than ours.
That, I cannot allow.
Making such a big deal about who's on top... It's pitiful.
But it's your lack of information gathering that's laughable!
What?
Lucy ran away from home.
You think she uses her family's money?
She lives in a rented house for 70,000 jewel a month!
She does jobs and fights, together with us!
We laugh together...
Cry together...
She's a wizard like any other in the guild!
I still want to be in the guild...
I love Fairy Tail!
A trigger for war?
We'd rather die than sell out our friends!
The daughter of the Heartfilia family?
As a flower cannot choose the place it blooms, neither can a child choose their parents...
A fiend like you knows nothing of Lucy's tears! You can't know her!
I'll learn soon enough!
Do you seriously think I'd just hand her over to her father?
If she doesn't have any money, I'll keep her...
I'll get the entire Heartfilia fortune!
Why, you...
Don't struggle.
It'll just cause you to suffer more.
Now, shall we start the horror show?
Let's show how you're doing to the rest of Fairy Tail...
Titania, so full of pride...
If they see your pitiful state, the rest of the trash are sure to give up!
Does your wretchedness know no bounds?
You'll be looking pretty wretched yourself in a moment.
If I'm a liability to the guild, then...
The rest is up to you... Natsu...
This is...
Much blood has been spilled.
Children's blood.
Because of their parent's failure, the children have suffered and shed tears.
Enough of this, you and I.
We must put this to an end!
Master!
You wish to cause a disaster?
If it's for the sake of my guild!
The wood... The land... The sky... They are frightened.
This is why...
Such foolish creatures, always spinning tales of battle!
Makarov, you fool!
If you want to die so bad, just croak on your own!
Mystogan...
May I have one?
Ah, I see.
I had thought it odd how quickly Makarov was able to recover.
So it was you who went and collected Makarov's magical power, yes?
I never said you could have it!
The war will soon be over.
I don't want to say anything to encourage more human war,
but you're one of Makarov's friends, right?
You should leave here and go...
You've been off fighting on your own, haven't you?
Phantom's flags?
Wait... Did he go around crushing each of Phantom's branches on his own?
May I have another apple?
You'd better pick up this trash before you leave.
Really...
I've given up on you people.
Such power can only give birth to sadness.
And inside the fierce maelstrom, the rage makes one forget the sadness.
I wish to believe in a righteous light that encompasses the rage and sadness...
The righteous light which guides all things.
What is this warm, familiar magical power?
Everyone get away from here!
Master!
Why is he here?
Do as he says!
Let's go.
But...
Nee-chan, can you stand?
Now that you are here, I have no need for the small-fry.
Don't worry, I'll finish them off later, of course.
We'll only get in his way by being here.
Leave everything to the master!
It's been 6 years since we've last faced each other, hasn't it?
And Fairy Tail has grown so much in that time.
But it's been destroyed now, hasn't it?
A guild is not a building. It's a union between people!
But I'm so happy.
I get to establish the order of superiority among the wizard saints
I really owe everything to my kids! You've all done well.
Be proud to be part of Fairy Tail!
What the...
The sky!
Watch it!
The ground is...
An earthquake?
What the heck's going on?
Dead Wave!
Natsu!
Are you okay?
But what was that?
This is Gramps' magic, no doubt about it!
Impressive.
Such magical power, and yet so young.
You do have what it takes to bear the title of Wizard Saint.
If you had used that power for good and became a role-model for the younger generation,
you would have led the magic world to its future...
You're lecturing me, aren't you?
As is Fairy Tail tradition, I shall count to three before rendering judgment upon you.
Beg for mercy.
One!
I wondered what you'd say. But this?
Beg for mercy?!
Two!
You expect the number-one guild in the country to bow down to you?
Don't kid yourself!
I can fight toe-to-toe with you!
No, I won't hold back, so I'm actually more powerful!
Three!
You're the one who should beg for mercy!
Begone!
Disappear with your brats into the ranks of history, Fairy Tail!
Time's up!
Die, Fairy Tail!
Fairy Law is invoked!
What is this light?
So bright...
The shades are...
Only they are disappearing.
One after another!
But nothing's happening to us!
This light... is compassionate.
It's Fairy Law.
Fairy Law?
Righteous light that slays the darkness.
It slays only that which the caster believes is the enemy.
It's a super-powerful magic, now counted as legend.
Never come near Fairy Tail again.
The council will not stay silent after things have gotten so flashy.
You should watch out for your own skin for a while.
And same for me...
The sadness...
He's wide open, just like the last time!
He's mine!
It's over! The battle of the guilds is finished.
But if you try anything more, I'll clean you out, and leave not a trace...
Take Jose with you and go home! Right now!
Yipee! We beat Phantom!
This victory is not from just my power,
but a victory for our whole family.
I knew you could do it, Gramps...
Oh yeah, so why did Jose grab Lucy anyway?
Dunno. He had a kind of dirty look on his face...
Maybe he had the hots for her or something?
There are people in the world with freaky tastes like that, I guess.
Who'd be interested in Lucy, after all?
Well there's Loke, that's one at least.
Next time: My Resolve!
I'm worried about Lucy's future.
You're worried now? She's a lost cause...
Natsu, you're cold as ice.
