Up until now, I've insisted on using One For All.
I should've turned the switch on throughout from the beginning!
Imagining the heat that used to only be in one place...
Wanna give it a try?
Yes.
Please!
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All
To keep One For All going throughout your whole body.
If you can move while maintaining that,
Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet
then you'll be completely different from how you were at the sports festival.
Now, what will you do?
We'll start with three minutes.
Three... minutes...?
Try getting a hit on me in that time!
Crap, he dodged!
Pathetic.
If you can't even react to this,
then you won't be able to save those that could be saved.
Someone extolled as the Symbol of Peace
would be able to get over this wall in a jiffy!
One For A-
It'll take time to get it going through my whole body again...
A single hit doesn't pack much punch,
but he's too fast to follow with my eyes!
Then, I just need a little time!
Come on!
Don't be stupid!
I can see you!
You won't be able to buy time like that!
Now!
You were trying to get me to stop moving, huh?
You got me...
One For All...
Almost.
From behind!
That's the same as last time, kid!
Smash...!
He can dodge this?!
Three minutes.
Damn it...
It's hard just to keep it going...
I've still got a long way to go...
No, you were able to attack me when I was unguarded through analysis and prediction.
You think about a lot of stuff normally, don't you, kid?
Just since yesterday you've already changed a lot with just one attempt...
You made me dodge seriously for the first time in a while.
This kid might become a monster.
All right, now you've gotta get used to it!
Let's keep right on going!
Yes, sir! Please!
But before that,
now that I think about it, we haven't had breakfast yet.
We... haven't!
So go heat up the taiyaki again...
They fell!
I-I'll go buy more!
I've still got a long way to go, but I could see the light.
One For All: Full Cowling...
I'll definitely make it my own!
Midoriya and Shigaraki
Mind, Skill, Body
Hi-yah! Hi-yah! Hi-yah! Hi-yah!
Don't do it aimlessly. Make sure you focus on each action, see?
Pro Hero - Gunhead
Because what counts the most in the end is your basic physical strength.
Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity
Yes, sir!
He acts cute, too!
Pro Hero - Fourth Kind
It's lukewarm!
Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu - Quirk: Steel Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening
You two can't even make a decent cup of tea?!
Clients come to the office, you know!
What're you gonna do if you can't even attend to them properly?
Sorry, Mr. Fourth Kind!
Jeez, it's really satisfying to hit your Quirks.
Yes, sir!
Thank you, sir!
A hero must give the people who need rescuing peace of mind.
You must be capable, of course, but your physical appearance, speech, and actions
must be elegant if you're a hero.
Pro Hero - Best Jeanist
Do you understand?
In other words...
Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion
Like this.
Sure, Best Jeanist!
I-I came to the wrong place...
Pro Hero - Uwabami
After this photoshoot, she'll be a guest on a radio show and a magazine interview, right?
Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation
We're basically just her entourage...
I think this is a necessary part of being a hero, as well.
I'm sure there is something to learn here.
I'm sure...
Probably...
She doesn't want to accept it...
Lounge In use
Sorry to intrude so suddenly, All Might.
It's all right, Tsukauchi.
Well, what did you find out?
Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi
Among those who attacked USJ, there was the villain Nomu that you drove back, right?
That strong guy, huh...?
Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All
We did some tests on Nomu's DNA.
DNA tests?
Yeah.
We're not asking for your help in this investigation, so I'd be leaking information,
but I felt like I just had to tell you.
It's a clue to lead us to the mastermind.
After investigating Nomu at a specialized institution,
we realized that it wasn't that Nomu can't talk.
There's no reaction no matter what we do.
He is literally unable to think for himself.
And regarding his identity...
We found out that he was just a thug with a criminal record of assault and extortion.
And you're saying that's a lead to the mastermind?
Listen carefully.
According to the report, there's DNA from at least four completely different people
intermingled inside this thug's body.
DNA from at least four people intermingled...
Is he even human?
His whole body appears to have been tampered with using drugs and other methods.
To oversimplify a bit, he's been modified so his body can hold multiple Quirks.
The huge drop in his brain's processing power probably comes from the burden that causes,
but well, what we're more concerned about is his DNA...
Even if different DNA is introduced,
unless there is some way it can be completely integrated,
the bearer would not have multiple Quirks.
You must understand, since you have One For All.
It's very likely that there is someone with a Quirk that can give others Quirks.
Don't tell me...!
Looking at the circumstances, it would be reasonable to assume such.
That's why I thought I had to let you know.
Has that man... started to move again...?
Karaoke
Mahjong
So, you want to add me to your numbers?
No matter what you want to accomplish, it is necessary to have conviction and desire.
Villain - Stain
Those without it and those who are weak will be weeded out.
It's only natural.
That's why it turns out like this.
Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay
Oww... That's too hard.
Kurogiri, take this guy back.
Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate
I-I can't move my body...
It must be the hero killer's Quirk...
This society overgrown with fake heroes, where the word itself has lost its true meaning,
and the criminals who wave their power around idly
should all be purged.
Hey, wait a sec...
Not this palm...
I'll kill you.
You sure talk a lot.
Conviction?
I don't have anything grand like that.
If I had to say...
Yeah, it'd be All Might.
I feel like I really want to completely crush this society,
where trash like that gets worshipped.
My last injury was finally about to finish healing...
We don't have a healer in our party, you know.
Will you take responsibility for this?
So that's who you are...?
Huh?
It seems our goals oppose each other.
However, we do agree on one thing-to destroy the present.
Stop messing around. Go home. Die.
I'm the kind of person you hate the most, right?
I was testing your true motives.
People show their true colors when they're on the verge of death.
It's different,
but there is desire-a warped sprout of conviction living inside you.
How will you bud?
It might not be too late to wait until after I've seen that to dispose of you...
You're gonna dispose of me?
He's moving.
Kurogiri, I don't want someone this crazy as a party member.
Tomura Shigaraki, he will be a great asset if he joins us.
The negotiations were successful.
My business is done.
Now, return me to Hosu.
There are still things I must attend to there.
Pro Hero - Manual
Well, with the whole city on alert, villains can't come out, huh?
I wonder.
Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine
Hero Killer: Stain.
I knew immediately after I collected the information.
In the seven places he has appeared so far, he always injured at least four heroes.
Serial Slasher - Five Heroes Killed
Still at Large People Question the Investigation
I don't know if there is a purpose behind that, or if it's just a superstition,
but that's what always happens.
Another Nightmare Hero Attack in Hosu City
In Hosu, Tensei's still the only one who was attacked.
Tenya... I'm sorry...
It's very likely that he will appear in this city again.
Come! I will dispose of you with these hands.
Tenya Iida Quirk: Engine He can run very fast with the engines on his calves.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 8/22 Height: 179 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Beef Stew
Stain Quirk: Unknown Unknown
Affiliation: Unknown Birthday: Unknown Height: Unknown Blood Type: Unknown Likes: Unknown
Internships - Day 3
Keeping the 5
and attacking.
Let's stop now.
If you fight against my tactics more than this, you might fall into weird habits.
I can't even think about tactics right now. I'm still not used to this!
Please let me fight more!
No, that's enough.
Change into your costume. Let's move on to Phase 2!
Huh?
In other words-
Let's go fight some villains!
What? All of a sudden?!
If you only fight against me,
then you'll have trouble when you come across a completely different type!
The next phase is to let you experience different types and situations!
In the first place, this is an internship.
Of course you'll be fighting villains.
What you are saying is quite right,
but I need more time to prepare myself...
You've already experienced combat against villains, right?
Besides, we're not gonna touch anything that big.
We'll go on a little excursion.
Because of the decreasing population in this area, the crime rate is also low.
The reason there are a lot of hero agencies in urban areas is that there is a lot of crime.
And the higher the population density, the more trouble you'll find.
Around Shibuya, you'll find lots of small fights that break out on a daily basis.
By Shibuya, you mean the one in Tokyo?!
I didn't think I'd be wearing my hero costume in such a fashionable town!
You wouldn't get to wear it if you weren't with a hero, right?
Be happy that you'll get to display it on such a wonderful stage!
Which means,
we'll take the bullet train from Kofu heading toward Shinjuku?
Yeah.
We'll pass Hosu City...
I wonder how Iida's doing...
Same Time - Hosu City
I'll try to get in touch with him later.
We'll be patrolling Kyoto today, too.
Sorry it's so monotonous.
It's fine. It is actually better this way.
Hey.
This is kind of hard to ask,
but you're chasing after the hero killer, aren't you?
That's...
I couldn't think of any other reason why you'd come to my agency.
Oh, but I'm really glad you came!
It's just, you shouldn't act on a personal grudge.
We heroes do not have the authority to arrest or punish.
The use of Quirks has been allowed through their regulation.
That is why, no matter what the reason,
heroes must not use their Quirks for themselves.
If anyone used their Quirk for their own selfish desires,
it would be a very serious crime.
Oh, it's not that I'm saying the hero killer isn't guilty.
It's just because you seem so earnest,
like you'd focus on one thing and ignore everything else,
so I was worried.
Thank you for the warning.
Oh, it's fine as long as you understand.
Now, shall we go?
But...
But then... what am I supposed to do... about these feelings?!
Hosu City looks nicer than I expected.
So, what are you gonna do?
I will reform this city.
In order to do so, I require more victims.
Is this what you meant the other day when you said you had business to take care of?
I see you're someone who understands.
Hey, what're you trying to say about me?
Hero is a title given only to those who have accomplished great deeds!
There are too many...
Too many who act like heroes but are really money-worshippers.
Until this world realizes its mistake,
I will continue to appear.
He talks all high and mighty like that,
but basically he's trying to start a grassroots movement, huh?
He's so noble I could cry.
You can't make fun of him too much.
The reality is that in all the cities where Stain has appeared,
the crime rate has fallen.
Some critics attribute this to a rise in heroes' consciousness
and shoot him down, though.
That's wonderful!
Heroes are working hard to bring down the cost of food, huh?
So the hero killer is also a hero breeder!
It's too roundabout.
We just can't agree at a basic level.
And he annoys me...
Kurogiri, bring out the Nomus.
You think you can get away with stabbing me?
If I want to kill you, I just will. That's all.
It'll be a wild contest.
I'll crush your honor and your pride, sir.
Near Hosu City
Um, this train won't arrive until night. Is that okay?
That's why it's good!
There'll be more skirmishes then, so it'll be more fun!
It doesn't sound fun, but I guess I understand.
Using his smartphone with someone next to him! Kids these days!
See you tomorrow! (read) Yeah! See you tomorrow, then! (read)
Today I'll be passing near Hosu!! How are things going with you, Iida? (read)
(read)
He read the message but didn't reply...
Iida usually responds within three minutes of reading the message...
We're almost at Hosu Station, huh?
If you ever feel hopeless, make sure you let us know.
We're friends, right?
Yeah.
Hey, look at that!
That building just exploded!
Where? Where?
-What's going on? -You're right! There's smoke!
-Could it be a fire? -You're right! There's smoke!
Passengers, please hold onto your seats.
What's with that-?!
A hero?!
Nomu!
Kid, sit down!
Grand Torino?!
Grand Torino!
Wh-What is it...?
What's going on?!
This is good. Let's make this flashy!
What did you say? A villain appeared?!
All right. We'll head over right away!
Tenya!
We're gonna run!
Don't tell me...
No, this is different.
That guy wouldn't be so flashy...
So noisy...
The idiots have come out, huh?
I'll dispose of them later.
Right now...
I will do what I should be doing.
My body... won't move...
Pro Hero - Native
You bastard...!
Die...!
If you call yourself a hero,
you should choose your last words carefully.
A child wearing a suit...
Who is he?
Go away. This is not a place for children.
A scarf as red as blood, carrying blades all over your body...
You must be the Hero Killer: Stain!
You are, aren't you?
I have been chasing you!
I did not think I would find you so soon!
I am...
Your eyes... Are you here for vengeance?
Be careful of what you say.
Depending on the situation, even children may become my targets.
Are you saying that I am... not even a target?
Then listen, criminal!
I am the younger brother of a hero you attacked.
The younger brother of a most excellent older brother!
I have come to stop you in his place!
Will you take this name for me?
Remember my name for as long as you live!
Ingenium. It is the name of the hero who will defeat you!
I see.
Die.
Preview
Here's the preview!
Hosu City is under attack by villains, where...
I have found you, Hero Killer: Stain!
I am the younger brother of a hero you attacked!
So this is the reason why Iida chose this internship...
My older brother was an upstanding hero!
I will not forgive you. I'll... I'll kill you!
Next time, Hero Killer: Stain vs U.A. Students.
Ingenium. It is the name of the hero who will defeat you!
Go beyond!
Next time: Hero Killer: Stain vs U.A. Students
Plus Ultra!
