Sorry to change the subject, but...
By the way, do you all have plans for winter vacation?
Since the Phoenix Festa was such a learning experience for me,
I thought I'd take this opportunity to re-train myself.
I'm just going to go through my usual regimen, I guess.
Since we're finally getting some time off, I thought I'd take it easy.
Really? A quiet New Year's holiday... That sounds pretty good.
So sleep through New Year's with me, Aya
Actually, there's something I'd like to discuss with you.
Discuss?
Hello, everybody! I've come to pick you up!
KINGDOM OF LIESELTANIA, CAPITAL: STOREL
Amagiri!
Ayato!
How'd we end up like this?
Lieseltania
Brother!
What exactly were you thinking?
Oh, my, Julis and Claudia!
It's been so long!
It's been a while, yes.
Excuse me, Maria.
I'd like a word with my brother if you don't mind.
Very well!
I know you helped Flora during the Phoenix Festa.
I invited you all here so that I could thank you for that.
And I'm happy you've accepted my invitation.
I'm Julis's older brother, Jolbert.
I guess you could say that I'm the king of this country.
And this is my wife, Maria.
It's very nice to meet you.
N-Nice to meet you.
Y-Yes!
King?
Never mind that, Brother!
No one ever told me anything about a victory parade!
Well, if I told you, you would've hated it.
Of course I would've!
Putting me through it is one thing,
but what were you thinking, dragging Ayato into it, as well?
Haven't you ever heard of consulting people in advance?
All right, all right. I apologize.
Sorry about that, everyone.
But Julis...
the people are intrigued, not just by you,
but by your tag partner, Amagiri, as well.
After all, he's the partner their princess hand-picked herself.
Well, well!
Is it only the citizens who are intrigued by him?
My, my, you're as perceptive as always, aren't you, my dear Ms. Enfield?
What are you talking about?
Do you think we could discuss that another time?
I have so many other things I want to talk to you and Amagiri about.
Well, I suppose I don't mind.
Oh, sure. Yes, of course!
Oh, and...
so I hope you'll all attend.
Wow, it's so beautiful!
Yup! In the springtime, there are flowers everywhere, so it's even prettier!
I had you come because I wanted you to see my country.
I'm sorry it turned into such a big deal.
This is really something. These buildings are so imposing.
Well, this garden and villa were built during the time of the Holy Roman Empire.
Later, it gained its independence as the Kingdom of Lieseltania,
only to be wiped out in the German revolution.
Oh, really?
But then after the Invertia,
an extremely rare Grade A Beltis meteorite of the highest caliber
was discovered in one of Lieseltania's former territories.
And the Integrated Enterprise Foundation began fighting over it.
But a serious military confrontation would've been too risky for them.
So they signed an agreement to distribute the profits.
And then they thought they might as well create a playground for themselves,
and resurrected the country that existed there before... Lieseltania.
In other words, a puppet state?
To put it bluntly, yes.
That's why my country is under their tight control in every way.
Yes, we do receive some financial benefits, but as for the rest...
So many people are suffering from the disparity.
I want to change this country.
I'm very sorry,
but I cannot concede no matter what.
Yes... Of course, I'm entirely aware.
Goodbye.
Yes? Come in.
Um, Mr. Amagiri...
What's wrong, Flora?
Um, it's almost time for dinner,
but Lady Sasamiya isn't in her room.
Saya's directionally-challenged, so she might be lost.
All right! I think I have a good idea where she might be,
so I'll help you look for her.
Saya, I hear that dinner's ready!
Ayato...
Saya?
Ayato...
I've always...
always wanted to tell you I'm sorry.
Sorry... for what, exactly?
After I moved away, you and I kept in touch. Remember?
Sure.
But then it got too painful for me, and I was the one who stopped.
Huh? Is that what happened?
Because... Before, we used to play together everyday,
but after I moved, I could only talk to you.
And only for a really short time.
At first, that was what I looked forward to,
but before I knew it, it had become painful.
So I decided... until the day came we could properly meet again...
But that's not really such a big deal.
That's not all.
If we'd kept in touch the whole time, then when Big Sis Haru went missing,
I might've been able to help you, Ayato.
Even if I couldn't help, I could've cheered you up.
I could've supported you, even.
And that... that's what makes me so frustrated.
Saya...
That's what I should've done.
Because I...
I'd always been by your side, Ayato.
That's why, Ayato...
I want you to lean on me when you need to.
This time for sure, I'm going to be there for you.
Saya...
What I'm supposed to do right now...
Julis, it's to be there for you.
Thanks, Saya.
If that day ever comes, I'm counting on you.
Right.
Come on, let's go.
Everyone's hungry and waiting for you.
Okay.
Now, I'd like to take this opportunity to consult you all.
It's about next year's Festa.
I'd like all of you present to take part in the Gryps Festa as my teammates.
I did invite Ayato before.
His answer then was...
If Julis joins.
Do you still feel the same way?
Right, nothing's changed.
Julis. How about you?
Before I answer, there's something I want to ask you.
Yes, what would that be?
Why are you so obsessed with the Gryps Festa?
You could easily advance in the Phoenix Festa or the Lindwurs Festa.
True, I'd be sure to advance,
but it would be difficult for me to win it all.
And that would be unacceptable.
You have a chance in the Gryps Festa?
Yes, as long as I have dependable teammates, that is.
I'll go further into detail after you've agreed to become my teammates.
Since it has to do with my weakness, as well as this one's.
Precognition has a weakness?
No weapon is infallible.
But you're powerful even without the Pan-Dora, aren't you?
Oh, no, my powers without the Pan-Dora are quite pedestrian.
That's precisely why I need powerful comrades.
Remember, anyone who hopes to win the Gryps Festa
will need to defeat those Lifelordes.
The team of Zhao Hufeng and Cecily Wong, former Phoenix Festa runners-up,
will surely compete for Jie Long.
Plus, I hear that Divine Revelations' 1 disciple, too, will be on this team.
Right, you mean Hagun Seikun, their Rank 2?
So I hear it's very terrifying.
We also can't underestimate Rusalka of Queenvail.
And there are sure to be other formidable teams in our path.
True, it probably won't be easy to win the next Gryps Festa.
I agree.
Even so, I do believe that with you on my team, we have a chance.
Understood.
I'll take part as a member of your team.
No reason to decline, anyway.
That really looks good on you, Mr. Amagiri!
You think so? I've never dressed this way before, so it makes me nervous.
Excuse me, Mr. Amagiri.
You're not allowed to carry weapons during parties,
so I'll hold onto that for you.
I see. Fine by me.
Julis? I'm coming in.
R-Right. Come on in.
Wh-What are you standing there in a daze for?
She's right, Ayato.
At times like these, you're expected to pay compliments to the ladies.
Agreed.
Oh, no, I... uh...
I'm sure I don't look good in this... so you don't have to!
Oh, uh...
I think you all look great!
Thank you very much.
That becomes you quite well, too.
Now then, I'd really prefer that you escorted me, Ayato,
but as Julis is the guest of honor... I'll have to live with it.
In return, please be sure to pay us some attention later.
Now, then... Go on!
W-Well, I suppose I have no choice.
Here.
Go on. This is what you do...
Bend your elbow a little. That's it.
S-Sorry...
Don't worry about it.
If push comes to shove, I'll lead the way.
Everybody...
It's time to go.
Are you all ready?
You look pretty exhausted.
Well, sure I am.
I never thought there'd be this many people.
I hate to say this... but I thought your family had no money?
This country may have money to spend on me,
but I have none to use myself.
Besides, my brother isn't like me.
Not like you?
My brother never speaks out politically,
and he has no enthusiasm for his job.
You could say that he's the ideal puppet.
That's why the Integrated Enterprise Foundation treasures him,
and why they ignore it when he wants to have his way.
By the way, those women are my brother's lovers.
Lovers... Is he really being that bold about it?
They, like Maria, were sent here by the Integrated Enterprise Foundation.
I wouldn't go so far as to call them spies, but...
Maria, too?
Well, my sister-in-law is a genuine airhead,
so in her case, ignorance is probably bliss.
And it's not like I dislike my sister-in-law.
As for Claudia,
her father is in charge of this region of the galaxy.
She's visited Lieseltania with her father numerous times since childhood,
which is why she's friendly with my brother.
Is Claudia's dad also an Integrated Enterprise Foundation executive?
No, he's more like her mother's personal subordinate.
He probably has no chance of becoming an executive.
Why is that?
Because he's too human.
The only way to become an executive
at the Integrated Enterprise Foundation is to lose your humanity.
That's why, for me personally,
her father had a more favorable impression on me than her mother.
At the very least, I could tell that he cared for his daughter deeply.
Julis!
Damn my brother.
I don't want to get into another conversation like yesterday, so you...
Right. I'm going to go get some air over there.
That dress looks divine on you!
Uh, right. Uh, right.
You fought so magnificently in the Phoenix Festa.
Th-Thank you very
You don't have your sword on you today?
N-No, um...
Kirin, do you have a second?
Yes! I'm sorry! Please excuse me!
Thank you very much, Ayato-senpai.
You saved me.
It's so hard for me to talk to people I don't know.
And besides... I'm not pretty like the senpais.
I don't think that's true.
B-But... A dress like this...
It just doesn't fit a child like me.
Like I said before, you look great in that dress.
Really grown-up and beautiful.
Right! Th-Thank you... very much.
R-Right! See you later!
U-Um...
I have a favor to ask of you. Do you mind?
A favor?
U-Um... I'd like to link arms with you, too, Ayato-senpai.
Wh-When you did it with Julis-senpai earlier, it looked so lovely...
I guess I don't mind.
But I don't know if I can be a proper escort.
Th-That's fine! If you could just do that for me, I'd be so...
In that case,
here.
Uh, Kirin?
I don't think we should be this close together.
I-I'm so sorry!
No fair, having him all to yourself.
S-Saya! What's up with that all of a sudden?
I want to link arms with you, too.
Now that's what you call a pretty girl on each arm!
I must say, I do like to see that kind of spirit!
Just what you'd expect of someone who made his mark in the Phoenix Festa!
Right. Thank you very much.
By the way, are you planning to take part in the next Gryps Festa, as well?
Rumor has it that you'll be joining Ms. Enfield's team.
Well, I haven't quite decided yet.
Is that right?
In that case...
I believe it would be in your best interests not to join her team.
What do you mean by that?
What? Just what I said.
It wouldn't bode well for a certain someone,
should you join Ms. Enfield's team.
My job is to find a way to somehow stop you.
And so I've come to make that request.
And if I refuse?
That would be extremely unfortunate.
Having to dispatch an innocent youth would pain my heart.
And so... that job shall go to this child.
Now then, please excuse me.
Come back here!
Kirin!
38-type Lux grenade launcher...
Hernekraume.
Burst.
Didn't I tell you?
That I'd come to your aid, Ayato.
Saya...
What's going on here?
Kirin, you stay here.
A-All right!
Ayato!
Ayato-senpai!
Amagiri Shinmei Style Grappling Skill...
Coffin Feather Drill!
Amagiri Shinmei Style...
Unbreakable Thunder!
Saya! Julis!
- Leave it to us! - Roger that.
Burst into bloom...
Hernekraume!
- Amaryllis! - Kaboom.
Who knew?
So even a chimera is no match for him?
To be able to do all that without a weapon...
he's going to be a handful.
I would've preferred not to get too involved on this level, but...
What do you think of my dance moves, polished by high society?
No need to be so nervous, Ayato.
Episode 23 The Lonely Strega
I'm going to teach you all you need to know... from A to Z!
