Azure Messenger Bomb Threat Incident First Investigation Meeting Armed Detective Agency Conference Room
At present, we have an unidentified criminal organization
threatening to detonate a large bomb in a metropolitan area
and launch a smear campaign against the Agency.
I know the Agency's between a rock and a hard place.
Tell us more about the bomb.
This is the message left behind by the perpetrator.
I'll read it now.
Greetings, I hope your agency is faring well.
Forgive my impudence, but I have placed a bomb
capable of causing mass destruction in a certain location here in Yokohama City.
To secure the citizens' safety,
I request that you locate and disarm the bomb at your earliest convenience.
You have until sundown.
I have faith in your abilities.
Respectfully, the Azure Messenger.
Who could the Azure Messenger be?
We don't know as of yet.
So it's all rigged so that if the bomb detonates,
word of the Agency's failure will spread like wildfire.
The Agency can weather sticks and stones,
but this type of attack would hit us hard.
Since yesterday, the office staff have been searching for plausible locations,
but there are too many possibilities.
Hey.
Are we still unable to reach Rampo-san?
It seems the case in Kyuushuu is coming to a head.
I've requested he contact us as soon as the criminal is caught, but...
Any further information from that taxi driver?
He denies any knowledge of the bomb.
He wouldn't have it in him to blow up Yokohama itself.
Listen, all!
This case is a cowardly act using information to attack the Armed Detective Agency.
uncover the Azure Messenger, the instigator,
and disarm the bomb.
The bomb takes priority due to its time-sensitive nature.
If we cannot find the bomb and lives are lost,
we no longer have the right to call ourselves a detective agency.
Think of this mission as a fight for the Agency's existence and pride.
What time do you think it is, idiot four-eyes?!
You're the only one I know who's still sleeping at 9:00 a.m.
Do you think you can find the Azure Messenger, the one who sent us that message?
Aren't you calling because you had something else you wanted to ask me?
So you know everything.
I only know what I actually know.
I want to ask you about tracing the bomb-building equipment.
I'll send you the shipping manifest.
A bomb?
Things are looking up for you guys.
Cut the small talk and get cracking.
Oh?
This is to save lives.
You may be regularly indulging in illicit activities,
but you should make yourself useful to society sometimes.
Get off your high horse.
You're not my dad.
No...
Episode 7 Love for the Disease Called Ideals
I can never be your father.
Are you sure about this?
The Agency seemed hectic due to the bomb threat.
Kunikida-sama seemed very busy, as well.
Kunikida-kun is a workhorse.
After all, he always spends two hours before going to sleep
reviewing and revising his notes.
I doubt I could stand doing that for two minutes.
Maybe he's got some solider ants working for him in his brain
Oh, I didn't know you were here, Kunikida-kun.
How could you ditch the meeting during an emergency
and go on a fancy afternoon date?
Are you jealous of the fancy date?
I'm not!
So he is.
She's a victim who was nearly killed.
Ensuring her safety and tending to her psychological well-being
is an important and urgent duty for the Agency, wouldn't you say?
Why are you, the poster child for sloth and irresponsibility, a good fit for the task?
Besides, given her good looks,
I'd assume she has a boyfriend at least.
Apparently, they broke up recently.
That's why, Kunikida-kun,
I say you can do this!
Listen, Dazai!
I came here because you skipped out on the morning meeting
and I need to tell you what's going on.
I know what's going on.
The goal of the Azure Messenger who set the bomb
is to crush the Agency.
Um...
Are you sure an outsider like me should be hearing this?
Not really...
Sasaki-san's a person of interest in this case.
There's no issue here.
What?
Sasaki-san, what's the class you teach at the university again?
Social psychology.
That's great.
I'd love to hear what you think about this case.
About the Azure Messenger...
It may have something to do with the Azure King
in the notorious Azure Flag Terrorist incident.
So you think that, as well.
It could very well be the Azure King himself.
It's said that he blew himself up after being cornered by the police, but...
it's possible he faked his death
and is still alive.
This world is incomplete.
One may grieve or pray,
but people still die from accidental circumstance,
and evil goes unpunished to flourish freely in this world.
A former official,
the Azure King set off a bomb in a government facility and issued a statement.
His targets included killers whose cases were dropped due to incompetent prosecutors,
as well as diet members who were engaged in political corruption on a global scale...
All dangerous criminals untouchable by law.
Then I shall desire the ideal world.
It will be built not by the divine hand of God
but by our own bloodied fingers...
But if the Azure King is alive...
why would he attack the Agency like this?
I have no idea.
Well, the one who backed the Azure King into a corner
is Kunikida-kun, who located his hideout.
I see.
Kunikida-kun is the target of vengeance here.
The terrorist's death was confirmed by the military police after forensic analysis.
There's no doubting it.
Either way,
you should stay on your guard until you figure out who it is.
We'll need to hide Sasaki-san somewhere safe, as well.
That I will not allow, Dazai!
What do you mean?
You think you can keep a lady in your room
in the name of personal safety?
And day and night, do such and such unthinkable things?!
Nothing like what you're imagining is happening, though.
Shame on you!
Huh?
When I first let her stay,
I slept in an adjoining room
and didn't lay a finger on her, of course.
Well, I knew you misunderstood,
but I thought it was funny so I didn't correct you.
I really wonder why these two are partners.
Kunikida-kun seems to like Sasaki-san a lot.
Sasaki-san, what type of man do you like?
T-Type?
It would be presumptuous of me to even have such a thing in mind...
But... I do think it is wonderful when a man strongly believes in an ideal
and pours his heart and soul into it.
That's totally Kunikida-kun.
Okay, the two of you can pick up the rest.
Hey, Dazai!
D-D-Don't go making assumptions!
Kunikida-kun, you're an open book.
Yeah...
He may be a bit twisted,
but as you can see, he is a high-minded individual who lives and breathes for his ideals.
Although, perhaps for that reason, his ideal woman is a bit of a challenge.
Ideal
Would you like to take a look?
Bastard, not again! When did you
Give it back!
Kunikida-sama...
Yes?
This goes too far.
Kunikida-san's crushed.
From: Haruno Kirako Subject: Received Word from Rampo-san Atsushi-kun, We heard back from Rampo-san! His case is finished, so he has time to help us. Haruno Kirako
We finally heard from Rampo-san.
So we know where the bomb is?
Edogawa Rampo
And here I was hoping to sightsee in Kyuushuu
and eat a hot springs egg now that I solved my case.
You all disappoint me.
You can't conduct a single investigation properly without me.
We only have until sundown.
Please tell us the location.
A department store?
A school?
Or a train station?
Any one of these could produce casualties in the hundreds.
Where's the bomb?
The fishing tackle store.
Huh?
The bomb was set in a fishing tackle store in Negishi.
Oh, I see.
You're amazing, Rampo-san.
But why a fishing tackle store?
Do we have a map?
Behind the seat.
Page 97.
Page 97, okay...
Oh.
The terrorist's target is the petrochemical complex.
I see.
I don't know why I didn't realize it.
Yokohama is one of Japan's major port towns.
Here, there are many large facilities that store oil and gas.
If an explosion were to occur close enough to ignite the storage tanks...
the entire port will be engulfed in flames.
However, infiltrating a facility of that nature
will require getting past pretty good security.
The easiest approach would be to put a bomb in a car,
and leave the car near one of the facilities.
So, considering the effective range of a bomb that can be loaded into a car...
That fishing tackle store is the one place that checks all the boxes.
Bingo.
The military police's bomb disposal squad has found the bomb,
but the bomb can't be moved due to the timer device.
They say it'll be difficult to disarm it by sundown.
We're having the nearby residents evacuate,
but we're not sure there's enough time.
But...
However, the bomb's set to deactivate if we can transmit a stop signal.
We have to do something.
Wh-What's going on?!
A phone call.
Huh?
Hello?
Hey, Four-Eyes, is now a good time?
Rokuzou?
Um...
What is it?
I feel we're causing a traffic jam...
Hello?
Hello, Atsushi-kun.
Rampo-san?
Okay.
Hello?
Dazai?
President?
Yes.
What? The military police's...
I see.
Set a thief to catch a thief, I see.
I see.
That's quite...
Okay.
I understand.
Yes.
No, that's helpful.
Understood.
I understand, President.
I got a call from Rokuzou.
Someone recently ordered a transmitter and other equipment
to be delivered to a former defense force facility.
Rampo-san reached a similar conclusion.
That settles it, then.
My call was from the president.
He was informed by the military police that the driver has died.
He's dead?
But I thought he was in the military police's isolation ward for protection.
He died after suddenly collapsing in pain in his cell.
The cause of death is unknown,
but the numbers 00 were marked on his palm.
Numbers on his palm?
What?
What in the world's going on?
Former Defense Force Facility
T-20 Minutes Until Detonation
Kunikida-kun!
Doppo Poet!
Flash Bang!
We're at the right place!
The two of you, go upstairs!
Find the transmitter and send the stop signal!
What the...
Give me your number.
How've you been?
You're looking great.
I'm sure you have a great number.
This is...
You sniffed out the place just like your reputation predicted.
The Armed Detective Agency's impressive.
Very impressive.
The sun's setting...
Can you figure it out?
It's easy!
But I can't do it.
What?
You have to insert the release key here and turn it,
but I don't have it.
What are we going to do?!
What are you doing here?
Wow, we've got quite a heavy hitter here!
This one's ability can perform remote attacks!
What's your number now?
Number?
My ability cannot be evaded, you see.
I can send people who have numbers
in any direction I want.
Even if they're on the other side of the earth.
And once their number becomes zero,
they'll die in agony.
None can escape that fate.
None...
None...
No one...
Are you the leader of this group?
Your group poses a greater obstacle than the Mafia, to be sure.
But the Armed Detective Agency is now finished.
Here's the key.
It's the release key to stop the bomb.
Without it, you can't stop the bomb.
Do you want it?
Of course you do.
If you want it... here.
Now, there is no hope.
It's finished.
It's over, isn't it?
You idiot!
Atsushi-kun!
You have really strong arms.
You should have gone into the porter business.
Kunikida-kun!
Wire Gun
I know!
Don't think you can pull the same trick twice!
Dazai!
Here!
Will you be the next one to give me a number?
Impossible!
Why has no number marked you?!
Unfortunately, your ability will no longer have any effect.
Also, you should really have your partner switch careers and be a porter.
The weight difference doesn't seem to faze him at all.
Dazai-san.
Their partnership is amazing...
Oh, right!
Kunikida-san, the key?
He broke it.
What?!
Then what about the bomb?
We don't have time
Calm down, brat.
Doppo Poet.
Release Key
Release key.
My ability allows me to recreate anything if I have laid eyes on it
and understood its form and function.
However, the object's size is limited to that of a pocketbook.
Ideal
So your notebook is really a tool that brings your ideals into reality.
You're visiting the graves of those who have lost their lives?
Yes.
When I first caused casualties during a job,
I cried so much I couldn't get up,
and I took time off from work without leave.
But now, I don't even shed a tear.
I just choose to visit their graves in exchange, or that's how I think of it.
Will the dead by comforted by tears?
I doubt they'd be comforted or redeemed by tears.
After all, their time stopped at the moment of their deaths.
I confess I told a lie earlier.
My significant other and I parted ways because he died.
I see.
What you said is true.
Time no longer has meaning for the dead.
No matter what I may do for him,
he cannot rejoice in it,
nor smile because of it.
I lost my composure without meaning to.
I have something I must attend to.
Excuse me.
Goodbye.
Hello.
Kunikida-kun?
I need you for something.
What do you want here, of all places?
What do you think this is?
It's a survey of Yokohama we found on a computer in their hideout.
Surprisingly, it concludes that eradicating the Agency is the first priority
in order to take control of Yokohama.
And not the Port Mafia, who control the underworld?
They were being manipulated by false information.
So there's another mastermind?
Actually, I've sent an email to the one I believe is truly behind this.
I said I have proof that the person is the one truly responsible.
That person should be here any moment now.
It can't be you!
You're the one, Rokuzou?!
What are you talking about?
So it hasn't started yet?
I see.
You took a peek at my email by hacking into my account, didn't you?
So it's not really you!
I just wanted to take a look at the one who's actually responsible.
So it's really, really not you, right
Look out!
So you're the Azure Messenger,
Sasaki Nobuko-san.
It can't be...
I doubt this is the first time you used your intelligence
to execute a crime, either.
He was a man who lived for his ideals.
He was pure in his intentions to seek out the world of crime,
and that is why he got blood on his hands.
I just wanted to grant his desire and make his ideals come true.
Your significant other, the Azure King,
was an idealist who wanted to prosecute criminals who could not be judged by law
through illegal means.
Enhance Reflection
This incident was meant to carry on his work...
Lower your gun!
What good will this accomplish?
Don't you understand?
You resemble him in a way...
Your plan was very sophisticated.
Without committing a single crime of your own,
you set up the Agency to take the fall,
and you destroyed both the kidnapper and the criminal organization behind him.
But you yourself have no convictions or ideals.
You're just being swept along by the flow.
I'm just tired, now.
I want to be released from all this.
Will you shoot me, Dazai-san?
But I've lowered my gun.
If you were to shoot me now,
it'd be excessive use of force.
Kunikida-san's watching us.
You're right.
I can't shoot.
However...
The Azure King killed my dad.
Good riddance.
Why?!
Why does it have to end this way?!
What went wrong?!
Who was wrong?!
No one was wrong.
This was the only possible outcome.
Shut up!
You could've saved her!
Are you saying this is justice?!
Justice is a weapon.
It can be used to cause harm,
but it cannot protect or save others.
What killed Sasaki-san was, in the end, the justice of the Azure King
and of you.
Kunikida-kun,
as long as you pursue your ideals,
the flames that burned in the Azure King will one day take root in you...
and raze everything around you.
Still!
I'll still push on until I push past it!
Don't underestimate my ideals!
Atsushi, aren't you hurt?
No, not in the slightest.
I am in good health.
Oh, how boring.
Um, about your treatment, Dr. Yosano.
How does it work, specifically?
Would you like to find out?
Why don't you ask Tanizaki since he was treated by me before?
Oh, but Tanizaki-san just shivers in fear
and won't tell me anything.
Teaching Them To Kill; Then To Die.
Episode 8 Teaching Them To Kill; Then To Die
Ability: Thou Shalt Not Die.
