Four years ago...
Back when the darkness of night was a far bluer hue than now...
Hey, Odasaku.
Sorry, Sensei.
You're calling a cat Sensei?
Doesn't he look wise?
He gives up his seat when I have guests, too.
Anyway, you have to hear this, Odasaku!
There was a shootout today.
Oh?
I was trading shots in a warehouse block
with an energetic crew armed with a machine-gun equipped truck!
That's quite the weapon.
And what's with your new injuries?
Is that from this shootout?
then I tripped on a ditch because I was in such a hurry.
I see.
When you rush, it's hard to avoid that.
Yes, it is.
His name is Dazai Osamu...
An executive in the Port Mafia, a criminal organization.
By the way, as for the other guys,
they ran away crying after I set a trap and roughed them up a little.
They're a pretty sorry bunch.
Thanks to them, yet again I couldn't manage to die.
There's a saying among the Port Mafia...
The biggest misfortune for Dazai's enemies
is that they are Dazai's enemies.
His list of deeds writ in darkness and blood
is enough to make even those in the Mafia tremble.
He was practically born to be one of them.
Oh, man!
I wonder if there is a simple, reliable way to commit suicide somewhere.
I doubt it.
Odasaku?
Man fears death and yet, at the same time, man is drawn to death.
Death is endlessly consumed by men in cities and in literature.
It is a singular event in one's life that none may reverse.
That is what I desire.
So on that note, barkeep, can I have a cup of detergent?
We don't have any.
Oh, okay.
Then how about a detergent-based cocktail?
We don't have any.
I guess there's nothing you can do about that.
Odasaku-san, you should've called him out.
It's because you never do that Dazai-kun goes off the rails.
Ango!
You should call him out with just about the force of a hammer hitting the back of his head.
I'm driving today, so tomato juice, please.
It's been a while.
Are you on your way back from a job?
It was a bad day.
It took way too much time to buy smuggled items.
After haggling until eight,
all I have to show for my efforts is this antique watch.
This concludes about 74 of transactions for this quarter.
His name is Sakaguchi Ango.
If I account for the 8 of existing organizations
He is one of the Port Mafia's intelligence officers.
with which we've never had any transactions,
Almost all critical and classified information
our profit has exceeded last year's by 34.
pass through Ango when communicating with outsiders.
Perhaps it is thanks to our youngest executive in the organization's history.
His head's full of information about the Port Mafia that's more valuable than gold.
Well, thank you.
Of course, this summation includes today's disastrous deal.
There must be as many enemy organizations as there are stars in the sky
who wish to torture him for information.
It's a job that requires considerable grit.
So Ango fuzzed his job, too.
Fuzzed?
Yeah, we're fuzz buddies.
Come to think of it, it's been a long time since we first became drinking buddies.
But I've never heard you complain about work, Odasaku.
It'd only bore you to hear my stories
as the lowest-ranking member of the organization.
There you go being secretive again...
What'd you do this time?
I punished a kid stealing from a store
in a shopping district that pays us protection money.
I mediated a tense face-off between the lover and the wife of one of our
shell company executives.
Lastly, I disposed of a dud that was found behind one of the Mafia offices.
Hey, Odasaku!
Let's change jobs.
I want to dispose of duds, too!
You wouldn't be able to handle it.
Yeah, you'd get blown up.
Blown up?
Hey, did you hear that, Ango?
He said blown up!
I'd get blown up!
The kind of jobs that come my way as the lowest-ranking member
How far will I get blown away?!
I don't know!
If you'd like, I can blow you up!
are all crap jobs no one wants to deal with.
You'd do that for me?
Basically, I'm the organization's handyman.
By the way,
are the two of you here today for a meeting?
Dazai just happened to be here when I walked in.
I just had a feeling I'd run into you two
if I came here tonight.
Did you need something from us?
Nothing really.
I just thought
tonight might become the usual night if I did come.
That's all.
What are we toasting?
Anything's fine.
I don't really need a reason.
To the stray dogs.
To the stray dogs.
Hey, Ango, do you have a camera in your bag by any chance?
Yeah, though it's for work.
Let's take a photo to remember.
To remember?
Remember what?
That the three of us were gathered here today.
But the three of us are always drinking here.
As the executive wishes.
Make sure you take a good photo of me.
Taking it from this angle makes me look more manly.
Dazai Osamu
Ability: No Longer Human
Sakaguchi Ango
I don't need my photo taken.
Ability: Discourse on Decadence
Oda Sakunosuke
Ability: Flawless
Why do you want photos all of a sudden?
I just feel like if we don't do it now,
there'll be nothing left to show that we hung out like this.
Odasaku, the camera.
And it turned out just like he said.
That day became the last time that we could record
the invisible something we shared between us in a photograph.
Because one of us died soon after.
The lowest-ranking member would never
enter the Port Mafia headquarters under normal circumstances.
No one knows what he wants from me,
but, as far as this organization is concerned, his word is absolute.
I'm Oda.
I am here because I received a summons from the boss.
I'm Oda.
Boss, it's Oda.
I'm coming in.
Come on, Elise-chan.
Please wear the dress.
Just for a little bit!
Just put it on for a quick second!
I don't want to!
Never!
Come on, Elise-chan.
Please try it on, okay?
I put a lot of thought into picking it out.
Look at these crimson frills!
They're like flower petals!
I'm sure you'll look great in it.
I don't dislike pretty clothes.
But I hate your desperation, Rintaro!
Boss.
I came under your orders.
So, Oda-kun.
Yes, Boss.
You did not see anything, understand?
Yes, I did not see anything.
You made time for someone like me,
even though you were busy getting a young girl to change her clothes.
Why did you call me here?
Well...
Never mind.
I called you here for one reason and one reason alone.
I need you to find someone.
Find someone?
You're asking me, an ordinary member?
I've heard good things about you.
I want to ask you specifically to carry out this job.
The missing person is Sakaguchi Ango-kun, an intelligence officer.
Ango-kun went missing last night.
He never got home.
He may have chosen to vanish of his own free will,
or he may have been abducted. We do not know which is the case.
As you well know, Ango-kun is a Port Mafia intelligence officer.
His head is full of secrets that would be enough
to crush us if he were to sell them to other organizations.
However...
Even if that were not the case,
Ango-kun is a competent and important staff member to me.
I want to help him if something has happened.
This is the Silver Oracle.
Take it.
Show this to anyone in the organization,
and you'll receive some form of assistance.
You can even order executives around.
I've heard that you have personal relations with an executive named Dazai-kun.
A friendship that surpasses hierarchical bounds, I see.
His capabilities are astounding.
In four, five years,
I'm sure he'll have killed me to sit on the throne himself.
Oda-kun...
Yes, Boss?
Rumors have it that you've never killed anyone with that gun of yours.
Why is that?
Are you commanding me as the leader of our organization to respond?
No, it's a personal question. Just simple curiosity.
Then I prefer not to answer.
Very well.
Go.
I await good news.
Ensure that the city police do not hear of this.
Call the cleaners, too.
They need to transport the bodies.
Find out if these three have families.
If they do, I'll contact them.
Also, an executive will be here shortly.
Good morning, everyone!
Hang on just one second.
I'm about to clear this difficult level.
Oh, crap! He's ahead!
Take this attack!
Damn, he dodged it!
Dazai-dono, thank you for taking the trouble to come out here.
Our armory guards were killed.
It's been a while since we last
had anyone reckless enough to target a Port Mafia armory.
Each died on the spot after being hit with between ten and twenty 9mm rounds.
Firearms were taken from the armory.
Then I'll go take a look.
Take care of this, will you?
Hmm.
I-I wouldn't know what to do right away!
This many rounds that went clean through the bodies...
Wh-Which buttons do I press?
That means a sub-machine gun was used at close range.
The assailants were pretty skilled.
I'm getting my hopes up.
Do we have surveillance footage of the warehouse?
They just look like vagrants at first glance,
but they must be well-trained soldiers.
They are careful about covering each others' blind spots.
Still, why take on this appearance?
Hirotsu-san...
I have no excuse to offer.
If you give me another chance, I will surely
Do you recognize this gun?
It's an old model.
It's older than me.
I think it's a Graugeist. An old European pistol.
I saw this gun last night...
That means they attacked me right before they hit the armory.
It must've been a distraction.
This is interesting.
They're a far more interesting bunch than I thought.
Hirotsu-san, they hit one of the Port Mafia's best storage units.
They used the official passcode to get in.
It's only known to members who are sub-executives and higher.
Could it mean that we have a traitor?
Don't we know who's behind these attacks?
My subordinates tortured a hostage from yesterday to make him talk,
but he seized an opportunity to kill himself using a suicide pill hidden in his back tooth.
But we did manage to learn one thing.
The organization's name is...
Episode 13 The Dark Age
Mimic.
So Ango lives in a hotel.
Sakaguchi Ango...
An intelligence officer with the Port Mafia.
A mysterious intellectual,
no one knew who you really were.
I don't understand.
A ventilation shaft?
A sniper, huh?
Dazai?
That's rare, getting a call from you.
I was targeted by a sniper.
In Ango's room.
I'm going after the sniper now.
He's firing from a building across the Secondhand Books Avenue.
So you want me to cut his escape route off?
I have the Silver Oracle on hand.
If you need me to, I'll...
Oh, there's no need.
Don't push yourself too hard until I get there.
Don't move.
He was waiting for me instead of trying to run?
He must be after this safe.
Odasaku, duck!
You're quite the troublemaker, Odasaku.
You could have easily killed these guys in an instant, if you wanted to.
My ability, Flawless,
allows me to see five, six seconds into the future.
You killed them?
Not like we would've gotten any information if we'd taken them hostage.
After all, they love the taste of their poison pills.
I know.
That's not why you asked.
But they are trained combat professionals.
Even you would've been unable to avoid killing them.
Yeah, I would've ended up dead if you hadn't come.
Oda Sakunosuke...
A curious Port Mafia member who refuses to kill anyone,
no matter what the circumstance.
Because of that troublesome creed,
you're being used as an errand boy by the organization
despite your considerable capabilities.
I've heard that complaint a million times.
More importantly, about this attack.
Who are they?
Look at his waist.
He's slinging an old pistol, see?
It's called a Graugeist.
Given that it's an old European pistol,
it has low firing rate and accuracy.
So it'd only serve to fire warning shots in a narrow alley like this.
That pistol probably serves as their emblem of some sort,
to indicate who they are.
And who are they?
Mimic.
Mimic?
I'm still investigating the specifics.
But maybe we'll find something out from the fact
that they had a sniper watching Ango's room.
They wanted to retrieve this safe.
A safe?
It was in Ango's room.
But there was no key, and I can't open it.
Oh, that?
Let's see.
Let me try.
Opened it.
He's sure clever with his hands...
Hey.
Why?
You said this gun was their emblem, right?
A sign of who they are...
If Ango has one, it means...
This alone is inconclusive.
Ango may have taken this gun from them,
or they may have planted this to implicate him.
You're right.
But, Odasaku.
I'll tell you one thing I've noticed.
Yesterday, when we were drinking at the bar,
Ango said he was on his way back from a deal, remember?
That's probably a lie.
What?
You saw his bag, right?
From top to bottom, it had cigarettes, a folding umbrella,
a camera, and his prize, the antique watch.
The umbrella had been used, and it was wrapped in cloth.
And his work trip was to Tokyo, where it had rained.
So his umbrella was wet because it was raining where he went.
What's odd about that?
Ango supposedly went there in his car.
When did he use the umbrella, then?
It wasn't before the deal,
because the umbrella was on top of the clock.
And it wasn't after the deal, either.
What makes you say that?
The umbrella was wet enough that it wasn't used for a mere two or three minutes.
It must've been used in the rain for a good thirty minutes or so.
But despite supposedly being in the rain for so long,
his shoes and pants were dry.
If his deal was at eight and we met at the bar at ten,
two hours weren't enough for his shoes and pants to dry.
Maybe he changed clothes.
He drove me home in his car,
but I didn't see any change of clothes or shoes.
I think Ango didn't go to a deal.
He met someone in the rain,
spoke to them for about thirty minutes,
and then killed some time before coming back.
Intelligence officers like Ango sometimes choose
a rainy road for their secret meetings.
It's more secure than an indoor space for classified talk.
Ango is the Port Mafia's classified intelligence officer.
Of course he'd have one or two meetings he couldn't tell anyone about!
Then he could've just said that he couldn't tell us.
If he had, both you and I wouldn't have asked any further.
Don't you agree?
He's right...
And yet, he even made up an alibi.
What was the reason that he had to go to such lengths to hide that meeting?
Well, you have commendable spirit.
To tell you the truth, I hold you all in awe.
No other organization has managed to face the Port Mafia head-on.
Dazai!
Don't!
I hope you can see the joy in my eyes.
With just a slight press of your finger,
you can give me what I desire most.
My only fear is that you'll miss your target.
But you won't.
You're a sniper, aren't you?
Dazai!
Either way, you'll be killed.
At least try to kill one of the enemy executives before you go.
Stop it, Dazai.
Please, take me with you.
Wake me from this oxidizing world of a dream...
Dazai!
Sorry to shock you.
It was great acting, wasn't it?
Acting?
I knew he'd miss.
His left cheek had the imprint from the sniper's rifle.
In other words, he is left-handed.
He was using his non-dominant right hand,
and he was so unsteady that he could barely stand.
And with that old pistol?
He wouldn't have succeeded unless he had the gun pressed up right against my forehead.
I knew you'd do something if I bought enough time with talk to tire his arm out.
Just stop, Dazai.
That's enough.
Odasaku...
Please find Ango.
Yeah, I know.
Next Time: Episode 14 Nowhere to Return
