Shigeo, wait! Remain calm!
Look into my eyes!
I can tell these aren't real bodies!
They're dummies!
Some esper probably put them here to fool you!
Come on, Dimple.
Does a psychic power like that really exist?
J-Just think about everything you've seen! It's completely possible!
No, I know it's out there!
I found them.
Did he just learn how to do that?
That's gotta be our guy!
Dimple...
Thank you for stopping me.
We can't relax just yet. We're going after them, aren't we?
Of course. I'm going to get all three of them back right now.
Whoever did this won't get away with it.
No matter how far they run, I will make them pay.
Obsession
Kill
Is there a point to setting the place on fire?
Makes it obvious that it's been dealt with.
What was that?
A meteor?
Who the hell is that?
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. Can't you feel your own frustration?
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. What do you want to be?
Wear your overflowing emotions on your sleeve and break it down.
What do you see once you go beyond your limits?
(99.9! 99.9!)
The mysterious percentage.
Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche,
cryin' my heart in such commonplaces!
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind?
It all begins when it hits 100.
The MOB is alive. The MOB is high.
The MOB is staying frustrated, aren't you?
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? Right now...
Your life is your own.
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
Mob Psycho
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Show Me What You've Got Band Together
You're Hanazawa Teruki... aren't you?
Hanazawa? Oh, the guy that lives downsta
Telekinetic Explosion!
I know you.
You're our target.
How the hell did you find out about us?
Well, whatever. You can die here.
Wow, looks like you're somewhat resilient.
Where'd you take my family?
This is great.
Let's see if you die from electrocution first or I just bite it!
I'm not interested. Use something other than electricity.
Wait, is that all you can do?
You're free to go.
Maybe you're the guy, then.
Show me your powers!
You've got a lousy attitude, kid.
If you want to see my powers so badly, I'll show you!
They're fighting! Some old guy and a middle school kid!
I have impregnable armor made out of energy.
And I beat the crap out of my enemies. That's my style.
Seriously...
Could you guys quit wasting my time?
Looks like you have a decent barrier.
Is that your power?!
Quit messing with me!
I want to see this power that can create dummies!
Why did you attack my house?!
Someone call an ambulance and the police!
You've got the wrong idea...
We were on our way to attack your house...
What?
Hey! Who said you could pass out?!
Hey!
Damn it...
I've contacted the upper echelon.
Now you're totally screw... ed.
This isn't good, Shigeo. Seems there're more espers on the way.
We need to
I haven't gotten any information yet, though.
If they have more friends coming, I'll just have to ask them.
An umbrella?
Hey, you little shit. You in trouble?
Chill with the murderous vibe back there.
Former Claw 7th Division Member Koyama
We're not trying to start any trouble with you.
Right?
Former Claw 7th Division Member
Sakurai
If you have any questions, I'll answer them for you, kid.
My family's wherever you're taking me, aren't they?
Your family? No, they aren't.
Then I have no reason to go. Let me out.
Hang on! Your friends and master are waiting there!
Reigen's there?
In that case, we need to hurry!
Yo, yo, wait, wait!
Don't be crazy!
Ugh, I'm going to throw up...
But we managed to shake anyone who was tailing us.
We brought him.
Here's Kageyama Shigeo.
Long time no see, kid.
You haven't let yourself go, have you?
I know we used to be rivals, but I look forward to working with you...
What the hell kind of gathering is this?
Mob, are you all right?
Master...
My home... My family...
Go on, but have a seat.
I'll actually explain everything in Shigeo's place.
Currently explaining the situation
I see.
Dimple, I need to talk to you for a sec.
Sure.
Did you just panic and lie about the dummies?
Kinda, but I do have reasons to believe it.
You must've really been panicking.
If Mob finds out you lied, he's going to hate you forever.
Mob, I need to talk to you.
Are you going to tell him? Hang on a sec!
If he learns the truth...
Mob, your family...
I think they're safe, too.
Those guys were still on the way to your house, right?
Someone must've known what was going on and saved them.
They started the fire and made them look dead
so they wouldn't be targeted anymore.
Isn't that great?
The moment he relaxed, he fell fast asleep.
Now it's your turn to talk.
What the hell brought you lot together?
Aren't these guys from Claw?!
Former Claw 7th Division Member Tsuchiya
Us members of the 7th Division left Claw.
After being annihilated by a group of middle school kids,
Former Claw 7th Division Member Mukai
we realized just how foolish we were.
Mole
Former Claw 7th Division Member Muraki
And now, we're all trying to start a new life.
Following Master Reigen's example,
we're trying to find a way to use our powers for the good of society.
But the organization doesn't let traitors go.
We figured they'd come after us sooner rather than later,
but this was a lot faster than we anticipated.
Former Claw 7th Division Member Terada
And they launched attacks on all of us at the same time.
I'm impressed you survived that.
Who do you think we are? We're former Scars.
Right, Tsucchi?
Yeah. But the real battle will begin after the guys from HQ show up.
And then, we realized that
we're going to need a leader if we want to stand a chance against HQ.
And so, they came to me.
You should probably shut up for a bit.
When we saw Master Reigen put the TV and media people in their place,
we thought he was a genius.
He's able to see the bigger picture and make things happen.
I seriously don't know about these guys...
You didn't get attacked?
My office was destroyed.
I just happened to be away when it happened, thankfully.
Since I gained popularity from my TV appearances,
I thought I could get some renovations done.
That's my office.
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
It's on fire...
But that's going to have to wait.
After that, these guys picked me up.
I was already exhausted from the marathon.
Talk about a crappy day.
I wonder if Teru-san's okay.
Oh, I got a message from him earlier. He said he's fine.
They exchanged emails
When'd that happen?
This sucks...
What are you guys doing here?
We're trying to lay low after what happened with the 7th Division.
Mitsuura-san prepared this hideout for us.
So many espers in one spot! I'm so moved!
Oh, him.
Teru-san!
Heya. Looks like the gang's all here.
You fools!
You'll never get a word out of me!
I'm a member of Cla
Resistance is futile. No one's been able to endure this torture.
Sorry! I'll talk!
The boss was going around the world to scout powerful espers,
and he said he finally had all the soldiers he needed!
I see... Espers from around the world, eh?
Don't tell me you fools still plan to face us after hearing that...
What shall we do, Master Reigen?
Well, we can't just let this slide.
Let's report them to the police.
Isn't it amazing?
Claw Foreigner Squad Joseph
Ordinary humans actually made all of this.
I'm so excited. I can't wait to destroy it all.
Claw Foreigner Squad
Udo
That's why we came to this country, right?
Really?
I came here for the money.
Mob Psycho
Ladies and gentlemen,
Claw
I thank you all for gathering on this memorable day.
I am the leader of Claw, Suzuki Toichiro.
Claw Boss Suzuki Toichiro (46)
Let's not waste any time. We are about to declare war on the world.
After twenty years, I finally have the funds and manpower that I need.
We will begin this revolution with destruction.
Claw
We will destroy everything that people built and hold dear.
Let us show the powerless that we exist!
Yeah!
World domination, eh? Well, isn't that ambitious?
Are all the preparations complete?
Oh, I don't even need to prepare.
Claw
What are they doing?
Is that TV?
Now you're live on all channels.
Ultimate 5 Hatori
The ability to infiltrate and control any kind of system
dealing with electronic devices or waves.
He doesn't actually understand how it works, either.
He's good...
We are esper organization Claw.
We have taken over the airwaves with our psychic powers.
This is a mere fraction of our true power.
Our powers are far superior to modern weaponry.
Let me warn you that it's not advisable to oppose us.
We will control the world with psychic powers
Another esper? Too many espers
He's cray
and rule over all of the powerless.
What the hell is Claw?
Claw Edgy much?
Apparently his brain stopped developing when he was a kid
Okay, well I'm gonna be a superhero then
Talk about lame
This shit again? So boring
I could probably take him in one punch
You may be a claw, but I'm just a toenail
Maki Maki Oh, shit. It's the end of the world Yukki Read Maki Maki Edgelord Who the hell is that? Yukki Hell if I know Read
The first step in our mission is to demolish this country.
A new world is about to begin.
Look forward to it.
Now you've done it, you piece of shit dad!
How dare you embarrass me like that again?!
Fukuda
Otsuki
Higashio
I'm the one who's going to defeat him!
You got that, Ritsu?!
Yeah.
All right! Let's go!
Hang on a sec.
What? You're still not on board?
What about my family's safety?
Oh, we have a set of eyes on your parents from afar.
See?
We said that you, because you wanted to do something nice for your parents,
Hot Springs Hotel Voucher
entered a hot springs hotel lottery and won,
and they totally fell for that lie.
You were really pushing it with that ad-lib.
That hot springs hotel doesn't have ties to some shady organization, does it?
Streaming data
Don't worry. They offer both traditional seafood and farm meat meals,
and they're happy to accommodate any allergies, too.
That's not what I'm talking about!
Anyway, my brother's still not answering his phone.
Your brother's not going to fight.
I could tell from his eyes.
He's not the type to blow up without a real good reason.
I think I gave him a pretty good one, though.
What? Did you do something after we left the house?
If you did something that really pissed my brother off,
you're in big trouble.
Guess you've had a hard life, too.
600 people
I will now explain the plan that the boss was talking about.
Claw 1st Division Leader Tamaki
In Japan, the number of policemen and military personnel who have guns
total roughly 600,000.
Meanwhile, our forces number around 600.
600 people
Each one will have to face about a thousand in battle.
600,000
That shouldn't be a problem, right?
That's awesome!
That's our boss!
Who knew it'd be so easy?
This actually seems possible all of a sudden.
Can you even call that a plan?
It doesn't seem very likely to work.
This lot is hopeless.
What are you thinking, Joseph?
Probably the same as you guys.
According to his logic, if each of us defeat about 120 people,
Foreigner Squad
People
People
People
we can destroy Claw.
We're going to start a mutiny? That sounds fun.
Yes! I don't care what we do as long as I get to break stuff!
First, we need to make an example of the upper echelon.
What?
You're going to destroy this organization?
Claw 1st6th Division Leaders
You're going to give up future glory for the sake of money?
You vile creatures. I'll take care of you myself.
Come at me all at once.
Teehee.
I'm gonna punch you now, so I hope you can put up a barrier.
Claw, a dangerous esper organization, huh?
For something you've been plotting for twenty years, it sure is full of holes.
Does an elephant that's about to crush a thousand ants
have much to worry about?
I'm really starting to feel sorry for you.
You have no idea the Japanese government already had their eyes on you,
nor who the person in front of you is.
So you were sent by the government?
Just me, yeah.
But I managed to get other guys on board.
This organization will implode before this terrorist plot.
Claw is finished.
Hey, now.
You were lying to President Suzuki?
How could you do something so awful?!
White Noise!
It looks like it'd be hard to move around in that.
Once it hardens, it's as hard as steel.
Anyone who gets caught in that is finished.
Miguel!
You said you felt sorry for me a moment ago, didn't you?
But now, I feel sorry for you.
Could you not give me more work to do?
Ultimate 5 Minegishi
Well, this is pathetic.
These guys are supposed to be in our upper echelon.
Look at them.
D-Damn it!
Shibata Ultimate 5
I see you're the same type as me.
The loss of my division leaders won't be enough for Claw to implode.
I've dubbed Claw's main force the Ultimate 5.
As long as the Ultimate 5 and I are around,
Claw is invincible.
I'm not done yet!
I can at least take you out here!
What?!
Well done.
I knew it'd be a waste to let you continue being a shut-in.
Ultimate 5 Serizawa
Yes, sir! It's all thanks to you that I was able to step back into society!
By the way, where's Shimazaki? I haven't seen him.
I'm having him take care of something else for me.
Damn them...
They're a bigger threat than we thought.
I had the best chefs prepare this meal!
Eat as much as you'd like!
I'm surprised HQ hasn't attacked yet.
I mean, we could strike first, but considering our numbers...
Well, Kageyama-kun and I are worth at least a thousand people.
Either way, nothing's starting until the kid wakes up.
Stop eating all the roast beef, mohawk!
There's a limit of three per person!
Huh?
Apologize to Master Reigen, Koyama!
Lay the hell off!
They didn't see the message on TV.
So yes,
On Women's Empowerment Lecturer: Prime Minister Yabe Hiroshi
by providing women more opportunities to start their own business
and expanding the range of childcare welfare,
we can provide solutions to sexual and authority harassment...
Nice to meet you, Prime Minister.
Ultimate 5 Shimazaki
I'm a member of Claw, who last night declared they'd be taking over the world.
I've come to abduct you today.
Prime Minister, please come this way!
Who the hell do you think you are?
Hey, by the way, are you broadcasting this on TV?
Damn it!
Shut up!
Don't move!
I sure hope we end up on breaking news.
Stop! Don't move!
Does he have a gun?
Freeze!
You missed.
The thing is, even though I can't see,
I can predict people's movements.
But even if I'm hit, I really have nothing to worry about.
See?
Prime Minister, let me fill you in on what my other special power is.
You see...
I can teleport.
Why are you kidnapping me?
What do you plan to do with me?
Nothing complicated. You're just a hostage.
Are you serious about this world domination crap?
Oh, yes. Very much so.
And who might you be?
I saw the broadcast and rushed here,
and then I sensed you two in this park.
If you think everything in life goes as planned,
let me teach you a lesson by taking you down.
What a funny thing to say. I guess you can try.
Telekinetic Explosion!
Air Whips!
He disappeared?
What? I was too careless!
Pyrokinesis!
I lost sight of him again.
Is this guy's power...
Over here.
Super speed movement?
In that case...
Multi-Layer Barrier!
My new technique where I overlap multiple barriers...
While the enemy's trying to get through,
the others should get here.
Well, aren't you multi-talented.
That quick?
Thanks for entertaining me.
Hanazawa! Hey! Wake up!
Why the hell'd you run off on your own?!
I spilled a seed and lost sight of it
I'll find it using the color it's dyed in and watch it grow
It immediately returned to the palm of my hand
But it's still too light and too frail to reach for the skies
The world coldly drains away all the heat
The bright sunshine just isn't enough
The memories are closing off what lies ahead
Shake off their warmth and set off into the distance
If I let it wither, it'd be over just like that
But my hope just doesn't fade away
The main force of Claw, the Ultimate 5, terrorize Seasoning City.
Meanwhile, the esper squad and the boss's son, Sho, make their moves.
Mob, this is no time to be sleeping!
Collision Power Type.
What do I recommend?
Collision Power Type
The convenient option A with the Blu-ray set!
