The Alliance forces will arrive on this battlefield by evening.
Approximately 40,000 strong.
Forty Thousand?
We should consider that less than expected.
After all, Waldlind and Nord's forces have been depleting from all their battles.
The Union really is coming, right?
I've been advised that they're on their way.
However, they won't be arriving until after noon tomorrow.
Kind of late, huh?
There's no need for us to initiate anything in this battle.
We just have to hold the line until the Union gets here.
Let's put an end to this great war!
Everything will be decided tomorrow.
Send word to Lord Nayuta in the vanguard, and Lord Shahn in the second unit.
Commence the attack!
Let's go!
No one can defeat our Divine Beast Juggernaut!
Lord Nayuta will clear the path for us! Don't rush the attack!
Use magical beasts to break through, then swallow us up with a horde of infantry.
A sound strategy, so typical of Father.
In that case, we'll counter with a trick move!
Commence the attack!
Fall back!
Damn it, destroy that scaffold!
Withdraw!
All forces, halt!
Don't let this chance slip!
What in...
They're not faring well.
Let's ask Lords Kuban and Karim for aid at the front lines.
And the Nords?
I'm told they're about to launch an attack on Haman.
Tell them to hurry.
As you wish.
Nord's long ships?
After being trounced by the Marquis of Jalucia, I'm amazed they still have troops to deploy.
But this is likely the full force that the Nords can mobilize now.
I'll drive them back.
We'll sink any ships from Haman.
Fight, and make my father Erik proud!
Hey, that's a fire ship!
The kind that can spread fire?
Clear a pathway, and send it out to sea!
You're not escaping.
Letting your guard down on the battlefield? Such foolishness!
Start chipping away from the side!
There are too many enemy troops! At this rate, we'll be caught in a pincer attack.
Damn!
Lords Shahn and Nayuta's forces have finished regrouping.
Lords Kuban and Karim are advancing on both flanks.
Just one more push before we breach the enemy lines.
We'll finish this once and for all.
I'm heading out, as well.
The Waldlind forces are on the move!
I see.
Petr, I want you to tell Lassic to keep fighting while falling back to the main force.
We'll draw them in, and stop them here.
You're going out to fight?
I won't fight one-on-one.
Theo Cornaro!
Theo the Hero is here!
Let's drive back the enemy!
It's the Waldlind army!
Lady Marrine!
Heavy crossbows, take position.
Load the Crest Bullets!
Here it comes! Put up your shields!
Fire!
Don't falter!
Strike back!
Move in!
Explode!
Extinguish!
Allow me to guide you to the afterlife!
It's a Valkyrie!
- Don't fall behind. - You too, Irvin.
Two units of infantry, advance along with the Knights-at-Arms!
Parry!
Until Sir Alexis...
until the Union arrives...
we have to hold out.
Siluca!
Sir Theo.
The Alliance's main unit... is on the move...
Yeah.
With our full force, we must...
Marrine.
It's the Union forces!
We managed to hold out!
All right!
Alexis.
Retreat, and regroup.
At this rate, they'll cut off our escape.
As you wish.
Looks like we managed to get through.
Let's withdraw, too.
And I want to hold a meeting between the three leaders.
Yes.
Allow me to offer two proposals.
First, the Alliance, Union, and Treaty. The three factions all agree to a truce.
Out of the question.
Why is that?
A truce would only benefit the true enemy lurking across the Continent.
True enemy?
Those who caused the Great Hall Tragedy.
No, I mean those who have ruled the world from the shadows since long before that.
Sir Theo knows who I'm referring to.
The Mage Academy.
That's right.
A truce would ensure the court rank system...
In other words, the current system established by the Mage Academy, would remain in place.
We Lords are like livestock being raised on a certain feed called court ranks,
with which the Mage Academy rewards us.
That's exactly why we're calling a truce.
It's because of the strife between the Lords, and our constant battling over court ranks
is why we're still under the Mage Academy's sway.
In fact, the Mage Academy has us right where they want us now.
However, they're not likely to approve of our truce.
They'll unleash some kind of plot to shatter it.
Please, allow me to voice my second proposal.
Along with the three factions' truce, Alexis Doucet and Marrine Kreische will marry.
You two will unify your Crests, and then I will swear my loyalty to that Crest.
Do you intend to create the Grancrest here?
Yes.
If that happens, the tragedy will repeat!
Once the Crests are unified, the Academy will surely bare its fangs in time.
Absolutely.
That's why I wanted to fight on my own.
What do you mean by that?
I wanted the enemy's attack to be directed only at me.
Even if I perished, it would serve to let the Continent know who our true enemy is.
What good would it do to let everyone know?
Someday, someone will carry out my mission.
That's all I need to accomplish.
Never mind someday, Sir Alexis and I will fight together right now!
No!
Why?
I can not let that happen, ever.
Why not?
Why do you wish to shoulder everything?
It's ridiculous for you to be the only one to sacrifice yourself.
Let the three of us stand together, against our true enemy
Not Alexis!
Don't drag him into this.
No matter who the enemy is, I wish to fight by your side.
Would you mind coming with me?
Marrine.
I want you to be my queen.
My Crest, my life, my love. I give them all to you.
I can't accept them.
I have no right to accept them.
Why not?
I surrendered my virtue to the Prince of Dartania.
It only happened once, but I've undoubtedly lost my purity.
Were you in love with the Prince of Dartania?
No.
Then, there are no problems.
The important thing is that I love you, and whether or not you're willing to accept that.
My entire body is stained with blood.
Because of me, tens of thousands of people have lost their lives.
I have no right to become happy!
If you're forbidden from ever becoming happy,
then let me accept that penalty as well.
If we must make amends, then let's spend the rest of our lives doing that!
I've made Siluca my bride.
- Although we haven't announced it yet. - Sir Theo!
I love Siluca with all my heart.
And she's accepted how I feel about her.
It's only natural for two people in love to be together.
If we live in a world where that's forbidden,
I'll change it, even if I have to destroy it!
Alexis.
What is it?
Do you really wish for me to become your queen?
I'll say it over and over.
I'll repeat it as many times as there are stars in the heavens.
I've known the word love.
But after meeting you, I've come to know what it means to love.
Please. I want you to become my queen.
Just gazing at you is enough to make me feel unbearably happy.
Even though it's forbidden for me to feel this way.
I shall become Alexis Doucet's queen.
So which one should I pledge my loyalty to?
That won't be necessary.
We're going to pledge our loyalty to you.
To me?
I've been questioning it all this time.
Who is this man, Theo Cornaro?
But now I think I know the answer.
My grandfather, Jurgen, believed that in order to unify the Continent,
it was necessary to destroy and change the world.
Sir Theo, you're attempting to do just that.
You're the one who should become our first emperor.
Let us accept.
And after the miracle is fulfilled, let us return the Crest to Sir Alexis.
Lady Marrine will become queen and chancellor.
And you, Sir Theo... No, you and I can return to Sistina.
After all, that is your final dream.
You're right.
Let's spread the word across the whole Continent.
Yes.
PITCHED BATTLE OF THE THREE FORCES
It's rather noisy here.
I'm using the secret agency to purge Mages supporting the Lords.
Oh?
Did something happen at the pitched battle of the three factions?
The Grancrest is about to be born.
What did you say?
We can no longer avoid confrontation with the Lords.
Meaning that we, the Mage Academy, must become a monolith.
This is all in the name of thwarting the advent of an era of order.
In the name of fulfilling her intentions.
Her intentions, huh?
Apparently, my time to make a move is coming closer.
EPISODE 21 PURGE
