It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode Eight
King of Paradise
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories) Foolish Apparition and The Election Murder Case
The detective isn't back today, either?
I wonder if something happened to him...
Sorry! Is there some kind of case to solve?
Inga
Detective's Assistant
Isn't it about time the cucumbers on the roof were harvested?
Water is leaking through the walls again!
My cell phone reception is lousy!
I want him to give my food cart's new dish a taste test!
I need him to look for my precious necklace that I misplaced somewhere!
How can I get back together with my girlfriend?!
Kazamori! Kazamori!
I know! Since he's not here, you'll do, Inga-chan!
How about working for me part-time?! It's really not that shady a place!
Just grilling yakitori in a bathing suit!
Inga-chan is a boy, you know!
That's even better these days!
It's getting scary here... Come on, haven't you found Shinjurou yet?!
Don't squeeze me!
Sasa juice!
Where's Shinjurou?!
The firewalls are complex. I will attempt to retry.
Whatever, just help me!
Sasa Kazamori
Artificial Intelligence (R.A.I.)
Shinjurou-sama! Shinjurou-sama!
Shinjurou-sama!
Mamori... Kaze...?
Kaza... mori...
Was he there?
Kaishou Rie
Kaishou Rinroku's Daughter Lives at Home
I found him. He is in there...
The East Kantou Social Rehabilitation Program Center...
Private-run or not, he's still inside a prison. Shinjurou...
Shinjurou said he was being used in that case with the codes.
And he was going to the privately run prison where that guy is.
A visit should only take an hour or two.
Why has he been gone for days now?
Can't we investigate further?
I have probably the most secure line in all Japan.
A normal firewall couldn't mess with me.
Because it's a part of me in the cloud.
Still, there's an extremely aggressive, unknown barrier around Shinjurou-sama.
You can't talk to Shinjurou?
There's also something incomprehensible about Shinjurou's behavior.
I stole this footage from a surveillance camera.
It's an honor to be called upon by you, Chairman.
Well, Rie-san is all fired up...
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
Certainly, it appears that Yuuki Shinjurou
is imprisoned in the privately-run East Kanto Rehab Center.
Even though he has no criminal record and wasn't sentenced by any judge,
the data shows that he's also been given a prisoner number.
It's possible that someone has falsified the data.
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
What happened to him?
Yuuki Shinjurou
Well, why don't we just get him out of there? Assuming he's innocent...
Please, Rie-sama! Don't go in there!
Kaichou Family Maid (Head Maid)
Kaichou Family Maid
I'm going too!
Miss...
Please let me go as your assistant, Izumi-san!
An assistant and maid are two different things.
Please wait!
I made these.
I'll take them.
I'll use them if the Detective resists.
Visiting Room 1
You attempted to incite the critic,
Calls Himself a Novelist
Prisoner
Mr. Yajima, to commit murder.
You call yourself the Novelist, but your real name...
When new characters are added to the mix halfway in, the plot goes haywire.
Just don't talk too much.
What did you do to the detective?
Who are those women?
A murder occurred during a movie shoot at a movie studio.
Movie shoot?
The murderer is cameraman Yuuki Shinjurou.
You're the high society female police detective, okay?
Don't drag your heels!
Y-Yes, ma'am!
Yuuki Shinjurou
Cameraman?
Murder case?!
And Prosecutor Koyama has arrested the culprit?
It seems like everyone's up in arms.
Anyway, I gather they're going to investigate now,
so it'll probably take some time.
The prosecutor just happens to be there with civilian Kaishou Rie,
who I'm sure doesn't have the right to investigate a criminal matter...
It's like they're all dreaming or some...
A dream... I see...
This is similar to the Oono Myoushin case.
The founder of a new religious cult murdered his followers.
The followers deludedly believed that everything Oono said was reality.
For example, they would watch a blank video
but saw whatever footage Oono told them was on it.
Oono had the power to make people see his words as reality.
That's the power of Bettenou.
Bettenou! You mean the founder, Bettenou, of Oono's group?
Bettenou is a kami.
She's like a deity with the power to turn people's words into reality.
That's why I've been saying I smell her ever since we got here!
All you said was that something smells strange!
But if you're right...
This whole thing could be some kind of illusion...
Hey! Give me my phone!
She's showing her story to Shinjurou and the others!
Hopefully it'll be soon...
Click!
Maybe a little more?
Kazamori!
And one for the road!
So this... is the mystery...
Yuuki-san?
Kazamori, I could've done without that last one.
Been a while, hasn't it?
What can you see right now?
The truth, right?
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
Criminals, huh?
Yes, the Metro Police Department brought it to my attention...
If it's made public that a person who just came for a visit was imprisoned...
Right now, all we can do is leave it to them.
Solving the murder takes priority.
I found the scene of the crime.
Are there shutters without safety systems these days?!
It's been tampered with so that there's no record of it opening or closing!
And the safeties aren't working either!
A nonexistent streetcar doesn't run.
This is the murder weapon.
This shutter separates the men and women's blocks, so it usually remains shut.
Okamoto
East Kantou Social Rehabilitation Program Center Director of Security
Director Mitaka... I mean, the security guard, I guess...
He would open this shutter every night to visit the women's block.
To have contact with a female prisoner...
That's why the line was cut.
Hey, who do you think you are?!
What's the prime suspect doing playing detective and investigating?!
It's just as my mistress says.
This young lady is the pride of the Metro P.D.
She solves cases with money, authority and old-fashioned selfishness,
and they call her the Glamorous Gumshoe!
I guess that novelist can't write light novels...
I'll go in myself and confirm the identity
of that man who's calling himself the Novelist!
And Bettenou, too.
I don't want to be held back anymore.
Huh? You intend to tag along?
You think they'll let a kid in there?
They wouldn't mind me, would they?
As your assistant...
S-Sure, why not?
Leave the handcuffs on.
Without the continued stimulus, you'll be swept up by the Novelist's tale again.
Oh, and if they get too annoying...
Yuuki Shinjurou!
Like this?
How long do you intend to keep up this ridiculous charade?!
What have you done?!
If you resist arrest,
I'll have you incarcerated for 780 years...
I'm so scared...
The behavior of all the inmates is monitored
through their uniquely numbered chips.
This is in the area of the shutter last night...
Yuuki Shinjurou
It's me...
Until the morning, no other number... that is, no other inmate was there.
In other words, you're the only possible culprit, Defeated Detective!
Why would I...?
I can picture it!
I'm sure you said something like, The truth must be revealed!
and got into an argument over it.
You're a pro at pretending you're mean, but have a strong sense of justice.
Are you praising me? Or dissing me?
The numbers...
Do you have something?
I was thrown in here by the man who calls himself the Novelist.
But was it easy to issue a number for me, when I'm not a criminal?
The installed chips need a lot of maintenance,
so it's possible that a guard put it in.
But the monitored numbers are issued by the court and public prosecutor.
In other words, my number could've already belonged to another inmate,
but was transferred to me.
That is a possibility.
Then there's another inmate with the same number?
Our security system would warn us if two of the same number existed!
Then even if he or she has the attached chip,
one inmate here doesn't have a monitored number.
That inmate can move about without being seen by the security system.
There are surveillance cameras!
The victim probably changed the angle of the cameras,
just like he fiddled with the shutter.
So that no one could find fault with his behavior!
I'll check on it at once!
The person who originally had your number is the killer!
No.
There was no war.
If I solve this mystery, the dream that the Novelist gave us will disappear...
I want the criminal records of the female inmates!
I wonder what'll happen to the movie...
I just hope it doesn't get canceled.
Right when it finally looked like we were about to accomplish something...
We still don't know how it's supposed to turn out...
Shinjurou-kun!
The murdered Director Mitaka was looking for movies in the library.
Stuart Rosenberg, Franklin J. Schaffner, Frank Darabont.
What do these three directors have in common?
They're foreigners!
They all directed a famous prison break film.
Prison break?
I saw the director...
You understand, don't you? You're Papillon!
No! Don't let go!
Please! Don't let go!
He called the woman he was with Papillon and begged her not to let him go?
Let go of me!
A problematic breakup?
No. He wasn't telling her not to let him go.
Note: Depending on the kanji, hanasuna can mean Don't let go! or Don't talk/tell!
He said, Don't tell anyone.
The woman knew Mitaka's secret and he was telling her not to tell anyone.
If the director had a secret,
wouldn't it make more sense if he did the killing, instead?
The reason the director snuck into the women's block every night
was to help the woman who knew his secret break out.
He looked to the movies to get a hint for that, no matter how small.
Break... out?
It would be possible if a monitored number was switched
and you could get around the surveillance cameras.
I don't understand. What do you mean by break out?
I solved the mystery of your last lines.
That's right. I was just a NEET pretending I was some hacker.
What is this?
It was so much fun leaking the government's secret information,
but when my blog started getting attention, I started uploading lies, too.
And then one day, the police came...
I had relations with an innumerable amount of people.
It was because I was insecure...
How long will the war last? It may never end...
I wanted to be with somebody so I could forget my anxiety.
But when the war was over, I was told that I sold my body...
I was an ordinary mother.
My son wasn't even a year old
and I refused to let him become a victim of the war.
I just wanted to hold on to my ordinary everyday life.
That's why I accepted my friend's invitation to participate
in a demonstration against the government...
And eventually, I thought,
If that Prime Minister doesn't quit, the war won't end...
And if he doesn't quit, I'll make him quit!
I researched how to make explosives...
During the war,
a number of terrorist bombing plots against the Prime Minister were uncovered.
But terrorism by an average housewife to protect her everyday life?
During the war, Mitaka Kichitarou also took part
in anti-government demonstrations, which is where he met Izawa Sayo.
But for him, the demonstrations were just a fad of the times.
After the war, he became a guard at this private-run prison,
but if it became known that he once consorted with terrorists,
he would lose his job, his future... everything.
So he switched Izawa Sayo's monitored number and tried to help her escape!
Mitaka asked me something...
Tanimura, Yada are there... and Izawa, too?
At the time, you were standing behind that box, so he couldn't see you.
However, Mitaka's tablet displayed the inmates' numbers in real time,
so even if he couldn't see her,
it shouldn't have been necessary for him to ask me.
So why did he ask?
Izawa Sayo!
It's because only your number isn't displayed!
He told me... He said he would get me out of here if I didn't say anything.
But I didn't understand what he was saying.
I'm shooting a movie.
I should've been able to film to the end...
So why do I have to be cut from the movie?!
That's why I...
Even though he was trying to get you out of here!
Maybe he felt sorry for you because you have a child...
No!
It was the streetcar!
It moved! It moved...
It struck and killed him!
War is a toy, isn't it?
And it isn't just me!
It's you, too. And you!
We've all made war into a toy!
Tanimura Motoko
Information Criminal
Yada Sumie
Sex Offender
Izawa Sayo
Terrorist
Is it that frustrating having to accept that this time
Chairman Kaishou's deductions were correct,
and that Yuuki Shinjurou was innocent?
That's a terrible face.
Anyway, I'm going to stick around here a little longer.
I want to escape, but I can't pass up this chance...
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Something's strange...
Answer me. What do you want?
What do you want with Yuuki Shinjurou?
Resistance is futile.
People have no choice but to answer my question.
Until then, you can't even call that mischievous kami!
What do you want with Yuuki Shinjurou?
He's my... Great Detective.
I'm a novelist.
I bring forth events onto the setting that is this reality.
That's my novel.
And my novel needed a great detective.
I put him within my reach so I could polish my new work.
I've thought of all the plots I'll ever need!
And so you had the guard cooperate with you
in disguising Shinjurou as a prisoner.
And then I had that guard disposed of.
It's the detective's first case!
But he shouldn't have been able to solve the mystery.
Because if he did, the pleasant fantasy world would be destroyed.
In this world of illusion,
he embraced a mystery that he'd never be able to solve.
He should've been mine!
Too bad. There is no mystery that Yuuki Shinjurou can't solve.
Even if it means spilling his own blood...
He always gives me the truth... the souls...
What about Bettenou?
You took her away, didn't you?
The way you always do...
If someone hadn't killed him, I might've killed him myself.
Instead of going to all this trouble to look for the criminal,
I'd rather hunt down the killer of Takeda Shingen,
Note: Distinguished Daimyo in feudal Japan who has various stories surrounding his death
who might've died of natural causes, suicide, or murder,
Shinjurou answered with a scowl.
Inspired by Sneering Demon from Ango Torimonochou,
Next time on UN-GO: Kaishou Rinroku's Crime.
Episode 9
Kaishou Rinroku's Crime
Inspired by Sneering Demon and Red Trap from Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories)
There's a reason I'm so sherious...
I mean serious! I'm serious!
