TSUMUGU KINAGASE
What do you want?
I see that you've been looking after our flowers for us!
GARDENING CLUB TERRANCE GENERAL MANAGER KUSANOSUKE YAGURUMA
We thought we would offer a little thank-you.
Hey, this is a nonsmoking area!
People who rely on Life Fibers aren't entitled to complain.
How do you know about those?!
I don't need to answer that, either.
H-H-He threw a c-c-cigarette butt into the s-sacred flower bed!
You'll pay for that!
Gardening-spec, Green Thumb-enhancing Two-Star Goku Uniform!
That's the name of the uniform that's going to bury you!
Fool! A mere gun is useless against a Goku Uniform!
Eat him, my pretty!
I-Impossible!
M-My power is being drained...
Let me tell you two useful pieces of information.
One: I smoke whenever I want.
For pity's sake, spare me
Two.
I hate...
being interrupted!
EPISODE 5 HIKIGANE (TRIGGER)
Life Fiber Synchronization, Kamui Senketsu!
Taking hostages, that's pretty low!
You're so cool, Ryuko!
Shut up! This girl isn't a hostage!
She is the Biology Club's prestigious Guinea Pig 1!
I-Impossible!
Don't delude yourselves into thinking that you can
beat me with tools you'd use on carp and frogs!
Finishing Move: Sen-I-Soshitsu!
SEN-I-SOSHITSU (FIBER LOST)
I guess that wraps it up.
Thanks, Ryuko!
You can change the size of your scissor now, too!
Pretty much. It's no big deal.
Your blood has been salty lately.
Don't you think you're getting a little cocky?
You can tell that from how my blood tastes?
I can immediately spot any change in your physiology.
Everything from your weight to your BMI.
Butt out of private stuff like that!
You've been eating too many of those croquettes, Ryuko.
No, that's called butting in where you're not wanted!
I can't waste my time on chumps like these guys!
Calm yourself.
Impatience is bad for you. As is greasy food.
Give it a rest, damn it! Wipe that smug look off your face!
I'm incapable of having a smug look on my face.
Because I don't have one.
Quit nitpicking every little thing I say!
Wow, that's amazing!
You're doing a comedy duo act all by yourself!
Oh, you were talking to Senketsu, weren't you?
Sorry, sorry!
Still, that was a close call!
If they had sliced open my belly, my lunch would have spilled out,
and I would've had to eat it all over again!
Worry about your life more than your lunch.
Time to dig in
You're gonna get fatally wounded one of these days, so
Mako!
Hey, Mako! Say something!
I got her out of our hair for a while.
She is unharmed.
Thanks to the effects of the needles, when she wakes up
any fatigue she had will be alleviated, any sickness cured,
and she will be full of vim and vigor.
Oh. Thanks for that.
Your uniform, however, will get no mercy!
Run, Ryuko!
You bastard, what club do you belong to?
Take off your clothes.
Huh? What kind of thing is that to say?!
I know, you're from the Pervert Club! You're from the Pervert Club, aren't you?
The way you're built, you've GOT to be in the Pervert Club.
Let me tell you two useful pieces of information.
One: I'm not a pervert.
Keep telling yourself that, pervert!
Two: You are unable to transform in front of me.
If I fire at this range, you'll die. Take off your clothes.
You leave me no choice, then.
Come back here, damn it!
I'll be back... to strip you tomorrow.
I hate being interrupted.
That's what you wanted to say, right, Tsumugu?
Why did you call me?
Pull up a seat! The Kiryuins don't have eyes down here.
Why did you call me?
Leave Matoi alone.
This is a crucial period.
I can't do that.
Satsuki Kiryuin's national school conquest
is complete, except for Kansai.
Thwart the ambitions of the Kiryuins by using the Kamui.
That was Dr. Matoi's goal, and that's
the path that we of Nudist Beach have chosen.
You're interfering with that path.
That uniform is too dangerous.
What if Matoi proves herself to be a powerful ally?
If she's consumed by that thing,
it'll create a threat even greater than the Kiryuins.
That's why I'm going to terminate it now.
Before she gets consumed by the uniform and becomes a monster.
People and clothing aren't enemies. Isn't that what Kinue said?
I owe you a debt. I'll do anything you ask.
Except when it comes to a Kamui.
If HQ were to find out, they'd confiscate all that gear of yours.
Even if they did, I'd still continue to go after the Kamui.
As a naked Nudist.
Wow, you're really chowing down, sis!
Yeah, I'm totally starving!
It's like my fatigue's been alleviated, my diseases have
been cured, and I'm full of vim and vigor or something!
You've got so much food. Did anything good happen today?
No, I just felt so darn good when I woke up!
I went to the meat shop, the grocery store, and the fish store!
I bought all they had!
I'm amazed you had that much money!
Naturally, I put it on your tab, Dad!
What the heck.
If it comes down to it, I'll just sell Mataro's organs!
Earth to Ryuko!
Guts is gonna at all your food again!
Stop that, mutt!
Don't climb on me! Don't dig your claws into me!
Don't drool on me! Don't fart on me!
Ryuko, do something!
I'm done.
Regarding the intruder who attacked the Gardening Club today,
his data matches the Anti-Uniform Guerilla we've had trouble with before.
Anti-Uniform Guerilla?
The man who's been attacking our affiliated academies?
This is the weapon he uses.
Analysis has revealed that these needles
are composed of a special alloy,
and they have the ability to sever the connection
between a human body and Life Fibers.
How impudent, a weapon that can counteract a Goku Uniform.
So this means that those people sent him.
Those fools who dare oppose Honnouji Academy!
However, his target this time appears to be Ryuko Matoi.
Matoi?
So, it's the Kamui he's after.
In that case, this is nothing more than a
SANDPIPER CLAM
struggle between a sandpiper and a clam.
In that case, it's my job to cast the net.
What's this?
Is the musician becoming a fisherman?
My Biology Club was also wrecked by the transfer student.
The Non-Athletic Committee will see to this.
If I may, Lady Satsuki?
As you wish.
MANKANSHOKU BACK-ALLEY CLINIC
Ryuko, don't wear me today.
I am the one that man is after.
If you do not wear me, he has no reason to come after you.
And the one I'M after is Satsuki. I'll wear you and take her out.
If I don't do that, it'll be open season on us forever.
Shut up. If you keep yammering on, I won't give you any blood!
She's talking to her uniform again! That's so creepy!
If it weren't for that, she'd be such a great girl.
How annoying. I got it, I got it! Just shut up already!
She doesn't have any friends at all, does she?
That's why that uniform means so much to her!
I don't hear you! Shut up! I'm going to wrinkle you up.
She's a bit strange, but we of all people should accept her.
Mako, go on ahead. I'll catch up later.
Please.
Kay, I will!
Ryuko, Senketsu isn't your only friend!
Remember, you also have me!
I'm going on ahead!
Are you afraid, Ryuko?
Shut up.
Can you fight properly in this mental state?
I said to quit your nitpicking!
You're just a piece of clothing!
So be quiet and be worn by me!
Just a piece of clothing, you say?
We'll talk later. So no more nagging.
Life Fiber Synchronize, Kamui Senketsu!
I seem to recall someone saying that he wouldn't let me transform!
Victory isn't determined solely by
who has the superior physical abilities.
An attack like that isn't gonna work on me!
Senketsu?
In the early dawn...
W-What the hell?
Presenting the three masters of the Honnouji Rakugo Club!
RAKUGO CLUB THREE MASTERS
100 Poems By 100 Poets Club! The Horde of 100!
100 POEMS BY 100 POETS CLUB! HORDE OF 100
Gardening!
GARDENING CLUB BACKYARD GENERAL MANAGER SQUINT-EYED KUSATAO UWABAMI
Gardening Club Backyard General Manager, Squint-eyed Kusatao Uwabami!
Now we're going to have our revenge for what you did on the terrace.
Considering how determined you were,
are you satisfied with sending small-fry clubs after them?
It would be boring to simply beat her outright, wouldn't it?
Wouldn't you do the same if you were me?
This is an opportunity to watch a pro at work.
Isn't this a perfect lesson to train for the genuine
battle that Lady Satsuki has in the works?
I see you've thought this through, huh?
I've been with Lady Satsuki the longest.
I know exactly how she thinks.
Maybe you should be gathering data instead of evaluating me, Four Eyes.
Where'd you go, Pervert Club?
Ow!
When did he have time to set up a trap like that?
Ryuko.
Quit bugging me! What now, another lecture?
I'm sorry, Ryuko, but I'm at my limit.
Senketsu!
So, the jamming rounds have finally taken effect.
I can't believe how many rounds it took. That's a Kamui for you.
Bastard!
Now, take off your clothes!
I sealed the power of your Kamui. You have no hope of winning.
You think I'm gonna do what some pervert tells me?
Let me tell you two useful pieces of information.
One: There was once a woman.
She believed that people and clothes were not enemies.
She was a fool.
And because of her foolishness,
she was betrayed by clothing.
The path you are heading down ends in the same place as hers.
I don't have any damn idea what you're talking about.
I suppose not.
Ryuko... Escape without me!
Sen
Do you understand now?
This thing just tried to escape by itself.
You're wrong.
It knew that you were of no more use, so it
Senketsu was trying...
Life Fibers...
This uniform is the only clothing Ryuko has.
And look at what you've done to it.
Don't you have any idea how people who
only own one set of clothes feel?!
Who is this?
Ryuko loves this uniform more than anything!
She's always whispering to it.
Pretty creepy, huh?
My whole family is creeped out by it!
But that's what people who only own one set of clothes are like!
Taking the clothes off the back of someone
like that is the same as taking away a friend!
Tha's right! This uniform is Ryuko's friend!
People and clothing can't communicate.
It's impossible for them to become friends.
They can so!
Up until now, the only friends I had were in my head.
But then I met Ryuko and I made a real one!
A girl like that could totally make friends with clothing!
More to the point, she already has!
Shame on you!
You have to take better care of your friend!
Thank you, Mako...
Anyway, I'm cleaning the girls' bathroom as punishment for sleeping in class!
Buh-bye!
Where were we before we were interrupted?
Now, then. Let go of it.
You'll have to pry him out of my cold, dead hands!
You want to go through all that suffering again?
Don't you dare lay a finger on Ryuko.
Do, and I'll make you pay.
Did it... talk just now? The uniform talked?
These two... care for each other?
Your battle against the Kamui was magnificent.
However, I've grown bored with the melody you play.
Hand over the girl.
Hand over the Kamui to the likes of you?
Turn yourself in, too.
One: You people will never catch me.
Two: I'll never hand over these two, either!
I won't let you escape!
After all that, you let him get away?
Inumuta. Status of the Anti-Uniform Guerilla's combat data?
Analysis is complete. I was able to deduce a pattern.
Very well.
I'm glad that Jakuzure understood what my true intent was.
Thank her for her trouble.
Senketsu!
I'm here.
What a relief...
We'll have to thank that man, I suppose.
Damn it, I lost! It was a complete rout
Ow...
We're both in tatters. Don't push yourself.
Senketsu.
You and I need to become even stronger.
No, we CAN become even stronger. If we're together.
Yes. After all, I'm your precious only set.
No, that's not what you are.
You're my friend.
I am.
But don't measure my BMI anymore.
- I can't accept that request. - I thought we were friends!
Lose 2cm from your waist!
2cm?! Get off my case, man!
Well done saving Matoi.
I suppose this means your debt to me is repaid.
That isn't enough.
It's plenty. Anyway, I only put girls in my debt.
Let me tell you two useful pieces of information.
One: I'm only giving her a chance.
Two: If I see things coming apart at the seams,
I'll be back to rip it off her.
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
Uzu Sanageyama, Honnouji Academy's Athletic Committee Chair.
UZU SANAGEYAMA
Uzu Sanageyama, one of the Honnouji Academy Student Council Elite Four.
UZU SANAGEYAMA
Uzu Sanageyama, a man with so many job titles that
introducing him has eaten up this entire preview!
MAN
UZU SANAGEYAMA
Next time on Kill La Kill, Don't Toy Me on a Whim
EPISODE 6 DON'T TOY ME ON A WHIM
