I'm coming!
Who are you?
Party is over
But I still wanna dance
I can't even sleep
Someday, one day my passion's fire will
From the beginning I knew
One day the flames would die out
Hey, I thought I didn't need anything
But even now, I'm so serious
Ah... I still have time to make it
Ah... but I'm gonna burn it up, baby
Sorry darling, it's not that easy
But surely it's not that bad either
Give me fire
Light it up, baby. I'm gonna burn it up, yeah
Party is over
Sorry darling Hurry up Ah... I still have time to make it
Sorry darling Hurry up Ah... I still have time to make it
Give me fire
Light it up, baby. I'm gonna burn it up, yeah
11 The story of Banmon, part 1
Who are you? And those arms...
Hey, aren't you gonna thank us?
If it weren't for him, that samurai there would be monster meat by now.
I know not who you are, but thank you for saving him.
Don't mention it.
The villagers can live in peace now.
What's wrong, bro?
-He's blind so he sees with his soul. -He's blind?
He can fight like that with no sight or arms?
That's how amazing he is.
He's beaten monsters left and right traveling this land.
And not some tiny little ghouls, either.
We only go after the real deal, demons and monsters.
So, pay up.
Thanks.
By the way, we heard there's a rich province nearby. Know where it is?
Must be our Lord Daigo's land.
You'll reach the city limits in half a day.
Thanks. Let's go.
Tell me your name.
Hyakkimaru.
Hyakkimaru...
Lord Daigo's land, huh?
He was dressed well, so he might be some important guy there.
Hey come on, let's go.
Forgive me, sir. I...
No, it is my fault for underestimating that monster.
I wouldn't lose to anybody in the dojo.
But a real fight is a different matter.
That in itself is a futile argument.
A vagabond and the heir to this land cannot be compared.
How about some fresh vegetables?
They're all fine goods. Take a look.
A baby demon has been born, red all over
Should we feed it to the mountain beasts?
Should we feed it to the ocean creatures?
Wrap it up, send it adrift, now it's out of sight
It's the demon! The demon child!
The demon child has come!
Look Hyakkimaru, rice balls! And made with white rice, too.
And that, what is that?
We'll need more than one day to see all this.
Let's eat something first.
Look, they're putting on a play over there!
For years on end,
demons have tortured our people.
As the lord of this land
I, Daigo Kagemitsu, shall now slay this demon!
Oh great Goddess of Mercy.
Please save Daigo's people with your benevolence.
Do protect our lord.
That guy's pretty awesome, huh.
That guy? How dare you!
He's Lord Daigo Kagemitsu, the man who made our land so rich.
Well, you don't say.
He's just like you, bro.
The demon has been defeated!
All foes who defy me will be vanquished.
And my domain will be protected for eternity!
I see. I'm sorry for what happened to them.
Did you come here because of the rumors, too?
In a way.
This land is like none other in these hard times.
I was curious as to what was blessing this country.
I heard the demons that Daigo defeated are enshrined up there.
I'm going up there to check on it.
We got no business for some long dead monsters.
We're only after the live ones, the raging ones.
Well, well.
Now then.
I see you've killed humans as well.
You'd better be careful.
You gotta be kidding me.
But dang.
Maybe there's nothing for us to do here.
Let's have a bit more fun here and then go on to the next town.
Hey, bro?
I say it's the curse of Banmon.
I bet that's why it hasn't rained at all.
Shh, you shouldn't say that.
The villages I passed through were all dry, too.
If this continues, then this fall...
What's wrong?
Impossible. Lord Daigo's land is protected by the Goddess of Mercy.
Yeah, but ever since those things started up at Banmon.
Asakura's been acting suspicious, too.
Hey.
What is that Banmon thing?
-What? A blind boy with no arms? -Yes.
I believe one of his legs is a prosthetic, too.
They said they travel, defeating monsters.
I would've died if he had not saved me.
They bragged that they were only after strong demon gods.
And he really did slay a huge monster with just one slash.
His name is Hyakkimaru.
It used to be a fort that protected us from the Asakura clan.
There was a fierce battle, and all except one wall got burned down.
But that was the first time Daigo's army drove the Asakuras away.
Lord Kagemitsu's influence grew from here.
Wow, what a tall wall.
They say the Goddess of Mercy that Lord Daigo's wife prays to dwells in it.
But recently the Asakuras have been getting stronger.
They shoot Daigo's men and spies onto the wall.
They're trying to sully the Goddess of Mercy's blessing.
Ghouls have been gathering nightly, attracted to those corpses.
Nobody goes near it now.
Some say it might even be cursed by the demons Lord Daigo defeated.
Do you sense something?
A demon?
Very strong.
Hey.
Be careful. If you cross that wall, you'll be killed.
Huh? You're just a kid. Don't scare me like that.
See that? They're Asakura sentries.
If they catch you, they'll shoot you onto Banmon.
There's nothing to find here.
Go rob corpses someplace else.
That's not what we're here for. We're going to beat Banmon's monster.
Monster?
This used to be where our village was.
They came barging in and built that Banmon.
My home is on the other side! Let go, let go of me!
It's Asakura territory now. You'll be killed!
Papa... Mama... Mama...!
Everyone abandoned the village.
But I ain't giving up.
I'll cross Banmon someday and get home.
I'm going home!
-We'll help. -Huh?
So the Asakura army keeps watch during the day.
But what about night?
Are you crazy? It's even worse at night.
You've never seen the likes of it.
-Huge monsters everywhere... -Don't worry.
My bro can handle that.
You meant it about beating the monsters?
We usually don't do it for free.
But you fed us, so it's a deal.
I'm Dororo. This is Hyakkimaru.
I'm Sukeroku.
My son really is alive...
My lady, the lord is...
What are you going to do?
I will not allow anybody to interfere with my prosperity.
-You think we should go unpunished? -What?
Sacrificing the life of an innocent child...
We will pay for what we did.
We may already be paying for it.
You're saying I should've let my land rot in hell as it was?
My lord, is it truly the well-being of your people that you wish for?
Or to defeat other domains and become a great lord?
For that, our son...
Women don't understand politics.
ASAKURA DOMAIN
-Daigo Kagemitsu did? -He left an hour ago with a small troop.
It didn't seem like a joyride, and he wished to keep it secret.
See? The Asakura sentries are leaving.
It's almost time.
So hey, Sukeroku. What's your mama like?
She's plump with white skin. The prettiest in the village.
-She makes the best rice cakes too. -Yeah?
Once we meet her, you can have some too.
Really? All right!
It's here.
It's a fox fire sprit.
That's the Banmon monster.
There's more!
Wow, we really can win!
Look at all of them.
It's called all the foxes around here.
Hyakkimaru! You stupid fox, take this!
You jerk, you idiot! Take this, and this!
Watch out...!
This is my chance...
No, Sukeroku! It's dangerous to go alone.
-Bro. -Go.
Thanks.
A demon.
Don't be rash, Sukeroku.
A traveling boy with a kid?
He's about my age or a bit older.
Haven't seen him.
Hey, you haven't paid!
-Young Master! -Here.
He must still be around here somewhere.
But what are you going to do if you find him?
You said my father was shocked when he heard your report.
Father must know something about his past.
You mean...
Father and Mother's secret.
Where the baby disappeared to 16 years ago.
That boy might have the answer to all this.
A baby demon has been born, red all over
Should we feed it to the mountain beasts?
-Hey, you there. -Young Master, she's...
The demon child...!
The demon child has come back to destroy Daigo!
Sukeroku, Sukeroku!
Where'd he go?
-Sukeroku! -Hey, you!
What are you doing there?
Sukeroku...
What do you mean by demon child?
And destroy Daigo? What does that mean?
-Answer me! -Young Master, do not listen to her.
It's the curse of the demons!
The demons ate the baby.
Its arms, legs, nose, mouth, skin, everything.
They ate everything!
And now the child's come back to return the curse to Daigo and his land!
HALL OF HELL
This is very bad.
Sorrow scatters in the wind,
piling up to form shadows
Our footsteps admonish indifference in such verbose ways
As I peek into your fathomless eyes, I lose my composure
Is there any hope in the place I am heading to?
I feign amusement and laugh
because this road is so dark
I will be there to shine the light
I'm used to playing at saying goodbye,
but I cried when I waved to you
Our fiery woes fade... and fade... until night falls upon us
If I knew tomorrow would be so mundane,
I wouldn't have said that I wanted to live
I know it's futile but can't help dreaming of a future... a future... you are to blame
Kyubi
