Rendezvous in the blue sky, cuckoo
Discovery of the Suspect's Body
It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode 2
Pitiless Song
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) Les Miserables
Oh, what should I do?
Everything in the world
is reflected beautifully
That's right, this feeling is
strange, isn't it?
This is incredible.
Dol-pli, huh?
Drill pudding?
It's called an idol app.
A computerized fashion doll.
So much is evolving these days.
You didn't know about it, but you're standing in line?
It's my part-time job.
I was told to buy the new, uh...
What is it again?
Song.
Song!
Song!
Song!
Song!
Song!
Song!
Song!
Song!
New tune and new voice data.
It's different than that ancient Vocaloid thing.
It's 100 indistinguishable from a real person!
I heard a sample and it was awesome, you know?
Yeah, the song was great, too!
It reminded me of Yonaga'...
Shouldn't have said that...
Not supposed to talk about Yonaga'.
Dangerous...
Get us in trouble...
Only cutesy lyrics and songs that've been throughly checked are on the net.
Emergency Exit
Excuse me!
The Dol-pli expansion data that was due to go on sale today
has been prohibited.
What are you talking about?!
Don't screw with us!
You made us wait in line for hours!
You don't do this when you wanna sell something to people!
Prohibited, my ass!
It was canceled, wasn't it?!
Oh, shut up!
Oyamada Arata
Underground Software Dealer
It's a loss for me, too!
Coming through.
Oh, no!
What's wrong?
A woman who rode in an unlicensed taxi told the driver
that she forgot an important piece of luggage.
There's something else that I have to do.
Driver, would you pick up my luggage for me?
Please.
The driver did as he was told, driving to the place that the woman indicated.
And that was the mansion of Yokohama investor Osada Hisako?
As the woman said,
the suitcase was given to him by the gatekeeper at the Osada residence.
Figuring it was a valuable article,
he opened it...
And inside was the corpse of the mansion's owner, Osada Hisako herself.
Osada Hisako
Investor, Victim
Interesting...
Koyama-san, my father is just in the information industry.
He's not a detective.
That's all right. I'm interested in this, too.
This case has so many mysteries
that the Chairman is the only one I could turn to...
Isn't the criminal the woman who took the unlicensed cab?
Kaishou Rie
Kaishou Rinroku's Daughter, Lives at Home
A different man had left the suitcase there.
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor, Joint Coordinating Dept., Public Prosecutor's Office
There was a memo stating an unlicensed cabbie was coming to pick it up,
so to please hold on to the suitcase'til then.
The gatekeeper tried to refuse, but...
We believe Osada Hisako was murdered outside of her house.
But why did the murderer, that man, go to the trouble
of stuffing her body into a suitcase and dropping it off at her own mansion?
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of Japan Justice Network System Holdings
And what's the connection with the woman who took the unlicensed cab?
Well, the truth of the matter...
The suspect is 47-year-old Aramaki Toshiji, a restaurant proprietor.
He became the lover of Osada Hisako after her husband died.
I've heard that this Aramaki has an odd hobby.
Aramaki's hobby is dressing up in women's clothing.
In other words, the man that handed over the suitcase and the woman passenger
were both Aramaki in disguise.
Aramaki's aim was to throw suspicion off of himself
by making you think there were two criminals working together.
We're currently expending every effort to track down Aramaki's whereabouts.
The city lights are so beautiful, aren't they?
Yokohama... Blue Light Yokohama...
Shinjurou Yuuki
Detective
In ga
Detective's Assistant
Wherever we walk, wherever we walk, it's like being in a small boat
Your voice is so beautiful, I couldn't help myself...
Osada An
Victim's Daughter
Thank you. You're the detective, right?
You want us to find the person who murdered your mother?
In that case, I think I heard Kaishou Rinroku figured it out days ago...
Aramaki isn't the murderer.
He's in hiding, isn't he?
My mother had been threatened by someone for a long time.
Every month, she delivered money to a hotel in Shinagawa.
Shinagawa?
Please deliver the suitcase to the Tokyu Hotel in Shinagawa.
That's fishy, Shinjurou.
And who threatened her?
Maybe someone from Yonagahime...
No, I don't know!
But I'm sure the killer was someone else.
Understood! Please leave it to this Defeated Detective, Yuuki Shinjurou!
The city lights are so beautiful, aren't they?
Yokohama...
That's the song from before!
My grandmother taught it to me.
Huh...
My grandma said that in her country,
it was illegal to play Japanese music on TV or the radio.
But she said that even though this song is in Japanese,
it became so popular that everyone sang it secretly.
Don't you think the power of song is amazing?
Do you want to be a singer?
Yes. At one point, I thought maybe it couldn't happen,
but you can't give up on your dreams, you know?
Because one's dreams will always come true?
What's wrong, Shinjurou?
Even if Aramaki is the killer, why would he go to the trouble
of dropping off the suitcase at the victim's own home?
What are you trying to say?
Yonagahime... Yonaga'...
All images and sounds of Yonagahime have been wiped off the net,
Emergency Exit
and if you upload something,
you'll be arrested under the New Information Privacy and Protection Act.
You seriously don't know about Yonagahime?
Well, I wasn't in Japan...
Dol-pli
This is them recreated using Dol-pli.
Yonagahime 3+1
Valhalla Maidenland
Whoa.
World, open your eyes
Dawn is almost here
Beautiful to the end
Shone down upon
They were supposedly national idols.
Since the war broke out, there wasn't a day this song wasn't played on TV.
The message was let's strike back against terrorist attacks
and let's dispatch a massive amount of troops.
The sentiment was backed by public opinion, so after the war,
the Public Prosecutor's office prohibited this song from being broadcast.
What's 3 + 1?
Yonagahime, 3 + 1. That sums up their entire history.
What's this?
It seems Yonagahime was originally a four-person group.
But right before their debut,
one of the members became a victim of the first terrorist attack in Tokyo.
It's referred to as the attack on 12/23.
And that image was captured on surveillance cameras.
Eri isn't dead!
She's with us!
The four of us are Yonagahime!
We're not going to lose or cry!
We're gonna take back our dream!
Please listen!
This made their name recognition skyrocket.
Eri's voice, which had already been recorded, was used, too.
Stand up! (You)
We must (know)
depart for there!
On fallen, broken wings...
They say that's Eri's voice.
After Yonagahime broke up, my little sister wanted to have a solo career.
Nakahashi Eitarou
Older Brother of Nakahashi Sumika
But Ms. Osada was against it...
Osada? You mean Osada Hisako?
Yeah...
Nakahashi Sumika
Former Member of Yonagahime 3 + 1
What connection did Osada Hisako have with Yonagahime?
She was the president of the agency. The creator of the group.
The words of love, Yokohama
Shinjurou!
Blue Light Yokohama
Both of them are already here!
Yonaga'! Yonaga'!
Idiot!
Yumeno-san and Kumi-san, yes?
Yonaga'! Yonaga'!
P-Please stop it!
Tsunemi Kumi
Former Member of Yonagahime 3 + 1
Umezawa Yumeno
Former Member of Yonagahime 3 + 1
The authorities know who killed Ms. Osada, right?
Apparently, you two met the victim here once a month.
That's...
I checked into it.
The victim was being threatened by someone.
You have the wrong idea! The president...
Ms. Osada was worried about us, so she gave us living expenses...
Miss, if you didn't say anything, you could be taken for a man, you know?
I hear Osada Hisako's body was carried by a mystery man and woman.
You can't be serious!
Are you saying that we had a hand in the president's death?!
You didn't?
No! Of course not!
Now that the president's gone, I don't know what I'll do to make ends meet...
At a glance, a man and woman duo...
A Shinagawa hotel and a complicated relationship with Osada Hisako...
It seems that someone wanted us to think you two were the culprits.
Someone?!
So we'll never forget that day...
What if it's the ghost of Eri-chan?!
Eri died...
in the attack on 12/23.
Yumeno?!
Inga!
I can't... I can't hold it in anymore, Shinjurou!
What's wrong?!
Don't play dumb!
You know very well what I mean!
Where's the truth?!
But there's no motive...
Let's get to the bottom of it!
You said it yourself...
I'll show you what a real human is.
I'll show you human truth.
All right! But I still haven't found the truth...
Don't lie to me!
What are you searching for?
What do you want to protect?
Sweet Shinjurou...
But I feel sorry for that girl...
Yourself?
If you take pity on yourself, nothing will change.
Tell me. What should I ask?
Now... answer me...
Who is the real fourth member of Yonagahime?
I'm not supposed to tell anyone...
There's nothing you can do...
People have no choice but to answer her question.
Just one question...
Answer me.
Who's the fourth member of Yonagahime?!
Who is it?!
Yonagahime was a three-person group...
What about Anzai Eri, who was caught up in that terrorist attack?
When our debut was decided on, Ms. Osada brought that footage with her.
She said the story would be that the girl was one of us.
She even had vocal tracks laid down.
We never even met a girl named Eri!
But we couldn't refuse.
We were told we'd become stars that way...
When the war was over, Yonagahime broke up...
We were told we couldn't say anything about Eri.
If we did...
Emergency Exit
The city lights are so beautiful, aren't they?
A-Are you sure about this?
Wherever we walk, wherever we walk...
Hello? Yes...
Why? What are you saying?!
Why is it canceled?!
No good. It's still hard to get a connection.
The call got dropped.
There were two culprits...
And they often used a hotel in Shinagawa as a meeting place
to get money from your mother every month.
The people who fit those qualifications like a glove...
are Yonagahime's Yumeno-san and Kumi-san.
I don't believe it... Those two...
But I see... If Kumi-san was in disguise, she could look like a man...
That's what you wanted everybody to think, right?
But Kaishou picked somebody else as the murderer.
Did you panic?
What are you talking about?
Anzai Eri is supposed to be resting in peace here...
But she's really you, Osada An.
To make Yonagahime's debut possible, Osada Hisako created
the fictional identity of a fourth member who was killed in a terrorist attack.
She used recordings of your exceptional voice to back it up.
I analyzed it.
Your voice is nearly a perfect match with Anzai Eri's,
and it's also the same voice from the Dol-pli expansion data
that was prohibited before it could go on sale the other day.
Oh?
I was suspicious from the start.
Why would the murderer go out of their way
to hand over that suitcase in front of the victim's home?
It was so the person who lived there wouldn't be suspected, right, Osada An?
I wanted to sing...
I'm sure.
Your singing is wonderful...
I was a child when Yonagahime was formed, so I didn't really understand.
It didn't bother me that my voice was being used for Anzai Eri.
Since I could hear my voice on TV every day...
But after the war was over, the feeling behind my songs,
to cheer up a gloomy Japan in the face of defeat in war, all but disappeared...
But even so, Mom told me I couldn't sing!
Talk about me becoming a singer was all thrown out!
But I didn't want to give in!
I wanted to have faith that my dream would come true!
That's why I thought the Dol-pli data would be okay,
since my name wouldn't be on it...
But she said I couldn't do that either...
She said if somebody figured out it was the voice of Eri,
the girl who was supposed to be dead, it would cause trouble for some people.
Mom stole my songs... and Yonagahime from me!
For eternity,
We are kept in solitude
We're gonna protect the young girl who keeps praying
Making those eyes glisten
Is the biggest sin
Wave her flag of courage with love...
But even that last phone call shot down my chance at becoming a singer.
The suspect, Aramaki, was found dead.
It was a crime of passion.
Aramaki Toshiji
The Victim's Lover
When he realized that he couldn't escape, he committed suicide.
You killed him?
Kaishou's deduction...
The murderer was Aramaki.
Still, as before, Osada An's voice will not be made public.
It's a measure we're taking under the New Internet Privacy and Protection Act.
But...
If that's the case, then what did I kill Mom for?!
Huh? Have you suffered a breakdown?
Of course.
People die. Things break down.
Nothing is unbreakable.
And of course, I will break as well.
I'm just searching.
Why am I searching?
Because I'm not so important to exist without looking for something.
I search.
Kaishou Rinroku!
You people created the story
that Anzai Eri was a victim of terrorism, didn't you?!
The footage of Eri was faked, too.
Yonagahime was an idol group formed to raise spirits during the war.
But after the war, it would've caused you trouble if that trick were exposed.
That's why you people...
Oh, come on. A conspiracy theory?
All right! Get started!
Illegal Data Detected File Has Been Deleted
Shit!
What the hell?
The lights of the city are so pretty... Yokohama.
Blue Light Yokohama with you...
The murderer of the wealthy Yokohama woman
was correctly deduced by Kaishou Rinroku,
the Chairman of JJ Network System Holdings.
Detective?
Our usual word of love, Yokohama
Wherever we walk, wherever we walk
It's like being in a small boat
The way I rock
The way I rock in your arms
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
It says the next episode is based on Masked Mansion
from Ango Detective Stories.
I'm gonna read it!
Huh! There's a Mitsuko, Fumihiko, and Kigihiko in the original, too!
And Komamori, Inamori, Mizuhiko, Tsuchihiko...
How many relatives are there in here?!
Says they've got a disease that makes them collapse if they see someone's face,
so they were raised wearing masks...
What a fresh idea! That's Ango Sakaguchi for you.
I mean, is it okay to do that?!
Episode 3
Masked Mansion
Inspired by from Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) Shoplifting Family and Masked Mansion
Next Episode Preview
Masked Mansion!
So who's Kazamori?
