Allow me to introduce a new student.
This is Ange Lucare from Incognia.
Despite her humble upbringing, her grades have been nothing short of excellent,
and she has been awarded a scholarship here at Queen's Mayfaire Academy.
I hope you will all learn from her example.
Incognia?
Where's that?
You know, the colony...
I'm... I'm Ange. I-I'm very pleased to meet you!
Aww, look at her!
She's so cute!
What a funny girl!
Do you really think this Operation: Changeling is possible?
Switching an enemy nation's princess with one of our own spies...
We have authorization from the Defense Committee.
I believe that's proof enough of the plan's viability.
Ridiculous.
Never mind. Have you found the blueprints for the new warships the military requested?
The investigation is still underway.
It would be easier to gather intelligence if we had a mole in the ruling family.
That is why we initiated Operation: Changeling.
I was surprised at how well he could dance.
Oh, do you suppose he took lessons?
The roof?
What?
I'm sorry, I just remembered something I have to take care of.
Hey... Dorothy?
Up here.
I can't believe you went with THAT cover.
Everything's easier when people underestimate you.
But I'm surprised.
I never expected you to be the operative waiting for me.
It is quite the coincidence.
I haven't been able to shake you since the orphanage, but I'm still just as surprised as you are.
No, I'm surprised...
to find a 20-year-old masquerading as a secondary school student.
Wh-what choice did I have! I'm following orders!
Besides, I do LOOK like a secondary school student, don't I?
Your class must be very kind.
Don't make it sound like they pity me!
That reminds me...
About next week's tea party...
Mm-hm.
Occupied.
Y-yes, ma'am!
Sorry to bother you!
That's what you get...
Shut up!
That is Princess.
Even at school, she always has a guard posted nearby.
I've heard she's a princess of air with no political backing.
Even so, a princess is a princess.
Good grades, good looks, good personality... she has it all.
And she's a favorite of Her Majesty the Queen.
And who is that student?
Beatrice.
She's from a low-ranking noble family.
Princess makes no attempts to be unnecessarily friendly with anyone but her.
That actually makes things harder than if she rejected everyone.
How do we capture her?
Good question.
We'll launch a surprise attack.
Surprise?
Two party dresses? As soon as possible?
Authorized. Send the dresses.
It's good to see you again.
You are as beautiful as ever.
As expected from the Foreign Secretary, some of these party guests are from the West.
So? What's this surprise attack, then?
There's about to be a happening.
And you're going to cause it?
Hey!
What are we?
Spies. Creatures who live by lying.
Emergency orders!
You're cutting it rather close.
I can't recommend giving these agents orders not related to Operation: Changeling.
This is an emergency! Do you want to start a war with Northern Europe?
I understand the military's sense of urgency.
We will dispose of the stolen blueprints
before Foreign Affairs Committee Member Morgan delivers them to the West.
We have pinpointed their location.
They are in a bank vault in Zurich.
The Duke of Normandy will arrive in 30 minutes to complete the transaction.
A and D will recover the key to the vault before he does.
What a time to get a rush job.
Princess will have to wait for now.
So who is this MP?
In the back, on the left.
With the delegation from the West.
All right, back me up.
What's your plan?
There's no time.
I'm taking the direct approach.
So the miners in my Bal were...
Are you Mr. Morgan?
Hm?
I was hoping you would tell me about the West.
Uh, yes...
If I might be so bold, may I have this dance?
I'm sorry.
He already promised me.
Caitlin!
Over here!
You're already taken?
What a shame. You're just my type.
They all walk at a rate of 80 paces a minute.
So they're former soldiers from the Highlanders.
I can't believe they already have him guarded.
Five against two. And we're in enemy territory.
We couldn't ask for worse conditions.
The Duke of Normandy will be here in less than 20 minutes.
How are we supposed to take the key?
Keys are small; he could be keeping it anywhere.
We just have to make sure the enemy doesn't get it, right?
You're going to kill him?
We're spies, not assassins.
I'll use this to get close to Princess.
Hey, Princess isn't our top priority.
I know.
So I'm going to get both of them at once.
That's finally over.
It happens all the time.
Being a princess can be quite tiresome.
Hello!
Have we met before?
This is the first time.
But I've known your face for ages.
Of course you have! Her Highness is...
What's your name?
Ange.
I don't suppose... we could be friends?
I'm rather a dull person.
I don't think you would enjoy my friendship.
No, I would.
Why do you say so?
Because we're complete opposites.
Very well...
Let's be friends.
Thank you, Princess!
Your Highness!
Hey, you!
What have you done?
Oh, I'm so sorry!
I'm so clumsy!
Excuse me, is there an empty room we could use?
I really am terribly sorry.
Not at all, Ange.
I've just requested another gown.
Princess, may I take care of this dress?
I'll clean it up for you in no time!
That's impossible!
Look at how big that stain is!
You can make it good as new?
Yes!
I figured it out, Ange.
That special wine of yours was organic dye.
Which means you can clean it instantly with bleach.
It helped us get close to the princess,
so it's two birds with one stone.
In the short time you're borrowing her dress, YOU will be the princess.
Some things may be impossible for Dorothy or Ange...
I'd heard all the talk.
But now I'm starting to think this Operation: Changeling might work.
Isn't the Duke of Normandy here yet?
I could take charge of that key.
No.
I must give it to him in person, and get him to guarantee my asylum,
or I'll have no peace of mind.
As you wish.
Pleased to meet you.
Mr. Morgan.
Princess.
Would you be so kind as to share this dance with me?
Of course, Princess.
Yes.
It would be my pleasure.
It's an honor to dance with you, Your Highness.
I'm sorry if I insulted your wife.
What?
Oh, no, she isn't my wife.
Oh, I thought you had married a younger woman.
My wife is my own age. We grew up together.
She must be very headstrong.
She used to scold me all the time.
You're not careful,
you're just a coward, she'd say.
You want to live with your family again.
That's why you chose to defect, isn't it?
Wh-what gave you that idea? I...
Your breathing sounds different on the right than it does on the left.
Your right lung is ailing, isn't it?
You want to spend your final days with your family.
Isn't that right?
Say, Beatrice.
If you knew an angel and a devil,
which do you think would tell lies?
What?
That would be the devil, wouldn't it?
Angels are messengers of God, so they can only tell the truth.
In that case...
I would want to be friends with the devil.
You come from West Country, don't you, Minister?
How do you know that?
I heard you call your coal mine a Bal.
That's a Cornish term.
And if you grew up with your wife, then is she from Cornwall, too?
There aren't many people there, but it's beautiful country.
It sounds like the perfect place to spend your remaining years.
I can help your wife defect to Cornwall.
But that's...!
Please, keep the key to the vault. Take it home with you.
I can't. I'm surrounded by Normandy's men.
Then I'll hold on to the key for you.
If you don't have it, they can't take it.
I will deliver the key to you later, along with your wife.
Princess,
what guarantee do I have that you wouldn't misuse the blueprints?
Do you have that guarantee from the Duke of Normandy?
If you must depend on someone, wouldn't you rather choose a goddess?
Princess.
I will carry the memory of this day with me the rest of my life.
As will I.
It's incredible, Ange!
The wine stain is all gone.
I used to help with the washing back in the country.
Now, Ange.
Don't you think it's about time you told me?
What business do spies from the West have with me?
No!
I know I'm not familiar with your city ways, but please stop teasing me!
Me, a spy...
My uncle, the Duke of Normandy, will be here soon.
You know him, don't you?
He directs all the spies in our kingdom.
What do you want?
Ange!
No! You mean it's true?
Not so loud, Beatrice.
People will hear us.
But...
What are you after?
I want to be Queen.
Your Highness?
You're fourth in line to the throne.
With your help, couldn't I be first?
You would sell out your kingdom?
I'm sorry, Beatrice.
I'm actually one of the bad ones.
You're asking too much!
We're not in a position to make that call.
Then please give a message to the people who are.
Tell them I want them to join me.
Should the answer be anything other than yes,
I won't hesitate to expose you both.
Please, wait until the Duke of Normandy arrives!
I'm not feeling well.
I'll talk to the Duke another day.
You can't do this!
Touch me and you'll be in breach of diplomacy!
I-I still belong to the West!
Is there a problem?
The Duke of Normandy...
The chairman says he's not feeling well, and would like to go home.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
You've done enough today. Go back to the embassy and get some rest.
Thank you for your understanding.
He's been shot!
The MP has been shot!
By the authority of the Home Secretary, I order you to seal all roads leading out of here!
Search the persons of every Kingdom citizen inside the building!
Y-yes, Sir!
Your Grace?
I missed his vital organs.
As long as he has his brain and his mouth, we can question him if we have to.
I thought so.
Search every corner of the manor.
Someone in there has that key.
Yes, Sir!
There has been an emergency!
Please follow the Home Secretary's instructions!
We are going to search each one of you!
How dreadful!
We ask for your full cooperation! How dreadful!
We ask for your full cooperation!
Get rid of the key.
If there's no proof, you can talk your way out of this.
Our orders are to get the key.
That will be the least of your concerns if you get caught.
True, but there's still a way.
Beatrice.
But...
Surely they wouldn't search the princess.
You want to give it to me?
In exchange, I'll drag that'yes' out of our superiors.
Princess has offered us a deal.
If we don't comply, she has threatened to expose A and D.
If Princess knows who they are, then Operation: Changeling is doomed.
If A and D are arrested, the key to that vault will fall into Normandy's hands.
Then answer her demands!
How did you know?
Do I really need to tell you?
You're a crafty woman.
You are speaking to royalty!
You mustn't blame her.
We are enemies at the moment.
And you don't expect that to last?
My hunches are always right.
I doubt Princess could have discovered our spies without help.
There may be some greater power working behind her.
Keep your analyses to yourself.
This is a serious international issue.
If it gets out that we're breaking the treaty,
our little dispute may not stay so little.
If we're not careful, we could start a world war!
How will I know the answer?
There's a chapel on top of the hill. If the answer is yes, its bell will chime.
And if it's no?
The bell will chime. You can count on it.
Well, then. I'll wait.
Forgive my interruption.
Are these schoolmates of yours, Charlotte?
Oh, how do you do, Uncle?
Yes, they are my friends.
I don't believe I've seen those two before.
When you're the Home Secretary, you tend to remember people's faces.
On behalf of the army, I order you to accept the princess' demands!
She could be a double agent.
We cannot overlook the risks of having a mole on the inside.
Unfortunately, I cannot make exceptions for Her Highness' friends.
Speak!
It's from A!
If we determine that there is a possibility of an intelligence leak,
I will kill Princess!
Now you. Excuse me.
Church bells?
At this time of night? Why?
Uncle. At this time of night? Why?
I'm afraid I'll be excusing myself.
Are you sure you don't want to be here for this?
None of my friends would ever do anything wrong.
Isn't that right?
Of course, Your Highness.
Control is desperately searching within the organization for the traitor.
They can't figure out how you knew we were spies.
That's simple.
I knew, because you told me.
It's been ten years.
