One Strike.
One strike...
It's necessary to hit the enemy's vital point in one strike.
You suck.
All right.
Hey! What are you doing?
Writing a letter to a friend.
Load all the cargo from my country into hatch number three!
Damage anything, and you pay for it!
Honestly...
Why must I direct the loading of cargo?
Cut it out.
Huh?
Your gaze is such a nuisance, I can't hear the voice of God.
Is that so? What a pious minister you are.
Then I'm sure you must love this verse...
Dust to dust.
Genesis 3:19.
While everyone else is scattered upon the land,
it's our duty to protect this ship.
Did you forget that?
Are you sure you aren't the one who has forgotten?
It is my sacred duty to pass judgment on sinners.
Guild Operative Nathaniel H.
They will atone for their sins with their lives.
Ability: The Scarlet Letter
Or do you wish for atonement as well?
Guild Apprentice Margaret M.
You aren't even worthy of polishing my shoes.
Ability: Gone with the Wind
Um... Excuse me
Th-This letter was found among the cargo.
Dear Guild
A letter?
Dear Sir and Madam...
I hope this letter finds you in the best of health.
Rintarou, you jerk! Idiot!
I write regarding the recent military conflict.
While it may sound presumptuous,
I wish to inform you of the Guild assets that we will next obliterate.
Give me back my crayon!
These are the guild assets that we will next obliterate...
First, your luxury liner, the Zelda.
Second, the life of Mr. Nathaniel.
Third, the life of Ms. Margaret.
What?
Sincerely, Mori Ougai, Boss of the Port Mafia.
Obliterate us and the ship?
Unthinkable.
We'll depart once all cargo is on board.
How long?
About two more hours, I believe...
Get it done in thirty minutes.
Thirty minutes?!
You can have the freight helicopter unload
on the deck helipad while the regular loading is going on.
And strengthen security around the ship.
Are you serious?
This silly threat letter is just a prank.
Are you sure?
Given that our Guild has no base on land,
this ship is essentially our front-line base.
So what?
This moment, as we're replenishing supplies, is when we're most vulnerable.
Our enemy, this supernatural organization, may not be a threat to our lives
but should they launch a surprise attack, they could sink this ship.
Mr. Nathaniel.
Episode Eighteen
We've found a suspicious man.
He was found on the pier.
He tried to escape, so we restrained him.
He was carrying this.
He's just a thug from some island nation.
I saw your face pictured in a report,
Port Mafia Bomber.
Oh, who am I? Where am I?
I hear you once attempted to bomb a train, but were stopped by the Detective Agency.
That was an experiment!
Every failure is a valuable sample!
Shall I make a mummy out of him?
No, I already have a good idea of the enemy's hand.
He was, no doubt, in charge of planting a bomb.
What a shoddy organization.
His blood...
The Scarlet Letter is the Word of God...
A judgment ability that penalizes the immoral and leaves on them a mark that never fades.
W-Wait!
O-Okay, I get it! I surrender! I'll tell you everything!
The truth is, I'm an ambassador representing the commander-in-chief of the universe...
If you hurt me, you'll be in real trouble!
Oh, give me a break.
It appears that
you refuse to repent and atone for your sins.
These lemon-shaped bombs are your ability.
How truly foolish.
Even a common man can make bombs.
You thought you could sink this ship with an ability like this?
You've obviously underestimated the Guild.
May God's grace be with you.
We will now unload the supplies onto the ship.
God... God, eh?
Are you saying you can hear the voice of God?
Science is the only language that allows us to understand this universe God created.
The explosion didn't affect him?
I have bad news for you.
It's the job of you clergymen to believe,
but the very foundation of science is to question everything.
You should have questioned this bomb-making ability a bit more.
It is true that I made these bombs on my own time.
And my true gift is the ability to take no damage from lemon-shaped bombs!
Lemons! That beautiful spindle shape is the ultimate geometry,
as well as the destroyer of this tedious world!
On that note, here's a present for you from
the commander-in-chief of the universe and myself...
It can't be...
Everyone get away from the ship!
The ship...
Just who is that man?!
It appears the threat letter was no mere prank.
And two targets still remain.
The enemy will be upon us shortly.
We will engage them here.
If we stop their surprise attack,
no number of gifted enemies can be a match for us.
The Guild's gifted members are indeed formidable.
Even our elite would have a difficult time bringing them down.
Which is why...
I've just played my most eager, motivated piece.
This sea breeze is suffocating.
Let's get this over with quickly.
Are you a Port Mafia assassin?
How are you feeling, irmao of the Guild?
Pretty awful.
A bit like I've had a run-in with the devil spoken of in the Bible.
May I ask your name?
Diablo.
Then this must be Mount Hermon.
Are you a trial sent to test this humble servant's faith in God?
Is it a trial you want?
Then I'll give you one!
Do not call me irmao.
I am a minister, not some relic of ancient Rome!
Don't think that will be enough to test my faith,
you trash!
Repent, little guy of the Port Mafia!
Interesting!
The enemy's ability is intermediate-range matter manipulation,
both offensive and defensive?
That's similar to my own.
In that case...
The one whose ability holds the most potential will win!
Rashoumon
Rashoumon!
The Scarlet Letter!
The Scarlet Letter
Is that all you can do, irmao?
You are no devil at all.
What?
The blood on my coat is turning into writing?
You are merely a soulless beast that craves the flesh of the weak.
I'm sure you've only fought gifted enemies
who were weaker than you up until now.
The Port Mafia is nothing.
I will take back my family's honor!
My coat is falling apart...
A weathering ability?
I cannot lose to one like you,
who has never known defeat or humiliation!
Never known defeat, you say?
Margaret!
Defeat and humiliation are always with me.
I am a remnant, going through the darkness.
As such, despair of this nature
will not ruin me!
Not now...
That's not a wound caused by The Scarlet Letter.
Could it be... he was seriously injured when he came here?
This is nothing! Come at me!
Fight me with all you've got.
Otherwise, there was no point to me coming here!
Why would you go to such lengths?
My only hope is for one word.
A simple, trivial word from a certain person...
For the sake of hearing that word,
I have come through countless humiliating defeats!
This man is a ruthless killer from the Port Mafia,
yet at the same time, he longs deeply for something.
Something worth giving his life for...
And with an intensity that nearly rivals that of religious faith.
You asked me to fight with all I've got, yes?
I've changed my mind. I will grant your wish.
What?!
Rashoumon...
Jaws of Endless Gates!
Jaws of Endless Gates
Margaret...
People need to be told they're worthy of being alive by someone else, or they can't go on.
Why can't you understand such a simple thing?!
Those words...
I don't need you to tell me that. I already know.
Man, I'm so bored!
I wanna go outside!
Nothing out of the ordinary in the footage?
Just a bunch of nothing.
The only way to get into this hall
is through the underground railroad tunnel.
Even if the enemy does try to enter,
the security camera footage will tell us before they get here.
And there are lots of traps along the way, too.
War is so boring.
My emergency snacks ran out in half a day.
I know!
Hey, Yosano-san, let's play hanafuda on this!
Oh? What are we going to bet?
Attacking enemy bases always makes my heart dance with joy.
It's time for the next move. How go the preparations?
Everything is ready.
You have more than enough force to crush the Armed Detective Agency.
I look forward to hearing a superb melody.
What's the matter?
President, I think we should call back the defensive teams.
The enemy?
How many are attacking?
One.
Mii-chan...
As soon as this whole mess is over, I'll come for you, okay?
N-N-Naomi-chan!
Haruno-san...
I-I-I was working! Really!
We office workers are part of the company, too!
Tokyo Daily News
40 Killed, 300+ Injured in Cruise Liner Explosion at Yokohama Commercial Port
An explosion on a cruise liner at a commercial port in Yokohama?
That's not the Guild's ship, is it?
Then what caused the explosion?
It was the other enemy, the one who loves explosions.
The Agency may be his next target...
I hope my brother is safe...
Don't worry, Naomi-chan.
We know Mii-chan is okay, after all!
Please forget that.
Cameras 3, 4, and 8 have stopped transmitting.
Activate the automatic turrets!
You'd send these puppets to receive a special envoy?
You're so short-staffed, I could cry.
Could you send out something that's actually alive?
President...
Are you of the same opinion as I am?
Oh, come on...
Only two?
If you're dissatisfied with your reception, come back after making an appointment.
You think the Mafia needs an appointment to raise hell in an enemy base?
Oh! I don't think they do!
If you want to raise hell, have at it.
But that's not what you came here for.
Am I right?
How do you know?
We're a detective agency, you know.
What good would we be if we couldn't figure out a client's intentions at a glance?
Where's your president?
Over there.
Here's a present from my boss.
Those are...
Members of the Guild?
We reeled them in with bait.
The time and location they'll appear is written here.
You don't get many chances like this, do you?
You can get one over on that detestable Guild!
The chance to ambush gifted Guild members is indeed attractive...
I see. That's a titillating proposal.
Isn't it?
But I've got an even better one.
How about I hack off your limbs
and make you cough up your plans?
Now that's a brilliant idea.
Give it a try.
Kenji!
Got it!
Hi-yah!
Nice!
Watch out, now!
This is exactly what a job ought to be like!
What?!
That ability...
You're Nakahara Chuuya, the gravity manipulator, aren't you?
That damn Dazai must have blabbed...
He's standing upside-down, but his hat isn't falling off!
City folk really are amazing.
Now...
Who wants to fight against gravity?
Here's my answer, special envoy of the Port Mafia.
Huh?
It's true that if the Detective Agency defeats the Guild,
you will slash the enemy's strength without lifting a finger.
If you're lucky, the Detective Agency and the Guild might even take each other out.
But you have nothing to lose yourself.
Right?
If what you say is true, then yes.
Sheesh...
What are you hiding?
Nothing.
What action is the Port Mafia going to take?
They don't have to take any action.
I see. So that's what's going on.
The Guild must have suspected a trap, just like we do.
But they fell for it.
Because the bait was just too appetizing.
What did you use to bait the Guild?
No matter what nation you're in, being in the countryside soothes the soul.
So, the Port Mafia's gift is just ahead.
This is obviously a trap to lure us out. Why should we go?
Because the bait's so appealing.
If we succeed in the abduction,
we've basically defeated the Detective Agency.
You used our office staff as bait?!
You can still get them out of there in time.
Plus, the Guild has no idea that you're about to act.
It'll be an easy win.
Is anything he's said untrue?
No, unfortunately.
Times like these are when the truth is the most effective.
Even if they know it's a pitfall, the Agency will still fall right into it.
My boss's words.
Order the office staff to evacuate immediately.
And...
Put me through to Kunikida.
We're the only ones who can get to them in time?
Right...
Right. We'll head straight there.
The president?
Yeah.
What'd he say?
Episode Nineteen Will of Ty coon
We're going head-to-head with the Guild.
