I'm sorry.
This is the best I could do right now.
Why did this have to happen?
Rune information particles.
You're saying that they are your food?
Humans are full of Runes! Memories, the past?
And life!
Which means, once you've devoured their memories,
you move on to the information that is their life.
What does he mean, food?!
Why did Marie have to die because of you?
Not me. It was the Valvrave that killed her.
It's the same thing!
The ones to blame are the humans who sealed me in here.
So they could use Runes.
What are you saying?
So, JIORan scientists turned you into an engine.
Through you, the Valvrave collects and uses Runes.
Yes, yes! That's why it's not my fault!
I do eat a little, though...
What she's saying is probably true.
Professor?
Marie's postmortem showed an extremely low concentration
of kynurenic acid in her brain and red blood cells in her blood.
Far too low for someone who was healthy immediately beforehand.
That's probably evidence that her Runes had been eaten.
And you, Tokishima.
Your physical exams show the same
symptoms as Marie, although much less pronounced.
Are you saying I...
If you go on piloting the Valvrave, you'll end up just like Marie.
An empty husk.
Huh? Am I in the right...
Huh? Who are you?
Me? I'm...
Hey, who are you?
Uh, I'm...
You there! Mystery man!
Where did you guys...
Haruto.
Huh?
Haruto... Oh, right, I'm Haruto.
Do you know me?
Haruto... Haruto...
Who's Haruto?
You...
Get back! Stay away from me!
Who am I?! What are you?!
Tokishima! Tokishima!
There's an alert, so please launch in your Valvrave.
Valvrave...
Unit 5 goes first! Got that, Haruto?
Hm? Hey! Haruto!
Haruto, what are you doing?
Sorry!
Are you okay? Can you stand?
Yes, I'm fine.
Hey! Stand aside! I'm going first!
There's no need.
Huh?
But we have incoming enemies!
We don't.
I'm the one who sounded the false alarm.
Before the operation, I needed to ascertain whether or
not our weapons were functioning properly.
That jerk was testing me...
We are entering into a temporary partnership with the Dorssian Royalists.
Dorssian Royalists?
They want the royalty-based political system that existed before the coup.
Put simply, an anti-government organization.
They offered to provide us with supplies, didn't they?
Why would they want to work with us?
It's simple.
The Royalists need our help as much as we need theirs.
A Dorssian submarine known as The Phantom.
Their condition for giving us supplies is that we destroy this.
Now I get it.
We scratch their back, they scratch ours.
The operation is set to commence in 32 hours.
I will tell everyone their work assignments one hour from now.
An operation, huh?
Hey, wait!
Shouldn't looking for Miss Rukino come first?
She's still missing, remember?
Remember this.
The most important thing for a soldier is to come home alive.
You're hurt!
It's nothing to be concerned about.
Compared to your life, this is trivial.
He saved my life? Back during the cave-in?
Good workout!
Isn't this early for you?
I've been known to come in early sometimes.
I hear that they located A-drei.
I heard, I heard.
They said his injuries weren't very severe, either.
That's good to hear.
That guy has the devil's own luck.
For former royalty, he's got a knack for survival.
Survival, huh?
You, on the other hand, don't.
Who was it who forced me to survive?
Huh?
That incident 12 years ago.
Don't you remember?
Oh, right!
That was the first time I'd ever felt
death breathing down my neck.
Man, what a disaster that was.
We were sent out to eliminate a terrorist group,
but you'd only equipped us with handguns.
What? You're the one who rushed out ahead of us without
a proper weapon, H-neun!
My intent was to be meticulous in my preparations.
Oh? Was it, now?
You're the who says crazy things about not going by the book.
You were a bookworm then, and you're a bookworm now.
You probably just took too long to get ready.
You instantly forget things when it's in your best interest to do so.
Fine, fine.
We came this close to dying.
I guess we had the devil's own luck, too.
You're wrong. What saved us was Captain Cain.
The words he said to us that day still echo deep inside me.
He's such an amazing man.
Oh, right...
I'm not going to make the afternoon meeting.
Write up a report for me.
You have something more important to do?
Yes, the Captain wants to see me.
I'm being sent to a manor in the Grunau district.
Grunau!
What is it?
Forget it, it's nothing. Watch your back.
What am I, a kid?
Grunau...
I have to fight.
Shoko, no, everyone, is counting on me.
I have to find Miss Rukino, too, but I...
Not good. You're the same. Like her.
The same how?
Runes decreasing. Are you body-jacking?
Because you are eating them.
Will eventually lose memories. Lose life.
That doesn't matter.
What's important is that you answer my question.
Are modified JIORans the only ones who can pilot the Valvraves?
Modified?
I mean Sakimori Academy students.
Oh. Maybe.
All the others. All of them were no good.
Made me feel sick.
You won't work, either. You don't look very tasty.
People call it the Castle of No Return.
It's a manor that Cain visits regularly when he's off duty.
As I recall, it's located in the Grunau district...
Just as I thought. I'm glad I heard you out.
There's a constant stream of bizarre rumors about the place.
Even its name comes from the fact that
people who are brought there are never seen again.
It's that dangerous, huh?
I'd love to look into it, but I have more pressing matters at the moment.
Look, could you give me the exact location?
We have plans in motion. Don't do anything stupid.
Relax, it's not like that.
I'm about to get my hands on some juicy intel,
so I want to memorize potentially important keywords.
Are you sure it's a good idea to bench two of us pilots?
Perhaps not, but you are the best choice to search for Saki Rukino.
Your hand-to-hand combat abilities are second only to my own.
And hacking will prove useful in the search.
You win.
Plus, you're the only one other than me who can recognize
Rukino in her jacked body.
Akira!
Listen, don't drink any unboiled water. And do you have your cell phone?
I have it.
Are you sure you don't want me to stay behind?
You will be working with me independently. On an operation.
Otamaya! Prep all the Valvraves so that they can be
powered up at a moment's notice.
The Phantom, a ship that doesn't exist in Dorssian records,
and whose intended use is unknown.
The Royalists lack the equipment to track anything in the water.
And that's why they needed our help, huh?
If we can find out which waterway it is using, tracking it will be simple.
The people behind the scenes have let their guard down.
What's that the emblem of?
I've never seen it, either.
It's a crest that doesn't belong to the military or the royal family.
I'm going to expose you for what you really are...
Stolen transport located.
All soldiers on guard duty, assemble at once.
I repeat, stolen transport has been located.
All soldiers on guard duty, assemble at once.
That's convenient.
That will thin out the castle's security.
I'll be using you to my advantage, my good students...
We will need another impact booster up ahead, eh?
Another crest here...
X, I know that you worship the ground that Captain Cain walks on.
I know that you have no intention of listening to me.
But even so, I want to tell you this.
I saw something.
I saw him do something that no ordinary person could do.
That's when I was certain that the Captain isn't human.
H-neun.
As I thought, you really do have a keen sense of smell.
But if this mission was so important,
you shouldn't have tried to carry it out alone.
Um, I was invited to come here, but I arrived early.
Did you now?
That's unusual, for someone as constantly tardy as you.
Did you come alone?
It's crucial to have
someone you can trust watching your back at all times, H-neun.
Huh? That's an out of character thing for you to say.
That day you saved us 12 years ago, you said something to us.
Are you all right?
Y-Yes, sir.
Never ask a friend to watch your back.
Have the strength to defend both your own back and your friends.
Yes, Captain!
Yet here you are, saying the exact opposite.
X-eins would cry if he heard that.
I see, so this man said something like that?
This man?
I've gone and damaged my collection.
We've identified the control room, engine room, and auxiliary power room.
However, this one hatch isn't on the ship's schematics.
What's behind it?
We'll know when we open it.
Chancellor? What are you doing here?
What's your squad?
Have you met with Cain?
What's my squad?
This uniform says I'm from Karlstein!
Karlstein?
What are you doing here?
I don't need to answer you.
What about the ritual? Haven't you started yet?
It talked?!
Is this part of the entertainment, Cain?
No, please pardon his poor manners.
Do show some restraint, won't you?
Tonight is a rather important ritual.
What the heck is this?
This light is the same as the Valvraves and Pino.
I don't believe it, they're harvesting Runes?
Does this mean that Runes weren't
a theory that JIOR discovered independently?
Dorssia wants Runes, too... So why?
Although acquiring the enormous quantity
of Runes needed for the ritual was no easy task,
that ship has served us well.
Another large shipment will arrive today.
Cain. Surely this isn't the man.
I believe I requested a young intellectual.
No, sir, I'm aware of that.
The young flesh I have arranged for you will arrive here soon.
I don't believe it...!
Rejoice, H-neun!
X-eins' flesh will soon belong to my comrade.
Bastard!
I think it's time for a gun salute, don't you?
Are you satisfied?
With simply averting your eyes from reality?
What do you mean?
This doesn't change the fact that Dorssia is
harvesting Runes for some goal of its own.
Destroying this ship will only create a Phantom II and a Phantom III.
So you're saying it would only cause more casualties.
You are free to run away.
But the world will continue turning, unchanged.
What do you expect me to do about it?
These tremors... Cannon fire?
I thought this location was supposed to be safe!
Calm down!
Opening right rear hatch.
Unit 5, launching!
I'll block the cannon fire for now!
Satomi, take up position behind me!
Can't you swat them down?
All these at once?!
We have to head back. I can use Unit 1 too
That won't be necessary.
Satomi Renbokoji! Do you read me?
L-elf? I read you!
Haruto Tokishima is injured. I want you to pilot Unit 1.
Tokishima's hurt?
What's the matter?
Are you going to sit there trembling,
waiting for your dear little sister to return?
Hey! L-elf! L-elf!
Don't interfere.
What do you think you're doing?!
Every student at that academy
ought to have the aptitude to pilot a Valvrave.
That's not what I meant!
Getting into it will turn him into a
He won't die right away. You are walking proof of that.
I have plenty of pawns.
If I set up a rotation among
the students to share Unit 1 piloting duties,
we won't have to worry about one pilot suffering from Rune deficiency.
It's the birth of an unkillable fighting force.
Are you kidding me?!
You knew all this would happen, didn't you?
That's why you got me and Yamada away from the transport!
Don't get the wrong idea.
You're no longer a viable combatant.
What?
I don't have the luxury of entrusting Unit 1
to a coward who can't bring himself to fight.
You don't... You don't know what it's like!
You don't know how it feels to know that you
might lose your memories and then your life!
Then do you know what it's like for me?
To be unable to wield this power?
If I only had a Valvrave, I could...
My heat's almost maxed out!
Just like you said,
if I turn a blind eye and run away, the world won't change.
In which case, I
Crap, if this keeps up...
He's running?
Haruto! Where are you going?!
No, it's the right move.
Another 50, 40, 30, 20...
Go!
The bedrock in this area was severely softened
by the use of the Harakiri Blade in the last battle.
In addition, an existing volcano with high magma content,
the groundwater temperature, the impact on the terrain;
the conclusion these factors lead me to is...
I won't hand it over to anyone. I won't share it, either.
This curse belongs to no one but me!
Prepare yourself, then.
I'm going to use you until you burn out.
I don't care if I burn out. Before my body falls apart,
I'm...
Captain! Are you all right?
The volcanic eruption is enough to
What in the world happened in here?
Isn't... that H-neun's?
I do feel terrible about him, X-eins.
Sir? What you do mean?
I suppose we have to start the ritual all over again.
I need to make arrangements for a new food source.
Next time, episode 18, A Father's Wish.
Valvrave the Liberator...
The system that will expose the truth of the world.
