With her death, Asseylum Vers Allusia, loyal countryman and beloved family member,
has revealed the truth to us.
Through her pious act, she has opened our eyes.
We are meting out justice. The Earth has spat upon our good faith,
heaped insult upon insult, and now committed this atrocity!
This is divine retribution brought down upon them!
Today, the Vers Empire declares war against Earth!
All clear in Block 63B.
All clear in Block 63C.
There's no sign that he has escaped from the castle!
Track him down!
Yes, sir!
Damn that boy... How dare he use the audience chamber without permission?
When he's found, execute him on the spot!
Abide a moment, Count Cruhteo.
Milord Saazbaum.
He is the son of Dr. Troyard.
I wish to question him regarding his father's Aldnoah research.
Might I trouble you to take him alive?
All right... Please tell me what happened after that.
Tell me about the orange Kataphrakt that Sir Vlad had been pursuing.
Grandfather... Why?
A formal declaration of war, huh?
Just when we heard there was going to be a cease-fire, too.
The war never stopped.
Lt. Marito...
We all pretended not to notice, that's all.
Just like the old fart said, that princess' death opened our eyes to the truth.
That isn't true! I...
Princess Asseylum has no desire for war!
She tried to act as a bridge of friendship between Earth and Vers!
And she ended up being the spark that set it off.
This is what they've always dreamed of.
Some righteous cause that would let them pull out all the stops.
Are you saying that the Martians sacrificed their own princess?
Everyone, your attention, please!
Everyone assemble in the briefing room!
What's up, Yuki?
Please address me as Warrant Officer Kaizuka.
We're now officially at war with them, too.
As of right now, you are drafted into service as soldiers.
That means that you are to adhere to military rules and regulations,
and are now obligated to carry out whatever duties you are ordered to perform.
I look forward to seeing you put all that you have learned to good use,
go into battle with courage in your hearts,
and come into your own as warriors who safeguard the peace and order of Earth.
This ship will now resupply and make repairs at Tanegashima Base.
Afterwards, we will most likely head for United Earth HQ in Russia.
All right, everyone, man your stations immediately.
That is all. Dismissed.
Soma Yagarai, age 28. My specialties are surgery and psychosomatic medicine.
If you ever need counseling, my door is always open.
Thank you for your help. We can use all the doctors we can get.
So you see, my big sister Seylum has been too sick to go to school for the longest time.
If you'll excuse me, then.
Oh, is that so?
Isn't that right, Your Highness?
Y-Yes!
That is why Her Highness never received any military training.
She is far too frail to be a soldier.
Oh...
I, on the other hand, can pilot a Kat!
When you're all grown up, please do, okay?
I will!'Bye, now!
Why do you call your sister Your Highness?
B-Because to me, Seylum is my beloved princess!
P-Please forgive my familiar tone, Milady.
That's quite all right, thank you.
And what about you?
How old are you? Everyone who had military training in high school is being drafted.
I was kept out of school... for family reasons.
I see. Well, even if you're not fighting at the front,
there are plenty of things you can help with at the rear.
If you like, you could even support everyone as a volunteer.
Don't you want to do your part to defend Earth from the Martians?
Why am I a maintenance worker instead of a pilot?!
You did flunk piloting, Calm..
Mechanics are just as crucial to the war. Without them, the Kats won't work.
How am I supposed to waste those guys if I'm stuck in the hangar?!
Hey, don't be so gung-ho.
These past 15 years, no one's seen any real action.
Those who did are all dead.
On the Martian side, too.
Meaning that friend and foe alike are all virgins, same as you.
Not all of us.
Inaho, are you saying you-
You lived through it, Lt. Marito. Isn't that right?
Oh, you mean that.
The scorebook says otherwise.
The Tanegashima Report I wrote got buried.
Tanegashima Report?
It's where the fragments first fell when the Moon was destroyed
during Heaven's Fall 15 years ago.
Yeah... But something came down there before the Moon did.
Martians.
We went up against those monster Martian Kataphrakts in obsolete tanks.
We were wiped out.
Right after that, the Hyper Gate went out of control on the Moon,
Heaven's Fall was set off by the spacetime quake,
and those Martian bastards wiped out the entire battlefield.
There's no physical evidence.
My report was made out to be the ramblings of a madman written in terror.
But it was the truth.
Mars' Kataphrakts are way beyond what Earth's technology can produce.
Either way, the end result will be the same.
Because Earth doesn't have Aldnoah drives.
Aldnoah drives...
Fugitive located! He's in the Sky Carrier hangar!
Do not let him escape.
Damn him... How long is he going to continue making me look the fool?
The basics are the same as the trainer... Even with the higher output,
if gravity and surface hardness remain the same,
its agility will only decrease to the extent that its weight increases.
I'll just have to acclimate.
So this is where you were, Inaho.
Yes.
It truly is lovely...
Is a blue sky that unusual to you?
Yes... Are you studying?
I'm brushing up. I'm not sure how useful it will be, though.
Why is that?
Because we don't have Aldnoah.
What's this Aldnoah thing, anyway?
Aldnoah is technology belonging to a supercivilization that was discovered in ancient ruins on Vers,
the world your people call Mars.
The first Terran to make contact and awaken it
was Dr. Rayregalia Vers Rayvers,
my grandfather and ruling emperor of Vers.
Aldnoah, activated after so many eons,
recognized Grandfather as its rightful heir
and burned the Aldnoah activation factor into his very genes.
Which means that...
Yes. The only ones with the innate ability to activate Aldnoah are grandfather
and his descendants.
In exchange for the knights swearing fealty to him,
he gave them Aldnoah and its activation factor.
Using that power, the knights created
mighty castles and Kataphrakts and ruled over the colonies.
And now, those who settled the desolate lands of Mars have set their eyes...
on Earth.
The cradle of all humanity, a land blessed with water and air in such abundance
that they refract light to make the sea and sky appear blue.
That isn't true.
The blue sky isn't caused by diffraction, but through the effects of Rayleigh scattering.
But Slaine said it was caused by light diffraction...
The sky is blue from Rayleigh scattering, clouds are white from Mie scattering.
Your friend was mistaken.
Excuse me!
Would it be okay if I took over?
You're a real go-getter, aren't you?
I just want to get a feel for it.
What did you get in Docking?
Um, A-minus... sir.
When we come into port, stand next to me and watch.
Also, take your hands out of your sleeves.
Y-Yes, sir! Sorry, sir. Thank you, sir.
Aren't we going to get uniforms?
We don't have enough. I'm hoping we can stock up at the next port.
It doesn't really feel right...
Why go to Tanegashima, though?
I thought this area had been sealed off.
With our intel on their Landing Castles so spotty now,
we'd like to avoid any areas that are likely invasion targets.
Tanegashima is an area that was devastated so badly that the very landscape was altered.
Even now, there is no civilian population here.
So you think the Martians that came down in Tokyo
won't bother attacking anything this far out?
I never thought I'd come back here like this.
Isn't it a bit early for that?
This isn't for me. It's for the ones who can't drink anymore.
Like John Humeray?
And...
This one is for me.
I'm jumping off the wagon. Want a belt, Doc?
I think I will.
Mind if I join you?
Capt. Magbaredge.
The Tanegashima Report. I've heard rumors about it, of course.
But I never once believed it was a fabrication.
And that's exactly why, Lt. Marito...
That's why I have a particular dislike for you.
That battle on Tanegashima... My big brother fought in it, too.
He was killed in action. Murdered, rather. By you.
Magbaredge is the name of the family that adopted me.
My birth name was Humeray.
Your best friend was my brother.
Enemy craft above Tanegashima!
Anti-air combat! Take us out to open water!
Maximum combat speed,
hard right rudder!
M-Me, ma'am?!
Damage report!
Missile impact, Block 18! No detonation!
Appears to be a dud- No, wait!
What is it?!
It's moving... It's alive!
What the hell was that?!
It's coming back!
Helm not responding!
We're going to collide!
All hands, brace for impact!
Entering my territory without so much as a by your leave?
Such atrocious manners.
I must rake you over the coals. Rather hot ones.
What is it doing this far out?
This must be a different Martian than the one in Tokyo.
Order the shipboard Kats to launch.
Friesian Platoon, launch!
Raising elevator 1.
Calm!
This one isn't powering up.
Sorry! We're running a systems check on that!
Give us a minute!
It's kinda cramped in here...
Inaho?
Force feedback checking program, start.
Ejection seat functional. IFF confirmed.
Tactical datalink, activated.
All systems green.
Mustang Leader to Mustang 22.
Nao, you're in a trainer, so you be our marksman.
Yuki? But your arm is still-
If my newbie is fighting, I can't sit this out, can I?
Warrant Officer Kaizuka!
Yuki is fine.
Over and out!
Unbelievable.
Mustang Leader, Warrant Officer Yuki Kaizuka, now launching!
Raising elevator 2 and vehicle elevator.
Friesian Platoon, deploy on the bow. Mustang Platoon, you're on the stern.
All units, intercept airborne flying weapons!
I almost feel sorry for you,
you inferior race that does not possess the Aldnoah drive.
Cower before my power, bow down before me,
and then despair and die!
Fly, my messengers!
Spread out! If you're clustered too tight, you'll be sitting ducks!
Damn, they're tough!
My fists are transformed into a single molecule. Your bullets are useless against them.
Mustang Leader to all units! AP rounds ineffective against enemy's armor!
All units, switch over to HE rounds and attack!
- R-Roger! - Roger.
Crap!
Lt. Marito! Where are you going?
I'm playing my home field again! I can take to the field, right?
Or maybe this is an away game...
Inko, watch our back!
Roger!
On your feet! You're a sitting duck there!
Y-Yes, ma'am! Sorry, Inaho! Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Is this one good to go?
Lt. Marito? No, that one's still being tuned!
But it runs, right? I just need it to fire one shot.
Get a heavy barrel ready for it!
Damn... it...
Oh, come on! What the hell?!
Block 24 hit! Blocks 23, 24, and 25 taking on water!
Evacuate the affected blocks immediately.
But if we don't seal the bulkheads, we-
It's all right.
The ship is done for, anyway.
Abandon ship, noncombatants first!
Get the landing craft prepped for launch ASAP!
What?
This way, everyone!
Please be careful, Milady!
Thank you.
Enemy unit overhead is in a nosedive!
Three others closing in from our flanks!
They appear to be accelerating from a distance to build up speed!
It's on a collision course with the bridge!
I have toyed with you for long enough. Now, die!
Here it comes!
What happened?
Direct hit! Next, 3 mil right!
Not even HE rounds can destroy those things' armor plating.
But...
No sign of movement in primary enemy craft!
Next! Left 7 mil!
Direct hit! Last!
We won't make it...
Out of ammo?
Captain...
This is the end.
What was that?!
Huh? We're alive?
That's...
