Nishimi... Nishimi...
You're back at the head of the class.
I was worried with your grades dropping there for a while,
but it looks like you've straightened out your act.
Maybe it's because entrance exams are looming...
Pass it here!
I never thought they'd agree to open up the roof, but they went right for it.
I heard a third-year thug was monopolizing the key up'til now.
Hi! Richie-boy! I'm playing volleyball with the girls.
How about joining in?
No. I'll pass.
Richie-boy!
I know you're lonely without Kawabuchi-kun, but you've got to get over it.
You're right. Thanks.
Mukae-san!
I bet you're looking for Nishimi-kun?
No, that's okay.
It's cold!
I love milkshakes when it starts getting cold outside!
Hey, Ritsuko-san? Are you awake?
Yeah.
Could it be you're worried about Kawabuchi-kun after he disappeared?
Y-Yeah, there's that, too...
I know! It's Nishimi-san, isn't it?
Like, you haven't been able to talk at all or go home together recently?
Ri-chan, you can't just wait.
You need to make things happen yourself...
Hey, look!
Isn't that Nishimi-san?
Ri-chan...
Were you eating sweets?
You've got whipped cream on your mouth.
Um, Kaoru-san... You're not coming to the basement today, either?
No. Sorry.
With entrance exams coming up, I've decided not to go for a while.
I see. Yeah, that makes sense.
Tell Pops that I'm sorry for not being able to come.
Well, see you...
Wait!
Kaoru-san, um... Why not study at my place?
The shop's closed today? Where's your dad?
He's off buying up stock, so it's just me today.
Give me a second. I'll clean up here.
That one's my favorite photo. I always have it out here.
Both of you look so happy in the picture.
Look at Sentaro's face...
Stop talking about him.
Shall we get started? English and Math, right?
So first of all, the word order is reversed.
This so comes before, and the subject and verb change places.
What?
Um... I'm sorry about before.
I wasn't thinking about how you felt when I showed you that photo...
Since Sentaro left, you're the one it's hit the hardest, isn't it?
I'm fine.
He may not be around, but I've still got you, Ri-chan.
W-Wait, Kaoru-san!
Don't! Hey...
Kaoru-san, w-wait...
I'm glad he's gone.
Now I can be alone with you whenever I want.
Stop it!
How...? How could you say that?
You're happy that Sentaro is gone...?
Even if you're joking, I don't want to hear such a thing!
I'm sorry about that...
Ri-chan, I haven't been able to say this before...
I'll go home for today.
I'm scum!
The lowest of the low!
Dammit! Why did things turn out like this?!
East High Graduation
They didn't call Kawabuchi-kun's name, huh?
What's the difference? Everyone's going their own way.
We'll all forget being here in no time.
Nishimi-kun...
I won't ever forget you two's performance at the school festival last year!
Excuse me...
Maruo-san? Could I have the second button on your jacket?
Sure, if you'd be satisfied with mine...
I'm thrilled!
I wasn't sure if I'd be able to ask you...
I was crying my eyes out...
I'm so happy!
Farewell and good riddance to this damned slope!
Don't go trudging up the thing tomorrow out of habit!
I see...
So you're going off to a college in Tokyo too, huh, Richie-rich?
Well, it'll probably get a little lonely around here...
Nah, we can't get gloomy about it.
It's great news, isn't it?
Oh, that's right. Ritsuko was accepted at the college here.
Hey, Ritsuko! Come down!
Richie-rich got into college! Hey!
Ri-chan! You can stay there, but just listen!
I'm sorry about that day!
You may not want to hear anything from me, but just let me say this!
The reason I started coming here is because I wanted to see your smile!
Ri-chan, your smile always encouraged me, even when things were rough.
I never knew that feeling before meeting you...
Thank you, Ri-chan. Meeting you was a blessing.
Call us as soon as you get there.
I will.
Kaoru-kun, write me, okay?
Thank you for your patience.
Thank you for everything.
The sleeper express train, Sakura, will depart for Tokyo on track one.
Its next stop will be Haiki.
All passengers, please get on board.
Hey!
I made it in time!
Here, a little going-away gift.
Thanks, Pops.
Um... Is Ri-chan...
Nope. But there's a lunch in there that Ritsuko made for you.
Well, take care, Richie.
I will. You too, Pops!
See you again!
Ri-chan!
It's okay.
When you're sick, you're apt to lose heart,
but like they say, sickness and health start with the mind.
Doctor, you have a good head on your shoulders for someone so young.
Oh, no... I'm still a rookie.
Dr. Nishimi, we've got an emergency.
Okay, I'll be right there!
Hey, there's a free bed in the nap room.
Why don't you get a little rest?
No, if I lie down now, it's all over.
I won't be able to come back.
Yeah, being a resident on the night shift is even harder than I heard it'd be.
It takes a lot of stamina.
Tell me about it...
Our guest is a popular star who both sings and acts...
Matsuoka Seiji-san joins us in the studio today!
Hello! I'm Matsuoka Seiji!
Guest: Matsuoka Seiji
I want to start right off with a question.
Which do you like better, singing or acting?
What's wrong?
Th-That's...
I like them both...
Huh? My little sister goes nuts over that guy!
And I like jazz, too...
Hey! Get me an autograph!
Oh, jazz?!
I see. So Matsuoka's dream came true...
Dream...
I don't believe it...
Kaoru-kun?! Kaoru-kun, is that you?!
Yurika... san...
How wonderful! You've become a doctor!
Um...
Oh, I'm six months along. Junichi-san wants a girl, but I wonder...
I think he'd spoil her rotten.
How are you? Have you been good?
Do you still play the piano?
No...
I'd heard that Sentaro had taken off, but you've never seen him since then?
Oh, that's right.
This is no time to be catching up.
There's something I've been carrying around to show everyone.
A friend from back home sent me this photo,
but don't you think the person on the far left looks like someone we know?
U-Um...
Can I borrow this photo?
What the hell am I doing?
I've been trying to forget him all this time, but my heart is beating fast.
There's no way I can stop this rhythm in my heart.
If you want the church, it's at the top of the slope.
Young priest? Dunno...
The priest here has been around for years and years.
Yeah, I think he helps raise the orphans from around the prefecture...
He raises children?
Yes, you mean the priest-in-training.
Though I hear he does nothing but cause trouble for the poor priest...
Th-Thank you!
Could it be...
Could it be him?!
Don't see this every day!
Lucky!
Pick me up, too!
What's wrong?
I always thought this day might come sometime...
Looks like it's today.
Enough! What do you two think you're doing?!
I told you that you can only play on special occasions, but again, you do as you please!
Uh-oh! Run, Richie!
Hey, wait! Sen!
What should I do?
I forget what I was like before I met you
The wind caresses my cheek
JLullaby of BirdlandJ
Kick my heels going down the slope
As my worthless shadow grows
It's like an endless summer vacation
Feels like sneakin' into the swimming pool
Hey, let's swim with our clothes on, jump in!!
A shocking seductive spiral
This beat that pierces my heart is strange
(It flares up, then vanishes)
It's been a long time. How are you? I'm writing now because there's something I want to tell you, Ritsuko-chan. A friend of mine from back home got married at a church, and in a photo of the ceremony that she sent me, there's a priest who resembles Sentaro-san. I'm not sure of it, but thought it would be worth looking into. The church is on a small island, so it should be easy to find. I just wrote this postcard to let you know. If you find anything out, please write back. Yours truly, Yukari Fukahori
Every miserable day is swell,
dress it up
A high-speed swing surrounds us
(What's this dance called? I can't stop)
Don't you go, it's twined around my ears
and won't leave me ever again
This melody...
I waited for you on that slope
For our after school promise
There was a'goodbye' blurred far away
I was so weak, so awkward, and so fragile back then
But you gave me a small pair of wings
In the twilight hour of the sky,
I'm searching for a gleam of light
If only I could have said that I love you
The note that I wrote in the corner of my textbook
has never been delivered to this day
