Hey, all you viewers out there!
When you're watching Fairy Tail keep the room nice and bright,
and sit back from the screen, okay?
Previously on Fairy Tail!
Let's go on an S class quest, Lucy!
We went to Galuna Island without permission from the guild.
Gray and Erza got involved, and although we managed to handle Lyon's plan to resurrect Deliora...
Please destroy the moon!
That's right, we can do it!
Let's go for even more who-knows-what!!
The door to mystery is right in front of us
The whole world's a wonderland
which we're already wondering!!!
This excitement gets my heart racing
It's wonderful!
Who am I, I wonder?
What is real, I wonder?
Why can't I see tomorrow, I wonder?
The only part leveling up is my curiosity
We can't just throw away our daily life together, right?
Tell me! S. O. W.
Living itself will be our training!
So, we can make it!
Let's search for even more who-knows-what!
We can't be satisfied with just the normal answers
This magical wonder life
Our future is wondering!!!
We'll do our best living our life
the way we want to!
Let's wondering!!!
We are going to destroy that moon right now!
We'll destroy the moon, and everyone will return to their original forms!
Will we get to see the moon destroyed right before our eyes?
We'll finally be back to our old selves!
If we're gonna destroy the moon, wouldn't being on top of the ruins help?
It's higher up than here.
No, this will do.
And the villagers can't get near the ruins.
Destroy the moon?
Well, this is Erza we're talking about, but still...
W-What does she plan on doing?
Quite heart-racing, don't you think?
In a lot of ways...
This is the Giant Armor.
It powers up my ability to throw.
And...
The Lance of Haja, which repels the darkness.
Awesome!
So you'll chuck that at the moon and blow it up?
Seriously, that's not gonna work...
However I do not think it will reach the moon with only this.
That's why I want you to give me a boost with your flame's power.
When I throw the spear, hit the back-end of the lance as hard as you can.
By combining the throwing power of the Giant Armor and your flames, we will destroy that moon!
All right! Got ya!
Let's go!
Why are the two of them so into this?
They're not actually going to destroy the moon, right?
Reach it! To that Sky!
Natsu!
Whoa!
Holy...
They're destroyin' stuff again!
Reach it!
You've got to be kidding me!
The moon?
That's...
It wasn't the moon that she broke...
It was the sky?
What's goin' on?
This island was covered by an evil lens.
A lens?
A gas was released during the creation of the moon drip.
That gas crystallized and became a lens covering the sky.
It's thanks to the lens that the moon looked purple.
With the evil lens broken, this island's true radiance should return.
Huh?
They're not... going back to normal?
Oh, no...
No. Everything is the way it should be.
The evil lens didn't affect their bodies,
it affected their memories.
Their memories?
The false memory that they became demons during the night.
What is the meaning of this?
You don't mean...
That's how it is.
They were demons from the start.
Seriously?
Yeah... Now that you mention it.
I'm still a bit confused...
They all have the power to change into humans.
They ended up thinking that their human forms were who they really were.
That was the false memory that the moon drip caused in them.
But why were Lyon and the others okay?
Because they are human.
It seems like it only affects the memories of demons.
It's also because they are demons that they can't get near those ruins.
Beings of darkness could never get near ruins that have absorbed so much holy light.
Impressive!
I'm glad I trusted this to you.
Wizards... Thank you!
It's the ghost!
The dude from the boat?!
Bobo...
But, you're...
We don't die from being stabbed in the chest!
You disappeared from the boat...
I'm sorry I didn't tell you the truth back then.
I was the only one who gained back my memories,
so I left this island.
Since all the people of the village thought they were humans, they were all scared of me!
Bobo...
Bobo!
Finally back to normal, huh, pops?
He's alive!
Bobo's still alive!
All right!
A Demon Island, indeed...
But, you know... Just looking at all their faces...
They look less like devils...
Tonight we're having a feast! A demon's feast!
I bet a demon's feast is gonna get kind of rowdy...
Aye...
Are your injuries feeling better?
Aren't you...
Have you forgotten?
Oh, you're the one...
Do you recognize me now?
Yeah...
Ever since you came to this village, we think you're just the greatest, Gray!
Yeah! You're super cool!
But, you like us better in our human forms, don't you?
I wouldn't say that exactly...
I think this look kind of works for you.
Gray's so kind, I knew it!
We're full of confidence!
Let's dance together!
We'll do the groovy demon's dance!
So Gray's popular with those kind of girls, huh?
He looks like he's having a lot of fun.
It's as he says...
We all feel that our appearance is a weakness,
so we never interacted with any other islands...
That's why we started the rumor that Galuna Island was cursed.
So that's why the people at the port were scared of the island.
But from now on, I think we'll be able to get along better with the people from the continent.
We should cooperate and help each other.
If you speak to them in this way, it won't matter how you look, you'll be understood.
Are you really going?
Yeah. We can't be satisfied like this.
You stay here with Reitei Lyon.
Everything is for love.
Hey!
What?
Those are...
Gray...
Leave them to us. Don't worry.
What do you want?
You guys did Reitei Lyon pretty good... He can't even move.
We have come to pay you back.
Wait a second! Didn't you hear? We and Lyon have already...
That's a separate issue.
We will end this once and for all.
Cool! Show me what you got!
Wait!
We can't keep relying on you for everything!
Yeah, that's right!
We have to protect our own village!
I can appreciate the sentiment. However leave this matter to me.
Fairy Tail's Titania?
You did me quite a service on that beach.
This will be a worthy opponent.
Watch out, Erza! That woman can manipulate rocks and trees!
And weird eyebrows dude can neutralize magic!
I see.
Then I better finish this up before they can pull any tricks!
Awesome!
She's strong barehanded!
Such is the Great Erza!
The Great?
Impressive.
It's true... We're no match.
Wait, you mean...
I know this doesn't atone for our actions,
but we wanted to finish things off.
So that's what they meant by pay back.
We heard from Reitei-sama.
Thanks to you, we're free of our hatred for Deliora.
Oh, so you guys also...
Our towns were destroyed when we were kids.
Our friends and family burned to ashes...
Reitei-sama was finally going to defeat Deliora. That's why we followed him.
But that's still no reason to hurt innocent people in the process.
We hated Deliora so much, we ended up becoming no better than it was.
We forgot...
Alrighty!
Come here and eat with us!
But we were your enemies!
If I eat things with a lot of calories, my weight will...
No complaining!
Have fun!
Now, let's live it up!
As you can see.
Why did you return the village to the way it was?
Call it a bonus.
What am I to do with you? But Fairy Tail exceeded my expectations.
I hope they never get in our way.
Yes...
Where'd'brows and the chick go?
After they couldn't eat any more, they left.
It looks like you'll be left with a scar.
Huh? It doesn't bother me.
It's on your face!
I don't care where I get scarred.
As long as they can be seen.
Oh, that's deep!
Huh?
What's a wound you can't see?
Quiet, you!
When I say somethin' cool, don't step all over it!
That was cool?
W-What?
You won't take the reward?
That's right. Your gratitude is all we need.
Oh no, no, no...
This was not a job our guild officially accepted.
Just a few idiots running off to do a job on their own.
Even so, that doesn't change the fact that you saved us.
If I say this is not a reward for the guild,
but it's a thanks to our friends for saving us, would you accept it?
It's hard to say no when you put it that way.
70 million jewel!
All right!
However taking it would be against the guild's principles.
We'll be happy to take only the key you offered as the reward.
We don't want that!
Hell yeah, we do!
I'll be happy to take you back to Hargeon.
No. I have a ship ready.
A pirate ship?
You hijacked it?
Such is...
Madame!
Madame?
They seem to have taken a liking to me.
Such is the Great Erza!
Enough with the Great already!
All you mates come on board as well!
Mates?
Eww! I don't want to board that!
I'll be happy to swim instead!
Not happening!
Yo-ho!
Yo-ho!
Thank you very much, everyone!
Stay well!
Come back and dance with us again!
Good luck with your work!
Fairy Tail's the best!
Come see us anytime!
There they go...
I-I'm not crying!
Wait... Why are you crying?
Are you sure about this? And after finally reuniting with your younger fellow pupil...
In other words... love!
It's fine.
Hey... Are guilds any fun?
What a shame about Deliora.
Well, too bad, I suppose.
I didn't think it would have already been dead.
I thought that I'd be one step closer to my dream if I got my hands on Deliora.
I apologize, Siegrain-sama. I didn't expect that woman's magic to be so powerful.
Should you really be talking about her that way?
Ul's tears... Ultear.
I respect your mother.
If she had lived, she would have surely become one of the 10 Wizard Saints.
You're exaggerating.
My mother was a miserable woman so obsessed with magic that my father abandoned her.
The more you lose, the more power you can obtain.
I was of little consequence to my mother.
I wonder about that.
Raising those two students was her lingering affection for you.
That's enough about that.
Let us proceed to the next step.
Hey, what's wrong with your face?
What the heck is this?!
It swells up now?
Speaking of which, what are your impressions fighting Natsu?
I didn't even use half of my power, but it was impressive.
That kid's gonna get stronger and stronger...
Indeed...
The son of Igneel...
He needs to keep burning bright, for my dream...
We're back!
Back!
But man... All that work, and one key is all we get?
And it was a full-blown S class quest, too.
It wasn't a proper job.
This much is just about right.
Yup, yup! No complaints!
You're the only one it's of any use to, Lucy!
Let's sell it!
You thieving cat!
Besides, there are only 12 of the gold Zodiac keys in the whole world!
They're super-duper rare, see.
That cow and maid?
As I progress, my Spirits will get way stronger!
So, what's the key we got this time?
The Archer, Sagittarius!
Isn't that half man, half horse?!
No, I think it's the other way around.
That's not a man or a horse...
Easygoing, aren't we?
You haven't forgotten that you'll be punished when we get back, have you?
Punishment?
I thought we'd dropped that already!
Don't be silly.
Accepting your actions was a field decision on my part.
You still must receive your punishment.
Oh, no!
I think you should be mostly forgiven for what happened this time.
However your judge will be the master.
And I have no intention of defending you.
So be prepared to take your punishment.
He's not gonna make us do that, is he?
Wait a sec! I never want to do that again!
What is that?!
Don't sweat it. We did a good job, so gramps'll be impressed!
How frightfully positive of you...
No, I think it's pretty much decided already.
I look forward to it.
Nooo!
Not that! Anything but that!
Nooo!
Like I said, what the heck is that?!
Tell me!
Merry-go-round
I greet the morning,
chasing after your profile left only in my revolving dreams
You said, I never want to see your face again, when you left me
But the tears on your cheek said it all
Every time you felt like you'd be swallowed up in the waves of contradiction
you always held back your tears, you know?
What a strong person, they said, but everyone overestimated you
and before you knew it you lost sight of who you really are
Then the sun I thought would always be near me collapsed
and the light shut off...
Rubbing out the truths and the lies of one day, altogether
Merry-go-round
I greet the morning,
still, ironically, chasing after your profile in my revolving dreams
Professor Happy's Fairy Tail Lectures!
Today we're going introduce a lot of other Fairy Tail members!
Makarov
Our guild consists of wizards who Master Makarov gathered! They can use all kinds of magic!
Cana
Elfman
Loke
Mirajane
Although everyone is always fighting, in truth we all get along great!
Until next time!
Stand, Bow, Aye!
It sure would be handy to be able to fly like you, Happy.
Aye! But that'd be impossible.
Well, unless you and me completely switched magics.
Yeah... I wonder if anyone dropped magic like that around somewhere?
Natsu. You can't drop magic.
Next time: Changeling!
But I did hear that magic exists somewhere...
That's my Happy!
I forget.
