Team Asui and Tokoyami, practical exam.
Ready, go!
I forgot to tell you...
We teachers are also trying to crush you with everything we have.
Yaoyorozu: Rising
Prepare...
Go, Dark Shadow!
Asui, I'm throwing you!
Tokoyami!
Good thing we figured this out beforehand.
Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow
Yeah.
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity
They're good!
An escape only those two could pull off!
Communication skills.
Recovery Girl's Temporary Nurse's Office
In this society, it's a simple but important skill for heroes to have.
More than being able to pull off the perfect team play with a specific sidekick,
it's better to be able to achieve a certain standard with anyone.
Um, even though this is an exam,
Pro Hero - Recovery Girl - Quirk: Heal
each student is being made to deal with their weakness on purpose, right?
That's right.
I wonder what Tokoyami and Asui have to work on.
I can't imagine Mr. Ectoplasm's Quirk being a bad match-up for theirs...
No, it is bad... for Fumikage Tokoyami.
Why is that?
You'll see.
You're avoiding a fight after all, huh?
However...
Do your best!!
Ectoplasm - Quirk: Clones
Ectoplasm. Quirk: Clones!
He produces ectoplasm from his mouth,
which he turns into clones of himself that he can put anywhere.
He can produce about 30 at once.
But apparently, after singing two or three songs at karaoke,
he can produce about 36!
Go!
Ribbit!
Thanks!
Dark Shadow!
They just keep coming.
Indeed.
Fumikage Tokoyami's strength is his quick attack
and range that lets him keep his distance.
But looking at it another way, he won't hold up if something does get in close.
Tokoyami had a weakness like that...?
So that's why he's up against
Ectoplasm with his many clones that can appear unexpectedly...
On the other hand, Tsuyu Asui...
An excellent student with no clear weaknesses.
Therefore, she must provide support to her ally, who, as you said,
is powerful and has few weaknesses.
Her ability to keep calm can provide emotional support to others in a crisis.
Emotional support...
Now that I think about it, having Asui there at USJ really helped a lot.
Do your best, Asui, Tokoyami.
That was the 28th one.
Tokoyami, I can see the goal...
Good job getting past all the others.
But what'll you do against this?!
Giant Bite Detention!
Ribbit?!
I can't put out clones now,
but as long as I can see you, this one will be enough.
Dodge, Asui!
Only I can release my clones.
Now, what will you do?
What an all-powerful Quirk.
I'm the same!
Dark Shadow, you at least need to get through the gate!
Got it!
Bastard!
He can't get through against a pro head on, huh?
But if he can reach, then we have a chance.
Have Dark Shadow take this, Tokoyami.
This? What?
Don't... look too closely...
The teacher will notice...
Besides... it's... really... gross...
Can you keep this up until time runs out?
What I want is the shine of heroes who can do away with adversity.
Dark Shadow!
Calm down. It's fine.
Because Tokoyami and Dark Shadow...
If we became unable to move, then this would be the only way to win,
so I swallowed them right away.
I can take things in and out of my stomach.
I see.
He's been handcuffed!
They passed!
Dark Shadow and Frog! They were able to use both Quirks well together!
Yeah, as expected!
Do your best!!
Good job!!
Team Asui and Tokoyami have passed!
That was wonderfully clever.
You deserve to be commended.
I am delighted.
Ribbit, ribbit.
It was all thanks to me, right?
Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation
Tokoyami and Asui have passed...
Of course.
Third Match Team Iida and Ojiro vs Power Loader
We're running out of places to stand...
Did Mr. Power Loader do this?!
Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail
What should we do, Class Rep?
The current topography gives our opponent an advantage.
Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine
In order to keep damage down to a minimum and defeat him,
I think going to find a hero with a Quirk advantageous against the opponent
is the best choice.
In other words, we should run, right?
But...
And we don't know where Mr. Power Loader will attack us from.
Even so, we can do it.
As long as we work together...
All right!
Fusion!
This is really embarrassing...
Here we go, Ojiro!
Reciproburst!
We're going faster than the holes are forming.
If we keep going like this-
Pro Hero - Power Loader
I wonder.
Oh, no!
We're gonna fall!
Find the best solution, Tenya!
Wrap your tail around my leg!
Recipro Extend!
What the...?
Good job!!
Team Iida and Ojiro have passed!
Class Rep!
It was kind of forceful, but it didn't take long,
and you were quick-witted enough to get your friend out
without getting injured yourself...
Not bad. You pass.
Thank you very much!
They're both amazing!
I will once again walk on the path to becoming a hero!
You're so cool, Iida!
Also, I can't get out!
That's kind of uncool, though.
Fourth Match Practical Exam Area
It's our turn.
Let's go.
Yaoyorozu!
Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot
Are you nervous?
N-No...
Well, considering who we're up against...
But I have an idea.
Team Todoroki and Yaoyorozu, practical exam.
Ready, go!
Fumikage Tokoyami Quirk: Dark Shadow He has a shadow-like monster inside him that can change shape elastically and fight with him.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 10/30 Height: 158 cm Blood Type: AB Likes: Apples
Momo Yaoyorozu Quirk: Creation She can create any non-living thing from her body.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 9/23Height: 173 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Reading
Yaoyorozu!
It doesn't matter what you make. Just keep creating some small objects.
When you can't make them anymore, that means Mr. Aizawa is close.
Here I go again!
Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure
He can erase the Quirks of those he sees.
That effect is removed when he blinks!
This exam will depend on who finds the other first.
Once we can see him, I'll draw him to me.
Then, you should run to the escape gate.
Stay with me until then.
What's wrong? Hurry up and make something.
Right... Okay.
Yaoyorozu, I said to make something, but what're those?
Russian matryoshka dolls.
I see.
Well, let me know if you notice anything strange with your Quirk.
I expect nothing less from you, Todoroki.
About what?
You were able to come up with a plan to use against Mr. Aizawa so quickly,
and you were able to determine what would be best at once.
It's nothing special.
Nothing special...?
As students who got into U.A. through recommendations,
we started from the same place,
but in terms of the practical skills a hero needs,
I haven't done anything that stands out.
During the cavalry battle, I just did what you said.
In my own fight, I lost before I could do anything against Tokoyami.
Yaoyorozu, your matryoshkas...
-He's coming! -Sorry-
If you realize that, then you should immediately start acting!
In this case, you should prioritize evasion
since I stole a march on you.
Yaoyorozu, go!
Is that what your plan was?
Then, this is perfect.
Pro Hero - Eraser Head - Quirk: Erasure
Either way, I'd been planning to catch you first since you're the offense.
You think you've caught me...?
I can burn or freeze these restraints in an instant...
I don't care which you do. Just be careful of where you fall.
Caltrops?
What are you, a ninja?
Coming up with such an unpleasant countermeasure...
It's different from the time with the hero killer.
I know the Quirks and numbers of the heroes.
I'm perfectly prepared to intercept you.
Your plan places the burden pretty heavily on yourself.
It's nice to try and be considerate to the girl,
but maybe you should've talked it over more.
Talked it over...?
How much farther until the escape gate?
Is there a shorter route?
Is Todoroki all right?
Is this okay?
Should I make something to help me go faster at the expense of time?
Is this okay?
Will I be able to get out like this?
Where am I running?
No... Why?
Is this plan... really okay?
Ever since the sports festival, she'd obviously lost confidence.
Mr. Aizawa!
Then, does that mean Todoroki's...?
-Shoo- -I'm gonna hit you where it hurts.
Let's see who can get in more hits.
Against a teacher, I don't have a chance...
What? My Quirk's not erased?
Creation!
I'm sorry, Todoroki!
Going in the opposite direction?
She's left all the decision-making to him.
Comparing herself to Todoroki, she's decided that he's better than her.
Watching Todoroki, who for better or for worse doesn't hesitate much,
she's become unable to have confidence in her own thinking, huh?
Emotionally, she's still a child of 15.
I'd like to help her regain her confidence,
but that's not my job right now.
Now that I think about it, it looked like she wanted to say something.
Todoroki!
Todoroki!
Yaoyorozu!
I'm sorry, I couldn't-
Hey, Mr. Aizawa's coming!
Should I save Todoroki?
Or run?
What should I do?
What should I...?
Yaoyorozu!
You've got a plan, right?
Sorry, I should've asked earlier
if the plan was okay.
You have an idea, right?
But your plan didn't work, so how could my idea...?
It's fine, just spit it out!
I'm saying that you're the one more suited to this stuff!
When we were voting for class rep, you had two votes, right?
Momo Yaoyorozu - 2
One of those votes was mine!
Because I thought you'd be good at it!
Disgraceful... So disgraceful!
Are you done?
But...
Todoroki, close your eyes!
What are these?
Flash grenades?
I do have an idea, Todoroki!
I have a plan!
A special operation just to beat Mr. Aizawa!
A special operation?
Yes. I was actually thinking about this from the beginning!
Just tell me already.
The aftereffects of USJ...
A decrease in time I can use my Quirk, and an increased interval between uses.
Well, if she's attacking because she noticed that, then she's pretty good.
Yaoyorozu!
Fire...
It's been erased, huh?
Todoroki, let's hide! Together!
Mr. Aizawa's eyes have become a bit unstable.
Because of his injuries at USJ?
So, we're going to exploit that?
No, for now, we must get out of his field of vision.
It's just a matter of time... We can win!
Time...
Get out of his field of vision...?
Can we do it?
We can't use our Quirks, you know.
Do as I tell you!
Keep checking if you can use your ice!
I'm gonna catch you!
Thinking that we can't use our Quirks is a bad assumption to make.
There will definitely be a single moment...
Here it is!
You can pull it off in that moment, right?
That giant ice wall you showed us at the sports festival!
Todoroki's biggest move!
They were waiting for this.
Yeah, you've got to get your opponent where it hurts!
I blocked him with the wall the moment my Quirk came back.
Now we can use our Quirks.
Tell me the rest of the plan while we...
Mr. Aizawa's weapon?
Yes.
I don't know what it's made of or the details of how it's made,
so it's not exactly the same,
but I made my own version with a certain material woven into it.
Since this is a residential area,
we must keep the damage to a minimum.
And he moves quickly with those restraining bonds, making him hard to catch...
This is my plan.
Why isn't Mr. Aizawa going after them?
He might've overused his eyes.
What do you think, Todoroki?
I believe this has a higher chance of succeeding than trying to escape from Mr. Aizawa.
It will be decided in an instant.
Is this all right?
Yeah. No complaints here.
The escape gate is behind me.
So it'll be better to watch their approach carefully than to try and chase them.
I have a plan!
A special operation...!
Jeez...
Cloth, huh?
It's true that if I can't see them, I can't erase their Quirks.
But there are a lot of disadvantages to that, too!
Their upper bodies were mannequins?
There's just one thing to do!
A catapult!
A diversion?
Todoroki!
Blast your flames low!
He's not aiming for me?
What are they...?
I don't know if we can beat Mr. Aizawa in a battle of Quirks...
That's why...
Have you heard of nitinol alloy?
When heated, it returns to its original shape in an instant.
It's a shape memory alloy!
That's impressive.
It went exactly according to your plan, but didn't it go a little too smoothly?
Honestly, it is inexplicable.
When I was about to launch the catapult,
I made a mistake...
Mr. Aizawa noticed but still jumped away,
even though he could have stopped it in that opening.
It looked like he was allowing himself to be taken in by my plan on purpose.
I was just being careful of Todoroki next to you.
I could see you, but Todoroki had a cloth over him.
I thought he'd freeze me.
So I backed off, thinking that was the best course of action,
and then played right into your hands.
It really was only a matter of time, like you said...
Thanks.
What's wrong? Do you feel sick?
I-It's nothing!
If you feel nauseous, there's a pressure point on the instep of your foot...
I said, it's nothing!
Oh my...
When all's said and done, that man's a softie.
Team Todoroki and Yaoyorozu have passed!
The fifth match,
the exam with Team Uraraka and Aoyama against Thirteen,
is in its final stages...
Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Naval Laser
We were so close!
Oh, no, I won't let you get away!
Thirteen's getting closer while sucking us up!
Pro Hero - Thirteen - Quirk: Black Hole
I'm not good at combat, but I have distinct views about captures!
Escaping from Thirteen's Black Hole is next to impossible.
Yeah.
They need a plan to break out...
This Quirk just never stops sucking, huh?
Are you trying to be funny?
We're in trouble here!
You know, my costume...
Huh?
It transmits from my navel...
Which means...
I'll suck up light, too!
I'll break it down at a molecular level!
This isn't a joke!
What is up with you, Aoyama?!
I'm just me.
This isn't good. We'll get caught!
Think!
Think about how to get out of this!
Think!
What would Deku do in a time like this...?
Hey.
Hold on! Right now, I'm-
You were thinking about what Izuku Midoriya would do, weren't you?
Do you...
Preview
Here's the preview!
Uraraka and Aoyama against Thirteen,
Kaminari and Ashido against the principal,
Koda and Jiro against Present Mic,
and Shoji and Hagakure against Snipe!
Everyone's fighting with everything they've got to become heroes!
I'm really moved right now!
Deku!
What's up, Uraraka?
It's hard to say when you're so moved,
but Mineta's running away!
Next time, Stripping the Varnish!
Sero's sleeping peacefully on someone's lap!
Next time: Stripping the Varnish
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
