Interviews with Monster Girls
Demi-chans Want to Try
Satou-sensei, drinking too much isn't good.
You should stop and get some sleep.
Oh, it's fine! Tomorrow's a day off!
Takahashi-sensei!
C'mon, Takahashi-sensei! Drink s'more,
and let's talk about how education oughta be!
What a troublemaker.
Little troublemakers like you require discipline.
Discipline? What kind of discipline?
Oh, no! Takahashi-sensei, not in the living room... You can't...
Ah, no! My triangle ruler...
The triangle part... Ah...
The protractor? You're using the protractor, too?
The chalk... And the chalk, please!
I'm being educated!
Hello?
Sorry, were you asleep?
Ugaki-san?
No, I was studying some educational methods of discipline...
Oh? You're so dedicated, even on the weekends.
Anyway, what's this about, Ugaki-san?
Well, I was thinking about what happened the other day.
The other day?
When you came to school with Kurtz-kun?
The one you're interested in is Takahashi-sensei, isn't it?
H-How did you...
Bingo, huh?
But knowing you,
you're standing by, doing nothing, instead of acting, right?
I'm not criticizing you, but I don't think you should go on like this.
The time has come, Sakie!
For you to show your true colors as a succubus!
Uh-huh...
To be blunt, the reason you're slow to act
is because you can't avoid your aphrodisiac effect in relationships.
But you don't want it to influence how you enter into them, right?
Right...
I know you've always made it a point not to use your aphrodisiac effect
on others for your own gain.
So I understand your hesitation.
But now that a man has won your heart,
you need to accustom yourself to using your wiles on him!
Am I wrong?
Call forth the instincts of the succubus who devours men, night after night!
That's only in the legends.
Also, stop yelling.
Still, you're right, Ugaki-san.
Huh?
I know I need to change.
So I can have a relationship.
And so that I can come to terms with what it means to like someone.
I can't keep running from my aphrodisiac effect.
That's right.
This is a good opportunity to try some things out.
So go ahead and start doing things to seduce Takahashi-sensei tomorrow!
Do I have to?
Of course you do!
The number of times you've seduced someone by chance is trivial, right?
He'll get a girlfriend before you get accustomed to using your effect!
And being half-assed about it won't even change the look on his face.
If he has no reaction, you'll get no experience!
Which you need an individualistic approach to seducing him.
In theory, I get what you're saying, but...
I mean, I won't force you, but aren't you curious to see
what Takahashi-sensei looks like when he's truly embarrassed?
Excuse me...
Satou-sensei?
Sorry...
I thought you were Hikari or someone.
No, I'm sorry for suddenly walking in.
Oh, please take these to eat with the tea.
Shiba Shortbread
So...
I thought I should talk to you about succubi.
I was hoping it would help you.
People like Takahashi-sensei crave knowledge not found in books.
If you bring up the topic, he'll latch on!
Huh? Really?
I'm definitely interested.
He latched on.
I don't get too many chances to learn about succubi from a succubus.
I feel like books and documents just don't tell the whole story.
What really counts is your timing in bringing up the subject!
Waste no time!
Right!
Oh!
Exactly like that!
Then, would you like to experience a bit of the succubus aphrodisiac effect?
Huh?
Okay, if you'll excuse me a moment...
Wait, what are you doing?
Oh, I'm just taking off a layer. Don't worry.
Oh, you are...
Wait, you are?
Yep!
Ta-dah!
Wh-What do you think?
Kill me now!
Uh... Well, I think you look very nice.
It completely changes your image, huh?
Thank you...
Hardly any reaction at all!
This doesn't feel anything like using my aphrodisiac effect.
It's just making me anxious...
Do I really even have an aphrodisiac effect?
Damn, she's sexy!
It's like I can physically see the sex appeal!
I actually feel like I've reverted back to a hormonal teenager.
I'd better try not to look at her whole body like normal.
I'll just focus on the spot right above her eyes...
Wow, her hair looks so silky...
Wait, no!
I can't believe a little clothing makes this much difference.
Now I see how thorough she normally is.
With her usual look, as long as I don't touch her, I feel nothing.
I just had a thought...
Yes?
Couldn't you dress a bit more casually on a regular basis?
Huh?
It must be suffocating, being so careful every day.
If you loosen up a tiny bit,
your aphrodisiac effect won't be problematic, right?
U-Um, well...
Takahashi-sensei,
do you think feelings of affection for a succubus can be real?
Real?
I mean... I think the aphrodisiac effect
just jacks up any feelings one has for a succubus.
The reason I go to such lengths is because
I want to avoid influencing men to develop such feelings for me.
This is purely my own opinion.
O-Okay.
First, the difference between normal women and succubi,
in my mind, is practically nonexistent, besides the inborn nature of succubi.
Normal women can also drastically change
their appeal with some clothing, like you did just now.
So what is the difference?
Sexiness Normal Women: Clothes on Normal Women: Clothes off Succubi: Clothes on Succubi: Clothes off
It's this margin.
Basically, a succubus's aphrodisiac effect is a matter of degree.
Can we work with this assumption?
Sure. Please continue.
That being the case, what remains is the perception of this margin.
A moment ago, you expressed this difference
as feelings that are jacked up, but I don't see it that way.
Sexiness Normal Women: Clothes on Normal Women: Clothes off Succubi: Clothes on Succubi: Clothes off
Physical allure varies with time and place, the situation, and one's condition.
Just as those combine for one's physical allure,
I think your aphrodisiac effect is part of your allure, too.
In other words, I don't think there's any such thing as fake feelings for someone.
In my opinion, as an actual succubus...
Yes? Please share.
Normal Women: Clothes on Normal Women: Clothes off Succubi: Clothes on Succubi: Clothes off
This is kind of fun.
Sharing our ideas, respecting one another,
and looking for common ground.
And what makes it fun isn't that we're talking about succubi.
I guess I just really like him.
It might be unfair to Ugaki-san, after he gave me a push,
but I won't use my aphrodisiac effect, after all.
Takahashi-sensei responds to me with sincerity.
So I think I should try to be sincere, too.
I know what Takahashi-sensei said,
but using my aphrodisiac effect is beyond my ability.
As long as I'm aware of that, I shouldn't use it.
But someday, I hope I can find some common ground with it,
so I'll know to what extent I can use it.
Sorry about that.
No problem.
Maybe I can use just that much of it.
And so...
That's how I got to see Takahashi-sensei embarrassed!
Good for you.
And we shared our opinions about succubi with each other...
What, you two have differing opinions?
You gonna be okay like that?
You've got it all wrong!
It's good that our opinions differ!
You just don't understand, Ugaki-san!
Demi-human Division
I see.
That's how we can consider each other's positions.
We got into some heated discussions,
but in the end, as a common ground...
Thanks for the report. Later.
Satou Sakie
I wonder if this is what the melancholy of watching a daughter grow up is like.
Interviews with Monster Girls
Shibasaki Prefectural High School
I want to have another deep discussion with Takahashi-sensei.
But would it only be an excuse to see him again?
If I could control my aphrodisiac effect, this wouldn't be a problem...
What would you do if you could?
Y-Yuki-chan!
Something smells fishy to me.
Y-You've got it all wrong!
You know my nature inconveniences me in multiple ways, don't you?
That's why I...
Oh, yes, that's definitely true.
So, did you need to talk to me?
Here's the thing we discussed.
The Amazing Van Deursen
This looks correct.
Here are the ones I've finished reading.
Got them.
I truly thank you, Yuki-chan.
We are kindred spirits, after all!
Excuse me.
Control, huh?
You want to control your snow woman attributes?
Yes.
I think it would be nice if I could generate cold air voluntarily.
I've always thought it was strange
to have to worry about overheating, since I can create cold air.
I see your point.
Well, it is almost summer.
Why don't you try?
This kind of brings back memories.
Sort of like going back to square one, huh?
To review,
snow women's unique traits come from negative emotion.
The cold sweat from nerves or stress,
as well as tears you shed when sad, become ice.
And when you're very depressed, you generate cold air, right?
Right!
We can save the intricate control for later.
For now, let's work on generating your own cold air.
Right.
You may work up a cold sweat doing this,
so we'll catch it in the basin.
Then, what should I do, specifically?
Hmm... You can generate cold air when sad,
but you want to be able to do so without being sad...
Why not try pretending?
Pretending?
In other words, acting.
To learn if you can create cold air with artificial negative emotion.
Acting? So I should act like I'm sad?
Yeah, like...
Ah, something has happened to Hikari and Machi.
Create something like that.
Ah... U-Um...
Darn it... How dare you do that to them?!
I'm so sad!
What the heck is that?
How can this be? How can this be?
Wait, I shouldn't laugh. That's rude.
Yuki's serious about this.
Curse you!
That's a convincing act!
At this rate, she might learn a new ability.
I'm so sad! It hurts so much!
An ability, huh?
Biologically, it's impossible for a snow woman's bodily fluids
to be near freezing, just because she has a low body temperature.
When she experiences negative emotion,
Something Something
something acts on her cold sweat at the moment it leaves her body, freezing it.
Something Something Tears Sweat
Generation of cold air must also be a result of freezing the air around her.
Something Something Air Tears Air Sweat
But what is that something?
Negative emotion implies volition.
Wait, if it's possible to define volition physically,
Curse you!
that would also explain how a succubus's aphrodisiac effect
Curse... Curse you!
influences the volition of others.
I'd like to check with Satou-sensei on that...
I wish... I wish you'd notice right about now
how embarrassing this whole scenario is.
I forgot. When we ask him for help on demi matters,
Takahashi-sensei becomes so engrossed,
his sense of delicacy stops working.
Takahashi-sensei, can I stop now?
Huh? Oh, yeah.
Hmm, I don't feel any cold air.
I guess acting doesn't work.
Oh, but you worked up lots of cold sweat.
Yes, I did.
Yeah, because I'm so embarrassed.
Let's not try this method again.
It didn't create cold air!
You're right.
Heya, heya!
Hikari?
Hey.
What're you guys up to?
We were trying to think of a way
she can use her snow woman power to beat the heat this summer.
Yeah, but it didn't work out at all!
No? But you created that ice, didn't you?
Huh?
It feels so nice and cool!
Now, this is beating the heat!
Well, I guess that's our result for today.
Yukki, the ice is melting.
Curse you!
Split into two teams and practice passing.
Man, it's so hot today...
The rainy season ended early, too.
This year, summer is gonna be hot.
Are you serious?
I can't handle outdoor P.E. class on hot days like this!
Girls, gather round!
Yes, ma'am!
Today, we're timing you on a middle-distance, 1.5-kilometer run.
Running your hardest at the start is dangerous.
So we'll jog a few laps first to get your bodies used to it.
Nothing beats P.E. class in summer!
Okay, start with three laps around the field.
You don't even try to hide that side of you?
Yes, ma'am!
If you have trouble seeing, let me know.
Okay.
The sun is killing me...
It's like the middle of summer already...
Another hot day...
Hello.
Oh, hey, Machi. P.E. class?
Yes, we're together with class A.
Then, Yuki's with you?
Must've been noisy with you three together.
Actually...
So hot...
Excuse us!
I feel alive again!
It's heaven.
Compared to that hell earlier, this is heaven for sure!
Yes, extremely!
You must be in a pretty cushy position to have air conditioning, Sensei.
Well, there are things in here that shouldn't get too warm.
Oh, I guess I explained that before.
Try not to hang around in here too much.
I know you ladies don't handle heat well, but all things in moderation.
Huh? But in summer, being a vampire really sucks...
It isn't easy for a snow woman, either.
It's a lot harder on vampires.
We sunburn easily, so we can't wear short sleeves,
and the sun is way too bright!
Well, it's hard for a snow woman, too!
Our body temperatures are low,
so high temperatures feel even hotter!
And we almost never sweat, either!
What was that?
Doesn't the sweat make your hands slippery?
Well, my hands don't sweat much, but...
Sensei! I have an idea for how we can make it even cooler!
Oh? What's that? Let's hear it.
I want some watermelon, so go buy one!
How overbearing can you be?!
Meow!
If you want to cool off, try being a little less hyper.
And watermelons are pretty expensive, you know.
Actually, I think there were some leftover popsicles in the faculty office...
Too easy.
He's so nice.
I think he just doesn't want to spend any money.
Aren't there any other ways to cool down?
How about your curse you, Yuki-chan?
No, that's too tiring.
Aw, but I liked curse you.
When did you name it that?
I wish there were something we could do anytime, like curse you.
Stop thinking you can do that anytime!
There's no AC in the classrooms,
so if there were a way we could cool off with others...
Maybe ghost stories?
Ghost stories! Classic!
To send a chill down the spine, right?
Yeah.
Okay, Macchi, tell us one!
Making someone else do it again?
Not long ago, I found this one online.
Oh, you're doing it?
It was a hot, muggy day, just like today.
Two girls with highly adventurous spirits
visited a cave said to be the site of a long ago murder.
The two had only their small, hand-held lights
to guide them through the darkness,
as they continued through the cave, one step at a time.
They were no longer sure how far they had walked,
when they arrived at a split in the path.
There, as if someone had foreseen their arrival,
they found a written note.
I killed someone. I cut them in two at the neck. I took the head down the left path, and the body down the right path.
They felt seeing a severed head would be scary,
so they decided to take the right path.
Far along the right path, just as the note said,
they found a headless body.
They felt a bit relieved.
But then they found another note next to the body.
The head is coming up behind you.
That isn't scary at all!
No!
I guess the scary story failed.
Come to think of it, Macchi, you're wearing a vest.
Huh?
Oh, yeah. Aren't you hot?
Oh, well... Hotter than I'd be without it, I guess.
Don't you get sweaty?
Or don't you sweat, Kyouko?
No, actually, I think I sweat quite a lot.
Then why are you wearing a vest?
Um... Well, because...
When I sweat, my underclothes show through my shirt.
Hey!
I brought popsicles...
for you?
They're frozen!
Next Time The Dullahan Surpasses Space-Time
The Dullahan Surpasses Space-Time.
