E-Excuse me.
Club Application
We saw your article in the paper and your website!
You guys are the best! Please let us join you!
Oh, uh... You want to join the team?
Wait. Why are you asking me?
Aren't you the coach?
What?
Run with the Wind
You can clear away all the ash you want,
but the road to anti-aging is long. Right?
Shut up.
I appreciate their enthusiasm, though.
I put up a note.
To individuals wishing to join the Kansei University Long Distance Track and Field Team The Kansei University Long Distance Track and Field Team is not currently recruiting new members. Please accept our apologies. We appreciate your understanding.
We'll continue rejecting applicants.
Aotake is full right now,
and I don't want to be influenced by any passing fads.
I don't have time to look after new members,
and I want to focus on the ten of us.
If anyone approaches you at school, politely turn them down.
Okay.
We're drowning in interview requests, too.
Choose carefully from the offers and reject as many as you can.
What? But we could be famous.
Shouldn't you be looking for a job?
I can only assume he's trying not to think about it.
What about Nippon TV?
We'll continue doing whatever we started before the qualifier.
Got it. Oh, right.
Can we discuss water station staff and volunteers later?
Of course.
I'm also thinking about checking out the course next weekend.
We can't run it, but it's worth just looking at it.
Keep your schedules open.
Let's go to the hot springs on the way back.
What?
Question.
We can't. We have plans that day.
We're playing soccer with some friends from language class.
Cancel your plans.
What? But they won't have enough players.
We'd be inconveniencing them.
There's still time. Find some substitutes.
Not even professionals can afford to run unprepared.
Besides, soccer? What if you got injured?
Hakone comes first. Don't forget that.
Hey, listen.
Is there any point in obsessing over it?
You've been tricking us, haven't you?
When you recruited us, you said we'd aim for the top!
That's impossible!
Just look at our time! It's clear as day!
Shinsei University 1021 Kanagawa International University 1003 Kansei University 1043 Oka University 1044 Yakuo University 1052
No matter how hard we try, we're not strong enough to beat the seeded teams!
It's impossible for us to win!
You knew that and wheedled us anyway, didn't you?
You're right that I said we'd aim for the top.
But
See? See?
Wait. Calm down.
Is it really impossible for us to win no matter how hard we try?
It's impossible.
The twins are right. Our time proves it.
Especially in long distance, it's rare to see an upset.
Even Rikudo's second team is way better than us.
You guys knew.
That's not fair!
But, depending on how you look at it, we're lucky.
No matter how fast you are, only a handful of runners get to run at Hakone.
But we made it through the qualifier.
We get to run at Hakone, just like we wanted.
There are plenty of people who'd be jealous of that alone.
You're not wrong, but...
There's no point if we can't win!
Yeah! There's no point in competing when you already know the outcome!
Then you shouldn't be playing soccer.
If you want to win, you should be training.
You think you're so great.
We're saying we can't find the motivation to do that!
Yeah! How can you say that after you couldn't respond the other day?
Enough, guys.
If you guys can't run because you can't win,
will you quit living because you'll die someday?
Is that how it is? It is, isn't it?
What are you trying to say?
Here he goes again.
Kakeru's making ridiculous arguments again.
I'll never die. Never.
Quibble, quibble. Here comes the quibbler.
To be or not to be? That's the question.
But I'll never die.
Listen to me! What are you doing?
Kakeru the quibbler will never die.
What are we doing right now?
I thought you had a question for me.
You're right that I mentioned the top, but I didn't mean we'd win.
What did you mean, then?
I'm searching for that answer, too.
I'm searching for the destination.
What it means to run.
This is stupid.
Hey, wait.
Kakeru, it's your turn to do the dishes.
Why?
Just because. Learn to keep your cool.
Searching for the Answer
Haiji.
Chikusei-so
The twins aren't here.
They actually blew us off.
I'm sorry.
It's because I couldn't answer them.
On the way home from the qualifier, they asked me why we're running.
Yeah, but it's like not being able to tell someone what the meaning of life is.
Nice quibble.
We made it through the qualifier. We're running at Hakone together.
Maybe we've already achieved the first goal we set for ourselves.
But that wasn't the real top.
I knew that, too.
After all, I wanted to aim even higher with you guys.
But I hesitated to answer them.
Kakeru...
We haven't played soccer in forever.
Yeah.
We've just been running this whole time.
Yeah.
Do you regret it?
Choosing this.
Nah.
We made these plans first.
You're right. We're running at Hakone.
Now we just have to practice enough that they won't complain.
Complain?
Huh?
So who won't complain? Haiji?
The guys who didn't qualify?
Oh...
I hope everyone shows up soon.
We got in the habit of waking up early.
Joji! Jota!
Let's go!
Who is that?
Hakone!
Everyone's waiting!
What's he doing?
Who crashes a soccer game?
Let's go to Hakone!
Crap! Let's run!
But he's one of the best in the country!
He's running at us while smiling!
Stay away!
It's no use! He's catching up!
Jota! Don't give up!
Nicely done.
There's no way you were outrunning him.
I can't run anymore...
I don't consent to this...
Section 1 Starting Line Yomiuri Shimbun Tokyo Office
This is the starting line.
The day of the race, the crowds on the sidewalk will be a hundred deep.
They'll build a huge stage out front, and cameras will be pointed at the runners.
It's a truly grand occasion.
Will we have time to think about that?
It's not for the sensitive.
The wind between the buildings is fierce.
Our bodies will get cold quickly.
Twenty-one runners will begin running amidst the crowd,
thinking only of delivering their sash to their teammate waiting far ahead.
Let's keep moving.
Section 2 (Section 10) Tsurumi Relay Station
Don't they stop all the traffic here and turn this into part of the course?
That's amazing.
It's way too much pageantry for a bunch of college students.
It means it's worth just that much.
Our running should be worthy of that.
Got it.
Have you gotten better at driving?
You're right.
I couldn't believe it, but you have, haven't you?
It's not fair for me to only expect you guys to grow.
Hey, cut that out.
If you don't keep sucking at driving, we won't be able to make excuses anymore.
By the way, last year in this section 2,
Kofu's Iwanki and Rikudo's Fujioka put on a legendary sprint.
The Glorious Section 2, huh?
They call it the ace's section.
Kakeru.
Do you want to run it?
No matter the section,
as long as there's a road, I'll run as hard as I can.
Did you hear that?
He said as long as there's a road.
Was what I said really that weird? Huh?
Oh, no. Your words were encouraging.
Section 3 (Section 9) Totsuka Relay Station
Shonan Bridge
Yeesh.
The sea breeze is strong.
It feels nice.
Yeah.
Section 4 (Section 8) Hiratsuka Relay Station
Section 5 (Section 7) Odawara Relay Station
Hey!
We're finally here.
It's steeper than I imagined.
Going up this will be hell,
but this means the downhill is no joke, either, right?
That's right.
Naturally, the strength of your legs are important in this section,
but your courage and intelligence matter, as well.
National Route 1 Summit Level
Huh?
This is the highest point?
So the finish line isn't at the top.
We're almost at the finish line of the first half.
Let's enjoy the scenery while we can.
First Half Finish Line (Section 6 Starting Line) Lake Ashi
Beautiful...
This is awesome.
The air at Aotake doesn't compare to this.
That was mostly your fault.
I wonder what it'll be like the day of the race.
There will be screaming crowds, right?
Guys.
In the parking lot...
You're so eager. You're even previewing the course.
I'm sorry I called you plebs once.
Should you be loafing around here?
I'm waiting for Group B to arrive.
I'm in Group A.
He's a regular?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. That qualifier.
It's amazing that you were neck and neck with Iwanki.
I bet you could run the real thing right now.
That's not true.
So modest.
What are you guys doing?
You're all here.
We were just talking...
I mean, no matter how much you practice, you only have ten runners.
If even one of you caught a cold...
And even if you run like crazy and finish in the top ten,
your oldest runners will graduate.
There's no point in earning a seed for next year if you don't have enough runners.
Don't you wonder what you're running for?
It must be hard to stay motivated.
Hey, Sakaki!
Group B is here!
Got it!
See you somewhere on the course.
You sure you guys aren't connected by a red string of fate?
In some ways, he's diligent.
Don't mind him.
Consider it progress that no one responded.
I can't!
I am bothered!
Why didn't you talk back to him?
Tell us why you run!
I told you, I'm searching for that answer right now.
Let's go somewhere else.
Sakaki was probably trying to say
that improving yourself by competing against strong runners from strong schools
is how an athlete should be and is a reason to run.
But is he right?
Can you say what we're doing is wrong?
It's true that we need every one of us. There's no arguing that.
I don't know what will happen next year or the year after that.
I'm sure those who empathize with us will follow.
All I can do is believe in that and run as hard as I can right now.
So there's no need to respond to him.
All we can do is acknowledge his points and move forward despite them.
Does that answer your question?
I don't know.
But...
We like what you have to say.
Like, huh?
That feels like enough to me.
Don't be swayed by your emotions.
Debate until you're satisfied.
The twins aren't theorists like you.
You had a fight?
I wouldn't call it a fight.
I understand what he's trying to say, but...
I want to accept what he's saying, but it feels like he tricked us.
I know what you mean. Haiji is so calm.
Yeah. We missed our opportunity to return to normal.
It's not like we were wrong, right?
I think you should believe him.
He's been patiently thinking for four years.
I can believe him because he's come this far.
Compared to all the time Haiji has spent on it,
our next two months will fly by in a moment.
And that moment could change your life,
even if you don't understand anything right now.
You're right.
The last six months flew by, too.
A lot has happened.
The qualifier, the training camp, all the track meets.
And we met Hana.
She's been a huge help, like when Haiji collapsed.
Oh, yeah. I remember that.
And she always comes to our practices.
Yeah. She's a huge help.
Without Hana, we wouldn't have made it this far.
And she's cute.
Hey.
Where did Haiji go?
Huh?
You're asking me?
I wanted to discuss the roadside placement of our members.
Oh, and the university's asking us to turn in our forms.
Whatever. Sorry to have bothered you.
That was close.
I almost asked if he wanted my help.
It's shocking to know we can't win.
But I was saved by Haiji's words.
All we can do right now is run as hard as we can.
He's right.
Congratulations Kansei University Long Distance Track and Field Team
My anxieties have been eliminated completely.
Is there still something bothering you?
No. I agree.
But it's frustrating.
Sakaki made Jota and Joji anxious,
but the only thing I can do is run.
You're hard on yourself.
Previewing the course made me realize
that not you or Haiji, but I have to finish some section of it.
There are things only you can do.
Believe in us and in yourself.
I will.
Congratulations Kansei University Long Distance Track and Field Team
Hey, it's Kansei's Ekiden guys.
Oh, yeah. They were on the news.
They've got an exchange student?
I know. I wish they'd run an all-Japanese team.
The school's probably paying for it to promote themselves.
What are you going to tell them?
I'm fine.
But... it's ridiculous!
We're all runners!
Kurahara.
It's been a while.
Fujioka?
University Hospital
Kiyose. Kiyose Haiji.
Yes.
Next time: And Then, Morning
Next time: And Then, Morning.”
