Lord Milza's Dartanian forces have safely joined ours.
Also, I've received word that Lady Ururika's fleet will be arriving soon at Castle Unicorn.
Is that right?
My cousin...
The true battle is only about to begin.
That's...
The Nordic fleet, conquerors of the Northern Seas.
Sorry to keep you waiting, Big Sister Marrine.
All right, let the revelry begin!
How did the Nordic fleet get here?
Don't tell me they actually came halfway around the continent?
The soldiers could've made it here on foot, then built the ships here.
What should we do?
This spells defeat for me.
After all the battles it's been through, our navy's taken some serious hits.
And Lady Edokia's Palace of the Sea won't hold up for long against that giant fleet.
Waldlind will be acting in concert with Nord, so they're sure to make a move this time.
If they attack us from both land and sea, the castle won't last for long.
In that case, how shall we lose?
Can't surrender without putting up a fight, right?
I'm going to prepare for battle now, and take command at the palace gates.
What shall we tell the Lords in the vicinity?
Let's have them decide for themselves.
We'll thank them for all their help till now, and apologize for the casualties they suffered.
And what of the Lords serving you?
Do you think I'll catch hell if I order them to surrender?
I'm not sure about them giving you hell, but I don't see them complying.
Well, I'll leave the phrasing up to you, Laura.
I want you to stay here, and contact the princes and Lords.
- Understood? - Y-Yes.
Helga, take care of the wounded.
Whether they be allies or enemies.
It may sound contradictory, but that's also what war is all about.
Understood.
To both of you, thank you for serving this Lustful Earl so well.
I'm sincerely grateful.
Lord Villar...
May you be victorious!
As for Siluca, give her this message. Your advice turned out to be right.
Though I'm sure she already knew that.
No, Marrine was just that formidable.
Oh, right...
I think I have a message for Theo, as well.
The Nords?
A massive fleet of more than 1,000 ships.
They're riding the tide, heading this way at top speed.
Go, Joachim.
Understood.
Looks like we've lost this battle.
I hear the earl himself is prepared for defeat.
I see...
So Lord Villar's luck has finally run out, has it?
I've been apprehensive since hearing the verdict at the Lords' Congress.
There will be no escaping the Nords on this palace.
You must transfer to a smaller boat, and flee this place.
All together?
No. Just you.
Since we've all loved you equally, we'll go out as equals, as well.
That's not what I want!
I can't survive without all of you!
Look after our children for us.
You know, you don't have to accompany me in this.
If it means being the last woman to stand by the side of Villar, the Earl of Altirk,
I could want nothing more.
But I really wanted you to find happiness.
Do I look unhappy to you?
I'd been afraid to love all this time.
But now that it's come to this, I think I can forgive myself.
I see now that life is worth risking.
You could've risked it for so many other things.
Apparently, they were all too insignificant for me.
You really are... eccentric.
W-What should I do?
If the sun was out, I could use this...
The Altirk ships are sustaining heavy damages.
We must go!
Waves, surge!
Flames, explode!
Flames! Expl-
Edo... kia...
No!
Who would've thought that Waldlind would be this aggressive?
After all the damage the Earl of Altirk was able to inflict on the Alliance,
we squandered what time we had, giving them a chance to mount a comeback.
And now the Earl of Altirk himself is the first to be driven to the brink!
He has himself to blame.
Marrine Kreische spurned our offer of a truce because she couldn't forgive Altirk.
On the other hand, it means the only person they hate is Villar Constance.
Once they seize his Crest, they'll surely be willing to talk peace.
Are you mad? Or perhaps you have some kind of secret pact in play?
H-How rude!
P-Please, calm yourselves.
I wish to save the Earl of Altirk.
Towards that end...
What if we recognize the Kreische family as emperors,
and all Union Lords swear allegiance to them?
Are you saying we should surrender?
I believe we have no other option.
It is commendable you feel that way.
However, the Alliance is poised to destroy the Union in battle.
Whatever conditions we propose, it's unlikely their stance will change.
But we must save the Earl of Altirk at any cost...
Castle Unicorn is surrounded on all sides. It's too late to take action now.
At this point, we should discuss how to proceed after the earl's death.
We don't know yet if it's too late!
I'll invade the Alliance domains from the north.
If we threaten from the rear, Waldlind just might retreat!
Why, Marrine?
Wasn't it you who said our marriage would end the era of Chaos,
and bring peace to the Continent?
Stand your ground! Don't think of retreating even a single step!
Advance! Breach the palace gates in one go!
The Nordic soldiers appear to have landed.
It's only a matter of time before they breach the seaward fortress and close in on us.
I've ordered the gate soldiers to retreat, and switch defense to inside the castle.
Now, then...
Let's go on our final rampage!
Yes.
Hellfire Margaret's final spell.
Allow me to show you!
I've been afraid to love.
For I did not want to lose the one I loved.
Be that as it may, you've offered me the greatest love of all.
All I ever wanted was to be by your side.
What's this? I thought I'd find the Lord here.
I'm Ururika, daughter of Erik, the Marquis of Nord. Who are you?
A mage under contract to Lord Villar, Earl of Altirk. Colleen Messala.
Since the Lustful Earl is still alive, his contract with you is still valid.
Which means I won't be violating the code if I kill you!
The Earl of Altirk shall be slain by Waldlind.
Grandfather Jurgen will have his revenge.
Fine.
Captain of the Guard Regiment!
Heavy crossbows at the ready! Load the Crest Bullets!
Fire!
P-Prepare for the second volley!
Wait.
- Your Highness! - It's fine.
Lord Villar.
Hey.
My Kreische blood and my Crest are yours now...
I accept.
You should continue to follow the path you believe in.
That said, I will still pray for you and Lord Alexis to be wed.
Since that's how I believe you'll find true happiness...
Cousin of mine...
I've abandoned any thought of attaining happiness for myself.
To repay Lord Villar, we must kill as many of the enemy as we can!
I am the Mage Leader under contract to Villar Constance, Earl of Altirk,
Laura Hardley.
This castle and throne shall be relinquished to you.
But it does not mean Altirk has been defeated.
The Lords of this domain will surely rise up against you.
Glory to Altirk!
My name is Helga Piarosa.
Will you allow me to continue tending to the wounded?
If you bring in your own wounded, I will treat them equally.
I'll allow it.
I appreciate it.
I shall now yield this castle and Villar's Crest to you, Lord Milza.
I want you to conquer Altirk.
Understood.
This is good.
Those who lack ambition are eliminated, and the weak are destroyed.
Such an era has finally arrived.
Lady Laura's message included some words from Lord Villar to you.
I'll relay them now...
Theo. You managed to entertain me in various ways.
From here on, be sure to stun the world.
THE FALL OF CASTLE UNICORN
EPISODE 11.5: REMINISCENCE
