We'll pass Hosu City...
I wonder how Iida's doing...
Nomu!
Kid, sit down!
Grand Torino!
Everyone, please calm down!
Please return to your seats for now!
The villain is not here anymore.
Please wait calmly for the heroes...
Excuse me!
I'm getting out!
Hey, you! Wait, it's dangerous!
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All
They look different, but there can't be that many with their brains spilling out like that.
Could it be Nomu's brother? Why here...?
I don't have time for any detours.
I need to show the fruits of my training...
One For All-
Full Cowling!
It's okay, I can do it!
Gran Torino, please be okay!
Hero Killer: Stain vs U.A. Students
It's a villain!
Wh-Where are the heroes?
Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet
How many years has it been since I've fought in earnest?
I've gotten mixed up in something crazy!
I won't let you do whatever you want!
He's fast! But-
Not faster than I can handle!
Hey-
He's attacking indiscriminately, huh?
Stop it, you little-
I was looking for the hero killer,
but this guy's timing was bad...
I do not know who you are, honored elder...
You're...
Seriously?
Why are you here?
Isn't it obvious?
It's because I am a hero.
The center of the commotion is where it started.
But what's with this guy that looks like Nomu?
If he's got crazy power like the one at USJ...
It won't just be Gran Torino that'll be in trouble-the whole city will be!
Iida, who's doing his internship here, will be, too!
What should I do?
Think!
What would be the best thing to do?
Tenya!
Tenya!
Oh man...
What is this...?
Manual! Put out the fire!
R-Right!
The voice from earlier! Normal Hero?
Where Iida went for his internship!
Pro Hero - Manual
Why did you choose a time like this to go off somewhere, Tenya!
He went off somewhere?
At a time like this?
That diligent Iida did?
Hey, you're in the way!
Get back!
I-I'm sorry!
We'll hold him back here!
Follow the police's evacuation instructions!
Where's Tenya?!
It's weird for Iida to go off with such a major incident in front of him-
Hosu City...
Guys that look like Nomu...
Iida...
Hosu...
Hero Killer...
Don't tell me-!
Damn it, what's with these guys?!
Wh-What's with that power?
The Fly!
Hey, what's the situation?
What are these monsters after?
Nomus really are great...
Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay
You will not participate in the combat?
Are you stupid? I'm injured.
That's why I brought those guys.
Master, how many Nomus have you finished?
They're not as strong as the one from the USJ attack,
but I've finished verifying the behavior of six.
Give them to me.
Why?
Because I don't like the hero killer.
I can destroy the things I don't like, right, Master?
Very well.
However, you may only have three.
You should use this as a learning experience.
Once the night is over, the world will have forgotten about you,
Hero Killer.
A child wearing a suit...
Villain - Stain Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine
Who are you?
I am the younger brother of the hero you attacked.
The younger brother of a most excellent older brother!
I have come to stop you in his place!
Will you take this name for me?
Remember my name for as long as you live!
Ingenium. It is the name of the hero who will defeat you!
I see.
Die.
Like I would!
Ingenium. You're brothers, huh?
In order to let news of me spread...
You're weak.
You and your brother are both weak.
Because you're fakes.
Shut up, villain!
He's paralyzed from the waist down due to spinal cord damage!
He can't work as a hero anymore!
Tensei is an excellent hero who saved many people... and led them until now...
There's no reason for you to crush him...
Tensei, I am very proud of you.
You have become independent at a young age, with many sidekicks who follow you.
Tensei Iida
That is not an easy feat.
It's not that they follow me, Dad. It's the opposite.
I can't do anything by myself, yet, so they're supporting me.
I need to work hard to return the favor, too.
I'm not that talented or anything, but I have to live up to the name of hero.
I'm glad that my work helps many people.
He's my hero...
He was an excellent hero who gave me a dream!
I won't forgive you...
I'll kill you!
Save that guy first.
Pro Hero - Native
Reflect on yourself and save others.
Don't use your power for yourself.
Being taken in by the hatred before you and trying to fulfill your own desires...
That is the furthest from what a hero should be.
That's why you'll die.
M-My body won't move...
Goodbye. You're an offering to a more just world.
Shut up... Shut up...
If you admire me, Tenya, then I might become an amazing hero.
No matter what you say, you are the criminal who hurt my brother!
Smash!
Mi...
Midoriya...?
I came to save you, Iida!
Tenya Iida Quirk: Engine He can run very fast using the engines in his calves.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 8/22 Height: 179 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Beef Stew
Shoto Todoroki Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot He has two Quirks:'freezing' on his right half and'flames' on his left half.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 1/11 Height: 176 cm Blood Type: O Likes: Soba (the kind that's not hot)
I might be overthinking it.
I have absolutely no proof, either.
But that doesn't mean I can do nothing.
In the city where the hero killer appeared,
guys like Nomu are running wild.
In this city, there's probably an unease that only I can imagine-
That the League of Villains and the hero killer are connected somehow!
Does this mean the hero killer is also in this city right now?
Since Iida wasn't at the fight earlier,
that means he probably found the hero killer!
Bingo!
That kid...
He's the one from Shigaraki's picture...
Midoriya, why?
They talked about it on TV.
That 60 of the hero killer's victims were found in places without many people.
That's why I searched away from the center of the commotion
in the alleyways near Normal Hero Agency.
I searched them all one by one!
Can you move?
Let's get to a bigger street.
We need help from the pros.
I can't... move my body...
Ever since he cut me...
I think it's his Quirk...
It's just as the commentators on TV guessed!
So cutting is how he activates his Quirk?
There's someone else here!
If it'd just been Iida, I could've carried him away on my shoulder...
Midoriya... Don't get involved!
This has nothing to do with you!
What are you saying?
Your friend came to save you.
That's a great line, isn't it?
But I have a duty to kill him.
If we clash, of course, the weaker will be culled.
Now, what will you do?
The eyes of white-collar criminals like you burn silently.
He's different from the guys at USJ.
His eyes are those... of a killer.
Your location has been sent!
Even without any proof, even if it was just a guess,
I should've done whatever I could to get a pro to come with me.
I'll protect the two who can't move
and stall for time by myself.
I'll try to drive the hero killer away if I can!
Stop it!
Run away!
I told you, didn't I? It has nothing to do with you!
If you say that, then heroes can't do anything!
Th... There are a lot of things I'd like to say,
but I'll say them later.
Meddling when you don't need to...
Good.
Get close to him in one movement.
To shorten the distance between him and an opponent with a long reach...
It was a good decision.
No! If you get cut-
Now then...
He disappeared?
No...
Five percent Detroit...
What's with that movement?
He's moving like Bakugo...
Did it work?
Full Cowling worked!
I can fight!
Wh...
My body...
Did he graze me?
Such a small graze made me unable to move?
No...
I see... It's blood!
It wasn't powerful enough.
It's not that you saw through my movements.
You left my field of vision
and maneuvered so that you would definitely be able to bring me down...
That was what your movements were like.
People who are all talk are a dime a dozen,
but you are worth letting live.
You're different from these guys.
Damn it...
Stop it!
Stop it...!
One after another...
There are a lot of people getting in my way today.
Midoriya. You need to give more details in times like this.
Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot
You made me late.
T-Todoroki, you too?
Why are you here...?
And you're using your left side...
Why? That's my line.
It took me a few seconds to figure out what you meant
since you sent just your location info.
You're not really one to send that for no reason.
You meant that you were in trouble and to call for help, right?
Don't worry. The pros will also get here in a few minutes.
That's hot...!
Someone's time will be up soon, huh?
This is just like the information about him implies.
I won't let you kill these guys, Hero Killer.
Todoroki, you can't let this guy see your blood!
I think he controls his opponents' actions by ingesting their blood orally.
That's how he got all of us!
He sucks blood to keep people from moving.
That's why he uses blades, huh?
I can keep my distance and-
Shoot!
You have good friends, Ingenium!
A sword?!
He threw it at the same time as the knife-
That was close...!
He's strong...
Why are you two...
Why...
Please, stop!
I've inherited my brother's name.
I have to do it...
That guy's mine...!
You inherited it? That's strange.
The Ingenium I saw before didn't have that look on his face, though.
You've got a lot going on behind the scenes in your family, too, huh?
Todoroki...
Huh?
To block your own view against an opponent faster than you...
What a foolish plan.
I wonder about that.
You're pretty good, too.
Above you!
Midoriya!
I can move normally for some reason now!
A time limit?
No, that kid should've been the last one he got.
I can't move yet.
Is this guy's blood type O?
Get back, Midoriya!
He takes in a person's blood to keep them from moving.
Since I got free first...
I can think of three possible reasons.
It could be less effective with more people,
the amount ingested could affect how long it works,
or there could be a difference in effectiveness based on a person's blood type!
Blood type...? Mine is B...
I'm type A...
Blood type?
That's correct.
Stain - Quirk: Bloodcurdle
Hero Killer: Stain. Quirk: Bloodcurdle.
Just by tasting someone's blood, he can stop their movements for up to 8 minutes.
Type O, A, AB, and B. The amount of time he can stop them goes in that order from least to most.
I can't really do anything just by knowing his Quirk, though.
I wanted to hurry up and carry those two out of here,
but he can react so fast, he can avoid ice and fire.
I can't leave myself that open.
I think our best option is to hold on by avoiding close combat until the pros get here.
Todoroki, you've already shed too much blood.
I'll distract him, so you support me from behind!
That's a pretty big risk,
but yeah...
The two of us will protect them!
Two against one, huh?
It won't be easy.
Iida, I've been worried about you since your older brother was attacked,
because I know well the face of someone who would act on pent-up resentment.
I also know just how narrow the field of vision can get for someone like that.
That day, I told her everything about what had happened and about who I am now.
Mother cried and apologized, forgiving me with a smile surprisingly quickly.
She said that for me to move forward without anything holding me back
would make her happy and be her salvation.
The old me would definitely not have been able
to choose my old man's agency for the internship.
It's not that I've forgiven him, and I have no intention of doing so.
It was just so I could experience the fact that he is the number two hero
with my own eyes and body and accept that.
Get ready. We're going out.
Where? To do what?
If this incident follows precedent, then the hero killer will appear in Hosu City again.
We will go to Hosu for a time on a business trip and work there.
Contact Hosu City immediately!
Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame
Yes, sir!
No matter what a scumbag he is,
I had to appreciate the judgment and instincts of the man called the number two hero.
Everything was so simple!
But even though it was simple, I didn't see it.
It's your power, isn't it?!
Just a few words...
Those few words...
Save that guy first.
I came to save you, Iida!
The two of us will protect them!
I'll kill you!
This guy's movements are completely different from before!
Midoriya!
Please stop...
I'm... already...
If you want us to stop, then stand up!
Look properly at what you want to be!
Ingenium. It is the name of the hero who will defeat you!
Preview
Here's the preview!
Run away, Midoriya!
This has nothing to do with you!
If you say that, then heroes can't do anything!
Iida, I've been worried about you since your older brother was attacked.
It's like what All Might said...
I also know just how narrow the field of vision can get for someone like that.
Meddling when you don't need to...
I'm not qualified to be called a hero.
But that doesn't mean I can give in.
If I give in, then Ingenium will die!
Next time: Climax
Next time, Climax.
