Lord Villar...
I'd like you to assist Starck in our battle against Waldlind.
Lord Pavel...
The Union is currently in peace talks with the Alliance.
I'm not holding my breath for the Union to act!
All we need is for you to make a move!
Once you do, Ozeri and Bultava will surely secede from the Alliance!
If you do make a move, Lord Villar,
I will convince my father to send troops from Dartania.
In my opinion, Lord Milza is absolutely right.
For Altirk to survive, even if it means breaking off from the Union,
we should fight.
I'll be a laughingstock for leaving the Union for not getting my way at the Lords' Congress.
Not only that, but I don't wish to break Lord Alexis's heart.
But it's Lord Alexis himself who's trying to destroy us!
Please, rather than uphold your honor, choose the path that allows Altirk to survive!
Siluca! Refrain yourself!
I cannot bring myself to betray Lord Alexis.
It appears I don't need your opinion.
Return to your domain with Theo.
Understood.
Theo.
I'm counting on you.
I understand, sir.
What that mage said seemed like sound advice to me.
It's my call to make, not yours.
I suggest you show some restraint, as well.
You should pledge fealty to Lady Marrine immediately, and agree to be subjugated.
That's up to me to decide, not you!
I have no intention of allying with Marrine Kreische!
I'll be keeping an eye on Lord Pavel's battle till the end.
I'm interested to see how Waldlind will assault the perilous Isthmus of Penelope.
It wasn't like you to act like that.
I couldn't see any other way to save Altirk.
It's unlikely to avoid a war against the Alliance, so it's a matter of how we prepare, right?
It will be hard to change the tides of war,
so our only hope is to muster as many troops as possible.
Right!
Starting tomorrow, I'll be touring the domain.
And you'll be joining me, this time.
Seems like they're not ready to accept us yet.
There's nothing we can do.
After all, there must be a lot of Dimitrie's kin here.
That's right.
I plan on heading near the Bultava border. Let's move on to the next village.
Right.
Let's take shelter over there.
What a sorry sight we are!
It won't be good if we're in these wet clothes.
We need to get changed, right?
No good. The firewood's damp.
Are you cold?
Yes. A little.
Then...
Let's do this.
You're not cold now, are you?
N-No...
Sitting here like this reminds me of how I used to camp out in the rain.
That's right, you used to wander all over the place.
Yeah.
Traveling alone really made me feel lonely.
I'm glad to have you by my side, Sir Theo.
This isn't the outcome I had in mind,
but you've been so swamped lately, I wanted to give you a break.
After the Lords' Congress and that thing with Lord Villar,
I thought it'd be a nice change of scenery.
Is that why you brought me?
Also, since you've been going to Castle Unicorn so much, I guess I was kind of worried.
That you'd end up becoming Villar's vassal...
That'd never happen.
You went so far as to give up your court rank to preserve our contract.
As long as you need me, I intend to serve you forever!
Looks like I haven't gotten through to you.
What do you mean?
You've always been thoughtful, and risked your life for me.
So I've always wanted to live up to that, and tried to protect you.
When Lord Villar tried to take you away from me,
I didn't think twice about giving up my court rank.
You also rescued me from the Black Witch's spell.
Of course I'd rescue you!
Because you're someone important to me.
That's what I wanted you to know.
R-Right.
U-Um...
Are you aware of my feelings for you?
Well, I did have a feeling...
But I thought it might just be me imagining things.
Um!
This is an extremely important issue, so I want to make it clear.
Sir Theo, can I take it that you're in love with me?
You're really gonna make me go there?
You really are a mage, aren't you?
Of course... I'm in love with you.
Fire!
N-No way!
Who is that Shadow-like knight?
Most likely, that's Milza Kuches.
So that's the Black Prince of Dartania.
If we're going to attack the Starck fortress,
our only option is to advance along a narrow one-way path along the shore.
However, these rocky hills tower over the path on its eastern side,
while there are ten ships with catapults moored in the sea to the west.
According to my sources, a Dartanian fleet is providing Lord Pavel with food and supplies,
and are moored in nearby waters.
It would be impossible to reach the peninsula by ship.
Even if we managed to get there, it won't be easy to defeat Milza.
What if we climbed the hills, and attacked the fortress from the ridge?
But if we climb those hills,
we'll be forced to leave our horses and armor behind.
I do have one idea.
In this wetland known as the Rotten Sea,
a form of Chaos Hazard called miasma appears frequently.
This miasma can also be generated artificially, I believe.
So you're going to generate miasma, and then what?
Let the wind carry it into the Isthmus of Penelope.
The soldiers will be forced to either forfeit the castle or succumb to the miasma.
Then, if we time our attack for when the miasma clears,
even the strongest of fortresses will be sure to fall in an instant.
Using Chaos Hazard is a violation of the Lords' Code!
If we don't fight fair and square, even if we were to win
It's a good strategy.
- What? - Lady Marrine!
Won't Waldlind come under fire for using dirty tactics to win?
I have no intention of becoming a virtuous but inept leader.
Even if I should incur infamy far and wide, I intend to hold sway over the continent!
If you're prepared, then we will obey your command and fight.
Then, I command you!
Viscount Pavel Murado, and the Lords and soldiers allied to him,
will not be allowed to surrender.
Half-baked benevolence will be seen as weakness on our part.
Show the world what becomes of those who defy Waldlind,
and force the indecisive Lords of Bultava and Ozeri to choose either subjugation or death!
As you wish!
I have a favor to ask of you.
What is it?
I want you to contact Milza, the Prince of Dartania.
It's almost time for the wind to change direction...
Now, then, let's begin.
A lake bed is a silent thing.
Yet, at times, it becomes a vacillating swell.
Swirl!
Red poison, sweet poison,
The poison stagnating in the mud consume each other.
Poison becomes foam, fog, then haze, and is carried by the wind.
Rise up!
Are you all right?
I just learned firsthand how overpowering miasma can be.
Meaning there's no question that the fortress soldiers will be incapacitated.
Miasma! Miasma's coming this way!
Cover your mouths with cloths! Hang in there until the miasma's gone!
The wind will change direction eventually!
If only we had Lord Milza's help...
How unfortunate for you.
Is this...
It is the Kreische clan's style to fight rationally, that is all.
Viscount Pavel Murado.
I receive thy Crest as my own.
Not what I was expecting, but entertaining.
Who are you?
I am Waldlind Margrave Marrine Kreische's lady-in-waiting, Layla.
The same, Kamhi.
What do you want?
Lord Milza, our mistress would like to meet with you.
The Alliance leader, meet with me?
I wonder what Alexis would think if he hears about this battle...
My lady.
Enter.
So what did Crown Prince Milza say?
He said he'd like to meet directly with you right away.
However, we were told to bring you alone.
Unless we bring Dartania into the Alliance fold, we can never defeat Altirk.
Villar Constance...
Turns out he did not have what it takes to rule.
I have no use for anyone who lacks the will to unite the continent.
Announcing the Margrave of Waldlind, Factory Alliance leader, Lady Marrine Kreische.
I am Milza Kuches, Crown Prince of Dartania.
I hear you seek my aid in uniting the continent.
Yes.
My father, Matthias, and I have inherited the dream envisioned by my grandfather.
To unite the continent, and merge all Crests.
If the legend is true, the era of Chaos will come to an end by doing so.
I have been told that you desire to do the same.
Well, I'm not so sure.
I've been told how you met and fell in love with Alexis Doucet.
That's all in the past.
Let's not kid ourselves, shall we?
I don't care if it's only for tonight.
I will make you my conquest.
H-How vulgar!
Even if you sleep with me, you will have no claim over me.
I accept that.
Think of it as a ritual for allies about to go to war together.
Very well...
However, I have yet to be with a man.
I'll be leaving everything to you. Is that acceptable?
I will not pledge loyalty to you.
But from this moment on, I will become your sword.
As long as you march down the path of military rule, I swear to fight by your side.
THE BLACK PRINCESS
EPISODE 10: BLADE OF BETRAYAL
