The Town Along the River (continued)
It still hasn't come.
Is this what you're looking for...
Mr. Rei Kiriyama MATCH NOTIFICATION
CHUB
Finally, the time has come to play against each other in a public forum.
CREAK
This came to my house, so I figured you would get one, too.
So that's why I came over.
Either way, I just felt like I had to deliver this letter to you with my own hands.
So you opened my mailbox?
Without permission, Nikaido?
I've waited for so long.
True, it took me two years longer to reach 4th dan, but now is the real beginning!
The beginning of true battle!
You even opened the envelope! That's a crime!
To think, ever since the day I first played against you
at the National Children's Shogi Championship ten years ago,
I decided you'd be my lifelong rival and ever since, I put in effort to progress every day.
I researched under the moonlight, read books by the light of fireflies,
and told myself that I was just a late bloomer.
However, in the end, I too am a genius...
Well, see you at the game. Goodnight.
Ah!
Hey!
Bastard!
Listen when somebody's talking to you!
That's my line.
Take it, right from my hand!
This declaration of war in the form of a game notification!
I'll just call the federation myself for the info.
Don't put me off like that, Kiriyama! We're friends, aren't we?
Friends? This is the first I'm hearing it!
How did you come up with that?
That's how it usually goes.
We're rivals, we put in effort, and after overcoming those things,
In the end! We'll! High five each other!
FRIENDSHIP
EFFORT
Like that!
BFFs
Go with the flow here! This is the standard for boys' manga!
The main character of an orthodox boys' manga
wouldn't open somebody else's mail and appear with a smug expression on his face.
Wait, where's Mr. Hanaoka? He's usually with you.
My servant?
He's on vacation.
Thank you for always taking good care of Young Master.
In appreciation of his 45 years of service to the Nikaido family,
we gifted him an 80-day cruise around the world.
BA-BAAM
BA-BAAM! Like that.
Master Harunobu,
Please take special care of your health until I return.
80 days? Then this strange beast will be loose the whole time?
Hey, about our upcoming game,
if I go first, will you go with a One-Turn Loss Bishop Exchange?
Or a Cornering Rook?
If you go first, will you do an Attacking Central Rook?
I could tell you, but how would you know if I was telling the truth?
Oh, come on. Don't be so cautious.
After all, once we start, your strategy will be obvious.
Then why not keep your eyes peeled on that day and confirm it yourself?
That's different. I'm just trying to mentally prepare myself.
Why do I have to help you with your mental preparation?
I don't get it.
Kiriyama, these cakes are delicious.
He's not even listening.
MIKAZUKI-DOU
Help me, Mr. Hanaoka!
The Town Along the River
Akari
I like the river.
There aren't many things that I like...
I go into a daze as my mind becomes quiet.
It's only one subway stop to Sendagaya,
but on match days, I like to look at the river on the way,
so I walk to the nearest JR Station.
I cross various bridges as I go.
It's strangely soothing,
maybe because when I was young, I lived in a town surrounded by a river on all sides.
Although my memories of that time are faint now.
A pro shogi player has 30 to 40 matches per year.
And there are title matches other than rank-deciding competitions,
most of them in tournaments, so the more you win,
the more matches you'll play.
There are some top-class players who have 70 to 80 matches a year.
Today's match is the qualifier for the NHK Cup.
If I make it past the qualifying round of this TV station-sponsored tournament,
and participate in the final tournament,
then, you can guess from the name, NHK Cup...
Please let me win this match and be on TV.
May I beat my opponent, Kiriyama, with my way of shogi.
May I incinerate his amoeba, conventional book play with my burning manly soul!
Kiriyama!
Kyaaa!
Did you run? Did you just try to run?
You know what that is? That's called a spiritual defeat!
His name is Issa Matsumoto.
Rank C-2, 26 years old, 5th dan.
His playing style is aggressive.
In fact, all he does is attack.
He charges at his opponent like a wild boar or a ball of fire.
SHOGI HALL
U-Um...
I-I can't see.
Wh-What? S-Scary.
I see it!
Hey. Knock it off, Issa.
You'll scare me.
TAHAAA
Oh sorry, Smith! I can't help but get carried away.
SPIN SPIN
TWITCH TWITCH
I envy how you wear your heart on your sleeve.
But still, cut it out.
You'll scare me so much that all the pieces in my head could scatter.
This is Smith.
Rank B-2, 6th dan.
180 cm Kendo Club (almost never attends)
181 cm Volleyball Club (never attends)
It seems they get along well because they're both tall.
Well? How's that, Kiriyama?
PAWN
You're putting it there?
PAWN
BISHOP
If I take it, his horse will retreat.
DRAGON HORSE
DRAGON KING
Kiriyama 6 - f - Dragon Horse
Matsumoto 5 - g - Pawn
Kiriyama 5 - e - Knight
It's not over yet!
Matsumoto 4 - h - Gold General - Retreat
Kiriyama 6 - g - Knight - Promoted
Matsumoto 5 - h - Lance
Kiriyama 5 - i - Silver General
I-It's not over! It's not over!
Not over, over, not, not over!
Gold General
GLOOM
He wanted his grandpa in the countryside to see him.
His grandpa isn't doing well, so he's in the hospital.
If NHK broadcasts it, you can watch from anywhere.
When Issa was a kid, his grandpa is the one who taught him how to play shogi.
Hey, cheer up, Issa.
- Kiriyama said he'll treat us! - What?!
Don't you wanna see Akari?
Akari.
Parallel Displacement (5cm per second)
Akari!
Why do I have to treat you guys?
It's fine, it's fine. Besides, what's the use of a kid having all that money?
But I'm still a minor.
If you can't drink liquor, they've got juice.
Fruit, too. Although it's expensive!
If Issa is gloomy, the Shogi Hall gets gloomy, too.
Oh, Mr. Matsumoto and Mr. Smith. And Kiriyama.
A-Akari! Long time no see!
Hi there! You're as beautiful as ever.
- Please, have a seat. - Okay!
She's a totally different person here...
Maybe it really is a different person.
Here. Orange juice for you, Kiriyama.
Y-yes.
Thank you for wrapping the sweets the other day.
I'm sorry. She is the same person.
Women are amazing.
All right! I feel much better!
I'm drinking a lot tonight!
Kiriyama! You better get your wallet ready!
You're lucky to be in the company of these fun upperclassmen today, Kiriyama.
They won't force you to drink, so it's a fun and bright kind of drinking.
Of course, I would never force anyone to drink alcohol!
But they're sponging off me against my will.
You know this is Ginza, right?
There are scary upperclassmen, too.
The type that would force you to drink until you black out,
and then abandon you in front of the club.
Are you okay? Where are the people you were with?
Did they leave you here?
Here, have some water.
Where do you live?
R-Rokugatsu block.
Oh, that's near my neighborhood. I live in Sangatsu block.
Can you walk?
Goodness, you're just skin and bones.
Geez, you probably weigh less than me.
When I woke up the next morning, I was in that living room.
GONG GONG WHIRL WHIRL
Sis, he woke up!
He woke up!
U-Um... Where am I?
You're awake, huh?
Want some miso soup?
It was my first time there,
but for some reason, that old house made me feel nostalgic.
This was my first time meeting the three sisters.
Akari, Hina, and Momo.
These would be the kind of people to go out with.
G-Go out with?
They're kind and reliable.
Yes, of course!
Kiriyama, you can depend on me for anything!
Bullying younger classmen, sponging off of them...
All right, drink up, Kiriyama! It's my treat!
Hey, well said. That's the Issa I know!
Wait, why am I the one treating?
A toast to Issa!
Cheers, Kiriyama.
This Akari is different from the Akari at home.
But I think both of them are very beautiful.
Akari
Beyond the Bridge
The Usual Margarine
Nothing in here.
No bread, no instant noodles, no milk, no water.
I don't have toilet paper either.
Oh well. Guess I'll go shopping.
There are only warehouses, companies, and factories in Rokugatsu block.
The only way I can get food and daily essentials is by crossing
this bridge and going to the supermarket on the other side.
I wish there was a bento shop nearby.
I don't like going by myself to diners and street stalls.
Sangatsu block is on the other side of the bridge.
That's where Akari and her sisters live.
Hot... There's no shade.
I-I'm gonna melt.
For some time after moving to this town,
no matter where I walked, it felt like I was in a dream.
I couldn't hear sounds very well,
and the town seemed to flicker in black and white.
But, later on I realized that I'd been stressed out.
About living alone, and in a town I wasn't used to.
However...
it felt like the other side of the bridge lit up in full color.
They told me to come over anytime,
but did they mean it?
Still, just having a place where I was told to come over...
The words alone made me happy, and my stomach felt full.
That alone felt enough.
What's that?
I smell smoke, like something's burning.
Fireworks?
Super Market - Maru S
It's cool in here.
Obon Festival Preparation Goods
Obon
Obon Supplies
That's right. It's Obon.
I found Rei!
Momo?!
It's Rei!
Oh, are you shopping?
Instant noodles and sweet buns, huh?
I invite you over to eat, but you haven't been coming.
I see. Kiriyama prefers cup noodles over the food Hina and I cook?
I'm kind of shocked, Sis.
I did my best making the rice balls.
N-No, I... U-Um...
Don't run away!
Um...
Uh... It's not like that...
Here, hold this.
There's a limit of three to a customer.
Super Sale - Somen
This is what we wanted to buy.
We consume a lot of cold noodles in the summer.
And, this is what we're having tonight.
Rei, do you like fried chicken?
Y-Yes, I do.
Then come over. Let's eat together.
Okay.
For some reason, I can't say no to Akari.
Try to vomit. You'll feel better after.
Oh, you don't know how to throw up?
Well, all right. Don't bite my finger now.
Pardon me.
There.
There, there. You did good.
She saw exactly how pathetic I was from the start,
so I couldn't keep up any appearance.
Hello. Do you still have hemp twigs?
I sure do. Are you just starting? The sun's about to set.
Yes. Shopping took a little longer.
Let's hurry.
- It's later than I thought. - Yeah.
Hina, can you get the baking pan?
- The matches, too. - Okay.
It's lit.
No, no. Don't touch it, Momo.
Oh, that's right. This was the smell.
It was all throughout the town.
Horsies?
That's right. Mom and Grandma rode that to get back home.
Well, you might not understand yet.
It's okay. It's hard to understand.
But this is what we do.
My grandma and my mom, all the way down the line, all did this.
This is how it should be.
Is it you? Are you giving us food today?
Hurry up! And a little more than usual, please!
Where are your parents buried, kid?
In Nagano. That's my dad's hometown.
I see. That's far away.
All right, dinner's ready.
Let's eat.
You did a good job frying it.
- Hina did the frying this time. - I see.
The oil spattered me right here.
Uh-oh. Well, we did fry it twice.
That's no good. Rub some ointment on it.
There's some in one of my drawers.
There's no reminiscing or anything during dinner.
The wounds are probably still too fresh, not even dry, and they're here in this house.
What was it like for me that time?
When did I stop crying?
How long did it take me to regain my composure?
It's strange. I can't remember.
I've been in a daze for a while...
I've been in a daze ever since that one day.
I couldn't find anything else to do.
Nothing else...
When I left, Akari put the leftover rice and chicken into containers, and gave them to me.
Be sure to put them in the fridge when you get home.
Heat them in the microwave when you eat them.
Come over again on Monday, after your match is over.
That's the last day of Obon, so I'll make plenty of food.
Having company over...
but her voice was so soft, I couldn't hear her clearly.
On the way home, the wind was strong on the bridge,
but the leftovers I held against my stomach was warm, like a small animal.
Beyond the Bridge
Next Episode Preview
Episode 3
Your rival is waiting for you with incredible spirit!
You're late, Kiriyama! I got tired of waiting for you.
Excuse me, is the air conditioning working?
Let's continue!
It's heaven compared to the roof of that department store.
The last piece of fried chicken...
1, 2...
Don't miss the next episode of March Comes in Like a Lion!
Please look forward to it.
