There she is now.
I wonder what's wrong. Hina? That's you, right?
Hina?
Rei...
Sis...
Hina!
Ladybug Bush (Part 2)
These were the circumstances.
There was bullying going on in Hina's class.
It began suddenly in April, when the now third-year classes switched,
splitting up into groups based on names in alphabetical order.
You're such a pest.
Wh-Why?
The victim was scared...
It started a vicious circle.
The girl's name was Chiho.
She and Hina were classmates since elementary school
and always gotten along well.
Chiho was a really cute, kind, and quiet girl who always smiled.
The third year began, and entrance exams were looming.
When everyone was in the grip of a nameless anxiety,
they said she was flirting with boys,
or acting like a goody-goody in front of the teacher.
For vague reasons like these,
they began to ostracize her from their group.
Chiho recoiled and in response, the girls in the group shunned her even more.
Everyone else was afraid of that group and just looked on from a distance,
but of course, Hina couldn't do something like that.
She was too fond of this girl who she was friends with since elementary school.
Why are you cleaning all by yourself?
Where are the others?
Um, they said they had things to do...
These are the pajamas we have to do for home economics.
Why are you bringing home everyone else's, Chiho?
For six people?
I-It's not what you think. I volunteered to do it.
Let's talk to the teacher about this.
It can't go on like this.
No, don't tell the teacher!
If everyone found out, they would bully me even more!
Hina, please! Don't tell anyone.
But little by little, the situation escalated.
One shoe is missing...
My bag too...
The other shoe was dropped in the toilet.
Chiho had a lot of absences from school after that.
I think you're misreading it, Ms. Kawamoto.
The girls in that group are just playing harmless pranks.
You shouldn't turn every situation into a bad one.
I thought you were a more positive girl, Ms. Kawamoto.
Her teacher, too.
Hina, you shouldn't get involved with Sakura.
They might target you next.
And her classmates, too.
- Huh? - Us?
Sorry.
I've had my hands full preparing for entrance exams this year.
They all pretended that they didn't see anything.
And then, finally...
This is sudden, but Ms. Sakura is moving to another school due to family circumstances.
Chiho!
Hina!
She'd stopped going to school,
so her mother decided they would move to Iwate, where Chiho's father was working.
I'm sorry, Hina.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
After everything you've done for me...
Huh?
B Group is short one person. Where's Sakura?
Teacher, Sakura changed schools.
What? This late in the year? And so suddenly.
I know. I hear they suddenly decided to move.
I mean, really, who would go that far?
I'm sorry. Hina, I'm sorry.
Kawamoto! Knock it off, Kawamoto!
And so...
they next set their sights...
on Hina.
Hina.
Sis, what should I have done?
Chiho was crying. She said she was afraid to switch to another school.
She said, What if I get bullied over there too? She was terrified!
Sis, I couldn't...
do anything to help Chiho!
Not one thing!
Sorry, Momo.
I-I'm fine.
Sorry! I-I'm going for a run!
No, Hina! Don't go outside! It's dark!
- Don't go! - I'll...
Hina!
Hina!
Why did this happen?
School was so fun to go to every day until the second year.
Chiho was so stressed with everything, so why did everyone...
pretend they didn't see anything or like, If you protect her, they'll target you next.
Why?
But things turned out the way they said it would.
From tomorrow, I'll be alone.
I'll be all alone...
I'm so scared!
The truth is, I've been scared this whole time.
But... But...
I don't regret anything at all! I can't!
Because...
At that moment, as I saw her declare that through sobs,
it felt like I was struck by lightning.
It's strange.
Even after...
so much time has passed,
something can save you,
coming in like a storm from a completely different direction.
Hina...
Thank you.
You are...
my lifesaver.
I promise.
I'll stay with you.
Rei...
Even if it takes the rest of my life, I will pay you back.
Ladybug Bush (Part 2)
Ladybug Bush (Part 3)
The next day,
on the way back home from school,
Rei was sitting on a bench...
next to the bridge.
There's something I want to research, so I was hoping you can take me to the library.
That's what Rei said, so I led the way.
I hadn't been to the library since elementary school.
When I saw the chairs in the kids' corner,
it made me think, Were we that small?
and tears came to my eyes.
Book of Manju Easy Sweets Basics of Traditional Sweets
They had all of these.
As Rei said that, he brought over several books of beautiful sweets.
Traditional Sweets Recommended Japanese-style Sweets
I'd seen some of the sweets before at Grandpa's shop.
There were also many pretty sweets I never even knew about.
Rei sat next to me, gazing at field guides on plants and insects.
There it is.
I see.
It was called a silverthorn.
And what I've always called a two-starred ladybug is actually named
Harmonia axyridis.
The characters for ladybug are Heavenly Path Insect?
I wonder why.
When I muttered that...
Hold out your hand.
That tickles.
It keeps climbing.
It took off!
As we watched the ladybug fly away, Rei explained to me...
that the Japanese name is from long ago, when people pointed at this cute little creature,
as it flew towards the sun.
That's how it got its name.
Ladybug Bush (Part 3)
Feelings
While she gripped my sleeve and cried,
my whole body throbbed as if it had become one heart,
and it was so painful that it felt like it wanted to tear me apart.
In that moment, I wanted to hunt down the people who made her cry
and rip them limb from limb,
but that wouldn't solve the problem.
That wouldn't benefit her at all.
So think. Think.
What should I do?
Think!
Then, when we got back to her house...
I just finished making dinner.
You went to the library? With Rei? That's great.
Rei, come on in as well, okay?
It was Akari and Momo, the same as usual,
a warm dinner served on a low dining table,
and a grim-looking Grandpa, waiting for her.
Hey. Hina, sit down.
Akari told me everything.
PAW PAW
Hina...
You did good!
Grandpa?
SUICIDE, VICTIM WAS BULLIED
Even I know how nasty bullying is after seeing it in newspapers and on the news.
BULLYING BEHIND SUICIDES, RISING
140,000 CASES OF BULLYING
SCHOOLS BEING NEGLIGENT
Teacher Responses: Don't rock the boat. Do you feel bad about it? Bully Responses: Click their tongue when I go by
When Bullied Students Speak Up
They put junk in my food. Girl changes schools after bullying
Bullying Countermeasures Commission
Every time I see it in the news, it breaks me up.
And yet you tried to help your friend out of a scary situation like that!
That took real courage!
Not many adults could've done that!
You're amazing!
I'm proud of you, granddaughter!
You didn't do a single thing wrong!
You helped your friend!
Be proud of yourself!
Grandpa.
I will.
After that, we all had dinner.
Grandpa told me, Thanks for going after Hina last night.
Now eat up, and he slapped me on the back.
Hina ate a lot too, though she was crying the whole time.
We had deep-fried chicken, potato salad, and cream stew.
Akari made all the food that Hina loves.
As I chewed, I continuously searched my brain for something I could do.
Feelings
Next Episode Preview
Episode 27
You can take your time on this, so listen patiently to their thoughts.
You must honorably repay gratitude. That is the way of things for humanity.
You're finally willing to do it!
I'm happy for you, Nikaidou!
I mean, I'm a guy after all, so...
I'm really no good, huh?
ILLUSTRATOR: TSUNAMI UMINO
I'm hungry-meow.
I want some fried chicken-meow.
Potato salad is good too-meow.
