Miketsukami
This is Darjeeling.
Oh, I'm fine...
There's no reason to be so timid.
You look like a small animal, trapped by a fox.
Perhaps this is the first time you've been bewitched.
Madam, it would be cruel
to laugh too much.
Each supernaturally descended house
Kagerou
was quite wealthy.
Those children were to be treated
as literal reincarnations of the ancestors,
and were to be carefully raised, to bring more fortune to the family.
At least, that was the common belief.
However, there was another, darker belief.
In the Miketsukami family,
which carries the blood of the evil nine-tailed fox, kyuubi,
the family believed that it would gain power through the control
of the reincarnation housing this immense power.
Thus, I was put under house arrest. Enshrined, if you will.
I was allowed to attend school, under strict supervision.
But otherwise, this room was my everything.
Everyone pretended not to see anything unusual
in these strange circumstances.
I must have had parents, but I never formally met them.
That is the type of house it was.
Every household with supernatural creature blood feels a bit like a cult,
but I was too young to rebel against that distortion.
All I had was
the knowledge I could glean from school,
the cunning I was born with,
and my own self.
At first, it was the maid.
Playing a lonely, vulnerable boy,
starved for physical contact,
sufficed to convince most women to lower their guard.
After that, I needed only to worm my way into their hearts.
From there, I branched out,
each time moving on to more powerful women.
Miketsukami
Soushi, I'm leaving soon.
And then, finally,
I reached the most powerful woman of the house.
It was easy to earn her favor.
She had no children,
and her husband had come to ignore her.
She was lonely.
Stop that.
I had only to treat her as a woman.
For time, money, and I
I'm going to be late.
were abundantly available.
As her pet, I gained freedom.
From being with her,
I gained experience, luxury, and refinement.
But I did not plan to stop there.
I wished for true freedom.
A year later, my wish was granted.
I saw my chance at a party I attended with my lady.
Someone whose family
was more powerful than the Miketsukami family.
I found it in a woman with a keen sense of justice.
She was kind and helpful.
She had too much free time,
and a tendency to be intrusive.
I understand.
So this is what has been happening in the Miketsukami house?
This business will probably get complicated,
but you don't have to worry any longer.
You have been through quite a lot.
Yes.
It looked as though she pitied me enough.
I will... I will finally be set free?
Since the entire family is complicit in this imprisonment,
there's no one I can even speak with.
You can come live with us.
Miss Ayame.
Thank you...
Hey!
Don't get any ideas, just because you're tall.
You little brat.
I am taking you home for my son.
Oh, a boy?
I've never been with one before, but I will do my best.
That's not what I meant...
I simply can't allow something like this to happen.
Like you, my son carries our ancestor's blood.
Her name was Ayame Shoukiin.
And then, I met her son.
Her son, Kagerou Shoukiin.
From this day forth, you're part of my gang!
Why don't you start by licking my shoe?
All right.
Wait...
Have you no pride?
One can only have self-respect if a self exists, Master Kagerou.
As you said, from this day on, I'm yours.
I have no self beyond you.
Wow.
What a boring guy.
My name is Soushi Miketsukami.
I was told to stay in that house until I came of age.
Until then, I accepted my position as
a conversation partner and caretaker for Kagerou.
I wanted money for the time when I would finally live alone.
As expected from the Shoukiin family,
the salary was more than enough.
I like it! I like it!
Let's go, Rascal!
I had but to hold out until I was twenty.
Then I could have real freedom.
Until then, I needed to be able
to do everything flawlessly.
A poser, an imposter, a flatterer.
That was how I'd survived till then.
Write something good back to this.
It's a letter from your fiancee, Ririchiyo Shirakiin.
Are you certain?
I'm sure.
I can't be bothered.
You write to her.
Yes, sir.
Kagerou's fiancee was a girl from a family
that drew from the blood of a different oni than that of the Shoukiin family.
I'd never met her,
but from her nice handwriting and diction,
I got the impression of a polite and delicate girl.
I can't write back the way that Kagerou would.
He'd probably write something like, I want you to be my sex slave.
I have to write in a nicer way than he would,
without being untrue to him.
I will create a fake Kagerou in my head,
one that she would be prone to like.
He should be someone with a lot of tolerance.
Like her, he should be polite, with a high sense of morality.
As with every other women, I must simply adjust myself so she'll like me.
It's easy.
I've been doing it for a long time.
And that's how our correspondence began.
But it did not go as I expected.
Writing replies started to become difficult.
This book doesn't do anything for me...
Which passage should I pretend moved me?
I didn't have the capacity to be moved.
For I had always lived observing others' reactions, heedless of my own feelings.
All I had were the three base needs shared by everyone,
and the ambition for freedom.
While I could imitate personalities,
it took me a while to learn to simulate emotions
I did not actually feel.
It is my job to make her like Kagerou.
I need to write as if it deeply affected me.
Kagerou is a calm, tolerant man.
I believe that character should be good for empathy.
Therefore, that scene will move me.
And that scene...
What a boring guy.
That's what he meant.
And I understood. I had no interests at all.
I had lived my life without sparing emotion for the small things.
I had no passion.
But whenever I wrote her a letter,
I couldn't stop thinking about it.
Our correspondence continued.
To have topics of discussion,
I observed and listened to many things.
She seemed the type who would stay at home and focus on her interests,
so I acquainted myself with classic literature and music.
I talked about many things with her,
I know that I would only consider beds made by Simmons.
even fairly obscure topics.
It seems the summer has ended.
Generally, I am not so well in summer.
But I also feel like it's a turning point.
But toward the end of it,
I look back and realize that I never could change at all.
She was a sentimental person.
That was my impression, after our long correspondence.
That she was delicate, sensitive, and clean.
There were some imbalances to her,
but that was part of her, as well.
Normally, you would let them pass,
but I couldn't ignore them.
Since I could not
be moved by the same things that moved her,
I had to imagine how it would feel.
Here, Kagerou would...
And then she would...
I started drinking coffee recently.
We have a mynah bird at the mansion.
He always talks with me,
despite my lack of skill.
It's spring again.
I'm nervous about changing classes.
I do like to study.
It's fun to learn things you didn't know before.
But anyway, about that book...
I really like this song.
I became quite accustomed to thinking as the imaginary Kagerou.
It became natural.
But I didn't think imagining something
could lead to such a delusion.
These were not my own emotions.
No matter how much I had disguised myself in the past,
I had never been taken over by my role.
So why?
I had been changed by her.
This paper construct had gotten into it,
and become drunk on emotion.
While it was nothing more than imitating her,
it felt like my sensibilities were opening up...
It has been arranged that my fiancee
will stay with us during summer vacation.
I don't have to tell you not to say anything about the letters.
Of course.
The secret is safe with me.
I wondered what she would be like...
Thank you for picking me up.
I guess you want me to say something like,
Thank you for allowing me to stay here?
M-Miss Ririchiyo must be exhausted from her long journey.
Y-Yes... I will show her to her room
Could I get the evening paper?
I'd like to read the news and check my stocks.
Y-Yes.
And that is my fiancee.
Are you surprised?
No.
But I was surprised.
I'd have never thought my correspondent and this girl could be the same.
Maybe someone else had written her letters,
as I had been writing the letters to her.
In fact, the letters were not something a child like her would have written.
Even if she was incapable of forcing a smile,
I saw she'd been loved enough,
protected, and had thus come to be.
Too different from myself.
But what surprised me most of all
was my own disappointment...
I'm told my fiancee threw up from stress.
She must be nervous, being in an unfamiliar place.
She was never hardy to begin with.
Nervous?
You might not think so, but it's true.
You might be disappointed that she was the author of those letters,
but try not to dislike her.
She did write her own letters?
Of course.
She probably wouldn't have even thought to have someone else do it.
She's not capable of something like that.
It seems she's being bullied at school,
and things at home aren't going well, either.
In the sense that she's being kept...
She's just like you.
If that is the case,
I must increase my skill level.
I'll have to move and live more adeptly.
She's not like me...
She was not like me, a person void of emotion.
Despite her young age, she was sensitively attuned to all sorts of things.
But did anyone know that about her?
Did anyone notice that about her?
Her small, humble body was so different from mine,
and I found that difference almost painful.
This... This feeling alone, belongs only to me.
This... This feeling alone, belongs only to me.
You're still writing to each other?
Yes.
But I've already moved out.
Find a good cutoff point, and stop writing.
You're moving out soon, too.
Do you not feel like it anymore?
What? Don't tell me you do.
You like to joke.
She is my beloved master's fiancee.
I like it, I like it!
A stolen love!
This is truly fun!
Is that so?
But that wasn't it.
I simply wish to watch over her.
I never expected I'd ever think something like that.
Since that summer vacation,
she began writing more about herself.
I found her fragility, and even her clumsiness, precious.
It made me happy that she opened her heart to me.
But each time I thought that,
I quickly returned to myself.
She was not opening up to me.
She was opening up to an illusion.
An idealized version of Kagerou I had created.
Someone I could never be...
I'd like to hear about your childhood.
For the first time, I wrote of myself.
In order to not defile her vision, I painted a blurred picture.
I knew quite well that what I was doing was wrong.
But in the face of that impulse,
nothing else mattered.
Was this what the main character from that book felt?
That there was no one in the world but the two of them...
You always felt somewhere far away, Kagerou.
But for the first time, I feel like you've gotten closer...
For the first time, I feel like I've seen the real you.
She wrote for the first time to me,
when I finally had honestly written to her.
You are right.
This pathetic thing is my identity...
You noticed.
Thank you.
Since I met you,
I've noticed many things, too.
I met my little sister today.
She called me'big sister,' and that made me feel so...
Do you know Andre Gagnon?
I really like the song'Comme au premier jour.'
I saw the car that you said you drive downtown.
I couldn't help but peek inside.
You're a very nice person, Kagerou.
You don't know how an olive tree smells?
I'm sure you would, if you smelled it.
You must have passed one before...
I see. You're leaving next week.
I'm going to try living alone until next spring.
Until next spring?
Yes.
Starting next spring, I'll be working as a bodyguard
at a place called Maison de Ayakashi.
But that's where Kagerou lives.
That's right.
I wish to keep taking care of him.
You're so straightforward in that regard.
All I wanted was to be closer
than anyone else, nothing more.
It is as Master Kagerou says.
I have been deceiving you.
For her? Or for yourself?
It is true that I do not want to hurt Miss Ririchiyo.
But right now, I am afraid
to have the matter of the letters exposed,
as I wrote them only because I wished for her to know me...
What's wrong, Soushi?
Aren't you going to tell her?
Tell me what?
Tell you about those letters, my betrothed.
Those letters were not written by me.
Miss Ririchiyo...
I knew that already.
You really thought I believed you'd written those letters?
Do you think I'm blind?
I knew it wasn't you.
You were not the person I waited for!
She noticed...
Well... That's boring.
Wha
Miss Ririchiyo!
Wh-What are you doing?!
She's scared, she's scared...
I have no more business with him.
So we're alone now. That's all.
I don't have any business with you.
Don't say that...
Look at this, my betrothed!
Where were you keeping that?
This!
I'm sorry.
What do you say to that?
Is this
a note written by a child?
Horrible handwriting, isn't it?
Well, I couldn't compliment it.
That is my handwriting.
That's the reason.
Forgive me.
I do regret it, you know.
You guys became friendly without me, too...
In my own way, I did feel inferior to him.
Just as I had something he wanted.
So I attempted to pull him into this apology, but I've apparently failed.
While my fiancee is smart, the flip-side seems to be
that she cannot react well to sudden changes.
Those letters were written by Soushi.
I'll come bother you again if you get lonely.
I have known you for a long time.
So he wrote them.
I've been waiting so long to meet you.
I see...
What do you even know about her?
It was him.
I'm so glad to hear that, Miss Ririchiyo.
That's why he always knew.
That's why you always noticed...
It was you?
Miss Ririchiyo!
No... No.
It was you who noticed me...
Maison de Ayakashi,
also known as Ayakashi Kan.
A luxury apartment complex, complete with bodyguards.
Secretly, it's a place where humans, partially descended from
supernatural creatures live.
After coming here and meeting all the people here...
After meeting you, Miketsukami...
I am...
The Day We Came Together
The Day We Came Together.
I am sorry.
