I was afraid that this day would come.
If an Age of Cosmos were to arrive, who would stand to benefit?
The Lords would lose their Crests, the Mages would lose their magic,
and the Artists would lose their Art.
Everyone else, all of the ordinary people are hoping for an Age of Cosmos!
During the Age of the Ultimate Chaos,
we fought alongside the humans with Chaos as our common enemy.
But as Chaos began to fade away,
more and more humans began to fight among each other.
So what do you think will happen if Chaos were to vanish completely?
Even in the Age of Cosmos, there would probably still be wars.
But that would be the decision of the people in that era.
Vampire King, didn't you become an Artist so that you could survive the Age of Chaos?
That is true.
And I also intend to go on surviving. Forever, that is.
Towards that end, I must defeat you.
If I succeed, the Grancrest will never be born.
Then, why live at all?
If it's only to keep living, then it's no different than being dead.
Ive lost my Art. But my feelings haven't changed.
Ill protect my beloved sister, and I'll risk my life to do so!
Risking my life in order to preserve my life...
Is that unacceptable?
I'm not saying it's unacceptable.
But that's boring.
That's right!
Mother died protecting us!
Werewolves always risk their lives to protect their clan!
Well avenge our clan!
Well said!
Big Brother Aeon!
The Vampire King!
This is his real body.
That one over there is just a shadow!
I'm impressed that you found it.
If I kill this one, that'll extinguish you, too!
Give up, Vampire King!
I didn't manage to survive because I was the most powerful.
It's because even if I was killed, Ill leave behind shadows, and continue to live!
What nonsense!
Revenge for my mother!
You fool.
What?
Release!
Sir Theo!
Please stay out of my way.
I told you that I'd protect Siluca with my life!
You're not my type!
Aishela!
It seems the shadows drain life-force out of anyone they touch.
Please be careful.
- How dare you hurt everyone! - We won't forgive you!
If killing your main body doesn't kill you, then we'll just destroy all of your shadows!
Ill destroy you this time, Vampire King!
I wonder if you can, little wolf cubs?
Emma! Luna!
Now all that's left is you two.
You wont get your way!
Now, then, farewell.
Lady Siluca.
Siluca.
Siluca!
Sir Theo!
You'll be all right now.
Priscilla?
What was that light?
It was the Holy Grail's... Priscilla's light.
Now he can't produce any more shadows.
I'm burning up.
Prepare to die!
How dare
Such a grudge against me.
Curse you!
Aeon!
I'll take in all of your Art!
Brother Aeon!
Let's end this, Vampire King.
Sir Theo!
Brother!
What's wrong?
Brother Aeon!
Hey!
Brother!
We don't want you to die!
Sir Aeon.
Lady Siluca, please be cautious.
There's a shadow there.
There's still one left, huh?
But his Art is starting to fade away.
I'm sure he can't create any new shadows in that state.
Emma, Luna.
What do you want to do with him?
P-Please don't kill me!
I don't want to die! I don't want to, no!
I don't want to die! I don't want to die...
He's weak.
Yeah, he's weak.
He's not the one who killed Mother and Brother.
We've already taken our revenge.
That's good.
All right.
Let's head to Eramu.
Are you Hubertus?
That's right.
I have a lot of questions for you.
About the Great Hall Tragedy...
How the Order of the Crest and Pandora are connected...
But what I want to know the most
is why you tried to stop the birth of the Grancrest, and the end of the Age of Chaos.
If you wish to know that last answer, you must touch this.
It could be a trap.
But I want to find out the truth.
No, I need to know the truth.
For the sake of what I plan to accomplish.
- I will accompany you. - Thank you.
But remember, it's what you sense that matters, Sir Theo.
All right.
Where are we?
Inside the Chaos Globe, perhaps?
Are we trapped in here?
I don't think these are our actual bodies. Our minds must be inside the Chaos Glo
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
Who are you?
My name is Pandora.
Pandora?
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
And why is that?
What's this?
This may be the previous civilization, said to have prospered before the Chaos explosion.
Amazing. A civilization like this from so long ago?
Yes. It is said to have existed.
But having only seen the records, it seemed more like a fantasy.
If the Chaos is extinguished, the technology that we lost can be regained.
In the distant future, we might be able to restore this civilization!
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
In spite of having contradictions and issues, this civilization matured as if it had a life of its own.
And then one day, they obtained the ultimate energy.
It was thought that civilization would evolve even further.
But that energy came to be used for weapons, as well.
How horrible...
The more civilization evolves,
the more its light and darkness become stronger, as well.
Is that why you insist that the Age of Chaos can never come to an end?
In order to stave off the end of the world, we have made a certain decision.
We must flood the world with Chaos, and destroy civilization.
What did you say?
Should the Age of Chaos end, humankind will eventually obtain the ultimate energy again,
and the world would certainly be obliterated.
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
That would signal the beginning of the end.
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
That was...
Probably a record of the previous civilization, and a memory of someone named Pandora.
As well as the Mage Academy's principles.
Should the Age of Chaos come to an end,
the technology of the previous civilization will eventually be restored.
The ultimate energy will be created, and then utilized as the final weapon.
I understand now why the Age of Chaos was brought on,
and the Mage Academy's principles.
But that doesn't change how I feel.
Just because the world might end in the distant future,
it's not right to sacrifice people living today, and those who haven't even been born yet.
Even if it signals the beginning of the end,
instead of Chaos, I choose the Age of Cosmos!
As you wish.
I think that would be fine.
After all, Sir Theo, you became a Lord in order to save those suffering under the Chaos.
Thanks.
Emperor, is that your decision?
Yes.
It's the beginning of the end.
Please summon the Margrave of Waldlind and the Marquis of Jalucia.
I'd like to announce the ascension.
As of now, in the name of the great First Lord, Leon, as well as my Crest,
I ascend to the throne of emperor!
The name of this empire is Leon.
And I hereby designate Eramu as its imperial capital!
An emperor is the spokesman of the people.
My goal is to rule so that all of you can lead safe, just, and happy lives.
That's what I dreamed for in Sistina, where the people suffer
under the Chaos and oppressive rule.
This might be just a vision.
But the emperor must adhere to this as his one principle,
and constantly strive to fulfill it.
In the future, if anyone in violation of this principle should become emperor,
I grant the people the right... No, the duty, to overthrow him.
And the people must follow the empire's principles, just as the emperor does.
In the name of the emperor, I ask all Lords to pledge allegiance to me.
And after all Crests have been unified, and the true Grancrest has been created,
I swear to bring an end to the Age of Chaos!
THREE YEARS LATER
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
You may now kiss the bride.
Here and now, two couples have been joined in matrimony.
The emperor has fulfilled his promise.
He has transformed the Great Hall Tragedy into a miracle!
The continent has been unified, and all Crests are now in the hands of the emperor.
Today, at this moment, the Emperor's Holy Seal, the Grancrest, will be born!
And so the Chaos that had overrun the continent was purged,
and at last, peace came to the world momentarily.
The First Emperor abdicated in favor of the Second Emperor, Alexis Doucet,
while Marrine, his wife, was appointed chancellor.
And Eramu's rule was entrusted to them.
After abdicating, Theo Cornaro returned to rule over Sistina, his homeland.
In order to bring happiness to his homeland, he had changed the world.
I'd dreamed of seeing this for so long.
Yes.
You've carried through magnificently, Sir Theo.
Siluca, my witch.
It's all thanks to you.
It was you who cast the best spell of all on this former wandering Lord.
From hereon, time will flow peacefully, in a calm pace, won't it?
Yes, I think so.
GRANCREST
