Galactic Imperial Calendar, Year 211
This is the first time you've been here, isn't it, Highness?
I've heard lots of stories about it. It's in textbooks, too.
It's Rune light!
Is that it?
Yes, that's Sakimori Academy.
Where our empire began.
And a land of curses and blessings.
Inuzuka-senpai...
What am... What am I gonna do?
I'm not picking up any radio signals. Tetraxion particle interference?
Calculating our location based on the position of artificial
satellites, this is the site of an old gravity reactor explosion.
An area with a radius of 100 km was quarantined as a contaminated zone.
Communications gear unusable. No spare air, either.
The conclusion I'm led to is...
What am I thinking?
It's not like I have a reason to live.
This is Captain Cain of the Dorssian Lunar Orbital Forces,
tasked with the extermination of the Class 7 Special Hazard Organisms.
We will now tow Module 77 to Dorssia Sphere 1.
We finally got our hand on one of these things,
so why aren't we allowed to pilot it?
They say that no one but those students can pilot them.
Come on, that's a lie.
I saw Captain Cain piloting one.
Oh, you did?
So, this is a Valvrave. I've never seen one up close before.
What do you say? Would you care to try piloting it?
I do wish you would relax.
As long as we are following Council policy
of keeping the Magiuses a secret, we are friends.
Friends?
Yes. Friends.
It is an enemy machine, but it is a thing of beauty.
Quit screwing around, Sashinami!
As long as we have no proof that you're
human, I can't let you aboard this shuttle.
Don't give me that crap!
What do you think Inuzuka-senpai was trying to prove when he protected you?!
And I'm grateful to him. But I can't accept your whole story yet.
You stubborn broad!
There are a lot of people that I have to keep safe!
You betrayed our trust. Do you have any idea how much Haruto
Come on, that's enough!
But she's
Sashinami made the call that she had to make as a leader, that's all.
Yamada, did you have a better idea at the time?
I didn't have any choice.
How can I trust someone who lied to me?
This one's no good, either?
If I can pick up a different satellite, maybe we can
You're wasting your time.
30 minutes of air left, huh?
Saki Rukino. You were there too, weren't you?
The person who shot my eye out was...
It's exactly as you imagine.
The L-elf who shot out your eye was body-jacked at the time.
Just as I thought. L-elf, you...
This country has changed.
The Dorssia Military Pact Federation...
Initially, it was an organization dedicated to military mutual
assistance meant to stand up to more developed countries.
But now, it's a political power player that pursues interests
and power just as much as ARUS. No, even more so.
A former prince certainly has a higher perspective on such matters.
It is not because I am royalty that I am lamenting that fact.
It is because I am a Dorssian citizen.
That, L-elf, is why I am gathering power with the intent of liberating Dorssia.
I know full well that it is a grandiose dream. Nevertheless...
No, it's not that, A-drei.
I'm laughing because I plan to liberate it, too.
I was the one who lost faith.
L-elf. I found a signal flare!
You can repair it, can't you? We can use this to call for help.
Impossible. Not without a piezoelectric fuse.
You want to be rescued?
Why are you trying to survive?
Because all our schoolmates are in danger!
We have to get back there right away!
You're still spewing that nonsense?
You've been abandoned.
By even Shoko Sashinami.
The only ones who eat humans are you and the other monsters!
Don't touch me, you liar!
All this time... You've been lying to me.
Y-You're wrong!
It... it was because Shoko's the prime minister!
That's why she
Learn when to give up!
Haruto Tokishima. There's no going back to the way things were.
You are a monster! An enemy of humanity!
You're wrong!
You're the enemy of Shoko Sashinami!
You're wrong!
How am I wrong? Face reality!
You're the ones who created that reality!
This all happened because you attacked us!
Don't try to shift the blame! Every choice was made by you!
Crap!
All I do is lose people that are precious to me!
Inuzuka-senpai, Marie, even Aina-chan!
All because... All because of you!
You're not the only one who lost someone! I lost Lieselotte!
Don't think for a minute that you're the only one
who's allowed to dream of a future!
You don't have a shot with her now. You killed Shoko Sashinami's father.
In the battle before we arrived in lunar orbit,
you annihilated the enemy's fleet, remember?
Shoko Sashinami's father was aboard one of the ships.
Why didn't you tell me?
What good would it have done?
You only would have tortured yourself over it.
I didn't know, and I...
Give up on her. It's impossible to repair that relationship.
Not for someone who's a monster and her father's killer.
Don't get the wrong idea.
Without the Valvrave, you can't possibly beat me!
Yamada, if the Allied Forces attack, will you still defend
Sashinami and the others?
I ain't gonna act like I ain't the kind of guy
who picks and chooses who he helps.
Ain't that right, Inuzuka-senpai?
Is apple okay?
Yes, sorry.
It's okay. If you're hungry, just say so.
Say, Shoko... Did we do something wrong?
What did we do that was so bad?
Nothing. We didn't do anything wrong at all.
I guess you're right...
We can't afford to let the Valvraves sit idle.
Haruto isn't coming back. So that means I...
Do you resign as a human being?
Hurry up and press Yes!
Haruto isn't piloting me, so I'm hungry! Starving, starving, starving!
Haruto?
Haruto pressed the Yes button?
Yes. He wanted revenge.
He said he wanted to get revenge. For someone named Shi... Shoko, I think.
Give up my humanity?
That's right. This won't work if you're still human.
What won't work? The Valvraves?
Yeah. Where did I put it? It was on the first day, so...
Found it!
Work! Work! You're a weapon, aren't you?!
I have to avenge Shoko! Please!
Haruto, you didn't...
You did it for me?
Please don't do this! I won't let you touch the Valvraves!
Haruto...
You've gotten on my nerves from the day I first met you.
You're always looking down on everyone!
You and your halfsies! You talk just like Lieselotte!
If you're so smart, why did we get into this mess?
If I'd had a Valvrave, I would have saved Lieselotte!
You monster!
What are you so desperately trying to survive for?
Your survival means the devouring of many human lives!
If you insist on spouting idealistic crap about wanting to
save others, die here so you won't cause any more suffering!
Your princess was a monster just like me!
What?
Lieselotte was a Magius.
What a pathetic lie.
If she were a Magius, she wouldn't have been held prisoner!
She had sided with humanity.
That's why she had a falling out with the Council.
Council?
An organization that keeps the existence of Magiuses secret from the world.
Preposterous.
Could an individual have built the Phantoms
and gotten the UN to take action?
The girl you fell in love with was a Magius.
Shut up!
She was ageless, had lived far longer than you,
and was a monster who fed on human life force!
Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
Shut your mouth!
Lieselotte, I can't believe that you were a Magius...
An ageless being who had lived for centuries.
The top of the food chain.
I can't believe I had been trying to save someone like you.
What a joke!
Tears...
Oh, right... It's because I made him sad...
And not just L-elf.
Is that why I'm being punished?
Don't you think you've done enough, Haruto?
Senpai?
Hey, you've done more than enough.
It's okay to finally rest, don't you think?
That world is nothing but suffering, you know?
Have I done all I could?
Yeah. You put up a good fight.
Thank you.
I'm sure that I wanted to hear someone say that.
Me?!
I had it all wrong, thinking you were being held prisoner.
Because you were one of them all along!
She had sided with humanity.
That's why she had a falling out with the Council.
You're wrong. Lieselotte really was being held prisoner.
What reason could she have had for siding with humanity?
The only clue is Lieselotte's words.
Her actions.
She worked with the Royalists and assisted us.
I've had enough. I'm just going to pack it in here.
So you're dying for nothing.
You gave it everything you had, even becoming a Kamitsuki.
But it was all for nothing.
You're wrong.
So what was I even born for, anyway?
To have my body tinkered with and be used as a lab rat?
You're wrong.
To pilot a Valvrave? To kill people?
Of course not!
Why, then?
Why did Lieselotte, who had probably lived for centuries as
a Magius, side with humanity?
What happened to you?
Michael...
You are very young, aren't you?
But there is no path ahead of us to travel down yet.
Wait, were you trying to create a path?
For both human and Magius?
My Runes are almost gone. I'm out of time.
That's exactly why. Let's at least go out kicking and screaming.
There is something left that you can do, isn't there?
I can't spend my life with you anymore. But I can carry on your dream.
When I was prepared to die, I felt free.
I don't care what anyone else thinks of me.
What matters is what I want to do!
That's why...
L-elf!
What was that?
What just happened?
Haruto Tokishima, what was that just now?
I don't know. But that light, it was...
Yes, it looked just like Cain's light.
True, it should come as no surprise that a Kamitsuki
would be capable of the same feats as a Magius...
L-elf. Do you think we can use this power to save ourselves?
It might be able to ignite the signal flare you found!
L-elf. I really do care about everyone at school.
I want to laugh with them again.
We'll build a place where human and Kamitsuki can live together.
Yeah. This time, it won't be a replacement for JIOR.
We'll create a country for us and by us.
The light that Cain produced was probably Runes.
The key to triggering them is information in the form of speech.
Like a magic spell? But I don't...
You spoke words that were close to being a spell.
It wasn't perfect, but they were words close enough to trigger it.
Even if we send up a signal flare,
it doesn't mean it will be an ally who comes for us.
It's a gamble. One with rather poor odds.
But they aren't zero.
L-elf. Together.
Right.
As I said, I...
A world where human and Kamitsuki can live together, huh?
It's going to be a long fight.
It's all right.
You have an idea?
Nope.
Hey, now.
I'm saying that we'll all think of something together.
The students, you mean?
The whole world.
To do that, they have to know about the Magiuses and the Council of 101.
I follow you. Expose the truth of the world, in other words.
Hiding the truth caused nothing but misery.
L-elf.
What?
There's nothing else that you're hiding from me?
There is.
Me, too.
Someone's coming!
I see it.
Class 7 Special Hazard Organism and deserter located!
Will now exterminate in accordance with UN Harmful Organism Control Law!
From beginning to end, we were a terrible team.
Well, we're polar opposites.
Unit 4?!
Miss Rukino?
Haruto! L-elf!
I found you again!
It's a Class 7 Special Hazard Organism! Shoot it down!
Haruto Tokishima.
Let's forge a new pact. To expose the truth of the world.
You're wrong, L-elf. This isn't a pact.
This is a promise.
L-elf, H-neun, and now you... What on earth is going on?
This isn't a betrayal.
This is punishment directed at me.
Next time, episode 23. The Operation to Retake Module 77.
Valvrave the Liberator...
The system that will expose the truth of the world.
