It appears that you're the last one.
Damn it! You damn brats... Who do you think you are?!
Dust Cyclone!
Flamethrower!
Combo Attack! Telekinetic Pillar of Flame!
Don't underestimate me! This is nothing
Good job, you two.
You've gotten stronger.
We've been practicing every day.
It's all thanks to your guidance, Teru-san.
Thank you for helping us, Takeuchi-san.
No need to thank me. I left the organization as well.
I acted like I betrayed you so we could pull off a splendid surprise attack.
You better be grateful for me and my peerless wit.
What? H-Huh? I can't move...
Kaito-kun.
Lie-Detection Telepathy!
It's okay. He hasn't betrayed us yet.
What do you mean, yet?!
So what are we going to do now?
Reigen-san said we didn't have to fight,
but I disagree.
We're going to take our city back.
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. Can't you feel your own frustration?
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. What do you want to be?
Wear your overflowing emotions on your sleeve and break it down.
What do you see once you go beyond your limits?
(99.9! 99.9!)
The mysterious percentage.
Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche,
cryin' my heart in such commonplaces!
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind?
It all begins when it hits 100.
The MOB is alive. The MOB is high.
The MOB is staying frustrated, aren't you?
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? Right now...
Your life is your own.
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
Mob Psycho
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Guidance Psychic Sensor
You pathetic dogs...
You've forgotten how terrifying your owner can be because I left you alone for a bit.
Sho is here.
Okay, let's go.
Say, Ritsu.
Why are you being so cooperative?
Because your situation wasn't completely unrelatable.
There are times when I worry what'd happen if Nii-san went berserk with his powers.
And Suzuki, your father is going berserk right now.
You're the only one who can stop him.
Yeah! I'll show you that I can finish this!
There you are,
Shimazaki!
I can tell at a glance...
He's really strong!
He's a teleporter that can read his enemy's movements.
First, I'll
You go on ahead.
I'll keep him occupied.
You can't deal with him alone.
He's one of the strongest in the whole organization.
And that's exactly why.
In return, promise me that you'll stop your father.
I promise. I'm glad to have you around.
Go!
He got away?
He doesn't intend to follow Suzuki?
I'm over here.
I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't resist so much.
I don't exactly like beating on weaklings.
You're just as weak!
Oh? And who are you comparing me to?
I should've taken him out before it got to this point.
I'd just been powerless to do anything but sit back and watch...
This is it for you.
Such a shame. You managed to get this far...
But now, you have to deal with me.
My dad is using his powers for evil,
but I'm going to use my powers to show him what's right!
I'm going to end this!
How awful. Someone used psychic powers to do this?
That's the enemy base.
Reigen and the others should be heading over, too.
Hey, there's still some brat here. Did he wait too long to run away?
Whoo! Got us some dinner.
So they're pillaging the area.
I've gone there with Ritsu before.
Return what you took from the store. Stealing is a crime.
You're supposed to be adults.
Who the hell are you?
This town belongs to us now.
Yo, stop. You're gonna traumatize him.
Stop messing around with your powers.
Don't use them like this.
Stop.
I-Is this kid a natural esper?
Could you guys manufacture this can?
Huh?
Could you actually grow the vegetables in this sandwich?
Could you fix that glass door you just broke?
Could your powers help you hit upon the idea of giving out a freebie for a lucky draw?
The hell are you trying to say?
You guys are making a huge mistake,
thinking you're special just because of your powers.
You should realize that you're only able to survive thanks to the help of others.
You fool! You can make anyone submit to you as long as you have power!
One last thing... Don't use your physic powers against others.
If you don't have anyone who can give you that advice,
I'll do it.
Holy crap, he's pissed. I'm gonna get back.
An attack by the enemy?
Gather everyone up!
Well, well...
Looks like we had quite the stray show up.
Minegishi-san!
I'll take him down. You guys back me up.
These will grow as much as I'd like if I give them my power,
and multiply as much as I'd like.
You can do it, too?
You don't really like plants, do you?
That's right. They're merely tools.
Go! Drop him!
Help Minegishi-san out!
Hit him with your telekinesis!
It's better to bend than break.
You should join our side.
That might be easier, but it's no fun.
You should see the difference in our abilities by now.
You sure you won't change your mind if I hurt you a bit more?
I always wanted to be able to use psychic powers.
But now that I've finally awakened to these powers, I finally understand...
To shed blood, sweat, and tears in order to live a fun life...
What I really wanted was that kind of wholehearted devotion.
I won't let anyone take away my ability to live a fun life!
Guess you might not be a good fit, after all.
In that case, I'll just...
Ow...
I managed to land a hit for the first time!
My, my, you're far more resilient than I'd imagined.
We need to repay you for what you did earlier.
I guess you're not sewer rats. You're cockroaches.
We've changed since we were in Claw.
Now that we want independence, we're far more resilient.
The results won't change, no matter how many times you try.
Don't act so tough. We know you're panicking.
Even if you can read our moves,
you should hit your limit with so many people.
I'll be getting my revenge!
Takeuchi!
Tsuchiya!
Not happening!
Aren't you going to shoot?
I don't think capture tactics will be of much use.
I told you...
Cleaning
The result won't change, no matter how many of you there are.
Attack more!
The more moves we make,
we can figure out where he'll teleport and finish him!
They're far more capable than those people in the division...
Don't stop, Shigeo!
All right! He's panicking! Let's hit him some more!
Looks like you're having some trouble.
You're...
I wouldn't mind lending you my support.
Now, go!
It's Matsuo, the evil-spirit user!
He's gonna send all kinds of monsters at us!
I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't underestimate me...
Matsuo-san!
What's this small bottle?
Talk about bad taste.
N-No, anything but that!
Even I can't control it! Don't touch it!
You dumbass! We have Minegishi-san!
Wh-What? Why's everyone falling...
What... is that?
Mogami-san!
This isn't good.
What is that?
So, after the poison jar, you now want me to devour a horde of espers...
You're such lowly creatures...
Wh-What the hell is that?!
My plants aren't listening to me!
Mob Psycho
Winner
Mob Psycho
Wi
Stop!
Why are you trying to stop me?
I've been watching, and none of these insects deserve to live.
There are humans that never change.
But... they might be able to change!
Promise that you won't do anything bad ever again!
I promise... Spare me...
See?!
What if he's just lying so he can survive?
Are you going to watch over them until they've reformed?
You think you can keep an eye on them forever?
Well... no.
But we need to have faith in one another in order to get through life.
If we can't do that, we'll never get anywhere.
I'd expect nothing less from you.
But there are things that can't be solved with mere kindness.
It's also necessary to be hard on people at times.
If you can do that, you will be invincible, Kageyama Shigeo-kun.
Did Mogami disappear for good this time, or...?
Be hard on people, huh?
I'm not very good at that.
I'm here now. Claw is finished!
Sho, there must've been a better way of doing this.
We're family.
What? Now you want to act like a father?
You never cared about a damn thing I said.
You should've attacked while playing the obedient son.
Don't get in my way any further.
It took me twenty years to get here.
Serves you right! I've ruined those twenty years for you!
I'm just as strong as the Ultimate 5 now!
Fight me, man to man!
Don't make me laugh.
Never look down on your father.
A stupidly powerful barrier that activates when I try to get close...
Is that your true power?
In that case...
Damn it... He's mocking me!
These techniques are mere child's play.
I thought you would've grown a little more than that.
Oh? You've learned how to mess with the refraction factor of light?
This is my trump card!
Here's the energy I've saved up over three months...
Charge Bomb!
Hell, yeah! Justice prevails!
I'm so sorry. I wouldn't have taken a bathroom break if I'd known this'd happen.
That's fine.
My son's just going through his rebellious phase.
Being a bad boy again?
You'll never turn out to be a decent adult like that.
Screw you! That was three months' worth of energy!
Let's stop fighting and happily take over the world together.
Don't bother.
I can see why Sho would disagree with this.
You fear this plan will fail, don't you? You don't know the outside world, after all.
The real reason I went around the world
was to see if world domination would actually be realistic.
But ultimately, I couldn't find a single esper stronger than me in this world.
I have the ultimate power.
And that gives you the right to take over the world?
Did you hear that, Serizawa? He's totally messed up in the head.
President...
You're so cool.
Absolute idiots are the worst to deal with!
I'm impressed with your attack earlier.
The apple really doesn't fall far from the tree.
Don't lump me in with you! How am I anything like you?!
You said you were charging up energy for three months?
I have the same ability.
What?!
Didn't I tell you?
I spent twenty years preparing for this.
Don't tell me that the last twenty years wasn't to gather all those troops...
I guess it wouldn't hurt to show you some of my twenty years...
Why not give up already,
you poor souls the boss named the Scars?
Shut it!
You're a goddamn coward that doesn't have to guts to go against the boss!
The real reason he named you Scars is because you're all failures.
You were marked as damaged goods!
Screw you!
Telekinetic Helix!
As for the basics required of espers...
we're on a entirely different level.
I'm saying this for your own good.
You should just give up.
But that manhole cover had some effect, didn't it?
Teru-san!
Yeah. It looks like attacks he didn't detect actually work against him.
He's the one who's been cornered here.
You're quite efficient.
Because of that,
I'll get rid of you first, once and for all.
Not good. He's going to destroy him.
What can we do?
I believe it's time to end things.
Next, you'll come from behind!
You
It might be convenient to be able to read your opponents' moves,
but that also makes your moves monotonous.
You rely too much on your powers.
Well, this is surprising.
If we disregard the boss, I do have the position as the world's greatest.
There are people in this world with powers you can't even fathom.
You're just an ordinary man. Even I could defeat you.
Why y
You're right! It's when he's distracted!
Nice, Little Bro!
Fifth Punch!
Super Destructive Energy Blast!
I-I need to regain my...
C-Concentrate...
Concentrate. Concentrate and you'll be able to figure everything out.
Everyone here is an esper. Cut everything else out.
Concentrate. Concentrate.
Mind's Eye!
Nothing you can do will ever work on me again.
Your injuries, the weaknesses even you're not aware of,
and the fact that you can barely see now...
I can see through everything now.
It's too late to have any regrets.
What's the matter?
Something with tremendous energy is heading this way.
Pretty sure that's my friend.
I guess you finally woke up,
Kageyama-kun.
How amusing.
Let's see whose abilities are greater!
I'll face you head-on!
Self-Defense Rush!
One of Reigen's special moves where,
Self-Defense Rush
when he's unsure if it's really self-defense, he yells out self-defense just in case.
Impossible! I couldn't sense him at all.
Who is he?!
Reigen-san!
Everyone, get up! The great master is here.
The great master? Don't tell me...
There's an esper who can actually make his presence disappear?
What should I do? Should I withdraw?
Master, he's rather strong.
He's dangerous, so please step back.
Oh, hey, Mob.
That boy from earlier and this unknown esper...
Just how many are there?
Do they have some kind of huge organization?
More importantly, this kid... is on a whole other level.
Yeah, I give up. I don't stand a chance. I give.
Well, that was easy.
What happened to taking over the world?
The only one serious about that is the boss.
I don't really care as long as I get to have fun.
As long as you get to have fun?
You disrupted the lives of so many people just for that?
You can't be serious.
He ran away!
I don't feel like we won at all.
He might attack again.
No, I'm pretty sure he's been traumatized.
I think he might've learned his place and turned over a new leaf.
Nii-san.
Ritsu! Are you okay?
Yeah. Mom and Dad are somewhere safe, too.
I see. So it's just like Dimple and Master said.
We sure had one hell of a scare.
Shut up.
Now, then... I guess all we have left is the last boss.
Hoshino-kun and the others should be getting people to safety right about now.
Let's meet back up with them and attack.
No.
You're all hurt.
I'll go alone.
K-Kageyama-kun! What are you talking about?!
I'll go, too! One of my friends already went in!
No.
This might be hard to hear, but you'll just be in my way.
I'm sorry.
Being hard on people...
So this is how Shigeo processed what Mogami said to him.
Dimple, I'm counting on you.
I know!
I spilled a seed and lost sight of it
I'll find it using the color it's dyed in and watch it grow
It immediately returned to the palm of my hand
But it's still too light and too frail to reach for the skies
The world coldly drains away all the heat
The bright sunshine just isn't enough
The memories are closing off what lies ahead
Shake off their warmth and set off into the distance
If I let it wither, it'd be over just like that
But my hope just doesn't fade away
You're not scared to do this on your own?
Of course I'm scared.
But having someone else get hurt scares me even more.
I'm sure I'll be able to figure something out.
Crap... I'm trying to take advantage of him while he's still a kid,
but Shigeo's going to become an adult before I know it.
Are you in middle school? Damn... You're still a kid.
This is a really bad time.
Would you kindly leave?
Mob finally infiltrates the enemy's base.
Can he get past Serizawa and make it to the boss?
Meanwhile, the boss, who just defeated his son, Sho, shows his true identity.
The Battle for Social Rehabilitation Friendship.
The serious option C involves Blu-rays, manga volumes, and events!
The Battle for Social Rehabilitation Friendship
