The world has become a superhuman society,
and about 80 of the world's population now has some kind of special trait.
In this world swirling with chaos,
the profession that everyone once dreamed about and admired
came into the limelight.
Heroes of justice fighting villains and saving people from distress.
Yes, this is the story of how I became the greatest hero.
The first match of the first round of the finals tournament.
From the hero course, it's Izuku Midoriya!
Versus-
From general studies, it's Hitoshi Shinso!
The rules are simple.
Force your opponent out of bounds, or immobilize them!
You can also win by making your opponent say, I give up!
I give up, huh?
This is a fight to test the strength of your spirit.
If you know what you want for your future, then you can't worry about appearances.
Ready?
That monkey was going on about his pride...
Start!
What did you say?!
I win.
I went through the trouble of warning him, too!
Hey, hey, what's the matter?
-Deku?! -It's the important first match! Liven things up!
-What in the world is going on? -It's the important first match! Liven things up!
Midoriya! The match just started...
He's got a blank look on his face and isn't moving a muscle!
Is this Shinso's Quirk?!
He didn't stand out at all, but could he actually be someone amazing?
Victory or Defeat
Hitoshi Shinso from general studies
has gotten the better of Izuku Midoriya from the hero course!
Who would've imagined this?!
Will the bottom really overthrow the top?
That's why I said the entrance exam wasn't rational.
Huh?
What?
Here's some basic data on the two of them.
Since it's individual matches from here on out, I had someone compile it for me.
Hitoshi Shinso General Studies Class 1-C Nabooh Middle School
Shinso failed the practical exam for the hero course.
Since he also applied for general studies, he probably knew that would happen.
His Quirk is very powerful, but the practical exam consisted of fighting faux villains.
That gave an advantage to those with physical attack Quirks.
Shinso wouldn't have been able to rack up any points with his Quirk.
You're lucky that you've been blessed, Izuku Midoriya.
Turn around and walk out of bounds.
Huh?
What?!
Midoriya's being so obedient!
Deku, why?
If you go out of bounds, then you'll lose the match!
That Quirk is...
Hitoshi Shinso Quirk: Brainwashing
Hitoshi Shinso. Quirk: Brainwashing!
Answering his question turns on a brainwashing switch in his opponent's brain,
forcing them to do what he says.
If he doesn't want the brainwashing switch to turn on, it won't!
In the fitness test on the first day of school,
Midoriya scored pretty low for the hero course,
but even in tests where he didn't use his Quirk,
he did better than Shinso.
So if they fight normally, then Midoriya would win.
If he can just overcome Shinso's Brainwashing...
Well, either way, this'll end quickly.
Young Midoriya!
Ahhh
You can't come here!
No! My body's moving on its own...
It's like... my head's filled with fog...
No!
Damn it! Stop!
Stop!
Even though... Even though Ojiro warned me...
Crap!
Waiting Room
Damn it!
A Quirk that can control people, huh?
Isn't that too strong to beat?
Yeah, but you can probably avoid if you know about it.
I don't remember much after I answered his question.
I think that's how it works.
So if I answer without thinking, then I'll lose right away.
No, but it's not completely impenetrable.
I said I barely remembered anything until almost the end, right?
When we were running away after Shinso stole Tetsutetsu's headband,
It looks like I ran into one of the horses on Team Tetsutetsu.
That's when I snapped out of it.
I remember what happened clearly after that.
So receiving a shock can get rid of it?
It's very likely.
Even so, I don't know what level of shock you need,
and in a one-on-one match, you can't count on outside forces like that.
Anyway, that's about all I can tell you.
Thanks!
That was amazing!
I'm going to say something selfish...
Ojiro...
Damn it...
This...
Even though...
In a place like this...
Like this...!
What... is... this?!
Mov...
You probably don't understand,
but even with a Quirk like this, I have my own dream.
Now, lose for me.
Th-This is...!
Midoriya's stopped!
Midoriya!
I'm... I'm so glad!
His fingers are...
Did he remove the brainwashing by making them explode?
That's crazy...
Why?
You shouldn't be able to move freely!
What did you do?
I'm the one who discharged my fingers.
But I wasn't the one who moved them.
What happened?
People I didn't know came to mind,
and for a second, my mind was clear!
That was...
One For All.
Passed on to me like a sacred torch.
The people...
The presence of the people who spun together this power...
Did they save me? Is that even possible?
What did you do?!
Even if I think about it now, I won't find the answer.
Later... Thinking can come later!
He won't answer... Did he figure out my secret?
No, he should've heard from that monkey from the beginning.
All I can do is make him talk again...
Say something.
You can produce that much power just by moving your fingers?
I'm jealous.
I felt the same way in the past.
Thanks to my Quirk, I've been behind from the start.
Someone who's been blessed like you can't understand, can you?
I do understand.
But, it's true... I've been blessed.
Someone like you who was born with the ideal Quirk!
Someone who can reach your goal!
I've been blessed by others!
That's why!
Say something!
I can't...
Is he trying to push me out?
You've got to be kidding!
You get out!
I can't lose...!
Shinso is out of bounds!
Midoriya advances to round two!
Three Years Ago
Nabooh City Middle School
Wow, Shinso, your Quirk is Brainwashing?
Seriously?
That's amazing! I've never heard of that before!
I'm so jealous...
I can't believe you can control anyone!
You can do as much bad stuff as you want!
No one'd know it was you.
Don't control us, okay?
Everyone says that.
Of course, if someone else had it, the first thing
I'd think is that they'd use it for evil, too.
Criminal...
It's good for being a villain, huh? I'm used to people insinuating that about me.
That's just what the world is like.
But you know...
But...
In the finals, the first person to advance to the second round
is Izuku Midoriya from Class A!
I was so nervous!
Turning the tables at the last moment!
As expected of Midoriya!
He did that shoulder toss on you before, too, didn't he?
Shut up, Dunce Face.
That damn...
He was definitely aiming for it!
He led him right into it!
Using his power on part of his body like at the fitness test
and the throw from the combat training...
Rather than calling it the best use of his experience,
it's like he's using any experience he can to force the flow to change in his favor.
Izuku Midoriya
Yahoo!
That was kind of a boring first match,
but we should praise them both for a bravely fought match.
Clap your hands!
Someone who's been blessed like you can't understand, can you?
Someone who can reach your goal!
Shinso, why do you want to be a hero?
But you know...
You can't help the things you long for.
I felt the same way before I inherited One For All.
But...
No matter what I say right now...
You were really cool, Shinso!
Good job!
I was really surprised!
You're the star of general studies!
You put up a great fight against the guy who placed first in the obstacle course!
Besides-
That Quirk would work quite well against villains. I wish I had it.
Well, they've got a ton of people applying, so some things just can't be helped.
It was the difference in combat experience, huh?
Yeah, it ends up making a big difference.
What a waste.
You hear that, Shinso?
You're amazing!
Depending on the results, they'll consider our transfer into the hero course.
Remember that.
Even if it didn't work this time, I definitely won't give up.
I'll get into the hero course, get certified,
and I'll definitely become a better hero than you guys!
Yeah!
He got me!
Even though the match is over, what's he...?
People are usually wary when they talk to me, though...
At this rate, someone'll trip you up in no time.
At least...
Shinso...
I won't!
Recovery Girl's Temporary Nurse's Office
Kiss!
That should do it.
In the match with Shinso, I couldn't smile at all.
Well, his cries hit close to home for you, huh?
But that didn't mean that I could lose.
That's what it means to aim for number one, right?
Poor thing.
You put some weird pressure on him again, didn't you?
It was necessary! Ouch.
Oh yeah, All Might.
I had a vision...
There were eight or nine people... I'm not sure exactly how many...
But when it felt like my mind was filled with fog from the brainwashing,
the vision appeared, as if to drive away the fog.
It was like I was barely able to move just my fingertips for a moment...
There was someone with eyes like you, too, All Might.
Was it... the people who had inherited One For All who did it?
Scary... What the heck?
What? I thought you'd know about it!
No, I also saw it before, in my younger days.
It's a clear sign that you've got a better grasp on One For All.
What does that mean?
I think it's like a trace of something they left behind in One For All.
It's not something with intent that can interfere with you,
and you can't interfere with them.
In other words, that vision isn't what got rid of the brainwashing.
It was that when you saw the vision,
your strong emotions allowed you to overcome Young Shinso's Brainwashing
for just long enough to move your fingertips, I think.
That explanation's not satisfying at all, though...
Don't get too hung up about it!
More importantly, don't you need to go see who you'll fight next?
Recovery Girl's Temporary Nurse's Office
Thank you both very much!
Goodbye!
You... were there, too, he said.
That's a good thing.
Player Waiting Room 2
Midoriya won, huh?
You're in my way.
You're acting disgracefully, Shoto.
If you used the power in your left side,
you would've had an overwhelming victory in the
obstacle course and the cavalry battle.
Stop this childish rebellion already.
You have a duty to surpass All Might.
Do you understand?
You're different from your siblings.
You are the greatest masterpiece!
Is that all you can say, bastard?
I will win and advance with just Mom's power.
I won't use your power when I fight.
Even if that works for now,
you'll soon reach the limits of that power.
Oh, Deku!
Good work!
We saved a seat for you!
Thanks.
Thanks for waiting!
Next up is... these guys!
Shoto Todoroki Hanta Sero
He's good! He's good, but what's with that plainness he just can't get rid of?
From the hero course, it's Hanta Sero!
That's mean.
Versus-
Taking second, then first in the prelims! You're way too strong, kid!
He wasn't recommended for admission for nothing!
Also from the hero course, it's Shoto Todoroki!
And now, for the second match of the finals-
-Ready... Start! -Well, I don't feel like I can win...
A surprise attack aimed to push his opponent out of bounds!
Don't you think that was the best choice for this situation?!
Seriously, get him, Sero!
Sorry.
Wh-What was that?
What's this vibration?
What's that?
Don't...
Don't you think that's a bit much?
Sero, can you move?
O-Of course not...
Ow...
Sero is immobilized!
Todoroki advances to the second round!
D-Don't worry about it...
Don't worry about it!
-Don't worry about it! -Don't worry about it!
Don't worry about it!
Sorry, I went overboard.
I was angry.
Under the eyes of the crowd that started shouting Don't worry about it unprompted
was Todoroki, melting what he'd frozen himself with his left hand.
For some reason...
Preview
The preview is here!
The U.A. sports festival finals tournament!
The sixteen players in it clash with their Quirks and their pride!
There's only a slight difference between winning and losing!
Even so-
The only ones who can win
are those who train diligently every day
and hang on to their dream of becoming a hero!
Do your best, you zygotes!
Next time, Battle on, Challengers!
Young Iida is manipulated by a girl and is completely humiliated!
Next time: Battle on, Challengers!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
