Modern Shogi Famous Matches Chosen by Shogi Players
So bright...
I really need to get curtains.
The last piece of fried chicken...
Today's game is in the sixth block of the Lion King tournament.
My opponent is Harunobu Nikaidou.
It's almost summer vacation.
This is my first game after becoming a professional player.
Harunobu
When summer vacation hits, shogi tournaments for children
are held on the roof of a department store.
Before joining the federation, strong kids from around the country
participate in a number of small tournaments like this.
Harunobu and I were regulars at events like that,
so we'd already met many times.
Children's Shogi Tournament
What grade was I in at that time?
It was terribly hot at that event, and I was facing Harunobu in the semifinals.
It really was hellishly hot that day.
He couldn't handle the heat well, and was so flushed he looked like a red ogre,
and looked like he was in pain.
Looking at him made me feel terrible as well.
In the afternoon, the wind died down,
while the temperature kept climbing.
I think he was anemic.
His face was getting paler by the minute.
Maybe it was an arrogant thought...
I thought I should get the boy sitting in front of me
into a cool, air-conditioned room as soon as possible.
However...
he put every piece he had into his army, and began a desperate act of resistance.
A silent scream escaped out of his sweaty, pale face.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose.
In that moment, I was ashamed of my arrogance.
I don't want to lose.
The human sitting in front of me, drenched in sweat and reeling from the sun,
was here because he wanted to win.
I don't want to lose!
But it was something that couldn't be helped.
Just like me...
The victory was already mine.
But he struggled on, one move at a time, searching for a path that couldn't be found.
However, he finally ran out of moves.
No matter how closely he looked,
there was no path for his king to survive.
I lost.
After muttering that, he began to shed great big tears, just like in a manga.
Amid the crying of the cicadas and the department store's background music,
I silently gazed at him.
It would be the face I'd probably be sitting across for decades to come.
Becoming a pro...
You can never get off of it.
Not until you lose and fall off.
In this small universe,
it's an endless cycle of winning and losing until you start losing your mind.
As you gasp, I don't want to lose.
Hey, Kiriyama.
Go take a peek.
Your rival is waiting for you with incredible spirit!
The calm mind is the way.
CHUBBY
BOOM
Right?
He's giving off so much fighting spirit that it's like an entirely different manga.
It's like, Next chapter, it's either checkmate or be checkmated!
I envy you, Kiriyama!
Excite Excite
Look at that fighting spirit. That's all for you.
He said he was your lifelong rival!
Calm down.
First, breathe in slowly.
Shallow breaths will narrow my field of vision.
CHUBBY (Actually, GRIN)
You're late, Kiriyama! I got tired of waiting for you.
I came at the appointed time.
You're the one who arrived early, Nikaidou. Geez.
Right.
I guess my enthusiasm got the better of me.
Okay.
Shall we begin?
KNIGHT
2 - e - Knight. There it is.
2 - d - Silver General.
Same, Silver General.
He's gotten stronger.
He's slowly but steadily attacking me.
No good. I won't get anywhere by just being on the defense.
I have to change the flow.
PAWN
Sweat...
It's the same as that time.
He looks pale.
Something's wrong with Nikaidou.
Excuse me, is the air conditioning working?
I'm sorry. Something seems to be wrong with it lately.
It's okay, Kiriyama!
It's heaven compared to the roof of that department store.
Let's continue!
LANCE
He's coming in where I don't have pawns.
Then I'll do this.
Silver General
What?!
6 - h - Silver General?
Silver General
Instead of taking gold, he moved silver?
What?
What is this?
Okay.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose either.
Calm down. Take deep breaths.
Expand your field of vision.
As long as I keep my composure, this board should be in my favor.
Calm down and keep playing.
SHOGI HALL
The game continued until evening.
I continued to shake off Harunobu's tenacious attacks.
And then...
I don't have a move. I lost.
Oh, that's right. This face...
It's the same face.
It hasn't changed at all since we were kids.
Nikaidou...
Master Harunobu.
Hanaoka?
SOUVENIR
What about your vacation? What happened to traveling around the world?
I thought you weren't coming back for 80 days.
I had your mother take my place.
Thank you, Hanaoka! Are you sure it's okay?
Ten days were plenty for me, and it was a very satisfying trip.
I'll be going, then!
To be honest, being separated from you made me worry a lot, Master Harunobu.
I was in danger of having an irregular heartbeat.
*Didn't refresh at all
You haven't gone to the hospital yet, right?
Let's go see Dr. Morikawa right now.
I've already called him.
Are you in pain, Master Harunobu?
Your kidneys aren't functioning well again, are they?
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry. While I was gone, you probably weren't eating well.
I'm sorry, Hanaoka.
It's all right. I understand.
Subsisting on hospital food alone builds up stress.
And it's been this way since you were a child.
I've seen how hard it's been for you all of these years.
But it's all right, I'm here for you now.
Let's take our time and get your health back.
And with Mr. Kiriyama...
I lost.
He was strong.
I didn't know how strong he'd gotten.
But...
Yes.
Of course, Master Harunobu.
Harunobu
Beyond the Night Sky
After my game with Nikaidou, I went to their house as promised.
Come over again after your match is over.
That's the last day of Obon, so I'll make plenty of food.
Good evening. It's Kiriyama.
It's late. I bet you're tired.
You must be hungry. Come in.
Sorry it took so long.
Look, Momo. Rei is here.
I brought pudding.
Well, here you go.
I knew you'd be late, so I plated them separately for you, Kiriyama.
Downtown Specialty Various Foods Triathlon
Thank you.
And I know you have a small appetite, so I put them in small portions.
It all looks delicious. But I wonder if I can eat everything.
And this is for Grandma and Mom.
I plated them using Momo's doll set.
TINY...
- What's that? What's that? - I want it, I want it, I want it!
GLARE GLARE GLARE GLARE
It's so little...
I guess two beers is too much for me.
Ooph...
You can't sleep yet, Grandpa. We have to light the ceremonial fire.
Already after nine? You're right.
If it's too late, Grandma and your mom will have a hard time getting back.
The other day, you lit the fire in the evening.
We light that around dusk as if to say, Hurry home. We're all waiting for you.
But when they go back,
we light the fire after dinner, saying, We want you to stay as long as possible.
And when they come home, we put out cucumber horses so they can get here faster.
But when they leave, we put out oxen made from eggplants
so they can make a slow, safe return, laden with the gifts we've given them.
Well, shall we see them off?
They were all smiling as usual,
but somehow a certain solemness permeated the mood.
Seeing how they prepared horses and oxen...
Made a special feast...
Worrying with everyone about welcoming and sending off
the people who are no longer with us...
It just made me think of a sad ceremony that only brings back painful memories.
Well, shall we go inside?
Momo, let's take a bath and go to bed.
I'm gonna go to the convenience store.
Hina? Now?
What are you going to buy?
Um, manga. I forgot a new issue is out.
Go with her, kid.
Just get going.
Okay.
She's walking fast.
Where's she going? The convenience store isn't that way.
Hina...
There she is.
Mom!
Mom!
Mom!
Mom!
I couldn't call out to her.
Her voice caused a lump in my throat.
I'm sure she was holding it in when she was with the others.
Kiriyama...
I'm sorry...
I-I'll go back in a minute...
As I listened to her sobbing,
the doubts I had shut away began to seep into my heart like ink.
That's okay. It's okay.
Let's stay here a little longer.
For me...
For me, when I think about the real family I lost...
I gave up on crying about it because I thought it was pointless.
It made me sad to think about them, so I tried not to.
I chased them out of my head.
I chased them out.
Chased them out...
But...
She's crying...
But the two of us are gazing up at that beautiful,
beautiful, beautiful July night sky.
Beyond the Night Sky
Next Episode Preview
Episode 4
When you open it, it has to be like, Wow! That's so cute!
Hina is troubled with something.
All right, little one. I shall ask you your name. What is it?
Bodoro!
Your wonderful friend is just like a nice, round, shiny ball.
Sis, you picked up another stranger?
Don't miss the next episode of March Comes in Like a Lion!
Study shogi with me, everyone!
