M-Mankanshoku!
Hey! How come the slacker's wearing a Goku Uniform?!
What's the meaning of this, Iori?!
Our top priority now is to bolster our forces.
The person with the greatest disparity in combat strength
in and out of a Goku Uniform was Mankanshoku.
A highly logical decision.
Iori, I think you've set a new speed record for sewing.
Yes, because these will be my final Goku Uniforms!
I intend to empty out every last dresser drawer!
Well, we're busy.'Bye.
Hey!
999-mount Emergency Rescue Suction Device!
999-MOUNT EMERGENCY RESCUE SUCTION DEVICE
Vroom, vroom, vroom!
Hey! What are you just standing there for?!
You've been fighting this war without your clothes!
And you call yourselves naked Nudists?!
Hup!
I have no intention of becoming someone so... colorful.
But we mustn't let Mankanshoku fight them alone!
So, shall we get to it?
IN HEAVEN'S STEAD, I SMITE CLOTHING!
Don't get cocky just yet...
EPISODE 23 IMITATION GOLD
I've discovered the reason why Nui Harime's arms didn't regenerate.
The Scissor Blade and Bakuzan are both capable of severing Life Fibers.
But in the case of tough Life Fibers,
they begin regenerating immediately after being severed.
However, if they are cut from both sides simultaneously,
the newly-regenerating Life Fibers can be severed again.
That is the true power of the Scissor Blades that Dr. Matoi created.
RENDING SCISSORS
Hey, hang on. If you have two Bakuzans, that means
I expect they will have the same effect.
We should thank Ragyo for breaking it in two.
No, we owe our thanks to you four, who reforged it into two blades.
Goodness, when did you become the sort who doles out compliments?
Ryuko.
Yeah! I see it!
I'm picking up a powerful energy reading from the center of the Original Life Fiber.
That's where it's absorbed a lot of people and is using them as a power source.
If we destroy that, it will cease functioning.
Yeah, but that woman is waiting for us.
Ragyo! How dare you force me to wear
an outfit I wouldn't be caught dead in?!
This time, I'll rip the clothes off your back!
Oh, dear. That is hardly any way for a 17-year-old lady to speak.
What the?
I'll remake you two, starting from the dress patterns on up!
That's
These blades are ultra-hardened Life Fibers.
The Scissor Blade and Bakuzan were both created based on this.
The beginning and end of all things can be
found here within the Original Life Fiber.
I won't allow anyone to defile this sacred place with their filthy shoes.
If you give yourselves over to clothing body and soul,
you can even do this.
Shippu Senjin!
Senpu Zankan!
She's tough, all right!
Perhaps, but we mustn't be defeated!
In that case...
Silly girl.
Ryuko!
Your plan is for the rest of your merry band
to destroy the Honnouji Academy transmitter, I take it?
It won't be that simple, I assure you!
Here you are, Mako!
Thanks, Mom!
All-righty! Croquette Power, charging complete!
FULL AND FINISHED MAKO MANKANSHOKU IS READY TO FACE THE ENEMY!!
She's eating during a battle?!
Hey, Mom's croquettes are powerful stuff.
Come at me!
Stand back!
What happened?!
It's coming for us?
It's changed course? It's going to devour the Naked Sol?
It wants to eat more people?
I told you, did I not?
You cannot stop us!
Nudist Cannons, fire!
Medic!
I'm on it! A little of this, some of that!
All done!
Honey, you wrapped her in so many bandages she can't move!
Oh, no!
Sis, are you okay?
I'm fine...
You don't look fine to me!
There's too many of them!
But I have to do this...
You've done all you can!
But I can't be beaten here!
I have to protect this ship!
Ryuko told me so!
This ship is the homeland of her soul!
She said no such thing!
The Ryuko in my mind said it!
Mako! Mako!
Even now, she's asking me to come into the light!
You're pretty messed up in many ways...
Spare me your opinions!
Don't overdo it, Mankanshoku!
I'll give you an A for effort, Slacker.
But from here on out, it's our job.
So, shall we unveil Iori's final Goku Uniforms?
Three-Star Goku Uniforms, ultimate configuration!
Blade Regalia: Secret Unsealed!
BLADE REGALIA SECRET UNSEALED
Symphony Regalia: Finale!
SYMPHONY REGALIA FINALE
Probe Regalia: Truth Unveiled.
PROBE REGALIA TRUTH UNVEILED
Shackle Regalia: Persona Unleashed!
SHACKLE REGALIA PERSONA UNLEASHED
Honnouji Academy Elite Four Ultimate Battle Regalia!
HONNOUJI ACADEMY ELITE FOUR ULTIMATE BATTLE REGALIA
- Snake! - Dog!
- Monkey! - Toad!
Utter Victory, Single Blow!
UTTER VICTORY SINGLE BLOW
Wow, that was the amazing! That's the Elite Four for you!
No need for such a flashy entrance!
Honestly, you girls are so thick-skulled.
No matter how much they struggle, humanity is
merely a creature meant to submit to Life fibers.
The hell they are!
Life Fibers spurred on the evolution of this world's sentient life.
Clothing transformed beasts into humans.
Just as humans raise livestock, you see.
Livestock?
Just as humans eat their livestock, so will Life Fibers feed on humanity.
Is that not appropriate for the beings who occupy the
top of this world's food chain?
But that does not mean we must meekly obey!
Humans have a will to live!
You impudent pigs in clothing...
That will to survive will disappear soon enough.
Your last bastion is almost within reach.
This is bad, Ryuko! The ship, it's
I know.
Satsuki!
I'm gonna show you if we can
do anything about it!
Finishing move!
SEN-I-SOSHITSU!
Die.
Ryuko!
Ryuko!
Ryuko!
RYUKO!
Damn you!
Ragyo!
You waste your time.
It was only because Ryuko was fused with Life Fibers
that you could stand against me, however slightly.
You, in that makeshift Kamui, cannot so much as slow me down.
Poor girl, who doesn't even know her own limitations...
All you can do is go keep your little sister from being lonely.
The one who is on her way to Hell.
I admit it, perhaps I am a sham...
But it is you who will suffer for underestimating this sham!
How pathetic. What could you possibly do now?
I can buy time.
I'm a decoy!
Shippu Senjin!
Ryuko?!
When I bisected her, she deflected my blade
and threw herself into the sea before her fibers could be completely cut!
That's right!
Pretend to be killed by you, heal her wounds in the sea,
and deliver the finishing blow to the Original Life Fiber.
That was all Ryuko's plan.
You have no one to blame but yourself for
wasting precious time on monologing at me,
Ragyo Kiryuin!
I'll wipe that smug look off your face!
You!
My arms are equally as strong as Bakuzan.
Know that I am Ira Gamagoori, Satsuki Kiryuin's living shield!
Look at how much I've grown, Auntie Ragyo!
No matter how much you've strengthened those Goku Uniforms,
do you think the blade of a blind man can strike me?
You aren't an opponent that one
can afford to hold back against, Director.
My eyes are already open!
Hence the name Secret Unsealed!
SECRET UNSEALED
Lady Satsuki, take these!
BAKUZAN-GAKO
BAKUZAN-KORYU
Well done, Inumuta!
We can't shake off another!
Is that so?
I have nothing else to take off,
but being a Nudist means flying by the seat of your pants.
I agree wholeheartedly, sir.
Clear the deck!
Hey, what are you up to?! Don't tell me you're
Oh, but I am!
The last ace up the Naked Sol's sleeve...
Oh, you want to use that blade to peel that gourd bare, huh?
I like it!
GREAT NAKED DAGGER
We're here, Ryuko! This is that thing's core!
Let's do it!
Both halves, Decapitation Mode!
DUAL SCISSOR BLADE: DECAPITATION MODE
Finishing Move: SEN-I-SOSHITSU!
Damage report!
Major damage to 1, 3 turbines!
Remaining 2 turbine is putting out all it can!
Crap! This is as far as we can get on human power, huh?
This damn thing is just too hard!
Ryuko!
But I gotta do it anyway! I promised Mako and the rest!
This ship is the homeland of Ryuko's soul!
And not just the one in my head!
I know the one outside my head feels the same way!
Ryuko has always, always waited for me!
So this ship is gonna
Mr. Mikisugi, the turbine has started turning again!
Or rather, it's spinning like crazy!
Wait for us, Ryuko! I'll catch up to you in no time!
Mako? Is that you?!
Ryuko!
- Ryuko! - Mako! It's you, right?!
- Mako! - The gang...
The gang's all here!
Ryuko, I can feel it! Your blood is all fired up!
- Yeah! Let's do it, Senketsu! - Right!
Impossible...
The Original Life Fiber can't be destroyed by mere
You look all dazed and confused, Ragyo.
That ain't surprising.
Cause not making any sense is kinda our thing!
The girl you mocked as a sham will thwart you.
Humanity does not live for clothing!
You waste your time...
Attention, worthless trash of Honnouji Academy!
The show is not yet over!
That Kamui and those idiotic Goku Uniforms,
you were all just the opening act!
The headline act is the ultimately chic and elegant fashion show
put on by the ultimate Grand Couturier and her ultimate model!
Prepare yourselves!
Please pardon the delay, Lady Ragyo
Shinra-Koketsu is complete.
Well done, Nui.
My foolish daughters have treated you rudely, I see.
Forgive them.
Lady Ragyo... What are these?
They are no replacement for the nimble fingers of the Grand Couturier,
but they will allow you to fight these foolish humans.
This world will be cloaked in Life Fibers soon.
There is no longer any need to sew clothing.
This is enough.
So this is your final creation, eh?
I can't wait to find out how it feels on me.
Magnificent, Iori.
I am amazed you restored this many Goku Uniforms.
I didn't restore them.
I made them even more powerful!
I'm not surprised.
We've got ultimate loadouts, too!
We've incapacitated the Original Life Fiber.
However, Ragyo Kiryuin is still alive and well.
We will now fight our way into Honnouji Academy,
destroy its transmitter,
and apprehend Ragyo Kiryuin and Nui Harime!
Soroi?
That's hot!
So your eyes are open, but you're still sensitive to hot drinks, huh?
S-Shut up!
Don't break these cups.
We do not go to our deaths.
We will return here alive and enjoy another cup of this tea.
Right, Soroi?
I will have plenty of hot water ready.
Hey, you don't have to come, too!
I've come this far, so I have to see it through!
Sis...
Don't worry! If anything happens to you,
I'll squeeze the Kiryuin Conglomerate for a ton in damages!
Fight hard, but don't kill yourself.
Here are some croquettes for you!
Don't let your family's love go to waste.
Be happy enough to make up for our cursed family.
Don't worry on that score, Satsuki.
When it comes to being incomprehensible, this family's the best in the world.
Yep!
We're leaving Mako in your hands.
If anything happens, we'll sue the Kiryuin Conglomerate
'til they're bankrupt, so take good care of her.
I'll keep that in mind.
Okay, let's go, Ryuko, Lady Satsuki!
You got it!
- Life Fiber Synchronize, Kamui Senketsu! - Life Fiber Override, Kamui Junketsu!
KAMUI SENKETSU KAMUI JUNKETSU
All right, let's take back
our academy!
Yeah!
Ryuko!
This world belongs to Life Fibers.
You cannot stop the advent of the Starseed Cocoon Sphere.
STARSEED COCOON SPHERE
We will!
Kiryuin blood flows in our veins, and for that very reason,
we will alter that fate!
We've already killed the Original Life Fiber.
Quit being a sore loser!
Be careful, Ryuko.
This woman is dangerous.
She's on a whole different level from before.
Don't wimp out on me, Senketsu.
The Kamui speaks the truth.
Behold!
Shinra-Koketsu!
SHINRA-KOKETSU
Time for the finishing touches, Hououmaru.
I am ready.
Learn what true fear is,
my foolish daughters!
MANKIND FACES ITS GREATEST CRISIS
As mankind faces its greatest crisis, so does TRIGGER!
SO DOES TRIGGER
FACE THEIR GREATEST CRISIS
FATEFUL MOTHER AND DAUGHTERS
Whether the fateful showdown between mother and daughters will be concluded
AND
SHOWDOWN
WHETHER IT WILL BE CONCLUDED OR NOT
STAFF
is all up to the staff's hard work!
AND
UP TO HARD WORK
FIGHT ON
Fight on, TRIGGER! Don't lose, TRIGGER!
TRIGGER
DON'T LOSE
TRIGGER
KILL LA KILL
Kill la Kill, the finale! Past the Infinite Darkness!
FINALE
EPISODE 24 PAST THE INFINITE DARKNESS
