I was wrong.
These pieces of shit in this castle are a blight!
I will carve them up...
Go through everything, including documents and maps.
Act 6 Men of Destiny
Don't miss anything, not even scribbles. We're taking everything.
You... You really did... take over the castle.
Oh, here you are, Olmi-Boobs.
I don't even have the energy to argue anymore.
If you give in, it will be the end of the battle.
Moving on...
Hey. Who is this?
It's a huge portrait.
He is the Father of Orte,
the founder of the Orte Empire.
I heard that about sixty years ago, he appeared out of nowhere.
We have yet to find out whether he
belonged to the Drifters or the Ends.
One day, he showed up at the bar and
instigated people to rise against government.
With his compelling speeches and ability
to capture the hearts and minds of the people,
he initiated the rebellion and marched on the capital.
According to the record left
at that time, he acted as if he were an expert demagogue.
Then, after he founded Orte, he suddenly committed suicide.
The reason behind his suicide remains unknown.
If he was a Drifter...
Don't know.
What the hell is with that mustache?! Is he messing with me?!
Nobunaga, sir!
What's wrong?
Toyo dragged the soldiers to the courtyard.
He said something about carving them up and tearing them out by the roots.
Wh-What... the hell?!
Damn it! Toyo...
How righteous are you?
Sir, what does he mean by tearing them out by the roots?
He means to slaughter them all.
Eh?!
From looking at the male Elves, you should
be able to tell their females are also good-looking.
They've been kidnapping those women regularly.
It would've been an easy guess those soldiers would rape them.
You should've known better even before we took down this castle.
You should not carve them up or tear them out by the roots.
That sort of thing is my job in the first place!
You should just be yourself, being all honest and straightforward.
Leave the twisted and warped jobs to the Demon King of the Sixth Heaven.
It's my forte.
H-Help...
Please, anything but my life.
Are you all right?
Do you know what will happen to you all?!
If our government ever finds out about this, you'll be all slaughtered!
Toyohisa!
Please let me shoot them!
Now!
Let me kill them!
Toyohisa!
Now!
Ki-
Kill them.
Kill them all.
You've been abusing these women all this time.
You would be making a big mistake if you think you can leave here alive
by just laying down your arms!
You were determined to exterminate them.
Therefore, it would be logical that it's your turn to be exterminated.
Die. Die and reincarnate into black powder.
Take aim!
St-Stop. Please stop!
Shut the hell up! You've been abusing us all this time.
Now that it's your turn, you're seriously begging us for your lives?!
I-I've just transferred here.
I-I haven't done anything.
St-Sto... Stop...
Release!
You're awake already, huh?
I thought I hit you pretty hard.
You Satsuma boys are very tough.
I took care of those soldiers.
It's a nice sight, isn't it?
You kids are too young to take command of this.
Leave this to me. Don't be reserved.
My hands have been dirty for a long time.
Isenagashima, Enryaku-ji on Mt. Hiei...
Countless...
Wh...?!
Who gives a damn how many?!
I don't give a damn about any of that! That's not my concern!
We're back. What's going on? Are you two fighting? Scary.
We are not fighting.
Umm... nope.
Oh, no? If you say so...
It's been a long time since someone punched me and yelled at me...
Not since my father did. I miss that...
Ahh, there was also my tutor, Hirate... He rebuked me, too.
Before I knew it, I was older than my father.
There's one left.
I didn't do anything... Nothing.
I have never... slept with a woman before.
He kept insisting he hadn't done anything.
If we killed him, we would be one of them.
Yeah, you're right.
He is pathetic.
Olmi-Boobs! Let him play with your boobs.
Go get shot!
I will cut their heads off and pay my respects.
No matter how much we hated them, they all became souls after death.
We'll use their bodies for black powder.
The rumor about the Drifters spread
throughout the surrounding villages in no time.
Drifters Rescue Elven Village and Attack Occupying Magistrate.
Then, after the female Elves confined at the lord's castle
returned to their villages,
the confusion about the rumor turned into the assurance of joy.
However, those women returned with
the scrupulous gifts sent by Nobunaga.
It was a Proclamation.
The content was classic Nobunaga.
It touched readers' hearts but manipulated their minds.
Do you want to have your own state? Then, I'll give it to you.
Join us in battle!
Are you going to hand over your women yet again
to a newly appointed magistrate?
Will you let them be used as playthings once more?
He also wrote a memorandum that proved how Orte has reached its limits,
attaching the contents of the document collected from the magistrate's office...
What a jerk to pull a trick like that!
Subsequently, the Elf villages began rising in revolt one after another.
The Elven Revolts Spread
The Elves are breaking away from Orte's subjugation.
What the heck is this?!
What the hell's is going on?! That idiot Murasaki!
Who... Who... Who gives a damn about Drifters?!
We are losing on the eastern and western fronts.
There is the mysterious force in the far north.
Furthermore, the Elves are rising up.
Oh, my, this empire is finished.
The status of the war continues to deteriorate.
Anyhow, we don't have enough forces to fight this war.
We've been engaged in war for forty years.
We've even been transferring soldiers in from the remote territories.
Supplies are running short.
Tax revenue and seized assets from mainland
and occupied territories are both about to run dry.
Shouldn't we consider a peaceful solution?
Are you serious?!
It was Father's idea that the empire was never to fall.
It became the national policy. No way we can give in that easily.
However...
So sorry I am late. Please forgive me.
Sorry to have kept you all waiting.
Long time no see.
C-Count Saint-Germi...
I am late, so late. I got caught up with an unexpected incident right before I left.
What's with those twinkies?
Don't talk so loud!
If he hears you, you never know what he'll do to you.
He is that Count Saint-Germi...
Huh?! H-Him?!
He is a powerful aristocrat who owns a quarter of the empire.
When Father founded the country, he was the first aristocrat to defect.
It has been said the Orte Empire could not have existed without his betrayal.
Since then, no one has been able to stand up to him.
He has never taken up arms in war. He is free to live as he pleases.
You just said he helped Father...
Wasn't that fifty years ago?
That's right.
How ancient is... that old twinkie?
As my apology for being tardy, I have something interesting to tell you all.
This may be a quite surprise for you.
You are aware of our naval fleet
that transports supplies to the battlefields in the west, are you not?
Does anyone have something to take this down?
Something to write with, quickly now!
Princess, please use my lipstick!
No, use mine!
Shut up! Give it to me now!
Didn't I repeatedly inquire of you whether or not...
Our fleet has been seized and sunk to the bottom of the ocean by now.
-Wh... -What?!
Another ship has been hit.
Damn it! They're going down!
Another got hit.
How many are left?
They're coming at us!
Damn those merchants!
That damn merchant guild of Gu Binnen!
We provide home delivery service with the mark of Griffon
by Shylock Co. of the Gu Binnen Guild.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting!
Gentlemen of Orte,
how do you like the Gu Binnen specialty mix of fish oil and animal fat?
Eat your fill, you jackasses!
Consider this a gift to your country's mustached Father!
Tora! Tora! Tora!
Commander, what is this Tora, Tora, Tora?
Eh?! Admiral taught me...
Tora! Tora! Tora!
Tora! Tora! Tora! Tora!
Perhaps we won this time.
June 6, 1942 Yamaguchi Tamon Imperial Japanese Navy Admiral
It must be payback for the fights we instigated in all the neighboring states.
At the very least, we shouldn't have made an
enemy of the merchant guild of the east.
How foolish was that?!
Furthermore, there are rebellions in the occupied territories.
I heard that the Elves have risen in revolt.
Oh, my, we are talking about Elves, aren't we? How cute!
We can handle them! They are just serf uprisings.
The pressing matter is that...
As I thought, they are hopeless.
Orte expanded its territories by successively attacking the neighboring lands.
This means that soon we won't just be dealing with the Elven revolt.
Their revolt will amplify the wrath of the other races until it boils over.
The rebellion will spread throughout the territories like wildfire
and roar into a festival of revolution.
It is inevitable for this movement to expand westward.
Then, the west, where most of our troops are on duty, will be cut off.
Oh, my! This country is in checkmate.
I just remembered I have urgent business to take care of.
I have to go now.
Everyone, good luck with the war.
Pardon me, farewell.
What's wrong, princess?
We are leaving. No time to waste.
I am going to steal that lamp,
and the painting over there, too.
Contact the Elven rebel army immediately.
Wait, I heard that the Drifters were involved in this.
On second thought, I will do it myself!
Eh?! Are you talking about those Elves? I want to go, too!
Take me with you, please!
Shut your mouths!
Stop!
You guys are from Fizona Village?
You came for us!
You must be Shara.
I read your letter...
If we don't rise up now, we shouldn't be calling ourselves Elves.
Others are steadily flowing in to join us.
We can win this thing.
You said that Drifters sparked this whole thing.
Who are they?
I don't know how to answer that. Hmm...
They are strange.
Even though those Drifters rescued you, after all, they are not one of us.
Aren't they just humans with short ears? Are they trustworthy?
They are! At least to me!
Grumble, grumble, grumble
Are you still upset?
You need to calm down. You're a full-grown man.
Weren't you the Minister of the Right?
Why are you so angry in the first place?
Hell, of course I am!
Why did you decide on the village head council system?!
You could have gradually risen to power!
You could have become a king!
I don't know much about strategy and those sorts of things.
I don't know how to understand intrigue.
Nobu, you may be able to totally discern what they are thinking,
but you cannot read their hearts.
I know for a fact that the Elves will follow me.
I could become a king or anything I want to be,
but without a doubt, someday they would turn their bows against us.
One day at some temple, we'd wake up
to find ourselves surrounded by fire arrows.
Will you repeat Honno-ji?
Not me.
I can't read people's hearts, huh?!
That hurts.
I hate that, too!
I went through enough revolts already.
Were you betrayed that many times?
Let me see... Twice by my younger brother Nobukatsu,
Errr uhh Grind grind
twice by the Katsuie and Hayashi clans, Azai, and Matsunaga,
then Araki, Hatano, Bessho, Mitsuhide, and...
That's too many!
But once I've made a decision on something, I won't stop until I get it done.
I will make you a king.
What on earth is he doing?
What is he doing with the dirt from the toilets?
I have no idea.
Work cautiously, or else you could get blown up.
Hey, Shara.
Tell the other villagers to bring
lots and lots of dirt from the toilets and sheds.
How much does he like shit?!
Nobu, sir.
Yeah?
I asked blacksmiths in all the villages, but...
as I expected, they all told me it would be too hard to replicate.
Is that so?
Those blacksmiths in Sakai and Kunitomo really had excellent craftsmanship after all.
Who do you think can make this?
Perhaps, the expert blacksmiths of the Dwarves could...
That's the only thing they are good for.
Dwarves... I see.
Uhh...
I am the archery coach for you Elves...
I am Nasu Suketaka Yoichi.
Get moving!
I'm going to train your lazy asses so hard,
Mutter, mutter, mutter
you won't even be able to cry or laugh.
Yell, Hurray! Minamoto clan! before and after you speak.
Muahahaha
Minamoto clan...?
Wh-What is that...?
We now begin intensive training...
Our goal is to make 10,000 shots out of 100, not 100 shots out of 100.
Steel yourselves.
That's impossible. Hurray! Minamoto clan!
When he jokes around, he looks like that,
but when he is serious, he has a dreadful beauty, doesn't he?
He is too good to be a Short Ear.
I am not sure why you said that.
I am the youngest of eleven brothers of the Nasu clan, yet I am the ugliest.
I can't even describe the beauty of my brothers...
Everywhere beauty walks, flowers blossom on the ground,
ocean splits,
and gold falls from the sky.
That's what we call true beauty.
That is absolutely not true. Hurray! Minamoto clan!
Hi-yah!
This is the Sasshu swordsmanship.
You put all your strength and heart into one stroke.
Don't even think about outcome.
W-Well...
If you miss him or he dodges, what then...?
Die without hesitation. It's an advancement to another world.
It's an honor.
I can't teach the Elves my swordsmanship.
I don't think they are cut out for this.
Hmm.
They are excellent with a bow. They are like God-sent archers.
Earlier, the blacksmiths in the village... Huh?
Why do I have such an eerie feeling?
Huh?
Something is coming near.
This feeling I have... It's not the Orte's army.
Something is coming for us.
I smell Sekigahara.
It's the nauseating smell of a bloody battle.
Find them.
Hunt them down.
Let's go, Gilles de Rais.
I can smell them.
It's them, the Drifters!
Kill them.
Kill those Drifters!
Blight the fig trees...
Ghost Sorcery
Androgynous Woman
Olminu of Stone Coffins
Act 7 Chaos Diver
