The Lords are all corrupt!
They do nothing but battle day and night!
They refuse to listen to the teachings of God!
As such, the pretender to the throne, Theo Cornaro,
is now monopolizing the Crests, shards of the One God,
and is attempting to claim the Continent as his own!
As God's representative, I hereby declare the start of a holy war!
To think that the Order of the Crest would become our enemy now.
What is the Order of the Crest thinking?
Why are they trying to thwart us?
It must mean that the Order of the Crest and the Mage Academy are connected.
What's your reasoning?
It was last night that the Mage Academy purged the Lord-supporting Mages,
and chose the path of war against the Lords.
The very next day, the Order of the Crest declared holy war on the Imperial Army.
Not only that, but they've positioned themselves to block the path to Eramu.
That can't just be a coincidence, now, can it?
How big is the Papal Force, I wonder?
They have 2,000 holy warriors, and around 3,000 mercenaries.
And they have over 70,000 followers.
However, that includes a great number of women, children, and the elderly.
Holy warriors and mercenaries are one thing,
but I have no desire to fight innocent people.
I understand how you feel, Sir Theo.
After all, you've always fought for the sake of the people.
If you can't fight, then I'll fight for you.
It will not come to a battle.
Because that is not the wish of the One God.
Priscilla?
Let me go see Sir Leone.
I shall convince him.
You would do that for us?
Yes.
That would be too dangerous!
The Pope is calling you a fake, claiming that he himself is the Holy Grail.
If you went to see a man like that, you could be killed!
Nevertheless, I must go.
It's because that is the duty I must fulfill.
But still...
Perhaps we should try her way.
Why would you say such things?
Now that the Pope has his followers taking to the battlefield, you cannot fight the Order.
That said, we can't sit here with our hands tied,
or the Papal Army would eventually attack, shielding itself with those followers.
Should that comes to pass, there's a chance our forces may be wiped out.
Either way, it would be a stalemate.
That's still no reason for me to send her into danger alone!
Of course it isn't.
That's why I'm going to accompany her.
So what is the Imperial Army up to?
They've positioned themselves on a hill, and have shown no sign of making a move.
They must be stricken with fear of the One God and the Pope.
That youngling, Theo Cornaro, will soon prostrate himself before you, and beg for your forgiveness.
What about my followers?
I'm impressed that they've gathered.
However, they also seem hesitant about fighting the hero, Theo Cornaro.
Their morale is not high by any means.
Well, they know that the Holy Maiden Priscilla serves the emperor.
Those in the Holy Maiden faction
have been preaching that Theo Cornaro will offer the Grancrest to the Holy Maiden Priscilla,
and the One God will then be revived.
Can we win?
We have greater numbers, but in terms of skill and equipment, the Imperial Army is superior.
Unfortunately, it will be difficult to defeat them.
What did you say?
Rest assured.
There's no need to win this battle.
In fact, it might be better to be royally defeated.
If rumors spread that the Lords massacred followers of the Order,
Theo Cornaro's reputation will surely suffer.
I see.
Captain Gunther, start preparing for your attack on the Imperial Army.
Tomorrow morning, launch an attack with the followers in the vanguard.
Keep the holy warriors and the mercenaries in camp.
Understood.
Sir Theo, I didn't expect you to see me off personally. Thank you.
We'll persuade the Pope no matter what.
Please wait for good news.
Please, just come back safely.
That's our intention.
What's that broom for?
The leader of the White Witches showed me how to make it.
It's not as easy to use as a wand, but having it enables me to focus better.
I see.
Irvin. Aishela.
- Please, look after these two. - Of course.
I owe her for saving my life twice. Time to pay her back.
All right, then, we'll be on our way.
Let's put our faith in those two.
Your Grace, we have come today to ask a favor of you.
What would that be?
If I may, Your Grace...
Emperor Theo does not wish to engage you in battle.
The Imperial Army's objective is to quell the disturbance in Eramu.
That is fine with me. However, I have one condition.
And that is?
He is to hand over all of the Crests in the Imperial Army's possession.
Crests are for reviving the One God.
Any who monopolizes those Crests must be punished no matter who they are.
That goes for even the emperor himself!
But Emperor Theo is not monopolizing the Crests!
The emperor's goal is to use the Grancrest to eradicate the Chaos across the Continent.
Isnt that the same goal for the Order?
That by the power of the One God,
Chaos shall be eradicated from the Continent to create a paradise for this world?
The Imperial Army and the Order have the same goal?
- She's lying to escape God's wrath. - Is that true?
Silence! I won't allow you to mislead our followers with such lies!
They are not lies.
You're... Priscilla.
Sir Leone. It's been a long time.
- Did he say that's Lady Priscilla? - The one foretold to be the Holy Grail?
Emperor Theo is always professing his intent to end the age of Chaos, as long as it's in his power.
And that means reviving the One God.
That is the job of His Eminence, the Pope, as God's representative!
It's not something a brat of humble birth should be allowed to do!
What does one's social standing have to do with the noble act of reviving God?
We should all be equal before God.
Sir Joseph, we're about to go into battle.
Why don't we set up another opportunity for Priestess Priscilla to explain herself?
There won't be any battle.
Because Sir Theo has no intention of fighting.
It's true that Sir Theo is not a follower of the Order.
But my father, Ernest, founder of our Order,
told us repeatedly that we mustn't force our faith on others.
You've all heard that before, haven't you?
That's right! That's what the Founder used to say!
I remember that, too!
- She's right! - That's true!
Everyone, I'd like you to recall the Founder's words.
If the One God is revived,
we will be saved from our suffering under the Chaos, and the grief of war.
The day will arrive when we find ourselves in paradise, rather than a paradise after death.
That must be the radiance of the Holy Grail.
Is that the Holy Grail?
Sir Theo will be the one to bring an end to the age of Chaos.
The reason I received the revelation to go to Sir Theo
was so that I could witness his noble deeds.
Holy Maiden!
Holy Maiden Priscilla!
This is no time to be flustered.
At this rate, that girl will be anointed leader of the Order.
B-But no...
Wh-What should I do?
Once its master's strength depletes, a Crest transforms into a Chaos Core.
Show our followers the sight of the Holy Grail turning into a Chaos Core.
The time has come to fulfill the mission of those who've sworn fealty to Pandora's principles.
All right.
There seems to have been a misunderstanding.
Emperor Theo has claimed the Crests as his own, and Priestess Priscilla is supporting that.
I was taken in by Priest Joseph's words!
What? Your Grace!
I, Leone, offer you my heartfelt apologies.
I also accept the Imperial Army's offer of peace.
Thank you very much, Your Grace.
Please, receive the Grancrest from Emperor Theo one day, and revive the One God.
If that should be my duty...
Priscilla!
Priscilla!
Capture those heretics!
Siluca...
As Pope, I have declared Priestess Priscilla to be a heretic.
Upon asking the One God to judge her,
I received the revelation that I must inflict death on her!
How dare you!
Aishela! No!
Let me go!
Let me go! Siluca!
Did you forget why we came here?
If you kill the Pope now, war will become unavoidable!
If that happens, everything that Priscilla just did will have been for nothing!
Th-This Holy Grail is a fake!
As such, it will soon shatter, and turn into a Chaos Core!
But of course it will!
All Crests shatter and turn into Chaos Cores when their owners die!
Siluca...
Please don't be sad.
This is the duty that I must fulfill.
As Priestess Priscilla's co-conspirators, you are all destined to suffer eternally in hell.
If you're saying that it was a sin to ally with Priscilla,
then I'll gladly go to Hell.
But don't think you can take our lives so easily!
Followers of the Order of the Crest!
What did you just witness?
And how did it make you feel?
Priscilla always said that you could find faith in your heart.
The Holy Maiden Priscilla was the true Holy Grail!
And the one who destroyed it was the fake Holy Grail, the Pope!
Holy warriors!
Behead them at once!
Siluca!
Th-This wasn't supposed to happen.
Priscilla's Crest...
It's not turning into a Chaos Core?
It's real!
That's the real Holy Grail!
Priscilla!
Why won't it turn into a Chaos Core?
So she must have been a true Holy Maiden.
Y-You said that she wasn't a real Holy Maiden!
In that case, you just need to seize her Crest.
That way, you can become the true Holy Grail.
It's a grave enough sin to have killed a Holy Maiden.
I could never do such a dreadful thing.
Do you intend to betray Pandora?
Do what you want.
It's better than falling to Hell.
We have no more use for you.
We can't allow you to kill a crucial suspect.
No need to pursue him.
Even if we killed him, nothing will change.
I'd like you to summon Sir Theo instead.
Understood.
Everything is as you just witnessed with your own eyes!
As Priscilla has proclaimed, the emperor will surely revive the One God.
So this was...
This was the duty that she had to fulfill?
If I may...
Lady Siluca has requested that you come to the Order's camp as soon as possible.
I'll go with you.
All right.
Us, too!
Your Highness, I will protect you even at the cost of my life.
Would you mind not saying things like at the cost of my life?
I don't want anyone else to die before me.
I wont go down that easily!
We may have avoided a battle with the Papal Army,
but a battle against the Mage Academy awaits us.
Many lives will be lost.
But you are the one who must not die.
That's what it means to be emperor.
I prepared myself for this, but to be honest, my heart's about to break.
It's like I'm the one who killed Priscilla.
I sent her to see the Pope, knowing how dangerous it was.
No one but that girl could have done that.
And some things can only be done by you.
Priscilla. I'm going to inherit your Holy Grail now, along with your wishes.
I vow to bring an end to the age of Chaos.
If that's the duty that I must fulfill.
I will now assume custodianship of your Holy Grail.
Please bring an end to the age of Chaos, Sir Theo.
And create a world where people can live in peace.
Emperor Theo Cornaro has become the guardian of the Holy Grail.
Those of you who believe in the One God,
let us worship the emperor, and become his people.
Is that the Pope?
Yes. He's terrified because he murdered a true Holy Maiden.
We captured him to investigate the link between the Mage Academy and the Order of the Crest.
What would you like to do?
Ill let you deal with him.
Frankly, the sight of him fills me with rage that I might do something to him.
Come on, let's go home together.
THE HOLY GRAIL
EPISODE 23 CASTLE WALLS
