Are you all right?
What happened?
It looks like the Aldnoah drive shut down.
That shouldn't be possible!
This ship's Aldnoah was activated by Her Highness!
So long as she lives, it can't be shut down by another without her consent!
So long as she lives... Where is Seylum?!
Where is she? Where is Seylum?!
Damage?
Damage to hull, negligible. Departmental damage checks underway.
We are currently operating on auxiliary power.
It's a good thing we were flying at low altitude.
Our gravity field was churning up the snow,
and that seems to have acted as a shock absorber.
Launch our Kats and put them on watch.
Repair any damaged areas ASAP.
Engine room, inspect the Aldnoah drive and determine cause of shutdown.
Where is Capt. Magbaredge?
Bridge.
Send medics immediately!
Captain? Where are you?
Breathing and pulse, both stopped.
Princess...
Bring towels!
I'm going to use a defibrillator. We have to dry her off!
Hurry!
Right!
I'll help.
Setting counter shock to 200 joules.
Clear.
I'll do it!
No, you're too light.
You think fast on your feet.
We learn this in school.
Students never take it seriously. All they do is giggle about the mouth-to-mouth.
It could save a life.
Should I take over?
I can handle it.
Milady!
Good. Are you all right?
Inaho...
Where am I?
It looks like you passed out while taking a shower. What happened?
I was attacked... by her!
Don't move.
You...
Rayet? Why?
Where's the patient?!
Stay back!
Get back! Get out of the room!
Now!
Dr. Yagarai.
Yeah...
Who are you?
A Versian- No, a Martian.
Why...?
The one who tried to assassinate you at the Shinawara parade
was my father.
He was a Martian spy living on Earth.
He was promised a title and a reward if he killed you.
But when he completed his mission, he was put down like a dog.
To silence him!
Martians can't be trusted! Martians are all the enemy!
I can't go back to being a Martian. But I'm not a Terran, either.
But you... you revealed yourself as a Martian!
In spite of that, you were accepted! In spite of that, you made a place for yourself!
In spite of what you are!
He thought they were on the same side, but they...
It's all your fault...
My father is dead because you came here.
This war started because you came here.
We were betrayed because you came here.
I'm all alone because you came here.
Because you came... Because you came...
Because you came!
In spite of all that, how can they not hate you?!
I'm sorry.
I've brought you nothing but misery, haven't I?
I was a fool.
Milady!
I thought I was working towards peace.
I thought I was doing the right thing.
But I was merely acting like a spoiled child.
Relations with Earth are worse than ever because of me.
Many people have lost their lives.
No matter how much I tell myself that I did nothing wrong, the reality of it
is that I have brought misery to countless people's lives.
To yours. To your father's.
I will not ask you to forgive me. Nevertheless... I am sorry.
Why?
Why are you crying?
My father tried to kill you! I tried to kill you, too!
Why won't you hate me?! Why are you forgiving me?!
Why are you being kind to me?
Why?! Why?! Why?!
Why?!
How stupid are you?
Give it a rest, already...
What am I even doing?
No!
What are you doing?!
Automatics won't fire with the slide open.
I thought this was the best way to stop you without it discharging accidentally.
No, I meant-
To be honest, I couldn't care less if you're a Terran or a Martian.
You hate our enemies, and those enemies are trying to kill you.
But most importantly, you've fought at our side.
What other reasons do I need?
You trust me?
At the very least, I don't think we're enemies.
As to whether we'll be allies... that's up to you.
You might come to regret this.
I'm taking you into custody. Warrant Officer Kaizuka.
Yes, ma'am.
Do whatever you want.
What's that? A Martian trinket?
No, I'm told that it's a Terran good luck charm.
Dr. Yagarai, what's the princess' condition?
She seems fine. But to be safe, she should rest for a while.
I see. But I'm afraid that that's out of the question.
I am fine. I shall see to the drive...
Milady...
That reminds me, Captain.
This is technically privileged information, but here.
What is it?
A patient file. Lt. Marito's.
Patient file?
It's also a prescription. For you.
For me?
Thanks.
Compared to where I've been sleeping until now, this is paradise.
Aldnoah drive online.
We have power! We're good to go.
Deucalion, lift off.
That girl's father tried to kill the princess, a fellow Martian.
Martians killed her father,
and then that Rayet girl turned a gun on the princess even though she's a Martian, too.
And I... killed my own best friend.
What was it like to be shot by a friend, Humeray?
Slaine.
This is our data on Tanegashima, the island where you were retrieved.
An enormous dock and shipbuilding facilities...
You saw a ship?
Yes.
And that ship was Aldnoah-equipped?
Most likely.
And was it Princess Asseylum who activated that Aldnoah?
You hold your tongue out of concern for her?
Are you familiar with this?
What is it?
The Deucalion.
A Kataphrakt belonging to Viscountess Orlane
that has gravity control capability.
Viscountess Orlane?
The woman who was to be my wife.
We did our very utmost.
Using the power of the Aldnoah that His Majesty bestowed upon us, we ruled the people,
cultivated the wastelands of Vers, expanded our domain,
and tried to amass wealth.
But no matter what we did, we would always be limited by something.
Limited?
By water and air.
In the time of the people of the ancient civilization that created Aldnoah,
water and air were yet plentiful.
But all Vers has now is an atmosphere that is nearly a vacuum
and what little water remains underground.
In fact, owing to that thin atmosphere, Vers is constantly buffeted by storms.
As it stands, no matter how much land there is, the harvest it yields will always be meager.
The more our population grows,
production always falls short of demand, and we grow ever more impoverished.
It was always a fool's errand to live on that world.
But our second emperor, Emperor Gillzeria, was a believer in Aldnoah's power
and focused all his efforts on developing our industrial capacity.
The royal family, the masters of Aldnoah, ruled with an iron fist
and turned a deaf ear to the pleas of our suffering people.
And then... the rising discontent of the populace was directed against Earth.
He whipped the people of Vers into a frenzy, saying that it was Earth,
with their claims of sovereignty, obstruction of independence,
and attempts to rule us from their distant world,
that was their enemy and the source of their suffering.
Horrifyingly, those lies were supported by all.
They were the superior race,
and the filthy subhumans who hoarded Earth's bounty for themselves were evil.
Planning to invade Earth,
we passed through the Hyper Gate and gathered our forces.
Foolishly thinking all the while that our actions were just.
And then, my Dioscuria, with its superior flight capabilities,
and Orlane's Deucalion went down to Tanegashima as an advance party.
How unimpressive...
This was hardly worth steeling our resolve and coming down for.
Do you not agree, Milord Saazbaum?
Indeed. This is quite a disappointment, Orlane.
We will be able to take this planet far more easily than we expected.
Our people will be most pleased, to say nothing of His Majesty.
What's going on?!
Powerful space-time distortion waves?
The Hyper Gate!
The Moon... has shattered?
We're withdrawing, Orlane!
What's the matter? Withdraw at once! The surface is unsafe!
The distortions are affecting my antigravity device!
I can't fly!
I'm coming to assist!
You mustn't! It is too late! Leave me!
Hurry!
Orlane!
I will have my revenge for Orlane, mark my words.
Count!
Count Saazbaum!
This is the battleship Deucalion. HQ, requesting docking clearance.
Set down in Dock 6.
Deucalion, acknowledged.
I see it with my own two eyes, and I still can't believe it.
A flying battleship... It's like something out of those Japanese comic books.
I heard it was abandoned because they couldn't activate its Aldnoah.
Those reports that they're harboring Princess Asseylum must be true.
We finally made it...
Yeah.
United Earth Headquarters...
Touchdown in 3... 2... 1...
Ship is down. Now mooring.
I suppose this means our voyage is over, too.
Yes, for now.
For now, ma'am?
If we keep the ship, what will the enemy do?
Now that we're here, we're safe, right?
This is a secret base 600 meters underground
that was designed to withstand a nuclear strike.
They say that lots of refugees are being housed in the massive shelters here.
At capacity, they're supposed to have 3 years' worth of supplies stockpiled.
But apparently, the numbers don't add up.
Are they over capacity?
The opposite, apparently. They have too many provisions.
It looks like most of the refugees never made it here.
If this place is destroyed... Terrans might go extinct.
It's huge!
Hey, Inaho.
I looked around.
There's lots of Areions sitting around, so why would you keep using that Sleipnir?
I'm used to it.
That's all?
Heavier armor wouldn't have helped against anything we've fought so far.
If you're okay with it, suit yourself.
Do we even have to fight now? We can let the professionals do their job.
Right?
Yeah.
You can't be too careful.
It's got conformal power assist, huh?
Aldnoah...
This is what started it all.
Thank you very much, Inaho.
I'm given to understand that it's you whom I owe my life to.
No, it's because we're in a war.
How many times does this make it?
I'm not sure. And I wouldn't say that I've saved it.
This is a war, after all.
You're a kind person, aren't you?
You are.
After all this is over...
We will remain friends after all this is over, won't we?
Yes.
I'm glad.
Milady, it's time.
Very well.
Then let's be off, Eddelrittuo.
If you'll excuse us.
I am Asseylum Vers Allusia.
I am the Princess Royal, granddaughter of
Rayregalia Vers Rayvers, Emperor of Vers.
I address the people of Father Vers.
I call for an immediate cessation of hostilities in this meaningless war.
I am safe. Alive and well.
It is not Terrans who made an attempt on my life.
It was a plot by the Orbital Knights, who have their sights set on an invasion of Earth.
The Terrans are innocent.
Stop the fighting immediately.
And then make peace with Earth.
I beg you, put a stop to this tragedy.
This is the Tharsis!
I retrieved it from Castle Cruhteo.
He was unworthy of it.
Its Aldnoah drive is powered down...
Which means that Count Cruhteo truly is...
Princess Asseylum's location has been pinpointed
via laser transmission to the Moon base.
The Moon base is under the control of those who feel as I do.
Her Highness' proclamation will reach no one's ears.
The final battle is about to take place at the enemy's main stronghold.
Even with the full might of a Landing Castle, it will be no easy feat.
My debt to your father is paid.
You may join my forces or you may flee to Earth.
Do as you will.
Milord Saazbaum, all launch preparations are now complete.
Begin Landing Castle descent!
Destination: UE Headquarters! Novostal'sk, Russia!
