Sir Villar.
Duke Theo Cornaro...
Once again the time has come for me to offer you my Crest.
If there are no objections.
There is no one who would object to that.
Earl of Sistina, it is clear to us all by now that you're the right man to lead the Altirk Treaty.
I, too, intend to pledge allegiance to you.
Sir Theo, I'd like to serve you, as well.
However, I intend to forsake the Constance name
and take my mother's family name, Stelea instead.
Please wait!
I'm nowhere near the caliber of my brother Villar.
Even on that day that we lost this castle to Milza,
far from being an asset to him, I was only a liability.
Still...
You're the one who should succeed the Constance family.
So as of today,
I want you to become the head of the Constance family.
Understood.
With that in mind, you should also pledge fealty to Duke Theo Cornaro.
Even if we combined our Crests,
it wouldn't be enough to rule over Altirk and Regalia, after all.
As long as Sir Theo is in agreement.
I accept.
Now that my master, the Earl of Sistina, Theo Cornaro has become leader of the Treaty,
we're in agreement to entrust your Crests to him.
I plan to carry on the legacy of Earl Villar Constance who died shielding us.
Sir Villar stayed true to the Union's resolution to push for peace with the Alliance.
I'd like us to strive for that, too.
And so in order to take a neutral position, the Altirk Treaty
will hereby break away from the Union!
If we declare independence now, it will rattle the Union even more,
and I don't see the Alliance agreeing to reconcile.
In the end, wouldn't such a move benefit the Alliance?
We're still going to cooperate with the Union as we always have,
and we'll continue battling the Alliance.
Our goal is to ensure that the three factions strike a balance,
and bring the fighting to a standstill.
Otherwise, there won't be anything to negotiate.
So I guess our only option is to hope the Union comes through.
Right. If the Union doesn't make a move, we're finished.
We might have defeated Prince Milza and reclaimed Altirk,
but the Alliance is still as powerful as ever.
Unfortunately, we have no time to sit back and relax.
However,
why don't we celebrate our victories on the battlefield just for tonight?
Seriously, I'm exhausted.
Sir Theo!
You still haven't gone to bed?
No.
You must be tired. Please get some rest now.
I'm planning to do just that.
I just wanted to talk to you about something first.
- Here you go. - Thanks.
Congratulations on becoming leader of the Altirk Treaty, and a duke.
Anyone can see that I'm out of place.
But you seemed so comfortable in the role.
During the banquet, you showed no signs of arrogance,
and was kind and considerate as you interacted with the Lords.
You were yourself, Sir Theo. I think that's a good thing.
I'm relieved that they acknowledge me now.
Your popularity among the soldiers and the people was overwhelming, too.
All you had to do was show yourself, and everyone would start cheering.
Even though so many soldiers lost their lives under my watch,
and even cost the civilians so many lives, as well.
To be honest,
it pains my heart.
Don't ever forget that feeling
and try to rule in a way that benefits your people.
Of course. I'll never forget.
But my final dream hasn't changed after all this time.
To return to my homeland, Marza, and to bring happiness to my village.
Right.
No, actually, there's just one thing that's changed since then.
What would that be?
It's my final dream.
When I go back to Marza,
I want you to be by my side.
When I first met you, Sir Theo, I pledged my eternal loyalty to you.
Needless to say, I intend to serve you for the rest of my life.
Looks like I'm not getting through to you again.
Two people who love each other should be together.
And I don't just mean Sir Alexis and Lady Marrine.
S-Since this is a crucial topic,
please be specific.
When I return to Marza,
I want you by my side not as my contracted mage
but as my queen.
I tried not to think about that too much.
Just getting to have the same dream as you, Sir Theo, makes me happy.
As does being alone with you and being treated so kindly, like now.
And besides, with your status now,
you could find any number of lovely women to be your queen.
I can't even think of anyone but you.
I wanted to make that clear.
All right, then, starting now, I will be your queen.
But do you mind if we keep it private until after we've achieved our goals?
That's fine with me.
The important thing is how we feel about each other.
Also,
I have a favor to ask of you.
What is it?
Please don't die before me.
The world is overrun with Chaos, and we live in a turbulent age.
I'm a Lord, and I'm about to go into battle with a powerful enemy.
I still want you to promise.
And if I can't keep that promise?
Then I'll die, too.
That's a grave responsibility.
Theo Cornaro has been named leader of the Treaty.
So the Treaty's solidarity is now unshakable.
How is the Earl of Le Couleurs?
As he was close to the Earl of Altirk,
it's highly likely that he'll join forces with the Treaty.
He is a formidable opponent.
I want to avoid any invasions by him and the Treaty members, no matter what.
How are those negotiations going?
I've received word that they're going well.
Then tell them to set it in motion immediately.
As you wish.
If we can take down the Earl of Le Couleurs,
we can drastically undermine the Treaty's military power.
We'll finish this off at once!
I see you're growing steadily.
Priscilla!
Yes?
Do you have a minute?
What is it?
The other day,
Pope Leone of the Order of the Crest proclaimed himself to be the Holy Grail.
Is that right?
But you're the true Holy Grail, aren't you?
I was born with a Crest in my possession.
And it's true that my Crest is shaped like one.
My father always said that I was the Holy Grail.
For that reason,
some of our followers do call me the Holy Grail of Farnese.
Your father...
He's the founder of the Order of the Crest, Ernest Farnese, isn't he?
Yes.
What is the Holy Grail anyway?
The Order of the Crest preaches that by gathering all of the world's Crests into the Holy Grail,
you can summon a god to eliminate the Chaos.
I see.
So it's the same thing as the Holy Crest, huh?
But if you're known as the Holy Grail,
you're probably a hindrance to the pope.
Maybe that man sees me that way.
The pope might try to harm you.
You're right.
You be careful, too, Sir Theo.
If he's declared himself to be the Holy Grail,
then he's voicing his intent to gather all the Crests.
In other words, I think it's highly probable that he's targeting your Crest.
All right.
By the way, Siluca, how do you feel about the Order of the Crest now?
To me, both the order's doctrines and the Holy Grail
just seem like myths created for convenience's sake.
But I might have become the Treaty's leader thanks to the guidance of the one god.
It's because you worked hard for it, Sir Theo!
Whatever you do, please don't offer your Crest to the Order of the Crest!
I don't know.
If it turns out that I can save you and the others with this Crest,
I'll offer it without a second thought.
Lady Siluca, I have a report for you.
I received a report that the Earl of Le Couleurs, Sir Croute Gallas,
met a heroic death while battling the Waldlind forces.
Sir Croute...
Before our reinforcements could reach them,
he was betrayed by the mercenaries sent by Lord Dawson, and then he was...
Afterwards, what has Lord Dawson been doing?
So Lord Dawson did have a secret agreement in place all along.
It appears so.
He's gathered the most devout Lords of the Alliance
and called on them to pledge their allegiance to him.
How did the Lords he summoned react?
At this time, none of them seem to have complied.
I see.
But now that the Union has lost the Earl of Le Couleurs,
things are looking even bleaker, huh?
For things not to turn out the way we want... That's how it's always been.
The important thing is how we're going to adjust.
You have an idea?
Well, I wouldn't go so far as to call it an idea.
Why don't we go to Jalucia together?
Fine by me, but...
The Treaty has broken away from the Union.
In their eyes, we might just be a bunch of traitors.
As far as that goes, we'll have to believe in Sir Alexis.
After all this distressing news, the Earl of Jalucia must be despondent.
Since you're his friend, Sir Theo,
please do what you can to cheer him up!
Cheer him up?
With the Earl of Le Couleurs dead,
only Sir Alexis can save the Union from this crisis now.
If he should rise up, the other Lords are sure to follow.
Are those...
I think they were included in the reward for attaining the rank of viscount.
I hear that the previous archduke used his surplus court ranks to procure them.
But apparently they're slow in the water, and have no practical use to speak of.
Since they're warships unable to fight the enemy,
the locals call them peace ships.
Though they do look intimidating beyond belief.
Pardon me.
Sir Alexis says that he will be delighted to see you.
Thank goodness.
I've heard the rumors about your achievements!
It was like hearing the legend of the First Lord, Leon!
I owe it all to my comrades,
starting with Siluca here.
I hear you've been named leader of the Altirk Treaty.
Yes.
And you've broken away from the Union.
Is there any way that you'd reconsider?
Because there's no one I can rely on but you.
In fact, I even wish you'd take over as leader of the Union.
I cannot accept.
Because what I want is for the Union and Alliance to reconcile.
Reconcile?
If I hadn't been so insistent about reconciling,
we wouldn't have lost the Earl of Altirk.
That day, if only I'd chosen to go to war against the Alliance,
the Union wouldn't be in this position now.
That might be true.
But surely you've lost something even more precious, Sir Alexis.
Marrine...
Even if the Union ends up defeating the Alliance,
I'm sure a world without Lady Marrine would hold no purpose for you.
That's true for me.
That's why I sought peace with the Union.
But it was different for Marrine.
That's because Lady Marrine believes she must create the Emperor's Holy Crest
by unifying the Crests through military might.
Despite the fact that the Crests would've been unified eventually
if she and I had married?
Because there are people who don't want that to happen.
That's what triggered that tragedy.
Right.
Everything changed after that day.
And so I want to negate that tragedy!
I want to restore the world that existed before that incident!
Needless to say, that's what I wish for, as well.
But I no longer feel that it's possible.
It is possible!
We need the Union, the Alliance, and the Treaty to strike a military balance for that to happen.
The Union isn't capable of...
Yes, it is!
The Union nations are all affluent, and since they haven't been at war,
their human resources haven't been depleted.
The Alliance is surely suffering the effects of having fought in consecutive battles.
If you were to rise up, Sir Alexis, I'm sure...
I can't do it.
Even to save Lady Marrine?
Save her?
What do you mean by that?
Even if she unifies the Crests by military force, and becomes emperor,
she can never be happy!
That doesn't make sense.
Marrine is acting of her own volition.
She is only suppressing her feelings to fulfill her duty as the leader of the Alliance!
But I don't find that commendable at all!
Because if she's not being true to her heart, there's no point to anything she accomplishes!
To me, it's unforgivable that she's continuing to fight while stifling her soul!
Despite the fact that she's in love with you!
Is that true?
Yes.
Lady Marrine is still in love with you even now.
There's no doubt about that.
There's no one who can stop Lady Marrine but you!
I've made up my mind.
What have you decided?
I'll be your queen.
Sir Alexis, where are you heading?
I'm setting off to attack Lord Dawson!
What did you just say?
Sir Alexis!
Prepare to mobilize immediately!
Sir Alexis has decided to rise up?
Kind of late in the game, but this should be interesting!
Come on, let's all join the rampage!
Let's follow Sir Alexis's lead!
That Earl of Le Couleurs was hardly a worthy opponent, eh?
Indeed.
Even that Doucet moppet, the Union is a collection of spineless fools who lack foresight, huh?
You're absolutely right, sir.
Pardon the intrusion!
A massive force led by the Earl of Jalucia is advancing towards this castle right now!
What?
If the Alliance were to win, and Marrine became emperor,
I thought the world would become a better place.
But if it means that she'll be hurt...
then I'll...
LEADER
EPISODE 19 THE AWAKENING OF A NOBLE
