So you're finally here, then, you scrubs?
Come, now... what are you waiting for?
How delightful!
Master, it's time for the regular debriefing.
Time does fly, doesn't it?
Good job, all of you.
Come back anytime to try again!
Master, what were you watching while sparring with the prospective students?
Phoenix Festa, of course!
Hu Feng, I just saw the most delightful boy in the latest match!
Seidoukan's Ayato Amagiri or something?
In terms of raw talent, I think that kid was the best!
Such a blast to watch!
Is it too late to ask him to play for us?
Easier said than done.
However, it seems that his powers are limited.
But that's what makes him all the more intriguing!
If I'm not mistaken, his next opponents are Song and Luo.
I couldn't be more envious!
So there you are, Master.
Oh, and you, too, Elder Brother Zhao.
- It's been a long time. - It's been a long time.
It's the twins, eh?
Shenyun and Shenhua...
So, what did you want to see me for?
Well, at this rate, we're headed for a clash with Song and Luo in the sixth round.
Being from the Water faction, we just don't see eye to eye with the Wood faction.
When we do clash with them...
- Just so you know. - Just so you know.
Why, you...!
Just do as you please.
My goal is merely to endow you with power.
I have no interest in telling you what path to choose.
Master!
I can see why you inherited the Divine Revelations!
How open-minded you are!
- We are quite impressed! - We are quite impressed!
AYATO AMAGIRI JULIS-ALEXIA VON RIESSFELD LUO KUNZHAN SONG RAN SHENYUN LI SHENHUA LI
That said, are you sure that all will go as you planned?
By that do you mean we do not measure up to Song and Luo?
Oh, no. But we're not sure if those two will win through to the next round.
Master, do you believe that Song and Luo will lose to that Seidoukan team,
even though their weakness has been exposed?
All I care about is having a good time.
That's what I'm here for.
If Amagiri and his teammate win tomorrow,
he'll only increase his capabilities further.
And that's what I'm looking forward to.
After all, that would make it...
Divine Revelations
Seidoukan's new phenom might be saddled with a time limit!?
Seriously,
Who knew that the rumor would spread like this in a single day?
The players themselves must have received even more detailed data.
How much do you think they know?
For starters, we should assume that the match with Irene
gave them a rough idea of your time limit.
Yeah, probably.
The real issue is
that the word's out about the impact on you when you release those powers.
In order to recover from the physical damage of this impact,
it can be inferred that Amagiri must stand by for a certain interval...
I hear that Rewolf is the source of these rumors!
That wretched Tyrant!
So...
how are you really feeling?
Well, I still have some pain.
But not enough to keep me from fighting normally.
So you won't be able to go all-out, then?
No... I don't think that's gonna happen.
Very well. In that case, there are two things I want to confirm.
How can your defense be so formidable when your powers are sealed?
Oh, right.
If it's defense, I can get by with experience and anticipation up to a point.
I see.
All right, here's the other thing.
That method you have of releasing your power for just a second...
Can you still use it, even now?
I think I could pull it off at least once.
Very well, then.
Our next opponents are Jie Long's Rank 20 and 23.
DIVINE REVELATIONS
They're direct disciples of Jie Long's student council president,
Divine Revelations, and masters of close combat.
If you were at full strength, it wouldn't be hard to defeat them,
but frankly, in your current state, that would be asking too much.
If it were one-on-one, I'm sure I could hold my own,
but taking on both at the same time...
Which brings me to my proposal.
You have a plan?
What do you think of this strategy?
PHOENIX FESTA ROUND 5 MATCH 8
Here we are!
The last match of Round 5 of the Phoenix Festa!
Which team will claim the final berth of the quarterfinals?
Since this year's teams are of a high caliber,
I'd say every one of them has a shot at winning it all!
Now, then, why don't we introduce the quarterfinalists to watch?
First of all, this year's front-runners!
Arlequint's all-powerful, bleeding-edge puppets, AR-D and RM-C!
They'll be competing as Ernesta and Camilla's surrogates!
What a shock to see them win after allowing their opponents to attack for a full minute!
And here are Jie Long's prized twin demons!
Shenyun Li, a.k.a. Phantom Fog Disperser,
SHENHUA LI
SHENYUN LI
and Shenhua Li, a.k.a. Phantom Creator!
With their huge arsenal of Star Senjutsu combo moves,
they're devilishly hard to beat.
Till now, they've had their way with all the opponents and gone on to win!
But wait, there's more!
Fighting for the Silver-winged Knights' pride and honor!
Elliot Forster and Doroteo Lemus of Galahadworth!
Doroteo's a beast of a veteran. This is his third Festa.
Elliot is a young prodigy
who joined the Silver-winged Knights despite only being in junior high!
Seidoukan Academy owns the Phoenix Festa!
Can they stand their ground?
KIRIN TOUDOU
SAYA SASAMIYA
Kirin Toudou and Saya Sasamiya!
The teamwork between Toudou, who's adept at close combat,
and Sasamiya, who has sheer firepower... they're totally in the zone!
But speaking of Seidoukan Academy,
we also need to keep an eye on the Amagiri-Riessfeld team,
who are up next!
Right!
They sure handed Irene, armed with the Ogre Lux Gravi-sheath,
and her teammate Priscilla, a resounding defeat!
Meanwhile, all kinds of rumors have started swirling about Amagiri!
If what's being reported is true, the disadvantage will be huge!
Has he recovered from the damage he sustained in releasing his powers?
And will we get to see that performance from him again today?!
All right! This is the match to watch, in every sense of the word!
Seidoukan Academy's Ayato Amagiri and Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld!
SONG RAN
LUO KUNZHAN
And now Jie Long 7th Academy's Song and Luo have arrived onstage!
Amagiri!
Whether or not those rumors about you are true,
Luo and I plan to go all-out against you!
To be honest,
we would've preferred to go head-to-head with you when you were 100.
But such are the rules of the team-oriented Phoenix Festa!
Don't take it personally!
Oh, hey, no need to...
We just wanted to let you know that before the match.
Right...
I see.
So they're true warriors, through and through.
Who knew guys like that existed?
All right, both teams are now onstage!
They're going start off by testing you to see whether you can fight at 100.
And they'll see through it right away.
That it's true.
Probably...
All right! Listen up, Ayato.
This is your mark. Make sure you remember it.
Right.
The signal's the fireworks, right?
Make sure you've met all the conditions by then.
Roger that.
Now which team is going to seize victory
in this fifth round match and head to the quarterfinals?
Match 8, Round 5 of the Phoenix Festa!
Battle...
Here we come!
I see...
Looks like the rumors were true.
Burst into bloom, Primrose!
Sorry, Ayato! He got past me!
Can you endure this blow?
Whoa!
Amagiri is under siege! What an unexpected turn of events!
The Song-Luo team's concerted attack was surely masterful!
No sign of that performance this time,
and he's using far less Prana than what we've seen till now.
So I guess those rumors must be true, right?
Come out, Loropetalum!
Could this be one of Riessfeld's skills?
A wall of flames has appeared out of nowhere!
It's split the stage in two!
I see, so you've separated Luo and me.
Now it's one-on-one.
You believe you have a chance if it's one-on-one?
To be honest, I don't think it'll be easy,
but that doesn't mean I should give up, does it?
That was a stupid question to ask.
Allow me to apologize.
What's the matter?
I see that you've been over-hyped, Gluhen Rose!
This is the skill of a Rank 23?
At Seidoukan, you'd easily crack the Page One ranks!
Livingstone Daisy!
I see... So that's what's going on.
You're expending your power to maintain this wall of flames, eh?
But you could've turned this into a one-on-one battle
without resorting to such elaborate tricks.
I had no choice.
This is the only way we can win.
Meaning that you have something else up your sleeve, huh?
To be honest, I admire you.
You may have been focusing on defense,
but to withstand all of my attacks till now...
If you were at full strength, our roles might have been reversed.
No, I don't think I could've held out for so long.
I don't think...
that's necessarily true.
But I couldn't live with myself if I went on battering you like this.
Out of respect for you,
I shall finish this with my next move.
All right, you'd better hurry!
Or else the battle beyond that wall will be over.
Are you perhaps implying that my partner will lose?
In his current state, Murakumo has no chance against us.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
For Ayato to defeat you in his current state,
the best he could do would be to catch you off-guard somehow.
Well, not that Song and I would ever lay ourselves open like that...
That side, eh?
Even if you protect yourself, this fist will pulverize everything!
I would advise you to dodge it, rather than block it.
Julis...
This is it!
Burst into bloom...
No way am I gonna let you do that!
Amaryllis! Twin Blossoms!
Julis's signal!
Badge broken!
E-End of match!
Winners, Ayato Amagiri and Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld!
It was stunning teamwork catching their opponents off-guard
and snatching victory from the jaws of defeat!
No, no, it wasn't quite that simple, actually.
Meaning?
Song was in close-quarter combat with Amagiri,
whereas Luo was countering Riessfeld's long-distance assault.
By switching places, the Seidoukan team messed up their opponents' timing,
and that's how they caught them off-guard so decisively.
Really, that was amazing!
Well, we did scratch out a win, but...
Even so, it's significant that we managed to get through today.
After a full day's rest tomorrow,
you should be able to go all-out in our next match, won't you?
Yeah, that won't be a problem.
But what about you, Julis?
What about your injuries?
Well, it doesn't seem to be broken, so it's nothing I can't handle.
Anyway, about our next match...
Even if you're able to go all-out, our opponents look to be quite a handful.
Yeah.
I agree.
I'm sure you're not here to offer your congratulations,
so what is it that you want with us?
Actually, that's precisely it.
It was you who came up with that strategy, wasn't it, Gluhen Rose?
Uh, yes...
It was an amazing combination that couldn't be achieved
unless you trusted each other.
We got trounced today. You were amazing!
W-Well...
But you must be careful.
Such a strategy will have no impact on your next opponents.
What do you mean by that?
This is purely a warning.
Just take it at face value.
That's easy for you to say, but our next opponents are comrades of yours.
Do you really think I can trust what you say?
Going to the same school doesn't make us all comrades.
Shenyun Li and Shenhua Li... and us...
LUO KUNZHAN SONG RAN
AYATO AMAGIRI JULIS-ALEXIA VON RIESSFELD
We just don't see eye to eye.
That said, we're not about to clue you in on their weak points, but...
We feel more of an affinity for you two than for those twins.
And so we wanted to show you our support.
All right, then, let me ask you again.
Why did you say our strategy wouldn't work?
Because when it comes to deception, trickery and surprise attacks,
those twins' talents are prodigious.
They'll see right through any strategy you come up with,
and they'll be sure to one-up you.
In battle, you two see your opponents as your equals,
embracing the risks such a strategy entails.
But those two are different.
They constantly look down on their opponents,
never exposing themselves to danger, no matter what.
That's the Li twins' way.
And that's what we can't stomach about them.
Well, well, well...
First you go down in inglorious defeat...
And now you're poisoning your opponents with trash talk?
Why, you...
Nice to meet you, Gluhen Rose and Murakumo.
I'm Shenyun Li.
I'm Shenhua Li.
- Pleased to make your acquaintance! - Pleased to make your acquaintance!
What do you want?
Well, we just felt that we owed you an apology.
Apology?
Yes, as it seems that our comrades there put up such a lame fight.
As students of the same master, we couldn't be more mortified!
Well, I don't think it was lame at all.
It's worrysome for disciples of the Divine Revelations to be seen as so hapless.
So we're going to show you a world our older comrades weren't able to.
- The depths of Star Senjutsu, that is! - The depths of Star Senjutsu, that is!
Pretty unpleasant duo, weren't they?
But including those two, three more victories, and we stand to win it all.
Three times, huh?
Doesn't seem like a lot, but it sounds so demanding.
I'm glad you recognize that, at least.
But have you given any thought to what you're going to ask for if we win?
I can't really think of anything right now.
Well, I had a feeling you'd say that.
I'm grateful to you for fighting for me, and to be honest...
Um, it makes me happy.
But I think it's about time you set your sights on what you want.
That may be true, but still...
Your older sister... what about her?
I'm sure my sister must've had her reasons for leaving home,
so I'm not going to go out of my way to look for her.
But the fastest way to figure out your seal would be to find her, right?
Yeah... Well, that's true, but...
Don't tell me that you...
Yoohoo!
H-Hello!
You came all this way just to see us?
We're sure you're both exhausted,
so we wanted to congratulate you as soon as possible.
Then I'm gonna open the door now!
Uh, before you do,
you should know that you have another guest...
Is it all right if we let her in?
A guest?
That's right. To see Riessfeld.
To see me?
Princess!
But you're...
Long time no see!
Flora!
To all you Claudia fans out there...
Long time no see!
Those of you disappointed by my lack of screen time this episode...
Rest assured!
The true heroine will appear in the preview!
Episode 14 - Corrupt Ruler
Yes, that's right!
In the preview!
