I see that you are awake, Slaine Troyard.
Where am I...?
My castle. You are safe now. Take your time and rest.
What happened...?
I remember being interrogated by Count Cruhteo, but then...
You have nothing to fear. I have dealt with him.
The count... is dead?
I am indebted to your father. Hence, I am obligated to repay that debt.
Indebted?
When war first broke out 15 years ago, I came down to Earth as a scout.
There, I was caught in Heaven's Fall and was mortally wounded.
Amidst that cataclysm where the Moon was sundered,
the Earth's crust deformed, and there was nowhere to turn for help,
I was found by your father, Dr. Troyard, and he saved my life.
Father did that?
I have seen clearly the depths of your loyalty to the princess.
Your devotion in concealing her survival so as not to alert the assassins is admirable.
How did you know that she...?
Count Cruhteo is no traitor.
Quite the contrary, he is a true knight who has sworn fealty to the princess.
While I am the traitor who plotted her assassination.
Pay close attention to your surroundings. Come on, infrared, too.
Keep your guard up.
Yes, ma'am! Three aircraft, 2 o'clock! No IFF signal!
Flagging as hostiles! Almost in effective weapons range!
Now engaging!
Wow, Inko's good.
She has pretty good instincts. You here to practice, too, Calm?
I got assigned to maintenance crew.
For now, maybe.
You mean there might be an opening?
This is war, after all.
Let me try.
Hey, Sniper Girl.
But I thought you hadn't had any military training.
I learned from games.
Sim-Kat 10, you mean? That's such a solid game...
I'm only so-so in live drills, but I kick ass on that game.
Man, I'm amazed you learned to pilot the real thing from a game...
The Martians, huh?
They look exactly the same as us Terrans, huh? You'd never know unless somebody told you.
Inaho's such a jerk. He knew who she really was, but didn't tell us.
My Nao has grown up, I guess.
I just wish that he had opened up to his big sister, at least.
Since he met a girl he likes, and all...
Come again?
What's that supposed to mean?!
Given the times we live in, a Martian won't be met with open arms,
but if he marries a princess, my little Nao would be marrying into serious money!
Is that true?! Is that what he'll do?!
I don't get that vibe at all.
He never cracks a smile, and he has the same old grumpy look on his face..
It's totally different.
Really?
I'm family, so I can tell.
I know how he looks when he's happy, when he's depressed,
and when he's lying.
That is his I'm on cloud nine face.
I dunno...
For starters, that cold fish listening intently to a girl is unusual in and of itself, right?
Now that is true!
For that boy, it's the ultimate expression of affection.
Warrant Officer Kaizuka! May I take a break?
Sure.
Me, too!
May I use the simulator?
Sure, of course. You don't want to join them?
Can you really tell?
When someone is lying?
Pretty much. I mean, I can tell from your face that you're lying.
A Martian!
And a princess, to boot!
Guys sure love to try to tackle a challenge, huh?
But you have a shot, too, so don't give up. Hang in there.
As a big sister, I love that my little brother is so popular with the girls.
These are the 26 Landing Castle drop points
confirmed before contact was lost with our main force.
However, the Mars Knights consists of 37 Clans.
There is a possibility that other Landing Castles have come down.
Given what we've seen, there is a possibility
that their invasion has extended to urban areas.
Therefore, we can minimize the possibility of enemy encounters
by plotting a route through low population density areas,
avoiding radar, and flying at low altitude.
Mizusaki.
Ma'am?
Would you like to know why you can't get a date?
Possibility, possibility, possibility...
If you do nothing but play it safe, you'll never bump into Mr. Right.
I was given to understand that one should form a bond first, ma'am.
All right, let's go with your I want to make steady progress towards my goal,
even if means holding my nose sort of operation.
You don't approve?
No, I think it's a very simple operation.
She doesn't approve...
Target destroyed.
Okay, simulation complete. Rayet, right?
You've got some skills. Gamers are a formidable bunch.
Increase the difficulty.
Maybe we should call it a day.
I'm fine, keep going.
Okay, then. Why don't I throw in something we fought recently?
Try this.
Beginning simulation.
Thermal signature detected.
Off my 10 o'clock. Almost in effective range.
Don't do that, Rayet. The gun barrel will overheat.
Simulation complete.
I'm sorry. I made it too hard all of a sudden.
Did it throw you?
Warrant Officer Kaizuka.
Dr. Yagarai.
How is the exoskeleton working?
Wanna arm wrestle?
Thanks, but no.
Actually, would you mind if I borrowed your simulator program later?
You joining the fight, Doc?
No, it's not for that.
I need it for treatment.
Damn it...
I can't believe our captain turned out to be your kid sister, Humeray.
Probably explains where she gets her guts from.
Rayet.
May I join you?
Suit yourself.
Terran food is most delicious. So many unusual dishes not found on Vers.
Is that optical camouflage, too?
No, Inaho's friend Nina was kind enough to allow me to borrow these.
She thought it might be difficult to walk in a cramped ship in that dress.
Isn't she kind?
Highness, this is for you!
How lovely! A papercraft Terran bird!
Thank you, I shall treasure it.
That was most thoughtful of you, commoner.
When there is peace between Earth and Vers,
we shall speak of this to His Imperial Majesty, and-
Why?
Why did you reveal your identity? Martians are seen as the enemy.
How can you be so calm and composed?
Even though you were betrayed by Martians...
You're crazy, lady.
Mind your tongue! How dare you say such a thing to Her Highness?
You thought they were your friends...
Hey, come back here!
This is the problem with Terrans!
How do you feel?
No problem. I'm fine.
I recreated the scene based on your descriptions, Lt. Marito.
It ought to be close, but if I got something wrong, please tell me.
Is this really going to help?
PTSD...
One treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder is to
recreate the incident that caused it and to relive it again and again.
Relive a terrifying experience often enough and you get acclimated to it, huh?
We'll just have to see.
Let's begin.
Fine, whatever...
All right, here we go.
Oh, come on... Even games are more realistic than this these days.
Oh, are they? But we aren't playing a game.
Uh, this street is flipped.
I'll fix that for next time.
What's that down there?
That's Humeray, your war buddy.
Give me a break. This blocky guy ain't what's bothering me!
Trust me. Just be quiet and watch.
Come off it... Are you messing with me?
What the hell?! That's-
Marito!
What the hell is that?! Nobody said there was something like that here!
Don't be scared! We outnumber them!
Platoon Commander to all tanks! Piecemeal attack!
What the...?
Marito!
That thing's doing this?
It's flying?!
Our shells, they-
Marito!
Anti-gravity? No...
This tank is a lost cause. We're bailing, Humeray!
I can't...
My legs are pinned!
Fire!
Humeray!
Marito! Get me out, Marito!
Marito! Marito! Hurry, Marito!
Marito! Shoot me!
Please! Marito!
Hurry! Hurry!
Shoot me! Marito!
Lieutenant! Lt. Marito!
Are you all right, Lieutenant?
Everything you saw is in the past.
You're safe now. This isn't Tanegashima.
Like hell we are... This is a battlefield now, too.
I think that's enough for today.
Talk about pathetic... Being scared of that blocky thing.
No, that isn't what you are afraid of.
It's the fact that you killed your friend.
This is crazy, this is crazy, this is crazy...
This is so crazy!
Why did she reveal her identity? Why is she so calm?
Why? Why? Why?
Why... is she...
Why... am I...
What is the matter? Not hungry?
Do not worry, it is not poisoned.
Had I wished to kill you, I would have done so long ago.
Milord...
Yes?
Why are you so determined to fight Earth?
It is a lord's duty to his vassals to fight to expand his territory.
Just for that?
It is that great a cause.
These are creatures that fly through the air, I understand.
Yes, Milord.
Oh, actually, this type of bird is flightless.
Unimaginable luxury to the people of Vers,
who subsist on chlorella and krill.
I feel nothing but indignation towards the Terrans who
so offhandedly sent them as relief supplies.
This is not a luxury item.
It is processed food tailored for space transport and preservation.
Culture is the sole domain of Earth,
blessed with abundant water and air, overflowing with countless living creatures.
On Father Vers, although technology is advanced thanks to Aldnoah,
culture has not developed at all.
There is no reason that we should not seize this world and its plentiful resources.
But even so, surely there is no need to exploit Princess Asseylum to-
It is too late. The war has already begun.
Her Highness will be a human sacrifice.
She is innocent!
She is royalty. Her very lineage is her crime.
Fifteen years ago, the royal family whipped the knights into a frenzy and sent them against Earth.
For that, I will make them pay with their own flesh and blood.
Please don't kill her.
We are a people oppressed under a feudal system centered around Aldnoah.
Our impoverished, shabby country looks with scorn upon a world with a vast history.
Such nonsense...
It is only natural that Vers, where the masses had been controlled by saying,
Be envious of Earth, be jealous of Earth, despise Earth,
is so corrupt that only through invading Earth can its great cause be maintained.
Your injuries attest to that all too well.
The royal family chose war. To maintain order on Vers.
And then... Heaven's Fall came about as a result of that war,
and my betrothed, Orlane, lost her life!
This war is my vengeance.
This war is my appointed task.
Defy me, and I will show you no mercy. Even if you are the son of the man I owe my life to.
I was worried that they would be more hostile towards us, but it was for nothing.
Yes, I am relieved that the people of Earth are so kind.
They must understand that you are not their enemy, but rather a victim.
Deep down, we are all fellow human beings.
Though our places of birth may differ, we are capable of mutual understanding.
Some of them are rude and strange, though...
Oh, my apologies! I forgot your new clothing!
I'll go fetch it at once!
Oh, that was fast, Eddelri...ttsuo?
Shouldn't you be with Seylum?
Her name is not Seylum! It is Her Royal Highness Asseylum!
Aldnoah drive, output falling!
Switch to auxiliary power!
Unable to maintain altitude!
Rate of descent increasing! Impact in 30 seconds!
All hands, brace for impact!
