Black Vinegar Private Middle School
Man, what a surprise.
I guess there are espers other than you, Shigeo.
But it looks like he's pretty surprised himself.
Impossible...
Are you a natural?
There's another like me?
What is the creepy-looking ball of energy next to you?
What?
Are you its master?
No, it's haunting me.
Well, whatever.
There are a bunch of questions I want to ask you,
but before that, we need to establish something...
The hierarchy here.
Say what?
Progress Towards
Mob's Explosion
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 45
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 46
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 47
Mob Psycho 100
OCHIMUSHA Psychic Powers and Me
Be careful just in case, Shigeo.
Even you could get tripped up if you're not care
Sorry, I wasn't listening.
What?!
Why are you attacking me? I haven't done anything.
Let's be...
He's on guard.
Not that I don't understand how he feels.
I bet he's lived his life so far as the big fish in a very small pond.
And for the first time ever, he's meeting someone that could be his natural enemy.
If he doesn't establish his superiority right now,
he won't be satisfied, I'm sure.
But, that aside...
What's with those weird movements? They're kinda like wire action.
Telekinesis.
It lets you move objects around, and stuff.
You're not gonna do it?
I get nauseous, so no.
I use telekinesis to teleport close to my opponent
and blow him away with my Psycho Fist.
This dancing strategy that I've perfected to use against average people
apparently looks like nothing more than weird movements against him.
Damn it!
Shigeo, you need to teach him a lesson here.
Show him who's boss.
Come on. Look at how he's standing. He's gonna attack again.
You need to hit him with something big, too.
No.
You're not supposed to use psychic powers against people.
You idiot! Look at who you're talking about!
He's put his psychic powers to good use and is living a fulfilling life!
And then look at you.
You live a dull lifestyle, with one boring day after another.
Do you think there's anything appealing about you without your psychic powers?
Listen up!
We were born with special powers that other people don't have,
but we mustn't let it get to our heads and think we're special.
People who are fast,
39th Choral Competition
people who sing well,
people who are book smart,
people who are good at talking,
and people who can use psychic powers...
You can't put one over the other.
Being confident about your powers is fine, but you mustn't get conceited.
Depending on how we use our powers, they can also be deadly weapons.
They're just like knives.
What are you not supposed to do with knives?
Point them at people?
So you do get it. Make sure you never forget that.
That's the moral code people like us with special powers need to live by.
That all gets ruined once you know Reigen said it.
Anyway, I won't use them in a fight.
Also, I don't want to live a life having to rely on psychic powers.
I'm going to find some other potential within me.
Not to mention, I started working out.
I'm going to change.
You say that, but...
Shigeo!
How about that?!
That was a telekinetic tackle with all my weight behind it.
A life without using psychic powers?
How stupid!
There's no reason to live your life stooping to the level of average people!
Other potentials are absolutely useless!
Working out? Studying?
Leave all that crap to the average people!
Brain, brawn, and even the law are all powerless before my gift!
I'm special, and the world revolves around me!
Jeez, I guess there's no choice.
Hey, little boy. How about we just call this a draw?
Not happening.
Ending up in a draw with a guy like that would be the biggest disgrace in my life.
I can't have you breaking Shigeo, either.
He has no intention of fighting back, so he's obviously going to lose.
That... wouldn't be good.
Dimple?
Most of my spiritual power's been erased,
so I'm pretty much just some scraps left over, but...
Even then, I shouldn't have any problems disciplining a cocky little brat.
Shigeo's a man who can become a god. He's not a second-rate loser like
Huh?
Dimple!
I erased that thing with my Psycho Wave.
From the core, so there wouldn't be a single shred left.
Dimple's been exorcised...
Progress Towards
Mob's Explosion
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 47
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 48
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 49
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 50
Forget about your club.
Work on your psychic powers instead!
Tsubomi-chan, eh? She's got a nice ass.
Who the hell are you calling a ladybug?!
I'm gonna send your master to the hospital.
I'll make you popular.
Hey! Want me to show you how to use X-ray vision?
I don't know either, you perv!
Just for a sec, would you let me take over your body?
Dimple...
What? Are you so shocked that your pet was erased?
Not really.
Progression Toward Mob's Explosion: 50
Yeah, I guess you wouldn't be...
After all, it was sort of a pointless existence to begin with.
Though that goes for you, too.
Compared to me, you're third-rate. Nothing but small fry.
You can become big! I guarantee it!
Some idiots get the wrong idea if things aren't spelled out for them.
They think they can be someone if they actually try.
Be more confident, Shigeo! After all, you're the main character!
What? What's with that look?
Hey, why do you have to belittle others
by calling them average or small fry?
Wha?
Well, I just realized that he might actually have been an okay guy, that's all...
Compared to you.
What?
Don't...
think that you can keep that smug look on your face forever!
I'll make you submit to me with my psychic powers!
I'm gonna come at you with full power and no brakes!
That's dangerous.
If it wasn't me, you could hurt someone.
Stop that.
Are you trying to say that you won't get hurt?
Quit underestimating my powers!
What's wrong? You just going to keep defending yourself?
I told you to stop that.
Show me your powers!
If you're not going to show me your powers,
I guess we'll have to try something else.
I'll just see how much you can take by administering an endurance test.
Ow.
The home ec room.
Knives are dangerous. You shouldn't point
Don't order me around. You'll reduce your lifespan that way.
Of course, I have no intention of killing him,
but I'm sure he'll feel like fighting back now.
Will you stop? This is going to cause an accident.
Huh?
You did this on purpose, didn't you?
A huge accident has occurred.
I'm going to kill you!
Top of
Teru's Head
Top of Teru's Head 0
Mob Psycho 100
You'll pay for this.
I won't forgive you, even if you apologize!
You...
You totally thought I look even more like an ochimusha now, didn't you?
Huh? I didn't say that.
So you did think it.
No, that's fine. I'll admit it. This shameful sight! This truth!
And I'll acknowledge you, too.
What's your name?
Kageyama... Kageyama Shigeo.
Kageyama... I'm Hanazawa. Hanazawa Teruki.
Hi, Hanazawa-kun. Nice to meet you.
No, not as a friend.
I acknowledged you as an enemy.
By doing that, I can get even more serious about this.
S-Stop this already.
If you want to stop this, make me stop!
Come on, come on, come on! What's wrong?
Fight back, or you'll wind up badly hurt!
You're dealing with me!
I'm popular, and the main character of the world!
Everything revolves around me!
Hanazawa Teruki is the chosen one!
Why? How can you be so confident in yourself?
What a stupid question!
It's because I have psychic powers!
It's the power to control all!
And you are my first enemy!
Now, attack me! Let's have a test of strength!
No.
Why?! I'm telling you that it's okay!
Because... I don't want to injure you really badly.
Wha?
What a funny joke!
Don't compare me to those average people.
I'm on a completely different level than them as living creatures.
Being able to use psychic powers isn't that...
What?
Oh, well, I just thought you were going a bit overboard.
You're the only person who could make that argument.
That's why you're an eyesore!
Oh, I just realized why you hold such animosity toward me.
You don't like me because we're the same.
You're sort of like me, Hanazawa-kun...
Not the fact that we both have psychic powers,
but the fact that you have no confidence in yourself, just like me.
If you take away your psychic powers, there'll be nothing left.
You'll be empty.
You're scared of that realization.
No friends, and no standing out.
Just another average loser who won't leave a mark.
That's me.
Deep down, you're the same as me.
You just don't want to admit that you're nothing without your psychic powers
No!
Quit dreaming! The two of us are completely different!
We're the same.
From my perspective, you're totally average.
Shut up!
He's not using his powers...
What am I doing? How did this happen?
Damn it, it's you! This is all your fault!
Everything was perfect.
Teru-kun, you got another perfect score?
As long as I used my powers,
everything went exactly how I wanted it to go.
What was that shot? That was amazing!
We're sorry! Please forgive us!
And yet, you took my world...
U-Um... I made some cookies, if you'd like some.
You... Your existence...
destroyed that!
Damn it!
Use them! Use your psychic powers!
No...
I can't use them...
against people!
Is he coming?!
What the heck was that?
Just how much are you going to keep rejecting me?
Hey, Kageyama. Didn't you say that you started working out?
That means that no matter how hard you try, that's all you've got.
People can't change that easily.
Just give it up. Use your psychic powers.
Otherwise, I'm going to...
Give it back!
Give us back our New Year's money!
Don't get so cocky, brat. I'll kill you.
Ritsu!
You stay out of this!
Nii-san!
Nii-sa...
It hurts, Nii-san...
I'm going to change.
I won't use them.
I'm going to change.
Huh? Hey, Kageyama?
Hey... Hey! Wake up!
Wait! Don't leave me behind!
Kageyama...
Kageyama Shigeo and Hanazawa Teruki.
The battle between these two espers never reached its conclusion.
As a result of rejecting each other's ideals,
there was no victor,
and they were only left with a feeling of emptiness deep in their hearts.
Or so it seemed...
What... is that?
Do you finally feel like fighting?
Good! In the end, you couldn't stay true to your ideals, either!
Bring it! Ultimate Barrier!
You used them! Kageyama!
You finally couldn't stand it anymore and used your psychic powers!
You used them against another person!
Huh?
Is he unconscious? Then what the hell is this power?
What...
My powers are being sucked in by Kageyama...
No, that's not all... All of the energy in the atmosphere...
Are you telling me his vessel is able to handle this much?
Teru sensed in there something that must never be touched.
Something incomparable, its identity unknown.
You're kidding... What in the world did I awaken?
That's enough! I'm sorry!
I won't use my psychic powers against other people!
Oh, I guess...
I'm actually just an average person...
It didn't take long for Mob to realize.
He failed to change.
He caused another accident because of his psychic powers.
He didn't know where to direct his emotions.
He was overwhelmed, his powerlessness born from contradictions.
The feeling that he would never be able to conquer himself...
Sadness.
This was Mob's meager attempt at resistance towards himself.
Hanazawa-kun, um...
I'm sorry about your clothes an
W-Wait! Kageyama, I'm...
Ow... What happened with the fight?
It's Teru-san! He's right over there.
Huh? What the hell?
He's been brutally executed!
I-I'm not gonna let that happen to my hair!
Those guys...
You just saw it, Kageyama. It's just as you said...
If you take away our psychic powers...
Kageyama-kun!
Ah, guys...
Hey, Kageyama, are you hurt?
I'm fine.
All right, then, good.
We're gonna go back and do more squats!
There's nothing I can even say.
I completely lost.
Under Construction
Mob searched for about three hours, but he couldn't find Dimple.
I'm home.
Nii-san?
Thanks.
You're home late today. Do you want to eat?
Nah. I'm gonna head to bed.
You seem down. Did something happen?
If you need to talk, I'll be happy to listen. Good night.
Ritsu.
I'm sorry about that one time.
That one time?
You mean when you got carsick and threw up into the hood of my jacket?
No... Well, I'm sorry about that, too.
I really can't remember what happened
with that accident involving my psychic powers.
What... did I do to you back then?
Oh, you mean when those high school kids picked a fight with us.
You didn't do anything to me, Nii-san.
One of the punks kicked me away, and I got hurt.
But you protected me, Nii-san.
You should get over it already. Good night.
Today, after 5 PM, countless people have reported seeing
a supernatural phenomenon in the stormy skies above Seasoning City.
(An ochimusha) was flying!
Among the rubble,
there were also reports of what looked like a person flying up into the air,
but we have not been able to confirm any victims or their well-being.
Back then...
Ritsu!
You stay out of this!
Nii-san!
A Supernatural Phenomenon in the Skies Above Seasoning City!?
Footage Submitted by a Viewer
The theory that this was man-made is gaining traction.
That wasn't Nii-san.
I have no appetite.
He caught a cold.
His overwhelming desire for psychic powers makes Ritsu-kun stray from the right path.
Having no idea that was happening, Mob goes on a carefree date with Tome.
Hey, now, Mob. This isn't the time for that!
Discord To Become One
Discord To Become One
First-press limited edition? That is the absolute best decision.
