There, it's dealt with.
I don't know what it is you hear,
but I don't believe a word an Another says.
Or anything you say.
But still, I...
You want to solve problems with the Anothers by talking?
Very well.
You can deal with a case I'm working on.
Let's have you solve it with those Ears of yours.
It involves something at the Olympic Stadium.
10 White Cocoons and Blue Flames
Miyako-san?
Aida-san?
Thank you...
Ryo woke up, thanks to you.
Thank you so much.
N-No, actually...
You kept your promise, didn't you?
Ryo, you thank him, too.
Thank you!
I heard you solved Aida-san's problem.
Senda-san...
That's great.
Yeah, I guess...
If you want to talk, we can.
I see.
The elites at City Hall can be pretty brutal.
I can't say for sure that Kanoichi-san is wrong, but...
I can't accept it.
Yeah, just stomping on him was brutal.
Same with viewing Anothers as just things to be killed or spared.
What do you think, Sakaki-kun?
Kanoichi Satoru's way of handling it aside,
it was the best option in terms of making sure there were no more casualties.
Don't get the wrong idea.
I'm not saying the way you do things is wrong.
I was worried when I saw you were sympathetic to Azazel, though.
Your Ears seem to make you way too sympathetic to Anothers.
When that works out, great.
But some day, it might not.
I want you to realize that the Ears of Sand aren't some kind of all-powerful skill.
They have their downside.
If you keep that in mind when you use them,
we'll be there to be back you up.
So don't worry.
Theo-san.
You're such a great team.
You're very cute
I mean, very talented... workers.
As your boss, I'm very proud.
The elites at City Hall, huh?
From what Miyako-kun said, something seems dangerous about that guy.
Why?
Whenever someone gets arrogant, they always fail.
The details are as I wrote in my email.
Any questions?
Basically, there's an Another in the Stadium, right?
The construction work is falling behind, you said.
Is that because of the Another?
No, it's better to say it might fall behind.
What do you mean?
You'll know when we get there.
You're aware of why City Hall is getting involved, right?
It's the main event area for the Olympics.
Is this all... Anothers?
What is this?
It's like the end of the world.
There've been other small problems involving Anothers,
but never of this scale.
Normal people can't see this, right?
Of course not.
So they can come and go easily, and keep this up.
It's causing lots of accidents, though. Obviously.
We rushed here immediately.
But it was too late.
We realized the mistake we'd made...
There aren't many Anothers in this area to serve as predators.
So it was the perfect place to lay eggs.
We tried removing them little by little.
But the next day we came back and there were more.
We got nowhere.
But if you can use your Ears of Sand to talk to the Another,
it would help us a lot.
We'd save money on our budget, after all.
What Anothers are these?
Actually, is there anything even inside these?
We cracked one open to check.
It appeared to be some kind of insect Another.
Insect?
So these are cocoons?
Now, Miyako-san, use your Ears of Sand.
W-Wait, Miyako-san! It's dangerous to go alone!
Wh-What cocoons are these?
I don't know.
You don't hear any voices?
No, not yet.
Wait a second.
I hear something.
Th-That's...
It's spitting something out.
It's spinning a thread...
There're bigger problems here than not being able to talk to it!
Well, Miyako-san?
Did you hear something? Did they say something?
The voice... of a baby.
I see.
They're just what they looked like, huh?
What about the parent Another?
We thought of that, but we have yet to see it.
So why don't you ask them?
I'd appreciate it, personally.
If we know the cause, we can remove it at the source.
And then this will never happen again.
Miyako-san?
You knew, didn't you?
You knew from the start, and yet...
You made me do this!
Well, then, we have to eliminate them.
If you can't do it, we'll have to burn them.
That's...
Any other ideas, then?
You're not going to tell me we should just leave them here, are you?
But after seeing them and hearing their voices...
Your ears seem to make you way too sympathetic to Anothers.
What is there to think about?
The answer is simple.
They're in humanity's territory. Some people have even gotten hurt.
If we want to get rid of them, we need to do it now.
If you know that and your Ears of Sand still can't help you...
You're just in the way.
Tomorrow, we'll all begin to handle this with members of City Hall
and the ward offices as planned.
But you're not required to attend.
Shimizu-san, I'd like to explain what we're doing tomorrow. Please remain here.
Miyako-san, tomorrow, please return to your regular office to work.
Thank you for coming today.
Feeling down, Arata?
Kohaku...
I was watching the whole time.
What a sight it was!
That's not something you see every day.
It's something unique to Japan.
Do you know what those cocoons are?
They're just what they look like.
I've seen humans doing similar things, a long time ago.
Anyway, the festival is about to begin.
What festival?
I'm jealous, though.
I could make myself the perfect thing with that stuff.
Maybe I'll ask for some.
Don't you think so, Arata?
I can understand your words, but still have no idea what you're saying.
Okay, bye!
I'll show you when it's done!
Look forward to it! Promise me you will!
As always, I have no idea what that was about.
I'm back, Yuki.
Yuki?
Where'd he run off to?
City Hall
Akane-san?
Imperial Gardens
Shinjuku Imperial Gardens
Was I just being naIve?
I guess this time it was a really bad matchup.
A humanoid bug-type that looks like a baby.
That's rough.
What would you do, Kyoichi?
If it were me, the first thing I'd do is try to move the cocoons.
What Kanoichi Satoru said would be my last option.
I should've snuck in and gotten a sample!
Didn't you get one?
Sorry, I didn't think of it!
That idiot Kanoichi...
If he chose to get rid of them, then he'd better have taken a sample.
Theo...
From the perspective of a scientist,
getting rid of all the Anothers is a bad move.
I heard you got in a fight with Miyako-san.
Shimizu-kun told me.
It wasn't a fight...
Then why did you take him off today's job?
Because we don't need him.
But...
Akane-san, you like to take his side, don't you?
Lately, I've started to understand how Suzu-sama feels.
Suzu?
The house god?
Of course, I don't know what she's saying.
So I have to guess from her facial expressions.
That's just your imagination.
Communication with Anothers is impossible.
Since Miyako-san came, I feel like I'm a little closer to Suzu-sama.
You can't trust him.
He's close to the Anothers.
He's like...
Uncle?
When I see how Miyako-san treats the Anothers,
I remember my uncle... your father.
He was Suzu-sama's friend, too...
This scar.
Do you keep it as a sign of your hatred toward the Kanoichi clan?
Anothers...
drive men mad.
So we should get rid of them as soon as we can.
But surely you understand...
what those cocoons are.
There's no other way.
I'm curious about what Huehuecoyotl said.
He said there'd be a festival soon, right?
Right.
Which means... Izumo, probably.
Izumo?
You've heard of Kaminashizuki, the godless month, right?
In Izumo, they call it Kamiarizuki, the month of gods.
Um, in October of the old Japanese calendar,
all the gods of Japan gather in Izumo and have a festival, right?
Yeah.
For that reason, in September of the old calendar,
the Anothers start to vanish.
They're probably getting ready to head to Izumo, or getting ready for the festival.
He said humans have been doing it, too.
Insects and cocoons...
Silkworms?
Yes.
They're probably harvesting silk.
Oh, this is...
Not good news.
If Huehuecoyotl was talking about the Izumo festival...
Then the Anothers are using cocoons to make silk.
Wait.
Kanoichi-san said he couldn't find the mother of the cocoon babies.
But even Kanoichi Satoru's operating on the assumption that she exists at all.
He opted for burning them because of the location.
He's probably getting pressure from above to solve this.
Even if the mother does show up, he may assume he can deal with them.
Even if they do, he'll be able to
No! If we're right, this is seriously bad news.
We can't burn them!
If they're for a festival of the gods,
they're not something humans should mess with!
We'll follow the plan we discussed yesterday.
Use the talismans I passed out to you...
As you can see, they generate purifying flames that only work on Anothers.
They don't work in a wide area,
so you're unfortunately going to have to put one on each cocoon.
Okay, let's get to work.
Hey, you can't do that!
I won't be able to make my clothes!
What an awful thing to do.
Shall I get rid of those humans for you?
Tch... I thought I could get her to owe me one.
Okay, we'll be done by morning at this rate.
I'm glad we were able to deal with this quickly.
It's fast when you've got a team this size.
Once this is done, can you help with the stands, Yamaoka?
They seem to be running behind...
Yamaoka?
Shit! It showed up!
Where is it?
Shimizu Chiyoda Ward Nocturnal Relations Division
Shimizu-san?
Hello?
Miyako-san?!
Wh-What do we do?!
What do we do?!
Calm down!
Everybody's wrapped up in cocoons...
She got all of them b-but me!
