The Second Dish
Episode 3
Shrimp, shrimp, shrimp!
Scallops, scallops, scallops!
The Director's taken up the brush!
Who is the victor?
Which one is it?!
The victor is Candidate Kurokiba Ryo!
Kurokiba Ryo
For Tadokoro's dish, the director didn't...
Yeah, he didn't go bare-chested.
Honored guests,
this completes today's program.
The third and fourth matches will be held tomorrow.
Have a safe trip home.
Let's go get Tadokoro.
Good idea.
Huh?
Yuki?
Megumi!
Huh?
Kurokiba-kun was really scary.
Yeah, I totally get it.
You were like a rabbit being hunted by a wild dog!
Well done, Tadokoro Megumi.
Hojo-san.
It was amazing!
I didn't think you'd get that far against Kurokiba!
Great match!
It wasn't just a fluke that you passed the prelims, huh?
Oh, um...
Good work today, judges.
Your cars are waiting for you.
That way, please.
Grandfather?
Is something wrong?
No... It's nothing.
I need to go to the washroom.
Hmm...
Tadokoro Megumi, was it?
It seems the girl possesses even greater power
that still lies dormant within her.
I went bare before I even realized it.
The 92nd class is indeed a generation of prodigies.
The Generation of Prodigies
Hayama-kun!
What are you doing out here?
Nothing much.
I just wanted to feel the night breeze.
Hey, Hayama-kun,
don't get too bent on winning this.
I'm already so proud of you for passing the prelims!
It's a great stage.
Just try to enjoy it, okay?
A smile like that's only going to get me even more determined to win.
I will reach the top, no matter what!
Bro, did you pack everything you need into the bag?
Oh, do you have the victory charm I gave you?
I do.
I bought this pillow yesterday that's supposed to give you a good night's rest.
Let's do some aromatherapy to help you relax, too!
Calm down, Isami.
I'm gonna pray that you'll be able to give it all you've got tomorrow.
Don't worry, little brother.
I've been honing my skills
so that I can face off with Yukihira again in the main tournament.
Just watch, Isami.
Our Italian cooking will not be defeated!
Please watch me, Erina-sama.
I will be sure to return to you with a win.
You're a good girl, Hisako.
I have high expectations.
For Jun...
For Isami...
For Erina-sama...
I have to win!
We're now on Day 2 of the Autumn Elections Main Tournament.
This day will determine the final four to proceed to the semi-finals!
I wonder what heated battles we'll see today!
Soma-kun's late.
Oh, c'mon!
He should be seeing this to prepare for his next match!
I couldn't get him to wake up.
Maybe I should've just dragged him here.
He pretty much pulled an all-nighter the night before.
But I heard he's at least left the dorm, so I think he'll make it.
Hey.
We meet again, Yukihira Soma.
Oh, you're the guy from the prelims.
93 points!
Block A Ranking Hayama Akira Yukihira Soma Kurokiba Ryo Marui Zenji Ibusaki Shun
Candidate Yukihira scored 93 points!
He's now in second place!
Oh, sorry, transfer student.
I didn't see you.
There's no need to glare like that, Yukihira Soma.
I'm just thinkin' we can go to the tournament hall together, that's all.
Huh?
Yeah, sure, whatever.
Okay, hang on a sec.
This bike reeks of testosterone.
He pretty much screams punk.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Yeah, no kidding.
I didn't think you'd be tying the cover down with rope.
It's more than justified.
I've registered the bike, of course,
and I've subscribed to a GPS tracking service,
so even if it gets stolen, I'll find it right away.
Why're you trying to intimidate me about all that?
Right down to the last detail, is my creed when it comes to cooking,
and anything else, really.
Huh...
For all his bulk, he's a more sensitive guy than I'd have made him out to be.
I haven't told you my name yet, have I?
I'm Mimasaka Subaru. Remember that.
Mimasaka
The eighth main tournament contestant.
That's a really pretty-looking name!
Mimasaka Subaru
Right?
And this embroidery was...
No way!
Wow!
The third match is now about to begin!
This match's theme involves an enviable dish from America
that has evolved beyond the realm of fast food!
It's the hamburger!
The canonical hamburger involves sandwiching a cooked hamburger patty between two buns.
Candidates are free to choose any ingredients and buns they'd like!
Now, let's have the candidates come in!
It's already starting!
Yukihira!
O-Okay, I'll go look for him outside.
Hey, relay this message to your mistress.
The member of the next generation she'll concede her Elite Ten seat to will be me,
and I'll take the top spot at Totsuki from her, too.
You would do well to stop that nonsense from here on out.
I am the one who will succeed Erina-sama and join the Elite Ten.
Candidate Hayama Akira ended the Block A prelims in first place
by manipulating numerous spices to his advantage!
His opponent is Candidate Arato Hisako,
who passed the Block B prelims in second place
after receiving high praise for her medicinal curry!
A match between a master of spices and a master of medicinal plants...
Their specialties aren't the same, but they follow a similar theme.
It's like a match between leaves, or something.
Let the cooking begin!
That's... a kebab!
Hayama decided to go with doner kebab!
Turkish food, huh?
Right.
Doner means to turn, and kebab means to grill.
By rotating the meat as it's slowly heated,
its melting fat melds with the spices!
Man, smell that great fat!
It looks super tasty!
What's going on with Miss Secretary?
What's with that bucket?
It's moving!
Huh? It's a...
It's a suppon, a Chinese soft-shelled turtle!
So Miss Secretary's going to make...
Suppon preparation involves a four-part butchering technique.
You flip the suppon on its back, and then, when it sticks its neck out,
you strike.
She didn't hesitate at all!
She's pouring something on the body after the bloodletting.
Is that sake?
It prevents the blood from coagulating.
I bet she's going to use the blood in her hamburger patties!
Suppon guts are gross!
Such firm resolve despite being covered in fresh blood...
Hisako-oneesama, you're so wonderful!
Along with medicinal plant ingredients such as schisandra fruit and kinshinsai,
I see ginger and Shaoxing wine.
Hmm.
She intends to make rich stock by simmering even the shell.
Hurry up, Soma-kun!
Hayama-kun and Arato-san are already cooking!
Sorry, sorry.
And who's this Arato?
She is Nakiri-san's secretary!
Oh, Miss Secretary.
C'mon! Where've you been, anyway?
Oh, I ran into a weird guy.
Yukihira Soma.
Family runs a diner.
Draws on a rich imagination springing from that experience in his cooking.
Yukihira Diner
Has strong pride in his family diner's name.
Yukihira Diner
Cooked char o-kakiage and souffle omelet at camp.
Height, 171 centimeters; weight, 57 kilograms.
Blood type, B; shoe size, 26.5 centimeters.
Slept an average of six hours and 14 minutes this past month.
In junior high, he was in classes 1-5, 2-2, and 3-7.
Down to the last detail...
Takumi Aldini...
Heir to a trattoria in Toscana.
Father is Japanese; mother is Italian.
Height, 168 centimeters; weight, 54 kilograms.
Blood type, A.
Sees Yukihira Soma as his arch-rival.
Lives alone with his younger brother, Isami.
Calls home twice a month.
Has a fan club in Totsuki Academy.
Has a fear of heights.
Interested in Japanese food samples.
Sets two alarms before going to sleep.
Has a mole on his left shoulder.
Prefers showers to baths.
Bad at card games.
Underwear tends to have a checked pattern.
And, what he values most is...
U-Um, since our current location is here...
I'm so sorry, Soma-kun! It's my fault!
No prob.
What, did you get lost?
What?
Just watch in my standby room, then.
It's right there.
Yukihira?
Tadokoro-san, too?
Candidate Mimasaka Subaru Standby Room
Jeez...
Why do I have to be here, too?
Well, why not?
Aren't you done checking your ingredients?
Choose any sweet you want with your tea.
Oh, you don't need to play the host!
What are your thoughts on this fight, Yukihira?
Oh, I don't know.
I've never seen Miss Secretary's cooking, either.
What do you think, Tadokoro?
U-Um... Arato-san specializes in cooking with medicinal plants.
I'm not sure they'd pair well with hamburgers.
It looks like Arato Hisako will finish first.
She's kneading chopped suppon meat and innards with ground pork.
She seasoned the meat with salt and pepper.
She used pork caul, the mesh of fat enveloping pork organs,
to wrap the patty and keep it from disintegrating while it grills.
Hisako!
Look, Hisako!
The cherry blossoms are so beautiful!
She who possesses the God Tongue.
My wish is to serve her at her side.
To walk close to her, following her a few steps behind.
To make that wish come true,
I will survive this match and win!
I present to you a dish that will shake your instincts to the very core!
It is the Suppon Burger!
Now then, will the judges' reactions be night or day?
The faint sweetness and pronounced elasticity that steamed buns are known for!
All the downy hairs on my body are standing on end!
I feel like my body...
Whoa!
Look at their glow, despite their age!
Is that the power of suppon?
A meltingly tender, meaty hamburger patty...
It's overflowing with the suppon's umami!
The sauce is thickened suppon stock.
The sauce coats the hamburger patty and creates a rich flavor!
The fresh blood I added to the hamburger patty warms you up from the inside.
I also mixed dobekkou powder into the hamburger patty.
Dobekkou is dried suppon shell.
It is used to improve vigor in traditional Chinese medicine.
So both the sauce and the hamburger patty contain suppon.
No wonder the judges look so satisfied.
Nay!
The truth of this dish can only be understood by those who have tasted it.
The answer lies in the gelatin from the supponits viscosity.
You are exactly right.
Viscosity has a great impact on a dish's perceived richness.
And this hamburger patty contains a lot of gelatin that has seeped into the stock.
Of all the parts of the body, the soft palate
the inner part of the upper jaw is most sensitive to physical stimuli.
The viscous hamburger patty and sauce is providing a sensuous stimulus.
In other words, this dish not only speaks to one's sense of taste,
but also to one's sense of touch.
It's as though the suppon's seductive greatness is bearing down upon me!
Roar!
It's deliciousness... is monstrous!
I was in rapture without intending to.
W-W-W-Wow!
I'm so amazed she was able to leverage medicinal herbs to this degree!
Yeah...
If I ever face her, the depth and scope of her knowledge will pose quite a threat.
But the victor of this match will be Hayama Akira.
Eh?
What's going on?
The audience's mood shifted the moment Hayama began cooking his hamburger patties!
It's not just about what happens in the mouth.
That's not all there is to the world of taste.
It's done!
We'll now have Candidate Hayama Akira's hamburger!
The overpowering scent of meat is flooding the arena!
Wow! Amazing!
There's piping hot kebab meat on top of the thick hamburger patty!
Now... Quickly!
All the judges have turned into ravenous dogs!
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
What's your play, Hayama Akira?!
That dish cannot possibly avoid being heavy and overbearing.
No matter how he may try to lure people in with fragrance,
if the actual flavors are crude...
I couldn't stop myself!
I've already finished mine!
What?
You chose to use pita bread as the hamburger bun, I see.
Pita bread...
It's a Middle Eastern bread which is baked at high temperatures,
resulting in a hollow pocket that is then stuffed with ingredients.
Homemade yogurt sauce was used to remove the gamey flavor of the kebab,
and to enhance the flavor of spices.
The hamburger patty itself is kofte,
a Turkish burger made from a combination of lamb and beef with plenty of spices.
It's very pungent!
What is going on?
How can such a heavy hamburger patty be...
Allow me to teach you.
There are four components a hamburger must have.
Buns, hamburger patty, sauce, and pickles.
The pickles' pungent smell and acidity
are what enhances the meat's umami.
Pickles are the hidden star ingredient.
You seem to have substituted finely-julienned ginger for pickles,
but if you were to ask me,
I'd say that was a weak move.
What?
Then what did you do?
What I chose to act as pickles is achaar!
Achaar: a preserved condiment with strong acidity
made by brining vegetables and fruit in mustard oil...
This achaar was made with onions.
The mustard oil's pungent odor enhances the hamburger patty's umami.
The acidity is provided primarily by amchoor,
a spice made from dried, unripened mangoes.
I also used lemon juice for added acidity.
For fragrance, garlic,
chili pepper, clove, cumin seed, black pepper, and paprika powder.
I used honey for sweetness.
There's some ginger, as well.
He used his rare sense of smell
to build the pickles' fragrance with a delicate touch.
He flipped the heavy fat and gamey lamb flavors
into something you can't get enough of!
He made the human instinct for food explode!
His talent is not limited to curries and spices alone.
Hayama Akira, you have the potential to reach the God Tongue!
The winner of this match is clear!
What I aim to achieve is the number one spot.
No one who's desperate to stay number two
can hope to win against me.
What?!
Everything about you, from your goals
to your cooking... is too small.
I don't want to admit it.
But it's true that when I smelled his cooking...
HA
YAMA
KI
RA
Hayama Akira
The third match's victor is Hayama Akira!
Hisako...
I am sorry.
Excuse me.
It's almost time for the fourth match.
Those who are not candidates will need to go back to the seating for the audience.
Oh, right.
I'm sorry, Eizan-senpai!
Yukihira.
I swear I'll settle the score
from our match on the first day of camp during the Autumn Elections!
You're talking about the match that Inui-senpai brilliantly declared a draw, right?
Dash
That brings back memories!
I-In any case, I'll beat you for sure!
Eventually, I'll challenge you to a Shokugeki.
And that's when I will crush you!
There's someone my age who's this good.
If I'd stayed holed up in Yukihira,
I never would've known about him...
You're right, Takumi.
So don't lose no matter what, okay?
Let's see once and for all who's gonna do the crushing, yeah?
Yeah!
Sure!
Of course, Yukihira!
Still, I'm surprised Mimasaka-kun could say with such conviction
that Hayama-kun would win, even after seeing Arato-san's amazing dish...
He's exceptionally talented.
For Mimasaka Subaru, Totsuki is a perfect playground.
Candidate Takumi Aldini Standby Room
Hey.
Hands off my tools.
I know you've been sniffing around me for the last few days about me.
Tell me what that's all about.
Do you really like these worn-out tools that much?
I bet you can only make crap using them.
Is that meant to provoke me?
I see right through you.
There's something I wanted to ask you.
It's about your little brother.
His cooking instincts have always been rather lacking since he was little.
It's clear that he is a second-rate chef.
Trailing his older brother is about the best he can manage.
What's it like to have an incompetent brother?
You bastard!
Hey, Italian...
We're going to be facing off mano a mano, after all.
We should try to enjoy it the best we can,
Takumi Aldini.
AV Room In Use
Urara-chan, we have an emergency!
What's the matter, Yua-chan?
I just got a message, and...
We... We have an announcement for our honored guests.
The next match between Candidate Mimasaka Subaru and Candidate Takumi Aldini
will be a Shokugeki!
A Shokugeki!
The Second Dish
Next Episode: The Pursuer
Next episode: The Pursuer.
