Yes, I'm on my way.
Yes, it'll be fine.
Right, later.
Congratulations on your marriage!
Let me through! I said, let me through!
Jeez!
Why do I have to deliver the students' congratulatory speech?
I never thought I'd have the pleasure of seeing you off the battlefield.
And here I thought nothing could ever surprise me again, but these are chaotic times.
The groom Sir Alexis Deux, and bride Marrine Kreische.
Entering!
The union between these youths symbolizes the end of the longstanding war
between the Alliance and the Federation.
The unification of our family Crests
will result in the creation of the Grancrest, the Emperor's Holy Seal.
And after being ravaged by endless chaos, Atlatan will know peace at last.
No way... Chaos Convergence?
You're in danger. Please step back!
- Who are you? - What's going on?
I'll explain later.
Stop right there.
Let me go! I must disperse the Chaos!
N-No good...
What is that demon?
The Demon Lord of Diabolos.
I must help the archdukes!
It's too late.
The Demon Lord has raised a dimensional barrier.
Erupt!
Why has the Demon Lord appeared?
Can nothing be done?
Bow down before my Crest!
That's Archduke Kreische's Crest!
Such a massive, complex glow!
I will assist you!
Could that be...
The Emperor's Holy Seal, the Grancrest?
That should be enough to...
Father!
That was the Grand Hall Tragedy.
In the magical city of Aram, on the Atlatan Continent,
split in two by the Factory Federation and the Fantasy Alliance,
the union of the two archdukes families was broken by this incident.
The dream for peace was shattered,
and the flames of war rose once again across the entire continent.
Don't you think it's about time you stopped sulking, Lady Siluca?
No way.
Why do I have to serve some lewd count?
He'll only sign contracts with female students from the magic university.
Plus he picks them based on their looks!
And don't get me started on this heinous uniform!
I know he's a big shot Alliance noble, but really!
I've half a mind to void this contract and go back to Aram!
But contracts between mage and master are absolute.
Don't remind me.
So that town was destroyed by the Chaos as well?
That's on their negligent Lord.
Still, you're an oddball, aren't you Irvin?
Being the Kreische family's chamberlain,
I didn't think you'd leave your post to serve a fledgling mage like me.
If I hadn't stopped you, Lady Siluca, I might've saved my master.
I left my post with the Kreische family to atone for that.
Lady Siluca.
You on the carriage, halt!
We know there's a mage riding in that carriage.
The one entering into a contract with Vilar, the Count of Artuk.
What do you want?
Our Lord is a member of the Federation.
Since the Count of Artuk is with the Alliance,
we can't allow mages under contract with him to pass.
Attacking a mage before her contract begins is a violation of the treaty.
If the contract is set, then she's considered our enemy!
I hear you loud and clear.
Lady Siluca...
If it's come to this, so be it.
You can have your way with me.
- So eager! - Oh, really?
Hold up!
Hey, who the hell are you?
Seriously, who the hell are you?
My name is Theo!
Have you no sense, attacking an innocent on the road?
A Crest?
That youth appears to be a Lord.
Yes.
But at that power level, he can't even call himself a Knight.
Are you a Lord from the Alliance?
I belong to neither the Alliance nor the Federation.
What should we do, Captain?
The opposition has both a mage and a Lord!
They say they can take on a hundred opponents, single-handedly.
Nothing but rumors!
I was promised a Crest from our Lord if we succeed here.
And once I have a Crest, even I'll have a shot at becoming a Lord!
Crests are for protecting the people from the Chaos!
If Crests didn't fall into the hands of ill-intentioned people like you,
there would be no meaningless wars!
Retreat at once!
If you refuse, I'll show you no mercy!
What did you say, brat?!
If he gets into trouble, help him out. I'd like to see what hes capable of.
Dammit!
He's just one man! Surround him!
You'll pay for this!
Well?
No one would accuse him of having good sword skills.
But, I wouldn't say that he doesn't have potential.
That so?
What do you have in mind, Lady Siluca?
Exactly what you're thinking yourself.
I'll ask you to refrain, but just as a formality.
But I've already made up my mind.
Are you all right?
Yeah, it's no concern.
Never mind that. Dont you have something to say to me?
Thank you for saving me from such peril! Something like that?
I have no intention of thanking you, since I wasn't in any danger.
There was no need to rescue me.
Is that your way of saying I butted in?
That's right.
I'm Siluca Meletes, a mage.
That man is Irvin, a demon seal holder.
Who did you receive your Crest from?
Receive?
No, this is something I made to exterminate demons.
You made a Crest from the Chaos Core?
And what kind of world do you wish to create with that Crest?
World?
Systina, where I was born, has a high concentration of Chaos.
Demons run rampant there. And there are frequent natural disasters.
Plus, scores of my people suffer under the tyranny of the Alliance's Viscount Rossini.
When I receive my title, I'm going to head home and become a Lord.
I want to suppress the Chaos with my Crest, repulse the demons and prevent disasters.
Those are fine intentions you have.
But at your rank, you couldn't rule over a single town, let alone Systina.
I'm aware!
You could always pledge fealty to Rossini, and have him make you a Lord.
I don't wish to serve a man like that!
So you're giving up your dream?
I can't do that!
I'm going to raise my rank by enhancing my own powers!
No matter how many years it takes!
That so?
In that case, I'll give you a hand.
This world is rife with Chaos.
Order has been lost, and the laws of nature have been disrupted.
Hence why we see impossible phenomena.
One of them being the emergence of demons from another world.
Which cast a shadow... Over this world.
Converge! From Tartarus into Orthros!
What are you doing?
A Crest's potency is determined by the amount of Chaos it contains.
If you defeat this and absorb its Chaos Core, you can attain the rank of Knight!
If I die, I'm going to haunt you!
I wouldn't have it any other way!
Impressive!
I-I was sure my number was up...
You better hurry, or the Chaos Core will disperse.
Seriously...
Congratulations!
Your Crest has reached the rank of Knight! You can enter into a contract with one mage.
Can I do that with someone other than you?
I am already committed to a contract.
To think that you still want me...
No, I never said that, did I?
I, Siluca Meletes...
You're the one forcing yourself on me, right?
Just give yourself to fate!
Well, I guess I don't mind.
Now then, shall we set off?
Where?
To war!
Lord Mesto, just what were you thinking?
Attacking a mage before her contract goes into effect is a major violation of our treaty.
If you're charged, they could strip you of your rank.
Why should Lords like us be stifled by the damn Mages' Association's rules?
At any rate, you need to consult Viscount Shakes, the leader of Clovis
All you need to do is follow my orders.
As you wish.
B-Bad news!
What's wrong?
A Lord named Theo is demanding that you hand over your Crest and castle!
Where the hell is this Lord from? How many men are we up against?
Three, sir!
Only three?
Who does he think he's dealing with?
Does he really think he can seize this castle with just three people?
Oh, thats enough.
Who are you?
My name is Siluca Meletes.
Siluca?
I've heard of you.
That you were sure to master every subject, and become a Rainbow Mage.
Sorry to disappoint you. I graduated with six colors.
So you're the mage entering into a contract with the Count of Artuk?
Yes.
However, I'm now under contract to Sir Theo here.
Are you certain? A mage who unilaterally voids a contract
will be penalized accordingly.
I believe this is destiny.
Hey, what are you doing, Sartorus?
I order you in the name of my Crest.
- Hurry and deal with these - Silence!
You've violated the treaty.
Meaning you'll be stripped of your rank and everything else.
And your contract with me is now void. I have no reason to follow your orders!
W-What did you say?
Now that it's come to this, it's time to surrender your Crest,
and leave this land without further delay.
Dammit!
This is all because you passed through my domain!
Thank you very much.
Why you...
Your Crest or your life, which will you choose?
A-Anything but my life... Please spare me!
In that case, relinquish your Crest to my Lord.
I, Mesto Meadrich, offer my Crest to you as your own.
Please hold out your Crest, Sir Theo.
Repeat after me.
I, Theo...
I, Theo...
Accept thy Crest...
Accept thy Crest...
And now, please lay your own Crest against Mesto's.
Somehow, he seems pitiful, doesn't he?
The people living under such a foolish Lord should be pitied.
Even if you hadn't seized it, a Lord like that would've lost his Crest eventually.
Also, this means that along with his Crest, you've inherited that Lord's domain.
But whether the other Lords in this area will recognize that...
Allow me to go speak with Viscount Shakes.
That is, if Sir Theo will agree to enter a contract with me.
Then I shall set off to negotiate immediately.
There's no need for that.
Because Sir Theo is going to announce that hes joining the Alliance.
What's that?
But if he does, hell be surrounded by enemies!
That's precisely what our Lord desires.
What exactly are you planning to make me do?
Didn't I tell you before?
That I was going to help you realize the world you've envisioned.
I think I could end up dead before I ever realize my dream.
You'll be fine!
Because you'll have me by your side.
CONTRACT
EPISODE 2: AMBITION
