The Third Plate
Seven
A speech broadcast?
Yeah, I hear Nakiri Azami's doing that today.
It's going to be broadcast live throughout campus.
Huh.
I have to say, running away from home
is a pretty drastic move on Nakiri Erina-san's part.
But is it going to work out?
If they figure out that Polar Star Dormitory is hiding her...
Well, I dunno.
For now, Arato's coming here every day to drop off stuff like changes of clothes,
and the other Nakiri and Kurokiba come visit sometimes,
but it doesn't look like they've figured it out.
That sure sounds like they've figured it all out!
I-I'm reporting live!
New Director Nakiri Azami Inaugural Speech
The new director, Nakiri Azami, has arrived!
New Director Nakiri Azami Inaugural Speech
Greetings, students.
I am Nakiri Azami.
New Director Nakiri Azami Inaugural Speech
Greetings, students.
I am Nakiri Azami.
So this is Erina-cchi's...
The Crumbling Academy
Yeah, her shithead father!
He was a former Elite Ten member, too.
I will now speak with you
about the revolution I have planned to achieve my ideal vision for Totsuki Academy.
First, with regard to our culinary courses,
research groups, research societies, and clubs,
all such autonomous entities will be disbanded.
What?!
Disbanded?!
They will all cease to exist with no exceptions.
What?!
Wh-Wh-What is going on?!
Second, I will establish a new entity on campus.
With the director and the Elite Ten Council as its leaders,
and my handpicked students as its members,
it will be an organization of elites that pursue a new vision of gourmet dining.
It will be a divine world where all gourmet dining will be shared.
Its name shall be Central.
Central...
All of your cooking will be determined by Central members.
You will no longer have to create your own dishes.
It is most unfortunate, but anyone who disobeys
this edict will have to leave the academy.
That's ridiculous!
Who'd go along with something like this?!
It makes no sense!
Think about it.
There is far greater injustice in the existing system.
With meritocracy as an excuse,
those who fail are cast aside
despite the fact that different individuals will learn at different speeds.
Don't you find that barbaric?
All culinary classes will become a means of conveying Central's teachings.
All students will benefit equally from them.
By that, I mean the skills, ideas, and recipes worthy of the Elite Ten
will eventually be acquired by all of you here.
Cooking worthy of the Elite Ten...
What I propose is a world where unnecessary conflict will no longer be necessary.
No more unnecessary expulsions!
No more unnecessary selections!
No more unnecessary competitions!
You will all be free of them.
Listen, you are not cannon fodder.
You are an important force who will build Totsuki's future.
Work with me to advance this nation's gourmet dining.
This is preposterous!
Kabutoyama Tetsuji Chief of Skewer Research Society
We cannot condone such tyranny!
B-But it'd mean we can get a small piece of what the Elite Ten's got.
Won't that definitely benefit us later on?
What're you saying?!
We must not bend the knee!
You are Kabutoyama Tetsuji, the chief of Skewer Research Society, are you not?
We have a message from Central.
Regional Cooking Research Society
From this day forth, the Regional Cooking Research Society has been disbanded.
Vacate these premises.
Don RS
Y-You bastards!
Get the hell out if you don't want to get beaten up!
This matter has already been decided.
Professor Miyazato, it would be preferred if you consider this matter nonnegotiable.
Oh, no!
Professor, is Miyazato Research Group really shutting down?
Polar Star Dormitory the academy's sole housing facility.
Polar Star Dormitory
It has always been self-sufficient.
There is no doubt that it is also subject to the purge.
This dormitory will be shut down.
There is no need for it at Totsuki.
No need?!
Shut Polar Star Dormitory down?
The buildings and the property will be confiscated by Central.
That basically means none of this will be yours any longer.
No way in hell!
Assholes!
What, what?
Wanna fight?
Huh, huh?
Y-Y-Y-Yuki-chan!
Hey, where's Isshiki-senpai?
You can't face them alone.
If there's an Elite Ten member here,
the academy shouldn't be able to just run over us
Well, he hasn't been back here for a while.
Could Miyazato Research Group also have been...
Well, it's a shame to just stand around talking like this.
Have some tea before you go, won't you?
Have?
Some?
Tea?
Before?
You?
Go?
Won't you?
So why does this dorm gotta get shut down, too?
I've heard we're basically like our own little country.
Does the academy have any right to interfere with us?
That's the reason right there.
It's highly problematic to have autonomous bodies other than Central at the academy.
There only needs to be one decision-making entity.
Hence our decision.
These documents specify the timeline for vacating the premises.
Anyway, don't worry.
As long as you toe the line,
you can keep attending as students here.
Can I ask you something?
The decision to shut the dorm down...
Isn't it still reversible?
Through a Shokugeki, that is.
Soma-kun...
You're right.
If you initiate and win a Shokugeki,
you can overturn any decision.
However, that's if the opponent accepts the challenge.
I have zero obligation to accept a Shokugeki challenge.
And yet I'm getting flooded by challenges from almost every organization
to put a stop to their disbandment.
What a piece of work.
I could just ignore them and they'd all shut down on their own.
But in consideration of their feelings,
I decided to accept their challenge.
Huh.
You're being real generous,
accepting challenges you don't have to.
The opponents will have to take on a significant risk, too.
Well, it'll serve as a good warning to the others.
I already have one scheduled today.
If seeing the results won't discourage you from challenging me,
you can challenge me all you want, Yukihira.
Shokugeki
Topic Cutlass Fish
Eizan, I won't let you shut down Skewer RS!
The topic is cutlass fish
Yeah, I know.
We must grill the ingredient on a
skewer at some point in the process.
Right?
If you lose, you'll be expelled.
No objections?
Very well.
I'll show you the full scope of the skills I've been honing until this day
Stop talking already.
I'll crush the best dish you've got!
Just give it your all.
Then let the Shokugeki...
It's begun.
Don't lose, Skewer RS!
It's not over!
Yeah, it's not over yet!
As long as they win...
We're not gonna give up!
We still have...
Shokugeki
Eizan-senpai doesn't look focused on his cooking at all.
Something's off.
I doubt the other research societies and research groups will back down
even if Eizan-senpai wins this match by a huge margin.
Why'd Eizan-senpai say it'd be a good warning, then?
It's evaluation time!
Kabutoyama Tetsuji
Eizan Etsuya
Huh? What?
What the... Isn't that weird?
There seems to be a malfunction.
The scores are being displayed even though neither dish has been tried.
Eizan!
You... You can't have...
The judges?!
Too bad for you!
It's been decided!
Skewer RS will be disbanded!
Wait a second, Eizan!
You bought the judges?!
You can't be serious!
This Shokugeki can't be legitimate!
Who'd accept that?!
Farewell, Kabutoyama!
You are being expelled!
Impossible...
Totsuki is not what it used to be.
What the hell?! That's cheating!
So the judges are all in on it?
Even our last resort, the Shokugeki is now...
That Eizan's rotten to the core!
Even the judges have all turned on us.
They won't even judge us on taste.
If the match won't be fair, then...
The outcome is the same whether you have a Shokugeki or not.
Either way, Polar Star Dormitory is finished?!
N-N-N-No way!
Our home's gonna be shut down!
What should we do?
Nakiri-san will lose her hiding place, too!
Well, Yukihira?
How was that warning?
Shokugeki
The Shokugeki is dead.
Department Chief, are you all right?
Yes.
I'm just still shocked over yesterday's match.
Kageura Hisanao Shokugeki Administration Department Department Chief
Eizan Etsuya... How dare you buy out all the judges?
Hey, Department Chief.
E-Eizan!
What do you want?
Oh, I'm just here to confirm something.
I'd heard more than a hundred Shokugeki challenges had been submitted against me.
How are things now?
They were all... canceled!
For real?
That's really too bad.
I was fine accepting any challenge that came my way.
Kitchen 28
The recipe you'll master today
has been selected by Central.
This will be the new standard at Totsuki.
Bear it in mind.
Ibusaki Shun...
Use the oven to brisee the ingredients.
That's specified in the recipe we handed out, isn't it?
This is how I've always done it.
I don't know why I have to change it.
There's no need for you to make that decision.
The decisions by Central are absolute.
Redo it.
I see...
So even Regional Cuisine RS got the order to disband.
Yeah...
The Miyazato Research Group, too?
Yeah.
The other organizations have received notices, too.
Unfortunately, it's impossible to make them rescind the order.
The deadline for us to vacate the dorm is fast approaching, too.
Only ten days left.
Nakiri-san?
What's wrong?
You're sitting in the dark.
It's almost dinnertime, so come down to the dining hall
U-Um...
No, it's nothing.
Come on.
Dinner will get cold if we don't get there fast, yeah?
Are we really losing the dorm?
Sounds like it...
Man... I guess we can't do anything.
Dorm life feels long, but it's going to be over in a flash!
We've been together for so long, all of us.
Yeah. Thinking back, so much stuff happened.
Fumio-san's dormitory entrance exam!
I was so surprised at first.
It took me three months to get in here,
but Fumio-san let me stay in the storage shed.
Seriously?!
That's a shocker.
Megumi, you're tougher than you look in a lot of ways.
Then I guess Yukihira transferred in when we got to high school.
I'm gonna take the number one spot!
Looking forward to being with y'all for the next three years!
Man, everything brings back so many memories.
Seriously...
I guess we all got through that camp from hell, too.
Restaurant Tadokoro
I was so worried when Megumi had a shokugeki with Shinomiya-senpai.
What?
A Shokugeki?
I-It's nothing!
And summer break...
The Autumn Elections...
The 92nd Moon Festival
And the Moon Festival!
The Taro Stew Booth... We worked really hard!
Yukihira and Megumi's Chinese food stall!
We'd always cook each other food.
Yeah! We really did.
So much...
So much happened!
We'd never have enough time to talk about it all.
So much...
Yuki-chan?
I don't want this!
I don't want to lose Polar Star Dormitory!
I want to keep doing stuff with you guys!
I wanted to keep...
cooking more stuff with you guys!
Yuki...
What was Polar Star Dormitory like to you, Dad?
It was fun.
Everyone just worked on mastering their cooking in their way.
Huh?
Give me a break, Yukihira.
Don't be that stupid.
You still don't grasp the situation or what?
All the judges are on my side.
Forget about winning or losingthey won't even taste a single bite of your food.
It's a guaranteed expulsion the moment you climb into the ring, okay?
Despite all that, did you just say you're challenging me to a Shokugeki?
Yeah.
What, did your dorm buddies come crying to you for help?
I can get that you might want to play the good Samaritan,
but I wouldn't recommend it.
Bravery and recklessness are two different things, you know.
It's not for my dorm mates or anything.
What?
Me. It's for me.
The Polar Star Dorm is where I'm gonna master my cooking.
So I'm not gonna let you shut down my dorm.
Accept the challenge.
Department Chief!
What?!
A Shokugeki?!
I am going to challenge Eizan-senpai to a Shokugeki.
There's curry in the fridge for everyone, so heat it up in the microwave.
Signed, Yukihira Soma.
Yukihira-kun, what are you thinking?
He went alone so that he can keep us out of it?
What the hell?
We're all part of Polar Star Dormitory, aren't we?!
How could he just go off by himself?
If we don't do something, Soma-kun will get expelled!
Erina-sama!
Turn on the TV!
Switch to the campus channel!
Yukihira's...
There's a live broadcast.
Shokugeki Confirmed
I repeat, i-it's going to happen!
A Shokugeki is going to happen!
It appears Eizan Etsuya has accepted the challenge.
It's said the match will being presently.
The topic is Satsuma chicken from Kagoshima prefecture.
Waiting Room
It's known for having firm, flavorful flesh without excess fat.
Hey, are you even listening?
What're you doing?
Oh, just checking the ingredients.
Knowing you, I wouldn't put it past you to sabotage them somehow.
Heh, no matter.
Do whatever you want.
It's all pointless, anyway.
Eizan, hey!
What the?!
Why are you here, Rindo, you bitch?!
That's Rindo-senpai to you!
Shut up!
You can't just come barging in here!
Be civil!
Hey, Yukihira Soma.
You're being reckless as usual.
Thanks. It's been kind of a while, huh, Rindo-senpai.
Well, you know, it's been real hectic.
A lot of things changed at the academy thanks to Nakiri Azami's revolution,
so the Elite Ten are swamped with paperwork and administrative duties.
We've been working nonstop!
Huh.
Well, I gave all my work to Tsukasa.
Huh?
Huh?
Well, I'm going to go prep.
I'll borrow the back kitchen.
I didn't think anyone'd still issue a
Shokugeki challenge after seeing what happened yesterday.
Whoever it is must be quite the fool.
Let's just taste Eizan-dono's cooking and call it a day.
Do as you wish.
I'm counting on you all for today's evaluation.
Of course.
See you later.
Too bad, eh, Eizan?
What you were really trying to do with that example yesterday
was crush Yukihira Soma's spirit, right?
Instead, Yukihira is rising to the challenge.
Hmph.
Well, don't let it get to you.
It just means he's that tough.
Are the preparations complete?
Good, follow instructions.
Both opponents to your respective cooking counters!
What's that?
By the way, I neglected to mention
that my subordinates are headed to Polar Star Dormitory this second
Huh.
Did you need something there?
I'd informed you all that the deadline for vacating the dorm is ten days from now,
but the schedule got sped up just a tiny bit.
It's quite unfortunately, really.
But there's going to be an eviction at the Polar Star Dormitory.
We will be doing that today.
Now, on to the Shokugeki.
You have three hours to finish cooking.
By the time this match is over,
the dormitory will be empty.
All that will be waiting when you get back
are your friends' crestfallen faces.
Let's make this a good match, eh?
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode: The Alchemist
I hope you savor the next episode!
