It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode Five
The Statue of Illusion
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) The Statue of Illusion
I believe that war has brought the human race a number of benefits.
The development of civilization, the exchange of cultures,
House of Representatives Member Shimada Hakurou Rising Sun Call to Action Rally
and the development of science and technology.
Through the control of nuclear power, have we not acquired the privilege
of using air conditioners in the middle of the summer,
or watching late-night TV shows?
Thus, I pass on what happened that day.
And always will...
My supporters and I were the targets of a terrorist bombing.
Suzuki said...
If an explosion goes off here,
the glass will rain to the ground, causing a catastrophe.
So we'll move the explosives to another location.
Until mere days before, they were just ordinary students,
but they supported me and took part in the Rising Sun Party.
Without showing any hesitation,
they drove off with the truck that was loaded with explosives.
The outcome was just as reported.
I'm not here just to exhort you to praise the dead.
They did what should have been done.
But speaking of those three after the war brings
Are you making fun?
I just tried on a formal dress...
on a mood of hesitation that is definitely not approving.
Sasa Kazamori
Artificial Intelligence (R.A.I.)
Inga
Detective's Assistant
It's cute!
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
Komamori... You're a shameless pervert.
Even if the recent war was a detestable farce,
You're not pleased?
T-There's no reason for you to please me.
those three young men certainly performed a miracle.
Well, I know, but...
And that most definitely exists in each and every one of us.
Shimada Jirou
Actor, Son of Mr. Shimada
Thank you.
That was actor Shimada Jirou, the oldest son of Shimada Hakurou,
reading from his father's works.
Jirou-san has also been appointed honorary director of the memorial hall...
Don't let yourselves be fooled by Shimada Hakurou!
He's made back room deals with allied nations and lined his own pockets
Yamamoto Teishin
Former Bodyguard of Hakurou
with financial support collected on behalf of the dead youths!
Mr. Yamamoto! We appreciate you coming all the way out here!
Ootsubo Tetsuya
Member of the Rising Sun Party Hakurou's Bodyguard
What about Shimada?! Is he spouting that bullshit again?!
I'll never forget those three youngsters,
and one day, we'll bring about a miracle, too.
That's why the symbol of this memorial hall...
Shimada Hakurou
Leader of the Rising Sun Party
Souls...
I commissioned this statue
from a young friend of my son's, one much like those young men.
It was finally delivered late last night.
Um, excuse me...
Where's the bathroom?
The bathroom's over...
The Defeated Detective! Yuuki Shinjurou!
It seems you're challenging JJ Systems' Kaishou.
I commend you.
Rumor has it that you have some connection to
the young people who were the first victims in the war.
Oh? Are you the one who invited me here?
There's one thing I dislike.
What's this Defeated Detective?!
There is no defeat! This is merely a ceasefire!
I have to pee!
Wha...?!
Pardon me, but I'm about to wet myself.
Why are you angry?
You're a detective.
It's your duty to reveal the truth.
And yet, when it comes to yourself, you hide it like this?
All I want to expose are dirty lies.
Hirato Youko
Jirou's Friend, Sculptor
This is a fancy place to take a nap.
I was up working'til the middle of the night...
She created the statue and brought it here.
This is my good friend, Hirato Youko.
This is Detective Yuuki.
Oh. It was worth coming just to look at the statue.
The story is they willingly gave up their lives for someone else?
It wasn't as heroic as all that.
There had to have been at least one tear shed.
That's what I felt when I looked at it...
I apologize for my father back there.
To be honest, even though I'm his son, I admit he's too domineering.
As well as that bit about not losing the war...
Not to mention he's money-mad.
Youko!
That's the opinion of that yakuza Yamamoto, his former bodyguard.
He claims that the story of the three heroes is a sham,
Wipe Out the Allied Nations' Puppet Government
Patriotism Justice Victory
and that all the donated money was turned into gold bricks and hidden away.
Yamamoto is demanding the return of the money.
Gold bricks? That's low.
Even though he was just a member of the House until recently? I don't buy it!
Oh!
You used the dead to make a profit!
And, this...
Jirou, sir, don't!
Shinjurou!
Jirou, sir?
Ootsubo, what is this?!
Gomi
Former Member of the Rising Sun Party Works for Yamamoto
Mitsuhisa
Former Member of the Rising Sun Party Works for Yamamoto
They've been murdered... haven't they?
It seems that things have gotten interesting.
Because it involves Shimada Hakurou?
I couldn't care less about Mr. Shimada.
I'm talking about the Defeated Detective.
Both of the dead were former members of the Rising Sun Party.
Mitsuhisa! Gomi!
More recently, they'd joined Yamamoto Sadanobu's
opposing political organization.
How peculiar. Why were those two murdered and put inside the statue?
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
The Trojan Horse.
Why were they inside that thing?!
They were your men now! What are you plotting?!
Wait a moment! That statue has no real need for an access panel.
In other words, no one else but the creator knew that it could open and close.
Y-You killed those two?!
Is your side so weak that they got murdered by this mere girl?!
What's that, you bastard?!
How dare you insult my men?!
It wasn't Youko, Father!
I asked Youko to do it...
I told her to get those two into the statue
and smuggle them into the memorial hall.
You knew about it too, Mr. Yamamoto!
Apparently, under Yamamoto's order,
the two of them went to find the gold hidden somewhere in the memorial hall.
Oh, the rumored gold bricks.
I see. With a newly-built memorial hall, they could be hidden anywhere.
But why would Jirou help?
Shimada Jirou was repelled by the way his father used the young men,
who sacrificed their own lives, to publicize himself.
Gomi-san and Mitsuhisa-san both knew how I felt.
That's why they asked for my help in stealing the gold and making it public.
I asked Youko to sneak them in Trojan Horse-style.
Last night, the two of them got inside the statue at my studio,
and I transported it here like that.
The whole thing is my responsibility.
Jirou, you little shit... You took that business about the gold bricks seriously?!
Anyway, we'll be taking statements...
That's not the issue!
They say the victims were carried here with the statue.
And then what?
The question is, who killed the two of them?
The plan was for them to get out of the statue before sunrise
and look for the gold bricks.
But they were both murdered, and their bodies stuffed back into the statue.
Last night, Ootsubo and several others were at the memorial hall,
but they were at the security checkpoint in front of the gate,
so no one could have gone off on their own.
But there was one person remaining, Shimada Hakurou, right?
You're accusing me of killing Mitsuhisa and Gomi?!
You were here alone last night.
You discovered the two of them slipping out of the statue,
murdered them to protect the gold, and knowing there'd be a lot of trouble,
put their corpses back into the statue.
I don't believe it...
I believe he's capable of anything...
After all, you killed three young men without even blinking.
What does that mean?
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
It's a well known story.
During the time of that terrorism,
this man ordered those three to drive that truck away in no uncertain terms.
He did it to create a sense of obligation for the supporters who were right there,
but the truck blew up all too soon.
Bastard! Do you have proof?!
No.
Even if that terrorist bombing was a put-up job, there's no proof.
Are you implying that I used terrorism to murder Suzuki and the others?!
I can't say anything for certain.
But if you did this to protect the money you made
by setting them up as heroes...
If you killed for that, you will find no redemption.
Y-You again?!
She's like my boss.
You're in high spirits today.
I know that pointless deaths litter the battlefield.
There are no heroic tales.
And no heroes either...
People have no choice...
You must have been worried about whether those two would find the gold bricks.
I ask the question!
Shimada Jirou, last night you came back here, didn't you?
And what did you see?
Tell me...
You mean he was a witness to the two being murdered?!
We'll find out soon.
What...
I told Ootsubo and the others I was concerned about the statue...
But there was nothing out of the ordinary.
What did you see?
Father was...
Shimada Hakurou was...
I put a sleeping drug in Father's usual tea.
Enough so that he wouldn't wake'til morning.
The plan was to find the gold bricks before then...
You say he was sleeping?!
That's what I was going to explain!
That's why I couldn't have killed them!
It's the son's testimony. Perhaps he's trying to protect his father...
If we analyze the remains of the tea...
Humans can't lie when they answer Inga's question.
Shimada Hakurou didn't murder those two.
Then who did?!
Who killed them, Defeated Detective?!
I believe Yuuki Shinjurou just uncharacteristically jumped to a conclusion!
And on top of that, for him to decide someone is innocent based on testimony...
Still, now that it's come to this, who is the real killer?
What if I said it was friendly fire?
Huh?
The two victims killed each other.
They probably squabbled over their shares
and by the time of delivery to the memorial hall,
they had already breathed their last.
Inside the statue...
This way, Mr. Shimada doesn't get hurt, either.
This is how you want it?
Maybe after this, Mr. Shimada will settle down a bit.
That idiot!
Come on, Shinjurou!
Buy me ice cream! Ice cream!
A soul like that still leaves me hungry!
Shut up!
There are no tales of heroism on the battlefield.
That's why you think I killed them?
You were either threatening them... or you planned the whole thing.
Oh... Then let's assume that it was.
But they died... to save a great number of lives.
Other than that, what more is necessary?
Or perhaps they were terrified of death,
screamed the names of their sweethearts, and pissed their pants.
Still, did the driver take his foot off the gas pedal?
Everyone wants to live. Naturally.
And yet, in that instant, they chose to save all the people that were there.
If they wanted to escape, they could have...
But they didn't!
I believe that they acted without an ulterior motive.
From the bottom of my heart,
I wish to pass that down through the generations as a heroic tale.
Youngster, you don't know the true beauty of humanity.
Kaishou Rie
Daughter of Kaishou Rinroku, Lives at Home
According to my father, the murder was a result of friendly fire.
What do you think?
I'm sure it's just another lie!
Shimada Hakurou has pull in the military.
Father just wants to put him in his debt!
You're not going to do anything about it?!
You thought Mr. Shimada was the culprit from the beginning, didn't you?
You couldn't forgive him for being the kind of person who claims that
war is the right thing to do and giving up your life is wonderful.
But, you were wrong.
Yeah. That's right. From the get-go,
I couldn't picture anybody but him being the killer.
But afterwards I couldn't even think of one word to refute him.
Refute him?
To what he said about people being able to give up their lives for other people.
I didn't believe in stuff like that.
People live with things they don't talk about hidden in their heart.
I thought my job was to bring those things to light...
You really are the Defeated Detective, Yuuki Shinjurou.
I thought maybe it would be you
who could destroy the wall we all sense, but cannot see...
Well, don't count on me!
I know myself!
I'm a fool, and powerless, and... I can't do anything for anyone!
Shinjurou, what's wrong?
You're not gonna quit being a detective, are you?
After all, you're gonna let me eat lots of souls, right?!
Shinjurou...
It's odd, isn't it?
Humans really are peculiar.
Meaning that even with all the data in the world, you don't know?
You thought that Shimada's heroic legend was a made up fairy tale.
But it was the truth.
The essence is unchanged.
It's just something beautiful that's been sullied.
Why are you with Inga?
So he can feed me souls!
Inga!
Without having to kill anyone!
I heard about how you and Inga met.
I'm me!
It would seem that in exchange for Inga not murdering anyone,
you give him souls; people's truths.
But that obviously means having him haunt you.
So what?!
Isn't that giving up your own life for the sake of other people?
I'm not that noble...
In my mind, it's just about the same thing.
Shall I give you the percentage?
The real culprit?
Those two didn't kill each other?
It was actually quite simple.
As long as I wasn't looking at the illusion...
The real murderer's illusion is the idea
that those two snuck in so they could steal the gold bricks.
That's true.
Before the statue was transported, before they got inside of it,
they were already murdered.
You're the only one...
Why would I do something so heinous?!
Y-Yes, exactly!
She has no motive!
As I said, it's simple.
Her purpose was the gold bricks.
Oh, give me a break!
During yesterday's party, you were the only one in the building.
I was tired!
Even with all the ruckus outside, you didn't leave the building.
Even though bodies fell out of the statue that you created?
I didn't want to... be wrongly suspected!
From where you were lying, you could clearly see Shimada Hakurou's back.
My back?
Corpses from a statue.
A person with good sense would suspect robbery.
And so, it's only natural that you would look
straight at the place where something precious was hidden, right?
You kept an eye on Mr. Shimada to see which way he would face.
But he didn't move at all.
Youko...
You knew that the gold bricks hadn't been stolen yet...
I don't want any gold bricks!
I don't think that the three who died are any kind of heroes!
They were crying and screamed that they didn't want to die!
They were just ordinary kids!
That's why I helped with your plan!
That's the only reason!
I thought so, too.
That wasn't in the design.
I thought it was a message from the artist.
But...
It's human blood.
If the police check it out,
I'm sure they'll find it belongs to one of the victims.
If they'd murdered each other inside the statue,
there's no way there would be a splash of blood on the outside.
They were murdered outside of the statue, before it was transported.
The interior of the statue heats up in the daytime.
And so, figuring out the exact time of death would be impossible.
The tear that I saw was also an illusion.
What should we do?
I'll leave it to you.
But I can't afford to let Mr. Shimada come off unscathed now.
To be fooled by a beautiful woman... Some detective he is!
I suppose I owe you my thanks.
I just came here to sully something that was beautiful.
Are you saying that woman is beautiful?
Or that you still doubt the beauty of those young men giving up their lives?
Certainly, they died.
But I'm alive. And so are you.
What are you trying to say?
People have given up their lives for others.
But that doesn't say a damn thing about either one of us.
The only ones who are admirable... who are beautiful...
The rest of us are petty, and stupid, and vulgar...
That's all.
You little...
The reason you didn't panic, even after finding out about the thieves...
Inga.
Really?
It was in front of you all the time. There was no need to lose your head.
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
The next episode is inspired from Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories...
Huh? It's not?
The original work is a short story called Angou?
The title has a double meaning, both angou,
which means a code to hide secrets and then, of course, the author's name.
But who cares about that? I'll give it a read.
It's a great story! I've got tears coming from my eyes!
I can't believe Shinjurou and I
are going to tamper with a wonderful story like this!
Next time on UN-GO, The Code Too Simple!
What a great feeling...
