I hear they're back.
What are you talking about?
The core members of Fairy Tail who disappeared seven years ago.
Not interested.
You can't fool me, Rogue.
I remember how you looked up to Natsu-san.
That was a long time ago.
I admonish us all for our sins.
We, Zentopia, should repent for all of the mistakes we've made up to now
and begin walking upon a new path...
Only then may we purge our sins...
This is tiring...
What can you do?
The archbishop himself invited us.
Yeah, but what about everybody else?
As if they'd come to a ceremony like this?
We Legionnaires...
In any case, the crisis is over.
Raise your heads.
We fought, but let that be water under the bridge.
Let's start afresh.
My gratitude knows no bounds.
And so...
Sabertooth!
The battle over the Infinity Clock was over
and the escaped members of Oracion Seis
had been returned to prison.
Also...
Did you hear?!
That puny guild was the cause of all the trouble!
What a total nuisance!
I can't even remember the name of that guild...
It's Fairy Tail!
And so, the brave actions of Natsu and the rest notwithstanding,
the guild's reputation continued to plummet.
I see. Thank you.
Apparently, Neville's Celestial Spirit Wizards
have been awakened from the 100-year sleeping spell.
However, just as with Katja,
all of them have lost their magic power and are no longer Celestial Spirit Wizards.
What is this?!
Just as it says in the report.
They're as they were seven years ago, back home and as boisterous as ever.
Well, so boisterous that the Chairman is miffed about it.
You... You knew about this...?
It would have been easy for me to tell you, but...
No, it's fine.
I see...
They're alive...
And now, to celebrate the successful conclusion of the latest crisis,
an eating contest between Natsu and Dan... begin!
I'm fired up!
I'm gonna win this one!
He's as energetic as usual...
It feels like that Infinity Clock business happened ages ago...
Here!
What?!
That's what you get!
Huh? Isn't that against the rules?
Ah, we'll allow it.
Just think, right about now, Master and Wakaba are listening to a sermon.
I don't know whether to say they're soft-hearted or just got the short end of the stick...
But that ceremony's a big deal to them, right?
So what's Legion doing here?
We're the same as you guys!
For us, this is also...
Escape!
In other words, we're playing hooky!
Are you sure that's okay?!
Don't you take advantage of the chaos here and rub up against Gray-sama!
Spicy...
These people are hard to talk to. Pain in the ass...
So...
Is there something wrong?
I ask again...
Um... Uh...
I said something terrible to you that last time!
I said I hated cats... and...
Oh, it's fine. Forget about it!
Besides, even though you're a different person, I was still able to meet Coco again.
That's more than I could've asked for.
Thank you.
Well, from here on out, let's be friends.
Actually...
Hold it right there.
Before you start talking,
would you have another bout with me?
Fine!
Come on!
Why?!
Is something wrong?
No.
It's fine.
Everything's fine.
That side of the room's kind of gloomy, huh?
Those two haven't said a word to each other...
Give me a break. That's no way to drink booze.
Huh? Is it just my imagination?
They're smiling?
Our scrap left me numb.
I guess it's a wide world out there.
I never knew there were wizards like you...
It was motivation and the luck of the moment.
And there are a lot of other factors, too.
I don't know how it would turn out if we ever locked horns again.
You take a broad view of things.
I just live selfishly is all.
I wonder what they're talking about...
Never mind. It's probably just dirty talk.
Huh? Lu-pi's not here...
Weren't you fixated on Angel last time?
Life is short, so it's a waste not to live it up with every chance you get.
Is that right?
Is this the one who falls in love at the drop of a hat?
Hey, don't tell me...
She's scary! Help me, Er-pin!
Er... pin?
Scary...?
I'm stayin' out of this.
I knew from the start how you felt about me.
Now, let's become a happy cou...
I can only take so much fickleness.
It's not like I didn't warn you.
Okay! Erza won with one blow!
That's the proper way to use the weapon that keeps evil at bay.
What are you doing out here by yourself?
There's something...
I don't understand.
After what I did to you,
how can you smile at me?
Well, that's all over.
And you Legionnaires were tricked, right?
So don't worry about it.
Before Zentopia took me in,
I'd been tricked and used my whole life.
But everything changed once I got power.
If it was for the sake of Zentopia, which raised me to be a person with power,
I thought I would do anything.
Thinking that, I controlled people...
And it felt like I was getting revenge on the people who had used me long ago.
But in the end, I was only being used again...
We Legionnaires, His Grace, Rapowant, too...
And also...
It seems you've managed to cast off your hesitancy.
Your movements are quite agile today.
Yeah, but not agile enough to beat you.
Too bad, I wanted to beat you once in the end.
In the end?
Coco...
What's that?
I'm holding something very heavy.
But...
Certainly, I have entrusted you with that golden seal.
But I'm not...
Though I was mind-controlled through all of this,
the weakness of my own mind is partially to blame.
From here on out, Legion's mission is going to be a long, severe one.
Please make good use of that golden seal.
Be it ever so little, try to bring light to people's hearts...
Your words are more than we deserve.
Um, what should Gatman-chama do...?
We are responsible for sealing you away in that prison in the first place.
From now on, I would like you to use your magic to help rebuild the local parish.
I'll do everything in my power!
By the way, there is one thing that's been bothering me...
What was it?
The puppets that Rapowant sent to every area...
We investigated closely and found out what he was up to...
Apparently, Rapowant had his eye on the Lobster family fortune, so he kept her at hand.
But, um, the official document showing she's a distant relative of the Heartfilia family...
That was a fake too, wasn't it?
Thank you.
I suspected as much...
But...
I'm fine.
I feel a little lonely...
Friends...
Well, now that I'm refreshed, here...
Let's make up.
Shake.
Okay, we'll start as friends...
I don't think that line fits here...
We visited here today for one reason.
I realized.
To say goodbye...
Goodbye?!
In accordance with His Grace's instructions,
we Legionnaires are to seek out the scattered parts of the Infinity Clock in every region
and find a better way to seal them up.
That being said, until the parts accumulate magic power,
it will be impossible to locate them with magic.
This work is going to last each one of us a lifetime.
In all likelihood, this is the last time we'll be able to meet.
Therefore...
What are you sayin'?!
It's boring to jump to that conclusion from the outset!
Exactly.
Coco... Thank you for everything.
Mary, you stop by and hang out again too, okay?
Thank you!
Take care, Princess, everyone!
I promise to come back! Bye!
Well, I'll see you again, Aniki.
You can come over to challenge me to a fight anytime... Sam.
Huh? He hasn't called him that before...
Let's meet again somewhere.
I guess that includes you too, Sugar Boy.
Dan...
Learn how to stick with one person.
That's a hot message! Thank you!
Well,'til we meet again!
It's been fun.
That's right, octopus man! It almost slipped my mind!
Octopus man...
What is it?
Doesn't scowling all the time make you tired? You oughta try a smile once in a while!
Now, now!
Well...
After all this time, it would be out of character...
He very rarely smiles.
If I can face my heart head on... Wasn't that it, Coco?
I finally understand what you said that time.
Eww!
You can tell he's totally not used to doing that.
Byro-sama, that's actually scary!
What's that, you rascals?!
And with laughter in the air, they began their journey.
I'm sure we'll meet again sometime...
Master Org, thank you for your hard work at the Council meeting.
Mm.
Has the Guild Amity and Trade Treaty reform bill been decided on yet?
More importantly,
you've already heard, haven't you?
About the return of Fairy Tail's main members...
For political reasons,
the chairman apparently intends to tie in the Infinity Clock and Oracion Seis affair
not with Zentopia but with their return...
But that's fine. As long as the case is closed...
The magic world may be in for troubled times again.
What happened this time may only have been a harbinger.
It's been seven years since Acnologia and Zeref awoke...
I'm sorry. We still haven't been able to find either one of them.
Perhaps we should augment the expeditionary force.
It's been too quiet these past seven years.
We're keeping an eye on Sabertooth's ascent,
but Tartaros hasn't made any noticeable moves
and the same goes for the remaining members of Grimoire Heart.
And we have no information on Zeref or Acnologia.
However, it's an eerie silence.
It's like an endless night.
Will it be sunrise soon?
Will it become a great dawn for the magic world?
And you think Fairy Tail will set it off?
I despised Fairy Tail before and here I am expecting something of them...
I must be getting old.
Sabertooth?
Sabertooth, as in the tigers with the saber-like canine teeth.
They've surpassed Pegasus and Lamia and are currently the strongest wizards' guild in Fiore.
Never heard of'em.
They hadn't made much of a splash seven years ago.
Then they've suddenly risen to prominence these past seven years, huh?
What did it was changing their guild master
and the induction of five extremely powerful wizards into their ranks.
Things can change that much with just five people?
They got some guts.
Incidentally, how is our guild ranked?
You're gonna ask that?!
Wendy, there's no need to rub it in.
We're bottom-ranked.
We're a totally wimpy guild.
The weakest guild in Fiore.
I'm sorry!
That's even better! It's more fun!
I mean, right?!
Think of how much fun it's gonna be climbin' to the top again!
I'm fired up!
Yeesh...
I'm no match for Natsu-nii.
You're right! Yeah!
I'm looking forward to it!
Hey, you guys...
Have you seen Gildarts?
What, do you get lonely when Papa's not around?
Idiot!
Sorry...
No, that's okay. Don't worry about it.
She's consoling Gray-sama?!
Gildarts went with Master to the original Fairy Tail base of operations.
Alright! Then I'll go out on a job while I have the chance!
It's amazing how lovey-dovey Gildarts gets with Cana.
You fawn over Carla the same way...
And he's supposed to be the guild's strongest...
This is such an oddball guild.
Are you sure we can just go in here?
The building was repossessed, right?
We'll get it back soon.
Anyway, I didn't know about this...
A deep underground passage below the guild...
That's because I didn't tell anybody about it.
And why's that?
Oh, you'll understand when you see it.
Here we go...
W-What is this?!
Our guild's greatest secret.
Lumen Histoire...
What is this?! What does it mean?!
Mavis wrote that this is Fairy Tail's true nature.
I-I can't find the words...
I don't blame you.
When Purehito showed this to me,
words failed me as well.
Why is something like this below the guild?
And why show me?!
Because you're going to be the next Fairy Tail master...
Gildarts! It's been too long, let's fight!
It's like Natsu is a bug that pesters people...
What the hell, Gildarts? You're in a bad mood, huh?
Is that right? I'm always like this.
Really?!
Maybe...
This makes me feel nostalgic.
Seven years ago, I was like this tall.
You were a fan of Gajeel-san, remember?
Man, Gajeel-san was scary!
Don't let yourself be bound by the past, Sting.
They weren't on the path we took.
Found'em!
Take this!
Eating... an arrow?!
Don't tell me he...
Huh? Maybe I'm rusty...
I missed.
I-It was you two?!
The Twin Dragons of Sabertooth...
White Dragon, Sting and Shadow Dragon, Rogue!
The Dragon Slayer duo!
Hey!
You're gonna leave your friends here?
You suck!
What do you expect from a Dark Guild?
You blew things up really good again, huh, Sting-kun?
Lecter and Frosch, where were you guys?
Oh, just doing a little reconnoitering...
Y'know, the Fire Dragon, Iron Dragon, heck, even the Sky Dragon don't stand a chance.
You've got it goin' on, oh yeah!
Fro thinks so, too!
I know, right?
Sting-kun, you're the strongest Dragon Slayer, oh yeah!
The way I am now, I'm positive I could beat Natsu-san.
Well, yeah, of course!
What do you say we challenge them, Rogue?
Not interested.
Fro neither.
Natsu, did you hear?
There's a festival to decide the 1 guild in Fiore!
The Grand Magic Games, right? We're gonna win for sure!
When even fighting Max is a hard battle...? Are you gonna be okay?
I'll build myself up by the time the tournament starts!
I'm fired up!
Next time: And So, We Aim for the Top!
What are you gonna do if it's not a battle but a quiz that takes brains?
W-Well, I'll get by somehow!
