Ridget...
Yes, Fleet Commander...
Take this.
This is...
Take care... of the fleet...
Fleet Commander Fairlock! Gargantia needs you!
I'm sure you'll do fine.
I can't...
You've made me proud...
When I see your father... I can hold my head high and give a glowing report.
Fleet Commander!
No...
Fleet Commander...
Confirming: Earth's coordinates.
Confirming: Galactic Alliance standard coordinates from current position.
Seriously?! It's possible that we can go home?!
To go home, a subspace navigation method is necessary.
Therefore, it is impossible for me alone.
What? What about the SOS?
First signal sent since emergency landing on Earth
estimated to arrive in approximately 6,582 years, 16 hours and 20 minutes.
No... I don't believe it...
Conclusion: Returning to the main force is effectively impossible.
I can't go home...
Separation
Ridget?
Are you serious?!
That little girl?!
They say the Fleet Commander appointed her himself.
Maybe my ship will go along with Flange, too.
Shipmasters!
I'm glad I caught you all together.
I wish to consult with you on the matter of Flange's departure.
Oh, come on.
Now is the time to talk about that?!
Today is Fleet Commander Fairlock's funeral...
No, I know that, but...
You were like a daughter to him,
and you're not tending to his funeral?
Fairlock's the one who raised you after Chevron died.
What are you doing?
You're supposed to assemble at the bow.
Sorry, we're on our way.
Let's go.
There is some resistance.
Yes. I'll be fine.
You can't go home?
Yeah.
Well... I'm sorry to hear that.
But if you can't get back home, you gotta accept it.
You wanna kill some whalesquid, right?
Killing them is my mission.
Then don't you wanna know where their nest is?
They have such place?!
Okay, calm down.
There's treasure deep inside of a whalesquid nest. And that means money.
I am not interested in money.
You kill the whalesquid. I get the treasure.
How's that sound?
As long as I can kill them.
Then it sounds like we have a deal.
To release all of the ships that wanna leave, 30 interlocks have to be unfastened.
It's a big job, so put your backs into it!
Flange, won't you reconsider?
My mind is made up.
A fleet commander with lax regulations is a ripe target for pirates.
But...
The legacy from the past that Pinion speaks of
has the potential of supporting our future.
On top of that, many people wish to leave with me and my ship.
I have a duty to protect the citizens living on my ship.
Thanks!
Thank you!
Melty!
Amy... Saaya...
Melty, are you really going?
Yeah.
Can't you stay behind when Flange's ship leaves?
I need to take care of Grandpa.
I see...
I never imagined our ship would leave Gargantia!
I'm just as surprised as you are!
But, I am kind of looking forward to it.
For one thing, I may meet a boy I've never laid eyes on before!
You want to marry into money?
Yeah, that's it! And I heard the hottie is coming along, too!
Ledo?
Pinion's spreading the word
that there's no need to fear the whalesquid with that flying Yunboro around.
I see...
I wanted you to be the next Fleet Commander, Crown.
I'm not long for this world. While I'm alive, I need to guide the next generation.
Train her as much as you possibly can.
Fleet Commander Fairlock... I'm grateful that we made this pleasant journey together.
May the blessing of the verdurous waves be with you.
Aren't you gonna change into your mourning clothes?
Pinion!
Sign the departing ship notification.
Stop making me repeat myself.
Then can you prove that it'd be more profitable to stay here?
You got no business tryin' to stop people
when you don't even have confidence that you can protect'em.
See you around.
What's wrong?
Saaya!
Nothing...
You're thinking about Ledo, aren't you?
No, I'm not!
Listen, why don't you go with him?
Go with Melty on Flange's ship.
With Melty?
Of course I'll miss you, but better that than seeing you like this.
By the look on your face, I'd think it was the end of the world.
Although maybe that's what it is to you...
Nothing's even started yet...
Then...
I can't! I have to stay here.
Are you sure?
I can't leave Bebel and he needs Dr. Oldham.
And besides, I couldn't live without Bebel.
I see...
Yeah...
That's a relief.
After all, I'd be lonely without you, Amy.
Thanks!
Looks like you've got your hands full.
I can handle it.
Yeah, well, why don't you take a break?
It would set a bad example to everyone if I took a break now!
I'm sorry.
I don't mind.
Without the Fleet Commander here, I've got to keep it together.
I know how hard you're working.
You're doing fine.
If things were going fine, this wouldn't be happening.
Fine and perfect are different.
I went through a period like this, you know.
Back when my dad left me the business.
I was eager to go it alone, so I took everything on myself.
One day, I found something huge and was determined to show off my skill,
but the Yunboro and I got swept up by a current
and I ended up being pinned under by my prize.
I thought I was gonna die.
Afterwards, Pinion laughed his ass off. He said I couldn't see around me.
That what I did was the same as not trusting my colleagues.
Trying to do something like this by yourself isn't the way to go about it. So...
But Fleet Commander Fairlock did it!
That old man relied on you!
What you have to do is think about who to rely on, and for what,
to make things run smoothly.
Rely on?
You make sure that the items I salvage from the ocean floor benefit the fleet.
That's the kind of person I want to be in charge of the ship.
I'm back!
Sorry I'm late! I'll get dinner going right away.
Hey, is it true that Ledo's leaving?
How did you know, Bebel?
The people in the neighborhood were saying they heard it from Pinion.
Yes. It's too bad, huh?
And I thought we'd become friends...
I wonder why he's going out of his way to do something dangerous.
That's a good question.
That idiot!
Sis...
Why doesn't he care about himself?
At the festival, Ledo looked like he was having a good time. He was laughing!
But now, it seems like he's more tormented than the first time we met!
Even though I'm sure the way he was at the festival is the true Ledo!
There are people who decided to stay here, too.
How do you intend to deal with the boy?
I'm going to let you decide.
Let me decide...
Bebel...
You're going, huh?
Yes. I'm going.
Do you have to go?
Yes.
Is that what you really want to do, Ledo?
It's to protect the human race. To protect Amy, too.
My sister doesn't want that!
I want you to have this.
But...
It's important to you, isn't it?
A child who looked like me made it.
A child who looked like you?
Now that I think of it, it may have been my younger brother.
In that case...
In the Galactic Alliance, a child who cannot fight cannot survive.
It is the fault of the Hideauze, who oppress the domain of the human race.
But...
Earth Hideauze, too...
If their domain expands, I am certain they will make war on humans.
But the whalesquid...
They are Hideauze.
If things here become like the Galactic Alliance, you will not survive, Bebel.
I do not want Amy to experience that loss.
But you're wrong! You're wrong, Ledo! That won't happen!
I do not want to make Amy sad.
That is why I will bring down the Hideauze.
Please, wait!
I apologize for being late.
Thank you so much.
There's something I want to tell everyone.
Fairlock entrusted me with Gargantia.
The previous commander thought about the future of this fleet to the end.
I want to meet his expectations.
I want to protect this Gargantia that the former Fleet Commander loved.
I want to protect this fleet that all of you live on.
But my strength wasn't even enough to stop the people who wanted to leave.
I am powerless.
But that's exactly why I want all of you to lend me your strength!
If you want to protect this fleet...
If you want to protect Gargantia, this fortress that we live on...
Don't sell us short. We're veterans.
That's right! When you need somebody to count on, you better count on'em!
There's no point in cryin' over the jerks who left!
You stand in the middle and we can build a new fleet!
Ridget...
That'll do.
Everyone...
Thank you.
Ledo...
What are you doing there?
I'm going soon.
I see...
Ledo, you're really leaving, huh?
Yes.
Look, I'll hold on to this for you...
So come back for it anytime!
Thank you for everything. May the blessing of the verdurous waves be with you.
Nothing we can do about it. They've made up their minds.
They're fools, the lot of them...
