The Infinity Clock is in our hands.
The amplitude limiter is almost finished.
Let's hurry up and finish off the church!
Even more destruction and the end...
To bring the end to this world,
there's something we still need.
The wind is weak...
A wind blowing from the abyss of destruction...
That's right.
The Infinity Clock isn't complete yet.
To obtain great power,
the sacrifice of something suitable is the price that must be paid.
We know that better than anyone.
Go!
With our power, the end-time will move forward even more!
Oracion Seis...
Just what we didn't need...
So that's why the old Master got summoned by the Council, huh?
Yeah.
Not only did we tangle with them during that Nirvana business,
but there was that other breakout as well.
They're worse than they were seven years ago.
But we were helpless against them...
I couldn't do anything.
Dammit!
No. When you get down to it, it was my fault...
No, it's not your fault, Michelle!
Remember what Natsu said before?
My father should have left a more detailed message.
In the first place, Lucy, how did your father
get involved with that clock?
I don't know that myself.
We'll solve that mystery another day.
Right now, we have to find Oracion Seis
and take back the Infinity Clock!
Anyway, let's go!
If we search here and there, they'll probably turn up eventually, right?!
Forget it. This time, we should form a plan first and then act.
What?! Where's your drive?!
Just thinkin' ain't gonna get us nowhere!
It ain't a question of drive!
Is head-butting the only thing your noggin's good for?!
Do your best, Gray-sama! Juvia is on Gray-sama's side!
Hunt Down the Infinity Clock!
Everyone is on edge, huh?
It can't be helped when all we can do is stand around with our arms folded.
And many of us aren't here...
Gildarts and Laki are both far away.
It has to be at a time like this, when even one more person would make a big difference...
Yo! We're back.
The Raijinshuu are back from a job.
And we took care of this one too in no time at all.
We're so good, it turns me on...
What's wrong? Did something happen?
So the Infinity Clock will bring about the end of the world?
We leave for a short time and all hell breaks loose.
Bad timing, huh?
If we had been there, Oracion Seis would've been defeated.
Actually, on the way back here,
I was out grocery shopping by myself as usual...
As always, you're the one in charge of food, huh, Fried?
Some soldiers who had been guarding a church were talking
about two men, one holding a large sickle, the other running at a tremendous speed,
and they single-handedly destroyed the church in Shirotsume.
A large sickle and tremendous speed?!
Erigor and Racer...
Didn't he call himself Grim Reaper now?
From what I heard,
attacks on churches have suddenly increased in the past two or three days.
You hear something like that, you should've told us!
I did.
But you two were so into eating at the time that you weren't listening.
But I don't understand.
Why are they targeting churches?
Since they stole the Infinity Clock,
it sounds like Oracion Seis has gotten even more out of hand.
I can hear them...
There are four churches on this land.
The priest has already evacuated...
The guards don't know anything.
Alright! In that case,
we're gonna wham-bam'em too, one right after another!
I want to see... destruction... It's what I live for...
Let's split up and get it done quickly.
Our work today is the same as yesterday.
Same?
Was I doing the same kind of thing yesterday?
You don't need to remember anything.
All you have to do is carry out your objective as a Demon General.
I see... That's all I need to think about...
We can't waste time. Let's go.
Oracion Seis!
They came! Protect the church!
Men who aren't the least bit beautiful...
Cost 20!
Grovel before the angel's glow!
Concealed Magic, eh?
A piddling trick!
Tasteless...
There's no such thing as tasteful with the path we're on.
What about the anti-link?
I took care of it already.
You're a cold man, as always.
But that's what I like about you.
All I need is her. That hasn't changed, even now.
I'll kill her, and then...
The way I am now,
the misery I feel is a driving force that produces power.
Until the world comes to an end,
this pain in my chest won't disappear.
That's right.
In order to achieve our objective, we'll convert anything into power.
Failure, frustration, years of being humiliated...
That's us, the reborn Oracion Seis.
Kinana?
Hey! You're still unsteady on your feet!
Kinana, is something wrong?
You need to get more rest!
Kinana-san's eyes...
Yeah...
Can't... waste time...
Let's go...
The way I am now, the misery I feel...
Say, Kinana...
What are you doing?
Kinana-san!
Until the world... comes to an end...
Your Holiness, Legion is at your service.
I requested your presence for one reason.
To tell you that I'm going to reinforce your fighting strength.
You mean we're gonna get a new member... Your Holiness?
Yes. This is also the archbishop's will.
A short while ago, I opened the forbidden cell
of Zentopia's main prison.
What are you trying to unleash?
D-Don't tell me...
What the devil is this?!
New member? That's not even human!
Hi!
I'm the one you've been waiting for, Gatman Kubrick!
There's a voice in my head!
Telepathy?
It speaks oddly!
That doesn't hurt!
The master of Rapture Magic,
Gatman Kubrick.
Also known as Gatman the Cleaner!
Oh... I'm afraid I don't know you...
He's going to be a member of my Legion?
The decision has been made.
This plantation is huge...
Fields and pastures as far as the eye can see...
And it used to be prosperous.
But now, you can't even remember how the grass smelled back then,
and no one around to remember.
It's an album left behind by the passage of time.
In other words, it's been years since anyone's lived here...
This is Michelle's hometown, Lobster Plantation...
On the other hand...
You've become a real hottie after the passage of several years.
I'm going to tell Cana exactly what you just said.
Hey, I was just complimenting you!
Then,
was it also Oracion Seis that attacked the churches, Your Holiness?
Indeed.
Though we don't know what their ultimate objective is...
Um... I have a little favor to ask...
Dan...
I don't mind. What is it?
If we succeed in this mission, I want Coco to be released.
Turning your back on the creed means harsh punishment, right?
But Coco was raised by Zentopia, just like us.
If she gets through her uncertainty, I'm sure she can be useful to His Grace again.
That all depends on how well you perform on this mission.
It'll be fine!
As long as you've got Gatman with you,
all of you can go beddy-byes without a care in the world.
Don't treat us like little kids!
Your Holiness...
Something's come up, so I will take my leave here.
I apologize for keeping you waiting.
Cardinal Rapowant...
You're the captain of the Council's Detention Corps, aren't you?
What can I do for you?
I'm here about the formerly imprisoned members of Oracion Seis.
I believe news of their escape has already reached you...
When the members of Oracion Seis were still incarcerated,
it seems someone from the church visited them regularly.
That could have something to do with the breakout.
I would like you to stop making insinuations.
The breakout is the Council's fault.
Trying to lay the responsibility on the church...
That's outrageous.
Come back another time.
Because at this rate, this could become a major political problem.
That attitude...
Is it proof that there's some suspicious going on?
I think I have no choice but to ask for his help...
What is this?
So she wrote all of these figures on the wall, huh?
It doesn't seem like a prediction, does it?
To bring the end to this world...
Maybe she's remembering something about before?
I don't know...
It seems like that's been weighing heavy on Kinana's mind lately.
Kinana had apparently been under a spell for a long time.
A spell?
This is ancient Potamelian.
That again?!
The same characters that were on the clock hand, huh?
It seems to be a description of one Will Neville...
Will Neville?
The author of Key of the Starry Heavens...
Um... Roughly translated, it says...
Will Neville once had contracts with several Celestial Spirits,
and was a powerful wizard who had mastered using them.
Contracts with Celestial Spirits?
So he was a Celestial Spirit wizard as well as an author...
But there's more.
Will Neville had many disciples.
However, after he lied down for that eternal sleep,
his disciples dispersed, their whereabouts unknown.
What is this?
A biographical dictionary... I brought one from the storehouse.
Um... There!
Will Neville, author...
What, a bird?
It's like a VIP of a religious organization.
Um... As a cardinal, he made many achievements
and was also known as a researcher into Zentopia's history.
But he left the church at one point,
and nobody knows where he was for some time.
It doesn't say what he was doing?
Uh-uh...
After being who-knows-where for several years,
Will Neville suddenly became an author,
joining public life once again.
But it doesn't say anything in here about him being a Celestial Spirit Wizard.
Or that he had disciples...
What's going on here?
Why does Kinana know stuff about him that's not even in that dictionary?
And writing it in an ancient language...
That Legion captain said the Infinity Clock belonged to the church, right?
A former member of that church wrote Key of the Starry Heavens,
which Uncle Jude used to leave a message for Nee-san.
This is gettin' on my nerves!
What the hell did he want us to do?!
Find that Milk Devil or whatever and beat the crap out of him?!
Will Neville is long dead! Listen when somebody's talking!
Gray-sama, do your best!
If we knew where Oracion Seis was going to strike next,
we could lie in wait for them.
Right.
You people are noisy. How's a girl supposed to get any sleep?
It's afternoon already! How long do you need to sleep?!
I don't know why, but I'm just so sleepy...
What was that, though? You want to find Oracion Seis?
I see! With your fortune-telling...
That's right!
Dammit! Don't back away!
Archers! In position!
Fire!
You're slow... Too slow...
Clouds... become a storm, with lightning!
Slot Magic! This guarantees victory again!
What do you think about this?! Lightning bonus! Totally hot!
I could hear it... There was only one vessel of this land, the one from before.
We don't have much time left.
I suppose we'll just have to rely on information now...
Now she should be brought to me...
Have you forgotten orders?
That's not our job.
Alright, finished! Like this is okay?
Yep. Well done.
I'm going to divine the place Oracion Seis is targeting next,
as well as who should go where.
I saw it!
So it's decided like this?
Yep.
I think the team chemistry and their compatibility
with those destinations feels right.
Whatever, let's just get goin'!
I'll announce it.
The first team is Gray and Fried!
Interesting. I've always wanted to try partnering with you.
Rune Magic and Ice Magic...
If we combine them well, we should get interesting results.
Next, Erza and Evergreen!
Are they gonna be okay with teamwork?
Well, Evergreeen has a sense of rivalry with Erza.
Me?!
This is a nice opportunity.
This time for sure, we'll see which of us is worthy of a fairy name!
What's important is finding the Infinity Clock.
After I accomplish that, I'll play your game anytime.
Look, you don't need to compete against each other...
Let's be friendly, o-o-okay?
Next, Gajeel and Juvia!
The Phantom Road combo that came to our side.
Why must Juvia and Gray-sama be separated?!
To me, that's what the end of the world is!
Continuing, Bickslow and Wendy!
Another unusual pairing, right? What fun!
I-I'm looking forward to working with you, Bickslow-san.
Yeah! And make sure you get along with my babies, too!
Get along! Get along!
Next! Happy, Carla, and Panther Lily!
Aye! The Exceed team is reunited, huh?
Lily aside, I have my doubts about us being able to deal with them.
And last! Natsu, Lucy, Elfman, Michelle!
Alright!
We're the only four-person team?
Nee-san, we're together again, huh?
Yep! Let's do our best to find the Infinity Clock!
That's all! Wait, I'm left here again?!
I wanna go with Natsu-nii, too!
I don't want to be separated from Gray-sama!
Trade with Gray-sama, Gajeel!
Forget about it!
My divination told me these pairings are the best this time.
Then let Juvia trade places with Fried-san!
It's the same thing...
Come to think of it, it's been a while since we've been apart, Natsu.
That's right! If push comes to shove, I can't fly!
So you're a survivor from one of those destroyed churches?
Due to circumstances, I was given shelter after that, too,
but sadly was found and now I'm here.
Why are you imprisoned after being saved from the church?
I was targeted
just for being a curate.
And because I didn't wish to tell
Cardinal Rapowant what he wanted to know.
What do you mean?
Traitor... We meet at last.
Your Holiness!
You will tell me the names of Neville's disciples.
Observe carefully, Coco.
See what happens to those who oppose Zentopia... no, me...
Cana's divinations are usually right on.
It's like she hits the bullseye.
Natsu, if you're in charge of the brawn, I'm in charge of the brains, right?
Wait a second! My in charge aside, you're in charge of the brains, Happy?!
Well, there's nobody else it could be, right?
I'd say it could be anybody else but you!
Th-That's rude! Alright, then what am I in charge of?!
Well, the most reasonable thing is you in charge of being a mascot.
Next time: Battle Discord!
In charge of being a mascot? Not bad!
You're really being positive about it!
Actually, I'm not really cut out for being in charge of the brains.
