That was close. I almost got killed.
You're slacking off.
You've really lost your touch... Unacceptable, Yoichi.
Th-That voice...
Lord... Yoshitsune.
What were you thinking, engaging in single combat? That's not your style.
You fool!
What, did you really think you had become a true Genpei warrior?
Remember what you did during the battle?
What a joke!
You were also brought into this world! Where are you?!
I will not follow your orders anymore!
Do as you please, Yoichi. I'll see you.
It'll be more... interesting next time.
Act 8 Mystery CALL ME
Who are you? I mean... who are all of you?
I am a man who hates the Ends.
I am Olminu's master and the leader of the magician organization, the Octobrists.
I am the man tasked with supporting the Drifters
and wiping out the Ends who should not exist in this world.
So, you are one of those Drifters?
Your name?
Abe no Haruakira.
Abe no Haruakira?
Do you mean Abe no Seimei?!
I heard that I've been called Seimei according to the customary way of naming notables.
I am not worthy of the name.
Good. It looks like you settled things over here, too.
Ah, I see more unfamiliar faces.
Who are you?
Hey, listen. It's Seimei. It's really him-Seimei, Abe no Seimei.
Can you believe it?! Isn't it great?!
Don't know.
-Really? -Absolutely not.
I used to be an Onmyodo practitioner in Kyoto.
So you are an urbanite from the capital, huh?
Do the city folks in Kyoto wear weird clothes like that?
No, I had these made in this world.
Well, then...
Why didn't you shave your head, since you are the monk from Onmyoji Temple?
I am sorry, Haruaki! I am so sorry!
He's just a dense kid.
Grand Master, don't be sad. Don't get depressed.
You won't be able to deal with them if you let such trivial matters get to you.
So... were you also brought into this world...
Yes. It happened one day out of blue.
Huh?!
Then, the man opened the door...
Then, I realized my task...
Instead of looking at stars and playing with familiars,
I was sent here to destroy the Ends.
Ahh... That giant and the woman who manipulates fire...
They really gave us hell.
What did you do with her?
I whacked her into the well, and then I head-butted her.
-Wh...?! -D-Didn't you kill her?!
N-No!
She is not there.
She must have gotten away. She is resilient.
You shouldn't have done that!
Why... Why didn't you kill her?!
She is of the End. If you don't kill her...!
Taking the head of a woman would be no great feat. It would only bring shame.
Her gender is irrelevant!
Whether or not she is a woman, as long as she's an End, we absolutely must kill her!
I don't give a damn about your rules!
I will never take a woman's head.
That is my rule!
We won't be...
We are humans.
We follow our own principles.
Shimazu Toyohisa We are humans. We're not pawns.
I see... So, this is a warrior who never existed during peaceful times.
They follow strange principles under the warrior's code.
But that may be their weapon...
The reason why they were chosen.
However, we must definitely kill the Ends...
regardless of their background!
Grand Master.
Who is that old man in the wagon?
He is the honorable Hannibal Barca.
He is one of the Drifters.
He has been stuck in a near-constant state of dementia.
He's been getting worse for the past several days.
It could be because of his age.
Eh?!
There was another Drifter... The honorable Scipio Africanus.
He has a longstanding rivalry with Scipio in the other world.
He was relatively clearheaded while Scipio was around.
On our way here, we were attacked by the Black King's troops several times.
Scipio!
Under fierce attack and pursued by the enemy,
we were unable to go back to look for him.
The headquarters sent out a search party for him, but still no luck.
I hope he didn't fall into the hands of the Black King.
Since then, Hannibal has been in this condition.
Before this, his only problem was wetting himself,
yet now he is deteriorating rapidly.
It is hard to imagine, but...
Scipio must be an important existence to him- someone who keeps him moving forward.
I want to go home to Rome! I want to take a bath!
Since I was separated from them, I've been walking
deeper and deeper into the middle of nowhere.
I followed traces of something being dragged, hoping to find a house nearby, but no luck.
I know my name is Africanus, but that doesn't mean I like Africa!
Why... Why on earth do I have to go through this hell after I saved Rome?
This is bull crap!
Wh-What on earth is this?!
D-Dog?! Dog man?!
What?! What?!
Wait! Wait! Wait! What the-?! Stop it!
What the hell?! Damn it!
Who the hell are you, moron?!
Huh?
Lone fighting fire ball Seven lives to give my country If I leave to the sea Well
Don't touch my precious plane, you fuckin' jackass!
I'm pissed off! A foreigner! You Americans and British are savages! Bastards!
Who the hell are you, moron?!
If you are a damn American, I'll kick your fuckin' ass, jackass!
-Say something, you bastard! -What an evil-looking barbarian. He must be the one...
-Did you hear me, you damn idiot?! Huh?! -...who was flying that strange thing over the battle of the Northern Wall or something.
-Don't you have a fuckin' voice?! Damn jackass! -Does that mean this man is also a Drifter?
I have no clue what he is talking about.
Which race is he? His face looks so flat.
This is what I expected from the darn barbarian.
He can't even speak the universally common language of the great Roman Empire.
-What the hell, you dumbass?! -He must be from a really undeveloped area.
-Did you lose your fuckin' tongue?! -Poor thing.
-Say something! Foreigner! Hey! You hear me?! -Even so, he must know the name of my great motherland.
Rome!
Roma?
Rome
Italy
The Axis
The Tripartite Pact
Aww, I am so happy that he finally understood.
Aww, as expected of my motherland, the great Roman Empire!
Sentimental
Sentimental In 1944, Italy made peace with the Allies. Badoglio Regime declares war on Germany.
You're a goddamned enemy!
Ouch! What the...?!
You... are the fuckin' enemy, you pasta-eating freaks!
Hey, that sky god went on a rampage again.
That god is scary. He is over the top.
You moron!
Grr! You damn barbarian!
You idiot! Apologize to Germany, you fuckin' jackass!
If you can't speak Latin, you should just die!
What is this?
That's a cartridge.
A cartridge?
What?! Ya didn't know that, pop?
Oh, yeah. You're from a different era.
You pack the gunpowder, cap the end of the shell with a bullet,
and then put the cartridge in the chamber. When the hammer strikes the primer,
it triggers and fires the bullet.
Are you crazy, ya fool?! Don't waste your bullets!
Th-Then, is that... the one that shot down the giant...
The thing that was firing continuously?
It's called a Gatling gun.
If ya turn the crank, you can shoot as much as ya want.
Well, it is a useless long piece of iron now, since we're out of magazines.
Huh? What's wrong, pop?
Argh.
Now, I feel foolish about my desperate attempt to make ammunition from black powder.
This device could change everything in battle.
We could annihilate a massive force.
Riflemen will no longer use formations and instead scatter to strategic locations.
Not only cavalry but also spearmen will no longer be needed in a battle.
I-I... I want it.
No matter what it takes, I want it!
That will be difficult.
Huh?
We've already researched gunpowder, the Gatling gun, and other necessities.
Yet, as to how they are produced... We showed the gun to many blacksmiths.
It is impossible to make it with the existing metallurgy in this world...
As you know, it is a product from the distant future.
First of all, I have no idea about explosive black powder.
Kid and the other fellow are excellent marksmen,
but they don't know how to make the weapon they are shooting with.
As to black powder, we are making it right now.
-Huh?! -Eh?
As I expected, you fellows are bizarre.
I've met some Drifters who carried various weapons in the past,
yet your governing principle could completely change this world.
Now, all we need is primer.
Primer?
If you hit this part, the end of this bullet, it will explode.
Perhaps this is not black powder, but a chemical concoction of something else.
We've been researching it, but...
You look like a scientist. Can't you figure that out?! Do something!
I am just an Onmyodo practitioner-a sorcerer.
This is a field for chemists or alchemists.
Oh dear, princess, Saint-Germi.
Princess, did you catch cold?
Oh, my, how terrible!
Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Who the hell are you?!
Oh, hello. Are Drifters here?
I am a member of the Octobrist Organization.
Ah, October or something!
Something!
Is the Four-Eyed Boobs called Olminu here?
Ah, she is.
Is it true... that you are making black powder?
Indeed. All we need now is sulfur.
I've already asked Boobienu about it.
Grand Master!
Semu! What's going on?!
I brought the sulfur.
Olminu contacted headquarters and asked them to bring it here.
It smells horrible. What on earth are his plans...?!
-It stinks! -It stinks!
Good. She did as I asked.
Boobienu is a good girl. I'll rub her breasts for her later.
We now have everything.
Dwarves are next!
That man, Nobunaga... He may be dangerous.
The Octobrists
We may need to put him under surveillance.
He may turn this world upside down.
The Drifters are living beings. They act according to their own principles.
They don't have a common goal like the Ends, who are determined to destroy the entire world.
We have no way of predicting what they may do!
As for the man who created the Orte Empire, he is probably a Drifter.
Without a doubt, his initial intention for the new nation was to save people.
He created the country to rebuild the dignity of the starving masses.
However, as a result...
The Drifters are unpredictable.
Or is this something that you anticipated...
Ahh, it smells good.
What are you planning to do?
You freed the Elves, made black powder... What's next?
What are you going to accomplish?
Next, we're freeing the Dwarves.
We will drift from place to place, liberating the tribes under Orte's control.
We will form an alliance with the countries that have been fighting against Orte,
and gradually consume the empire from the inside.
We will mass-produce black powder, gather soldiers, make firearms,
and wipe the Orte Empire from this world!
We will unite the tribes and establish a multi-racial federation,
where each race has the right to self-govern.
However, we'll keep military power and appoint Toyohisa as Commander in Chief.
We'll bring the warrior code to this world.
If we can't put this idea into practice, we won't be able to win.
This is the only way that we'll be able to wield enough military power.
There is no other way to defeat the Ends.
In order to acquire military, we must establish our own stratocracies.
That will lead to a military usurpation of power.
The right of self-government will become uncertain.
Please do not underestimate me, Lord Oda Nobunaga!
Even so, it's better than Orte.
It's better than being destroyed by the Ends...
Much, much better.
He actually learned the Elven language. What is he?!
Besides, you see, I am a highly competent person...
Conquering the world through military force
Therefore, in the end, the world will become an excellent place!
I won't discriminate against the Elves, the Dwarves, and the other races.
Fair taxes, thriving business, peasants living in comfort, disciplined soldiers...
I will establish a utopian nation. It's true... Very true.
Why... Why do you want to appoint Lord Toyohisa as a leader?
Why can't you be the king?
The truth is that... I don't have what it takes for that sort of role.
I thought profit and fear controlled one's actions.
However, the hearts of men don't seem to work like that...
That's why I fell.
The fifty years of my life were lived completely in vain.
Honestly, in my former life, when I was betrayed and the temple was besieged,
the first person I suspected was...
Yet that son died in battle, following me to the grave.
A bitter geezer like that should never be king.
Toyohisa doesn't care about loss or gain, fear or intimidation.
He has what it takes to be a king.
Yet, he is a fool. Therefore, he needs an assistant...
That's me.
Grandpa...
Are you really senile? Are you alright?
Carthage will fall!
If we don't take any measures, Carthage will be destroyed!
Hey, Mago! Mago!
I have a great idea. How about climbing over the Alps and invading Rome?
That's not my name.
I'm Shimazu Toyohisa.
Huh? Are you Hasdrubal?
What on earth are you doing here?! What happened to Carthage Nova, eh?!
What is that? Is this another Roman attack?
I'm the only one who can save Carthage.
Is that you, Marcus? Or is it Valerius?
Well, doesn't matter. I'll kick both of your asses.
Maybe you really are senile. Even so, your eyes are not quite dead yet.
-Grandpa, what did you do before you lost it? -By the way, Hamilcar, will we eat dinner soon?
You must have fought a great battle.
Wh...?! What was that?! Is it the enemy?
Olminu!
Take care of grandpa.
That man has the same eyes as my uncle.
I'm gonna go free the Dwarves.
-Eh?! -Eh?!
D-Dwarves?!
-Dwarves?! -A-Are you kidding me?!
Why?! Why those damn Dwarves?!
Yeah! That's right! Why them?! We are not obligated to save them!
-Right! -Right!
Toyo, you all don't know about the feud between Elves and Dwarves.
There has been hostility between us since the dawn of this world.
We are like oil and water. We never get along.
When Orte destroyed the countries, they didn't even try to help us Elves.
Now, you want us to go save those Dwarves...?
Those who don't want to help don't have to come.
I'm just gonna go conquering. Only true soldiers should join me.
Wa... Wait!
Toyo, just hold on!
Don't do it! Seriously, don't do it!
Don't do anything that messes up the plan! I'm serious. Stop it!
Grrr, that idiot! He'll ruin everything!
Grrr, you fool! Damn idiot!
What now, Shara?
He's actually going alone.
That man saved our lives.
In the previous war with the Empire,
if either the Elves or the Dwarves had thrown away this grudge,
and if we had joined our forces and risen up against them,
maybe then, neither us nor them would have fallen to slavery.
Are you really going?
You, sir, really are an unstoppable arrow. What is your objective?
Are you like Nobunaga, who wants to change the world?
-Their heads. -Huh?
Waking or sleeping, all a Satsuma warrior thinks about is charging forward.
Are you coming with me?
This Japanese guy is interesting!
We... need to go back to headquarters.
We need to find Scipio and also investigate the movements of the Drifters and the Ends.
Is that so? Sounds rough.
Please take Olminu with you. She should be of use to you.
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Toyo! Wait!
Is dinner ready yet, grandma?
You just ate, grandpa!
Why me?!
Are you a dumbass?!
If they don't come on their own, they don't have to come. They'll be useless.
Spread the word to the villages! We're gathering troops!
Great. Way to go.
Boobienu, prepare that thing.
Yo! Beard man.
Huh?
Ya like it, right? Keep that one.
We'll also be leaving the Gatling gun here. With no bullets, it ain't worth crap.
Ya keep talking about incredible things like making guns and bullets, right?
If you perfect it, pass some on. But I am not expecting anything.
Alright, Samurai. We are heading out.
Don't die.
Good.
You all are good soldiers.
Castle Town
Armed Guards Corps
Eating in the Presence of the Enemy
Act 9 Serious Bomber
