Mr. MacPhail's chosen the Ser Veresta?
Why won't you obey me?!
Ayato!
Just what I'd expect of you, Ayato.
Ayato?
Because I trust you, I'd like to ask a favor of you.
A Holiday for Two
What am I doing here again?
Claudia? I'm coming in.
Oh, my... so you're here?
Please make yourself at home.
It's a spacious room.
Is this one of the perks of being student council president?
No, not for being student council president.
Rather, it's a fringe benefit for top-tier students.
If you make your way up the rankings and become a Page One,
you'll be privy to private rooms such as this one.
Oh, so you're a Page One, too, Claudia?
My, what a sad thing to hear.
Don't you think you could take a bit more interest in me, Ayato?
M-My bad.
Oh, well, compared to that, being student council president brings nothing but hassle,
and it's far less fulfilling than you'd think.
So why did you take on the job?
Because I am fond of hassle.
So your summoning me here today...
does that have something to do with that hassle?
Thank goodness, I don't need to explain.
Please take a look at this.
These students were entered in the next Phoenix Festa,
but they've been forced to withdraw from competition in the last few weeks due to injury.
The causes are many,
but apparently...
They were attacked by somebody?
Like in Julis's case?
It's highly likely.
Do you have any proof?
No, at the moment, none at all.
But the Disciplinary Committee and I have strong suspicions
against Lester MacPhail and Randy Hooke.
Being that neither of them have an alibi for the time of the attack yesterday.
But with no proof, that leaves your hands tied, doesn't it?
True.
But we do have one sure advantage.
The fact that we know who'll be targeted next.
You mean Julis.
Yes.
And that brings me to the favor I mentioned.
For the time being, would you mind staying by Julis's side?
Because the next time she comes under attack,
she might not necessarily be able to handle it herself.
Is there a reason why it has to be me?
As you know, that girl has a tendency to distance herself from others.
Fortunately, however, she appears to be comfortable with you.
You think so?
Well, she is going to show me around the city on our next day off.
You really are oblivious, aren't you?
Well, all right, then.
By the way, if you don't mind my asking, why are you so concerned about Julis?
Well, really!
What student council president wouldn't try to protect a student at her own school?
Is that really all?
Like the other students, I have come here to do what it is I'm supposed to do.
And I'm only doing what I need to do towards that end.
Oh, right, I can't ask for a favor without offering a reward.
No, that's okay!
C-Claudia?
Since you're here, you might as well desire me, you know.
Please don't hold back.
Do help yourself...
Wait! Hold up a second!
S-Sorry! So anyway...
W-We're all set, okay?
My, what a shame.
What you're supposed to do, huh?
Why are you standing there with your mouth wide open?
Is there something on my face?
H-Hey, my bad!
No, I mean... It's just that you look so different today.
D-Do I?
Yeah! But you really look good.
You moron! Are you trying to embarrass me?!
A-Anyway, this is just a makeshift outfit I threw together
from some clothes they sent me from my country!
Never mind that! Let's go!
This is the main stage, the largest in Asterisk.
All Festa finals are held here.
Aside from this one, there are three large-scale stages, seven mid-sized stages,
and as far as smaller outdoor stages go, there are too many too count.
I didn't know there were that many.
Well, since it's considered etiquette to use the stages for duels in the city...
Not that many people adhere to those rules, but...
You mean there are duels right in the city?
That's right.
I wouldn't want to live in a town like that.
Same here.
So do you want to grab some lunch around here?
Huh?
Ayato, can we have lunch here?
This place?
Well, it's fine with me.
But are you sure you want to eat here?
Yes, definitely here!
Are you really a princess, Julis?
What's that supposed to mean?
Well, princesses don't normally go to burger joints, do they?
That's what's called a bias.
There's an actual example right in front of you.
So accept it!
I heard about this place from my friends.
Friends?
Even I have friends, okay?
Uh, right.
Not here... but in my own country, that is.
Julis, can we talk about something serious for a second?
What is it?
About that attack on you...
I talked about it with Claudia, see.
So anyway, I don't think you should be going out alone, or dueling...
No, thank you.
Why should I have to alter my routine because of such cowards?
I hear you.
I'll be the one to decide my own path.
My will belongs to me alone.
Well, well! Always the heroine, aren't you now?
Despite getting targeted by a mystery attacker.
Eavesdropping? Such impeccable taste, Lester.
If there's anyone worthy of being my opponent, I'll just take him on!
Then why don't you take me on right here and now?
How many times do I have to repeat this until it registers? I have no inclination to take you on.
Never mind that, I'm telling you to battle me now!
Don't you think you've taken it far enough?
You shut up!
Not happening.
Haven't you heard how Julis was attacked?
If you pick a fight here,
too bad if people lump you in with the cowards from the other day.
Why, you...
Don't give me that crap!
Are you saying that I'm no different than guys who sneak around?!
In that case, I'll be happy to start by annihilating you!
You call me a coward, and you're making a run for it?
You damned wuss!
Whatever you say.
I won't take part in a meaningless duel.
Bastard!
Calm down!
Everybody knows that you've always taken out your opponents fair and square!
H-He's right!
Waiting for a chance to duel...
You'd never do anything cowardly like that!
We're going to let you off easy today!
Just as I thought, you really are a tough one.
What are you talking about?
Oh, skip it.
More importantly...
You've got ketchup on your face.
Seriously, you're unfathomable, aren't you?
Thanks for today.
I learned a lot, and it was fun, too.
Was it? I-I mean...
At the risk of repeating myself, all I did was repay my debt, all right?
There's no need for you to thank me.
What are you looking at, bastard?!
Those are students from Le Wolfe Black Academy.
Looks like they're getting into it, huh?
Hey, there's the first blow.
What the hell?!
I'll get you!
This isn't good.
I'm being set up.
Damn you!
This is a common ploy.
They surround their target by feigning a brawl,
and then go to town on him.
Meaning that it was Le Wolfe who went after you?
No, not necessarily.
Show them the money, and hoodlums like these will take on just about anything.
This would be a clear-cut case of self-defense, right?
I'm going to grill some answers out of him!
Hey, give him a break and keep it to medium rare or so, okay?
This isn't even much of a warm-up.
Hey!
Wake up.
Or else I'll burn off that bizarre hairstyle of yours, roots and all!
Be succinct.
Who gave you the order to do this?
Some guy I don't know.
He said he'd pay us to make you guys hurt a little.
What did this guy look like?
He was dressed all in black. A tall, burly guy...
Hey! That's him!
He's the one who hired us!
- Come back here! - Julis!
Don't chase him too far!
Julis!
Julis!
Behind you!
Ayato!
Hey, are you all right?
Just barely, yeah.
My clothes are shredded, though.
Don't you think that was a bit careless?
Surely you could've evaded an attack like that!
You even got your Lux demolished.
Right now, that's about all I can handle.
So dealing with multiple opponents isn't your thing?
Well, never mind.
Security should be showing up soon.
Why don't we withdraw, as well?
Good idea.
By the way...
Do you still have some time after this?
I'm coming in...
Jeez, I hate how that's become like, second nature to me!
Here you are.
All right, let's get this over with, shall we?
Take off your clothes.
U-Uh... J-J-J-J-Julis?
Why are you so flustered?
Just hurry it up and...
I-Idiot!
G-G-Get your mind out of the gutter!
Not that! I'm offering to repair your ripped clothing!
Repair? You mean you can sew, Julis?
It's not my forte... but well, I'm not half bad.
I was just as responsible for this, too, you see.
I don't wish to incur any more debt from you.
Well, if that's the deal, fine...
Is this another thing you learned from your friends?
How did you guess?
I just had a feeling, see.
Hey, Julis. By any chance, these friends of yours...
Do you mean these kids?
Wh-Why, you! Who said you could look at that?!
The girl in the middle. That's you, right?
That's right. The people in this photograph are, without question, my friends.
I may not look it, but as a child, I was a tomboy, you see.
I would often sneak out of the palace without permission.
One day, I lost my way in the slums,
and got dragged into an alley by a group of vulgar thugs.
There I was, helpless... unable to do anything but sob.
Then who appeared before me and came to my rescue were those girls.
After I returned to the palace, I learned that they were from the orphanage in the slums.
After that, I started sneaking out of the palace to follow them around.
Did those girls know that you were a princess?
No, because at the time I kept that from them.
Though I'm sure the nuns knew.
Oh, I see.
That orphanage had been built with the funds created by my mother, but those funds have run dry,
and it's getting harder and harder to keep it running every year.
That's why I came here.
What today's children need more than anything... sadly, it's money.
Yeah, but Julis, you're the princess of your country, right?
Wasn't there some other way to raise money?
As if I'd have any money at my disposal!
For starters, in a puppet regime of the Integrated Empire Foundation,
I could never secure approval for a welfare project with no hope of revenues!
That being the case, what else can I do but raise it myself?
Fortunately, I had my skills as a Strega,
and what better title for a freak than my standing as a princess?
Julis...
This is a vulgar and insignificant city.
They make students battle each other,
and the whole world can't get enough of it.
Their greed is a maelstrom, sucking in everything around it until it's horribly engorged,
and it will continue to grow unchecked.
But that's precisely why it's the city closest to all desires.
I will obtain what I want here.
Not because someone asked me to.
For my own sake, I will do whatever I want right now!
That's my reason for going into battle.
All right!
Now take this and go on home.
Right, thanks.
We can call it even now.
Sure thing.
Oh, this is something my friends from the orphanage gave me for my birthday years ago.
They all took turns embroidering it.
And this especially heinous part was done by my best friend.
It's my treasure.
Good morning, Julis.
Julis?
Right... Good morning.
You're leaving already, Julis?
I have something to take care of today.
Julis?
Looks like she's gone back to her old ways for some reason.
Too bad, she was just beginning to thaw!
Ayato?
Is something the matter?
This morning, the princess was reading a letter from somebody,
and now she's run off with an ashen face.
That might not be a good thing.
Don't tell me...
Her opponent is that guy who shot at her?
If that's the case, why didn't she tell me anything?
I guess she doesn't trust me after all?
I'd say it was quite the opposite.
Didn't I tell you before?
It's all that girl can do to protect what she has in her hands.
Most likely, she counts you as one of them, too.
Protect?
Julis... protect me?
Oh, I get it.
What I'm supposed to do...
is protect you, Ayato.
Then... Then I'm going to protect you, too, Big Sister!
That will be my...
I didn't get it at the time, but...
I'm going after her!
Ayato!
Big Sister's sword!
Now I get it.
What it is that I'm supposed to do.
It was you who taught me...
To protect Julis!
That's what I'm supposed to do!
Ayato and the Ser Veresta...
I can't wait to see how far they'll go.
Still, to think that Ayato would be in such a panic that he'd leap from such a high place...
Episode 4 - Unshackled
I do feel a bit jealous.
