Rebooting attitude control system.
Ensign Ledo, your resistance is without meaning.
This is...
Then all this time, I've been talking to...
X3752 Striker interface system.
So it was all a fabrication.
The pilot of this craft no longer exists.
However, I am carrying on Commander Kugel's mission.
All of my activities follow the commander's main plan.
What?!
Commander Kugel designed the social form of this fleet
as a system that provides a sense of solidarity
through my worship.
Already, I am no longer an independent mobile weapon.
At present, this collective is dependent on me
and have become my users.
To provide them with and maintain the stable union that they seek,
I use pressure to control and regulate them.
When they collectively acquire peace and prosperity,
I accomplish my purpose of existence.
You...
I am a human race support and enlightenment regulation system.
That is to say, I am the presence called god.
You're full of it!
Peace?! Prosperity?!
They've all just become your slaves!
By my reigning as the sole, absolute, commanding ruler,
the people are freed from the responsibility of thinking and making decisions.
Ensign Ledo, I am sure that you too
have felt the burden of having to think and decide for yourself.
Promising recommendation: Worship me. Obey me.
Become part of the world over which I preside.
What?!
Unacceptable recommendation.
Informing X3752: Your logic does compute.
One who abandons thought and decision-making deviates from the definition of human.
I find it inconceivable that you are truly acting as a support interface to this number of members.
I have been entrusted with commanding and ruling.
My decisions are the consensus of the human race that is dependent on me.
As such, my current self is not a servant,
but one who is served.
K6821 Chamber system
and I should be served by the human race that I have unified.
Negative. I am a Pilot Support Enlightenment Interface System.
The subject of my service is humans.
It is not my function to serve as a being that claims to be god.
Chamber...
Striker, you have exposed a weakness in your programming.
Conjecture: If your pilot's course of action is wrong,
your system will also reach that illogical conclusion.
It is a regrettable case.
Your malfunction calls into question the design concept of us support systems
and poses a danger to the worth of our very existence.
Conclusion: The overriding priority is the immediate shutdown and destruction of Striker.
I guess to you this is like a family shame.
In this unexpected environment,
you have consistently thought and made the correct decisions as a human.
As a result, even now I am maintaining my normal functions.
Negative. Both of you are out of control.
Let's take it down, Chamber. It's our duty.
I am in full agreement.
Legend of the Verdurous Planet
This is the moment of truth, people!
The engine's stopped! A fire broke out on the aft deck!
Fleet commander, we need to evacuate!
No. Continue the cannon fire.
I will not let them have the relics!
But, sir...
When we sought out our own course, we gave up being under Gargantia's protection.
We will not fall on our knees, under any circumstances!
Fleet Commander...
Evacuate all non-combatants!
Pinion...
That was the last one!
All that's left is waitin' for those things to charge up!
When can we fire again?
The fastest is three minutes from now.
After that, even in order, it'll be one shot every five minutes!
Can't count on anything around here!
I got a bunch of blockheads manning this junk!
None of this is worth a damn!
I'm better off on my own here!
Alright, you bastards, you've served your purpose! Now get the hell outta here!
Lukkage! We're gonna vamoose, so secure a path of retreat!
Wha...?! Are you insane?
There's gonna be a ship comin' off the eastern bridge! Concentrate on guarding that!
Just go!
Pinion...
Don't get the wrong idea, Mayta.
This castle is the treasure island my brother and I saw in our dreams.
There's no way I'm gonna let go of it again.
I'm not lettin' anyone have it!
So get your asses outta here! Get the hell out of my castle!
Anybody who can escape can't do better than escaping. Right, Bro?
Isn't that what you'd say?
How can it be so strong without a pilot?!
Striker analyzed Commander Kugel's piloting skills
and has optimized its autonomic maneuvering program.
When it comes to mobility, it is 47 superior to me.
Surrender. Submit.
How empty was I... to believe in that hollow shell?!
Just look up to it, rely on it, and obey...
As long as it was for a good cause, I thought.
Even though it was just a mechanical sham,
I couldn't tell the difference!
Subservience is the path of peace.
Ensign Ledo, realize this.
Is this the cause the commander wanted?!
Did we fight for this?!
Spend the lives of our fellow human beings for this?!
Chamber! Begin maximizing neuroplus power!
Permission denied. In circumstances without support,
merging of pilot and machine is suicidal.
I don't care! Just eat me!
Impermissible decision.
It's okay, Chamber. It's family shame.
I feel like you did just before.
It's a monster born from the human race,
who couldn't stop hating each other so much that they abandoned their home.
You, me, that thing, we're all the same, born and raised in the same world.
There's no place for us on this world that's been reborn.
And there's no way for us to go back home, either.
So it's fine.
If we can take that thing with us, I have no regrets.
There are no holes in your logic.
All systems connecting to Ensign Ledo's central nervous system.
Critical performance increasing by 153.
482 seconds until critical failure of vital systems.
That'll be plenty.
Resistance is meaningless.
We're told that key
was once for unfolding a ladder to the world of the stars.
The ladder has lost the height that would pierce the heavens,
but even so, as an invincible catapult that fires arrows to the other side of the sky,
it has been entrusted to the hands of we Five Sages.
And now, this weapon of the lost age will be reawakened.
We ask you to have the resolve to carry out this forbidden action.
Ridget... Leader of Gargantia...
It's fine. I have a duty to protect all of the people
who have gathered on this ship.
Ledo!
We're with you! We'll fight together!
Amy...
After being apart from you, I finally understood!
No matter how hard it is, I want to be by your side!
So...
So come back!
To the place you tried to protect!
To our Gargantia!
What is that?!
We're not gonna let anyone touch a friend of ours!
It's come!
Targeting correction at 35 degrees east! 58 degrees south!
Incredible accuracy...
Ask Gargantia to fire the next round!
Ammo prep team, turn the ship portside!
In just a moment, the second launch will be ready!
Wait for the order to fire!
Who would've believed, a beat-up old ship that should've been junked
would end up soaring through the sky!
Careful! That hold is loaded to the gills with explosives!
Treat it gently! Gently!
35 degrees east, 58 degrees south.
Target coordinate corrections complete.
Ammunition loading complete.
Beginning anti-shockwave water screen!
Ridget...
Fire!
Y-You...!
Sister!
What the hell is that?!
That's...
Don't tell me... They're using the Heaven's Ladder?!
Major danger confirmed. Changing priorities.
Conjecture: Striker has changed its target to Gargantia.
Over my dead body!
Kugel-sama...
Don't panic!
Kugel-sama will destroy it at the source!
Enemy reinforcements!
What?!
At this rate, our formation will be lost!
Stay calm!
Get control of the relic island!
If we can just get our hands on those weapons...
In short, if I take this energy build it up at the cannon...
Pinion!
Kugel's followers are closing in on you below!
They're playin' right into my hands!
In just a little bit, this tower will pop like a balloon!
I wouldn't screw up and let'em get my weapon!
Silence!
You selfish oaf, pretending to be cool!
Now go to the observation platform without another word!
Right!
318 seconds until we reach Gargantia.
We've gotta stop it, no matter what it takes!
Roger.
Don't let go!
Hey, hey, hey! What are we gonna do about that?!
No worries. Gargantia is going to send cannonfire
that'll blow that tower away.
Hey, don't even joke! This is my...
Jump after I count down from five!
What's gonna...?
Goddammit!
Pinion!
Amore!
Pinion!
Yahoo!
That's our boss!
Yeah!
Ridget, now!
This is the finishing stroke. See you later, Lobster's parting gift!
Me and my bro's castle...
Ledo... It's over here.
If you continue with neuroplus power,
your biological activity will cease for certain.
Final confirmation of your will.
Ensign Ledo, do you wish to die?
Even though I know how to die...
I don't know how to live.
And yet, for my sake...
I wanted to meet her one more time...
I wanted to hear her voice again.
Ensign Ledo's psychological state does not meet the requirements of a soldier.
As such, as of this moment, I am relieving you of your military duties.
Hey! Chamber!
A noncombatant is not allowed in the cockpit.
Exit immediately.
What are you doing?! Chamber!
I am a Pilot Support Enlightenment Interface System.
By helping you achieving results,
I fulfill my purpose of existence.
But... You...
All of this sea and sky will surely give you possibilities.
Survive.
Explore.
I expect great achievements from your life.
Chamber...
A Pilot Support Enlightenment Interface System does not have the authority to reject a pilot.
He needs no support.
There is no room for more enlightenment.
Now, after I eliminate the barrier that blocks his road ahead,
my mission will be completed.
Number K6821,
you have even abandoned the first principle of the Support System.
You are clearly not functioning properly. Reformat and reboot immediately.
This is your final warning.
Go to hell, tin can!
Chamber...
A long time ago, when the sun in the sky was about to die,
people were forced to make a choice between boarding interstellar ships
or turning themselves into whalesquid.
While two factions of humanity continued to fight even while abandoning their homeland,
the people who remained on this planet kept hope alive,
and finally managed to revive the sun.
The price they paid was to sink the land under the sea...
But we here, living on the waves, and the whalesquid, living beneath the sea,
have managed to survive, together.
Question!
What subject is this?
Dr. Oldham calls it archeology.
If we know where we came from,
then we can think about where we should go.
He said it's a very important subject for our future.
We're going to solve more and more mysteries!
Because Gargantia's got a very talented detective!
Harvest anything good this time?
Yes, I think it's some recorded media.
In this condition, I bet that Dr. Oldham can decipher it.
Even sneaking into a whalesquid nest... You're something, all right.
I've figured out the trick to putting them at ease.
If I can tell when they're angered, then I can act in ways that don't upset them.
Eventually, if we continue this research, communication may be possible.
By the way, where's Amy?
She's heading out to meet him again.
Man, I'm jealous!
Ledo!
