And it's been really dry lately, right?
So Yumiko brought this little humidifier to school,
and it was spitting out a ton of steam all through class!
You know, those new ones powered by... USJ? USA? That kind!
That slight smile hasn't changed since that day.
Our days haven't changed.
I'd love to have one of those in my room.
Right, Hikki?
Days spent just trying not to run away...
Earth to Hikki!
I'm listening. And it's USB.
Why should humidifiers have to get their power from America?
Yeah, that's it! USB!
Cell phones these days can be charged with that USB thing, too.
Anyway, what should we do for Christmas?
I'll be busy getting ready for the new year.
To keep from making the things we've lost into excuses,
Yeah, but...
we steel ourselves more than usual,
trying harder than usual to act the same as usual.
Christmas, huh? I know about Ebina, but...
What about you guys?
I'll have to pass, too.
H-Hayato...
You have plans or something?
Huh...
Hikki...
You're looking at us too much.
My Teen Romantic Comedy SNAFU TOO!
Huh? Er, I wasn't really looking...
No, you were totally looking.
I was kinda freaked out, honestly.
You're the one who should stop looking at me.
Huh?! Oh, that was...
I just sensed something, that's all.
Some kind of pressure, or chill...
Those two don't feel anything alike.
Is that what you meant?
Anyway, did you need something?
No, it's just...
you guys were drawing attention to yourselves.
Just then, somewhere inside, something hit me.
Why was I watching them?
Morning!
Morning, Sai-chan!
Morning.
Something wrong?
I just thought it was unusual to see you two talking in the classroom.
Y-You think so?
Did something happen?
No, nothing!
Well, we were kind of talking about club stuff, I guess...
Oh, your club, huh?
Well, if you guys are back to doing club work like before, that's good.
Y-Yeah...
Oh, hey, you can come to us if you ever need help again.
Nah, you know what?
You can come, even if you don't need anything.
You're motivated for once!
Well, later.
By the way, Hikki...
Let's go to club together.
See ya!
Yep.
Why'd you leave first?
I didn't. I'm waiting here.
Yeah, but...
Wait, so you don't mind?
Let's go.
By the way, what do you do at lunch?
Huh? Oh... Same as always.
I see.
Hey...
Never mind.
I see.
Yahello, Yukinon!
And he said it's unusual for me and Hikki to talk in the classroom.
How long will this continue?
Did he? I suppose it might be unusual.
How long will we be able to keep this up?
Not really. Right, Hikki?
What will happen when we can't keep it up anymore?
No, that was probably the first time we talked that much.
It kinda tired me out.
It tired you out?!
I was probably watching Hayama and his buddies
because I felt like they'd teach me
how to mend something that's fallen apart.
Come in.
Senpai!
I'm in trouble!
I'm in trouble! I'm in trouble!
I'm in serious trouble!
A Christmas event?
Yeah.
So that's your first student council job...
It's a joint thing with Kaihin General High School,
and I guess we're supposed to entertain old folks and preschool kids.
Who came up with that idea?
It was the other school!
As if I'd ever suggest something like that!
I figured.
So of course, I'd normally turn them down, you know?
I have plans for Christmas, anyway.
You'd turn them down?
You're handling your freedom too personally.
But Hiratsuka-sensei is telling us to do it.
I should've known she had a hand in this...
So I got started with things, but it's just not coming together.
That's how it goes when you deal with other schools.
Don't feel bad.
Actually, you should've talked to Shiromeguri-senpai before coming here.
Oh... w-well... I mean, uh...
Oh, yeah!
I can't bother her when she's studying for entrance exams, right?
Um, you just don't like Meguri-senpai, right?
You're the only ones I can turn to!
Okay... I have an idea of what's going on, but...
What do you think?
Sounds good! Let's do it!
It's been a while since anyone's asked for our help, you know?
We haven't done anything like this lately.
So, just like before...
I mean... it couldn't hurt to try... I think...
Really?
I think it's fine, then.
No, I don't think we should mess with this.
It's the student council's problem.
Plus, I don't think it's a good thing to rely on other people right
after you take over as president.
Huh?! What does that mean?
We're not a jack-of-all-trades service.
We only help people out.
Anyway, this is your job. Got it? Go on.
I took over as president because you said I should!
I want you to do something about this!
Being told that weakens me.
It only makes sense that I should take responsibility for Isshiki Iroha.
Which means there's one other person
I need to take responsibility for.
Would you object to me helping you
on a personal level, not for the club?
Huh? Well, yeah, I'm fine with that...
If it's just you alone, I can use
I can rest easy. I mean, I can rely on you.
You don't have to correct yourself.
What about Hayama, anyway?
Aren't times like these when you should get him to help you?
This is a tough job, so I didn't want to bother him with it...
But you don't mind bothering me? I mean, not that I care...
Still, who knew she'd say something noble like she didn't want to bother him?
I guess even Isshiki can act like a girl in love.
I've gotta admire that.
Besides, with stuff like this,
it's cute how he can't handle simple things.
It's his mistakes that I like about him.
Asking him to do something that's actually hard would just scare him off.
Oh... I see.
Some winning personality she's got.
Give it back! Return to me my admiration!
Okay, let's meet at the school gate afterward.
What? We're starting today?
We don't have much time.
Okay, then change the meeting location.
It'd be embarrassing if my friends saw us leaving together and started rumors.
Huh?
Hm, is she in the wrong generation to get the humor of that?
She's not even responding with But you don't have any friends.
Total poker face.
Okay, then...
You know where the community center is?
We'll meet there.
Fine. I'll head there after I get ready.
Okay, see you there, then!
You really are sneaky...
What did Iroha-chan say?
She whined a lot, but she seemed to understand.
I see...
And that was the first time in a while that I hoped we could do something...
Something else will come up soon enough.
Maybe it's actually better if we don't get any requests.
If we just don't do anything.
Maybe.
Then what have I...
What have we...
been doing all this time?
Sorry I made you wait.
I had a little shopping to do.
It's fine...
What's that irritating face for?
You weren't trying to call attention to how heavy your bags are so I'd carry them?
Uh, no, that was just a natural reaction.
You weren't trying to hit on me, were you?
I'm sorry. My heart fluttered for a moment, but after calming down, I still can't.
Huh? I see...
How many times do I have to get rejected by this girl?
Th-Thank you...
No big deal. It's part of my job.
Wow, you're so dependable!
In that case, take care of the next part, too, okay?
Lecture Room 1
Hi, everyone.
Chiba City Mihama Ward Takasu Community Center
I'm Tamanawa, student council president of Kaihin General High School.
Nice to meet you.
Yeah... hello.
I'm really glad
we had the chance to plan this together, as two fresh, rookie presidents.
I'm hoping we can forge a partnership of mutual respect
and bring about a synergetic effect.
He throws a good punch right from the get-go...
Iroha-chan, got a minute?
Sure!
Huh? Hikigaya?
Hey...
You're on the student council?
No.
Same as me, then!
I'm here because my friend asked me to come...
Huh? Wait, you're alone?
All the time, pretty much.
What the heck? That's hilarious!
No it's not...
Well, see ya!
Senpai, there's someone here you know?
The way you said that sounded like
Someone exists that you know? Don't do that.
Besides, you've seen her before.
Who's the girl, anyway?
Yeah, she was my classmate in middle school.
Yeah?
Oh, the meeting's starting.
This way, Senpai.
Uh, I'd rather stay on the sidelines...
About the Christmas Event Plan
Okay, so just like last time,
let's start by brainstorming.
First on the agenda is the event concept
and sharing of ideas for activities.
Considering the demands that fall on us as high school students,
I believe we need to come up with some
innovation befitting of young minds.
In that case, naturally, we need to ponder on the premise of
a win-win relationship with the community.
Then we'll probably have to think strategically in terms of cost-effectiveness.
What is going on right now?
Huh? No idea.
The other school is making suggestions for us, I guess.
Huh...
Everyone, isn't there something more important to consider?
We should use logical thinking to think logically.
Aren't those the same thing?
How many times are we supposed to think?
We should put ourselves in the customer's place to see from the customers' perspective.
Again, aren't those the same thing?
How many times do we have to become the customer?
Then we could give some thought to outsourcing.
With our current method, that might be tough to fit in the scheme.
What do you think?
There's a chance it could be rescheduled, too.
Shouldn't we give ourselves more of a buffer?
Oh, that's true. We should look at the whole picture.
Are you getting an idea of how it all works?
No, I didn't understand a thing.
Yeah, they were saying some difficult stuff, huh?
But when I say stuff like Wow, I need to work hard, too,
that goes over really well.
Otherwise, all I really have to do is email back and forth with them.
You're gonna get stabbed someday.
But you're like that sometimes, too, Senpai.
Like you're trying to look smart or interesting...
Don't put me on their level.
I don't care about looking interesting.
I'm just self-conscious.
Huh... I don't get it.
Anyway, I've worked out what we need to do, so let's start tackling it.
What?
You seem to be getting on well enough with them.
Yeah, I guess so.
But you're the one who taught me
that younger girls trying to learn something are cute, right?
I didn't teach you that.
But now you don't need me, do you?
Ah... Well...
Iroha-chan, can you take care of these, too?
Also this, and this, and this, too.
Ah, okay.
If there's anything you don't understand, let me know.
I'll explain it so you can understand.
So as you heard, getting the minutes together will be our job, too.
I'm counting on all of you.
Doesn't look like we can say the student council is functioning well.
I'm sure there's some reservation between them,
but it looks like that's hindering their communication.
President, is this okay?
Oh... I'll check.
Also, about the way this work is progressing...
Yes?
Actually, never mind.
He's the vice president.
Looks like you've got it rough.
I don't think he likes me much...
But that's how it always goes at first.
He'll get used to me eventually.
Mihama Library
Takasu Community Festival
Senpai!
Your reactions are too weak.
Because you're just being sneaky with that.
Oh, come on. I'm just being natural.
But you know, I think that's pretty sneaky of you, too.
Oh, come on. I'm just being natural.
Hey, wait up!
Lecture Room 1
Our outline of the plan hasn't completely solidified yet,
so let's continue our brainstorming from yesterday.
As long as we're doing this, I'd like to make it more flashy.
Yeah! That's the thing!
We should do something big, something with a real bang!
Yes, we may have been pulling everything together too closely.
Huh? Really? Something was pulled together?
The minutes don't have anything in them but logical thinking blah blah blah.
I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
Well, that's because nothing specific has been settled on yet.
I think we should increase the scale.
What do you think?
Ah...
You might be right.
We don't have the time or the personnel to increase the scale.
No, no, not like that.
When brainstorming, you don't reject another's opinion.
We can't make this any bigger because we lack the time and personnel.
So how should we deal with that?
We expand the discussion in that way.
We mustn't come to a conclusion right away.
So your opinion doesn't work.
O-Okay...
For all you said, you wasted no time rejecting my opinion...
Let's discuss how to make it possible.
Why don't we bring in more local high schools?
Whoa, whoa. Why do people who want to look interesting
love working with others so much?
There's no merit in bringing in more schools.
Sounds good. We'd be involving the community.
But a simple objection like that would be crushed.
In that case, we could work toward closing generation gaps.
That'll work!
I'll have to say this in a way that fits their rules.
This is just a fresh idea.
As a counter to your previous suggestion,
I feel it would be better to strive for the maximum synergetic effect
by having our two schools cooperate to build a closer relationship.
What do you think?
I see...
So it shouldn't be a high school. Perhaps college students...
It didn't work!
No, wait. Then we can't take initiative.
Even if we're to reach a consensus with our stakeholders,
we need a partnership in which we can offer clear suggestions of a solid manifesto...
Senpai, what are you talking about?
I'm the one saying it, and I don't know myself.
That's true.
He understood that?!
Then how about a local elementary school?
What do you call it? Gameducation?
If we can make the work enjoyable,
maybe we could get a local elementary school to help.
That'd be win-win.
Win-win!
Yeah! That's the thing!
What's the thing?
If we handle the appointment and negotiation of an elementary school...
If you could handle them after that, I'd appreciate it.
Good idea.
What do you think?
Okay, got it.
Yo!
Were you on the student council or anything in middle school?
You seem used to it.
I'm not.
Did you break up with your girlfriend?
What?
I mean, it just seemed like you had your sights on Isshiki-chan.
I couldn't have broken up. I've never had a girlfriend.
Really? I thought you were going out with one of those two girls.
Which two girls?
You know, the ones who showed up on that date.
They're just... in the same club as me.
You're in a club? Which one?
The Service Club.
What is that? I don't get it!
That's hilarious!
No, it's not.
Seriously, what does that club do?
That's my first seriously of the day!
Yeah, it is a club that doesn't make much sense.
I've never heard of a Service Club before!
But it's not funny.
Without Incident, The Congress Dances, But Does Not Progress.
There's really nothing to laugh about.
07 Yet, That Room Continues to Play Out the Endless Days.
We should consider the priority of each task
and come up with an order of priority.
That'll work!
Those mean the same thing.
How many times do you want to prioritize?
What's being demanded of us now
is the flexibility of flexible ideas that only young minds can invent!
That's the thing!
Those mean the same thing.
How flexible are we supposed to get?
All right. Now our scheme to drop all of our resources into this event is ready.
I look forward to our next brainstorm!
Getting ready is all we've done...
