The Hero Association has been weakened substantially,
and we still have our main forces in reserve.
Victory is certain for the Monster Association,
Monster King Orochi.
Now, then...
Let's see what the Hero Association will do with their inferior numbers.
Charanko... I'll show you what true martial arts is.
Come at me!
Charanko took him out with one punch!
We now have our top four!
Who will come out on top?!
Class S Heroes
This thing's starting to make my head itchy...
Hey, you're up!
What's wrong? Why are you holding your head like that?
You nervous?
Uh... Yeah...
If I hadn't let my guard down during my fight with you,
I'd probably be holding my head out of nervousness, too.
That last semi-final match was amazing!
Suiryu took the guy down with one kick again.
But the guy you're up against is also pretty nasty.
I think he's the real dark horse of this tournament.
Be careful out there, Charanko!
He's starting to sound like a decent senior disciple...
But I'm not Charanko.
Watchdog Man.
Watchdog Man Class S Rank 12
Here I go.
We're gonna fight one-on-one!
There's more trouble!
A horde of monsters showed up at Watchdog Plaza!
What?!
Numerous monsters have appeared in the suburbs, too!
It's a party!
Stop that! Release them!
I, Dogman, will face you!
You call that poison?
You're not even alive, are you?
Guess you got me. In that case...
Gonna self-destruct now!
The one controlling you is somewhere else!
Do we have an antidote for the poison in City Y yet?!
Not that I know of.
Damn it.
It'll be all right.
They're on the move.
Class S Rank 9 Drive Knight
There are countless monsters appearing, but the Hero Association lacks information.
Choose.
You can die as my tactical transformations inflict all manner of pain upon you,
or you can tell me everything you know and die painlessly.
How dare you disrupt my concert?
You can atone with your deaths.
Found you.
Class S Rank 5 Child Emperor
You were the one controlling that robot, weren't you?
I've finished analyzing the poison. But...
If only I had my backpack...
Class S Rank 10 Pig God
Mr. Pig God!
I heard explosions, so I came to help.
You're in my way!
Die!
Oh, no! Her poison!
Don't worry! I'll save you!
Hork Hork Hork Hork Hork
Mr. Pig God! The poison!
Don't worry. I'm fine.
Burp.
We've received antidote data from the Child Emperor!
Good. Now we can treat those affected by the poison.
The Class S heroes never cease to amaze me.
And now for round two of the semi-finals!
Semi-finals Round 2
Try not to blink during this match!
We have Choze, who's been enjoying the physical destruction of his opponents
more than he really should,
and Charanko, who's settled every battle with one punch so far!
Taking out your opponent with one punch is simple.
But I prefer taking my time and executing them,
to make them realize I'm on a different level.
My family has spent generations breeding superior genes. We are a chosen breed.
And I am their finest creation to date.
I am a completely different species from you commoners.
I will show you how powerful I am in this fight,
and then I shall take over the world!
Jeez, you're dramatic.
So you're basically like a new kind of corn.
You're gonna die.
I can't wait to see you cry and scream your lungs out!
Begin!
H-He took him out with one punch yet again!
Charanko is heading to the finals without a single scratch!
Guess the tournament's over already.
Charanko is just full of surprises!
We've lost contact with the Class A heroes in City I!
Got it. Send a Class S
Hang on!
I hid among the rubble
until more of us showed up.
Now that we have this many Class A heroes here,
you can leave this to us!
Don't even bother.
Mediocre fighters like yourselves would just cause further damage.
Class S Rank 13 Flashy Flash
Mediocre?
Just keep quiet and watch!
This is a Class S hero?
Didn't you just cause even more damage?
Did it work?
I just hit it in its open wounds!
Take this! My special technique...
That's...
Terrible Tornado!
Hey!
We're short on heroes, so why the heck are all of you here fooling around?
We were fighting that octo
Especially you! Flashy Flash, was it?
You need to do better than that if you're actually a Class S!
Ugh, you're all so useless.
How dare you say that after stealing someone's quarry, you fool?
Do you think you're stronger than me?
What if she hears you?!
Don't drag us into your squabbles!
That was unnecessary.
I couldn't do a damn thing!
It appears that Class S heroes are truly troublesome.
They're not a problem.
We can create as many monsters as we want.
Kenkaizan
I'm sure you can guess why I've gathered you here today.
It's in regards to the hero hunter, Garo.
Silverfang is currently pursuing Garo. However...
Silverfang may lose to Garo.
Of course, no one doubts his skills.
But Garo is his former student.
He may become soft.
And that's why we, the Holy Order of the Sword,
should find Garo first and cut him down.
But we'll need more men to track him down.
I'm asking for your help... Your strength as the most powerful swordsmen.
This must be urgent, for you to go to such lengths.
Very well. I'll mobilize my students.
Amahare.
Relying on us is the right move.
Zanbai.
We're worth a thousand men.
Nichirin.
Thank you. I promise I'll repay you
Since when did the members of the Holy Order of the Sword become best friends?
Haragiri.
Our only purpose should be to devote our lives to mastering the art of the sword.
That's enough. You're drunk. You shouldn't
Hang on a second. I've got something to discuss, as well.
Something extra special...
Monster cells.
Taking one into your body gives you super-human strength.
Essentially, it makes you a monster.
You've lost your mind.
Where did you get these?
There's a group called the Monster Association that's made up of monsters.
They happened to reach out to me.
I joined them, forfeiting my humanity, so I could become even stronger.
Did you actually...
That's right!
I'm no longer human! And I've obtained unbelievable power!
And now you shall become monsters, too!
You're a failure, Haragiri.
I have the skill to lop off all of your heads with a single swing!
Anyone who refuses will die!
How sad.
Indeed, it is for you, Atomic Samurai. I've been ordered to kill you either way.
I'll wait three seconds! Now, eat the monster cells!
Three, two, one!
We're not as dumb as you.
Let's go.
First, we have to crush the Monster Association.
And now, the finals of the Super Fight are finally upon us!
Charanko should definitely be at a disadvantage here,
but... could it be?
It might just happen, folks!
It sounds like the crowd's hoping for a huge upset!
But this man's not going to let that happen!
I can't even picture him having a hard time in a match.
It's Suiryu of the Dark Corporeal Fist
versus Charanko of the Fist of Water Polo!
Did this guy figure out I'm wearing a wig?
Who will be our victor?!
Look at that smile on Suiryu's face!
Does he still have the upper hand?
Maybe it's because he's trying to hide
the fact that he's nervous, but Charanko sure has an idiotic expression right now.
This is just how I always look...
Take your stances!
Let's have fun, Charanko.
Huh?
Begin!
It finally begins!
Crap.
Suiryu strikes first!
But for some reason, he stopped his attack!
H-His moves are too fast!
I thought I'd feel things out since this is the final...
But the breeze from his kicks is dangerous!
Is he doing that on purpose?
What's wrong? It's not like you can't see my moves!
Multiple kicks! But he's aborting all of them!
All Charanko's able to do is guard his head!
Has he already lost his will to fight?!
The announcer's got no clue. That was just a warm-up.
You're strong, right? I can tell because I'm strong, too.
I guess he wasn't trying to kick off my wig.
Your eyes... They're not after fame or prestige.
You're looking for fun!
Yeah, could be.
Why did you enter this tournament?
I'm after the prize money, by the way.
I want that, too.
There is one other reason.
I thought it'd be nice if I could fight a decent opponent, too.
Of course, I'm going to win in the end,
but getting there is the fun part.
Fun, huh?
Yeah! It's fun being strong.
I see.
I came here so that I could experience martial arts.
I heard everyone here was tough,
but the matches ended so quickly if I fought back even a little.
What are they talking about?
They must be talking about all the hardships they endured to get to the finals.
At this rate, I thought it might've been pointless for me to even come...
But you might actually be different.
Got it.
Then how about this?
I'll help you experience martial arts,
so in return, do your best to entertain me.
Hey, good idea.
All right, then...
Let's begin.
Here I come!
H-He's even faster now!
Did Suiryu finally get serious?!
It's just gonna keep coming!
He kicked him into the air!
Safe.
Th-That finishes it!
Is Charanko okay?!
Can he stand?
Ch-Charanko!
Their difference in ability was just too great!
Did I end it already?
You scared me for a second.
I really thought my wig was going to fly off this time.
Good.
Otherwise, it'd be no fun!
He's holding out!
If he keeps it up, he might be able to turn the tables!
No. Look at Suiryu. He's only been using kicks so far.
He's holding back so that he can play around more.
You mean...
He's not even serious yet.
Your specialty is your punch, right?
Come on! Hit me!
Entertain me some more!
Did he figure out I was going to counter him?
He's a white belt, but he definitely has some experience.
He's pretty slick for always guarding his head, too.
What do you normally do?
Normally?
Uh, go for walks and defeat monsters?
What? You fight monsters?
You almost sound like a hero.
W-Well, I thought it might be cool to be a hero in the future.
Jeez... Even you aspire to be a hero?
I don't think that hero business is all that great.
I fought some Class A heroes earlier, and they were so weak, it was a joke.
Hero is just some stupid title.
It's supposed to be their profession,
but they won't shut up about good deeds and justice.
People at that level are never going to be able to save the world, though.
Noble aspirations, fine thoughts, lofty ethics, heroic justice...
They're just boring contaminants in my life of seeking fun.
You're strong, too. So you shouldn't be so concerned about such trivial things.
Just live free and have fun.
Oh, did I bum you out?
I'm only giving you some truthful advice because I respect you.
That's a clean hit!
Huh?
Contaminant?
Who the hell cares about that?
You're not the only one doing what you want.
Suiryu, was it?
Let me give you some advice, as well.
If you just want to have fun, you probably shouldn't get any stronger.
Crap! I keep forgetting! I almost cut the fight short again.
Did you see that?!
Wh-What in the world was that?!
I've never seen anything like that!
B-But a shocking truth about Charanko has just been revealed!
It's been discovered that he's been wearing a wig!
The referees are making their move! Could this mean...
Allow me to explain.
After last year's incident where someone impersonated Wolfman,
the rules of this year's tournament changed,
meaning wearing masks or anything on your head is against the rules.
This includes wigs.
Therefore, Charanko is disqualified!
U-Unbelievable! That ends our match!
The winner is Suiryu!
Seriously?
Continue the fight!
Charanko... You're so young, but you were dealing with such hardship?
No, someone was just impersonating him.
Saitama! What's he doing here?
You know him?
We'll be verifying if you're actually who you say you are later.
That's my cue to leave.
Playtime's over.
This is where things get real.
I didn't get to show you my true skills yet!
The platform!
You're not getting away!
U-U-Unbelievable! They're still continuing the match!
I thought you were all about having fun.
Well, losing isn't fun!
That's it!
Fight more!
Finish this!
Things are heating up!
Suiryu's overcome with emotion!
I've never seen him look like that!
Listen up! This is what true martial arts is like!
Dark Body Flying Dragon Fist!
He hits him again, and again, and yet again!
He's not going to stop!
He's... totally unfazed.
The platform's falling apart!
That's some excessive footwork.
He's going in for the kill!
Run!
Even that isn't...
I see. I'm starting to get it.
Do you finally understand something about martial arts?
So basically, martial arts is...
a way to move around all cool-like?
H-How superficial!
That's all he got from all my attacks?!
Guess I'll give it a shot, too.
It'd be pretty cool if I could defeat a monster by doing some spinny move.
Take this seriously!
And he lands a hip attack!
Whoops... My obi...
Man, how lame...
Now's our chance! Grab him!
Shit!
He's making a run for it! Hold it right there!
He's heading for the green rooms! After him!
For the first time...
I was defeated!
That was unprecedented...
That monster was definitely stronger than other monsters!
Goketsu Threat Level: Dragon
The Strong Ones Fight Back
