I've found you, weretiger.
Akutagawa!
Looks like you've improved your acrobatic skills, weretiger.
Why are you here, Akutagawa?
To kill you.
Don't you understand the situation we're in right now?
We may no longer have a place to live.
I don't understand you one bit.
I don't remember ever asking for your understanding.
Oh, dear.
Akutagawa-kun still has a terrible habit of going solo.
All right.
Atsushi-kun, we don't have time to deal with him.
Let's move on.
But...
Don't worry.
Just do as I say, and you'll make it.
Understood.
Akutagawa, I'm speaking to Dazai-san on this intercom.
He wants to talk to you.
Dazai-san!
Dazai-san!
Well hello, Zelda.
How have you been?
Yeah, I apologize for calling you so late.
I heard the news.
You laid off another chef?
They came all the way here from a top-notch European restaurant.
No, I don't blame you.
It's true.
Any cook that doesn't know of your distaste for cream cheese ought to perish.
Yes, she's still studying in London.
I wouldn't forget it for a moment.
Sorry, it appears I have a guest.
I'll call you back.
I love you, Zelda.
That was a brief farewell, boy.
Is this what you're looking for?
Are you the one guarding the control terminal?
Here's the first secret to how I got this far.
The most important part of any job is to not leave anything for others to handle.
By the way, do you know how much the Moby Dick weighs?
It has a total mass of 29,000 tons.
Dropped from an altitude of two kilometers,
it would explode with the force of 140 tons of TNT... Right in the middle of the city.
No one would allow such an atrocity.
The second secret to how I got this far is: don't let the values of others affect you.
With that said, you and I are both busy.
If we have to fight over the control terminal, let's keep things simple.
We'll both run towards it on the count of three.
The first of us to take it is the winner.
If you win, you can do as you like with the Moby Dick.
But if I win, you'll serve me in helping with my search.
One...
Should I take his challenge and run when he does?
Two...
No, I can't trust anyone from the Guild to keep a promise.
I'll outsmart him and take it before his signal, and run!
Three.
Secret number three: It's easy to predict the behavior of anyone who's given an opportunity.
Oh? You aren't going down with that kick?
That's impressive.
Very well.
10,000 may have been insulting.
This is a portion of my securities.
There's 100,000 dollars worth.
I haven't introduced you to my ability yet, have I?
Ability: The Great Fitzgerald.
My ability grants me physical strength equal to the money I spend.
Be proud, boy.
I haven't used 100,000 dollars in a long time.
Of course, Zelda would spend that much in a month.
Now everything is going according to plan.
With crashing the Moby Dick, and with capturing you.
Me?
Our strategist has the ability to make
limited precognitions based on what information she has.
Now that I have you, it would be a pain if you got away.
I should probably remove your arms and legs for good measure.
Oh my, what an unusual guest.
Mister...
Agua?
Aguagar?
Akutagawa.
That's the one.
Episode Twenty-Three Rashoumon, The Tiger, and The Last Emperor
Hey, Kyouka-chan, can you hear me?
It's Dazai.
We negotiated with the Gifted Special Operations Division.
We can bring you back down for now.
I'm going to teach you how to pilot that drone.
No more.
To tell you the truth, the Agency doesn't have a reason to rescue you.
You aren't an official member, after all.
The Agency has an entrance test, and you haven't passed it yet.
The test is to see if you have the heart and strength to help even complete strangers.
I don't think I'd pass.
I don't like that.
A former killer isn't qualified to become a good person.
Do you truly believe that?
Who gave you permission to lie around?
You aren't getting away this time.
Stand up and fight.
Things couldn't get worse.
I was never ready to begin with.
You said earlier that you couldn't understand me.
To me, you're completely incomprehensible.
Those fearful eyes have no faith in your own strength or gift,
yet you always involve yourself in futile battles.
Where do you get that incoherent self-respect?
That's enough, little guy.
I don't like being ignored.
Shut up.
My main course is the weretiger.
I'd like my dessert to sit quietly.
I hate being in second place.
I request our rankings be changed.
Fine.
Did he stop Rashoumon with his bare hands?
For your efforts, I'll teach you the fourth secret to success.
I don't need it.
Rashoumon!
Black Torrent!
Black Torrent
500,000 dollars.
The fourth secret to success: Though there are many forms of strength...
money and influence, gifts, social status... it helps to have all of them, the way I do.
The tiger's gone.
Strength my ass!
Money and gifts don't exist to blow up cities.
Human strength exists to be shared with those who are in the depths of despair.
I'm not surprised that you'd make such a mistake.
Strength doesn't exist to help the weak.
The very essence of money-making is to extract value from the weak.
To then offer that to the weak is to repeat a pointless act,
akin to swinging a door round and round.
Strength must be used more meaningfully.
Do you pretend not to see the lives that are snubbed out to that end?
By the snubbed out lives of the weak...
Do you mean, for example, your past self?
I looked up your history.
You were nearly killed, twice, in your early childhood
by the president of your orphanage.
When he kicked you and broke your ribs, he said to you...
Compared to what your parents did to you in your infancy,
this doesn't even count as violence.
We're slowing down, preparing for descent.
We have just over ten minutes until impact.
I understand.
What?
Stop!
He ran?
I take back what I said about not being able to understand you.
I understand you.
Weretiger, you fight in order to earn permission to live.
Even if that means sacrificing your own life.
Disgusting.
Do you honestly believe, weretiger, that someone is out there to grant you permission?
Did you think that if you put your life on the line fighting for others,
someone will stamp a form certifying that you deserve to live?
Where's the crime in believing that?
You're an utter disappointment.
I never expected you to be such a fool.
I could kill you hundreds of times, and I'd have gained no accomplishments in battle.
Accomplishments in battle.
Indeed.
That is the only true measure of value.
Without any accomplishments in battle, that man would never approve of me.
Not Dazai-san.
Dazai-san?
How does his name fit here?
I've found you, stray dogs.
Kyouka-chan, everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
You clearly have talent in killing.
You think that, therefore, you can't become a member of the Detective Agency.
That's foolish.
I'll prove to you in one second how devoid of reason that belief is.
Kyouka-chan, how many people have you killed with those hands?
35.
A mere 35.
Listen up, Kyouka-chan.
You don't know everything about the Detective Agency.
You don't know everything about yourself.
No one can know everything.
That's what we call potential.
Even Atsushi-kun, who's given you another chance,
was originally a savage beast, deemed a menace.
But now he's risking his own life to do what only he can do, in order to protect this city.
That's it.
The cargo elevator.
His ability is way out of my league.
I don't stand a chance.
I need to think of a way to steal the terminal when I have a chance.
You're as foolish as ever.
What?
This box takes us to the inescapable deck service door.
We are the ones who have been cornered.
No.
Nothing could be more shameful than to have been defeated once by the likes of you.
Especially knowing that you're so worthless that you ask others for your own right to live.
You're right, I'm worthless.
But you're a murderer with no purpose but to flaunt your strength.
I'm a hundred times better.
Say that again.
You have plenty of power and status.
You fight just so that people fear you.
That's way more worthless.
Take that back!
I have power and status?
I'll tell you why I called you disgusting.
It's because you're a fool who continues to mope about old wounds despite having everything.
What?
What did you say I am?
You're blessed with your gift.
You're blessed with friends.
With no effort and with nothing but sheer luck, you're revered and praised by Dazai-san.
You don't even understand how lucky you are.
You dwell in your own tragedy.
You're a disgusting fool!
Without any accomplishments in battle, that man would never approve of me.
Not Dazai-san.
Dazai-san?
Don't tell me you've always been...
That's enough of playing tag.
In less than ten minutes, the Moby Dick will enter into an irrevocable trajectory.
At that point, not even this terminal will be able to stop it from falling into the city.
Only I will survive, as I've strengthened myself with my ability.
Hey, nouveau riche, if I defeat someone as strong as you, will I no longer be weak?
I'll guarantee it.
Then I won't regret dying as many times as it takes.
Rashoumon! Demonic Armor!
Is he overriding my actions with his gift?
Akutagawa is so strong, yet he thinks of himself as weak.
He's preposterous!
How many people has his selfishness killed?
Tiger, grant me strength once again.
Just like last time.
Get out of my way, weretiger!
You get out of my way!
Dazai-san, my ass!
You're even more worthless!
Nonsense.
You're more worthless than I am!
This is amusing.
You're both very much alike.
What?!
Don't...
This technique makes my black armor double as muscle.
My body is too feeble to last.
Taking a break, Akutagawa?
Shut up.
You're next.
The control terminal comes first.
If this ship hits the city, Dazai-san will be obliterated, too.
That man wouldn't die so easily.
Tiger beetle, tell me, is there anything in this world
aside from family worth sacrificing everything for?
I'll take the book, and I'll bring my daughter back into this world.
Your daughter?
My wife, Zelda, unable to accept our daughter's death, became mentally ill.
To this day, she hides in her fantasy that our daughter is studying abroad in London.
I'm going to make that fantasy a reality, and reclaim my family.
No matter what the cost is.
My wealth is dispensable.
I'll pay all of it!
He's off the scales.
It's like standing in front of a massive tornado.
This is the will of the Guild's leader?
Akutagawa...
What?
Am I a fool?
Is it worthless of me to want to escape from those memories?
It is.
The words of your past are fundamentally unrelated to who you are now.
I see.
I think Dazai-san already approved of you a long time ago.
Come!
Beast Beneath the Moonlight!
Rashoumon Demonic Armor!
Episode 24
If I May Shed Away My Burden Now
