Weve fought under gravity several times now, remember?
You judge a man by his looks”!
Randy, youre the one who always says that!
Sorry to interrupt your meal!
Youve been ordered to sortie!
The Wulgaru army has broken past our absolute defense zone!
Defensive Battle at Cosmopolitan Academy (First Part)”
Delish! Ashagi, ish dis your weal calling in life?
Why are you eating?
The operation has already started!
Im bored stiff after all of this waiting.
Hey, Izuru! How was your date with Teoria?
How,” huh? Everyone saw how it went down, right?
We only got to talk for a bit before I was summoned.
But-but a date is still a date!
You suddenly grew closer or something along those lines, right?
Well, Ill admit I do think weve grown closer.
Ange is running late!
What could be keeping her?
Black 6 is already in position to sortie and will be
working independently of you.
We just received an emergency call from Captain Amane.
Our vessel will change its current course and return to Earth.
However, Black 6 will continue to head toward the frontlines.
Weve identified an enemy detachment headed for Earth.
We believe they are targeting Gurantseere Cosmopolitan Academy.
Our school...?
The allied armies of Bela-Russia,
the Great Chinese Alliance and the MJP
are currently fighting the Wulgaru fleet that
has broken past the absolute defense zone.
However, we noticed a detachment
that is acting independently of the main fleet.
Here is an image of the enemy squad headed toward Earth.
Its a small group...
Doesnt the fighter in front
look like the one Ange just recently thrashed?
Why are they going after the academy?
According to Commander Simon,
they probably intend to steal some DNA samples from the school.
There are signs that the enemy stole a
vast amount of Earths data the other day.
This attack is probably related to the information they obtained.
At the moment, our vessel is the closest one to Earth.
Earth will also launch their reserve fleet.
We are to go and offer our support.
Klein, what are you doing there?
You have not received orders to sortie.
Im not going to let you hog all of the glory.
Im going to take these lamata for myself!
Restrain yourself, Klein!
The purpose of this operation
is to verify the information Lumes has obtained.
It is a reconnaissance mission to determine whether or not
the Earthlings possess prime DNA samples on their home world.
Furthermore, your wounds have not yet healed.
These injuries cant hold me back!
If the genes are there, Ill simply swipe them all!
Im gonna restore the honor Ive lost!
Klein!
These are my lamata!
Lumes, remain where you are for the time being.
No. We shall charge through, just as planned.
With two squads, this will make a coordinated effort all the easier.
Going by the looks of it,
Klein may very well fire at friend and foe alike.
Remain on standby for now and see how things progress.
My fleet shall work to maintain our current standing.
Very well, Sir.
My plans have gone horribly awry...
No... Perhaps he predicted that there was a chance this may happen.
Here is the information on Earth that I obtained the other day.
According to this, the Earthlings have a facility where they
combine advanced genes on their
home planet to produce highly advanced individuals.
What an absurd species.
Ultimately, they have created nothing but a poor imitation of our civilization.
Yet even so, fascinating individuals can appear on occasion.
If not for that, this would be far too tiresome.
Here is the information on Pleguzesia Teoria and Daneel.
As suspected, they are on Earth.
My prediction was right.
Perhaps my younger sisters genes were calling out to me...
It would seem that Pleguzesia is near this facility.
I do not know if those of Earth apprehended her
or if she went to Earth on her own accord.
Have you reported to my brother yet?
I have not told anyone.
I felt that it would be appropriate to report to you first.
Keep it that way.
Henceforth, you are to be my eyes and ears as you
continue to gather information.
Is it safe to assume that you
do not want me to submit an official report?
I do not want to distress my older brother.
And if this information came to light,
ambitious fools would try their upmost best to topple our clan.
What is my younger sister doing on Earth?
Until that is made clear, do not tell anyone.
Understood.
I will speak with my brother
and see to it that you are sent to Earth.
But I must take other measures, just in case.
To think that he had foreseen that I may not land on Earth...
Pleguzes Jiart...
Just how far can his eyes see into the future?
I imagine the Wulgaru fleet were currently facing on the frontlines
is a diversion meant to draw our attention.
I think their real target is Earth.
Isnt this the first time theyve landed a direct attack on Earth?
I hope everyone evacuates in time...
We just received some new information from Commander Simon.
The commander of the enemys infiltration squad is Klein.
Supposedly he is one of the Wulgarus Military Commanders.
A Military Commander?
Whats that? Sounds kinda tough!
Once youve entered combat air space, launch out of your cockpits.
After that, our main ship will engage in artillery combat.
Everyone, prepare to sortie.
Here are the routes we expect the enemy to take to Earth.
Its hard to say whether we can catch up with them or not.
In the end, they may breach the earths atmosphere.
The GDFs reserve fleet has reached the first line of defense.
They will engage in combat.
Do you think those measly ships are enough to stop me?
Speed up! Were gonna send these wimps reeling!
Topeka of the GDF squadron Providence has been severely damaged!
Galveston and Little Rock have been destroyed.
The enemy fleet hasnt suffered any losses!
They will enter range within 20 seconds.
All ships, prepare to launch an assault.
You are free to use all of your artillery.
Commence fire once enemy fighters are within range.
Your targets are the enemy squad on track for Earth!
The enemy fighters seem to have rather advance evasion systems.
Im not sure if well hit them...
We dont have to hit them.
We just have to slow them down a bit.
I never expected our main ship to engage in actual combat...
That goes to show how dire the situation is.
Depending on how things go, we may find ourselves
strapped to a gun.
That isnt funny!
I always get a Rank C at target practice.
All ships, blast off!
Reinforcements?
But I dont have time to play with them!
Youre in the way!
The enemy squad has suffered minor damages!
The enemies are moving at high speeds,
allowing them to dodge our attacks.
Even when we do hit them, it doesnt do anything.
As suspected, it looks like they are equipped with
high-performance defense systems.
Yeah... Theyll get away if we use normal shells and artillery.
But that might work...
Do you have an idea?
I modified the weapon we used at Ceres.
Its a powerful long-range optical weapon
that pierces through objects at the speed of light.
But Im afraid the enemy will notice before we can fire a shot
if we dont snipe from a substantial distance.
Crap! At this rate, theyre gonna break through.
But their speed has definitely dropped.
If they maintain this pace, we should make it in time.
We have to stop the Wulgaru!
We cant let them lay a single finger on our old school.
Your assignment is to evaluate yourself and then surpass yourself.
Youve reached the designated airspace!
Team Rabbits, prepare to sortie.
But we are going to change Gold 4s armament.
Were changing it?
Team Rabbits, blast off!
Go to Hell!
You still havent seen nothin yet!
I dare you to come at me all at once, you pathetic wimps!
Even in mass, youre nothing before the great Black 6!
Thats one feisty pilot, huh?
Supposedly this is Ange Kurokis fighting style.
Compared to him, Patrick is...
Tamaki isnt coming, is she...?
Get yer act together, Patrick!
What happened to all that vigor you had just a minute ago?
It looks like Im the type that uses love as energy in my fights...
Go meet your maker!
Oh, Tamaki...
Dang, theyre the polar opposites.
Black 6, huh?
I hope this is the only time we have to
fight alongside someone like him.
They dived into inner space!
Lets go after them!
Wait! Were outfitted for fighting in outer space.
If we get caught in Earths gravity,
well become shooting stars and get burned to a crisp!
Red 5 and Blue 1,
use Rose 3 as a shield and descend to Earth.
Will that actually work?
Rose 3 is capable of entering the earths atmosphere in its basic form.
If you cling to the back of Rose 3 while its shield is up,
Blue 1 and Red 5 should be able to handle the entry.
Purple 2, stay there on standby.
Help direct the units and coordinate their formations.
Roger. I will begin calculating their speed of descent and angle of incidence.
Were off and away!
Im sending you my orbital calculations.
Rose 3 is faster than their fighters,
so youll just barely beat them there.
But if you stray from this course even a little,
youll wind up at a totally different location. Be careful!
Got it! Im heading on out!
Were falling!
My units surface temperature is rapidly increasing!
Were still in the green!
Tamaki, up the speed!
Rose 3, you can do it!
We made it!
Whoa!
Did your unit get damaged?
Its just heavier than I was expecting.
Relax!
As long as you keep your cool, you can handle this!
Got it! Keep my cool... Keep my cool...
I cant believe were running away when the enemy is right there!
It cant be helped...
Whats going on up there?
Its the Fail Five!
The Fail Five?
Yeah! Blue 1, Rose 3 and Red 5 are up there fighting!
You mean Izuru, Asagi and Tamaki?
Hang in there! Fight!
One fighter down!
I can see our school from here!
Its going to take a while before Gold 4 is ready.
Please buy some time!
There are a bunch of enemy fighters!
Tell us what to do, Kei.
Klein is their primary fighter.
Someone mark him while the other two deal with the remaining fighters.
Izuru, you should defeat Klein.
Tamaki and I will handle the others.
Huh? But...
Red 5 is superior in combat.
Leave the others to us.
You do your job as the ace!
All right. Im leaving the rest to you.
Izuru was Team Rabbits ace pilot?!
I hate to admit it, but hes a better pilot than either of us.
So we should focus on doing what we can.
Dang! And here I thought I was our ace pilot!
Great!
All three of them have high Harmonic Levels, especially Blue 1.
This may be his highest level yet.
The primitive creature I fought last time?
Excellent!
Lets have a return match!
My weapons dont work on him...
What should I do?
Thanks for waitin!
Gold 4 is now on the scene!
Izuru and the others have already made contact with the enemy.
Please prepare to fire immediately.
Dont be in such a rush!
Optical weapons take a delicate touch.
They pierce through the enemy at the speed of light,
so as long as your aim is good, there is zero chance of them dodging!
In exchange, they require pin-point accuracy.
And there is a crazy huge distance between me and my target!
Ive gotta account for the earths rotation, vibrations in the atmosphere
and even gravitational interference!
Hey, at least I dont have to worry about the Coriolis Effect
like I do when sniping on Earth.
To top it off, Ive gotta fire at max power.
So once I let her rip, itll take a while before I can fire again.
Even on Earth, Im probably the only person
capable of pulling this mission off!
Well help adjust the lasers sight.
But since the enemy is moving,
everything ultimately rests on the skill of the gunner.
Be careful.
I know, I know! You can count on me!
I want something if I pull this off.
Like one of the GDFs G-11, Steyr-ACE or IWS-2000!
All right. Ill take it into consideration.
Fer real?!
You may pull the trigger when youre ready,
but dont take too long.
I know you can do it.
Youre really pilin on the pressure by actin all nice...
Gold 4 is ready to snipe.
Do something to restrict the enemys movements.
In that case-!
Now youve done it, primitive creature!
How dare you make me lick your planets dirt!
Hurry, while the enemy is still dazed!
Dont push me!
If Im not careful, Izuru might get caught in the blast!
Defensive Battle at Cosmopolitan Academy (Second Part)”
