The fifth match,
the exam with Team Uraraka and Aoyama against Thirteen,
is in its final stages...
Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Naval Laser Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity
We were so close!
Pro Hero - Thirteen - Quirk: Black Hole
Oh no, I won't let you get away!
This isn't good. We'll get caught!
Think!
Think about how to get out of this!
Think!
What would Deku do in a time like this...
Hey.
Hold on! Right now, I'm-
You were thinking about what Izuku Midoriya would do, weren't you?
Do you...
You should not fight on your opponent's field
Pro Hero - Gunhead
but on your own field, see?
What?
Whee!
What I learned with Gunhead just happened to come in handy right now!
Stripping the Varnish
Team Aoyama and Uraraka have passed!
Nice judgment, Uraraka!
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog
I can't believe she thought to use her opponent's power to get in close!
Ribbit...
To me, it looked like Ochaco just happened to let go, though...
Really?
Yes. I wonder what she was talking about with Aoyama right before she let go?
Who knows? We can't hear what they're saying over here.
Recovery Girl's Temporary Nurse's Office
Uraraka passed, huh? I don't expect any less.
Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation
Congrats to you and Yaoyorozu, too!
Ribbit!
Thanks, Midoriya.
I wonder which team will take the practical exam next?
The sixth match is Team Ashido and Kaminari.
They will be up against Principal Nezu.
The principal, huh?
I wonder how he'll fight...
We must watch carefully.
-Yeah. -Ribbit.
Team Ashido and Kaminari, practical exam.
Ready, go!
Kaminari, what do you wanna do?
Basically, run.
Even if we're found, the principal's small,
so I should be able to take care of him with my electricity.
Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid
Ashido, you shouldn't use your Quirk!
It'll be bad if you melt the principal.
Yeah, right?
What's that sound?
It's not the principal... is it?
Run!
Kaminari, what's going on?!
I dunno, but I'm sure the principal's behind it!
That's right.
The principal's riding in the crane?!
But how is he attacking them...?
He's so far away from them.
It's probably with his forecasts.
Forecasts?
Yes. What's more, he probably reached those through sophisticated calculations.
What chain reaction will be caused depending on what I break where...
Those calculations are as easy as making a cup of tea.
And you two aren't noticing...
Intellectual-type villains will sit back and watch from the sidelines.
Nezu - Quirk: High Specs
Principal Nezu. Quirk: High Specs.
He's an animal with a Quirk that makes him smarter than humans!
He's a unique being that you won't find anywhere else in the world!
Pro Hero - Recovery Girl - Quirk: Heal
Humans did a bunch of experiments on Nezu in the past,
so in times like this, he can't help but let out his true self.
Kaminari, you can't do anything with your electricity?
I don't know where he is, so I can't waste my shots.
Do you want a dead weight on your hands?
Anyway, all we can do is run!
Which way's the escape gate?
Probably... this way!
No way...!
Is he trying to bury us alive?
There's still a way out!
Come on, use your heads! Think carefully! Rack your brains!
Kaminari, this way!
Okay!
We'd end up taking a detour,
but if we go out through the other side to the escape gate...
He's one step ahead of everything they can think of.
And they can't attack if they don't know where the principal is.
His plan is so completely perfect...
In the end, they couldn't make it to the escape gate before time ran out,
and-
Team Ashido and Kaminari retires due to running out of time.
-Damn it! -Man!
And I left one escape route for you, too. Too bad.
Kaminari... Ashido...
They really couldn't do a thing.
They must be very frustrated.
What? Mina's team lost?
Yes. The principal's strategy was too perfect.
Really? That's too bad!
Uraraka, congratulations on passing!
Thanks! You too, Iida!
Ochaco, when you were fighting against Thirteen,
what were you talking to Aoyama about?
Hm? We were talking about...
Do you... like him?
-What's the matter, Uraraka? -Th-That's not it! It's not!
-Your face is red. Are you sick? -It's not! It's not!
Something happened, huh, Ochaco?
Team Koda and Jiro, practical exam.
Ready, go!
Let's avoid combat with Present Mic if possible and head toward the escape gate.
Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack
Sound good?
All right, let's go!
The practical exam matches up students with the teachers
they'd have the hardest time with on purpose, right?
Yes.
It's easy to understand Jiro and Koda's match up.
Ribbit.
They're up against Mr. Present Mic.
The two of them have sound-related Quirks.
What will they do against a Quirk that drowns out sound?
Do your best!!
Come on, let's hurry up and finish this.
I don't like working with ardor in an arbor like this.
Arbor Ardor
Yeahhh!
So loud...!
Koda! You can control animals with your Quirk, right?
Can't you get the birds to attack him or something?
Even if I wanted to order them to do that,
Present Mic's Voice
will make the animals run away!
Even if I plug my ears, I feel like my eardrums would burst.
He's not just better...
He's like a new and enhanced version!
I can't even get close to him!
Even if we got close to him,
whether to handcuff him or escape through the gate,
he's probably in front of the gate, so we wouldn't be able to avoid fighting him.
Hurry up and...
My ears...!
You coming yet?
I can't take this anymore! I can't...
Present Mic - Quirk: Voice
Present Mic. Quirk: Voice.
He's got crazy volume, crazy high pitches, and crazy low tones.
'Put Your Hands Up' Radio Every Friday night from 1 a.m. to 5 a.m. on HERO FM! It's a nonstop blast! Please listen
With his first cry, his parents and the delivery doctor had blood coming out of their ears.
By the way, the device on his neck is a directional speaker.
Hurry up!
If this keeps up, our eardrums'll be shot.
What should we do?
An ant?
Koda! Can you control bugs?
There was a bug! A little ant.
He's not good with bugs, huh?
There you are!
This isn't good... For now...
Cancel out!
What a cheap sound.
Do you have a plan?
-What should we- -You coming yet?
W-We need some way to break out of this!
At this rate, we won't even be able to get close to him.
What a joke!
Koda...
Just tell me if it's possible for you to control bugs or not.
It's possible...
Then...
Sorry, I know it's scary, but...
Hey...!
I can't think of anything else!
If you can do it, we might be able to win!
You can do it. You want to be a hero, don't you?
If so, then let's pass this!
Jiro's ears are...
Because I've just been running away, Jiro's...
You got into U.A.?
As your mom, I'm so happy!
Koji, you're amazing!
That's right, I got into my dream school, U.A.!
That's right, my heart should always be Plus Ultra!
tremble tremble tremble
Go on, little ones. Now is the time to take out the man responsible for the noise.
-You can totally talk! -Listen...
What, are they planning on hiding until time's up?
They're coming from underground, where it's hard for sound to travel...!
This is why I hate forests!
That's hard even for a pro...
Koda, that's harsh...
How pathetic, to be taken down by some bugs!
Team Koda and Jiro have passed!
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 5/30 Height: 168 cm Blood Type: O Likes: Himself
Yuga Aoyama Quirk: Naval Laser He can shoot a strong laser beam from his bellybutton.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 2/1 Height: 186 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Nature
Koji Koda Quirk: Anivoice He can put his will into his voice and make animals do as he says.
Eighth Match Team Hagakure and Shoji vs Snipe
Shoji, at this rate, we can't move at all!
Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms
Calm down, it's just a diversion.
Even so, escaping will be a Herculean task.
The only consolation is that our opponent's movements are slowed by the weights.
Now, let's see who's better at hide-and-seek.
A smoke bomb?
Is he trying to obstruct our view?
But he'll have to deal with it, too.
Pro Hero - Snipe - Quirk: Homing
However, I can feel your presence.
Are you all right, Hagakure?
Hagakure?
So that's what she's doing.
You're being too rash!
Aren't you giving up a little too easily?
Got him!
When did you-
Bounce?
Mr. Snipe!
It was a misunderstanding! It was beyond my control! I didn't do it on purpose...!
Team Hagukure and Shoji have passed!
As expected, Hagakure is a cut above when it comes to covert activities!
Shoji also did a good job helping by drawing Mr. Snipe's attention away from her.
-Ribbit. -Yeah!
Team Mineta and Sero, practical exam.
Ready, go!
Deku, you're up next, right?
You're not going to the exam area?
Oh, yeah, it is, but I'll watch everyone fight until the last minute.
It's useful to see how everyone's using their Quirks,
but I also feel like I'm getting strength from watching them.
Everyone's really amazing.
Even if they couldn't pass, they fought until the end...
They're all excellent U.A. students who never give up!
Yeah!
Well...
There's one...
Mineta?!
Damn it! How can I take this stupid test?!
Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off
This is crap! It's completely unfair! How can I take such an unfair test?!
But he was looking forward to the training camp so much!
Why is he so ready to run away?
If it's gotten that far, it might be hard for him...
For this practical exam, All Might, Mic, Cementoss,
and Midnight are all especially hard.
Depending on the person,
it isn't hard to imagine someone being checkmated or feeling like they are.
Midnight - Quirk: Somnambulist
Midnight. Quirk: Somnambulist.
She can make people fall asleep with the fragrance coming from her body.
It works better on boys than girls!
It's working, it's working.
Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape
Grape Juice, the gate's in the opposite direction.
Sero, damn it! I won't forgive you!
Why is he crying blood?
Maybe because he's jealous of Sero?
Sero, you bastard!
Look out!
Don't get too close, Mineta!
Chest!
And-
Knees!
If Sero hadn't saved me, then I'd be in that position right about now!
Mineta...
It might be hard for a kid like that to survive in this place.
What do you mean?
In order to keep overcoming those walls without losing steam,
the students need a concrete goal to focus on.
It's not so easy a path that one can climb it with vague feelings
of wanting to be a hero.
Even if they do become heroes,
people whose end goal is to become a hero have no future.
In the end, is there a goal in that child's heart that he can focus on?
I want to touch a woman's body... I want to be popular with the ladies...
He's very direct.
What the heck? Why is my exam the only one like this...?
Just one sniff and you'll fall asleep and be forced to retire...
Jeez!
Mineta, did you really come to U.A. wanting to be a hero?
Shut up, what's wrong with that?
What? No way, is it really true?
Yeah, I'm serious! Wanna go together next time?
Yeah, sure!
I wanted to be popular with girls. That's why I wanted to be a hero.
I thought that I'd be popular once I became a hero.
I thought that I'd be popular...!
I thought I'd stay enshrined in front of the gate until time ran out,
but I suppose that's too inconsiderate.
If someone runs away from me screaming,
my sadistic side starts to throb so much I can't help it.
This is it! The eyes of a predator who's cornered its prey!
You really are toeing the line there, Midnight!
That's right, whether it's through your nose or your mouth...
If you take just one breath, it'll be over for you.
What do you think you can do in that state?
That's right! You'd run, right?
That's not it.
After coming to this school and having a brush with death, I realized...
It's not that they're cool because they're heroes...
They're heroes because they're cool!
Right, Midoriya?
Just how long do you plan on keeping that up while holding your breath?
That's not it...
It's not that I'm a fan of pervy heroes like you!
I ran away from the gate, and whined,
and fanned your sadistic side and drew you all the way here...
I did all that in order to be cool!
Are you saying you had me in the palm of your hand?
That's fine. I won't let you!
Your fragrance won't work like this!
Sero's Tape!
Can you fight in that state of suffocation?
There's no need to fight.
Because my special move...
Grape Rush!
You're pretty amazing.
He got her stuck far away from the gate
so her Somnambulist wouldn't be able to reach!
Oh, he's pretty clever.
He had me completely fooled.
Thinking it through, wanting to be popular with girls is also a goal one can focus on.
Jeez.
Do your best!!
If you hadn't tried to save me,
then I wouldn't have had to work this hard.
Good job!!
Just this once, we'll save the boobs for another day!
Team Mineta and Sero have passed!
All right, they passed!
Mineta's plan worked!
Ribbit.
Deku, it's your...
Mineta, congrats!
I'll also try to become a great hero so that I won't lose to the others in our clas...
Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion
Team Midoriya and Bakugo,
practical exam.
Ready, go!
Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All
Preview
Here's the preview!
The last match of the practical exam is Kacchan and me versus All Might!
In order for us to win against All Might...
Kacchan!
I told you, your power isn't needed to pass!
There's no way we can win if we fight him head on!
I'll win... Because that's what it means to be a hero!
Next time, Katsuki Bakugo: Origin!
I only look at victory! That's all!
Go beyond!
Next time: Katsuki Bakugo: Origin
Plus Ultra!
