Fujimiya Girls' High School
It's already been a month since school started.
Hina-chan, have you gotten used to school?
Yes, it's a lot of fun!
Our theater society is still going on, too.
I still don't do well in front of people, though...
But I have you, Mayu-chan, Kuu-chan, and our landlady, too.
And I've made friends...
Yua-chan!
M-Morn
Wh-What's with you?
Hey, wait for me!
Are they friends?
Y-Yeah...
Scarecrow Heroine
Theater Club
Okay, we'll begin our full practice in five minutes.
Make sure you all do your warm-ups.
Right!
Is something wrong?
Um, I'm just curious...
Why is there a child in the club room?
Come to think of it, she's been coming here for a few days.
None of the other members have said anything...
Actually, it seems like they've been practicing a lot harder these past few days...
The landlady seems that way, too.
Since she's standing next to the landlady, could she be...
She's so well-developed!
She's not the landlady's daughter, is she?!
How old would she have been when she had her?!
Hey, you two!
Eh?
You really don't know who that is?
Yua-chan...
You know who that girl is?
She's Kuroyanagi Ruriko, a famous child actress!
You've never seen her on TV?
N-No.
Now for our next story.
We only had three channels back home.
Here I come!
I guess you can't help that.
Kuroyanagi Ruriko is only nine,
but her acting rivals that of any adult.
She's a super celebrity said to come along only once every century!
The contrast between her cool personality and passionate acting is part of her charm!
Ruri-chan, you're very cute.
Want some candy?
Eh?
Were you even listening to me?!
Sensei.
(Woman)Countess: Now, why don't we sing? To enjoy this night, this moment, the present. Isn't that what people do? -The countess looks around, giving Pino a menacing glare (Man)Pino: But there is no heart here. How are we supposed to sing without heart? How are we supposed to enjoy that? -Trio flinches slightly, but manages a word (Woman)Countess: But there is heart. -Delzoi, without losing heart (Man)Delzoi: But where? I can't see it at all. You say something that doesn't exist, exists, and something that does exist, actually doesn't. You're quite difficult, aren't you? -Countess, while giving a mysterious smile (Woman)Countess: Right now... Right now, there isn't. There's no way there could be. -Pino, interrupting (Man)Pino: Then why is singing... -Duchess, without any agitation
I'm Kuroyanagi Ruriko.
I'm here as a special instructor to serve as this club's advisor.
I returned to Japan recently after completing my theater training.
Does that mean she's the advisor we heard about?
Which means it's her fault the theater club was forced into hiatus, right?
Hey, Kuu-chan!
Hey! You can't
No, she is right.
I cast aside my job as this theater club's advisor.
At that time, I was beginning to lose my confidence and motivation
to teach and guide all of you as your advisor.
Wow...
Hard to believe she's nine years old.
So I went overseas to learn theater from square one.
The Palais Garnier, La Scala, the Vienna State Opera...
I visited theaters in many countries, and met many people.
In doing so,
I learned what is most important as both an actor and a teacher.
Amazing!
And so, I returned to Japan.
Now is the time to show the fruits of my training.
Wh-Where?
On TV? In movies?
No.
In this theater club's performance at the upcoming culture festival.
After you went all the way to Europe to train?
Yes. I went there to train as an advisor, and nothing more.
The culture festival is in one month, right?
That soon?!
Aki-chan, let's eat lunch.
Sure.
Oh, so the club's advisor is back?
So it'll go back to being the theater club again?
No...
She said she had some things to think about,
so she wants it to remain a society for the culture festival.
I see...
But the members must be really psyched up, right?
Yeah.
I am, too.
I'd love to see Hina-chan and the Kuu-chan practicing!
In the club room?
Yeah! She practices in her room every day, right?
Like her vocal practices with Kuu-chan.
And stretches...
I know she's working hard,
so I want to see the results of that firsthand.
Well, okay...
Sh-She's not getting it at all.
Mayu-chan!
Hina-chan... you were able to do it at home...
There are so many club members, it makes me nervous...
I understand, but...
I know!
You know how they say to imagine people as vegetables when you're nervous?
Vegetables?
Like pumpkins, or daikon...
Daikon? Pumpkins?
Pumpkin-kin-kin-kin!
Mayu-chan, I'm scared!
Yeah...
Okay, one more time.
What should I do? If I freeze up again...
Shouldn't you use these steps for this song?
Mayu-chan, you're such a good dancer!
That should work, I think.
You're good!
I-I'm g-g-going
Join our performance!
A girl as cute as you will become a star in no time!
I-I'm not good at that sort of... I mean... um...
She caught Hina-chan's scarecrow problem.
I'll be going...
I-I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
No, that's all right.
I know you're all practicing, but please stop for a moment.
There's something I'd like all of you to hear.
What are you doing?!
The advisor has something to say!
No, I don't mind.
Eh?
Please play this.
This is...
You can sing it, right?
Huh? Uh, yes...
Huh?
All right, from the top.
Walking home on a starry night
All alone, I start to cry
She's amazing!
I'll softly wipe my tears away,
Yeah...
Then look up at the light and start walking
Shining star!
My eyes, when they begin to sparkle,
Are just like the stars
Yes, born to make my dream shine!
Shining star!
U-Um...
Amazing!
Hina-chan, you're a great singer!
Your voice is so pretty!
U-Um... really?
Yes, really!
Maybe it's because I always sang
La, la, la, la to call red foxes back home?
I've been wondering...
What part of the country did Hina-chan come from?
Somewhere up north?
Okay!
Here's your black tea and coffee.
Thanks for helping me this morning, Hina-chan.
Not at all.
As a resident of Hitotose Manor, I need to work, too.
We don't have many customers yet.
You don't have to work so hard.
There are no customers left.
I think we should have some more around lunch time.
Aki-chan!
Hey, are you free right now?
Want to go get ice cream from the place by the station?
Sorry... I'm going to a play.
Aww, again?
Yeah. I finally grabbed an empty seat.
You should hang out with me sometimes!
Which is more important to you, me or theater?
There, there.
Take care of the coffee shop for me, okay?
Okay, I'll be going now.
Thank you very much.
Th-Thank
We had more lunch customers than usual.
You were a big help, Hina-chan.
Not at all.
Aki-chan's late...
Come here!
What are you doing?
I thought maybe you wanted attention!
Eh? Don't treat me like a baby!
Did you want to spend time with the landlady today?
Then you should've just gone to the play with her.
Well, there's the shop...
And I guess you can't leave me in charge, huh?
I'm not interested in theater, anyway.
Besides, the small theater troupe Aki-chan went to see today
only does horror shows.
And their lead actress always acts so realistically
that a lot of people say they can't sleep the night after seeing her.
Wow, you know a lot about it, huh, Mayu-chan?
I-I do not!
I just got curious and looked into it a little!
Isn't that what they call being interested?
If I had to say whether I'm interested or not, maybe I am...
But theater is all Aki-chan ever talks about.
Maybe you're just at a difficult age.
I told you not to treat me like a baby!
Something smells tasty.
Is that lunch?
Sorry it's a little late.
Let's have lunch.
Don't mind if I do!
By the way, what were you having so much fun talking about?
Oh, you could hear us?
Just faintly.
Well... um...
The landlady is infatuated with theater,
and, um... Mayu-chan wanted to get some ice cream by the station,
and Mayu-chan isn't interested in theater...
Huh? I'm not really sure anymore...
Hey! You don't have to talk about that!
Hmm...
So basically, she's jealous of theater because the landlady never has time for her, right?
What? Really?
How'd you figure it out from that?!
Wait, is that the reason why you said you didn't want to be in theater?
Yeah.
When it comes to theater,
Aki-chan loses sight of everything else.
Yeah, she really does love it.
And the club's advisor just came back, too.
Yeah, I'm happy that she's motivated again because of that...
But that also means she pays no attention to me at all.
That's why I wish she wouldn't get so absorbed in theater...
A maiden's heart is a complex thing.
Okay, got it.
We'll fill that hole in your heart.
Come here!
Why are you both doing that?!
The landlady sure is late getting back.
And she just left the shop like that!
When she gets back, I'm gonna let her have it!
The landlady isn't obligated to work here, is she?
I'm back.
Aki-chan, you're late!
Sorry.
Um, I brought this back as a gift.
It's from the place by the station...
You remembered!
Sorry I haven't had time to hang out lately.
Let's have ice cream together.
Yeah!
You like it?
Yeah!
They're like a mother and child. How heartwarming.
They look like some goofy couple to me.
As you can see,
in each country, theater is searching for new forms of expression.
We need to polish our acting every day
so we don't fall behind, either.
The results of your studies abroad are pretty amazing.
That's not all.
Studying abroad greatly stimulated my creative urges,
so I wrote these scripts.
That many?!
Impressive...
This is the greatest masterpiece of them all.
We will perform this at the culture festival.
And Everyone Is Part of the ABC Tragedy Case File!
This could be my chance!
Yeah! If I'm chosen to play the heroine in this masterpiece...
You, there.
Would you like to play the heroine?
Yes! I'd love to!
You meant her?!
M-M-Me? The heroine?
Yes. You are the heroine.
What?!
Direction 6: After standing one 1.8 meter pole and one 2.7 meter pole straight up until they reached the bottom of the pool, the difference in length above the water's surface was 2:5. Write how deep the pool is in meters, including the decimal value. -No idea -Small! -Long legs Curry
-Jiggle -Bunny with beautiful legs
B-But I'm a new member, and I don't know anything about acting...
Th-That's right! I'm a better actress than she is!
Hinako is just a ham actor with no talent or experience!
The point is, this failshrimp can't play the heroine!
Ahem.
The image I have in mind for the heroine is perfect for Hinako-san.
Image?
Yes, like her singing and her voice...
And her proportions.
Amazing! You were hand-picked!
Good luck, heroine!
N-No... um...
I-I'll... t-try my besht...
Are you okay?
Miss Landlady...
You're soaked with sweat.
I'm sorry I did that to you without warning!
I just wanted you to be my heroine so much...
I'm absolutely confident in this script.
I want to make it the perfect production,
just like I envisioned it!
And I need your help to do that, Hinako-san!
Ruri-chan...
O-Okay! I'll do my best!
So don't cry, okay?
Thank... you.
Today's club goal! -Make sure the club journal is published in time Deadline is strict! -Let's give the advisor a report at least 3 days in advance Sensei, sorry to always keep you waiting
Shopping list -B5 copy paper -Screen tones -Copics Buy? *Negotiable
I know!
I can't believe Hina-chan was picked to play the lead, just like that!
I can't believe it, either.
Will I really be able to play the heroine?
That depends on what you do from here, I think.
You mean it depends on how much I practice, right?
Why don't we practice right now?
Yeah. I did get the script.
That's it, then!
Okay, Hina-chan,
pretend it's the real show and give it a try!
Hina-chan, keep it together!
No one's even watching...
Wh-When I thought of this as the real show, I got nervous...
Calm down!
Please calm down!
Can Hina-chan really handle this?
A Kind Girl Who Isn't Kind
Hina-chan is trying hard,
but her movements are still stiff.
I wonder if there's any advice I could offer her...
Next time, A Kind Girl Who Isn't Kind.
