What?!
Our precious training time...
We just spent one day in the Celestial Spirit World...
What should we do?
Princess! I have a proposal.
Punish me even more.
Why don't you go home?
This is the wizards' guild known as Lamia Scale.
The Grand Magic Games. Every year we come in second place!
It's shameful and that's no joke!
This woman is the master of Lamia Scale,
Oba Babasama.
Until now, I just thought of it as a festival.
But we can't afford to think that way this year!
Jeez, enough already...
Obaba's talking to herself again, huh?
Lyon! Jura! This time, you're going to participate, too!
Crap. I can't refuse Obaba.
A festival can be nice once in a while.
Lyon and Jura-san are gonna be in it this year?!
Now we'll win it for sure!
Lamia will be Fiore's number one guild!
Hey, did you hear?!
It seems that Wizard Saint Jura-chan from Lamia Scale
is going to be in the Grand Magic Games.
This man is Master Bob of the wizards' guild Blue Pegasus.
Men. That is indeed a foul perfume.
And just when we were aiming for victory this year...
Then we'll just have to release you-know-who.
Y-You don't mean...?!
Men. A dangerous perfume is raging around the Grand Magic Games this time.
And at the wizards' guild called Sabertooth,
Sting and Rogue are...
Seriously?!
Natsu and the others are gonna be in the Grand Magic Games?!
Yeah! That's the rumor going around Magnolia.
Fro heard that, too.
I'm actually lookin' forward to this now, y'know, Rogue?
Not interested.
And at yet another wizards' guild, Raven Tail,
Master Ivan was also making plans.
Damn you, Makarov. You made me wait seven years...
But the time has finally come to punish the Fairies,
blot them all out!
I'm so looking forward to the Grand Magic Games.
Just Enough Time to Pass Each Other!
Even though there are only five more days'til the Grand Magic Games...
It looks like all we can do this time is rely on the others.
The gap between my strength and Lily's has widened again.
You cared about that?
Even now, it's not too late! We can train like hell these last five days!
All of you steel yourselves! We're not going to have time to sleep!
Erza's fighting spirit is on fire!
Sounds good to me! I'm fired up about training like hell!
Alright! Follow me! We'll start with running!
A pigeon?!
Something's on its leg.
It's a note! Let's see...
Don't tell me it's a love letter from Gray-sama?!
Not even close!
It says here...
Dear Fairy Tail, come to the broken suspension bridge on the hill.
Who do they think they are?!
Yeah, I don't like how they're givin' us orders!
What shall we do?
It sounds fishy.
No, let's check it out.
But it could be a trap...
That's right! I don't think we should go!
We'll know what it is if we go.
Yeah! This is gettin' interesting!
This is what they meant by the broken suspension bridge?
The hell? Nobody's here!
Why are you so ready for a fight?
What was it, just a prank?!
I said we shouldn't come here, didn't I?
What the...?
What's this?!
The bridge...
It fixed itself!
It's connected to the other bank.
Telling us to cross it then...
This may be a trap after all.
I'm kind of scared!
I don't know who's behind it, but I say we go!
Then you go first, Natsu!
Alright! Go!
Don't suddenly push me! You scared the crap outta me!
He gets motion sickness even on a hanging bridge?
Damn you, suspension bridge! I'll show you to underestimate me!
I really thought that anybody who crossed this bridge would fall down the gorge...
What am I, a guinea pig?!
Thanks to Natsu, we know it's safe.
Let's all go!
Come out, come out, wherever you are.
Yeah. And if it's a strong opponent, all the better for our training.
Is training all you think about?
People are over there!
Be careful, everyone!
They're...
Thank you...
Jellal!
You haven't changed, Erza.
Have you already heard how I escaped?
Yeah.
Although I didn't intend to...
Meldy and I broke him out of prison.
I didn't do anything.
Ultear, you did most of it by yourself.
Meldy...
Juvia! Long time no see!
She has such a nice smile now...
Jellal escaped from prison?!
They're Grimoire...
Hold on, hold on. They're not our enemies now.
Right?
Yes.
I've committed a number of sins in my life
and I know there's no way I can make up for them with the rest of my life.
But I want to at least help the people whose lives I've messed up.
That's what I thought.
People whose lives you've messed up...
Jellal, for example...
Don't feel guilty. We were both possessed by the dark side.
And that's in the past.
Jellal... Have you regained your memories?
It all came back.
I remember everything.
My memories returned six years ago, while I was in prison.
Erza... I really don't know what to say...
I'm responsible for what happened with the Tower of Heaven.
I was manipulating Jellal.
So please don't blame him.
I was either going to spend my life in prison or be executed.
I accepted that fate.
Until Ultear and Meldy broke me out, that is...
You mean you've found a purpose to live for?
Wendy...
Come to think of it, the Jellal you know seems to be another person entirely.
Yes! I've already solved that one.
A purpose to live for... Nothing as noble as that, I'm afraid.
We made a guild.
Neither a proper guild nor a Dark Guild... We're an independent guild.
A Witch's Crimes... Crime Sorciere.
An independent guild?
What does that mean?
That you aren't part of an alliance?
Crime Sorciere. I've heard of you!
I heard your guild has destroyed many dark guilds in the last several years!
We have just one purpose.
Zeref...
Dark Guilds...
We formed this guild to drive away all of the darkness from the world.
So not one more wizard will become possessed by the dark side as we were.
That's great!
You should have the Council recognize you as an official guild.
The prison break, remember?
And we are former members of Grimoire Heart...
Besides, official guilds ostensibly have to abide by the Guild Conflict Ban Treaty,
even if the other side is a Dark Guild.
No, being independent works for our guild.
But we didn't call you here to introduce ourselves.
We heard you're going to participate in the Grand Magic Games.
Y-Yeah...
We can't get near the arena.
So there's one favor we would ask of you.
You want somebody's autograph?
No, thank you.
Every year, when the Games are held, we sense a strange magical force.
We want you to get to the bottom of it.
What do you mean?
Guilds throughout Fiore gather to participate in the Grand Magic Games, right?
You'd expect one or two weird kinds of magic...
That's what we thought at first, too.
But that magic is evil and somehow reminds me of Zeref.
It reminds you of Zeref?!
Maybe we're able to sense it because we've gotten too close to Zeref in the past.
We want to find out where that magic is coming from.
It could give us a clue as to Zeref's location.
Of course, this has nothing to do with the outcome of the Games.
We'll be rooting for Fairy Tail from the sidelines.
But while you're there, we also want you to search for that mysterious magic.
That's like grabbing hold of a cloud, but we'll give it a try.
We're in your debt.
Are you sure about this, Erza?
If there's strange magic present while all the guilds of Fiore are assembled,
we're at risk, too.
We'll pay your fee in advance.
Food expenses!
Rent money!
No, I don't mean money.
My evolved Time Ark will raise the level of your abilities.
Power up has a ring to it,
but that's not really what it is.
Wizards have something like a container that determines the limit of their magic power.
Even if that container becomes empty, for example,
the body will automatically absorb Eternanos from the air,
and after a while, the container will be full again.
But recent research has shown there's a part of the container wizards possess
that normally doesn't get used.
It's something that everyone has. Latent ability, Second Origin.
Second Origin?
Time Ark will develop that container
so you'll be able to use Second Origin.
In other words, you'll be able to use magic for a longer time
as well as employ powerful magic.
I didn't get any of that, but...
However, you will battle against unimaginably excruciating pain.
Her eyes are scary...
I don't care! Thank you! Thank you!
What should I do?! You seem more and more like a real woman!
I am a woman!
He's still hung up on that?
Maybe you have to take your clothes off for the magic characters to be drawn.
I don't think you have to worry about that.
Hang in there. Bringing out your latent ability is no simple matter.
Is he going to be okay?
How painful is it?!
Want to try a Sense Link?
Are you out of your mind?!
You've also learned how to kid people, huh, Meldy?
We're going to do that, too?
I bet I'll cry!
You're already crying!
I-It has nothing to do with us...
Maybe we should just go home...
Natsu...
Come to think of it, where's Erza?
She went somewhere with Jellal.
The two of them?!
If that's the case, Juvia and Gray-sama are going somewhere, too.
If what's the case?
I see she hasn't made any romantic progress.
Erza...
You said you got your memories back, right, Jellal?
Yeah.
Then, about Simon, too?
I killed him.
Do you remember about Nirvana?
I remember.
I remember that I had amnesia then.
It feels strange.
Can I think of you as the old Jellal and treat you that way?
That would make me happy... but there's still what happened with Simon.
I wouldn't blame you if you kept your distance.
And if you wish to take revenge for Simon's death,
I'm prepared to lay down my life.
Do you think that's what Simon would want?
You formed a guild in order to destroy Dark Guilds.
That's how you're atoning for your sins. That's what you're prepared to do!
I don't know...
What?!
Certainly, I created Crime Sorciere in the beginning to make amends for my sins.
But there's no way I can make up for what I did at the Tower of Heaven.
What am I doing this for?
I can't get out of this labyrinth of my mind.
Maybe I should just die.
How can you talk so cowardly?!
I'm not as strong as you are.
So you can't live if you're not strong?! Wrong!
Living shows that you're strong!
You're not the old Jellal! You're not the Jellal who struggled desperately to survive!
You may be right...
Why, you...
Erza...
You're always right.
That's not true.
In my own clumsy way, I live my life to the fullest.
That's all...
Erza...
I thought I'd never see you again.
Jellal...
I can't.
I have a fiancee.
Oh, no... I, uh, I wasn't thinking...
No, it's my fault. I, uh...
I'm sorry.
R-Really?! Congratulations! I didn't know!
But of course, yeah. Seven years have passed, yeah!
Is she dear to you?
Yeah...
Then you have to live for her sake, too.
You're right.
Thanks to you, no one can move.
Why doesn't it affect you like that?
Because of the nature of our guild, we can't stay in one place for long.
We're leaving.
About the mysterious magic power at the Grand Magic Games,
if you find something out, report it to us via pigeon.
Understood.
As for the competition, we'll be cheering you on from behind the scenes, so do your best.
I'd really like to go see it for myself...
Shall we go in disguise?
No.
We'll meet again, Erza...
Bye-bye!
Give everyone our regards.
And please take care of Gray...
Mysterious magic power...
I just hope Fairy Tail won't be put in danger.
Oh, I expect they'll be able to handle whatever comes their way.
Yeah! But anyway, Jellal,
why did you lie about having a fiancee?
You heard that?!
Why don't you give yourself a break once in a while?
Unless you mean to punish yourself?
Punishment is the code of Crime Sorciere, isn't it?
We decided together, remember?
We can't be in love with anyone who walks in the light.
If Erza is happy, that's good enough for me.
Still, couldn't you have told a better lie?
Yeah, that was low! What, were you trying to make yourself look cool?!
Fiancee, huh?
You always were lousy at lying.
Nothing has changed since then...
But it's better this way.
This is our answer...
Look, Erza!
We're in Crocus!
It's not called the Blooming Capital for nothing! It really is a beautiful city, isn't it?
The Games are gonna be held here?!
I'm rarin' to go! But who are those guys?!
I hear they're Sabertooth's Dragon Slayers!
Dragon Slayers?!
Next time: Crocus, the Blooming Capital!
Natsu, the strange talking cat with them
says I look stupid... That I'm an idiot...
A talking cat... Just like you, Happy.
