Shinjurou...
I can't hold on any longer...
Bettenou...
Oh great Bettenou!
Bettenou
Inga
Detective's Assistant
It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode Eleven
I'm Just Searching
Inspired by Sneering Demon and Red Trap from Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories) and from I Give Reason
I thought Kaishou wasn't on any cameras at the TV station...
That's what Diet Member Kuramitsu had us say.
AD
Motoyama's Assistant
This was delivered.
Don't tell me Kaishou Rinroku is alive?
Motoyama Minami
Television Producer
Yuuki Shijurou
Detective
Yes, that is what my father said.
Rie, I was definitely at home, wasn't I?
How many times must we go over this?
Please leave.
Kaishou Rie
Daughter of Kaishou Rinroku, Lives at Home
Kaishou Family Maid (Head Maid)
Kaishou Family Maid
Wait, Detective!
Was this delivered to you, too?
Did the hospital provide Kaishou Rinroku's DNA to verify his remains?
No.
She did, from my father's brush.
That's right. Self-interest.
If solar power generation is nationalized, Kaishou Rinroku won't be able to
profit from the electric utility industry that he introduced to the market.
Nationalize Solar Power!
But he's passed on.
Is that divine retribution?
Our generation can create a smart grid environment and solar power plants,
Kuramitsu Mine
New Diet Member
making Japan a great nation, the world's leader in renewable energy!
Oh, you mean this?
I don't think it's possible to accept the invitation, but just in case...
But it makes me wonder who would pull a prank like this.
Kaishou Rinroku's ghost, indeed!
Miss Kaishou!
I tried to stop her, but...
Your father has definitely passed away.
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
But I want to know who is using his name.
This is in extremely poor taste!
You always see it on TV.
Fuwa Jujirou
Victims summoned to the scene of the crime.
This isn't for a show!
I was called here, too.
An invitation to a party,
Mihara Yasutarou
Member of the Public Security Force, Commanded by Mizuno
in which the real person behind the bombing will be rooted out.
W-What are you doing here?
Did you set this up?!
You too...?
All right, everyone.
Why don't we all take our seats?
The party is going to begin.
Yuuki Shinjurou
Defeated Detective!
It wasn't enough you drove Chairman Kaishou to commit suicide?!
Now this farce...?!
I was called here, too.
In other words, a crime is going to occur.
And a major crime at that...
What major crime?!
Fuwa Jujirou
Entrepreneur
Kaishou tried to murder us, and when he was exposed, he killed himself.
The crimes are over...
It's the real thing!
What does my father...
I mean, what does the organizer of this party want?
I'm not sure. But how about this?
Revenge against the person who framed Kaishou Rinroku.
Revenge?!
Are we supposed to kill each other with these weapons
until the real criminal is found?!
In that case, you should be the first one to go!
I admit that my deductions were wrong.
I gracefully admit it...
What do you mean?
When the explosion happened here, the real Mr. Kaishou was at home,
while the one who showed up at the TV station was an impostor.
It was all done through the power of Bettenou.
That's what I figured...
No, it's what I was made to figure.
Yuuki Shinjurou will definitely deduce the presence of Bettenou.
Since he is a great detective...
Kaishou obtained Bettenou.
To make me think that,
Kaishou was purposely paraded in front of a member of his family.
The fact that this family member has a scrupulously honest personality
was part of the calculations.
Wait! Then...
I'm saying my deductions were wrong before.
The real Kaishou Rinroku was at the TV studio.
The Kaishou you witnessed at home was the real mastermind,
camouflaged by Bettenou to look like Kaishou.
Who is this Bettenou you keep bringing up?!
Think of it as powerful hypnotism.
Do you have proof that the Chairman Kaishou at the TV station is the real one?
Video from the surveillance cameras.
If the Kaishou who showed up at the TV station was a Bettenou-empowered poser,
I wouldn't have been able to see him on video days later.
But I did see him. Clearly.
I hadn't taken the train for so long
that I didn't know where to make the transfer.
We dropped him off at the TV station yesterday too,
but to think this could happen...
I thought you explained that the contradiction between the two statements
was proof that Mr. Kaishou wasn't at the TV station!
It's simple.
One of them was lying.
Mr. Fuwa, you must have heard what Chairman Kaishou said then, too.
Now that you mention it, he said something about taking the train...
Then Mizuno was the one that was lying.
But why would Mizuno tell a lie that would incriminate Chairman Kaishou?
Because Mizuno was with Full Circle.
Mizuno had information that he should've had no way of knowing.
Unusually enough, you were successful with Mr. Yajima's request.
Information about a case that he could've known about
only if he had access to the prosecutor or Kaishou's private records.
But don't let it go to your head.
There was a rumor that Commander Mizuno also demanded a full access key
to major companies, claiming it was necessary for security.
Was Mr. Mizuno the culprit?
Missile...
We had information that a fragment
from a shoulder-launched surface-to-air missile was found here,
the same kind used by the Public Security Force!
If it had been fired from a boat, there would've been enough distance
that even the Self-Defense Force wouldn't have detected it.
The way you talk makes me think you've already checked the armory.
It's possible that Commander Mizuno took out a missile launcher.
We're also left with the possibility
that a bomb had been set at the TV station beforehand.
As for JJ Systems' microwave satellite, it's still in the experimental stages
and doesn't have the capacity to cause that much destruction.
Then we falsely accused him based on mistaken data?!
Yes, the data that you leaked yourself.
Oh, Detective!
Didn't you just say that Mizuno was the culprit...?!
I don't remember saying he did it alone.
The Public Security Force may have been able to penetrate corporations' data,
but authorization is required to have access to government information.
You're saying Diet Member Kuramitsu aided Full Circle?!
You hid the fact that you and Mizuno were old friends.
Not even a member of the Diet can get through!
You have no proof!
But I'm certain.
The handkerchief I lent you...
My partner brought it home.
Why?
I ran into him somewhere and gave it to him!
My partner had been missing for a while.
Until Inga appeared at the committee, as if manipulated by something...
And the only thing that could possibly manipulate Inga... is Bettenou.
In other words, you were at the place where Inga was captured...
And where Bettenou is now!
This is a trap!
This is a conspiracy!
Yuuki Shinjurou!
You made it seem like Kaishou was alive to frame me...
Gunshots!
Who's there?!
Over there?!
He means to attack everyone!
Run!
Hayami-kun!
Don't move!
Is this really Kaishou's revenge?!
I understand! I'm sorry!
I said bad things about you because I was tricked!
Don't hold a grudge against me!
I don't hold a grudge against anyone.
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
Kaishou Rinroku...
Father!
I'm sorry for making you handle a memorial service at your age...
That's not... Not at all!
Chairman...
Everyone, I'm sorry for causing so much worry.
I faked my own death to escape someone's plot.
And then I waited for the schemer to make their move.
Sure enough,
He?
he put together this little farce.
Isn't that right, Defeated Detective?
What's your objective, I wonder?
I'm just searching for the truth.
I'd like you to explain your real aim.
Everyone, this is his partner.
But he's not just a partner.
A monster!
As you can see, this is not a human being, but a monster.
Until now, the Defeated Detective has used this
to tear apart human minds whenever he pleased.
Today, he's going to pay dearly for that.
Don't...
Tell me... What is your true goal?
Don't...
What do you want?
Father... That's enough!
It's no use.
People have no choice but to answer that monster's question.
Just one question...
Answer me. What do you want?
Don't...
Enough, Inga.
Long ago, I answered your question.
Ask me! Inga!
What is it you see now?
Rain and... Yuko...
Only you!
So I don't have to answer any more of your questions.
I know what happened to you.
Bettenou is a kami. You can't resist a god.
That's what she said, isn't it?
But I'm going to disprove those words.
Bettenou is no god!
Stop it!
The truth is that you used that monster!
Bettenou makes her master's words into a semblance of reality.
But if you don't hear the voice or even see the person,
you can't share in the illusion.
Another thing is she can't turn a person into someone else
if that someone else is right there!
Shinjurou, you knew, didn't you?
Yeah. Ever since he first got here...
To my eyes, he was just someone mimicking Kaishou.
Hayami Seigen.
Mr. Hayami? What?
Hayami-kun fell to the floor under us...
If Kaishou didn't get his hands on Bettenou, it had to be you.
I'm sure you shot Kazamori as a precaution against the eye-opening shocks
that she used at the prison, but it didn't do any good.
What are...
I'm saying that the real Kaishou Rinroku has been in front of me the whole time,
so even if a fraudulent Kaishou shows up, my brain won't be fooled!
The real...?
You're stupider than I thought, Mr. National Police Agency.
It's not all his responsibility.
H-Hey! Who are you to butt in?!
You can't extract a god out of a human.
However, by kowtowing to the thing that is considered to be a god,
it is possible to create a god and shove it down the throats of people.
Hayami-kun, that's what you did.
Chairman?!
Hayami-kun...
What's the meaning of this?!
He used Bettenou's power to impersonate me.
Well enough to even fool Rie.
That's why I made it look like I died.
So the person masquerading as me wouldn't be given power.
I helped the Chairman.
That day, it looked like the Chairman got in the car,
but he actually mixed in with us.
For good measure, he disguised himself as a TV station AD and left the scene.
The corpse in the car was the person who had been brought in to the hospital
and died the day before.
The DNA matched because some of that corpse's hair was put on your brush.
But that brush was...
You knew it, too?!
That Father was safe...
Inga, you still think Bettenou is a kami?
She's a misbegotten soul.
Or you could call her a soul of mere words.
Long ago, the statesmen of this country let loose
the words victory and kamikaze.
They falsely heralded them as gods, and sent them to war...
All for the purpose of feigning a nonexistent reality.
If it's a soul... then that's my favorite dish.
Even one that's misbegotten!
By doing this, you figured you could quickly turn into Kaishou
and beat the information out of me, correct?
You saw through me...
Full Circle's Mizuno and Kuramitsu
were going to lay out accusations against JJ Systems.
You, who had acquired Bettenou, approached those two.
I didn't do anything wrong!
Kaishou Rinroku is driven by self-interest
and I wanted to crush him for the sake of Japan!
Is that right?
You tried to destroy the nationalization of solar power generation!
Because you wanted to break into that field!
The field I'm going to get into is solar thermal energy.
That's splitting hairs!
Your inability to make the distinction between the two is your limitation.
The age may be coming when we can provide the technology
to countries with vast deserts or strong sunlight,
to build solar thermal power plants there, and convey the power that's generated
via HVDC transmission,
so all countries can send microwave transmissions from space.
What?! Rely on other countries for electricity?!
Of course, it's a dream.
But one day, the borders between countries will disappear.
That's the kind of dream I have.
You really whetted my appetite, giving me dribs and drabs like that!
I guess I can understand Kuramitsu, who wanted to clip Kaishou's wings
because she took a conspiracy theory seriously...
But Hayami, what were you after?
Don't make this monster ask me a question!
That's not nice...
It was you, Prosecutor Koyama.
Me? What do you mean?
Exactly. You could never see anyone but Kaishou Rinroku.
To you, Kaishou is just like... a god.
I wanted you to look up to me like that.
Mr. Hayami...
But it was stupid of me to try to become a god.
You!
It wasn't me.
Bettenou said this.
Live. Fall.
Go.
I didn't know what I was going to do if you didn't notice the song.
That was the song from Yonagahime 3+1.
That member's death was a fiction.
In other words, you weren't dead either.
I'd hardly even call that a deduction.
And how you knew I was disguised as an AD as well?
I confirmed the location of the real AD before I entered the studio.
You are a great detective!
Father! The Detective can ride with us too, can't he?
Well? If you'd like, you can join us for dinner, perhaps...
Come on, Father, hurry up!
There's one thing I forgot to say.
About Mizuno, who died in your sham suicide...
There's no way Mizuno would have cooperated with your trick.
So Mizuno must have been dead before the explosion.
Another reason to stage such a flamboyant suicide as a car bombing
was to camouflage the cause of Mizuno's death.
I did it!
I'm the one who did it.
Is that right?
Even if that is true, Kaishou, you admitted that you got rid of Mizuno
before he went public with any accusations.
Why?
Wasn't it because Mizuno, who was with Full Circle,
had gotten other dirt on you?
Before, you talked about solar thermal power plants.
As compensation for the last war, the government has made a proposal
to supply technology to other countries.
You anticipated this far ahead, cooperated during the war, and...
Enough, Shinjurou.
Please.
If all humans were saints and sages, all truths would be exposed.
And every just cause, expedient, ideal,
and lie would no longer be necessary, yes?
But will that day ever come?
All we can do is better ourselves, little by little.
Wrong.
People fall.
They unmask their essence, their truth, their souls from within them...
People want for beauty; they favor luxury and lust for pleasure,
yet all the while, and just as strongly, they know and love what is right.
For each and every evil there is, at the same time, justice.
I want to love people.
I want to know their beauty.
And because of that...
It's a shame.
I'm looking forward to what comes next.
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
What did you call me all the way out here for?
There's something I forgot to say.
More bad-mouthing my father?
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
You were right.
There's something I haven't shown you.
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Will you listen?
Yes.
A woman saved my life once.
Tracing it as if we can see through
We'd only just met and there was nothing in it for her, but she helped me...
Looking for, beyond words
Inga's body... is hers.
Like a falling feather
That's why I decided to be together with him...
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Sasa Kazamori
Artificial Intelligence (R.A.I.)
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
