Being Here
So let's do an experiment.
Finest Quality Refined Rice Flour Domestic Wet-land Glutinous Rice 100
Should we start with 200 grams for the sticky rice flour dumplings?
Yeah!
NOD
Should we call it chilled shiratama syrup?
Yeah, that's really cute!
Crescent Moon was going to have a food stand at the annual summer festival
in the shopping district.
This year, Grandpa let us decide what would be on the menu.
March Town Shopping District March Town Festival Sunday, July 28th
To explain it simply, the way you make rice flour dumplings...
Step one. Knead the rice flour in cold water.
Step two. Roll into balls and boil in hot water.
That's all.
GIGGLE
See? Simple, right?
What? Simple, right? It's way too simple!
EHHH
I think we'll go with 200 grams of rice flour and about 160 cc of cold water.
Rice flour is sold at the super market.
Put the flour in a bowl and pour the water in a little at a time, mixing as we go.
Once it's mixed well, put some muscle in it as you knead it.
If you put in too much water, it'll get sticky, and make it hard to form into balls,
so stop when the dough has taken shape.
Then roll the dough out into rod shapes with your hands
and rip them apart into bite-sized piece.
I'm getting the hang of it!
KNEAD KNEAD
ROLL ROLL
This is fun!
Rice flour dumplings! This is Momo's!
FWHAAA
PUSH PUSH
SQUISH SQUISH
Yes, you're doing good, Momo.
But maybe it's a little big.
Sis, about this size?
Is it too small?
TINY
More circular?
Don't worry. They'll expand a bit when we boil them, so that's perfect.
When making large rice flour dumplings, you would put a little dent in them like this,
but today we're making smaller ones.
Next we put them in boiling water.
After two or three minutes, they'll come burbling up to the surface.
Maybe a little more.
A little more?
Then you keep them in the boiling water for another minute.
Then transfer them to ice water, which firms them up.
And...
They're done!
TA-DAA
Voila!
SPRINGY
Th-That was so fast! And simple!
Wonderful!
At first, let's just try it with sugar and soy sauce.
Yum!
It's so chewy!
The rice flour dumplings pass the taste test,
but the challenge is the syrup.
We have matcha, right? Plum syrup, chilled sweet red bean soup...
It's so delicious with matcha!
But powdered matcha is expensive.
I don't want to make each cup more than 300 yen.
Um, if we can get about 60 small dumplings from 200 grams of rice flour...
Let's see...
HMMM
OH
I got it! How about cold milk tea?
It's rich and sweet!
That could be good!
True, black tea leaves would be much cheaper!
Why don't we also put in black pearl tapioca? It would make nice color accents!
That's a great idea!
To defray the cost of the tapioca, instead of using disposable bowls and spoons,
we can gather spoons and bowls from our house, Crescent Moon, and Aunt Misaki's pub,
and just keep washing them, even though it might be a hassle.
- Oh, we can have Kiriyama do the washing! - What?
Good idea! Let's ask him!
CRESCENT MOON
You did a pretty good job with the dumplings.
You put them in ice water to firm them up, right?
And tapioca?
Another fancy thing, huh?
Hey, it's pretty firm.
This is a type of starch, right?
Grandpa.
Wh-What do you think?
THUMP THUMP
Well, I guess it'll do.
Damn it, it's actually really good.
I got a feeling the youngsters will really like them.
It should sell pretty well at a food stand. It's a festival, after all.
BRIGHT
Yay!
This one was especially good.
Plum syrup?
It's refreshing and tasty.
That plum syrup was made by Chiho.
Yeah? That's a nice smell from the plums.
As soon as summer vacation started,
we went to see Chiho.
Chiho!
Hina.
She took me around the farm.
WAG WAG WAG
WAHH
Love!
Play with me. Woof-woof!
Let's play!
She showed me Hana, and her puppies.
Love! I love you!
Sometimes while we talk, Chiho would go silent and space out.
Ms. Satou said that even now, Chiho freezes up when she sees a girl of middle school age.
Seeing someone of the same age makes all of her painful memories
come flooding back into her heart and mind.
Apparently her body is resisting that with every strength.
But Chiho is working hard here,
so that little by little,
she'll be able to talk and act like she used to.
That's what Ms. Satou told me.
CHIHO
Chiho developed a fever in the evening,
so her mom dropped Sis and me off at the station.
Thank you so much for supporting Chiho.
Her mom said that as she clasped my hands.
She said, Chiho and I will be doing our best here.
The first step is making friends with animals.
Next is making friends with people older than you.
The third step is making friends with people close to your age.
Even now, Chiho is fighting.
I'll send her photos from the summer festival.
Photos of everyone enjoying the plum syrup.
And then, I'll go visit her again.
All right, shall we go?
Let's get started.
CRESCENT MOON
CRESCENT MOON
How about some sweet, chilled rice flour dumpling syrup?
Chilled Rice Flour Dumpling Syrup 300 yen
Milk Tea Plum Syrup Sweet bean
Chilled Ginger Drink 100 yen
Sweet and cold rice flour dumpling syrup!
It's nice and cold!
Here's your plum syrup.
Thank you.
It looks really good.
Here's some clean plates.
And I'll take these back.
Thank you, Kiriyama!
PROMPT PROMPT
Also 100 yen coins. I'll empty two rolls in here for change.
PROMPT PROMPT
And dish cloths. I'll hang up the ones I washed here.
Kiriyama is the best! He's so considerate!
That's a big help!
Sorry for working you so hard, kid.
Here, at least have a cool ginger drink.
Thank you.
There are so many people here.
This is good.
The festival is a success. And we're selling like crazy too.
This is my first time doing something like this, so I'm kind of surprised.
That it's pretty fun.
Kiriyama! Kiriyama!
- Hey... - What's up?
Yo. How you doing?
Takahashi.
Huh? Have you gotten way taller again?
Chiho made this plum syrup.
Thanks.
He's huge.
WHOA
Grandma. Mikako.
Delicious three-colored rice flour dumplings here!
Would you like any?
It's all right. They're doing a great job.
It's a nice night.
Rei.
This is what I like.
I guess I love this kind of thing.
Yeah.
KA-CHING
STUFFED
TREMBLE TREMBLE
Wow! It isn't even 7:00. We made all this in no time at all!
At this rate, I think we can easily sell the curry that's on the stove for dinner tonight!
S-Sis, calm down!
Curry is no good! We're a sweets shop!
Oh no, Sis!
We're down to less than one box of dumplings! Even though we made a ton!
Let's boil some more right away!
We can't! We're out of syrup too!
EMPTY
What? Right when we're on a selling streak?
FWIP
Idiots!
SALESMAN
CRACKLE
We still have soybean flour and brown sugar syrup, right?
G-Grandpa!
Akari, boil some water!
Right!
- Hina, mind the store! - Okay!
Kid, buy us some ice. Ask the Takahashi boy and he'll tell you where.
O-Okay!
I'll knead the dumplings!
All right! Kawamoto family, fight!
Yeah!
Being Here
Summer Vacation (Part 1)
CRESCENT MOON
The March Town Festival was so much fun.
COZY
We should've prepared more syrup, huh?
I never thought we'd sell out by 7:00. Such a shame.
Speaking of shame, you spent too much on it and were too generous with the portions.
After working so hard drenched in sweat, this is our net profit.
This is what they call going through great pains in vain!
But...
It really gets my blood pumping when we're swarmed with customers.
YEAH
Thanks to all the people who stopped by, we sold lots of our usual sweets too.
I guess a loss leader is fine when it comes to attracting customers.
It's like when you go to the supermarket if they have milk on sale for 128 yen, right?
Or 100 grams of ham for 68 yen or a can of tomatoes for 78 yen.
But of course you buy other stuff while you're there, right?
Your mom and grandma were both natural salesladies.
Whether they'd make something sweet or sour, it didn't matter.
There'd always be a line of people.
It was really something. I thought that every time there was a festival.
I wish you girls would've seen it, too.
GLOW
I remember. The deep-fried kitty-cats and lanterns.
The bags with the huge ribbons were so cute.
They often said, Spend effort, not money.
I'd help out by stuffing the bags.
It was so much fun.
You did a great job for your first time out there.
But you still need to work on sales and have a ways to go with finesse and insight.
But you can give it another shot next year, if you want.
What? Really? Is it okay?
I'll do my best!
FWOHHH
I'll have customers lined up, just like Mom and Grandma did!
OHHH
I need to think about the menu right away!
STRETCH
FWOHHH
Hina! Calm down.
GRAB
You have entrance exams first. Which schools are you applying to?
Oh yeah.
That's right.
You have the summer term test tomorrow. Despite the summer vacation, it's a school day.
Did you study for the test?
Uh, yeah, I did. I still have to study a little more though.
I've got it, Sis, how about jelly?
Hey!
CRESCENT MOON
Your hands have stopped!
Wrap it already! The red bean pancake will dry out!
Right! Sorry, Grandpa!
I can't!
I-I-I can't do it!
SHAKE SHAKE
SHIVER SHIVER
I just can't do it!
It's impossible! I can't be the homeroom teacher for 3A!
It'll be fine, fine.
Maybe.
I'll be here if you need me.
PANIC
It's too much to bear!
You saw it, too! The menacing look of Takagi's mother!
I-I don't have the confidence to contend with her!
What? What?!
A new homeroom teacher?
You're entrusting the precious last semester of the third year to a young teacher like that?!
What is the school thinking?!
WAHHH
I can't do it! I'm still a newbie!
You may be a newbie, but I'm an old man!
I can't physically be the homeroom teacher for two classes!
I can't watch 90 students by myself!
On top of that, I've got my duties as the head teacher!
Besides, how long will this ongoing discussion with Takagi last?
I told you. Getting her to understand what she did is part of the job.
With all due respect, no matter what else we say to her, it won't do any good.
She's already decided not to feel any guilt over it.
Why do we have to spend all this time on it?
It doesn't make sense.
Paying all this attention to the person who caused the trouble,
while the victim, Chiho Sakura, not only moved away because of it,
but she isn't going to school yet over there.
I-If she's unwilling to give in, even if there was no malice...
I mean, after taking it this far,
it doesn't matter if there was ill will or not!
Komigawa.
I'll write it on her record.
As her new homeroom teacher, I'll write it all down.
That she thinks she's always right and is very aggressive towards other people.
That she's like the leader of the group, but causes major problems in class.
And!
When somebody causes a problem, they need to take responsibility for it.
That's what I believe.
There must be punishment.
Otherwise...
that's wrong, isn't it?
Hey, Mr. Kokubu.
Do you have an answer?
Did you find a reason for why everyone has to put out effort and do their best?
Did you find something?
Well. I've been thinking a lot since it came up.
And...
I couldn't find an answer.
You didn't find it?
What the heck?
ATTENDANCE RECORDS
I racked my brains, but in the end, to be honest, I came up blank.
It's strange, isn't it?
And when I thought about it, I realized I never even had any doubts about it.
Why was that?
It's hard to make an effort, but I always assumed people had to do it.
All this time I thought making an effort was something you do for your own sake.
Anyway, I'd been told that often enough
that I don't even remember who first said it or where I'd read that idea.
Now that I've reached this age,
I felt that phrase was true from the bottom of my heart.
For the longest time, I probably just...
wanted to become a better person than I was back then.
So we're suddenly talking about you?
Is it going to take long?
No.
Time's up.
This was my last day as your class's interim homeroom teacher.
Hey, Takagi.
Right now, I think you have a lot of anxiety that you don't know what to do.
You haven't done anything in your life yet, so you don't know your own capabilities.
That's the cause of your anxiety.
Mr. Kokubu.
You refuse to make an effort with anything
because you're scared of learning your own capacity and being disappointed by it.
But Takagi...
It's okay to be disappointed.
Once you learn your own capacity, you at last understand what it is you should do.
When you understand yourself,
what you want to do will also become more clear.
Once you do that, you'll at least be able to get past your incredible anxiety.
I can guarantee at least that.
After I was done with the test, that night, I made a lot of drawings.
There were so many colorful sweets swimming around in my head and they wouldn't stop.
Hina, how long are you going to stay up?
Take your bath.
Hey, don't just leave the fan on.
Sheesh, you'll catch a cold.
Oh, Hina.
Geez. What is all this?
My, my. What is this?
Cute.
They all look delicious.
Yeah. These are great.
I'm getting excited!
Summer Vacation (Part 1)
Next Episode Preview
Episode 42
They're beautiful and look delicious.
Rei, how old were you when you first
wanted to become a professional shogi player?
Kiriyama! It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
I like smooth stuff!
That's really adorable!
ILLUSTRATION: AKIMAN
Grandpa, look at the sweets Hina thought up!
These are great!
