Uprisings are breaking out all over Sistina.
What good will it do for the people to make a commotion?
They all fear us.
Nothing would happen.
Still, a single spark of revolt is all it takes. It could very well burst into flames.
The impact of someone calling himself Cornaro and slaying a Rossini is undeniably huge.
In fact, more supporters of Theo Cornaro have been assembling in Marza.
A ragtag bunch of bottom-feeders like that. I'll be glad to crush them myself!
Let me leave right now! I'll be the one to avenge Salvador!
Surely, they won't stop at Marza.
The people in neighboring towns will probably join the revolt.
It would be wiser to leave after you've gathered sufficient troops.
How can you be so nonchalant?
No, Juzel is right about that.
Dorni, gather 3,000, no, make that 5,000 soldiers!
Five thousand? You don't have confidence in me?
Salvador only took a few hundred men, and because of that, he perished.
If I were to lose you, too, what will become of the Rossini family?
I'd never end up like
I know!
But I don't want to take any chance of becoming a father who's lost two sons.
All right.
I'll be leaving as soon as I'm ready.
Is suppression really the only way to deal with this?
It's too late to be saying such things.
Our family forced our subjects into submission, and eliminated anyone who rebelled.
That's how we've always ruled this country.
If we were to ease our grip now, we would only be destroyed.
You're right.
But we have the Omerta flag.
I'm certain that Dorni will get revenge for Salvador.
Theo Cornaro.
I swear I'll make you pay for this crime with your life!
Why did you come here?
I don't have anywhere else to go.
Even if I go to the Rossini house, Salvador is not there.
You were indeed a favorite of his.
Salvador. He was such a fine man!
He was passionate, and had a lust for all kinds of pleasures,
and never asked any questions about me!
So why aren't you heading back to the city?
Because Salvador ordered me to kill the chamberlain who's accompanying Theo.
And I haven't fulfilled that yet.
Is that what they call the Way of the Assassin?
Sooner or later, Phederico will be sending his forces to defeat Theo.
If the battle draws near, both Theo Cornaro and his mage will have their hands tied.
That's when I intend to lure him out.
Can you beat him?
I don't know. For one thing, he has those werewolf kids with him.
Werewolf?
Yes. Those twins.
Wait, could they be...
Then would you like me to wrest those two away from that chamberlain for you?
You think you can do it?
Of course I can! Those two will definitely be coming after me.
I'll kill the werewolves, and you'll kill the chamberlain.
When that's done, I want you to kill Theo and Siluca.
So this is like vengeance for Salvador?
That will be part of it, of course.
But I've always had a hatred for those two.
Just looking at them, you can tell that they trust each other!
It makes me vomit.
Looking good! Louder, please!
A good number of soldiers have shown up.
Yeah. It feels totally different than before we fought Salvador.
I'm getting the sense that everyone's hearts are being moved, more and more.
Yes.
Someday, I'd like to build a castle right here.
A small one will be fine.
No matter how high my court rank may be by then, I would want to rule this village myself.
That sounds good.
To make that happen, we need to bring an end to the fighting on the continent.
And before we do that, we must overthrow the Rossinis.
Yeah.
Excuse me.
The forces led by Dorni Rossini have left, and are on their way here.
Just as we thought, they're coming.
I can't turn this village into a battlefield.
Let's counter them.
Is that him?
It's her!
The Black Witch who murdered Mother is nearby!
Is something wrong?
Please forgive me, but we have a personal matter to take care of.
We three will be away for a while.
All right. Whatever you do, be careful.
Thank you very much.
Is something wrong with Irvin and the twins?
They went to eliminate some elements that might thwart us in this battle.
I see.
I believe the man in the center is Dorni Rossini.
Looks like it.
After losing Salvador, if he should lose Dorni next, the Rossini's iron rule should begin to crumble.
As long as the Rossini family rules, we'll be plundered, and killed for no good reason.
There's no other domain but Sistina being governed this way.
But we all rose up!
We'll overcome fear with courage, and find hope in the depths of despair.
Now, let's win this battle, and bring an end to the Rossini family's tyranny!
For the sake of those we love, and for those we must protect!
Forward!
How impudent.
No matter how sizable your forces may be, they're still just a ragtag crew!
We'll annihilate you!
Rossini soldiers, now's the time to pledge fealty with your blood!
I will eliminate everyone who might get in my master's way.
I will kill you, and then I will also kill Theo Cornaro and your master.
I won't let you.
Poison?
Yes, a Black Witch special.
I knew you were those two pups from that time.
A demon's barrier can't just be easily broken, you know.
Now then, let the festivities begin!
What's wrong? Will you only defend?
Whoever is the last man standing wins.
You were coating your weapon with my poison while deflecting my blade?
Chamberlains must accomplish multiple tasks simultaneously.
And we also must think several steps ahead.
The Flames of Darkness are quite effective, yes?
Only a matter of time before you can't move anymore.
And while you're immobile, that demon will have its way with you!
We'll rip you to shreds before that happens!
We'll avenge Mother no matter what!
I'd like to see you try.
What should we do, Emma?
There's a wall surrounding the demon.
Let's try that move.
Got it!
What are you plotting?
Go!
I'm going!
She got away.
We were so close, too!
Lightning!
Run!
Hey!
Where're you going!
Why? Why won't you fight?
Sir Dorni!
We will fight by your side until the end, Sir Dorni!
Irvin!
Irvin! Wake up!
It's poison!
Don't die!
Irvin!
Priscilla.
He is not destined to die here.
Irvin!
Damn them. I'll tear them apart!
I'll take at least one of them down with me, and tear them apart.
Sir Dorni... I have fulfilled my loyalty oath.
You bastard. So you were waiting for me to get fatigued?
This is the only way that I know how to fight.
So damned insolent!
Sir Theo.
I want you to bury this man in the same way as the other casualties.
And I also want you to call on the Rossini forces to surrender.
Comet, O Comet...
Will you grant me my wish?
No, no, that star is a bad omen.
It will bring death and disaster!
That light...
Die! Theo Cornaro!
Wail with grief, Witch of Eramu!
Shooting Star, Shooting Star...
My wish will surely be granted!
Aishela! Take her into custody!
Leave it to me!
After lasting for generations, the Rossini family's rule ended in a flash once it began to crumble.
Theo Cornaro's forces will be here soon.
And then we'll have to surrender.
It's inevitable.
As Lord of Sistina, I'm prepared to fulfill my final task.
But...
You have to escape this island!
You cannot die!
I don't care where. I'm begging you to flee!
If I were to lose you, too, I'd...
I'll ask Theo Cornaro if he'll negotiate.
I'll try to convince him that I'd be beneficial to his people.
Let's take a chance on him.
Clear the way!
- Get the Rossini family out! - Here comes the hero, Theo Cornaro!
Sir Theo Cornaro, my name is Juzel Rossini. I'd like to speak with you.
Where's Sir Phederico?
My father just ceded his court rank to me. As so, I have full discretion over these negotiations.
Negotiations? What exactly do you think you're going to negotiate?
To ensure no more needless bloodshed.
If that's what this is about, then I'll listen.
We ask for your assurance for those who serve the Rossinis
will not lose their fortunes, nor their lives.
What are your demands?
The entire fortunes of those who serve the Rossinis.
Also the Crest of Viscount Rossini's family, and the lives of both you and Phederico.
I want you to know that my demands are the words of the people in this uprising.
I'll be sure to take note of that.
I have no problem relinquishing my life, and my father's, to you.
But if you were to execute us, and take over as ruler,
I doubt that those who pledged loyalty to the Rossinis will remain silent.
And so I have a proposal.
Will you allow me to pledge allegiance to you?
It will be very difficult and time-consuming for you to govern them.
But with me at your side, I think they'll obey you without a word.
I don't think these terms are unfavorable.
No.
To subjugate you for the sole purpose of making my rule go smoothly.
That wouldn't be a convincing argument for those who joined in the revolt.
I see.
However, I don't wish to annihilate the Rossini family.
During this battle, I realized that a lot of people are loyal to the Rossinis.
I would like you to live for their sake.
That doesn't sound any different than using me to your advantage.
Those are my own words, and my decision.
The most prominent Lord who served the hero, Jude Cornaro, was a Rossini baron.
And I'm told that in those days, everyone on this island was happy.
That's why I want to bring Sistina back to those times.
To rebuild anew the Sistina of the good old days, together.
For that reason, I'd like to ask you to pledge allegiance to me.
Sir Theo.
But Sir Phederico will assume responsibility for what generations of Rossinis have done.
That's the one thing I can't concede.
Of course, my father is already prepared to do so.
For a long time, the Rossini's way of governing has been reaching its limit.
At the same time, I'd lost hope that it could be changed.
But after hearing what you said just now, Sir Theo, I've changed my way of thinking.
For Sistina's sake, I'd like to pledge my loyalty to this Lord by the name of Theo Cornaro.
Understood.
THE LIBERATOR OF SISTINA
EPISODE 15 RETURN
