I am disappointed, Werewolf Queen.
As am I, Vampire King.
You, who fought the Demon Lords and protected this land eons ago,
now choose to follow such a foolish path.
That was nothing more than desperation to survive.
And nothing has changed since then.
Neither have we changed.
Just like our forebears, we will battle on until we've eradicated the Chaos.
Except that I don't wish to fight anyone.
Neither with you, as well.
We're done talking.
Please wait.
And you are?
Me?
My name is Yana.
She's a descendant of the Black Witch.
The Black Witch...
Your Majesty, I do believe you've been duped by the Mage Academy.
Once harmony is restored, it will mean the end of both Crests and Art.
As someone who's shed her own blood, I'm sure...
So what if I did?
If it means leaving a peaceful world to my children,
I'll gladly relinquish my powers.
Huh?
Oh, please! Such lip service!
Listen...
That faux-wolf will surely attack soon.
Just get rid of her while you have the chance!
That I cannot do.
After all, she's my invited guest.
Then I'll do it myself!
That's fine, isn't it?
What's taking Mother so long?
I wonder what they're talking about?
We came all this way to meet her!
A storm's brewing.
Are you scared?
Heck, no! I'm all grown up now!
Good evening, sweet puppies.
I assign you the rank of guard, Sir Theo, but you don't have to join the troops.
Do you have a task for me?
A task? Let's see...
How about I have you do guard duty whenever I leave the castle.
When I'm here, you can do whatever you want.
Right...
My name is Laura Hardry.
I am somewhat versed in Abjuration Magic.
Helga Piarosa.
I studied Life Magic at the Mage Academy.
I'm Colleen Messala.
Oh, my specialty is alchemy magic.
We've heard the rumors about you.
You belived once you mastered the basics you'd learn how to apply them on your own,
and so you switched from major to major.
You must be quite talented.
Not as much as you three.
There's no time for idle chitchat.
We're having company tonight.
Who will be coming?
The prince of the small continent of Dartagnia, Lord Milza Kuces.
He's been traveling in secret for the last five years,
and he's stopping by before heading home.
Artuk's neighbor across the sea.
They've been on friendly terms since ancient times, right?
He's an esteemed guest.
Be on your best behavior.
I don't know who assassinated those two archdukes,
but it goes to show that anybody can still become emperor.
That's right. Including you, Lord Milza.
To become emperor, one needs geographical advantages and luck on one's side.
Dartagnia is a small continent, easy to protect but ill-suited for attacking.
Should you become emperor, Lord Villar, I would be pleased to serve you.
I value aesthetics over ambition.
Although, if I became emperor as a result of living a most beautiful life,
I would gladly accept it.
That sets my mind at ease.
If you had no intention of becoming emperor, Lord Villar...
I would've taken your Crest back to Dartagnia with me.
If I were to cross swords with you, Lord Milzer,
I'd likely have no chance of winning.
I hear you've fought a wide array of foes.
I believe you've achieved the court rank of viscount?
But that's amazing!
Who's he?
A Knight Guard who recently began serving me. His name is Theo.
I've heard many rumors about him.
To think he'd give up his viscount ranking for a single mage.
I have no interest in those who lack ambition.
That's how much value Theo sees in Siluca.
In that young girl?
That reminds me, Viscount Lassic David has begun his conquest of Savis.
I've seen this Lord Lassic's performance on the battlefield.
His troops are formidable, and he leads them well.
Lord Villar, you've gained a fine ally, wouldn't you say?
No doubt, he's an ally,
but Lord Lassic is only holding Sir Theo's court rank for now.
What?
Lord Lassic is ambitious, but he's even offered up that ambition to Sir Theo.
Unthinkable...
Who would entrust their ambition to someone deprived of it?
Eons ago...
The Demon Lords that emerged in Artuk
wreaked havoc and destruction for almost a decade, until dispersing naturally.
In those days, the citizens of Artuk fortified their villages,
confronting the Chaos head on in an effort to thwart it.
Around this time, a great witch appeared...
A witch? You don't mean a mage?
They summon otherworldly projections, such as spirits and demons,
and endow them with wisdom and power.
There are Black Witches who prefer to be connected to the demon world...
but the witches of Artuk are White Witches, who swore to never link to the demon world.
Aside from the witches, powerful Artists also appeared.
In particular, vampires with their powers of immortality,
and the werewolves, with their powers of regeneration,
are said to have fought on equal terms with the Demon Lords.
The Constance family treated them well, gave them complete autonomy,
and even signed a pact with them.
The people of Artuk sure are strong.
The people of Systina are too helpless against the demon world and the Rossini clan.
There's no doubt in my mind that you will rally your people to make a stand!
- Thanks. - Oh, no...
Both of you, come to the Audience Hall at once.
This is the elder of the White Witches, Lady Zelma.
You can just call me Old Hag.
So are you the new mage?
Look at you, being forced to wear young Villar's tasteless outfit!
I'm used to it now.
Theo. Siluca.
In my stead, I want you to head to the Forest of Eternal Darkness at once.
Right. What's the nature of our business?
The werewolves have left their village en masse.
They're heading for the Forest of Eternal Darkness.
I've spoken with their queen, but she won't say a word.
There hasn't been bad blood like this since the ancient pact went into effect.
Normally, that forest is the vampires' territory...
But I can't help feeling that something terrible is about to happen.
Mother, I'm picking up Luna and Emma's scent.
Yes.
Who knew you'd show up over a pair of mangy mutts?
Are your children that important to you?
You can just bear more if you need them, right?
Return my daughters!
Did I not tell you to come alone?
I'm going alone from this point on.
Mother!
I'm ordering you as your clan leader.
Ion, wait here.
All right.
So many of our comrades have lost their lives fighting the Chaos.
But I will not allow my children to succumb before I do.
Are you members of the werewolf clan?
What if we are?
We're emissaries of Villar, the Earl of Artuk.
We came upon hearing of the feud between the werewolf clan and the Vampire King.
Tell us, what's happened here?
Nothing that concerns you! Now get the hell out of here!
Or else we won't guarantee your survival!
My name is Theo Cornaro.
On behalf of the Earl of Artuk,
I am here to meet with the Werewolf Queen and the Vampire King.
These two are my guests.
Would you mind letting them through?
Are you... the Vampire King?
Indeed I am.
To be precise, I guess you could say I'm his shadow,.
Give back my mother and sisters!
Emissaries, please come with me.
Wha
I promise you, as the Earl of Artuk's emissaries, we'll do the best that we can.
Just try harming a single hair on my mother's or sisters' heads!
I swear I'll chase you to the ends of the earth and shred you to pieces,
a thousand times more!
Just how durable are you werewolves, anyway?
You're such a fool... I despise people like you!
I'm sure someone like you could never understand.
Well, let's see how long you can hold out.
Once you die, it'll be your precious daughters' turn!
Please forgive us for our sudden intrusion.
Just cut to the chase.
Lord Dmitrie, Vampire King,
where is your ally, the Werewolf Queen, right now?
It was Yana who summoned her.
It's not my thing, but everyone has their own style.
If that doesn't sit well with you two, feel free to do as you wish.
Yana?
One more thing... I'd like you to convey this to Earl Villar.
Our goal is to return to the Dark Ages, rife with the Ultimate Chaos.
Our goal?
Unless the Crests are shattered, all Lords shall become our enemies.
But why?
Weren't you the one who fought that Ultimate Chaos two thousand years ago?
All I wanted was for this twilight era to continue through eternity.
But eventually, the Crests will be fused, and the Emperor's Crest will come into being.
So if order and harmony are restored,
Chaos will vanish and Artists will lose their power?
Right.
And for me, it means a permanent ending.
I am afraid to die, you see.
Are you the one who caused the Grand Hall Tragedy?
Sir Theo!
Do you intend to fight me?
Although I'm no match...
I am not fond of fighting.
The queen is in the cellar.
If you go now, you can probably save those she's trying to protect.
You don't have enough power left to regenerate, do you?
If I use your Chaos Core, I might be able to summon the Demon Lords!
Are you...
So you're the Black Witch, huh?
Dmitrie's guests?
If you wish to ask questions, start by telling me who you are!
I'm Theo Cornaro. And she is Siluca Meletes.
We're emissaries of Earl Villar!
The Vampire King just left.
Huh?
After making me do all that?
So I was just a pawn to sacrifice, eh?
Fine. Then I'll just do as I please.
Go, you two!
Surge!
Having a man shield you!
How I envy you!
Die!
Block!
Sir Theo!
He deflected it?
Ivy! Vines!
No way!
Slice it!
Let's go!
How dare you hurt our mother!
You're just puppies!
Get down here!
We'll rip you to shreds!
I'll take you two on another time!
Surge!
Let's go after her!
Let's go after her, Mother!
Mother, are you all right?
Mother, we're so sorry!
What am I to do with you?
Take these two outside the forest.
I promise.
Thank you.
Emma... Luna...
Promise me you'll live strongly and wisely...
Clara was a great queen, and a strong, kind-hearted mother.
She loved her clan, her family, and fought gallantly to rescue her daughters.
We will carry on her legacy, and her life.
You two brought my sisters, as well as my mother's soul, back to us.
I thank you.
The residents of the forest pledged their allegiance to us,
and will come to our aid in times of war.
Is that right?
Although I'm sure they believe the Vampire King will return one day.
Probably...
Governing the Forest of Eternal Darkness, and clearing a path to the demon world...
Lord Villar is really working us hard, huh?
Though you did accept those tasks, didn't you, Sir Theo?
Systina is also considered part of the demon world.
I thought I'd learn a thing or two.
Also, I've heard from Lady Margaret.
The White Witch tried to pursue Yana, but was unable to capture her.
That Black Witch has terrifying power...
Siluca...
I'm going to become stronger.
Because I know there are battles that I cannot afford to lose.
Right. I'm going to become stronger, too.
Fortunately, there's no shortage of challenges in this forest.
After all, it's the fearsome playground left behind by the Vampire King.
That's perfectly fine by me.
For it means that you'll be running me into the ground once again.
Oh! Theo!
Didn't I just teach you proper maids' etiquette?
Well, they're still just kids.
They have the motivation, but...
Are you going to go hunt the Chaos?
We want to get stronger, too!
All right, let's head out!
Why don't we head north today?
- Okay! - Okay!
FOREST OF ETERNAL DARKNESS
EPISODE 6: MARCHING
