Second Dish
Episode 1
a culinary bastion that continues to produce world-renowned chefs.
Cooking in Progress
Their high school first-years are contestants in the Autumn Elections,
which is now coming to a head.
Those who have survived the preliminary round
are now preparing for the next battle.
Polar Star Dormitory
All right!
Did I pack the petty knife?
There it is...
Did I pack the timer?!
There will only be an explanation about the main tournament today.
Do you really need your tools?
Oh, right.
Yeesh. You never change.
Hey, Tadokoro.
Our ride's here.
Let's go!
The eight elites, none of whom lack individuality and expertise,
will wear themselves to the bone to ascend to the top!
The Autumn Elections' main tournament will now begin!
What Fills the Box
Soma-kun, about the lottery results...
You'll be competing in the very first round.
The theme for the round is bento.
Bento?
You mean that bento?
That's right.
Finish all the necessary preparations today for the match tomorrow.
Bento, huh... this academy's more down-to-earth than I thought.
Ha.
What are you talking about?
You're ignorant to the extreme.
Bento is a food culture unique to Japan.
Gourmands have long loved bentos created from high-end seasonal ingredients.
Even prominent chefs overseas are familiar with bentos,
and the word has even been added to a French dictionary.
It is a theme that is justifiably appropriate for a celebration of food.
It's an entirely different beast from the B-grade gourmet food you're an expert in!
I've gotta say, I'm still not a fan of that side of your personality.
I'm pretty good at talking with people, but man, Nakiri, you're something else.
What?!
Things were pretty tense between us on our way back from camp, too!
What's your point?!
I have no idea what you're getting at!
You're irritating me!
Oh, this is odd.
She don't usually raise her voice.
Ah, I have a visitor regarding an unrelated topic.
Excuse me.
Yukihira Soma.
Try your best to make it through the rounds.
It'd be quite a downer if you were to fail in the very first round.
So, who am I going up against?
The 43rd Autumn Elections
The Following Day Getten Hall
Thank you for your patience!
The main tournament of the Autumn Elections is finally here!
We will begin with the first match in round one!
Judges
Academy Director Nakiri Senzaemon
Our first contestant is Candidate Yukihira Soma,
who was tied for second place in Block A preliminaries.
All right!
Good luck, Yukihira!
And his opponent is Candidate Nakiri Alice,
who was the undisputed winner of the Block B preliminaries!
Nakiri Alice.
Granddaughter to the Academy Director, Nakiri Senzaemon,
and the grand champion of a countless international competitions.
A prodigy, she is called the darling of molecular gastronomy.
Her curry dish, which received the highest score in the preliminaries,
made use of cutting edge techniques, and had great impact.
How will you counter that, Yukihira?
Yukihira-kun, today, I'll make your knees buckle with my cooking.
Wow!
It's the newest in cooking equipment!
Even sitting in the audience,
I can feel the tingling tension on my skin.
I can't believe he has to face one of the Nakiris in this atmosphere.
Yeah, I wonder how much pressure Yukihira's in right now.
I deeply regret
that I'll only be able to see your cooking once on this great stage.
If you lose, you can keep watching my cooking from the audience.
Oh, I doubt that could ever happen.
Antiquated ideas and workmanship that rely on circus theatrics
are not sufficient to overcome the limits of culinary knowledge.
Oh, you didn't get a good night's rest?
Oh, I was up pretty late testing my dish.
It was dawn before I realized the time.
But don't worry,
this is just a normal day for me.
Foodie customers with high expectations,
shining knives honed to a razor edge,
and an array of ingredients...
The only thing that's different
is that I have a formidable business rival in front of me.
I'll gain a lot today
from winning against you.
I'll use all that I'll gain to grow even stronger!
On to the first match!
Autumn Elections Main Tournament
The topic is bento.
Round 1 Bento
The time limit is two hours!
Let the cooking begin!
Standby Room
Good luck, Soma-kun.
It's like watching a chemistry experiment.
Marui, explain!
No, this is beyond the limits of my knowledge.
Are those glasses just for show?!
This makes my Japanese DNA very happy.
What?
Oh, you were making fun of workmanship earlier,
but you do have skills.
Of course!
How rude!
You shouldn't stare at people like that!
I remember being stared at during camp...
He's up against the director's granddaughter...
Damn it!
Yukihira, you'd better have some trick up your sleeve!
I bet he can win...
Come!
Both candidates are close to completion!
Who will finish first?
It's Candidate Nakiri Alice!
Come, let's serve lunch.
What?!
What is that?
Is that... mist under the transparent dome?
Damn, it's so easy for her to take us completely by surprise!
Huh, there you go serving something weird again.
What an excellent display that piques one's interest!
It is entirely befitting a celebration of food.
Temari sushi, is it?
Yes.
I used every technique I had at my disposal to create this temari bento.
It's so beautiful!
Hmm, the mist was from liquid nitrogen.
It also had the purpose of keeping the sushi fresh with the chill, I presume.
If I may,
I'd like to ask that you eat the bento starting from the upper left.
First, the bounties of the sea.
There's foam on top of the abalone.
That foam is kelp stock.
The abalone was also wrapped in kelp during preparation.
By wrapping abalone in kelp,
you can get rid of excess moisture and prolong its freshness.
It's a method well-suited for making bento.
You're right.
But I doubt that's the only reason for the kelp.
For that sushi,
I used bonito that has been aged for two days at low temperatures.
Hmm...
The umami is out of this world!
This umami isn't coming from the bonito alone...
It's inosinic acid from the bonito
and glutamic acid from the kelp used in the first sushi.
Those umami factors have a synergistic effect.
This bento dish forms a complete picture in your mouth
as you eat each sushi in succession.
Wow.
I want to try that!
It looks delicious.
The second row is next.
They are a type of sushi using vegetables called sushi cakes in some circles.
Pumpkin
No nori was used in these sushi.
Instead, paper-thin slices of vegetables are used to wrap the sushi.
Beet
Nozawana
This bento has no use for heavy, dark colors.
Zucchini
And finally, the third row.
This practically screams, I'm the main dish!
It is aged beef fillet sushi.
Beef Fillet
Here comes another wave!
The two umami factors just spread through your mouth...
I can see where the inosinic acid comes from, given that there's meat involved,
but where's the glutamic acid coming from?
Tomatoes.
Tomatoes?
I don't see them anywhere.
It was a component of the sushi cakes.
I used a centrifuge to separate tomatoes into pigment, fiber, and jus.
Pigment
Fiber
Jus
The jus was filtered several times to remove impurities.
A few drops of that jus was added to the sushi cakes.
I see!
To think that the original ingredient was rendered completely invisible!
Now, the last item.
What is the sphere nestled next to the sea bream sushi?
The sphere...
This is a sea bream chazuke that comes together on your tongue!
The darling of molecular gastronomy.
Her techniques does justice to her moniker.
She was able to entertain her guests with her cooking from start to finish.
This deep satisfaction
is as though we just enjoyed a feast at a luxurious traditional Japanese restaurant!
From this tiny bento box
roars forth such...
He's bared his chest!
There he goes!
The director's gone bare-chested!
Well done.
This is Nakiri Alice's true strength.
How can such a chef be the same age as us?
Even if I spent my entire life trying to reach her level, I never will...
When one's genius shines too brightly, it casts a shadow.
That is her karma.
This is Totsuki Academy.
I have no need for weaklings who would falter by this display.
Look.
Five bentos, all done!
There's at least one chef who is not deterred.
Yukihira Soma, what is your dish?
Nori bento.
What?!
Did he say nori bento?!
What?!
How can he possibly hope to beat Nakiri Alice with that?
Soma's Nori Bento (Assumption)
Nori bento?!
What the hell?
He's finished.
Yukihira-kun.
Huh?
What's a nori bento?
What, you don't know?
I can make one for you later.
It's not just any nori bento, though.
It's Yukihira-Style Evolved Nori Bento!
Enjoy!
They're called lunch jars.
They're made of stainless steel, and can retain the heat of rice and soup.
Hmm, Japanese bento boxes are pretty advanced.
More recent models can retain their contents' heat for up to half a day.
Sides
Rice
Soup
If you heat up the soup before you put it in the jar,
it does a better job of keeping the rice warm.
Oh, how clever!
Where's the tension?
It's not like the match is over.
She's being condescending toward Yukihira.
She's all smiles because she's convinced she'll win.
Hmm, first, there are three side dishes.
Hmm!
This fish cake fried with nori is amazing!
I made the fish cake from scratch.
He used beer in the batter.
Alcohol is more volatile than the batter,
so it becomes light and crispy.
Huh?
Why do you know what he did, Ryoko?
I saw Yukihira-kun testing his dish at the dorm last night,
so I asked for a taste.
Oh!
So much umami's bursting forth!
I can smell the sea!
I'll envelop you.
Wh-Who are you?
The kinpira-style sauteed burdock also has a mellow, deep flavor.
I've added just a bit of mayonnaise and balsamic vinegar as secret ingredients.
I see.
You were very meticulous with this dish.
Oh!
Look how easily the chopsticks cut through the fried cod!
The cod must've been first simmered in stock and seasoning before it was fried.
That step gave it its soft, flaky texture.
What?!
What a pure, mild flavor it has!
It is like a gentle highlands breeze!
What refined flavor!
Where is this coming from?!
The answer to that question can be found in the stock.
This is dried tuna stock.
That's right.
The cod was simmered in stock made from dried tuna and rishiri kelp.
Dried tuna...
That would've been made from yellowfin tuna.
Yes.
While it is not as rich as bonito stock, it has a very delicate and elegant umami.
Cod also has a light umami, so the dried tuna is a perfect match.
What a light dish!
The soup is next!
Oh!
It's bacon and onion miso soup!
Ah, this too...
The unique fragrance of the tuna stock fills your nostrils.
Combined with the meltingly sweet onions,
it's as though the soup envelops your entire body.
Also, there is a trick to taking advantage of this bento box.
Just by putting the stock, ingredients, and seasonings in the container,
you can have a sweet soup a few hours later.
The vegetables will be cooked through.
Oh, that's useful.
Today, there won't be any time delay, so I've cooked the ingredients already.
You know a lot about bentos.
Sure. I've made them at my family's diner.
But that's not enough, Yukihira-kun.
Your efforts are all too conventional.
Even bentos should be full of spectacular surprises.
Just like my Temari Bento.
Yeah, yours did look really tasty.
Let me try it sometime.
Yes, of course.
But was your dish really amazing as a bento?
What did you say?
I'm asking you what we should be putting in bento boxes.
Diner Yukihira
One of my diner's regulars was a granny called Kiyo-san.
She came almost every day,
but one day, she hurt her back, and couldn't come.
Hello?
Granny Kiyo!
Is your back okay?!
Soma-chan, isn't your diner busy right now?
Ow...
Here you go!
What?
You haven't had dinner yet, right?
Later!
You came here just to deliver this?
The diner was super empty,
so I made this for you.
Eat this and get better!
Diner Yukihira
A person should taste what I was trying to deliver
in the bento box that day.
The flavors, and what lies beyond!
What?
What is this rice?
There are strange black grains on top of the rice.
What's that?
Caviar?
Fish roe?
It's black.
How curious!
Nonetheless, I must try this.
Knock on wood!
It feels like salmon roe bursting in your mouth!
What gushes forth from within is the umami of nori!
The nori's salty umami goodness bursts forth to coat each grain of rice.
I can't stand it!
It's addicting!
You made those spheres by extracting the nori's umami
and adding sodium alginate and potassium chloride.
Molecular gastronomy!
But that's...
How do you know this technique?
I was invited by Isshiki-senpai the other day to help out at a kids' cooking class.
Huh?
I got to be buddy-buddy with the kids.
At the end of class, they gave me snacks and stuff.
One of the snacks reminded me of something...
Pop-A- Spheres
When I was a kid, I'd tried one of these.
What?
A cheap candy product?!
What are you talking about?
This is one of those so-called educational snacks.
Potassium chloride and sodium alginate...
It's a snack that lets you make artificial fish roe.
I was really into it as a kid.
I played around with it quite a bit.
Look, Dad!
I made miso soup solid!
Wow, that's cool.
But don't ever serve that at our diner.
These black beads are nori umami bombs
that I made from seasoned nori.
He thought of a molecular gastronomy technique from a cheap candy product?
Hm?
There's something else in the rice...
So much flavor!
It's dried tuna simmered down in soy sauce!
It was a four-layer dish!
If Nakiri Alice's dish was a meticulously-arranged jewel box,
this nori bento is a treasure box full of marvels waiting to be discovered!
It reminds me of my field trips and picnics as a child...
That excitement when I'd open the bento box...
It's all coming back to me now!
My Temari Bento included even a finishing dish: the sea bream chazuke!
The overall taste quality was higher in mine
Oh, please stop!
Can you leave about one-third of the rice?
There's yet another compartment under the very first lid.
It's kudzu sauce!
That kudzu sauce has three times more dried tuna and rishiri kelp than the norm!
Pour it over the piping hot rice and dig in.
Let's finish up.
Of course that's...
Ah, kudzu sauce!
It's so good!
Combined with the nori bombs...
Those judges...
They're eating like it's really fun,
unlike when they were eating Nakiri Alice's dish.
Yukihira-kun.
Are you trying to make the point that bentos should contain heart?
What's important is the flavor, isn't it?
Don't get all mind over matter on me
No!
It's not about that, Alice.
Grandfather!
When'd he get bare-chested?!
Alice, your bento took advantage of the cold.
Yes, because bentos should be chilled.
Yukihira Soma didn't get fixated like that.
He first thought about the bento container,
then filled it with entertainment whose flavor was enhanced by warmth.
That's what this bento is.
Of course, your dish was delicious in the extreme.
But wouldn't you say that you would've served the same dish
if the theme had been sushi?
You merely used your skills to fill that box.
There are flavors that can only be communicated through bento.
There are creative techniques you can devise to advance bento culture.
Bentos can be fun and innovative in their own way.
Did your dish capture any of that?
Well, sure... but what's important is the flavor.
I don't disagree with that.
Dig in, Nakiri Alice!
Alice-sama, you look well.
How is Erina-sama?
Please give Erina-sama my regards.
Erina-sama.
Erina-sama!
Erina-sama.
Erina-sama!
Erina-sama...
Father, I would like to go to your research lab in Scandinavia!
Please take me there now!
What's cutting edge... the most advanced...
I must gain weapons that are mine alone, so that I won't lose to Erina...
I can't lose to anyone...
Bring me the brush!
It's so warm...
Round one, match one!
The victor...
Yukihira Soma
Glad you liked it!
He won!
Woohoo!
Yukihira!
Miss Alice...
Yukihira, you're really interesting.
Soma
Soma-kun.
Wow!
You're amazing!
The second match is about to begin.
Please get ready.
Oh, o-okay.
Charm for Academic Success
It's my turn next...
The Second Dish
Next Episode: The Interplay of Light and Shadow
Next episode: The Interplay of Light and Shadow.
