Father was hopping mad, you know.
I didn't do anything!
After what those guys said about you.
Ayato, do you understand why Father's forbidden you to fight?
You have tremendous power.
But excessive power can end up hurting not just others...
but you yourself as well, Ayato.
I don't get it.
At any rate, you're still too young, Ayato.
Then when can I start?
I guess when you find what it is that you're supposed to do, Ayato.
What I'm supposed to do?
Right. And that will probably be the day
that you decide how you're going to use that power.
Have you already found what it is that you're supposed to do, Big Sister?
Of course.
What I'm supposed to do is protect you, Ayato.
And for me, that's the most important thing of all.
Then... Then I'm going to protect you, too, Big Sister!
That will be my...
Oh, that's right.
Ser Veresta
Hey, is that you, Julis?
What a coincidence! Fancy meeting you here.
You! What are you doing here?
Who the hell are you?!
Hey! He's that transfer student!
What the hell?
I'm Ayato Amagiri. Nice to meet you.
Why, you...
Awesome! Awesome!
Hey, who said you could record this?!
Lester, pushing it any further would be a bad idea!
Well, I'm not giving up!
I'm gonna make you acknowledge my abilities if it's the last thing I do!
First the duel this morning,
and now your cool-headedness in confronting Lester...
You really are a tough one.
Am I really?
It'll be quite the spectacle, seeing how long that look of innocence will last.
This isn't as forgiving a place as you think, you know.
Then why are you fighting here, Julis?
You're a princess, aren't you?
For money.
I'm in need of money, you see.
That's why I'm fighting here.
First off, the Phoenix Festa.
That's the first thing I've got to conquer.
Then have you already found a partner?
Phoenix is a tag-team Festa, you know.
Julis, don't you have any friends?
I-It's not because I don't have any friends that I haven't found a partner yet, all right?
Well, it is true that I have no friends.
But that's irrelevant!
I simply haven't found anyone who meets my standards as a partner.
So you readily admit that you don't have any friends.
By the way, what kind of partner are you looking for?
Well, beggars can't be choosers,
but at most, someone with Page One-level combat skills,
who has a quick mind, a strong will, and a noble spirit, much like a knight.
High bar, much?
Whoops, my deadline's coming up!
All right, guys, I'm out of here!
I suppose I'll be heading back myself.
Hey... uh... Julis?
What is it?
W-Which way's the boys' dorm again?
Really, now!
After what you went through this morning...
You could at least do your homework and study the guide map!
What's wrong?
No... I just thought, so you do laugh like that sometimes.
Wh-Wh-Where did that come from?!
Even I've been known to laugh at times!
If you go straight that way, you'll come to a path that leads to the boys' dorm!
Just keep to it from there!
Now what?!
Would you mind showing me around the academy sometime?
And while we're at it, the city, too.
Is that some kind of joke?! Why should I?!
But you said yourself that you'd do anything I asked, just once.
True, I did say that...
But is that all you want?
Yeah. First, I've got to get used to this academy, right?
I suppose it can't be helped. A debt is a debt, after all.
All right, then, I'll show you around the academy tomorrow after class,
and we'll tour the city on our next day off... How's that?
Good morning, Julis.
Right, good morning.
Hey, did you hear that?
Did that princess actually return someone's greeting?
H-How rude is that, you wretches?!
Even I am known to return greetings, too!
S-Saya?
Ayato?
What are you doing here, Saya?!
Hey, what's this? You guys know each other?
Yeah... What a shock.
I haven't seen you since you moved overseas,
so does that make it six years or so?
Yeah. I'm totally in shock.
Still, you haven't changed at all, have you, Saya?
It's like you're exactly the way you were back then.
That's not true.
I've gotten taller, for one thing.
Y-You have?
I gotta say, what a small world!
This might even be one of those fateful reunions!
Fateful reunion?
Yeah, well-put, Yabuki.
By the way, how's your dad doing?
He's almost doing too well.
I wish he'd slow down.
The reason I came here is because Dad told me to.
Your dad?
He told me to get some exposure for the gun he invented.
That's the reason?
I had my own reasons, too. So I don't mind.
I see. And what would that reason be?
Well, that's...
a secret.
Ah, yes. I see, I see...
Better not get any tasteless ideas.
Gotcha, loud and clear!
All right, all right, sit yourselves down!
Homeroom's now in session!
Well, if it isn't you, Sasamiya!
Good morning.
So why were you a no-show yesterday, huh?
I'll hear you out, so talk to me!
I merely overslept.
I see, you overslept, huh?
Ohhh... ouch.
Idiot! How many times have you pulled this?!
You're taking a make-up class on your next day off, got it?!
Looks like you still have trouble getting up in the morning, too.
My bed holds me hostage.
Well, I guess that should do.
Do you remember that park we always used to play in as kids?
Yeah. Where there was a huge lake, right?
Right, right! Remember when we...
Are you ready yet?
Hey, Julis.
Okay, I'm depending on you.
I have no choice.
A promise is a promise, after all.
What promise?
Julis's going to give me a tour of the academy today.
Riessfeld is? But why?
Because... Well, it's quite complicated.
It's no concern of yours, Sasamiya.
Come on, let's go.
Uh, right!
Hold up.
I'll show Ayato around.
You said I have no choice, Riessfeld.
In that case, you shouldn't have a problem with me taking your place.
I appreciate your offer,
but unfortunately, I have no intention of breaking a promise I've made.
But I think Ayato would rather have me than a guide who's not into it.
It's not that I'm not into it!
In the first place, whereas you just started here this year, Sasamiya...
As someone who's been here since junior high, I'd make a far better guide!
Hey, both of you...
Well! If that's the criteria,
then that certainly makes me the most qualified, doesn't it?
After all, Julis transferred in during our third year of junior high,
but I've been a bona fide student here since first year.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Actually, before you do anything else, get away from me, Claudia!
My goodness, you're all so callous.
Since I'm here, I wanted to join in on the fun, but...
No way.
Permission denied!
In that case, why don't I just take care of business and withdraw?
Look... They're touching me, okay?
Here. Take a look at this.
As I mentioned the other day,
your Lux weapon selection and compatibility test will be held tomorrow.
If there are no issues, please sign those documents.
Oh, that's what you're here for.
If the student council president is hand-delivering mere documents,
you must have a lot of time on your hands.
Yes, as our students are all such good children, it makes our jobs so much easier.
I've been wondering about this yesterday, but are you two friends?
- Yes, indeed we are! - Not on your life!
My, my, how cold we are!
We're longtime acquaintances
who've run into each other at the Vienna Opera House Ball several times.
If you're done here, then why don't you take off?
Shoo, shoo!
Good day to you.
However, tomorrow I'm going to have Ayato all to myself, so...
consider yourself warned!
Seriously, that vixen!
Getting so carried away just because her breasts are somewhat large!
At the end of the day, those things are nothing but fat, anyway!
Agreed.
Hey! All right, then,
since you're both here, maybe I'll have you both show me around?
Very well.
Oh, why not? It would be a pain to argue any further, anyway.
This is the Club Building.
Well, I suppose you'll be making your way here
when you want to lodge a complaint with the media clubs.
This is the Committee Center.
If you have any issues with your benefits, you need to go through here.
I see.
There are seven different places to eat on campus,
but since this underground cafeteria is often relatively empty, you should use it.
That's news to me.
You know, Sasamiya, it's not like I'm showing you around, you know.
Well, but I'm directionally-challenged.
Then I'm amazed that you still insisted on giving the tour yourself!
That's not a compliment!
H-Hey, let's take a break.
I'll go get us some drinks.
Riessfeld, I want to ask you something.
What is it?
Why do you have to show Ayato around?
Because I owed him, that's why.
That's all there is to it.
Owed him how?
In the middle of a duel, see...
Duel?
You mean you dueled Ayato, Riessfeld?
That's right. Didn't you know?
How did it end?
We were interrupted midway. So the duel was voided.
That doesn't make sense.
What about it doesn't?
After dueling Ayato, there's no way that you'd live to tell the tale.
You're powerful, Riessfeld.
I do know that.
But at best, you're about my level.
And that's not good enough to take on Ayato.
You're full of swagger, aren't you?
Fine. Want to test that theory?
Those arrows...
The same as that other one!
So I've been caught off-guard yet again!
Burst into bloom, Longiflorum!
Boom.
What in the world is that?
A 38-type Lux grenade launcher, the Helnekrom.
A grenade launcher?!
Yeah.
Burst.
Kaboom.
You're a lot more extreme than you look.
Not as much as you, Riessfeld.
Shall we continue?
No, let's call it off.
Fine, then.
Hey, what's all this?
What happened here?
Why are you in such a rush?
Hey... don't look!
If you look at me, you're so dead!
I'm not looking! I'm not looking!
Hmm, totally see-through. Now this is lurid.
Come on! At least try to cover yourself a bit, too, Sasamiya!
Wait! You... where are your undergarments?
So tragic...
I don't need them yet.
I hear you had quite a time yesterday.
SEIDOUKAN ACADEMY TOP 5 ATTACKED
Yeah, I guess so.
Do you think the suspects will be caught?
To be honest, that might prove difficult.
The Disciplinary Committee has been investigating,
but the suspect is nowhere to be found, and not a clue in sight, I hear.
No matter how you look at it, wasn't yesterday's incident a clear-cut crime?
- If that's the case... - Yes...
Asterisk does have its own police force,
STAR HUNTER POLICE UNIT
but its jurisdiction doesn't extend to the school grounds.
If only Julis were a bit more cooperative,
there'd be measures that we could take.
Yeah, she's like, No need for an investigation or bodyguards.
Why is she being so stubborn?
Most likely, it's all that girl can do to protect what's in her own hands.
Should she try to acquire something new,
what she already has could slip through her fingers.
What's in her own hands...
Here we are!
What's this?
So you're already here?
This is our other Ogre Lux applicant.
What the... What are you doing here?!
Have you two already met, by any chance?
So what's the process for renting out a Lux?
It's quite simple.
We measure your compatibility with the Lux you're requesting,
and if it's over 80, you can check it out.
What's this? Mr. MacPhail's chosen the Ser Veresta?
My goodness...
All right, let's go!
So that's the Ser Veresta...
The Ogre Lux that my sister might have used.
What was that?
We're ready to start testing.
Please begin.
Current compatibility rate... 32.
Don't mess with me!
He's been rejected.
I've heard about the Ogre Luxes having something like a will of their own, but...
is that what I'm seeing?
I'm not done yet!
Not that his power-at-all-costs mindset is all that repulsive...
But apparently, the Ser Veresta can't be persuaded by force alone.
You can tell?
Because I, too, am an Ogre Lux wielder.
Damn you! Why won't you obey me?!
Now, this doesn't look good.
You'll do as I say, dammit!
The compatibility rate's slipped into negative territory!
Proceeding any further would be dangerous!
Please withdraw immediately!
Ayato!
I guess I have no choice.
Ayato!
Sorry, but I don't like being pestered.
Just like you!
Just what I'd expect of you, Ayato. That was masterful.
C-Compatibility... 97!
Condition... all green!
So do you think they'll be okay with passing this on to me?
What am I doing here again?
Ayato?
Because I trust you, I'd like to ask a favor of you.
Tonight, could you possibly make a little time for me?
Claudia? I'm coming in.
Oh, my... so you're here?
Oh, Ayato!
Timing your arrival to coincide with my exit from the shower!
I'd expect no less of you.
But the truth is...
Episode 3 - A Holiday for Two
I am so scheming.
