Japanese language: Zero.
Math: Zero.
Geography and history: Zero.
You have a real knack for stupidity, don't you?
You're mean.
How did you score a zero in English when you've lived in England?!
English
What exactly have you been studying up till now?!
Art.
What about math and science?
I've never studied those.
There's no saving this one...
Looks like you've got it rough right from the first day of summer break.
Jin-san, help me!
Her makeup exams are tomorrow,
but she's not ready at all!
What about Chihiro-sensei?
She left it up to me and went to a mixer instead.
And Shiina isn't even worried about it
Hey!
What did I just say?!
I need to do some storyboards for a serialized manga.
My goal is to have them ready by next month's meeting.
Did Ayano-san tell you to do that?
Yes.
Then you'd better pass those makeup exams quick!
Kouhai-kun!
Let's play!
Where did you come in from?!
My own personal elevator.
Now I can come directly to this room without using the stairs.
Convenient and comfortable, it's a victory for technology.
And how do you get back?
What's all this you're doing behind my back?
What's going on? What's going on?!
We're helping Shiina with her makeup exams.
Misaki-senpai, why don't you help out?
Just memorize the info.
What?!
It's the only way...
Huh?
The music and art makeup exams...
are the same as the original test.
Unlike General Studies students,
the school has different expectations for art students.
Mashiro-chan, you got a sample answer sheet, didn't you?
Yes.
You say to memorize the answers,
but she can't do it in a day
I've memorized them.
What?!
I only have to see them once to memorize them.
I imagine them as pictures.
Who was the ancient Egyptian pharaoh who rejected polytheism?
Amenhotep IV.
What is the formula to solve quadratic equations?
X equals minus b, plus or minus the square root...
of b squared minus 4ac, divided by 2a.
Startling...
This almost smells like a scam...
Hey, if you're finished now, let's play!
We'll have a makeup-passing party!
She hasn't passed the exams yet!
Okay, okay! Mashiron, take this, hold on, and push!
I've never played a game before...
Don't just go along with it!
I can't take it anymore.
Their level of focus is extraordinary.
If they're not careful, they'll stay up all night.
I can't believe I lost to Shiina even though she's never played before...
So, you're not going home, then?
Given the situation, I don't think I can.
Chihiro-sensei told me to look after Shiina.
I'm staying, too. I haven't finished my new script yet...
Well, I'll do everything I can.
I can't just throw it all away.
What are you going to do over summer break?
I saw a game development audition in a magazine,
so I'm hoping to finish my pitch.
Hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
What do you think you're doing in here?!
I can't believe you're both into gay stuff like...
pouring your sweet nectar down each others' throats!
Nectar?
Please don't say weird things like that!
Kouhai-kun, it's time for revenge!
What?
You gonna let Mashiron beat you like that?!
Hey, wait!
You call yourself a man?!
Come on, Jin! Hurry up!
Her makeup exams start tomorrow morning!
Okay, okay.
Misaki-senpai!
Don't fall asleep during your test.
I'll be waiting for you in the classroom.
Okay.
It'll probably take about three hours...
Huh?
You Have One New Message. One Missed Call
Onii-chan, you said you'd come home over summer break!
Why haven't you called me?!
If you don't decide to come home,
my summer vacation plans will be ruined
Play Stop
Oh, crap. I forgot.
Go for the Game Grand Prize! Fujisawa Kazuki
Huh?
Kanda-kun, what are you doing?
Oh, Shiina's taking makeup exams, so I tagged along.
I'm just passing the time.
She still needs someone to chaperon her?
It's been four months since she arrived here.
Let's just say we're doing some dorm buddy bonding...
I see.
Anyway, what are you doing?
I was asked to.
You were? Why?
I was late paying my rent.
They said they'd contact my parents...
if I was late again this month.
Are you okay?
I'm fine, don't worry.
I got some more work, so as of next month...
Huh? Why now?
Here.
Huh?
Baumkuchen
It's okay. I'm on a diet.
Call it payback for the chikuwa you gave me the other day.
I said I don't want
Thanks...
Alarm: Convenience Store
I've got to go to work.
I'll pay you back for the baumkuchen once they pay me.
See you later.
Sorata.
Are your exams over?
You should apologize to all the students of the world...
who actually study...
I'm sorry.
Sound like you mean it!
I'm really sorry?
Why is it a question now?!
Listen, there are people in the world...
who work hard and still struggle!
Oh, it's Jin.
Huh?
No, Jin-san isn't a struggling student...
Jin must also have makeup exams.
His grades are excellent.
I'm sure he's already been referred to our college.
Maybe he came to do the paperwork for that...
Sorata.
Yeah?
I want Hashimoto Bakery's ultimate melon bun.
Where did that come from?
Chihiro said you'd buy me one if I passed my exam.
I wasn't informed of this...
Kanda-kun...
Wada: Off Aoyama: On Break Suzuki: Afternoon
Sorry for surprising you like that.
Are you sure you're not pushing yourself too hard?
I'm fine. I just felt a little lightheaded.
See? I'm fine now.
Aoyama, if you're really in trouble,
can't you ask your parents to send you some money?
No...
Is there a reason you can't?
Actually, my parents are...
opposed to me studying to be a voice actor.
Especially my father...
They let me start school on the condition that...
I pay for my living expenses...
without relying on them.
If the school contacts them, I'm certain they'll haul me away.
So, I can't ask them for money...
Then, why don't you come to Sakura Hall?
What?
It's a bit run down, but the rent's cheap.
It's been more lively since I brought all the cats back,
and I bet they'd be happy to see you.
Sakura Hall...
I hadn't even thought about it, but...
It's a little loud, but it's not that bad once you get used to it.
And the room next to Shiina's is free.
Sorata.
Huh?
Why won't you call me by my first name?
What?!
Where did that come from?!
Call her by her first name?!
I asked you to call me Mashiro.
We don't want strangers to overhear us...
and get suspicious about our relationship.
Your relationship?!
Oh, I mean...
Use my first name when it's just us two.
It's not just the two of us right now!
What's going on?!
Should I be suspicious about your relationship?!
Wait! Calm down!
Look! Someone's already got the wrong idea...
You're asleep?!
I'm tired...
You didn't let me sleep a wink last night...
What?!
No! Like I said, you've got the wrong idea...
Sorata, you weren't any good, but you did it again and again
Just shut up!
Kanda-kun, you shut up!
Me?!
We were at it all night, so my body's aching now.
K-K-Kanda-kun! I don't believe you!
No! A game!
We were playing video games until morning!
It was her first time, but for some reason, she was really good at it
Wake up! Please wake up!
If you don't, I'll die!
Kanda-kun...
Wh-What is it, Aoyama-san?
I've been wondering this for a while...
Are you two dating?
What makes you say that?!
She told you to use her first name!
And you said something about an owner for her...
Oh, but Shiina-san went on a date with Mitaka-senpai...
And after that, I went to a love hotel with Jin.
Though, I ended up spending the night with Sorata...
Hurry up and decide if you're going to sleep or stay awake, will you?!
N-N-No!
We're high school students!
We shouldn't have anything to do with d-d-debauchery!
Like I said, there's an explanation for all of this!
Shiina, say something.
This is where you should wake up!
I have an idea.
Wh-What's your idea?
I'll move to Sakura Hall and find out for myself...
if I have really got the wrong idea!
Listen, I've got one of Hashimoto Bakery's...
ultimate melon buns right here.
I'll give you this melon bun...
if you can promise me one thing.
I promise.
I haven't told you what the promise is yet!
Listen, Aoyama will be moving into Sakura Hall soon.
In other words, she'll see how we act every day.
I wake you up in the morning,
I put out your clothes for you,
I do your laundry and feed you,
and I even wash, fold,
and pick out your panties for you!
If she finds out about this,
who knows what that serious Aoyama will think...
I want to eat the ultimate melon bun.
I bet that's all you're thinking about right now, but...
Listen up!
At this rate, she'll be convinced that we're total perverts.
That's why I want you to promise that...
you'll take care of yourself from now on!
I will.
You just want to eat the bun, don't you?!
Why don't you just tell her you're dating?
What kind of warped logic is that?
If you're lovers, there's nothing strange about...
you washing Mashiro-chan's underwear.
Even Aoyama-san would accept that.
Brilliant idea, Jin-san. You're a genius
Out of the question!
You don't usually go in for sarcasm.
I understand what you're trying to say.
Really?
Put simply...
Yeah.
You don't have to make it sound so suggestive.
Yes!
Like I said, just tell her you're dating!
Annihilate her?
What are you, a warrior? A soldier?
We'll call your idea Plan B, Jin-san.
We'll use my idea as Plan A.
Annihilating her will be Plan C.
Absolutely not!
Oh, my stomach!
Rhinoceros Removals
Aoyama
Now I just have to unpack everything.
Okay!
Hikari.
It's good to see you again.
How have you been?
It's so nice you all got to come back.
Aoyama, what's wrong?!
Stop!
Please stop! Kamiigusa-senpai, no!
I'm helping!
Are you trying to play hero?
Kouhai-kun!
Nanamin wears things like this!
The more serious they seem,
the wilder they are in places we can't see.
My friend from back home gave them to me...
as a joke for my birthday!
I've never worn them!
Hey, she even has one of these!
My friend gave me that, too!
Your friend has good taste.
They're so easy to take off.
This is cute!
I want it!
No!
That's my best friend!
Best friend?
Sorata.
You did it again?
The tea spilled.
You mean you spilled it.
Kanda-kun! Mitaka-senpai! Close your eyes!
What?
Shiina-san, you need to get changed quickly!
Aoyama, wait!
Huh?
Th-This is your room?
So, she's seen the truth already.
I'm sure you don't realize it yet, but Shiina's from another world.
I figured she was unique, but I didn't think she was this odd.
Truth is, she can't take care of herself.
She's a master painter, though.
She's even making her debut as a manga artist,
Kanda: Mashiro Duty
but, well...
This is what you were talking about.
I understand.
I knew you would
But I can't accept it.
I mean, who could?
No matter how unusual your upbringing,
you should be able to take care of yourself!
I think there's a major problem...
with letting a boy do all her laundry and cleaning!
But, the other females in Sakura Hall...
are a lazy teacher and an alien.
You're forgetting someone.
Huh?
Starting today, I will be on Mashiro Duty!
Sakura Hall Meeting Minutes The person on Mashiro Duty has changed. By majority vote, Aoyama Nanami takes over Kanda Sorata's duties. Is this good enough for the minutes? -Aoyama Nanami, Secretary
You can do it, Nanamin!
I'll be cheering you on!
Aoyama: Mashiro Duty
Not like that!
That's too much!
You're putting in too much!
This is hard.
You can use a computer just fine.
Because that's necessary to draw manga.
Laundry is necessary, too!
Sorata.
You can't do this.
You're working multiple jobs,
and you're attending a training school.
You can't add Mashiro Duty to that...
I'm fine. I've got it all worked out.
As long as I explain it to her, I'm sure even Shiina-san can
What?
You can't just push random buttons!
W-Wait!
If you turn on a faucet, you have to turn it off.
Nanami, you're going to catch a cold.
You're walking the same path I did.
I already told you, I can do it!
You saw, didn't you?!
I didn't see!
I didn't see anything!
Liar! You have the look of someone who saw!
And what kind of look is that?!
Sorata.
What's up?
Fold these.
No! Don't ask boys to do things like that!
Don't help her!
O-Okay...
Huh? What's that?
Oh, it's my game pitch.
I've been writing it over summer break,
and I was thinking of submitting it to a development audition.
Kanda-kun, you...
Sorata, here.
Then, it's even more important that you don't!
You'll get in Kanda-kun's way!
What?
H-Hey, Shiina-san.
When it comes down to it, Aoyama and Shiina...
look like they're getting along.
Maybe girls really do get along better with other girls.
Well, thanks to her,
I finished my pitch sooner than I expected.
Kanda Sorata : How does this look for a pitch? Akasaka Ryunosuke : I just finished reading it.
Ah, there he is.
Kanda Sorata : How does this look for a pitch? Akasaka Ryunosuke : I just finished reading it. Kanda Sorata : What did you think?
Akasaka Ryunosuke : I will say that your idea is interesting. Akasaka Ryunosuke : In all honesty, in terms of form, it's nowhere near good enough for the audition.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : I will say that your idea is interesting. Akasaka Ryunosuke : In all honesty, in terms of form, it's nowhere near good enough for the audition. Akasaka Ryunosuke : It definitely won't make it past screening.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : I will say that your idea is interesting. Akasaka Ryunosuke : In all honesty, in terms of form, it's nowhere near good enough for the audition. Akasaka Ryunosuke : It definitely won't make it past screening. Kanda Sorata : You sure don't beat around the bush.
I will explain things in very simple terms so that
even your disappointment of a brain can understand.
You must first establish your concept, your target, and the benefits,
I'm not sure that first sentence was necessary.
explaining your content as clearly as possible.
Concept
Your concept is how you plan to invoke...
the kind of enjoyment you're aiming for.
Target
Your target is the age and sex of your intended audience.
H-Hold up.
The benefits are...
I can't take this all in at once!
I'm outlining the most basic of basic elements here.
Is even this too difficult for you, Sorata-sama?
You don't need to phrase it like that.
Kanda Sorata : You're as technical as I'd expect someone who actually works in the game industry to be. Kanda Sorata : To be honest, I may have underestimated this.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : You're naive.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : You're naive. Akasaka Ryunosuke : Stop thinking like a high school student.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : You're naive. Akasaka Ryunosuke : Stop thinking like a high school student. Akasaka Ryunosuke : The people evaluating your work are adults who make hundreds of millions of yen on games.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : You're naive. Akasaka Ryunosuke : Stop thinking like a high school student. Akasaka Ryunosuke : The people evaluating your work are adults who make hundreds of millions of yen on games. Akasaka Ryunosuke : This isn't a kids' game.
How much more salt are you going to rub in the wound?!
Akasaka Ryunosuke : Oh, and one more thing...
Akasaka Ryunosuke : Oh, and one more thing... Akasaka Ryunosuke : You should include images.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : Oh, and one more thing... Akasaka Ryunosuke : You should include images. Akasaka Ryunosuke : It'll make your pitch much more appealing than reams of endless text.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : Oh, and one more thing... Akasaka Ryunosuke : You should include images. Akasaka Ryunosuke : It'll make your pitch much more appealing than reams of endless text. Akasaka Ryunosuke : Signing off now.
Akasaka Ryunosuke : Oh, and one more thing... Akasaka Ryunosuke : You should include images. Akasaka Ryunosuke : It'll make your pitch much more appealing than reams of endless text. Akasaka Ryunosuke : Signing off now. Ryunosuke-sama has logged out.
In other words, it's a complete failure...
Concept Enjoyment Plan Target Target Age Target Sex
Corrections Include Images Ask Misaki-senpai... Problems Images? Think hard! Color? Explain... how?
H-Hey, Shiina!
What?
What do you mean, what?! What are you doing?!
I'm sleeping.
Sleep in your own room!
Nanami would come to wake me up in the morning.
Have you been working on your storyboards until now?
Yes...
Don't sleep! This isn't good, Shiina!
Sorata.
Huh?
When it's just the two of us, call me Mashiro.
O-Okay.
Mashiro...
Are you making any progress on your storyboards?
No...
Have you been getting enough sleep?
Not really...
Because you're not making any progress?
I don't know...
Shiina... I mean, Mashiro,
when is the magazine featuring your debut going to be published?
On the 10th...
Do you want to go buy it together?
I bet you're excited.
It's the first time your manga will be in print.
I knew this would happen...
Aoyama?
Kanda-kun, I knew you were after my body.
What?
I was stupid to trust you...
W-Wait!
Calm down! Look at the situation!
What are you talking about?
You snuck into a girl's room to
Huh? What?
Sorry!
I'm really sorry!
It's fine.
Why were you sleeping down here, anyway?
I felt like I'd fall asleep if I went back to my room.
I have a presentation at my training school,
so I need to memorize my lines...
When's that?
The 10th.
The 10th?
You don't have time for Mashiro Duty.
It's okay. I've still got a few days.
It's my turn to clean this week!
I need to put out the garbage!
I'll do it.
You get some rest.
It's okay! It'll only take a second.
You should accept the kindness of others.
Why are you being so stubborn about this?
I'm not being stubborn!
You're the one who should stop being so forceful!
What are you talking about?
I can do everything myself, so you don't need to worry!
I don't need your help!
How can someone who fell asleep down here say that?!
You're pushing yourself too hard!
Mind your own business!
I slept just fine, so it's no big deal!
Fine! Do whatever you want!
I will!
Whoops.
I appreciate the thought,
but I just went three rounds with Rumi-san,
so I'm beat.
Maybe another time.
You're both getting in the way of my cleaning, so just get out!
Also, Senpai, you should stop ignoring the rules about curfews
and permissions to stay out late!
Did you have a fight?
No...
We didn't fight!
Sorry you got caught up in this.
It's okay. I never could've said all that.
Asking someone who's so stubborn why they're being...
so stubborn.
Were you listening again?
Don't forget to make up with her.
What's wrong?
Um, Shiina's sleeping in my room right now,
so I was wondering if
What?
Where am I supposed to sleep?
I guess it doesn't matter. It's morning already...
05 The Serious Girl of Sakura Hall
Youth is synonymous with hassle.
06 The Blue After the Rain
Even if you mess up, you can just drink and puke, drink and puke,
and pretend you forgot everything that happened.
Hey, mister, give me a Hoppy. Heavy on the shochu.
