Whether or not anyone asked for you,
you will all be participating in internships with pros.
You've got an offer from a hero!
The hero's name is Gran Torino.
He was a teacher at U.A. for only one year.
The man who was my homeroom teacher.
I'm here from U.A. High. My name is Izuku Midoriya...
Nice to meet yo-
He's dead!
I'm alive!
He's alive!
Man...
When I was carrying a string of sausages with ketchup poured over them, I fell!
Pro Hero - Gran Torino
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All
That's too easily misunderstood!
Who are you?
I'm Izuku Midoriya from U.A.!
What?
I'm Izuku Midoriya!
Who are you?
C-Crap...
He's All Might's teacher.
I knew he would be pretty old, but this is...
I wanna eat something.
Eat?!
Toshinori!
No, that's not me!
Excuse me, I'm going to make a phone call...
Anyway, I should let All Might know about the state this guy's in...
What're you doing?!
Fire off a One For All at me.
I wanna know how well you can handle it.
What's with this guy? Suddenly...
This is a good costume. Wear it and fire!
Um...
Who are you?
I-It's no good!
I need to hurry
and quickly become able to handle my power.
Because All Might doesn't have any time left.
That's why...
I can't waste time messing around with you, sir.
Please excuse me.
In that case...
In that case, there's even more reason to fire one off!
You zygote!
Bizarre! Gran Torino Appears
I watched the U.A. sports festival on TV.
The way you used that power was unthinkable!
He's called the symbol of peace and the number one hero,
but that justice-obsessed All Might is worse than a novice when it comes to teaching.
Now, shall we begin, you zygotes?
He's using the same phrase.
The way they play dumb is the same, too.
This person must be All Might's teacher, after all!
I can't stand watching how you're using your power,
so I'll teach you.
Now, put on your costume!
I look forward to working with you!
Hero Costume B for Mr. Izuku Midoriya Specifications User Manual
The user manual.
Dear Mr. Izuku Midoriya,
when making repairs to your costume,
our company decided to make some changes to the materials and design.
Thank you for understanding.
I mean, it'll definitely be a lot cooler like this!
They changed the materials and design without asking...
I wonder if everyone in the support business is like Hatsume...
Either way, it's my first battle with version B of my mom's suit!
My preparations are complete.
Then, do it.
I-Is this really okay?
Honestly, I don't know how well I can use this suit yet,
and if there isn't more space, if I fire at 100 by accident,
your body wouldn't be able to take it, sir...
Good grief, you're such a chatterbox...
I'm losing patience!
We're having real combat?
You couldn't see my true strength with that hit earlier?
I can't believe the ninth holder of One For All is such a wet blanket...
All Might is a real novice.
He's too fast!
What's his Quirk?
No, that's not it.
Under these circumstances where there's no place to hide and no openings,
rather than carefully figuring out where he is,
I should keep him from moving.
Imagine the egg not breaking inside the microwave!
He's passed behind me twice!
Then-
Analysis and prediction, huh?
Smash...!
But,
you're stiff!
And there's discord within your mind!
That's why it turned out like this.
I thought I had you for sure!
That's it.
The way you used One For All in the cavalry battle and the tournament...
You should already understand it.
But your admiration for All Might and your sense of duty are like shackles.
Shackles...?
It's true that you need to get stronger, fast.
But time and enemies won't wait until you get stronger.
You're thinking One For All is more special than it is.
Then, what should I do?
Think about the answer yourself.
I'll go buy some grub.
I'll leave the cleaning to you.
Huh?!
My admiration for All Might... is a shackle?
Same Time - Hosu City
Normally, we're mostly just waiting for calls from clients,
but recently, you know, Hosu's been kind of hectic.
Pro Hero - Manual Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine
Street patrols become a way to suppress crime.
That's right.
But man, I can't believe Ingenium's little brother is interning at my agency.
I'm sure you had offers from heroes more capable than me.
Hero Killer... So elusive, he can't even be caught by the net of modern society.
I know this might be in vain.
Even so...
Even so, I cannot not go after him.
I see.
Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate
You were the ones who attacked U.A.
And you want to add me to your numbers.
Villain - Stain
Yeah. Come on, you've got so much more experience as a villain, sir.
What are you after?
For now, I just want to kill All Might.
I want to break everything I don't like.
Damn kids like this, too... Everything...
I was foolish to be interested.
You're the type of person I hate the most.
Huh?
You want me to go along with your childish tantrum?
What meaning is there in killing without conviction?
Hero Killer: Stain...
The man brought in to spur
Tomura Shigaraki's growth, since he cares only about destruction...
However, this is...
Master, is it all right to let this continue?
This is fine!
There's no point if we just tell him the answer.
He should think about where he still needs to mature.
Spur on his growth!
That is what it means to educate.
My admiration for All Might is a shackle.
Even though I understand how to use it, there's discord in my mind...
I'm thinking One For All is more special than it is.
Is that what's making my movements stiff?
What does stiff mean in the first place?
Thinking about it another way, what makes movement flexible?
Flexible...
I know!
Hero Analysis for the Future
I've been thinking about One For All and the smash as a special move.
I saw it used up close-why didn't I notice?
That's right. Quirks are part of your body.
I need to think of One For All more, more evenly!
That's it! I see!
His thinking is flexible.
I knew that from the way he moved at the sports festival.
You found someone pretty good, huh, Toshinori?
All Might...
Izuku Midoriya Quirk: One For All Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 7/15 Height: 166 cm Blood Type: O Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowls
Gran Torino Quirk: Jet He can move freely in the air with jet propulsion using the air that comes out of the soles of his feet.
Affiliation: Pro Hero Birthday: 1/28 Height: 120 cm Blood Type: B Likes: Taiyaki
In the center of Tokyo
Frankly, I don't like you.
Huh?
You only chose my agency because
No. 4 Hero Best Jeanist
I'm one of the top five most popular heroes, right?
Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion
You're the one that put in an offer!
Yeah.
Recently, I've only been getting good little kids,
so you were the first one in a while to strike a chord.
I watched you at the sports festival.
You were able to freely manipulate a Quirk with high potential,
and had a good grasp of application as well.
You're an outstanding talent already good enough to recruit as a sidekick.
However, you have a fatal flaw.
You believe yourself to be the strongest,
and you try to put that into practice not caring about how that looks-
You have a ferocious nature.
Did you choose me to give me a lecture-
It is part of my work as a hero to correct people like you.
Heroes and villains are two sides of the same coin.
I'll show those glaring eyes of yours
what makes someone a hero.
What're you trying to do?
Isn't it obvious?
I'm educating you to become an exemplary hero.
The way you speak, your appearance, controlling your emotions, enforcing your morals...
There are countless things to do.
In the short period of a week,
I will sew all that into your body.
Fourth Kind Agency
Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu - Quirk: Steel Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening
Tetsutetsu!
Kirishima!
Why are you here?!
Chivalrous Hero: Fourth Kind
We were able to put two offers in.
Let's get started without ado.
I look forward to working with you!
I saw your guts at the sports festival.
I like you two.
However, being a hero's not so easy that you can rely on brute force alone.
I will teach you that as someone with more experience.
As expected of the Chivalrous Hero!
So manly!
Wait for me to finish!
S-Sorry!
I'll teach you manners properly, too.
Thank you very much!
First, I'll tell you the major premise.
Pro heroes receive wages from the government, so we are civil servants,
but because of how this came about,
civil servants and pro heroes are very different.
Regarding the actual duties of a pro hero...
Basic hero duties involve controlling crime, see?
Battle Hero: Gunhead
When a crime occurs, the police will contact heroes for support.
The requests will come all at once by district, see?
We file reports on the services we provided, like assisting with arrests or rescuing people,
to the government office.
And then, we receive pay based on an examination conducted by a special agency.
We usually get a percentage.
Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity
The way he talks is cute.
TV Station
In addition, heroes are allowed to have side jobs.
When this was made official, there was a lot of argument about this,
Snake Hero: Uwabami
but that ended thanks to our popularity and public demand.
So now, I'm about to film a commercial.
Stick around, okay?
Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist
I wanted to experience something more hero-like, though...
No, this is not something you can avoid if you want to become a pro!
Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation
Besides, she is the one who fell for pathetic little me...
I will learn as much as I can!
She's going all out...
But all we can do while you're filming is watch, right?
Do you know why I chose you two?
It's because...
Isn't it because you fell for our qualifications as heroes?
Of course! But that's not all.
Hm?
It's also because you're cute!
Huh?
Tatooin Station
Heroes must practice and train every day.
Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack Pro Hero - Death Arms
That doesn't change even if they are on patrol!
R-Right!
Man, this is harder than class!
An important part of being a hero is knowing how to pass idle hours.
Pro Hero - Mt. Lady - Quirk: Gigantification
Do you understand?
Y-Yeah...
Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off
I'm not into this kind of stuff...
Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog
I have been waiting for you, Shoto.
It seems you are finally ready to take the path of the mighty, huh?
I have no intention of going down a path you made.
Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot
I will take my own path.
Oh well, you should get ready, too.
Pro Hero - Endeavor - Quirk: Hellflame
We're going out.
Where?
I'll show you what a hero is.
Internship Day 1 - Night
He is sleeping, right?
The first day, he ended up just testing me.
We didn't do any hero work.
And after coming back from buying food, he went to sleep.
Gran Torino. I didn't get any hits when I searched his name.
A U.A. teacher for just one year.
There are a lot of mysteries about him.
I need to think of One For All, of my own Quirk, more evenly.
What Kacchan and the others can do as naturally as breathing,
I still feel the need to use in a conscious way.
If I can use my power at 5 like breathing,
movements like that won't be impossible!
Mr. Aizawa and Kirishima said so, too-
If I can master my Quirk, there's a lot I can do!
First off, using it instantaneously and intermittently!
All right! It's a matter of getting used to it.
Even with just 5, I should be able to cross this distance.
If I can go jump, jump, jump,
then it'd be really cool!
Imagine an egg not breaking in the microwave!
Well, I knew this would happen...
I need to brace myself... and cushion my arms...
Which means, from the second jump, I'll need to put power into my arms and legs...
Snap
But if I don't do it quickly, then I might break more bones...
Thud
It'll take too long to visualize like I usually do.
All right, one more time!
Reinforce my arms-
Switch faster-
Faster! Faster!
What's that?
Let's go! We shouldn't get involved.
Faster!
Morning. What's wrong?
I was training on my own yesterday and got a little too caught up in it.
I tried to digest what you said to me and put it into practice,
but I have a long way to go.
It's your first time trying it, so that's only to be expected.
It can't be helped.
It's hard to get that kind of thinking from All Might.
Since he was able to use it normally from the start,
I taught him in a different way.
His only redeeming feature was his body.
All Might as a student?
What was he like?!
Hm? Oh...
It was nothing but practical training for him.
That's why he was so scared of you...!
I couldn't teach him half-heartedly
because he was the man entrusted to me by my sworn friend, who had passed away.
What? All Might's predecessor passed away?
Huh?
Delivery!
Oh, I'll get it.
You haven't told him about the seventh holder, Toshinori?
Thanks for your hard work!
A microwave?!
For some reason, it broke yesterday!
So I used expedited delivery.
I can't tell if he's serious or faking it...
All right, kid! We're gonna eat those frozen taiyaki I bought yesterday.
Get ready!
We're having taiyaki for breakfast?
I like sweets!
To use One For All like I'm breathing...
Thinking about it objectively,
I have to catch up to the feeling everyone else had fifteen years to cultivate.
Time waits for no one.
At this rate, in order to draw out more than 5 of my power,
I'll need as long as it'd take to build up my body.
Yeah, this is it! Get it while it's hot!
My time is limited...
What should I do...?
Why the long face?
For now, just eat a piping hot taiyaki and-
It's cold!
What? No way!
I microwaved it on defrost, though...
Are you an idiot? You stuck a huge plate in, didn't you?
If you force a plate in like that, it won't turn,
so only part of it will get hot.
Is this your first time using a microwave?!
Growl
Oh, ours wasn't the turning type...
I'm sorr-
I've got it!
G-Gran Torino!
This-
This taiyaki is... me!
No, it's not. Are you okay?
Oh, no, that's not what I meant.
It's just, I get it now.
Up until now, I've insisted on using One For All.
Using it when I need it, in the places that need it.
Like flipping on a switch.
But with that, my reaction time got slower and slower with the second and third moves.
If that's the case, then I should've turned the switch on throughout from the beginning!
Imagining the heat that used to only be in one place...
It didn't take him long to figure that out.
In my whole body, continuously!
To the upper limit of what my body will allow-5!
To visualize a taiyaki in a microwave is really boring. You okay with that?
All Might's already said... that's fine...!
Can you move in that state?
I don't... know...
Wanna give it a try?
Yes.
Please!
Preview
You finally called me for the preview, huh?
T-Tomura Shigaraki!
It took a long time, don't you think, Midoriya?
I don't have anything to do with-
Then, starting this week, I'll be in charge of all the previews.
Help! All Might!
Next time, Midoriya and Shigaraki.
The League of Villains goes wild.
I'll crush all of you, whether you're a hero, or a hero killer!
Go beyond!
Midoriya and Shigaraki
I won't go.
Go beyond!
I won't go.
