Distant Thunder (Part 2)
Isn't that a downer?
It's like you're going over there to strangle an old, senile dog.
It kind of makes you worry.
I thought in a situation like this, maybe you're the type to throw the match.
Because you're such a nice guy.
Shouichi Matsunaga, 7th dan.
65 years old. From Fukushima Prefecture.
He became a professional at 25 years old, so he has 40 years of experience.
At his best, he was in Rank B-1 for one term.
I've spotted him many times at the Shogi Hall.
I saw the back of a small statured man who always walked briskly.
Sendagaya Station
This scenery for 40 years...
Forty years. I said it out loud, but I couldn't imagine it.
That's over twice as long as I've been alive.
On this 81-square board, he's lived and died over and over.
Mr. Matsunaga...
I hear if Mr. Matsunaga is demoted to C-2, he'll finally retire.
Forty years... An overwhelming span of time.
I wonder how he feels right now.
I can't imagine.
Well, crap.
God, to be honest, I just want to go home.
But please somehow let me win!
Clap-clap. And so on.
Ehhh?!
Gong
That's how he feels?
True, I didn't imagine that.
Now he's drawing a fortune paper!
And he's incredibly agitated!
What did it say? Oh no, he looks super depressed!
You shouldn't even draw a fortune slip at a time like this!
I-I should go! I need to get to the table, calm down, and wait for him.
Feels like he saw something he shouldn't have
Shogi Hall
So... um...
Mr. Matsunaga isn't here!
Thump Thump
D-Don't tell me he really did go home...
He's here! What a relief.
He stopped?
He's not moving?
H-He moved.
Psychological warfare? Some kind of veteran player strategy?
It's time.
Please begin.
If you would.
So, how will he play?
Sharp
Forty years...
What will my life be like in 40 years?
5-c-Silver General? The Bear in the Castle?
Surrounds himself, and then he means to have a long, careful battle?
Then I'll go with 1-e-Pawn.
That keeps the king pinned down so I can attack whenever I need to.
7-d-Pawn. A sudden attack?
He's not doing Bear in the Castle? I can't tell what his strategy is.
Hmph!
Then I'll...
1-b-Lance?
What? So he's doing Bear in the Castle after all?
Upsy daisy.
Continue Operation
I can't tell. What is this?
Moving the pieces randomly? No, there's no way.
I think he's just trying to confuse me?
He has some kind of plan, right?
The calm mind is the way.
White Side Matsunaga 7th-Dan
Shuffle shuffle. Phew.
The bear goes in!!
All right, it's in there. Then here I go!
7-e-Pawn
Did he just make a weird noise?
What expression is that?
Tea
The Bishop... Um... Knight...
Wait a minute, he wasn't thinking about it? No countermeasure against 7-e-Pawn?
Pawn...
And I can see someone behind him!
Bam!
Whoa...
So 3-b-Silver General?
Now Mino Castle?!
Thump
Thump
Okay, 7-g-Knight.
Matsunaga 7th-Dan...2-b-King
Wait, it's coming out?!
Please stay there! If you move now, you'll be in trouble, Mr. Bear!
EEEk!
Th-This is painful.
For some reason, it's very painful.
Shoot.
Yikes. The king and rook are in check.
That's true.
But if I place the bishop there, he'll match it at 5-e, and then a 3-f-Knight...
Well, that is dubious...
Sh-Shoot! If he takes my rook...
Glance
Glance? What?
Is he luring me in? Is he babbling? Hiding his true intentions? But his acting is bad!
Too much Too much
Th-This is painful. This is seriously painful for some reason.
I've never felt like this.
It would be difficult to lose on purpose, even if I wanted to!
E-Enough. Let's finish this. Yes!
It kind of makes you worry.
Because you're such a nice guy.
I'm really sorry.
Such a nice guy, such a nice guy, such a nice guy...
I'm grateful you said that about me, but...
I don't think I'm nice at all.
Matsunaga 7th-Dan appears!
Player: Kiriyama
Matsunaga 7th-Dan appears!
Fight Strategy Escape Items
I'm sorry! I'm from the pressure-free generation, with no patience!
Player: Kiriyama
Choose a strategy Take Care of Your Life Let's Go Go Attack
Let's Go Go Attack
Shogi Hall
I'm really sorry!
And so, 15 Minutes Later
Clatter Clatter
Shogi players must never do this.
Wh-What a bad attitude!
What? What's going on?
Where's the dignity of 40 years of professional shogi?
I mean, even as a human being, what is this?
Are you sure you want to go out this way?
At least, make me respect you!
Enough. Hurry! Let's hurry and go home!
I don't want to wait together for the elevator with him,
so I'll dash down the stairs!
Gasp
Apparently was thinking the same thing
Trip
Ba-Bam
Eek, Mr. Matsunaga!
Um... Are you okay?
Do I look okay? I nearly died!
Let's get you to a doctor. I'll go with you!
D-Doctor? I don't like doctors! It was just a small trip.
This is why you youngsters are so pathetic.
But you said you nearly died!
Shut up! Stop whining. Go, already! Get lost!
I don't want to see your face
Grumble!
Gr-Gr-Gr-Gr
Treat me.
Treat me to soba! No, grilled eel!
But you just told me to get lost!
So which is it?!
The deluxe meal! You've got the money, don't you?
Distant Thunder (Part 2)
Distant Thunder (Part 3)
Delicious! This aroma! The famous Mr. Miyanogawa does not disappoint!
4,720 yen (2 Layer Deluxe Meal)
It's hot and tender to the core!
2,100 yen (Standard Meal on Bamboo)
What is it, kid? Your first time eating eel?
Delicious, right?
If you wanna be first-class, you gotta start by eating first-class food.
Am I right?
Heh-Heh
Chew Chew
Well, I am paying for this.
Miyanogawa
Oh, geez. Don't be such a stiff.
Not a single drop of emotion. You're ruining the taste of my beer! Grr.
Well, Kouda is your foster parent.
He was also a prize pupil, really strong, but no personality whatsoever.
Come to think of it, he's got that daughter, too. A real darling.
Strong-willed, with a face as beautiful as the devil.
But she's pretty scary.
When she becomes an adult, just you wait.
She'll become a poisonous woman.
Living under a roof with that kind of person, I bet you got tormented by her.
But, y'know, all women are scary.
You should meet my wife, sheesh...
Splashy
Oops!
Shudder Shudder Shudder
That scary?!
Bad topic. It's makin' the booze go bad.
I know. Excuse me! Sake! The sake menu, please!
Drinks
Fukushima- Soul of Aizu
They've got Soul of Aizu!
Do you know about Soul of Aizu?
It's sake from my hometown, Aizu.
It smells great.
Tokyoites say people from Fukushima
are stubborn and too serious.
But we're aware of our surroundings and emphasize etiquette.
They're clueless about the soul of the true Fukushima!
Hmph
Shouichi Matsunaga
Let's go back to the year 1643.
The third Tokugawa shogun, Iemitsu
recognized a minor feudal lord with just 30,000 koku
for his shrewdness and stern honesty.
He was granted an extremely generous 230,000 koku and became
Masayuki Hoshina
the first-generation feudal lord of Aizu. That was Masayuki Hoshina.
He was a truly wise ruler!
Masayuki was not only an administrator, but was made the adjunct
to the fourth Tokugawa shogun, Ietsuna.
As the center of the shogunate administration, he set forth a number of policies.
Tamagawa Water Supply
In order to provide the residents of Edo with drinking water,
he created the Tamagawa water supply river works.
To prevent neighboring dwellings from burning in a fire,
Ueno Main Streets
he widened streets from six to ten ken, and established main streets in Ueno as a firebreak.
When a plan to rebuild the tower of the burnt down Edo Castle came up,
he rejected it. Peace reigns in the land, so it's unnecessary. No need to waste expenditures!
How decisive! How manly! He's the pride of Aizu!
And do you know the pension system? It's said Masayuki devised that, too.
To prepare for a famine, he laid down a law
stating that rice be stored in granaries as well as distributed for free to elderly people
aged 90 or older, whatever their social status.
It's said that our pension system today is based on that.
Masayuki, who stressed welfare of the people, had a spirit flowing with genuine benevolence
that even now supports the sincere hearts of Fukushima Prefecture citizens today!
Do you get it, young'un?
Now let's leap forward 250 years, to the Boshin War...
Y-You're continuing?
But before that, I'll have another Soul of Aizu!
Delicious!
So what was I saying?
Oh, right. My grandson's name is Kousuke,
and boy is he a handful...
Wait a second!
Zu-bang
What happened to the Boshin War?
Still a child, so not accustomed to the behaviors of a drunk
What happened to the talk about the souls of people from Fukushima?
Eel Miyanogawa
Thank you.
That Legendary Thing (souvenir)
All right, let's go to the next place!
Wobble Wobble
He's a drunk.
He's the exact image of a drunk.
Did you just say another place?
But I'm going home! Besides, I'm out of money!
Idiot! What kind of winner says I'm going home first?
I'll pay for the next one. I know just the place!
Stagger
Limp
Crack!
Careful!
Please watch where you walk!
Sorry, sorry.
Seems the booze goes straight to my legs these days.
His arm is so thin...
The arm of a man who's grasped nothing but shogi pieces for 40 years.
I hear Mr. Matsunaga will finally retire.
I had a feeling I couldn't win.
I had a feeling I wouldn't be able to win at all.
All I thought about on the way to the hall was How can I look cool losing?
You probably didn't know me, but I know a lot about you.
After all, you're the fifth middle school student who became a professional.
I've held fast to the shogi board for 40 years without any records to show for it,
so to me, your existence was something bright and frustrating.
I could only think of you as the Grim Reaper,
come to close the curtain on my life as a shogi player.
I was frightened of you, and then disgusted with myself for feeling that way.
But then, the instant I saw you sitting up straight in the match room,
I had a thought.
Such a young, beautiful Grim Reaper.
If you would.
If someone was going to close the curtain, I couldn't ask for anyone better.
I thought I would at least fight fair and square once more before fading away.
And yet... Even so...
I don't want to die!
Here I was at the end of my long career, muddying my legacy, struggling pathetically,
and one thought welled up from within.
I don't want to lose.
Even still, I don't want to lose.
That was my crazed line of thought.
Mr. Matsunaga...
Do you like shogi?
I don't know.
How the hell would I know?
When I win, I'd be so happy, that I'd want to shout with joy.
When I lose, it's agonizing, like somebody trampled my innards with muddy boots.
I'd feel tormented, from everyone saying that I don't deserve to be alive.
And yet...
And yet, I couldn't quit.
This feeling...
How can I even express it in words?!
Hello?
Rei? Where are you?
I figured you'd be depressed, so I thought I could cheer you up.
I heard. You won today, right? It can't be helped. It's a match, after all.
It's not your fault.
So...
Mr. Matsunaga isn't going to quit.
He's going to keep playing shogi.
What? What does that mean?
Rei. Rei?
Well, let's go.
Right.
Stand up. Come on.
Yeah.
Hey. Would you help me convince my wife and daughter?
That I've decided not to retire after all.
They must be worried about you.
Shogi players do need physical strength.
I don't want to quit. If I do quit...
Sigh
All this time, I've never helped with chores, saying I needed to focus on shogi.
If I quit now, I know exactly how my family will take their revenge!
What? That's the reason?
My blood runs cold just thinking about it!
So from now on, you're doing your share of the housework.
I can't wait to train you!
Heeheehee!
Dad, give Kou a bath!
Heeheehee
Gaga
The horror! They'll make me wash dishes and my grandson, too!
Let's wash them! Both! Don't wait until you retire.
I don't wanna!
Don't say I don't wanna! Family members should help each other!
You want me to teach you how to do chores?
I don't wanna! I don't wanna! I don't wanna!
No matter what anyone says, I definitely
don't wanna!
Distant Thunder (Part 3)
Next Episode Preview
Episode 10
When did it start?
When did Christmas become painful for me?
Hey, Dad, can I open it now?
A Game Bomb!
What do you think, Rei?
I'm really happy.
I wonder which would be more fitting for their last Christmas together.
March Comes in Like a Lion.
You won't watch it next time? Excuse me? That's impossible.
