Be gone, Cyverse!
The Knights of Hanoi's attacks have made it to the Cyverse...!
But we're unable to fight while we're sealed!
What's that?!
Sorry for the wait!
Your savior is here!
Oh my, you sure did a good job getting yourselves trapped.
Being hated truely has its uses in times like this, yep!
Looks like one else can so...
I'll just save all of you!
Don't let him escape!
What are you going to do?!
Here we go!
What!?
He's severing the connection?!
It can't be...he's planning to hide this place from outside world?!
But if he does that he won't be able to return!
Piece of cake!
Search for his remains!
The only person who knows of the location of Cyverse now is that Ignis!
Five Years Later...
I attack with Link Slayer!
Shooting Star Break!
Why you-!
Why are you getting in the way of Hanoi!
Who the hell are you?!
Knights of Hanoi.
Wherever you choose to run rampant I will appear!
My name is...
Playmaker!
Hey you...
Wake up.
My name is Playmaker
My name is Playmaker
Woah! You were awake?!
You're Fujuki, right?
Class ended a while ago...
Who are you again...?
Come on!
School started a month ago you know!
You still haven't learned the names of your classmates?!
You must not have many friends...right?
Thanks for noticing.
My name is Shima Naoki.
Hey, do you have anything to say about this?
No, not really.
How about this then!
Oh, that.
The new Duel Disk that SOL Technologies developed?
So you did notice!
Your Duel Disk is an older version that needs cards, huh?
Mine has an AI installed that helps me during Duels!
Good day to you.
Yeah, hey there.
This AI can directly connect to SOL Technology's Cloud and allows you to use cards in data format!
It even has access to the Virtual Reality Network Space, Link VRAINS!
See, just like this!
Then have you gone to Link VRAINS?
Idiot!
Idiot is a prohibited word.
That's a sacred place where only the greatest of veteran Duelists gather!
There are Charisma Duelists there too...!
It's not as easy of place to waltz into as you think!
That is true.
Oh yeah...
But if you do go you might be able to run into a Charisma Duelist or the Playmaker!
Playmaker?
The most popular Duelist on there right now!
He's been taking out the evil hacker group Knights of Hanoi single-handedly!
Wait do you have footage of the Playmaker?
As if I would!
He's cool because so unknown!
I want to become a Duelist of Justice like Playmaker someday!
Good luck with that.
Hey!
Want me to teach you how to Duel?
No thanks.
I've analyzed you and found three reasons on why you don't seem very strong.
You brag about your Duel Disk but don't seem concerned with what cards you have in your Deck.
You haven't gone to Link VRAINS yet, most likely because of lack of confidence in your own skills.
How can you call yourself a Duelist if you're judging someone's skill based on only their appearances?
But you've got three good points though,
The only person who would talk this much about his Disk or Duels must really love the game.
Making sure to get the latest Duel Disk shows you keep track of current events.
You went out of your way to talk to an isolated and possibly lonely person like myself,
So you don't seem like a bad guy.
What the heck man!
Why're criticizing me about these three things or whatever!
Screw you!
Go Duel by yourself then!
Oh yeah, I never thought about that...
Wasn't there three specific rules about the Main Monster Zone...?
Oh well.
They found me!
Zaizen, is it true Ignis has been spotted?
Yes, Bishop-sama.
We know for sure he's somewhere inside the network.
SOL Technologies has been the leading force in the network for many years now.
And that is all thanks to the Data Material that has been created from the Cyverse.
But 5 years ago due to an attack from Hanoi, one AI...
Ignis, hid the Cyverse somewhere inside the network.
Due to the removal of the Cyverse the supply of Data Material has steadily been decreasing.
And the performance of the network has fallen by 30.
If the Cyverse remains undiscovered it greater discord will spread throughout the network.
And if that happens the fate of our company's future is quite grim.
We must find Ignis and determine the location of the Cyverse.
Understood.
Revolver-sama.
We've found traces of Ignis.
If SOL Technologies gets ahold of Ignis then the Cyverse will be reborn.
If that occurs then our efforts will have been for naught.
We must find him before SOL Technology.
There is one other concern.
An individual by the name of Playmaker has been hindering our efforts.
An agent of SOL Technology, perhaps?
No... knowing them they'd make moves against us publicly.
He has skillfully blocked all of our tracking methods and erased his activity from the Link VRAINS logs.
If it's anyone it would be quite an adept hacker.
That is quite interesting but...
Leave that alone for now.
Searching for Ignis is our main priority.
Who are those two again?
The Charisma Duelists Go-Onizuka and Blue Angel.
Charisma...huh...
Hey, have you heard of a Data Storm?
No.
Some time ago there was a wind that blew inside of VRAINS called a Data Storm.
A certain group of people did something called Speed Duels on it.
Speed Duel...
There were rumors of countless monsters that lived amongst the wind...
And that it lead you to a brand new world.
But that wind has all but vanished now.
Maybe if you ran into that you'd enjoy Dueling again, Yuusaku.
I feel sorry for you.
For involving you in all this.
I'm doing this of my own free will.
I will get revenge on those who stole your little brother's and my past away!
More importantly, has there been any recent activity?
The security in Den City's network has been strengthened.
It seems SOL Technology is looking for something.
What is it?
There's information that it's an AI program.
I've never heard of a program on the run before.
There's no way it's sentient like a human...
In order to find it, it seems highly-likely they'll perform a wide-range scan.
If that happens they'll be an easy target for Hanoi!
Hold on...
Why you-!
Why are you getting in the way of Hanoi!
I got it!
That's what it was!
Kusanagi-san, things are going to start getting busy!
Well yeah, even a stand like this gets its fair share of customers at night...
Not that!
Hey! I was getting all set for tonight too...
Make a trap for me.
We're going to catch that AI!
Huh?
Not only SOL Technology but Hanoi is after it too.
If we capture that AI it could be a trump card against Hanoi.
You serious?
Even SOL Technology and Hanoi haven't caught it yet!
Specifically we're not going to catch it, but create an escape route for it.
This wide-range scan is the perfect chance for that.
During that he won't have anywhere else to run.
And right then is when we're going to create an escape route in the firewall.
Leading to inside of this.
Impossible.
We don't have enough time.
It is possible!
If we work together!
All right!
Are all the preparations for the scan complete?
Yes, for some time now.
Then why haven't you started it?
The security level in the city will decline during the scan.
If the Knights of Hanoi attack us at that time...
The damage will be enourmous.
But is there any other method to find Ignis?
No...
Are all of your excited for this?!
An exciting Duel by the Charisma Duelists is about to begin in Link VRAINS!
In our first area using his Gouki Deck, Link VRAINS number one rough-houser...
Go-Onizuka!
And the Duel in our second area we have using her Trickster Deck, Link VRAINS' cover-girl...
Blue Angel!
Hey there!
All of you who can Access, come on in to VRAINS!
And everyone gathered here keep your eyes on the screen!
Go for it Go-sama!
Blue Angel!
Oh man, I don't know which I want to watch more!
MSD Version 99671 most recent update, complete.
Estimate time until task completes, 3657 seconds.
Scan program, activate!
This is bad!
I won't have anywhere to run!
Hurry up! SOL Technology's scan has started!
The security level for Den City has begun declining.
This moment is just what we were waiting for.
Revolver-sama.
You called?
He will for sure run away through Link VRAINS.
Use whatever methods necessary to capture Ignis!
Roger.
IPA 078388, there's an intruder in the system!
The firewall is going to break!
What's going on...?
What the heck is this?
This program...
It's the Knights of Hanoi!
Now they're here huh?
What is this...feeling?
What?!
What is that?!
Where is Ignis?!
Crush all who get in our way!
Run for it!
Hanoi's attack has started!
I'm almost finished.
If we get that AI he'll become our savior!
Will we really be able to catch him?
Yeah.
I can feel him...his presence!
I've found you, Ignis!
Where's my way out...?!
Where... Where... Where is it?!
This'll finish it!
Found it!
Link VRAINS accounts are being erased one after another!
Can't we purge Hanoi from the system!?
No sir! If this keeps up Link VRAINS will collapse!
Come to me!
How nice of you to join us.
I'm going to have you be our savior.
Huh? What?
It's no use.
I've made it so you can't alter any programs inside of the Disk.
Huh?! I got caught?!
You're the AI everyone is searching for, right?
I'm just a little'ol passing through AI!
We're running out of time, let's go!
Go? Where?
Link VRAINS!
But I just escaped from there!
I wasn't asking for your opinion!
Deck Set!
In to the VRAINS!
Be gone!
We really went back...
Who are you?!
Who are you!?
My name is Playmaker.
The thing you're looking for is right here!
Stop your attack on Link VRAINS!
If you don't then I'll delete this right here and now!
Wait! Hold on a second!
You're holding the savior hostage!?
This program has been changed into a Duel Program!
If you want to get your hands on it you'll have to beat me in a Duel!
That's Ignis!
Ignis is there!?
Oh?
As you wish!
I'll have you learn what it means to make yourself an enemy of the Knights of Hanoi!
Bring it on!
No way!
The Playmaker has shown himself!
But this doesn't look good..
That Dragon he has is really strong.
I don't think you'll be able to beat it with your Deck.
Says you.
If I lose you'll fall into the hands of Hanoi.
So you better pray that I win!
AI's don't pray!
They only make calculations to win!
Cyverse!
Data Material: Unlock!
What happened!?
That's...!
Jump on, Playmaker!
This is...
Impossible...a Data Storm?!
Grab the wind, Playmaker!
Here we go!
Speed Duel!
Link VRAINS.
In the past there was Dueling where you rode the wind...
Inside the wind countless monsters lived,
And Duelists chased after it with determination!
But suddenly that wind vanished, and slowly disappeared from people's memories.
Do I already know how to Speed Duel?
Grab the wind! Storm Access
Grab the wind! Storm Access
Grab the wind! Storm Access
Grab the Wind! Storm Access
In to the VRAINS!
