I screwed up!
That one actually had me worried there for a second, primitive creatures!
Once I steal those genes, this planet is dust!
Defensive Battle at Cosmopolitan Academy (Second Part)
Izuru...
It missed?
Izuru...
Move it, primitive creature!
I won't let you get your hands on our school!
Gold 4's Mobile Assembly Extreme Range Cannon
has begun recharging.
It will be done in 15 minutes.
Red 5's Harmonic Level is continuing to increase.
But I'm not sure if he can sustain this for very long...
Blue 1, Rose 3, once you've eliminated your targets,
go offer Red 5 support!
Roger!
Tamaki, what are you doing?!
Rose 3 isn't flying right!
The unit musta gotten damaged here
and there when we entered the atmosphere.
Jeez, of all the times...!
Hang tight, Izuru!
Hurry! Hurry! Hurry it up!
Please hurry and charge up!
I'm going to send you some of Purple 2's energy.
It should cut your charge time a bit.
All pit ships, direct your energy to him as well.
Relay the energy to Gold 4 through Purple 2!
Confirming receipt of the microwave energy.
Firing the energy to Gold 4!
Wow, that's fast!
Actually, isn't this dangerously fast?
We won't make it in time if we wait for a full recharge.
But without sufficient power,
we can't shoot that enemy down!
Your pathetic weapons can't harm me!
Izuru!
It's the end of the line.
Asagi, Tamaki, now! Attack him!
You better dodge this, Izuru!
No matter how many of you face me, the outcome will be the same!
Please go straight!
This is bad.
At this rate, I'm going to run out of energy...!
We have to stop him, no matter what!
Tamaki, ram into him from behind!
Huh? Why?
Just do it!
Suruga, what's your energy at?
Around 70. It still isn't enough!
When Tamaki makes contact with Klein's unit, shoot Rose 3.
At the same time, Izuru and Asagi,
you are to help Tamaki escape!
Shoot Rose 3...?
Oh, I get it!
Roger!
Gold 4 is on the brink of overloading
due to forcing it to recharge too fast.
This is our last chance!
There won't be any second chances if I miss.
Calm down, Ataru Suruga!
You can do it!
You can do it...
Calm down.
Calm down...
The sight's precision is improving!
Could the pilot's heightened concentration have something to do with this?
Gold 4's Harmonic Level is also increasing.
This is his highest level thus far.
Crap!
You're finished!
Izuru!
These feeble attacks-
What are you plotting?!
Tamaki, eject!
The enemy squad has been completely subdued!
All five members of Team Rabbits are unharmed!
They did it, Rin-Rin!
Yeah, but it was close.
Is that the extent of your power?!
Show me what you're made of!
You still haven't given me a flippin' good fight!
You need more freakin' fighting spirit!
Grab a pair of balls and come at me!
I wanted to see Tamaki...
Tamaki...
Which side's winning down there?
I'm not sure, but the battle on Earth should be over soon.
If Rabbits wins, it should
influence our battle here on the frontlines.
Look! The enemy is starting to pull back.
Which means Izuru and the others won their battle, huh?
All of you better be alive and hoppin', Bunnies!
Klein's squad was annihilated?
I'm afraid it would seem that way.
We are approaching the limit to how long we can remain active.
May we receive permission to return to base?
Very well. Permission to return has been granted.
I shall take a different route back.
I will see you in person shortly.
So the time to implement his plan has come...
Fully dismantle each unit and give them thorough checks.
Identify everything that needs to be replaced.
For anything lacking a spare,
contact Earth and have them send a replacement immediately!
They might have to sortie again soon!
Commence repair work at full power!
It took an even worse beating than usual, huh?
We're gonna be up all night!
Hey, we should be grateful that Izu-boing came back safe and sound.
It's proof that we've done a good job maintaining this puppy!
Yeah! Now it's our turn to hop to work.
You guys have it good...
You can jump straight to work!
Minus Rose 3's core, everything is still in pieces down on Earth.
Yup, yup.
The core was all that survived.
Everything else has to be remade from scratch!
I wish we could fly to Earth right this second
and retrieve the battered and beaten Rose 3!
Yup, yup.
Our little lady is all right, isn't she?
Yep! Her unit may have been terribly damaged,
but I've heard that our pilot walked away without a scratch.
What a relief!
If anything happened to her, it'd be our fault.
We'll have to hold a party to celebrate her victory later.
With a cake and tea!
Agreed!
I've heard that our Suruga was a big help.
It proves that our theory was right!
Ultimately, even sniping relies on physical prowess!
His daily bodybuilding workouts with us are starting to pay off!
Let's double our workout routine!
Two sets of 100 push-ups and two sets of 100 sit-ups!
Agreed!
Everyone sure is hyped up...
It's normal for people to act this way after winning a battle.
Izu-boing and the others did their best out there!
Now it's our turn to step up and work hard.
I bet they're sound asleep in bed by now...
The shock from the blast destroyed literally all of the school's windows.
The building was also destroyed.
Likewise, the inner facilities were substantially damaged!
Furthermore, you made a massive crater on school grounds!
Naturally, the outer walls were also damaged!
Blue 1 and Red 5's transport chains are damaged in countless locations!
Purple 2 and Gold 4 were mostly
destroyed by the shock created when the Mobile Assembly
Extreme Range Cannon exploded.
As for Rose 3, aside from the core, it was essentially blown to smithereens!
It's going to take a long time before all of the spare parts come in
and your units are made operational again!
Yeah... But, hey, we protected the academy!
We should be happy it didn't turn out worse...
There are limits to such things!
What would you have done if you destroyed the school?!
But...
Well, you did a good job out there.
Job well done.
Job well done.
Job well done.
Job well-
Izuru?
Don't fall asleep!
Tamaki Irie, would you like to hang out with me tomorrow?
Tamaki Irie, would you like to hang out with me tomorrow?
Why do we have to hold his hand like this?
Since we're a team, we're as good as family.
We live and die together, right?
Yo! Great work out there.
Th-thank you. I'm honored.
Would you like to hang out with me tomorrow?!
Pardon?
Not what I meant! That was a mistake!
That didn't happen! Scratch that!
Dude, you need to calm down.
I think you should pull back for now and regain your bearing.
It's a tactical retreat.
So we'll chill out with you some other time,'kay?
Consequentially, the enemy forces retreated,
but the allied armies suffered immense losses.
Earth's forces have been diminished to next to nothing.
The masses seem to be greatly distraught as well.
So their sense of danger is beginning to escalate.
Correct.
Until now, they probably considered this on the same level
as military terrorists in the far reaches of space.
But since this last attack was a direct assault on Earth itself...
And nothing but the AHSMB seem to be effective against the Wulgaru?
Right. If we don't start mass producing them...
But will that alone be enough to drive the enemy away?
I just received an encrypted message from Legatus Lumes
that was hidden in a transmission from Earth.
From Lumes?
When he came into contact with one of Earth's data devices,
it would seem that he infiltrated and tampered with the system.
At any rate, he gave the impression that he was already
aware of your presence on Earth.
So he has found out about us...
But I came prepared to face the consequences...
According to the transmission,
your brother is waiting to hear from you.
How would you like me to respond?
Not so much as a single unit from Klein's squad returned?
Sir! Although they reaped what they sowed,
it nonetheless pains my heart
to lose an entire squad led by a Military Commander.
Bluntly put, the position as Military Commander
was too great for Klein.
He was a disgrace to the Wulgaru race.
Next time, we must choose someone a bit more worthy of the title.
One who has not been fighting
has no right to say such things, Lutiel.
When you get down to it, was there a stock of
DNA on the primitives' home world or not?
Unfortunately, I am afraid we were unable to verify that information.
Then why don't we hurry and send out the next squad?
If you like, I'd be willing to dispatch the men.
After this incident, I imagine Earth will be on heightened alert.
I believe we should wait and watch for a while first.
What a boring and cautious plan!
It's just like you!
There is one thing I wish to report.
I took a look at Klein's battle records from his last skirmish.
I've noticed that the humans frequently sacrifice themselves
in order to rescue another individual.
To meet those ends,
sometimes they take unexpected measures to throw us into confusion.
Doesn't that simply prove that they are lower animals?
Rather than leisurely biding our time,
we should finish them off in one fell swoop!
In certain aspects, the Earthlings vary from other species
we have encountered in the past.
We cannot afford another mishap like with Legatus Klein.
What are your thoughts
in regard to Legatus Dolgana's observation earlier?
About how the Earthlings defend one another?
After all this time,
it would seem that someone else has finally noticed that trait.
Then you had already noticed this, Prince Jiart?
Naturally.
Usually, intelligent creatures have a tendency to develop overall equally.
If one forms a weakness, its own kind will target that individual.
But what if, one was guaranteed to not be attacked by the others?
The various individuals could develop their talents,
allowing them to compensate
for their weaknesses while functioning in society.
It would almost be as if they were one life form...
But that is impossible.
If the animals possess a certain degree of intelligence,
it is only natural for the species
to begin warring amongst themselves for personal gain.
That's right.
Cooperation is only a possibility if
both sides have something substantial to gain from it.
As is the case with my clan and yours.
My family has served your clan for generations, Prince Jiart.
I am grateful that you allow me to serve you.
The Earthlings are completely alien to us.
But that is precisely what makes them amusing.
I take it you were unable to make contact with Teoria?
Correct. Instead I followed your instructions
and sent a transmission to Daneel
through the Earth's communications circuit.
Unfortunately, I was unable to
confirm whether he received the message.
I take it no one noticed.
Sir, not even King Galkie.
Keep it that way.
We shall give Teoria some time to see how she responds.
Rada!
It looks like he overheard us.
What would you have me do?
I learned something I shouldn't have!
I'm dead!
He's going to kill me!
Legatus Rada, under orders by Pleguzes Jiart, you are under arrest!
Under arrest?! What have I done?
Please take your question directly to Pleguzes.
Treason, you say?
Yes, your Majesty.
Legatus Rada just came before Pleguzes Jiart and me
and invited us to join him as conspirators in his rebellion.
Naturally, we rejected his offer
and are currently tracking Rada down.
Rada did that...?
Pleguzes Jiart requests that
you leave the matter to his discretion.
Very well. It is in his hands.
How do you perceive this?
The weak always lose. It's as simple as that.
He outmaneuvered me!
What should I do?! Where can I run?
I must hurry and inform King Galkie!
I must hurry!
I must hurry or else...!
Why aren't I getting through?!
Don't come after me! Don't! Don't!
That's it! I'll use that gate.
If I can just make it through that...!
Almost there!
This is the Wulgaru way, Teoria...
Deep Recon
