It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode Ten
Kaishou Rinroku's Funeral
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories) Sneering Demon and Red Trap
This isn't like you...
'Course not!
As always, the second I unravel the whole thing,
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
Kaishou goes to cover it up.
I have to get him in public, that is, on live TV,
Sasa Kazamori
Artificial Intelligence (R.A.I.)
where he can't talk his way out of it.
Do you dislike Kaishou Rinroku that much?
I just want to reveal the truth!
Were you interested in the truth in the first place?
According to Inga, you became a detective for him.
Wrong!
I became a detective to learn people's truths.
Because that's the only thing I can do!
People's truths. Those are souls, right?
You promised Inga that you'd keep giving him souls.
Isn't that why you became a detective?
Inga isn't here now, so is it necessary to seek out the truth any longer?
Kaishou is using Bettenou.
Can I let him do whatever he pleases?
Well, about that...
I agree.
Kantou TV
This is just one example of simulated footage that's all over the net.
Kuramitsu Mine
New Diet Member
Does it have something to do with whatever destroyed the TV station that day?
Many of these videos advance the hypothesis that a microwave weapon was used...
I call the witness, Mr. Kaishou Rinroku.
In the first place, microwaves and electromagnetic waves
can't be seen by the naked eye.
The power density of microwave transmissions is at best
23 milliwatts per square centimeter,
which is less than a hundredth the power of a microwave oven in the home.
Really?
According to the company's documents that were leaked by Full Circle...
These are genuine, aren't they?
In here, the experimental value is several hundred megawatts.
You can't even compare ovens to that, right?
That refers to the total lifetime capacity,
and comparing it to the transmission rate makes no sense.
I don't understand the nuts and bolts,
but foreign nations have also pointed out
that this technology could be applied to weaponry, haven't they?
Huh? Since when was JJ Systems a weapons manufacturer?
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
In 2001...
Everyone watched the scene of passenger jets flying into buildings,
and yet soon after came conspiracy theories
of the buildings being blown up on purpose...
Some even believed preposterous ideas involving hydrogen bombs.
In 2011 these influences still remain,
with some people convinced that natural disasters
are due to an earthquake weapon, of all things.
Why is the detective...?
Kaishou Rie
Daughter of Kaishou Rinroku, Lives at Home
People tend to think that the truth is hidden.
And there are people who believe that only they have arrived at the truth.
But there are an innumerable number of truths.
Being satisfied with just one truth
is no more than ceasing to think about it beyond that point.
Isn't that right?
Is he trying to twist the truth with Bettenou's power?
I'm not sensing anythi...
So is it okay to hide the truth then?
That's the way you always do it!
Hide? I'm not hiding anything.
That's the Defeated Detective!
The truth is there was a mysterious explosion in a TV studio.
What does he want?!
And at the time, Kaishou Rinroku was outside the studio door,
which spared him from death.
That is also the truth... Or is it?
Don't...
Now what if Mr. Kaishou was never actually at the TV station?
What are you talking about?!
Ms. Kaishou Rie...
On the day of the explosion, what did you see?
He says Kaishou wasn't there?!
Then what...
This is insane!
This is supposed to be to prove his innocence!
Rie... Tell him.
That detective believes in you, as the daughter who can't bring herself to lie.
Kaishou Family Maid (Head Maid)
Kaishou Family Maid
You need to live up to his belief in you.
Right after the explosion at the TV station...
I saw... my father at home!
What?!
At home?!
What does it mean?!
But...
Just because he was at home
doesn't mean he had anything to do with the explosion!
I examined the surveillance cameras at the TV station,
but there's no footage of Mr. Kaishou Rinroku on that day.
What if he arranged beforehand with people there,
to tell the same story that he was present?
Motoyama Minami
Television Producer
Hey, are you insinuating I'm an accomplice?!
I'm saying it's possible to trigger an explosive from a safe place, too!
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
Objection! Objection!
This is not a courtroom!
Inga
Detective's Assistant
Bettenou
As you wish...
In the first place,
the cause of the explosion
is currently being jointly investigated by the military and police.
And this is unconfirmed,
but a fragment from what appears to be
a surface-to-air missile seems to have been found...
A missile?!
Oh, no! That reminds me, back in 2001,
one theory had it that part of the Pentagon
was destroyed not by a passenger jet, but a missile!
I'm not talking about a conspiracy theory, but proof that...
Perhaps it's from the same type of shoulder-launched SAM
that the Public Security Force is equipped with.
There were over 600 of them procured during the war.
Quite common, aren't they?
When did you... get that information?
Are you implying that the police are fabricating evidence?!
Did they do that?!
Of course not!
I'm going to call one more witness to the stand!
Inga... What are you doing here?
You again?!
Answer my question.
Wha...?!
Oh, dear! You mustn't be violent!
People have no choice but to answer her question.
Just one question...
Tell me what is actually absolutely unpardonable,
yet you have no choice but to hide.
Tell me...
Tell me!
Just before the war began, Kaishou Rinroku, the president of JJ Systems,
sounded me out about providing software for the Public Prosecutors Office.
That software could alter the last update of computer files at will
and leave no traces behind.
In short, the creation date of confiscated electronic documents
could be rewritten to establish a crime.
Hey, stop her!
Why?!
She's saying something important!
Mr. Kaishou was the only one with the software's key,
This has nothing to do with this committee!
Shut up!
Shut her up!
and with his cooperation during the war,
the police and prosecutors successfully dealt with many political offenders, by...
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
Hayami-kun?
From now on, you shouldn't have anything more to do with Kaishou.
Consider your position...
What... What did I say?!
I didn't know this would happen... I'm sorr...
You didn't lie, but said I was at home.
Therefore, Yuuki Shinjurou will definitely deduce the presence of Bettenou...
Since he is a great detective...
Rie, I was definitely at home, wasn't I?
Inga!
Why did you do that?!
I want to eat souls.
But you told me not to kill, Shinjurou!
It's a pain to eat just the souls without killing.
Are you saying you're not gonna stick with me anymore?!
The prosecutors still haven't built a case against that murderer!
Fuwa Jujirou
Solar Power Advocate, Entrepreneur
Do you believe it?!
And supposedly, they deny the existence of that altering software!
Mr. Fuwa, apparently you met Mr. Kaishou on that day...
Right. However, he was late and soon left his seat...
That's right. I knew something was wrong when he left his seat...
Now that I think back, it could've been a body double!
The John Doe who came in yesterday?
Did you get a good look?
I came down, thinking I'd help prepare the body, but it's nowhere to be found.
Mr. Kaishou!
Do you admit to the crimes?!
What do you have to say about the illegal program and the murders?!
Mr. Kaishou!
Please explain!
Chairman Kaishou!
You have an obligation to explain to the public!
There's a place I want to stop by first.
You go thank the doctors.
But Father...
Mr. Kaishou, please answer!
Mr. Kaishou!
Kaishou!
Mr. Kaishou, please answer!
What's your relationship with the prosecutors?!
Mihara Yasutarou
Member of the Public Security Force, Commanded by Mizuno
Is your backroom deal with the prosecutors finished?!
The net is having a field day with this.
Some posts even threaten to kill you!
Mr. Kaishou, what's your response to all of this?!
Mizuno Sakon
Public Security Force Commander
Mizuno...
Everyone, please back off!
The car can't pull away!
Back up! Back up!
Father...
It's dangerous!
Chairman Kaishou!
Mr. Kaishou!
Are you running away?!
Father?
Jesus Christ!
Are they all right?!
Father!
Call the firefighters!
Hey! What's happening?!
He knew he couldn't escape, so committed premeditated suicide...?
It's a solemn wake.
Kaishou Rinroku played such a major role in postwar Japan...
If Mr. Kaishou did plan his own suicide,
then it's unforgivable that he also took the life of his driver, Mizuno Sakon.
Haven't you done enough already?!
Defeated Detective!
Izumi-san!
Bastard...
You killed him, you bastard!
Then... it was suicide?
I don't know!
But the DNA of the bodies are a match for Mizuno and Chairman Kaishou!
You... and I... killed the Chairman!
What have I done...
Wait!
Where's Bettenou?
There's no trace of that thing!
She had to have been with Kaishou!
Get out of my face, you!
She had to have been with him...
Please stop it!
This is not the place.
I noticed that all of the data on my father's computer was erased.
There's nothing left...
So I think it might have been suicide.
Was he the kind of man who would drag along Mizuno, his bodyguard?
What do you know about my father?!
I didn't know either.
Actually, I wanted to know... I wanted to know what he was really like,
so maybe that's why I cooperated with you, Detective.
But in the end, it was pointless.
Pointless?
It's like my father said.
There are as many truths as there are people.
Even you...
What about me?
There are any number of truths you haven't shown me.
What does that have to do with...
That Inga woman... Who is she to you?
That's... a long story.
It's okay. I have a lot of things that I can't tell you, either.
Father said that you'd definitely deduce the presence of Bettenou.
Blood...
What does that mean?
Of course I figured out that two Kaishous meant Bettenou's power was at work...
Wait!
Handkerchief...
Excuse me!
Ms. Kaishou, on this sad occasion, I really, really, really feel for your loss.
I just asked him to appear as a witness,
but this detective started spouting off...
It's okay.
Where is it? Where did he put it?!
If the vehicle's explosion wasn't due to suicide,
then candidates for murder are Fuwa Jujirou, who survived the first blast,
Mihara Yasutarou,
who became commander of the Public Security Force with Mizuno's death,
and then there's the person who left the hospital...
This is it!
How long has this handkerchief been here?! How long?!
Honestly... The last time Inga was here, he left it behind.
But that same afternoon, I gave this handkerchief to Diet Member Kuramitsu Mine.
When did Inga get this?
He's meeting with Kuramitsu Mine...
Where?! When?!
Speaking of Diet Member Kuramitsu, there's something interesting about her.
The Public Security Force commander, Mizuno Sakon, who died with Mr. Kaishou,
was her senior at university and apparently, they were close.
You could've fooled me...
Shall I hack into the university's records?
Hacking... Kazamori!
Do you remember what Mizuno said the first time we met him?!
The Defeated Detective!
You're probably the one who targeted Professor Kaishou.
No, I mean after that!
I figured I'd make it more realistic...
Never mind, just hurry up!
Unusually enough, you were successful with Mr. Yajima's request. But...
That's it! That's what kept gnawing at me.
With Mr. Yajima's request, in the end, foul play wasn't involved.
So it wasn't reported in the press.
And yet, he knew about it. How?!
President's Office
What the hell do you want?!
Oyamada Arata
Underground Software Dealer
You wanna know something about that tune?
It must be an old one. Doesn't seem to exist in electronic form...
Nah, it's not an old song. In fact, it just came out recently.
It's off of the unreleased Yonagahime album.
I don't know how to begin to apologize for what happened when you were here.
Okamoto Kankichi
East Kantou Social Rehabilitation Program Center Director of Security
For us, it was...
Never mind that! Being here was a good experience.
After all, you were surrounded by girls, right?
After everything that's happened, why do you want to talk to him now?
I'm very busy right now, so consider this a favor.
He should know more about Bettenou than anyone.
Bettenou...
Do you still think that Kaishou Rinroku had Bettenou?
If he did, faking his own death would be child's play.
Kaishou Rinroku is alive?
Give it back to me!
All of these notes are about Bettenou...
Y-Yes, writing stories is allowed here...
Ever since I first encountered it by chance,
Calls Himself a Novelist
Prisoner
I repeatedly performed experiments and recorded the results.
I tried everything that it could do.
That's why it's mine!
Give it back!
What's this the living and the dead?
That's the interesting thing.
Say, for instance, there's a living thing in here.
It's difficult for that thing you call Bettenou
to give the illusion that it's a corpse.
Why?
The living talk and move.
The brain is affected by its influence through the senses of sight and hearing.
But you're continuously beset by the story
and its inconsistencies you receive from Bettenou.
For example, I pretend to be Yuuki Shinjurou.
But since you're looking at the real thing right there,
your brain wouldn't be able to withstand the inconsistency of information.
But what if there were an explosion
in which the original body was rendered unrecognizable?
Oh, in that case, it would be simple
to make the people involved think that the corpse was yours.
What's necessary is making them hear your voice.
And by visually perceiving Bettenou, special receptors are produced in the brain...
I still don't believe it.
Kaishou Rinroku used Bettenou's power to commit murder and fake his own death?
What?
Yuuki Shinjurou
An invitation to a party was delivered to the office this morning.
The sender was...
Kaishou
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
But the thing called truth doesn't really exist.
Honestly, truth is just something that's always being searched out.
People look for the truth for eternity,
but the truth is eternally ephemeral.
The quest for truth brings it into existence,
but it is an object through which its existence proves its non-existence.
When the truth occurs in this physical world,
humans have already ceased to be human, you see.
From I Give Reason.
Next time on UN-GO: I'm Just Searching.
I'm Just Searching
Inspired by Sneering Demon and Red Trap from Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories) and from I Give Reason
Well, Shinjurou... This is the end.
