The Third Plate
One
Totsuki Teahouse Culinary Academy has produced numerous renowned chefs.
Totsuki
There, a group of individuals who have been given unlimited privileges and funds exists.
They are ten powerful figures who have no equal
the Totsuki Elite Ten Council!
Hey, Soma-kun.
Hey, Soma-kun!
What's up, Tadokoro?
Oh, um, I just think it's not safe to be lost in your thoughts when you're driving.
Oh, sorry.
You're right.
I just got this scooter.
It'd be sad if I got into an accident.
So were you thinking about the Elite Ten?
Yeah, I guess.
That's right.
Soma-kun, myself, and others who made it to the main Autumn Elections tournament
finally met them yesterday.
Culinary virtuosos who stand above all others at the pinnacle of Totsuki
the Totsuki Elite Ten!
The Totsuki Elite Ten have arrived.
High School Division, 2nd Year
High School Division, 2nd Year
High School Division, 2nd Year
High School Division, 2nd Year
High School Division, 3rd Year
High School Division, 3rd Year
Momo
High School Division, 3rd Year
The Third Seat
Megishima Tosuke
High School Division, 3rd Year
High School Division, 3rd Year
Tsukasa
Eishi
And of course Soma-kun went right up to the A-team of upperclassmen...
I want to join the Elite Ten right now.
Would anyone be willing to accept a Shokugeki challenge from me?
Hey, Yukihira!
Well, I sure got turned down pretty quick.
That was a downer.
Yeah...
It almost gave me a heart attack.
I should've waited until everyone relaxed a bit, I guess.
I don't think that was the problem...
I still get chills thinking about it.
The Totsuki Elite Ten were amazing people.
The cake by the fourth seat, Akanegakubo-senpai, was also...
Yeah, that was pretty amazing stuff.
I got a pretty strong message about how amazing the Elite Ten are.
I hope we've helped you understand.
There is a profound difference between the abilities of
those who are the Elite Ten and those who are not.
So yeah, that's how it is.
I think you've figured out the nuances of things, at least a little,
but we really, seriously, and absolutely don't have any time to waste on you guys.
But, well, I guess...
If, for example, you guys have anything anything at all
cooking-wise that would let you guys win over me,
I guess I could accept a Shokugeki challenge.
Their height.
I said cooking-wise, bitch!
Kuga-senpai said he's open to accepting a Shokugeki challenge,
but the conditions are pretty steep if I need something I can top him on.
It's not like there are even other ways of competing with him.
You're right.
Since he's a second-year, we'd rarely be in the same cooking classes, too.
Huh?
I thought you were against the whole idea of me
challenging the Elite Ten to a Shokugeki, Tadokoro.
What?!
Y-Yeah.
Of course, I wouldn't want you to get expelled or anything.
But Soma-kun, you're an amazing chef.
They may be upperclassmen,
but I feel being spoken to that way must've been frustrating.
Gotcha.
Thanks.
That's a huge truck.
I wonder if they're building something again.
Oh, right.
It's almost time to prep.
Prep?
Yeah.
Every year, we have an event to celebrate the end of autumn.
It's Totsuki Academy's school festival.
School festival?
Yeah, it's called the Moon Festival.
If you sign up,
you can set up a food booth as an individual or as a group participant.
Uh, Soma-kun?
That's it, Tadokoro!
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Challenging the Elite Ten
What do you wanna do for lunch?
Um...
The 92nd Moon Festival
Participation Guide
So the Moon Festival goes on for five days.
They announce booth sales every day, huh.
This is sounding more and more like it.
Oh, hey, Nakiri!
Yukihira-kun...
What a coincidence, huh?
What class did you just come from?
I've told you several times that I don't want you starting up conversations with me!
Wh-Why isn't Hisako here right now?
By the way, are you also going to set up a booth?
Are you referring to the Moon Festival?
Of course I am.
The Elite Ten's booths are the main attraction at the event every year.
Oh, I see.
So that means Kuga-senpai's gonna have a booth, too.
All right, it's getting even better!
You can't possibly be...
Oh, yeah.
I'll join the fight, too.
If I can beat Kuga-senpai's booth in sales,
I bet he'll accept my challenge!
Not to pat myself on the back or anything,
but I really killed it at the neighborhood festival every summer!
Diner Yukihira Pan-Fried Noodles
Why are these pan-friend noodles so tasty?!
I guess that means I'll be competing with your booth, too!
Let's give it our best, huh.
Later, Nakiri.
Challenging Kuga-senpai, I see.
I wonder if he really understands how the Moon Festival actually works.
Okay, one more shot!
Oh, so you did decide to sign up for a booth.
Right?
I think that's my only option.
So yeah, Tadokoro.
Do you know what type of cuisine Kuga-senpai specializes in?
Unless I figure that out, I can't come up with a counter move.
Um, Kuga-senpai specializes in Chinese cuisine.
Chinese, huh?
Oh!
Hojo-san!
That was a tight dunk...
Beat the eight seat, Kuga Terunori?!
You're not the guy who challenged Shinomiya Kojiro for nothing.
You talk a good game.
I was in Group B with Hojo-san in the Autumn Elections.
Hojo-san specializes in Chinese cuisine, too.
Oh, really?
Unlike Kuga-san, who specializes in Sichuan cuisine,
my training is broad in scope.
So?
How many staff members do you have lined up?
Staff?
It'll just be me.
What?!
Huh?
But it's just a booth at a school festival, right?
U-Um...
Are you free after school?
Oh, I have to go to the Regional Cuisine Research Society after school.
Oh, just having Yukihira come is fine.
You'll get it once you see it.
I'll take you to the Chinese Cuisine Research Society
Kuga Terunori's stronghold.
Hup, hup, hup, hup!
What the...
I guess they're practicing wok tosses using dry rice.
Still, are they cyborgs or something?
How are so many people moving in unison?
Okay, one, two!
One, two!
Good, good, good!
Keep it going!
Hey, you there! You faltered!
What's wrong?!
M-My apologies, chief!
You idiot!
How could you possibly manage to do good work at the festival?
Okay, this is about group responsibility.
Everyone do another set of thirty.
Okay? Go!
Miyoko-chin!
What's going on?
Are you finally going to join the research society?
Nope.
I knew that!
And who's that with you uh, was it Yukihira-chin?
What are you here for?
Oh, I was just curious to see how you're preparing
for the school festival, Kuga-senpai.
The school festival?
I've been thinking of putting out a booth, myself.
I'm just starting to think about what dish I should put out.
If I can beat you in sales,
you'll accept my challenge, right?
Oh, I see.
That's your angle, huh.
Of course. I'll keep my word.
Oh, great!
Okay, can you tell me what dish you're going to serve, for starters?
Hey, you're technically scoping out enemy operations.
There are other ways to do it!
You're interesting, Yukihira-chin.
Well, I'm still thinking about which dish to choose,
but our signature dish may be mapo tofu.
Mapo tofu?
We served a mapo tofu meal set at our place, too!
It was pretty popular
Huh.
I think your place's a diner, right?
Ten of you, line up.
Cook our famous mapo tofu for Yukihira-chin, will you?
Roger!
Yukihira-chin, have you heard this Chinese proverb before?
Huh?
It's supposed to describe the people in Sichuan province,
Sichuan
Guizhou
Hunan
as well as the neighboring Hunan and Guizhou provinces.
Sichuan does not fear spiciness,
Hunan does not fear eating spicy food,
and Guizhou fears eating food that isn't spicy.
So basically, they really like spicy food?
It goes to show how intently the region's been pursuing spicy cuisine
for centuries, at that.
And my cooking has further elevated that cuisine.
Here's Kuga Terunori's Signature Sichuan Mapo Tofu!
Dig in while it's hot!
He got ten servings out at the exact same time!
That's amazing precision.
What the hell is this?!
Hot!
Delicious!
Hot!
Delicious!
Hot!
Delicious!
It's so spicy that my tongue's about to burn off,
yet there's wave after wave of delicious flavor!
It's a completely different beast from Yukihira's mapo tofu!
Not to mention...
They all taste exactly the same!
How well-trained are these guys?
That's what you call authentic spiciness, Yukihira-chin.
This combination of extreme spiciness and flavor
isn't something a diner's dish can beat, is it?
And my team's been trained to reproduce this taste to perfection!
Trained by me.
After all, the Moon Festival
is a monster of an event that brings in 500,000 visitors a year.
If you can't bust out a thousand servings a day,
you're not going to land anywhere near the top earners.
A thousand servings!
So how are things on your end, Yukihira-chin?
I think you only have a staff of one,
and you don't know what you're going to sell.
So, Yukihira-chin, what were you planning to beat me with?
Do you feel like sharing that with me?
What I'll win with?
Of course it'll be my cooking.
You get how amazing Kuga-san is now, don't you?
The Chinese Cuisine Research Society used to be, as the name suggests,
a club that studied general Chinese cuisine.
But he used that aggressive, spicy cooking of his as a weapon to dominate the club
and make it narrow its focus to Sichuan cuisine.
I see.
So...
I'm seriously wondering what to do.
What? But you looked so confident earlier!
Oh, Hojo, thanks for taking me to the research society.
Later!
Hey!
What's your game plan?
My game plan? I'm about to go home and come up with one.
Then there's something else you should know.
There's another major factor that puts you way behind Kuga-san.
You're unknown outside of the academy.
You don't have his reputation.
Reputation...
Let's see...
In-Depth Analysis: Chinese Cuisine RS Led by the Eighth Seat, Kuga Terunori!!!
The Chinese Cuisine Research Society's booth is
known to have loyal repeat customers.
This year, it will be headed by Kuga Terunori, one of the Elite Ten,
which has garnered even keener interest.
So the battle for customers begins before the event itself.
Oh, by the way, thanks, Mitsuru.
I made you bring the special edition over.
Once you decide where you're gonna set up
and what you're going to make,
feel free to let me know!
Huh? Why?
Totsuki Academy School Festival
The journalism club handles making the guidebook for the Moon Festival.
I'll make sure to save you a good spot in it!
Oh, I see.
That'd be great!
It's true that between the Elite Ten's Kuga-senpai and myself, I'm far less known.
But what can I do to overcome that disadvantage?
Soma-kun! Just the person I've been waiting for!
Join us to set out a booth at the Moon Festival as the Polar Star Dormitory!
Young men and women coming together to create something singular!
The most spectacular event to celebrate student life!
Indeed, this is youth itself!
Student life, itself!
Join us, Soma-kun!
Oh, well, so...
I see...
An individual entry, huh.
I'm disappointed that we can't participate together,
but I support your decision!
Thanks!
Hey, Yukihira.
Did you actually say you're going to go up against the Eighth Seat in the Elite Ten?
He did.
He's as reckless as usual.
So I'm about to fill out the application form,
School Festival Booth Application
but what do they mean by booth location?
Requested Booth Location
Booth No.
Oh, that.
The festival takes place on school grounds,
and the site's divided up into three main areas.
Yeah, that's pretty important.
You have to make sure you pick a spot that aligns with your booth's concept.
Oh, does it make such a big difference?
Yeah, they all come have their own characteristics.
First, the most popular spot, the Main Avenue!
Temporary tents will line the main street from the front entrance.
Each dish will cost about 500 to 1,000 yen.
Because the food isn't expensive, there'll be a lot of foot traffic.
Next up is the Central Area where most of the kitchen facilities used by
classes are concentrated.
That's where booths serving dishes
that require specialized preparation or equipment will be.
People who want something more professionally prepared go there.
In turn, the prices tend to be a bit higher
I'd say between 1,000 and 5,000 yen per dish.
Finally, there's the Yamanote Area where many of the Elite Ten locate
their booths every year!
It basically feels like a bunch of high-end restaurants got tucked away.
At the very least, you'll be paying 5,000 yen per dish.
The sky's the limit, basically.
Not that I've ever been there.
It's tough to attract customers there unless you're well-known.
By the way, Kuga-kun's planning to set up shop in the Central Area.
Oh, really?
The Central Area lets you choose what size you want your booth to be.
Entrance
Main Avenue Area
Central Area
He must've avoided the Yamanote Area so he can leverage the full potential
Yamanote Area
of the large Chinese Cuisine RS.
Well, not that anybody from the Elite Ten will have any trouble getting customers,
no matter where he sets up shop.
Yeah.
In the end, his reputation is a powerful weapon.
Every year, all the organizations get wild-eyed trying to secure the best location.
If you choose the wrong spot...
It'd mean I couldn't possibly compete with Kuga-senpai, huh.
Several Days Later
Yukihira-kun!
Today's the booth application deadline for the Moon Festival.
Are you still serious about challenging Kuga-senpai?
Did you devise a good strategy?
From the look on your face, it doesn't look like you have anything to go on.
Hey!
Say something!
I'm not trying to talk to myself here!
Secure the best spot possible in the high-traffic Main Avenue area...
It's obvious that I can't possibly compete against Kuga-senpai's popularity
unless I do that,
but is that the only angle I have?
Oh, Nakiri.
I didn't notice you there.
How rude!
I guess we sit next to each other in this class.
Let's get along, yeah?
Sit somewhere else!
I guess we randomly end up sitting next to each other sometimes,
like during the semi-finals in the Autumn Elections.
That was basically you just barging in uninvited!
Oh, and on the way back from camp in the car.
That was also you barging in uninvited!
Oh, and during that round, too...
I see.
I guess so.
I think that's the only way.
Booth Application Center
You've got to be kidding me!
You want us to give up our booth spot?!
Don RS has been here every year!
We're not gonna give it up!
Why don't you step in front of me and say that, Konishi?
I don't care.
This spot is the best place for me to demonstrate my horrific cuisine of chaos.
Take your pointless don dishes elsewhere.
Pointless?
Oh, yeah?
Let's settle that with a Shokugeki, then.
Now we're talking.
Watch out, Nikumi!
She might hex you!
Booth Application Center
Er, administrator?
We have another Shokugeki unfolding over a booth spot.
Excuse me.
Please clear the way, Mito Ikumi-san.
What?
Oh!
E-Erina-sama, I am so sorry.
Sadatsuka Nao!
Put fifty meters between yourself and Erina-sama!
Ah! Hisako-oneesama is speaking to me!
Thank you!
We confirm receipt of the booth application form,
Accepted
Miss Erina.
Very well. Thank you.
Yukihira-kun...
Is it my turn?
Thanks!
What?!
A-Are you sure about this?!
Requested Booth Area: Central Booth No.: A-2
This is right in front of the Chinese Cuisine RS's spot!
Chinese Cuisine Research Society Rep: Kuga Terunori
Yup.
Is it available?
Y-Yes...
Since the Chinese Cuisine RS is such a big name,
no one wants to set up their booth nearby.
Oh, I see!
I'm glad to hear that.
Oh, and my booth will be serving...
Chinese.
What?!
Huh?
Do you remember when we had to make
200 servings of breakfast at the camp from hell?
That time, I managed to pass by the skin of my teeth.
A lot of that was thanks to
my being able to get customers lined up for you to peel off.
Hey, now that I think about it,
I was able to survive camp thanks to you, in a way.
Thanks, Nakiri!
Don't make fun of me!
I don't need your thanks!
I won't take any insults!
Just like that time,
I'll steal all the customers who show up for Kuga-senpai's Chinese food!
That's the only way I can steal a win!
Accepted
Your application form's been accepted.
Thanks.
The stage is now set.
Guess I'll be challenging that explosive spiciness of his!
Yukihira-kun...
About the booths. Just in case,
you know you'll get expelled if your booth loses money, right?
What?
Expelled?!
Yukihira Soma?
Yeah, that's the one.
He made a big speech about how he's going to challenge Kuga
at the Moon Festival.
Hmm.
What, Tsukasa?
At least pretend you're interested.
That's the least of my concerns right now.
Will my booth's interior be finished on schedule?
Will it be to specifications?
Will anything break?
I'm so worried.
You're such a scaredy cat!
But you'd agree with me that the Moon Festival
now has another main attraction, wouldn't you?
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode: Ma and La
I hope you savor the next episode!
