You're here to look for that clock part, too?!
I believe this is our first time meeting. Shall I introduce myself?
I'm Samuel.
You're that Exceed Natsu and the others were talking about!
That's right. I'm usually referred to as the brains of Legion.
This is the clock part?
It's bigger than I thought it'd be...
If we don't find some way to get it out of here...
Hey!
Still got fight left in you?!
No. I've lost completely.
I manfully acknowledge my defeat.
So now will you tell us about Legion's goal?
Yeah! Like what that clock is and the reason you're collecting the parts...
We'd appreciate an explanation.
Alright, already!
At this point, I might as well give in and tell you everything!
Alright, I'll fill you in on who I am and what my aim is.
Let's begin!
Why with a picture-story?
Something Beyond Reckoning!
I, Dan Straight, was born in a town called Cedar.
They had knights there that protected the town and the church.
People depended on them.
The people in my family were knights for generation after generation.
As the successor in my family, I was raised with tender care and affection,
and had a happy childhood.
However, those peaceful days didn't last long.
At one point, a civil war flared up that split the town in half.
You have a surprisingly hard past...
Then your family became embroiled in the battle too and suffered...
No.
The battle was over after half a day and none of my kin were harmed.
Everybody in town quickly patched things up, too.
That was fast!
Wasn't it more of just a fight than civil war?
But now I'm getting to the main point!
At the time, there was a beautiful girl who went to my school
and I fell in love with her, my first love.
However, after the battle was over, that girl was missing!
Missing? Then she was caught up in the battle...
Did she lose her life that day...?
That girl bore a slight resemblance to Lu-nyan.
It's so sad!
So that's why you fell in love with Lucy at first sight, huh?
You can never understand a person's situation until you hear about it, you know?
So what happened to the girl?
The next day... I found her and she was fine!
What's that?!
I would whisper of love to her and ask her hand in marriage nearly every day,
but it seems she was frightened by how happy that made her.
I'm sure she thought, I'm not worthy of Dan-san's love.
I was charmed by that modesty, too.
The pictures don't really seem to match the story...
She obviously didn't like him.
Ultimately, she refused marriage, and I shed tears for three days and nights.
Then, to assuage my sorrow, I embarked on a sentimental journey.
During my wanderings, I happened across various women.
They're all different types, huh?
You weren't chasing the image of the first girl you fell in love with?
No, that wasn't it at all!
To be honest, I'd be happy with any woman in the vicinity who caught my eye.
That offends me for some reason...
And yet, no matter who she was, there was a compelling reason
why we couldn't be together.
Love and peace aren't permitted.
That's the fate of a knight who lives to fight.
Again, the story and pictures don't match up.
I bet they all turned him down.
That makes me think, who drew these pictures?
Hughes and Sugar Boy drew them based on my diary and photos.
They relied on guesswork to fill in the blanks, so the truth is mixed in with something else.
I'm positive the drawings are a better representative of what really happened.
And somewhere along the line, I became a Legionnaire.
Right now, I'm following Byro-sama's instructions to gather the parts of the clock.
The end! I explained who I am and what I'm after!
And they all lived happily ever after!
Um... What we want to know
is what Legion is and what Legion is after!
I can't talk about Legion's secrets!
If I did that, Byro-sama would punish me!
Then what was that story of yours?!
And on top of that, it turned out he has a humdrum past...
Of course, I was talking about myself so you would get to know me better!
Now let's get married, Lu-nyan!
Lu-nyan!
Yeesh. I've so had enough of him...
What should we do, Natsu-nii? There's no point in hanging out with the likes of him.
Lu-nyan!
Get away from me!
But we can't leave yet.
Let's get married!
Never!
Lu-nyan!
We promised to rendezvous with the other members of the guild here.
Lu-nyan, come on!
Oh, well. Guess there's nothin' to do but wait.
Don't just wait there, help me!
Huh? What happened to the other Legionnaire?
You mean Coco! Maybe she got hurt again somewhere...
More likely she escaped.
There's no need to worry about her. She's the enemy.
But I think that girl is kind and sincere at heart.
That's the same as me!
Stay away from me!
Wait for me!
If possible, I don't want to hurt her...
Get away!
Let's get married!
What are you saying, Coco?!
You're a Legionnaire, so you've got to carry out your mission!
If you wanna fight, just bring it on, Sammy!
Don't take it upon yourself to abbreviate my name. It's Samuel.
I'll take care of him.
The rest of you find that clock part as soon as possible.
Panther Lily...
You're an Exceed, older than me.
I suppose you're like a big brother figure to me.
You got no reason to call me your big brother!
Don't be so cold.
As fellow Exceeds, we should be friends, don't you think... Nii-san?
You tryin' to bug me, Sammy?!
Gajeel, Lily's right! Let's hurry and dig up that part!
Yeah, alright... but you better not lose!
I know about you. Even though you're an Exceed, you supported the humans
and went through hell because of it.
It was based on faith.
I don't think it was a mistake.
It seems you're not favored by nature. You should face things in a more clever manner.
Like me...
Unfortunately, I'm not made to reckon profits and losses, and then act accordingly.
I see. Nii-san, it appears that you and I...
Now you're talking...
Here I come!
Brains aren't my only strong point! But I'll show you what I mean!
What is this?!
Ruins with weird faces...
Tryin' to get away?! Stay here an' face me fair and square!
Clashing with each other directly is what slow-witted beings so.
The clever ones think of strategy, the process, and results before fighting!
We Legionnaires have performed rigorous ascetic exercises that you couldn't even imagine, Nii-san,
We're trained to deal with every type of situation!
What?!
This is all working out according to my calculations.
I impress myself!
According to my calculations, you've fallen somewhere around here.
I'm right here, Sammy!
You're a tenacious cat, Nii-san.
You won't be able to get me with the same trick twice!
Gajeel and them are probably about to dig up that part any second now! You have no chance!
I don't know about that. These ruins are mined with various traps.
Traps?!
What the hell?
I don't see anything that could be part of a clock.
Hey, somethin's written on here.
Um... It says, I'm hungry.
Hey!
Here. Isn't this like the face of a clock?
Then... it's indicating snack time?
That's it!
So we just gotta move this, right?
I told you I've got more going for me than smarts alone!
I study various forms of martial arts like this, too!
Gajeel... Be careful!
We finally found it!
It's a clock face!
What are you doing?!
This thing's made of iron.
Isn't there any other way you could've figured that out?
Something's written on it.
Let's see if I can decipher it.
We don't got that kinda time!
W-Wait!
Warning! The stone guardian won't abide by anyone trying to steal this!
This is why I told you to wait! Careless blunderer!
You're sayin' this is my fault?!
Yes, it's your fault, Gajeel!
This is no time to argue!
It seems they've activated something.
But this is also according to my calculations.
You... That's why you separated me from Gajeel and the rest?!
After all, you're strong and can fly, Nii-san.
You're a troublesome opponent, so I had to keep you apart from them.
It looks like that red thing on its head is what controls the rock!
Then that must be its weak point!
Alright! Time for Shadow Gear to show off some teamwork!
First, we have to get it to stand still!
Solid Script!
Oil!
I'm up next!
Chain Plant!
And I'll finish it off! High Speed!
Did you see? That's Shadow Gear's teamwork!
Not too shabby.
Jet!
Leave it to me!
Are you okay?
The oil is all sticky!
Here it comes!
Let's try this one more time!
Jet!
Crap! I can't use High Speed like this!
Then I'll give it a try!
I should've gone on a diet...
It looks like I've got to do it...
Get outta the way!
You know, you shouldn't use that tone...
There you go, Nii-san!
Are you an Exceed that was sent to Earthland too?
That's right. Just like your friends, Happy and Carla.
Then why are you an ally of Legion?
Don't you think you should talk to Happy and Carla, both of whom are in the same circumstances?!
Right after I was born, I was found and raised by Zentopia.
Byro-sama treated me well, too!
More important to me than Exceeds or Edolas
is repaying my obligation to Legion!
Almost there!
Gajeel!
Gotta find a way to reach that head...
Gajeel!
This is all working out according to my calculations! I'm going to defeat you, Nii-san!
And that thing is going to dispose of your friends!
After that, the plan is for me to leisurely collect that part.
Crap! My strength fails me when I got an empty stomach!
That's right! If I eat this...
What are you talking about?! Of course you can't eat that!
Don't be so serious! I was kiddin'!
That doesn't sound like a joke, not when you're involved!
Run! That thing's trying to take the clock face back!
If that's the case...
What are you gonna do?!
Go, Gajeel!
What?!
Secret Dragon Slayer Art!
Karma Demon: Iron God Sword!
I took care of this one! Now hurry up and finish him!
I can't believe it... It's impossible!
How can there be someone who doesn't match my calculations?!
I don't know what to do when things don't go according to plans!
Does not compute! Does not compute!
Battle is a living thing. No matter what happens, you have to respond and cope with it.
It seems you still have a lack of experience, Sammy.
Don't call me that!
You're wide open!
You're not a bad fighter. Try me again sometime.
I'll fight whenever you want.
Certainly, I lost.
Now I know that there are some people in the world whose actions I can't calculate.
You realized you're inexperienced.
I'm saying I didn't calculate enough before the battle, Nii-san!
I lost today, but next time, I'll do more detailed calculations
and then defeat you and your friends, you musclebound cat!
That's right! I have to make note of all the data from today's battle!
Who you callin' musclebound?!
There are all types of Exceeds, huh?
He called you Nii-san!
I don't remember becoming his big brother!
Look, Nee-chan! The lake...
Lisanna must have found something.
Good work, Lisanna.
I haven't been seen much lately, so I thought I'd appeal to the people, you know?
What does that mean?
Well, let's collect this piece and take it back to the guild.
Where did you throw that?!
Huh?
I appreciate your efforts. Thanks to this, I can just take the part without any trouble.
You're...
You were following us, weren't you?!
That's right.
What could be easier than letting you find the part and then snatching it?
I'm so smart!
Even though it was Samuel's idea...
You again?! Give the part back!
Crap!
No matter what you do, the result will be the same.
As long as I have this tact, you're the puppets of Mary Hughes.
I'm surprised they don't get tired of that.
I'm startin' to get hungry.
You're such a pest!
It's so I can be bound to my soul mate!
What are you talking about, soul mate?! Before, you said any girl would do!
This may be a silly question...
But if any girl will do, wouldn't Michelle, who's right over there?
Um...
She's a beauty, but I like girls who are spunkier.
True, Lucy is more of a tomboy, right?
You insulted me like it's nothing!
Shall I be punished, Princess?
Lu-nyan! Wait for me!
Virgo! What are you here for?!
Come on! Lu-nyan! Let's get married!
You looked like you were in trouble, so I thought maybe I could be of service...
Princess? Then she's the princess of something?!
I see! That's why she's so beautiful!
What shall I do, Princess?
Actually, there's nothing I really need you to do...
Are you a maid?
Then bring us some food or something, so I can have a good time with the one I love!
I don't have any food prepared, but I could do a fun dance...
That again?! Anyway, you don't have to listen to what Dan says!
That's a lovely dance! It reminds me of a traditional dance back in my hometown!
That's the first time anyone has ever complimented me on this dance.
They've got the same taste?!
Both of them are a little bit off, right?
It seems that I've been of service, so I'm going to disappear. Call me anytime.
What did you come out for?!
Dear me. I came to see what the outcome was...
That voice... Byro-sama!
That stupid octopus!
It appears you've met unexpected difficulties, Dan, Coco.
My apologies, Byro-sama!
Dan Straight is embarrassed to admit this, but he's kind of lost sight of the objective.
Having said that, I happened to come across my soul mate on this holy ground...
Divine retribution?
Both of you leave and contemplate your lack of competence.
That's...
Octopus Man! That clock hand is Lucy's!
If you don't give it back, I'm gonna beat the crap outta you!
Yeah, you heard him!
Fine. Come and get me.
What the hell is with these people? Goin' on about holy grounds and stuff...
Sounds like it's probably complicated, huh?
Whatever, I just want'em to start something with me!
We'd be better off if everybody was as simple as you.
Is it just me or does that sound not so much like a compliment?
I never said it was a compliment.
Next time: The Whereabouts of the Crusade!
I didn't say anything that weird, did I?!
This is my retaliation for not having much to do lately.
I was ready for a fight before, but now I can't say anything...
