Second Plate
Episode 6
This may as well be the famed battle on Gojo Bridge.
A battle between the knife-wielding Benkei
and the knife-wielding Ushiwakamaru!
Here's my twist!
It smells spicy, but meltingly tender...
What a unique, smokey fragrance...
That's bacon!
But if he's trying to match Yukihira,
he'd be using oxtail in his stew.
What's the bacon for, then?
Bacon in beef stew can only mean one thing...
He means to use it as garniture.
Dawn Will Come Again
Yukihira Soma, your recipe is intended for a beef stew that has been strained.
That'd make the dish a dull one, consisting of only sauce and meat.
And that's why the garnish, or garniture, becomes crucial.
Beef stew is said to have evolved from beef bourguignon,
a stewed beef dish with red wine from the Bourgogne region in France.
usually croutons,
glazed pearl onions,
sauteed mushrooms,
and bacon.
The smell is sure mouth-watering.
It's mellow, yet so striking!
He used mesquite wood to smoke the bacon.
It's a tree in the legume family originally found in South America.
It's virtually unknown in Japan as a wood used for smoking meats.
In Texas, home of barbecue,
it's one of their favorite smoking wood chips.
Because of its sharp smell,
it's used to smoke meats with strong flavor,
and imparts a bright, golden color.
In the brine,
I used sage, nutmeg, and bay leaf,
as well as my secret ingredientbrown sugar!
The umami will be remarkably enhanced.
Was Mimasaka that knowledgeable about smoking and curing?
His knowledge and expertise are on par with Ibusaki's!
What's going on?!
Asshole...
Yukihira-kun doesn't seem to be going for anything unusual with his garnish.
He probably didn't think of it as anything other than something on the side.
Huh?
Garnish, garnish.
The garniture is a critical component of beef stews, too.
How disappointing.
Yukihira Soma cannot win!
Leaping to conclusions before even tasting his dish... Oh, how distasteful.
Having someone like you as the head chef must make the kitchen very tense.
Shut up, thirty-year-old.
I'm not thirty yet!
I'm in my twenties!
Cut it out with the cute act!
Tsunozaki, you can't bring up age to someone's face.
'Kay, I understand, Fuyumi-senpai.
Why're you being polite to Mizuhara-senpai?!
I choose who deserves my respect.
Oxtail, the critical ingredient, was profiled by Mimasaka.
He then added a twist with his special bacon.
Yukihira is definitely between a rock and a hard place now.
Wh-What should he do?
At this rate, Yukihira will...
Fine, I'll quit being a chef if I lose.
Yukihira-senpai...
Oh, you're Sotsuda Mitsuru.
You should be more careful with your passwords.
Using your birthday's a bit too obvious.
I'm going to tell the entire campus
about Yukihira-senpai's victory with my special edition!
You saw my notes?!
You really made my work easy.
It's all thanks to you.
All the days Yukihira-senpai spent testing his recipes...
All that time he spent trying to be innovative...
Mimasaka got all that information.
And it's my fault.
That's...
Tsunozaki Taki-senpai, was it?
I think you've been saying a lot of things about me,
but I'll hear your complaints...
Those are...
Beef cheeks.
Beef tongues.
Tripe!
Fillet!
So...
Dear judges,
I will now spirit you away to a meat theme park!
Parboil the beef tongue and peel it!
He's fast!
Brown the meat with butter for mildness,
plus olive oil for freshness of flavor!
Marinate the cheeks with red wine, parsley stalks, and bay leaves.
Season with salt and pepper,
dust the meat with a thin layer of flour, and then brown it!
Use the oven to braise the fillet, still in the pot!
What?!
What's he doing?!
It means he's improvising everything on the fly.
Improv cooking...
The skirt steak's being...
Oh!
What the hell?
Is he running away?!
Oh!
He's coming back.
Oh, I'm glad I brought my clay cooking stove to the standby room.
Using a clay cooking stove for beef stew?
What's his game plan?
He's really just putting the dish together right now.
I see, Yukihira.
Like I thought, that's the approach you chose to take.
Opponents who know about my perfect profiling take one of two approaches.
One is to put up a front, then try to deceive me.
Flan
They first announce what dish they'll make before the match,
then try to confuse me by making a different dish at the match.
The other one,
which is more likely the more confident the opponent is about their skills,
is improv cooking!
Empty
They show up without a single plan, then start cooking.
As long as they don't think of anything, they think I won't read their thoughts.
Well, the majority of them give in to panic
and lose without even producing a finished dish,
but I bet you'd be able to serve a pretty good dish.
You're not the type to panic midway.
Why're you praising me all of a sudden?
I have faith in you, you see.
I know everything about you.
I know you went by Aldini's apartment this morning,
and I know you got a ton of meat after that.
We will first evaluate Mimasaka Subaru's dish.
Well, enjoy.
He used bacon, mushrooms, and glazed pearl onions as the garniture.
The french word for glazed, glace, means to freeze.
The glossy surface, like ice, visually pulls the dish together.
Shut up!
Just dig in already!
The oxtail's viscosity and the mild white miso hidden deep within are exquisite!
I think my tongue's melting apart!
And yet, the fragrance of mesquite from the bacon strikes a powerful note!
It's unbelievably delicious!
I've predicted all your thoughts.
I knew you'd spring for improv cooking, too.
That's why I went for this special bacon!
It spent a whole five days in the brine!
Then I air-dried it for a whole day,
then smoked it for five hours.
This level of umami requires this much time and effort.
Indeed...
The umami of this carefully-nurtured pork
serves not to undermine, but instead to heighten the beef's flavor!
The time and effort this required... the weight of it!
This dish possesses a strength that can be considered the
total opposite of an improv dish!
It's just like what happened in Takumi-cchi's match!
He even knew that Soma-kun would try improv cooking...
He predicted everything.
He made a preemptive move!
So light! So tender!
This flavor goes far beyond the realm of possibility with profiling.
This is as though...
This extreme deliciousness shakes you to the very bone!
No! I can't contain it all!
The interplay between beef and pork...
Their cross-impact!
High praise!
Even the professional chefs are in awe!
How foolish, Yukihira!
Building a dish on the fly as inspiration strikes you...
It may sound like a great idea at first glance, but it's nothing other than blanking out!
Those who plan their cooking right down to the last detail
and make the necessary preparations always win!
No matter how many tricks you may try to hide up your sleeve, it's useless!
It's all pointless!
Well, don't ever forget this moment.
It's the last dish you'll ever serve to a customer.
You make me sad, Mimasaka.
See, I also had faith in you.
What?
I also thought about you all last week.
No matter what he may try to pull,
it should fall within my range of predictions.
And yet... why am I afraid?
Well, here you go.
Enjoy!
It's the Yukihira-Style Beef Stew
the Autumn Election Special!
What?
So many different meat parts!
This'd better not be a joke.
I've never seen a beef stew like thi
What do you mean?
It is beef stew.
That's all just garniture.
What?!
That's all garnish?
The smoky fragrance of charcoal...
It's cooked just right.
Hmph.
Shoving random ingredients together into a mish-mash...
Talk about a crude attempt!
It could hardly live up to my garniture.
I nurtured my special bacon with the alluring smell of mesquite.
He can't compete with my meticulously-cultivated flavor.
Hmm.
The stew itself is not that different from the one we just had.
As for the garniture...
What?!
Right!
Left!
And a surprising loop!
Delicious!
The meltingly tender cheeks fall apart when you bite in!
The tongue and tripe offer great texture and mouthfeel!
The charcoal-grilled skirt steak
is unbelievably juicy because of its thick cut!
Even when tasted with the stew,
the garniture adds a great accent to the dish.
Indeed.
This may seem slapdash at first glance,
but each component has been precisely prepared.
It is an attraction that has been carefully composed.
It is perfectly balanced.
Impossible!
How could he improvise that?!
To be honest,
I was thinking along the same lines as you.
About using a strongly flavored garniture like smoked bacon to strengthen the flavor.
But that wouldn't be right.
That wouldn't be my own cooking.
I wanted something where a wide range of flavors and ingredients
would gather into a single dish.
I never thought beef stew could have so much depth and range of flavor.
Oh, well, my thinking was inspired by a certain dish.
What dish?
I only had that flash of inspiration this morning, but yeah.
It was the Chikuzen stew.
Huh?
The dish is commonly misinterpreted as a simple stew,
but when it's made by a professional, it's something else.
Right, Hinako-senpai?
Yes.
By simmering each vegetable ingredient separately for the optimal amount of time,
you can maximize each ingredient's color and flavor.
Then you reassemble the components into the final dish,
while paying minute attention to the balance of ingredients.
This dish is the same.
Chikuzen stew... that's definitely a dish of the people.
That's Yukihira's specialty!
Yukihira, weren't you just doing improv cooking without any pre-planning?!
I never said it was improv.
I've been building this dish for my entire life!
The path I had to take to get to this point...
The countless flavor combinations I've tried...
I called on everything I had to create the dish in my head.
You've always only taken the one step necessary
to discover and surpass your opponent's dish.
I thought you wouldn't be able to do what I was attempting.
An approach my perfect profiling cannot reach?!
What he built is
a paradise decorated with all the delicious flavors beef has to offer...
A land of dreams that makes you want to stay forever...
Beloved by all!
Yukihee Land!
Hey.
Let's remember today forever.
Yeah!
Let's all be friends forever!
Let go of me!
Taki-chan, you have small, cute hands.
What?!
Why are you all teary-eyed?!
So cute!
It seems Yukihira was the one who didn't blank out in the end.
Stop staring! Go back to your seat already!
The long, long history of pursuing your own cooking...
That is the depth possessed by a professional chef.
Yukihira has concentrated all of that most admirably into a single dish!
We'll now enter the final assessment.
This concludes round one of the Autumn Elections' Semi-Finals,
and the Shokugeki!
Judges, please cast your vote!
Now, what is the outcome?!
Yukihira Soma
A unanimous vote!
Candidate Yukihira Soma has won the Shokugeki,
and will proceed to the finals!
Glad you enjoyed it!
He won!
Soma-kun!
Impossible...
No one can escape my profiling!
If that's what you think,
you should taste this, too.
Yukihee Land!
Shit... why is it... so pleasant?
I'm starting to remember how it used to be
when I'd just started cooking!
Young Master Subaru, you're so clever with your hands!
You can recreate any dish just by glancing at the recipe!
You're your father's son, for sure.
What wonderful talent!
You're making me feel embarrassed.
Mimasaka Subaru (Age 12)
This is just me learning by imitation.
Would Dad praise me if he sees this?
Don't be so happy over this poor imitation!
A true top-notch chef will have originality!
This restaurant has no need for chefs who have no personal creed!
A few days later,
there was a showcase of our new dishes with a lot of VIP customers in attendance.
I didn't do it out of malice.
I just wanted his respect.
I added just one simple twist to Dad's specialty dish,
and I won.
I was exiled...
No, that's not it.
Dad ran away from me.
Oh... cooking's easy.
Shokugeki
Just one step...
One small step is all I need to surpass my opponents.
I have that talent!
Mimasaka Subaru
Look, see?
All the elites at Japan's elite culinary academy
are at their wits' end and losing to me.
Top-notch? Creed?
Yeah, right.
Worthless chefs!
Mimasaka Subaru... you are useful.
Come work for me.
I'll let you wreak whatever havoc you want.
With this Shokugeki,
Mimasaka Subaru has lost all rights to these tools.
Yukihira Soma, I understand you wish to return all of them to their former owners.
Is that correct?
Yup!
Ah! One hundred knives are being returned to their chefs!
Um, Yukihira-kun.
This knife belonged to my mom. I got it when she passed away.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
It's time.
I'll leave Totsuki.
I won't cook anymore.
I suffered such a miserable defeat.
There's nothing left for me to be proud of
Idiot!
Why did I accept your Shokugeki challenge, then?
Hey, what's the matter?
Aren't you going to claim it?
The last one's yours, Takumi.
Aldini...
Mimasaka Subaru.
I lost to you.
It was total defeat.
But next time, I won't lose!
If you're one step ahead of me,
I'll take two... no, ten... a hundred steps!
I won't let things end this way.
Do you hear me, Mimasaka?!
The mezzaluna is now Yukihira's.
I will get it back someday.
After I beat you in a Shokugeki!
Until then, keep it safe for me!
See?
People who want to become professional chefs
are all really sore losers.
Listen up, Mimasaka.
Never plan to take your opponent's entire pride in a single match ever again.
Even if all the confidence and pride you've built over the years
is blown to pieces by a major failure...
Even if you've had a soul-crushing experience...
In Preparation
Open for Business
That's who chefs are.
Aren't you the same way?
Mimasaka?
Is he telling me to keep on cooking, despite who I am?
My cold, hardened heart...
I have cuticles like a girl!
You decided to put your life as a chef on the line
to send a message about starting over, even if you lose?
It doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
Yeah, you're right.
But it's something Soma-kun would do.
Hey, Nakiri.
I managed to get this far.
Just one more step until I get to where I can face off with you
as the top first-year.
Know your place.
I am far above and beyond where you are!
Also...
We'll now proceed to Round 2 of the semi-finals!
We have Candidate Kurokiba Ryo and Candidate Hayama Akira!
The Second Plate
Next Episode: Beasts Devouring Each Other
Next time, Beasts Devouring Each Other.
