How can this be?
My granddaughter Asseylum, assassinated,
and we go to war against Earth without so much as a declaration?
Surely they knew what would come of harming a goodwill ambassador.
Knowing that, why?
What is going on there
without my knowledge?
We are told that the assassination was a terrorist act.
But does that not imply no hostile intent on the part of the UE?
It is obvious that anti-Vers factions exist on Earth.
To allow this assassination in spite of that
leads me to believe that her security was deliberately lax.
There is also the possibility that the assassination
was perpetrated by the UE government under the guise of a terrorist attack.
To what end?
Her Highness is of royal blood, one able to summon forth the power of Aldnoah.
That bloodline is the very foundation of the Vers Empire's might.
This is baffling.
Inform the UE government that we are suspending hostilities.
And then uncover the truth.
Yes, Majesty.
How goes the war, Count Cruhteo?
All goes well.
Tokyo and its surrounding cities have been conquered,
and Shinawara, where Princess Asseylum fell, is already in our hands.
Well done.
Incidentally, where is Sir Trillram?
Is he still out distinguishing himself on the battlefield?
As to that... I regret to inform you that he has fallen in battle.
Fallen in battle?
Is this true?!
Yes. It is most regrettable.
He was caught in the meteor bombardment that some ruffian launched on my territory.
That is not possible...
Odd. I informed him of the bombardment.
He should not have been caught in it unawares.
Sir Trillram served me well as my guest.
To think that he should be taken from us in this manner...
We shall pray for the soul of our brave warrior.
On that note, did anyone witness his end?
What should I do?
They knew Princess Asseylum was alive, and yet...
If I do nothing, she really will be assassinated sooner or later.
I want it repaired immediately!
Don't just stand there!
The Argyre... Its head!
Thank goodness you are unharmed, Sir Vlad!
You call this unharmed?!
My honor has been tarnished!
Was your opponent that powerful?
No. I was made a fool of by some orange, impudent cur!
What are you doing here?
Should you not be at the Count's side?
I was disciplined. For speaking out of turn.
Speaking out of turn?
I said that I wished him to send me into battle, too.
You're just like them, I see.
You're a Terran. Impudent.
You are that eager to distinguish yourself in battle and win favor?
Pathetic.
It's not like that! I just...
Her Highness, I want to...
Pathetic.
Oh, I get it. This puts it on autopilot.
What are your names?
Nina Klein.
I'm Yutaro Tsumugi.
Kisaki Matsuribi.
Wait, are we going to be sent into battle?
No way. These are just supplementary lessons.
Just to cover our bases.
Gotcha.
They're covering their bases...
You're the one who drove off the enemy Kataphrakt, Amifumi?
Yes, Capt. Magbaredge!
Actually, it was this boy who planned the operation.
Operation?
Go on!
I don't think it was elaborate enough to call an operation.
You were the pilot of that trainer?
Yes, ma'am. I'm Inaho Kaizuka.
Kaizuka?
Yes, ma'am. Warrant Officer Kaizuka is my sister,
That was fine work, Inaho.
Your efforts saved the lives of many of my crew, as well as the civilians.
Your sister must be proud.
If you were enlisted, I'd be tempted to put you in for commendations.
Commendations?
Medals.
That's amazing! We could get medals!
Amazing? Is it?
Of course it is! I've never seen anyone with a medal!
That's only because nobody's seen any real fighting for so long.
Instructor Marito!
Instructor? Does this look like a school to you?
My apologies, Lt. Marito.
Medals are gonna be a whole lot more common soon.
We're in a war. Honor is about the only reward they can hand out.
Well, dying for honor isn't such a bad thing.
Because it's hard to survive and live in misery.
Lt. Marito.
Do you have a moment?
Hanging out your shingle on a military boat, Doc?
Those who do not work do not eat.
I can't say that I appreciate you shattering those kids' illusions, Lieutenant.
You aren't hitting the bottle, I see.
I'm so touched that you trust me.
I thought you might be picking on those kids because you were drunk.
Maybe I am under the influence. Of my lot in life.
The Tanegashima Report, you mean?
Sins you've committed cling to your soul and haunt you forever.
And sins that have gone unpunished aren't forgiven until you die.
Humeray...
Your hands are clean. On the contrary, you saved his life.
Is that what I did?
Hey, what's up?
It's from Mars!
They say they've announced an armistice!
Attention, foolish people of Earth.
Rayregalia Vers Rayvers, noble emperor of the Vers Empire,
has issued an armistice declaration to the United Earth government.
Even as we feel intense shame in our common ancestry with you,
We can barely transmit at all... All we get are these pirate broadcasts of theirs.
our desire is that this act conveys to you, the deeply sinful people of Earth
So what's this mean, the war's on hold for now?
who took the life of Her Highness Princess Asseylum,
Grandfather must be trying to put a stop to the knights' outrageous behavior.
the profound compassion of His Imperial Majesty Rayregalia.
The emperor of Mars?
I repeat, Rayregalia Vers Ravers, noble emperor of the Vers Empire...
What is the meaning of this?
They say that His Imperial Majesty has issued an armistice declaration to the UE government.
Over our heads?! Without so much as a word to the Orbital Knights?
I must offer counsel to His Majesty...
I shall use the audience chamber!
Call the moon base!
Yes, Milord!
He was not killed in the meteor bombardment, then?
No, Milord.
The Nilokeras appears to have been damaged in battle and then deserted.
There is someone whose actions I wish to look into.
Infiltrate Castle Cruhteo and continue your investigation.
Yes, Milord!
They open hostilities without warning and then stop just as abruptly.
This whole thing doesn't make any sense.
Do you suppose that means the enemy isn't monolithic, either?
Has anyone tried to contact us?
No, ma'am. The jamming is still too strong.
Where are you going, Milady?
To speak with this ship's master.
I shall tell her who I really am.
Princess, you-
And then I shall have her inform Vers of my safety.
Doing so will end this war.
It's too dangerous! The rebels will come for you before word reaches His Majesty!
Which is exactly why this armistice provides us with the perfect opportunity.
Don't underestimate them.
They aren't the sort to obey the terms of an armistice.
You'll just get yourself crushed.
But the longer this war drags on, the more casualties there will be.
If you want to die, that's your decision.
But leave me out of it.
An attack?
But there's an armistice!
It simply won't do for the war to end
without me having a chance to redeem my honor!
Bastard... He wants revenge?
Lieutenant! Where are you going?!
Launch Kataphrakts! Intercept!
Captain, I suggest relocating to CIC.
I'm fine here.
Unacceptable!
What is His Majesty thinking?!
His own flesh and blood was killed!
Assemble a fact-finding mission.
As per His Majesty's orders, we shall uncover the details of the Princess' assassination!
Yes, Milord!
I can... I can use this to speak to His Majesty!
I'm back on-
Come! Let us pick up where we left off!
Draw sword!
Aldaniti Platoon, prepare for launch. Raising elevator 2.
All units, don't use HE rounds. Engage using AP rounds.
Bastard!
Wait!
He's using the bridge as a shield!
Nao!
Draw sword.
What are you doing? Come down from there!
I could say the same to you, Yuki. You're injured.
We're short on pilots!
Then it'll be just as good if I go out instead.
Where are my pajamas?
The ones with the patches.
Majesty!
Who are you?
Slaine Troyard, Majesty.
Slaine? Ah, it has been a long time.
It has, Majesty.
What is the purpose of this visit?
There is a matter that I must inform you of, Majesty.
The truth is, Princess Asseylum is alive.
I have seen her with my own two eyes.
It was the Orbital Knights who made the attempt on her life in their lust for war with Earth.
But their attempt failed,
and Princess Asseylum is alive somewhere on Earth!
So, you show yourself,
my nemesis.
A trainer?
I don't believe it, is that-
Inaho?!
A tactical suit isn't gonna protect you against that!
There is no armor my blades cannot slice through!
This will be over in an instant!
Inaho!
Yeah!
Reactive armor. Armor plates that are made of explosives.
They were originally designed to detonate and deflect incoming enemy fire.
Damn you!
He's using the blasts to disperse the blade's plasma?!
Control! Tilt the ship!
Mizusaki!
Flood ballast! Open well dock hatch!
Unhand me!
I'd be glad to.
Backpack dumped. Bailing out.
What the-
Inaho!
What just happened?!
Steam explosion.
The massive amount of thermal energy in those blades flashed the seawater to steam
and the impact from the high pressure steam destroyed him.
Inaho Kaizuka... He hardly seems like a student, does he?
No, ma'am. He's a surprisingly useful boy.
Mizusaki. Shall I tell you why you can't get a date?
Don't partners prefer a forthright personality?
Yours isn't forthright. It's unfiltered.
Let's go pick him up!
If what you say is true,
it is most regrettable indeed.
I beg you, Majesty, please stop this war without delay.
And please rescue Princess Asseylum.
I shall see to it at once.
Thank you, Your Majesty. I shall take my leave.
It is exactly as you said, Count Saazbaum.
The Terrans are not to be trusted.
They have spies everywhere,
and are scheming to overthrow Vers if the opportunity should present itself.
It is scandalous that they would try to deceive Your Majesty with lies!
You, whose heart is grieving the loss of your beloved princess!
My Emperor.
I ask that you smite this foul race with the iron fist of justice.
In the name of Rayregalia Vers Rayvers, Emperor of Vers,
I hereby renew my declaration of war.
Attack the Earth!
Those who would do harm to my flesh and blood...
Slaine Troyard, you mean harm to our cause...
How ironic...
Is it not, Dr. Troyard?
