The long age of drifting ended,
and humanity found a home in the wide reaches of the galaxy.
We named it Avalon: The beautiful paradise.
Behold a shining utopia, born of our pioneering spirit and scientific mind.
This is your homeland.
All 470,000,000 citizens of Avalon hail your bravery and dedication,
and know your names as honored soldiers.
All hail the Galactic Alliance of Humankind, and its eternal future.
Humanity's endless challenge begins here.
But you must never forget that a merciless evil lurks in the depths of this cruel universe.
We must end the threat of the Hideauze, who would hinder our journey onward!
We must not allow these lower life forms to hold back humanity's race to the future!
Stand, heroes, for this is the time of our greatest trial.
Forget not the countless lives lost, nor our future comrades, yet still in grave danger.
Ceasing REM Hypnosis Education for all crew.
Pilot of Unit Number K6821, Ensign Ledo, is to awaken immediately.
Measuring brainwaves: Basic rhythms normal.
Blood lactate levels, adrenaline output are both normal.
Awakening process complete.
Where's the enemy?
Attention Kugel Squad.
REM Enlightenment time is over.
All ships participating in the operation have left port.
Nobody's still drowsy, are they?
Shut down REM Hypnosis Education for all soldiers on standby. Ensure they all awaken.
Not time yet, huh?
In 300 seconds, the entire fleet will be entering the wormhole's ergo region.
We'll be swinging out right next to a Hideauze nest.
This is a surprise attack, with everything the Alliance has to throw at them.
If we fail here, consider this war over.
Notice: As of this moment, your time spent in military service has exceeded 145,000 hours.
Ensign Ledo, when this operation is complete,
you will be given limited citizenship privileges and the right to visit Avalon for four weeks.
Oh, is that so?
No change in adrenalin production.
Your response fails to meet expected parameters.
Avalon, huh?
I did want to see it for myself one day...
But now that I've got the chance, I'm not sure.
What is a homeland, anyway?
A place where the rights of citizens are guaranteed.
You will be granted the right to sleep, eat, drink, and reproduce freely.
Somehow I think those are all a little beyond me.
You have proven to be a superior example of humanity, fit to survive and reproduce.
This is an honor, and an accomplishment to be celebrated.
Are you happy, Chamber?
I am a Pilot Support Enlightenment Interface System.
I accomplish my purpose by ensuring you achieve further success.
Yeah, thanks for that.
You're right, you do work hard.
Enough talking, Ensign Ledo. Focus on your mission.
Roger, Commander.
Everyone, prepare for shock.
As soon as the Telemothy Swing is complete we launch.
Good luck.
All ships, prepare for Swing.
Initiating Telemothy Swing.
Swing In!
Castaway
The fleet has swung out.
The fleet has passed through the wormhole.
We have passed through the wormhole. Move to attack formation.
All carriers, launch your Assault Support Craft.
Assault Support Craft are to proceed to the designated coordinates.
Closer Pass Quantum Dimensional Nuclear Weapon Deployment Squads, launch.
Upon sighting the Blossom Sail, Assault Ships at the vanguard
Carriers will move to standby orbit when Assault Support Craft are deployed.
will begin a barrage of fire at the enemy's special cannon emitter.
Assault Fleet is to deploy around central ship. Secure a cone formation for the attack.
Blossom Sail Fortress special cannon is showing rising energy levels.
Prepare to fire shipboard cannons.
Fire!
Hit confirmed! We've struck the cannon emitter!
The forward line has been destroyed!
Remaining ships have suffered heavy damage!
Fire from rear ships has struck!
We've destroyed the cannon emitter!
Quantum Dimensional Fissure Inducers are functional.
Enemy fortress cannon has been completely destroyed.
Excellent!
Superstring construction proceeding at theoretical limits.
Hexelena Fleet, prepare to fire the Dimenstrium!
Machine Caliber Squads, launch!
The Hideauze nest is on a direct line to the other side of the Hot Jupiter Type planet.
It's an impregnable fortress,
protected both by the defense platform Blossom Sail and the star's radiation pressure.
The star's powerful radiation prohibits approach from the side facing the sun.
We must attack the nest from the planet's shadow.
Fire the Dimenstrium!
Fire!
We will use our new weapon, the Dimenstrium,
to destroy the fortress Blossom Sail and its cannon that protects the planet's shadow.
With the nest fully exposed we can attack it.
Our Machine Caliber squads will escort a group
planting a Quantum Dimensional Nuclear Bomb, Closer Pass on the base,
and eliminate anything that gets in the way!
Firing line one, fire!
Phalanx Squad, focus fire on the enemy front!
Multiple Attack Carrier-class enemies have launched from the enemy nest.
More coming.
When was the last time I felt scared?
By throwing away everything I didn't need, I've fully become a soldier.
Like the victory I am to achieve, everything is perfectly clear.
My conviction never wavers.
What I seek. What is sought from me.
Everything is right here.
Closer Pass deployment squad advancing.
Plant it on the Hideauze nest!
Multicore Cannon Squads, connect to attack position.
The Blossom Sail is regenerating too quickly!
Is the Dimenstrium ready to fire its second shot yet?
120 seconds until criticality!
We won't make it!
Impossible!
Enemy fortress special cannon has struck the main fleet!
Shield Escort Ships have been wiped out by the enemy's dispersal attack.
All ships in Hexelena Fleet have been crippled!
Dimenstrium formation has been annihilated!
We cannot continue the mission!
Our escorts have been destroyed!
All ships withdraw immediately!
Even with so many ships, we still can't win?
Commander Kugel.
The wormhole stabilizer will cease supplying exotic matter in four minutes.
The Closer Pass deployment squad is to return to the carrier Lamorak immediately.
You heard her, everyone.
Abandon the Closer Pass and withdraw!
You'll be left behind!
Okay! Delta Company, everybody get off the Closer Pass.
We'll leave the whole Quantum Dimensional Bomb behind!
Obey Commander Kugel's orders and withdraw!
Go! Go! Go!
Set the Closer Pass's Quantum Dimensional Bomb to mine mode!
The enemy has surrounded the ones who were too slow to get off of the Closer Pass!
Pull out the safety key and get out of there!
Are they going to eat the Closer Pass, energy core and all?
Ledo!
I'll take care of this!
What?
The enemy's right on top of us! Get the Machine Calibers out of there!
Okay. Just hold out for 200 seconds.
Don't do anything stupid.
Understood!
I'm ordering you to release all limiters! Maximize!
I don't care if we burn out!
Roger!
Requesting backup!
It's got me and I can't move!
We need help!
Roger.
Don't give up!
Hang in there...
Ledo!
It's time, Ledo! Head back!
Commander Kugel!
But...
They're done for.
Give it up.
Don't waste any more energy.
Requesting backup! Requesting backup!
We're completely surrounded!
The enemy is going to devour the quantum energy of the Closer Pass!
We're not going to last down here!
Ending Maximize limiter release to preserve unit functionality.
Avoiding further combat.
Maintaining corridor connection.
Initiating Telemothy Swing.
40 seconds until the Lamorak begins Telemothy Swing.
39.
38.
37.
Damn it! We can't bring the Hideauze back with us!
Ledo!
You land.
I'll slow them down.
Commander Kugel!
That's a violation of military regulations!
You're still young.
You can kill more enemies than I can.
That's my decision as a soldier.
Glory to the Galactic Alliance of Humankind!
See you.
Commander!
Guidance beacon received.
Beginning landing sequence.
Curse the Hideauze...
Sorry!
It's huge!
Bellows!
Hey, Amy.
I've got a message from Ridget.
She said if you're willing to take responsibility,
you can use this place until tomorrow night.
Here's the pledge for you to sign.
Jeez.
She's such a stickler.
So what is this thing?
If we knew, this would be a lot easier.
Forget getting it open, we tried to take the armor off and we can't even scratch it.
I can't even imagine how they put this thing together.
And look here!
What?
I've never seen writing like this.
Of course, who knows if these are even letters.
It's been weird ever since we found it.
Not rusted and not rotted.
Not like the usual treasure we find.
It's not much of a treasure if we can't even take it apart.
You're buying it at the price we agreed, Pinion.
You're the one who said to just go pull it up.
Miser.
It looks like it could start moving any second, doesn't it?
I'm sure it's broken.
No matter where you touch it, not even a budge...
Well, you picked this area out on the edge to protect us, right?
If something happens we can just cut it off.
You idiot, this is my house!
You can't just cut us off that easy!
Right, right. I'll tell Ridget.
So as you can see, Amy.
There ain't gonna be much to see around here for a while.
Get back to your deliveries.
I'll see you tomorrow morning then.
Make sure you've taken off at least a few parts by then.
If we can!
No clue how...
Measuring brainwaves: Basic rhythms normal.
Ensign Ledo has awakened.
Revival was successful.
In accordance with emergency protocols,
I protected your biological functions via cold sleep.
266,815 minutes have passed.
My system functionality was frozen as well,
but I rebooted 12 minutes ago in response to external stimuli.
We've been asleep for six months?
The situation requires the judgment of the pilot.
Thus, I initiated your awakening process.
Who are they?
What are they saying?
It is an unknown language.
It is similar to several ancient languages.
I am analyzing but lack sufficient data.
It's not the Galactic Alliance.
A wandering tribe that hasn't joined the Alliance?
Have they never seen a Machine Caliber?
It appears they are trying to damage the craft,
but have no means of doing so.
It appears they are a very primitive group.
They won't be able to open the hatch from the look of it.
What's our position?
It's impossible to pinpoint our coordinates.
We lack a reference point.
What?
Hypothesis: During the carrier Lamorak's Telemothy Swing,
we were caught in the change of the spacetime metric,
and resynchronized with normal space at a set of random coordinates.
You're kidding me.
I was maintaining your cold sleep while sending out a rescue signal,
but the situation is approaching a point that requires intervention.
Suggest a plan.
I don't know, though.
From the look of it they're a descendant of humanity...
But until we know who they are I can't make any decisions.
The bulkheads are likely to be extremely fragile.
Even with our current power output it is possible to destroy them and escape.
No.
It might be vacuum outside.
They're not wearing airtight suits.
Anyway, I need to know what's going on.
I'd like to see what's going on outside...
Damn it!
Oww...
The gravity's exactly 1G, huh?
For a wandering tribe, they've got it tuned pretty well.
What about the air?
Primary components are nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide.
The ratio is ideal for life.
There are other minor components, but none of them are harmful.
If I can breathe then I will.
I'd like to save my oxygen if I can.
What is this smell?
What is this place?
How old is this stuff?
Whose are these people?
Sure, I said tomorrow morning.
But it's not even dawn!
I was thinking about it so much I couldn't sleep.
I didn't get any sleep at all.
'Cause you're the only one who can open up the door!
We're in the middle of crossing the Milky Way right now.
Ridget will get pissed off if I waste electricity.
What?
What's wrong?
It's not going to move.
Amy, get away from that thing.
Get over here.
Now!
Okay...
Amy!
Why you...!
What the hell are you saying?
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Screw you!
Wait!
Damn it! Let me go! Let me go!
What?
I cannot find any logic in your actions.
If I take a hostage they won't attack me on sight.
I hope, anyway.
First we need to know the layout of this place.
Until then I can't activate you.
Roger.
Recording and analyzing footage.
Please move over as wide an area as possible.
You still can't understand what they're saying?
Analysis estimated to be 40 complete.
More vocabulary samples are needed.
You heard him. Keep talking.
It's not a fire?
What do you mean?
Ridget, there's an intruder!
He's got some weird gun!
He kidnapped Amy!
An intruder?
Where did he come from?
How the hell should I know?!
He just showed up in the hangar!
Those were statements regarding reproduction with one's mother,
as well as sanctified excrement.
Just as I thought, they're savages!
This is the problem with wandering tribes!
Statement of doubt: We cannot assume these people are a wandering tribe.
Why, Chamber?
No recorded footage displays precautions taken
for gravity fluctuations, radiation, or air loss.
This facility must have been constructed without concern for vacuum and zero-gravity.
No way!
That's impossible.
Agreed.
But there is one historical example that would fit those criteria.
W-What is this?
What?
What is this place?
Grace!
I don't have a choice.
Chamber!
What's going on here, Chamber?
It appears we are on the surface of a planet where respiration is possible.
But that's impossible.
Matching data with observed celestial bodies.
Assurance: There is only one set of matching data.
The third planet of the solar system, Earth.
The birthplace of humanity,
the existence of which has, until now, only been suggested in records.
