The Third Plate
Three
So good!
Totsuki Culinary Teahouse Academy Famous Taiwanese Black Pepper Buns
Oh, so this is Yukihira Soma's booth.
He's the one who made it to the finals, right?
That smells really good!
Black pepper buns, huh.
They're piping hot and delicious!
Please come eat here!
Black pepper buns, a Taiwanese specialty, huh.
I do think it's a good angle, if I have to be honest.
It lets you distinguish yourself from my forte, Sichuan cuisine,
despite choosing Chinese cuisine.
After all, its strong peppery bite and the juiciness of the meat
will tend to enthrall those who taste it.
But you know, it's pointless if no one shows up to eat it.
Listen up, Yukihira-chin.
The Moon Festival is different from a Shokugeki,
where it's guaranteed that the judges will eat your food.
Whoa, what's this imposing booth?
Kuga Restaurant
It's Sichuan cuisine by the Elite Ten's Eighth Seat.
Maybe I'll go here.
The Elite Ten, huh.
I think I'll go there after all.
Oh.
Customers will only favor the strong.
Isn't it obvious?
Food Wars
The Third Plate
The 92nd Moon Festival
Moon Festival
Everyone, the Moon Festival's finally here!
Let's use this opportunity to enjoy student life to the hilt
while ensuring that our customers are fully satisfied!
Yeah!
It finally begins, Hisako.
Yes, Erina-sama.
Let's kick all the other booths to the curb with our ultra-premium donburi!
Put your backs to it!
Yes'm!
Hey, are you all ready?
Ready!
Okay, let's get started!
What's with all this turmeric?
We only have two tomatoes...
Who handled the order?
Well, that'd be...
Hey, where's the outlet for the centrifuge?
This is a nightmare.
It's reality.
Hup! Hup! Hup!
Hup! Hup! Hup!
Come, come! Please savor this seductive Sichuan cuisine!
In addition to our main attraction, mapo tofu,
we have spicy water spinach, spicy dumplings, and steamed chicken with chili sauce!
So spicy!
Water! Water!
But...
I can't stop eating it!
Kuga Restaurant
Black pepper buns! Who wants to try some?
Get them while they're piping hot!
Kuga Restaurant
Just one plum ticket!
Come one, come all!
One ticket, two tickets.
So many.
Wow, nice. So many.
I'm glad you had so many customers come.
I'm happy for you as your senior.
Totsuki's future is bright with students like you!
The Chinese Cuisine RS made so much more.
If only you'd decided not to pick a fight with me
and chosen a different spot for your booth,
you'd have had a really fun school festival. Too bad.
All right, the prep team should start on what we need for tomorrow.
Yes, sir!
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What to do?!
We're super guaranteed to end the first day with a net loss!
Soma-kun, this decides whether you can stay at Totsuki!
Well, I didn't think we'd come out strong on the first day, but...
Oh, my god!
I didn't think we'd struggle this much!
Hey, this is no laughing matter!
Yeah...
Kuga Restaurant
You're right.
Everyone, we have an announcement.
Teppanyaki
We have finished tallying
first day sales as of six o'clock for the Moon Festival.
We will now announce sales rankings for each area.
The Main Avenue area's first!
Third place
goes to Don RS!
Don RS! We were this close to shutting down!
Look at us now!
Third place is nothing to be this happy about!
Second place goes to Skewers RS!
And now, first place!
The winner is Pop-up Trattoria Aldini!
We're first, bro!
I guess having someone who advanced to the main tournament as our lead
was a good attraction!
Nah, it's because we all worked together.
The Central Area's next!
How'd Yukihira do?!
Third place goes to Yo-Yo Restaurant by Western Cuisine RS!
Second place goes to El Fuego by Spanish Cuisine RS!
And first place goes to Kuga Restaurant by Chinese Cuisine RS!
Their sales were more than double that of the booths in second place and below!
Yukihira...
Guess you couldn't take customers away from Kuga Terunori.
I was hoping he'd at least be in the top three.
Extra! Extra from Totsuki Sports!
92nd Moon Festival Begins
We have first day sales rankings that include those below third place.
Hey, look!
There are two booths that couldn't turn a profit!
What idiots!
Booths With Day One Losses
Yukihira Soma (Chinese Cuisine) Shiomi Research Group (Creative Curry)
Main Tournament Finalist (Winner)
Main Tournament Finalist
Prelims Top 8
Prelims Top 8
Main Tournament Finalist
Lost Money
Lost Money
Lost Money
What is the meaning of this?!
All of you advanced to the Autumn Elections' main tournament!
It is already an embarrassment that three finalists are in last place in sales.
But you all actually lost money!
Are you trying to demean the prestigious Autumn Elections?!
S-Sor... I'm so sorry!
How are you going to take responsibility for this, eh, Nakiri?
You made a crap-ton of mistakes ordering ingredients!
But you were supposed to check the order, Hayama-kun!
I think you said you'd do that too, miss.
Hey, whose side on you on?!
Hey, Kurokiba.
What's up with your mistress?
She kept changing the menu lineup until the day before!
That's why she made mistakes like this!
You don't know what you're talking about.
She'll keep doing it tomorrow and forever.
Anyway, we'll just have to turn a profit starting tomorrow.
Okay, let's switch gears.
This is basically your fault!
Are you even sorry?!
They've got zero teamwork!
Megumi, are you okay?
You're not even getting to challenge the Elite Ten.
And you might end up being expelled together.
Oh, y-yeah...
Well, I'm sure we'll figure something out.
Yukihira?!
Where have you been?!
Oh, I just had to take care of something.
By the way, aren't you guys hungry?
I made black pepper buns using leftover filling from today.
Let's have dinner.
Sure, I'll have some.
Where'd the tension go?!
Good work, everyone!
Let's start closing up shop for today.
Huh? We're stopping already?
But the crowd's just starting to build up in the Yamanote Area.
Why not keep going for a bit longer?
Our primary goal is to have fun.
We shouldn't overdo it on the first day.
Besides...
There's something I want to prepare for tomorrow, too.
Hey, the other half of the Nakiris should eat, too.
I said don't call us that!
I'm not eating anything!
I inadvertently helped you with taste-testing,
but I have not acknowledged your cooking as legitimate!
'Kay...
Oh, but Erina, it's good.
The meat filling benefits from the fragrance of black pepper and sesame oil.
Well, it'd taste better if I'd done it.
Huh?!
In addition to black pepper,
the filling contains the five spice powder essential to Chinese cuisine,
Five Spice Powder
and anise, which helps enhance flavor.
Anise
Yeah, bingo!
Chinese seasonings are basically just spices.
I was able to use what I learned during the curry match in the prelims.
Oh, Nikumi helped, too.
Testing in Progress
There are other seasonings used in Chinese cuisine, you know.
Oyster sauce, XO sauce, and too many spices to name.
Yeah.
Let's try a bunch!
Wrap this up in dough with some finely-sliced green onions, then bake them.
Damn!
It's damn good, Yukihira!
Thanks for your help, Nikumi!
Hey, you can't just grab my hand like that!
Yukihira, why didn't you call me to help?
Bro, why don't you ask him directly?
Delivering the inspiration of food from Totsuki: From the students to the customers
92nd Moon Festival Begins
So these are the sales rankings for the first day, huh.
Wow!
Day 1 Sales Rankings Yamanote Area
1st Place Akanegakubo Momo 3rd Yr H.S. 4th Seat 2nd Place Nakiri Erina 1st Yr H.S. 10th Seat 3rd Place Megishima Tosuke 3rd Yr H.S. 3rd Seat 4th Place Kinokuni Nene 2nd Yr H.S. 6th Seat 5th Place Tsukasa Eishi 3rd Yr H.S. 1st Seat
So many of the Elite Ten rank
as top sellers in the Yamanote Area!
The fourth seat, Akanegakubo-senpai, is in first place.
The first seat, Tsukasa-senpai, is in fifth place.
Oh, I don't see the second seat, Kobayashi Rindo-senpai, or Eizan-senpai on the list.
Delivering the inspiration of food from Totsuki: From the students to the customers
I wonder if they're not participating.
So one of the Nakiris was in second place, huh.
Delivering the inspiration of food from Totsuki: From the students to the customers
92nd Moon Festival Begins
That's super amazing.
I'll show up. Let me try your food.
If you want to dine at my establishment, you'd better come with plenty of pine tickets!
Erina-sama's booth is by reservation only.
We do not accept walk-ins.
If we had, we would have been in first place.
Huh.
Not all participants are trying to compete for sales, like you.
There are many students who seek to hone their own cooking skills.
Huh, guess it takes all kinds.
Anyway!
Now's not the time for you to be paying attention to booths in other areas, is it?
You must focus on beating Kuga-san in the Central Area.
Do I?
Huh?
What?
Nikumi!
Our booth tent broke!
Come right away!
You wimp! Stop crying!
Hang on, I'll be right there!
Bro, we should start the meeting for tomorrow.
Everyone's waiting for us.
Oh, right.
Then we should meet and strategize, too.
A'ight.
Yukihira, above all, focus on turning a profit!
Yeah! Don't get Megumi expelled!
Yup, I'll give it my best shot!
I have to say, you're just
Bro, let's go.
Hey, wait, Isami!
Hey, Yukihira!
Don't forget that I am your rival!
Tadokoro, guess we should prep for tomorrow, too.
Yup!
Kitchen No.2
Hup!
Huh?
I thought there'd be more leftover filling.
Maybe we used it all up earlier at dinner?
Oh.
Um, Soma-k...
Oh, thanks.
Okay, here.
I'm counting on you.
Soma-kun, what was that about just now?
Oh, Tadokoro!
I need to pick your brains about the rest of the festival.
Have time?
Huh?
O-Okay.
An Evening of Taro Stew With Isshiki Satoshi
All right, everyone!
It's day two of the Moon Festival!
I added a new direction to our booth!
Let's increase customer satisfaction and further enjoy student life!
Yeah!
An Evening of Taro Stew With Isshiki Satoshi
Sexy Sideburns
Daigo-chan!
His Gaze Cuts Like a Knife
Shoji-nyan!
Mysterious Charming
Shun-sama!
Intelligence Is the True Measure of a Man
Zenji!
Taro Stew Booth Manager
Isshiki-kun!
The Staff of Your Choice Will Serve You
I-It feels like a host club for some reason.
But he sure knows his customers.
We might make it into the top five today.
Four orders of ultra-premium donburi, stat!
If you want something lighter,
how about a calzone?
We don't have any naan!
I let you handle the naan because you said you'd take care of it, Nakiri!
And I did, see?
Here's candy that crystallizes everything naan represents!
How would curry go with that?!
It sure does taste like naan.
Dried Fish Store of Darkness Kusaya Buy Take-Home Gifts Here
I love this stench!
Give me five!
Gimme two!
My Dried Fish Store of Darkness is really popular today, too.
I'm kind of concerned that my customer base seems skewed, but...
Sadatsuka was serious about doing that in the Main Avenue area?
Dried Fish Store of Darkness Kusaya Buy Take-Home Gifts Here
There'll be complaints about the smell.
Entrancing Gourmet Insect Dishes Entomophagy RS
Hey, this isn't bad!
It feels like a sweeter version of soft roe.
That's right!
Asian giant hornet larvae taste good, don't they?
Thanks for the taste!
Okay, next up...
Oh, this line must be for Kuga's booth!
Kuga Restaurant
There's a never-ending line that's even longer than yesterday's!
I'm getting such steady business! It's hard being so business savvy!
Well, guess I can come by later.
Oh, there it is.
Yukihira Soma's little stall.
Piping hot black pepper buns, anyone?
Black pepper buns, huh.
Looks good.
Hm?
They're eating something with chopsticks?
Here it comes!
The Central Area's top seller on day two of the festival is...
Chinese Cuisine RS's Kuga Restaurant!
They were by far the top earner today, too!
Well, no surprise there.
But I'm starting to feel a bit sorry for Yukihira-chin.
He was dead last in fortieth place yesterday.
34th Dairy Product RS 35th Yukihira Soma 36th Wild Vegetables RS
Thirty-fifth place?
Oh, guess he tried some on the second day.
Oh, he's not here.
Hey, hey, hey.
Did any of you get a look at Yukihira-chin's booth today?
Come to think of it, I think he had more customers than yesterday.
There was another item on the menu. It looked like a noodle dish.
Hm.
Everything sold out today, too.
Food that speaks to people who love smelly cuisine does well.
That's...
Sir!
Would you like a black pepper bun before you go?
It'll be on us.
Oh, you don't want tickets for that?
Nope!
Go ahead!
Juicy and spicy!
This is great!
It's so juicy!
If it's free, may I have one, too?
Yes, of course!
You're baking them in a stone oven?
It's great.
May I have one, too?
Yeah, juicy!
Piping hot!
What's going on here?
Sadatsuka-san?!
Calamari with peanut sauce?! Disgusting!
Your kusaya is super smelly too, Sadatsuka.
Smelly, but addictive, right?
They make quite a pair.
Kiviak and surstromming are two of the smelliest and tastiest dishes in the world.
My ambition is to create something that's even more grotesque and delicious!
You get it, huh!
Taste-test my next ultra-disgusting masterpiece next time!
Very well.
I'll let you taste my grotesque and delicious creations as well.
I feel like these two never should have met.
Oh, I was testing new dishes last night
by carting this stall around, too.
Other booths hand out samples on the street.
There shouldn't be any problems
with me taking my stall around to hand out samples, right?
You're a clever one.
This'll let me see how customers are reacting to my dishes, too.
And I kind of wanted a change of pace.
I think I can glimpse something I can't
when I'm right next to the Chinese Cuisine RS.
Would you like one?
Black pepper buns, huh.
Hmm, that feels kind of heavy.
If you have something that'd just go right down without a hitch...
Oh, I have just the thing!
Please wait a moment!
Here we go!
Oh!
What's this? Hand-made noodles?
Ah, the student's making his own noodles!
Th-This is...
You're thinly slicing the dough for the black pepper buns into noodles?!
Thanks for waiting!
Ah...
I can smell the shrimp stock and garlic!
Delicious!
Though light, it has deep flavor!
I've been eating the whole day, but this just goes straight down!
It's a great way to end the day!
The topping is the ground pork filling for the black pepper buns?
That's right!
I just put the dish together yesterday while listening to what customers wanted.
Thanks to this noodle dish,
our sales did much better on the second day.
I wouldn't have expected you to make the dough into noodles...
and you improvised on the fly.
Well, to be honest,
there's a very similar noodle dish in Taiwan.
Danzi noodles!
That's right!
They're wheat noodles in a light broth made from shrimp shells and bonito flakes,
topped with ground pork and sliced scallions.
They're served in very small bowls that are almost like tea cups.
There's a phrase in Taiwan that means eating well without getting tired of it.
That's why the portion size is manageable.
If I had to name this dish,
it'd be Yukihira-Style Sorta-Danzi Noodles!
Yukihira-Style Sorta-Danzi Noodles
A lot of customers came by!
Though I guess it was all free,
so maybe it's not worth celebrating.
I guess so.
But this was how it felt when Dad went around with black pepper buns
at the summer festival.
How it felt?
At first, we had a handful of people who were curious about the stone oven.
Diner Yukihira Taiwanese Black Pepper Buns
Then the reactions of customers who tried our buns drew more people.
Eventually, we had a steady crowd around our stall.
That's what I was hoping for,
Kuga Restaurant
but given how we have that really showy Chinese Cuisine RS right in front of us,
of course it wouldn't go the same way.
The stone oven isn't enough of an attraction.
Oh, and I guess black pepper buns are fun to watch when they're being baked,
but unless you see someone eating them,
it might be hard to imagine how they'd actually taste.
You're right.
Kuga-senpai's Sichuan cuisine, on the other hand...
It's pretty easy to imagine how it tastes when you first look at it.
The Moon Festival is different from a Shokugeki,
where it's guaranteed that the judges will eat your food.
Should we think up new menu items with flavors our customers can imagine more easily?
Or something with great enough impact
that it'd drew customers away from the spiciness of the Chinese Cuisine RS's food.
If I could serve a dish like that,
maybe we can find a way to get through this.
I had an inspiration!
We'll put the beef for the main dish
in a sous vide bath for two hours.
Then we'll process each vegetable in a steam convection oven
to reach its optimal cooking temperature.
We'll use the spice mixes Hayama-kun concocted to season everything
And how much are we going to charge for this?
Um, to turn a profit...
20,000 yen
About 20,000 yen.
We can't sell that!
We're in the Main Avenue area!
We won't know for sure until we try!
Vetoed!
I can just see our losses snowball!
But it'd make such a good story!
Pouting won't change anything.
This is the Moon Festival.
If you just want to make whatever without considering the customers at all,
just quit already!
Hey, Hayama.
What?
Try to... be more positive about the miss when you talk.
Get her in a good mood.
You don't have to believe what you're saying.
This is all because of how you've been spoiling her.
You should feel more responsible
I withdraw my proposal.
It's just like you said, Hayama-kun.
Let's go back to square one and create a dish that would please customers
coming to the Moon Festival.
What to do...
A dish that'd trump Chinese Cuisine RS
in terms of impact and visual appeal?
In addition to their signature mapo tofu,
Chinese Cuisine RS has a pretty intimidating line-up.
Mapo tofu, huh.
Hey, Tadokoro.
What'd you think of Yukihira's mapo tofu?
Huh?
I thought it was delicious.
But if memory serves, Nakiri-san thought...
Your dish lacks both ma and la by a significant margin.
Yeah, she said I could never win.
But the reason why Yukihira's mapo tofu isn't that spicy
is because Dad wanted flavors that all the diner's regulars would enjoy.
Kuga-senpai may go above and beyond in terms of strong flavors, but...
That's not to say Dad's cooking is inferior.
Y-Yeah...
If I can build on that mapo tofu and add some ideas of my own,
I think we'll find a way to break through our current stalemate.
Like what, though?
Sorry, Tadokoro.
You might end up losing sleep from here on out.
What?
There's something I want to try.
Yukihira's new mapo tofu
will strike at the heart of Kuga-senpai's operation!
Man, I'm hungry.
Sumire Avenue
Me, too.
Hey, want to get a Sumire Mark Karaage Roll?
Oh, good idea!
Let's go!
Yeah!
Huh?
The lights are on at Yukihira Diner.
You're right!
Is Yukihira back?
Yukihira-kun's back?
Diner Yukihira
Y-Yukihira-kun?
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode: A Pride of Young Lions
I hope you savor the next episode!
