That took longer than expected.
I-I'm very sorry.
You're a weak-willed, inept brat whose only saving grace is swordsmanship,
but I can turn you into a Rank 1 student who'll go down in Seidoukan history.
Only my foolproof planning can make that possible.
Yes, Uncle, I understand...
Don't you ever forget that!
That is, if you want your dreams to come true!
Yes, I understand.
I understand, Uncle.
The True Face of the Girl
Uh... So you are mad at me after all?
After all, did you say? So something does ring a bell, eh?
Well, dueling that kid without your approval, maybe?
About that, it doesn't really matter.
Even if he is her uncle, he shouldn't be allowed to use another person as a tool.
Julis...
In fact, if you'd turned a blind eye to what that man Kouichiro was doing,
I would've been disappointed in you.
If I'd seen what you saw, I would've done the same thing.
Thanks. That really makes me happy.
It's not anything you need to thank me for!
All I meant was... Uh...
Anyway! That's not what I'm angry about!
Well, then...
It's because you lost.
But hey...
You don't have to tell me!
This is just me being irrational and selfish.
Still, even so...
I thought that if anyone had a chance, it would be you!
But in this case, I guess we should probably give Kirin Toudou props.
After all, look how powerful she is at just thirteen!
Th-Thirteen?
She sure doesn't look her age...
You certainly seem to have a keen interest in her.
Oh, never mind.
At Seidoukan, there are three people that I simply can't defeat at my current level...
You and Claudia...
Not Claudia, either?
She may not look it, but she is Rank 2 at our school.
She is, huh?
Her alias is the Master of a Thousand Eyes.
She wields the Ogre Lux, Pan-Dora, which has the ability to see the future.
See the future? You mean precognition?
Rumor has it that she can see up to tens of seconds into the future.
Claudia remains undefeated since she started here.
In that regard alone, Kirin Toudou is no different,
but there's one definitive thing that sets her apart.
It's the fact that Toudou is neither an Ogre Lux wielder nor a Strega.
Even if it's only been for three months,
to have successfully defended her No. 1 ranking with only a Japanese sword is extraordinary.
Still, we're going to have to rethink our battle strategy for the Phoenix Festa.
Now that your abilities are no longer a secret, we'll have to scrap our current game plan.
Sorry.
But only after you acquire a new school emblem.
Uh, what's this place?
Surprised, much?
This is the student council's resting room, you know.
Uh, I was told to get my new school emblem here...
Yes, so I've been told.
You came to get this, right?
Thanks!
By the way, Claudia. Where exactly did you take this out from?
That's my secret.
Still, I have to say I never thought that you'd duel Ms. Toudou.
Well, one thing led to another, you know.
With Mr. Kouichiro Toudou, you mean?
You know him?
Yes, since he's quite a troublemaker.
He's an employee of Seidoukan Academy's parent company,
GALAXY ORGANIZATIONAL CHART INTEGRATED ENTERPRISE FOUNDATION SEIDOUKAN ACADEMY
Galaxy, of the Integrated Enterprise Foundation.
As he's basically in charge of scouting operations for our school, he wields considerable clout.
You mean he's one of the top brass?
I suppose executive candidate would be accurate?
Of course, Mr. Toudou seems more than eager to claim a spot on the executive board.
Towards that end, he appears to be wringing everything he can out of his own niece.
So just as I thought, she's being forced to duel by that guy?
I don't know about that.
She does seem to have her own agenda.
However, securing an executive position won't be easy for Mr. Toudou.
If you have an irrational sense of self-interest,
you'll never advance at the Integrated Enterprise Foundation.
Only those who have undergone numerous levels of the psychological adjustment program,
and had their personal desires completely eradicated are suited for the position.
You seem to know a lot about it.
Yes, because my mother is one of them.
So Ayato, what are you planning to do about Ms. Toudou?
Kirin Toudou?
Yo, Amagiri, someone's here to see you!
Amagiri!
Drawing room in use
Um, what can I do for you?
Um, thank you very much!
Huh? Uh...
Amagiri, even though I was a stranger to you,
you protected me from my uncle!
And, uh, although things ended up the way they did...
it really made me happy!
Don't mention it. As it turned out, I wasn't able to help you, anyway.
That's not true...
Hard to believe she's so incredibly powerful.
Amagiri.
You sure are zealous about gathering info, Yabuki.
Guess so!
Ms. Toudou, you're not nervous, are you?
Huh? Oh, yes!
I'm so sorry! I've never walked this way with a man who wasn't a relative.
Dad was my father was so strict, you see.
I see. I hear that Toudou-style training is strict, too.
You know about my family's swordsmanship style?
Well, sure. I'm not a budding swordsman for nothing.
Of course I've heard of the Toudou-style and its Like folding a crane philosophy.
Amagiri, yours is one of the ancient styles, isn't it?
I'm impressed you know that.
Because I noticed that you'd sometimes drop down in your stance during our duel the other day.
Whenever you made a move from a defensive position, you'd slide your feet,
and the point of your sword was held quite high when you aimed for my eyes.
This is also characteristic of the ancient styles.
If only I'd gotten to cross swords with you, I could've learned more.
I'm sorry. I couldn't help myself.
You're really into kenjutsu, huh, Ms. Toudou?
Yes!
Because I have no other talent besides kenjutsu.
That can't be true...
No, it is true.
I'm a klutz, and a coward.
But even so, as long as I'm holding a sword I can be useful to someone else.
That's why I enjoy it, and I really love it.
Is that right?
I can't afford to lose, either.
Listen, Ms. Toudou...
Yes?
What are you fighting for?
To save my father, that's why.
Is that why you're doing as your uncle tells you?
My uncle has shown me the most appropriate and quickest path to achieve my dream.
I am very grateful to him.
Even if you're being used to further his career?
I'm being shown how to realize my dream,
and he's going to be compensated for that.
Therefore, this is a fair transaction.
It sure didn't seem that way to me.
My uncle does hate the Genestella.
Excuse me...
Would you mind if I asked you something, too?
What is it?
What kind of training do you normally do, Amagiri?
Since I came to this school, I've been training on my own,
but I do have misgivings...
And besides, I can't do any sparring by myself.
Then how about joining our training sessions?
Are you sure you wouldn't mind?
Well, I should ask Julis about it,
but I bet she'll be okay with it.
I'm sorry...
I've been told not to be careless about tipping my hand...
and to keep my distance, especially with those ranked as Page Ones.
Gotcha. Then will you join me during my early-morning training sessions?
Your sessions, Amagirii?
Training with me shouldn't be a problem, right?
Y-You mean j-j-just the t-t-two of us, Amagiri?
Right. So you don't have to worry.
Huh? Is something wrong?
Oh, no...
Um...
Then I think I'll take you up on your offer!
Saya?
Jeez, don't give me a heart attack!
Who was that just now?
Saya! I can't breathe!
Never mind, tell me! Who was that just now?
I can't answer you like this!
Sorry. I had something on my mind, and didn't realize how hard I was squeezing.
Oh, well, I guess it's all right...
What are you doing here, anyway, Saya?
I was looking for you.
Me?
About being my tag partner. I want to hear your answer.
Sorry, but I'm teaming up with Julis this time.
I can't back down from that.
I see. Gotcha.
By the way, who was that just now?
That was Ms. Toudou from the junior high.
The Rank 1 girl you were dueling with yesterday.
That's right.
Meaning that...
she's a first year in junior high with that body.
The world abounds with injustice.
Hey, come on. Even so, she does resemble you in some ways, Saya.
Like how?
Well, apparently she came here to help out her dad.
Not that I've heard the details yet...
Father...
Ayato!
There's something I want to ask you.
Hey. Are you having lunch now?
Want to sit with me?
Really? Well, if you insist, I suppose I wouldn't be averse...
Wait, that's not it! What I wanted to hear about was Kirin Toudou and...
Spicy Curry Special
Are you sure? It really looks insanely hot!
Didn't I say it wasn't a big deal?
Anyway, let's talk about you and Kirin Toudou!
There's not much to talk about.
We've only been training together in the morning lately...
Hey, by any chance, are you still worried that I might give away my skills?
No, that's not what I'm thinking.
Oh, never mind. As long as you're acting like that, it shouldn't be a problem.
By the way, you haven't touched your curry at all.
If it's too much for you to handle, it's not too late to order something else.
Idiot! As if I could be so wasteful!
H-Hey! You really shouldn't force yourself.
I'm fine! This is nothing!
Then listen, how about if I trade you mine?
Wh-What?
This is pretty hot, too, but I'm sure it's not as bad as that one.
Oh, right, I guess you don't want something I've already eaten from.
N-No! That's not the problem!
That doesn't really bother me at all. It's just that...
N-No. But it is my responsibility to consume what I've ordered.
I can't very well hand it off to you.
But hey, we need to be able to talk about even trivial stuff like this,
or we won't work out as tag partners, am I right?
Well, that's...
Then, will you give me yours for this one?
Ayato?
Oh, sure! Of course!
Thank you!
Get up, Ernesta. They're on the move.
Nope, not sleeping - not sleeping.
I was just in deep thought with my eyes closed, okay?
Uh-huh. Then why don't you tell me the reason why I came here?
The Tenorio guys are on the move, right?
Good thing we stirred them up, huh?
They've already gotten started.
You'll miss them if you dawdle too long.
Right, right, copy that!
There's somebody else besides the swordsman kid?
Listen and be astounded. That's Seidoukan's Rank 1.
And you're going to unleash this even with that knowledge?
Look how pumped up you are!
So? Just how successful was your fishing expedition?
You didn't manage to draw out the Magnum Opus, did you?
As if I'd have any luck with that one.
I don't blame them for being cautious.
Well, who cares?
If they fail, it looks like we'll be able to suppress the Tenorios for the foreseeable future!
But really, you do love to gamble.
You take too many risks.
It's more fun that way, so it can't be helped!
It's pretty foggy today, huh?
Yes, it is...
Oh, but I hear that it can be even worse in the winter.
We might lose each other during this run.
Maybe we should hold hands!
All right, then...
M-My bad. I was just, uh, kidding about that...
O-Oh, I-I'm so sorry!
Under construction?
Amagiri...
It's not just one, right?
No... But there's something strange about this.
Rather than human,
it feels more like...
They're kind of cute, aren't they?
Amagiri, are you all right?
What are these?
Amagiri Shinmei-style, First Sword -
Four Wasps!
Don't tell me they're immortal or something...
Looks like it's not going to do much good to slash and thrust.
Would you mind if I tried something?
I'm sorry.
It's over!
Just as I thought, there's some kind of core.
Good for you for figuring that out.
Because its Prana flow seemed off to me.
I've always been sensitive about that sort of thing.
I think I've glimpsed one aspect of your power, Toudou.
Synthetic. Meaning that his is Allekant's work?
Hey, hold up, for crying out loud!
Amagiri!
Are you all right, Amagiri?
Yeah, you saved my life...
I'm going to pull you up now!
Oh, Ayato! So you do prefer large ones, after all?
Still, it never crossed my mind.
That Ms. Toudou would have such a vulnerability!
Episode 7 - Decisions and Duels
Perhaps I'll invite her to come over sometime!
