Oh, my!
Sasamiya's Waldenholt landed a direct hit on RM-C!
Looks like she used her Lux as a shield and blocked it.
Her body is unscathed!
The Tyrant's Puppet Strings
I see...
No wonder Lady Camilla had her eye on you...
Saya Sasamiya.
Your attacks are based on airtight projections.
But that makes them all the more easy to counter.
I can feel this humiliation
because my master gave me a personality and a soul.
I have etched those words in my mind.
I shall take you on at full strength, as well.
Now, then, let's go.
This is trouble.
Burst.
Here.
Aha! Are we seeing RM-C's secret weapon?
Even that shallow good-for-nothing
has been given an absolute shield, a protective barrier.
So it's no wonder that my master would endow me with much the same, right?
This Ruin-Sharif is, so to speak, the absolute spear, I suppose?
Okay, then, let's compare!
Ruin-Sharif...
41-type Lux, Twin Particle Cannons, Waldenholt!
- Fire! - Kaboom!
Did they annihilate each other?
Not bad.
You took the words right out of my mouth.
Your swordsmanship gifts are certainly terrifying, Kirin Toudou!
AR-D is totally on the defensive!
Of course, the Toudou Style Conjoined Cranes!
There really are no chinks in that armor!
Surely you're aware of this, too?
The more I withstand the blows from your sword, the more I learn and evolve!
You're the greatest fighter!
So it won't work on you if you've seen the pattern before?
But a battle as one-sided as this one can be rather boring!
Thank you!
Go for it!
Bring it on!
You're pretty reckless, aren't you?
Unfortunately, my body is a machine!
You seem to have forgotten that!
I see I'm still in need of a lot more training.
Now, I should thank you for the useful data you've given me.
All right, RM-C!
Now's the time to unveil it!
Not happening. You feeble-brained moron!
Why should we have to resort to that now?
At any rate, that is my decision to make, not yours.
You have no such authority.
Now what did AR-D mean by it, I wonder?
Meanwhile, about Sasamiya...
She's hardly launched any attacks in the last few minutes, has she?
Looks like it's taking time to cool off that barrel.
The Ruin-Sharif's rapid-fire mode is about three times as fast as the Waldenholt's.
But my destructive power is greater.
The Luxes my father built aren't in any way inferior to those of Camilla Pareto's.
And I'm going to prove it right now!
Is that a secret technique?
I have to say, I find it quite ridiculous.
But fine. Let's test each other's mettle again.
Ruin-Sharif... maximum.
Full burst.
- Fire! - Kaboom!
A bit too close for comfort, eh, RM-C?
So you can throw up that protective barrier
in other areas besides your own surroundings?
I-I'm so sorry, Saya!
I couldn't hold him back!
No, no. You did great, Kirin.
Never mind...
Now we have the upper hand.
Are you sure about that?
AR-D...
This is not what I want, but I'm going to do just as you wish.
Now you're talking!
ACM Unit, First External Armor, purging all Luxes...
Ceding Limit Control.
There they are, there they are, there they are! Oh, yes, they're here!
Start linking!
Now I'm complete!
Th-They combined?
This is who I truly am!
Oh, my!
I never thought they'd have to resort to that.
Talk about throwing me for a loop!
For a loop, you seem to be enjoying it.
Well, they have been growing up at such breakneck speed!
This is beyond incredible!
What do you say to that?
Seeing me look even more imposing and commanding!
You look way cool.
Now then,
if you're not going to attack me, I'll be happy to get this started!
Saya!
My bad, Kirin. I owe you one.
Oh, no. Anyway, that move he just made...
He's not what he was before!
The swordsmanship is the same, but...
his speed and power are on a whole different level.
I think RM-C might've shared some of her own Manadite with that big lunk.
If that's the case, then he must have some kind of defect.
If there wasn't any problem, they could've just left him the way he was until now.
I see.
Could it be a time limit or too much of a burden on him?
Either way, we don't have enough information.
COOLING DOWN
Not to mention, he still needs an interval.
Can you buy me some time?
I'll try!
Looks like your strategy meeting is over.
That was masterful. However...
I'm not done yet!
Kirin!
I'm fine! Never mind me...
You two are powerful enemies that have earned my respect.
Therefore, I shall destroy you with every ounce of my power!
Okay, we just might be screwed.
Can you move?
Yes.
I'm all right.
Kirin, get behind me.
B-But if I do that...
It's all right.
It's so slow to respond.
Volnir Hammer...
Fire!
Full burst!
I never thought you could withstand that.
Kirin, can you make it?
Of course I can!
I can't give up now!
39-type Lux Ray Gun, Wolfdora...
I'm counting on you to back me up, all right?
How curious...
As I was before this match started,
I would've concluded that your actions were futile.
But as I am now, I am actually in awe of you.
Saya! Kirin!
Looks like they did quite a number on you.
If only our school badges hadn't been smashed,
we still had a lot left in the tank.
We're sorry you had to see us at our most pitiful.
PHOENIX FESTA SEMIFINALS SAYA SASAMIYA AND KIRIN TOUDOU DEFEATED
We don't see it like that at all.
Well, we're going to avenge you in the final,
so you can rest easy.
Right, Ayato?
I'd like nothing more than to do that, but...
If you can utter such drivel after watching our match,
you're either stupid or you actually think you have a chance...
All right, then, I'm stupid.
My original goal was to achieve a grand slam, you know?
Who would spin such a fantasy unless she were stupid?
You got me.
Right?
I'm counting on you.
Sure, I've got this!
That must be Flora.
Please excuse me.
C-Come in...
Sasamiya, Toudou...
Today's outcome was very unfortunate.
That said, reaching the semifinals is an achievement you can be proud of.
Thanks to you, Seidoukan's future looks much brighter.
Oh, no, it wasn't anything.
I only did it for myself.
Flora sure is late, huh?
Yes.
We agreed that she'd join us here after the match.
It's me.
What did you say?
Hang on a second.
It's from Dirk Eberwein.
Oh, yeah? Sure! Put him on.
Are you Ernesta Kuhne?
It's a pleasure to meet you, Tyrant!
So what would you want with me?
I thought you people were getting on well with the Magnum Opus?
All I did was agree to mutual non-interference with that crazy woman.
Well, of course you did!
After all, she'd never forgive you for abducting the Lonely Strega, Erenshkigal,
right from under her!
Who cares about any of that?
This is what I wanted to discuss...
Join forces with us.
How ludicrous is that?
Wouldn't you say that's a bit rude?
Shouldn't you be asking this after we've gotten to know each other?
There's no need for that.
As long as you help me out,
you will get the appropriate profits. That's all.
Profits?
I have a souvenir for you take home.
You can decide after seeing it.
It's from Flora!
Seriously, what's going on with that girl?
You're Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld, I take it?
Who the hell are you?!
I have the owner of this terminal in my custody.
Is Ayato Amagiri there?
Yeah, that would be me.
Is Flora safe?
Your Highness! Mr. Amagiri!
Flora!
I only knocked her unconscious.
If you meet my demands, I'll let her go right away.
What do you want?!
Apply for an emergency freeze on the Ser=Versta.
Remember, if you turn to the police or special ops organizations,
or if you withdraw from the Festa, I can't guarantee her safety. That's all.
Hey, wait!
Flora...
Claudia, what did he mean when he demanded an emergency freeze?
When its user senses danger, he can have his Ogre Lux forcefully sealed.
Of course, it is possible to disable such a seal...
But in that event, Ayato, you'd never be able to wield the Ser=Versta again.
But then...
It just means that if I were to do that even once, it would never forgive me.
So how exactly do I go about putting in this request?
Are you really sure about this?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, Ayato.
But that doesn't mean that he'll really let Flora go for sure.
But unless we do this...
We'll go rescue Flora ourselves.
That way, there won't be any issues.
I see.
If we can feign having accepted his demands
and rescue Flora in the meantime...
I just had an idea.
I want to put Flora's safety above all else.
Meaning you're willing to give up what you want yourself?
I don't care.
There's no point in protecting something dear to you
if you're going to end up sacrificing it!
Sorry.
I was only thinking of my own interests when I said that.
Don't give it another thought.
I'm thinking the same thing.
Ayato...
Really, now... Julis, your fear of loss is excessive.
I can't help it!
Going through all that once is more than enough.
You're going to rescue Flora and win the Festa.
Please show at least that much spirit.
I'm advising you not as the student council president,
but as a friend.
Claudia...
Very well.
Letting everything go the abductor's way makes me mad!
Let's go with Claudia's plan!
All right, then we'll go on ahead.
- Right. - Hold on a second!
Sasamiya... listen...
Julis...
It's only natural to help when a friend's in a jam.
Don't worry about it.
Yes, I feel the same way!
Right... You're right.
Saya, Kirin...
I'm counting on you!
Yeah. We got this.
Ayato, I want you to apply for the emergency freeze,
just as the perpetrator demanded.
I'll use my connections to delay the actual process.
Since it's an internal Seidoukan procedure,
APPLICATION FOR THE EMERGENCY FREEZE
it won't be easily leaked.
Most likely, the perpetrator forbade you to withdraw from the Festa
so that he could confirm whether or not you'd met his demands.
So until we can confirm Flora's safety,
please keep the Ser=Versta hidden and use another Lux.
Since the perpetrator's targets are Ayato and the Ser=Versta,
the mastermind is almost certainly Dirk Eberwein.
In that case, Rewolf's intelligence and espionage organization,
Grimalkin, will be doing the actual work.
We can narrow down the search to their territory, the Redevelopment District.
However, I can only hold them off
until tomorrow's closing ceremony at 3 p.m.
Sasamiya, Toudou, please rescue Flora by then.
If I can catch him off-guard and escape,
or at least find a way to contact the princess...
This power... is he a Dante?
You sit still.
I guess I have no choice but to do as he says.
At least for now...
Not yet! I can't let this end just yet...
- Not yet... - All right!
I see there was another shooting star.
In this battle to determine the true heroine...
Episode 18 Scrambling
I wonder how long this cycle of sorrow will continue?
Oh! I sense menace!
