KING OF THE HILL FINAL BATTLE
This is a king of the hill final battle!
Matoi! Battle the Elite Four and emerge victorious!
Do so, and I shall tell you the details of your father's death.
Say what?!
Matoi! This is where I will face you in battle!
I am Lady Satsuki's impenetrable shield!
And this is where I am going to crush you!
I accept!
Life Fiber Synchronize, Kamui Senketsu!
KAMUI SENKETSU
KING OF THE HILL FINAL BATTLE
What's this? You talk like you're going to be the first to fight.
I'll be the first to fight Matoi.
Fine by me! I'll take you all on!
You really are a fool.
Say what?!
We said one-on-one, didn't we?
Each of us wants to defeat your Kamui with his own power.
Who will fight when has already been decided.
Haven't you Elite Four noticed that the pillars
you stand on are of different heights?
The more students you have defeated, the higher your pillar.
Gamagoori defeated the fewest, so he is first.
Then Inumuta will fight, followed by Jakuzure, and then Sanageyama.
Damn, I beat too many of the cannon fodder?
That efficient fighting style of yours proved effective, I suppose.
Well, well. The one who suggested this is at the top of the lineup, huh?
It's sweet that you're so considerate of your fellow students, Gama.
All I did was defend myself when attacked.
Still, I suppose this means that you three won't get a chance at her!
What's the holdup?! Get to it, already!
What are you in such a hurry for? The battle begins at 1pm!
What difference does the time make? Let's get it over with!
No, we will abide by the schedule. That is what discipline is about!
That is what the rules are about!
EPISODE 9 A ONCE IN A LIFETIME CHANCE
The Honnouji Academy King of the
Hill Final Battle will be held starting at 1pm today
It will be a bloody clash between
the Honnouji Academy Student Council Elite Four
and Second Year Class K's Ryuko Matoi.
Special live coverage will be brought to you on Honnouji Television!
Grandmas, grandpas, fathers, mothers,
and all good little children, let's all watch it together!
What?! Ryuko's gonna fight them?!
We can't just sit here!
Mataro, go steal us a TV set from somewhere!
No prob! I got us one a long time ago for just such an occasion!
Attaboy, Mataro!
It's not showing anything.
Huh?
You tried hitting it?
- Better open it up... - Got it.
- Then poke around inside... - Poke around...
What's in here?
Nothing, looks like.
There's no parts inside!
No other choice, then! Let's go to the electronics store!
Aye-aye, sir!
I'm coming, too!
No more TV stealing for me!
Here, Ryuko! Have some tea!
Yeah!
Eating Mom's boxed lunches gives you 1 million horsepower!
You'll win for sure!
What a pickle this is, Matoi...
Mr. Mikisugi!
Did you come to cheer Ryuko on, too?
Yes, that's right.
After all, I'm her homeroom teacher, more or less.
You bastard! What did you do to Mako?!
A freezing pressure point.
I've knocked her out for a bit, that's all, so don't worry.
So what the hell do you want?
Drop out of the fight against the Elite Four.
Say what?!
They're on an entirely different level from the club presidents you've faced.
If you're crazy enough to face four of them in a row,
I don't know what will happen to you and Senketsu.
If you don't know, keep your opinions to yourself.
Ryuko...
Or are you going to tell me everything?
Stuff like why my father was killed.
Then shut your mouth and watch from the sidelines.
Me and Senketsu will beat Satsuki Kiryuin.
And then I'll wring the truth out of her.
With my own two hands.
Hurry up and snap Mako out of it.
Talking to her makes me feel a whole
lot better than talking to you.
I'll be cheering for her all the way!
Because she's my friend!
Yes, of course! Don't push yourself too hard, okay?
I'd rather not get on the Student Council's bad side because of you.
Is something the matter?
Nope! Your mom's lunches are delicious!
Seriously, they're great.
Begin!
FIRST BATTLE
BEGIN FIGHTING
His Goku Uniform has a double transformation.
He's a tough customer.
You listening, Senketsu?
Oh. Yes.
What's wrong?
Nothing. I was just thinking.
You have an idea?
Possibly.
He's a formidable enemy. Keep your mind on the fight.
I know. I will.
Let's do it!
Consider that your final transformation, Matoi!
Three-Star Goku Uniform: Shackle Regalia!
THREE-STAR GOKU UNIFORM SHACKLE REGALIA
Hey.
What?
Do you want to fight or not?!
Of course!
Then why aren't you attacking me?!
I'll throw what your buddy said this morning back in your face.
You really are a fool, aren't ya?
What did you say?
I know that your Goku Uniform absorbs the power
of any attacks against you and turns it back on the attacker!
You know I can't just attack you!
I see. So you really are a fool.
Come again?
Do you think that I hadn't anticipated something so obvious?
What the?
Even if no one disciplines me, I discipline myself!
I use my own techniques to punish myself!
I punish and punish and punish myself, and bring myself to a climax!
This is my Higi Jijo-Jibaku!
HIGI JIJO-JIBAKU
No way?!
Now, let me show you!
THREE-STAR GOKU UNIFORM SCOURGE REGALIA
Three-Star Goku Uniform: Scourge Regalia!
What are you waiting for?
If you fall out of the battle area, you lose right then and there!
Nobody said that was a rule!
That's why I saying so now! Are we clear, Matoi?
Crystal clear!
Thank you ever so much!
You acknowledge that a contest of endurance against me is futile?
All right, what's your next move?
In that case... I'll just adopt standard tactics!
Finishing move: Sen-i-Soshitsu!
SEN-I-SOSHITSU (FIBER LOST)
Huh?
His uniform has no Life Fibers on its surface.
There is nothing for me to absorb!
No way!
Surprised? My Shackle Regalia's surface is cloth armor,
reinforced by means of special powers.
To absorb its Life Fibers, you will have to pierce this cloth armor
and thrust your blade into the uniform proper!
I'll just have to cut all the way to the inside, then!
Is that wise?
If you attack me, I become that much stronger!
Scourge Regalia!
Ryuko!
STARDUST ELECTRONICS
Look out!
This is bad!
That's the Elite Four for you! He has Ryuko on the ropes!
Don't you worry. She ate the lunch I made for her.
So she can't possibly lose!
Impressive. That Kamui is feeding me power greater
than any other Goku Uniform!
Blame your own power that I can keep fighting
with my Scourge Regalia for so long.
Oh, dear. What's the matter, transfer student?
You're more of a pushover than I was expecting.
The Disciplinary Committee
Chair's forehead is more wrinkled than usual.
Because to him, this is a fight in the presence of his empress.
No wonder he's giving it his all.
Matoi. The resolve of this man, Gamagoori, is nothing to sneeze at.
FIVE YEARS AGO
RINNE-DO JUNIOR HIGH 63RD GRADUATION CEREMONY
To think that the serious and sincere former student
council president would skip his own graduation ceremony...
If you intend to rule this school with force,
then I will stop you at all costs!
That is the final task I must carry out at this school!
Steel armor over your entire body, eh?
My relatives run an ironworks, so I had them make it for me.
Your attacks won't work on me!
Be that as it may, you cannot defeat me.
I never thought I could.
My strength isn't enough to defeat you.
If you know that, then why do you oppose me?
I can't defeat you, but I won't lose to you, either!
What did you say?
You can't make me kneel before you.
If you intend to use force to conquer this school,
I'll take all of it on myself!
I'll show you that there are those who will never yield to force.
That is my resolve!
Easily said, somewhat more difficult to do.
If your words are hollow, expect no mercy!
I won't kneel before you... Never!
I'll never kneel before you!
Gamagoori. I have seen the full measure of your resolve.
Come with me. And become my shield.
What are you thinking?
People are pigs in human clothing.
I will fight against everything this world stands for
and completely remake it.
As the first step to that end, I will create
a new high school in two years' time.
A high school that will be my army.
Join me there, and you will be able to acquire new strength.
Very well. I will wait two years.
I told you! I am Lady Satsuki's ultimate shield!
I will crush you here and now!
Like hell you will!
I'm not about to lose to you!
What are you even fighting for?
Out of rage for your father's murder?
You're petty! Petty! Petty!
If you challenge her out of a personal vendetta,
a great being like Satsuki Kiryuin won't be budged!
What?!
And not just her!
You'll never be able to defeat me, either!
Oh, gosh!
Are you all right, Ryuko?
Yeah, I'm in rough shape, though...
But I can't drop out, not now.
So, not only are you a fool, you're a sore loser.
What's bad around here is your luck.
The bad luck of getting stuck fighting me!
Don't do that!
You can't just wail on him without a plan like that!
He'll hit you with another counterattack!
Is it out of desperation?
That's no good.
Has she finally lost all capacity for rational thought?
Struggle all you want, you don't have a chance of winning!
Learn your place as a student and quietly accept my discipline!
Scourge Regalia!
As if! If I lose to the likes of you, I'll never learn
who killed my dad no matter how long I try!
Go get him, Ryuko!
It still hasn't sunk through that skull of yours?
Disciplinary Committee Chair Ira Gamagoori!
By shackling myself and whipping myself mercilessly,
I tried to set an example for the students.
See my behavior and correct your own!
They would mend their ways of their own accord.
To impose order on the independence of Honnouji Academy's students!
The Shackle Regalia is the very embodiment of that desire!
And to those who still refuse to learn,
I held back my tears and gave them a taste of the cleansing whip!
That is the Scourge Regalia!
If you refuse the whip of love, then you leave me no choice!
Let me show you the true terror of the Shackle Regalia!
Ryuko Matoi, your independence is revoked!
I'm going to mold you into a proper student!
Where do you get off, anyway,
modifying your sailor uniform into that slutty outfit?!
How utterly depraved! How utterly deviant!
What about your precious Lady Satsuki, then?!
She is an exception!
Her form is made up of her iron will and well-trained body.
Don't give me that self-serving garbage!
Crap! I'm wrapped up!
Did I rattle you because I hit too close to home?
All right, Ryuko Matoi, I'm going to mold you into shape now!
This mold is of the ideal, proper female high school student.
A proper spirit starts with a proper shape.
Have a taste of this mold...
Struggle! Struggle!
She's like a human taiyaki!
I won't give up!
I'll keep at it and relentlessly try to straighten you out!
I will mold you! Mold you into a proper student!
Do you want to win, Ryuko?
You're asking me an obvious question like that now?!
If you do, I have an idea.
That thing you were thinking about earlier?
Yes. Will you let me handle this?
Got it!
Ah, she used the power of her transformation disengaging
to break free of the shackles.
But she doesn't have a hope of winning like that.
Oh, so my words finally got through to you?
I see that you have returned to a more proper appearance!
Who would listen to you, you big pervert?
In that case, taste the ultimate whip of love!
So, you're applying the idea that
Even the hunter spares the bird that flies to his bosom?
But I must warn you, I'm not that sentimental!
I'll strangle you right here!
Having trouble breathing?
But without your Scissor Blade, you have no way to fight back!
Uh-oh. Is it all over?
A shame, I wanted to gather more Kamui data.
No! What's this I'm sensing?
Gamagoori, that was foolish.
Life Fiber Synchronize...!
What?!
Senketsu Senjin!
SENKETSU SENJIN
She turned her Kamui into a blade?
You don't have enough energy
to transform into your Scourge Regalia!
Too late!
Your Life Fibers are totally exposed now!
Finishing Move: Sen-i-Soshitsu!
SEN-I-SOSHITSU (FIBER LOST)
I-Impossible!
Become obsessed with resolve, and even that will turn to arrogance.
A shame.
ROUND 1 VICTOR: RYUKO MATOI
You did it, Ryuko!
Just like you planned, Senketsu!
If a Goku Uniform can transform,
it is unthinkable that I cannot do the same.
That positive outlook of yours is what I love about you, Senketsu!
It's learned to alter its configuration based on battlefield conditions.
I'm impressed, Ryuko.
Still, I guess I can't simply be happy about it...
Disgraceful!
That was disgraceful, Ira Gamagoori!
Lady... Satsuki...
Wipe away your own tears.
It's too early to kneel in defeat.
That's one down, Kiryuin!
I suppose that means...
You are free to rest, Matoi!
Get real!
I gotta waste your chumps and then come after you!
Ryuko...
Okay, let's get to it.
So impatient...
Still, I hate to waste time, too.
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
To be skilled at searching out information is to be skilled at love.
Inputting opponent data! To be skilled at analysis is to be skilled at love!
DATA
ANALYSIS
Meticulously observe where one's feelings are headed!
METICULOUSLY
MAN VERSUS WOMAN
Man versus woman, who will win?!
Next time on Kill la Kill, I Want to Know More about You!
EPISODE 10 I WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT YOU
