All right, the contract is signed, Kosaki.
Starting today, you will become the Magical Patissiere Kosaki,
and help bring about peace for everyone in the world.
Understand?
Yes, I understand! Rurin!
Oh, wait, I forgot to tell you something.
During the few seconds that you're transforming into the Magical Patissiere, you'll be stark naked,
but you don't mind, do you?
Huh? What? What did you just say? Stark naked?
Now, then...
Come on! We're going to go save people in trouble!
What are you doing?
Well... I was just thinking, this is going to be an ordeal...
Huh?
Magical Patissiere Kosaki!!
Look, you, isn't it about time you stopped running into the bathroom every time you transform?
It's a waste of time.
But I can't just go naked in public!
Who cares, really? Not like it's detrimental.
Oh, yes it is! Very! To my mental health!
Then why don't you use this?
You can transform any time, anywhere with this, right?
I see!
Okay, now get yourself transformed! Kosaki!
Right!
It's still no good, Rurin! You can still see me!
How pathetic, Magical Patissiere!
Stop whining!
Do you really think you're fit to serve as a Magical Girl?
Who's that?
To Be Continued
Are you this city's resident Magical Girl?
Do you really think you're capable of safeguarding all the love and peace in this world?
Wh-Who are you?
I am the Magical Girl of Love, guardian of the peace of the next town over.
My name is Marika Tachibana.
What? You mean there are other magical girls besides me?
Why wouldn't there be?
Oh, please... you don't have to say it so matter-of-factly...
Acting so mortified every time you transform... you can't call yourself a full-fledged magical girl!
I shall show you how a real magical girl transforms!
Let's go, Honda!
Understood!
Transform!
Magical Police Marika is here!
Magical Police Marika - is here!
What should I do? This girl doesn't have a shred of shame!
You need to take a page out her book, too.
To Be Continued
Your fellow magical girls should all be here in this town.
Oh?
You don't look very happy.
But you were so gung-ho when you signed the contract!
Well, of course I was!
But what was that?
Magical Gorilla Chitoge?
What the heck is a Magical Gorilla!? It's not the least bit cute!
And here I was, hoping for more magical girl-y, all frills and ribbons and adorable!
Really? I think you look adorable.
Liar.
Since a magical girl's costume takes the form of that girl's secret talents,
there's nothing I can do...
Well, being able to pulverize concrete with a flick of my forehead was a surprise...
At any rate, we've got to find the other magical girls.
Yeah, sure, we need to find them, but a cat talking in the city?
Don't you think that's too conspicuous?
Then should I assume my human form?
What? You mean you can do that?
Yes. Since it's a necessary skill for blending in with the human race.
All right... transform!
Why do you get a cuter costume than me?
No fair! No fair! Trade me! Trade me!
What? That's easy enough for you to say...
To Be Continued
I asked you to assemble in this town for one reason.
Starting now, I want you three to work as a team.
To take on the evil minions who've been on a rampage of late,
you're going to have to join forces and give it your best shot.
Well, in that case, you can count on us!
I'm going to have comrades!
Wonder if they'll be my friends?
All right, let's get started.
Can you decide on your leader?
Leader?
If we're talking about leaders, based on ability and experience,
surely there's no question that I should be the one!
What? No fair!
I want to be the leader, too!
Handle With Care
You only just became a magical girl the other day, you little newbie!
What does that have to do with anything?
Both of you, please calm down!
Now, now, let's play fair and decide via rock-paper-scissors.
Oh, no, I won!
Well, but just because I'm the leader now, it doesn't mean I get special privileges or anything...
What? That's not true.
For starters, whenever you announce yourselves to the enemy, you always get the center position.
Aside from that, in any and all situations, you get to monopolize the coolest lines and signature poses.
Though you do have other trivial tasks, as well.
Lucky her!
Shouldn't it be me who serves as our leader after all?
What did you mean by other trivial tasks?
No biggie, just some simple admin work.
First, you're to write up a weekly report on your team activities and submit it to me.
As the Magical Girl HQ will be basing their future policies for our team on these reports,
make sure they're accurate and reader-friendly.
The leader is also in charge of all team members' expense reports,
so you need to stay on top of all necessary receipts.
You'll be expected to indicate clearly whose expense and what it was for.
We may be magical girls, but our share of the operational budget is paltry.
If you miss any deductions, you'll regret it later.
Also, since all complaints and requests from the local residents go through HQ,
you need to keep a constant eye on whatever's in our jurisdiction.
Oh, before that,
you'll have to head over to the Magic Ward Office to have the paperwork for our team processed.
Later, after you've collected each member's proof of residence and some form of ID,
go to the Magical Ward Office and apply at the Magical Girl New Applications window...
See? Not so hard, huh?
I'm counting on you, Leader!
Is that really a magical girl's job?
Thank goodness I'm not the leader!
To Be Continued
Evil
An evil minion has appeared in Bonyari City!
All magical girls in this area, report at once!
It's no good! We're totally overmatched!
I hit my forehead...
We can't possibly defeat something like that!
You guys, you can't give up!
I guess we have no choice.
Now that it's come to this, our only hope is to join forces and use our killer move.
Killer move?
Yes... The only thing is, to use it, certain stringent conditions must be met.
The three of you must stand stark naked for five minutes, and concentrate all your magical powers!
I know. Five minutes during a battle will feel far too long...
That's not the point!
Actually, that's probably crucial, too...
But why stark naked!?
Because it's a killer move that packs and unleashes every ounce of your magical powers, of course!
You need to use the power of those magical costumes of yours as well...
Still, that's ridiculous!
Standing here in public for five minutes like that... we'd only look like perverts!
Isn't there any other way?
Nope. If you don't hurry, there's only going to be more havoc!
You really are a pair of wimps. I don't mind in the least!
Oh, all right.
Rest assured. In the meantime, I'll draw the enemy in.
What? By yourself, Rurin?
You can't! It's too dangerous!
It's all right. I can't let you three be the only ones to face danger.
I can fight, too, you know!
My Extreme Total Defensive Magic, able to withstand even a nuclear blast...
will surely stop the enemy in its tracks!
Huh?
Then doesn't that mean you don't need us?
My clothes!
To Be Continued??
Small planet!
No wonder they call it a killer move when we join forces!
The sheer force was incredible!
Yes... I guess so...
Now, then, Leader, Gorilla! Let's get out of here, shall we?
Good for you for defeating my minion, magical girls!
Huh? Who's that?
I heard rumors several promising magic girls arrived in this town, so I came to take a look...
You certainly look as advertised, rookies!
You're... Dr. Maikou!
You know him, Rurin?
Know him? He's the one who unleashed all those evil minions on the world!
The evil scientist plotting world domination... Dr. Maikou himself!
What? Is that true?
So he's the master of evil?
Uh... Dr. Maikou?
Why do you do such evil things? I mean, world domination...
Why do I do them?
I have no interest in world domination!
Huh!?
Then... why?
The reason I'm gunning for world domination, see...
After all, magical girls are all pretty girls, right?
You get to see them looking sexy while they transform, you get to see their pretty costumes...
What's not to love, right?
And since those magical girls seem happy to attack me in an endless stream, well, sure, of course!
Lucky me for being born a man, right?
We have to take him out. No matter what!
To Be Continued!!
All right, let's go, magical girls!
I wonder if you can soundly defeat me?
What should I do? I can't get that pumped up about this.
So that's the big boss?
Never mind that, let's just make short work of him!
Behold! Dr. Maikou's new weapon!
The Magic Neutralizing Beam!
Wh-What the heck is this!?
Did it take you by surprise, perhaps? The destructive power of this beam?
This beam can't be blocked by those clothes made of magic!
Wh-Wh-Wh-Wh-What's up with that? That's awful!
Why, you... Pervert!
In that case, our only option is to attack!
With my Magic Cuffs...
What on Earth...?
To think that it can obliterate any kind of magic...
Ms. Tachibana! In front of you!
You guys, let's un-transform for now!
We can't win in our current forms!
Okay...
But what are we going to do? There's nothing we can do like this...
Don't worry. I've got an idea.
Oh! My hand somehow slipped!
Heave-ho!
All right, you guys, let's head back to our hideout.
Now that he's here, we've got to come up with our next strategy...
Wait a second, please.
There's something I have to tell you!
This work is fiction. It is not related to any actual living things, groups and locations.
Oh, no. What am I going to do?
Nakamura can't make it on Sunday, either.
What? Is that right?
Kato said she couldn't come, either...
Well, now I'm in a bind. Losing two staff members so suddenly...
Then I'll work at the shop, too! Sister, you're going in too, right?
But I'd still be short one person...
Hey, I know.
Kosaki, can you ask that boy from the other day to pitch in?
What?
Oh... Sure, okay! I'll try asking him.
Pitch in?
G-Good morning!
Ah, there you are, young lad!
We're counting on you, Ichijo!
Wh-What the...?
Work!
Why is Ichijo the one pitching in?
You're asking me why?
Because he's pitched in before, he has experience, and Mom acknowledges his skills...
What? Mom?
B-But... but...
If I just cover what he'd be doing, we wouldn't need him, right?
We don't need anyone to pitch in!
We can't tell him that now, can we?
I mean, he's already here.
This guy... the nerve of him!
So he's been going after my sister for that long, huh?
But as long as I'm here, I won't let him lay a finger on my sister!
Ugh... she's totally on red alert...
But since she's Onodera's kid sister, I really wish we could be friends...
Looks like things are tense between Haru and Ichijo, after all.
I really wish those two could be friends...
What's this? Haru, are you already buddies with Ichijo?
Kosaki! Seems like you have a rival now!
What are you talking about, Mom!?
Okay, why don't we get to work now?
We'll start like we did last time, by making the bean paste.
I'm looking forward to working with you!
Ichijo, would you mind handing me that teaspoon there?
Sure.
Here, Sister!
Huh? Th-Thanks.
Uh... uh... Haru, was it?
You seem to have all these misunderstandings about me...
Huh? Misunderstandings?
Now then, what could you be referring to?
The fact that you saw my underwear?
Although I do think that that's an indisputable fact.
Moreover, twice!
Did you have to talk about that in front of Onodera?
What am I supposed to do?
Mom asked me to run an errand for her, so I'll be out for a bit, okay?
I'll be right back!
Huh? Onodera?
According to Haru, it didn't seem like Ichijo meant to see her underwear.
I'm sure if they talk it out... they can become friends, right?
N-No way...
And I thought I could spend the day with Onodera!
How very unfortunate...
You being deprived of your target - my sister!
I-It's not like I...
I'm actually impressed that you had the guts to appear before me.
After the horrible thing you did to me!
What the...? I told you, that wasn't my fault!
All you had to do was avert your gaze!
But no, you even offered your comments...
Oh... Well, I admit that was wrong, but...
I'm going to spell it out very clearly for you.
Don't ever try to go near my sister again!
The thing I find most unforgivable about you,
is the fact that you're trying to make a play for my sister,
when you already have such a gorgeous girlfriend!
Just what kind of nerve is that? As a person, you're the lowest of the low!
It's true that my sister is pretty...
Not only that, but she's also a pure, feminine, ultra-lovely big sister!
I agree. On top of that she's gentle, and has so much empathy...
That's right! You're absolutely right!
She's kind to anyone she meets, and she has an especially lovely smile...
She sure does! I don't know how many times that smile has saved me.
And the way she's such a klutz once in a while... that's adorable, too...
Would you mind not jumping onto my bandwagon without permission?
My bad.
That's precisely why I can't stand the thought of handing her over to an insincere man like you.
This kid must really love Onodera.
It's not quite the same, but I know too well how that feels...
I have no choice.
Although it's so uncool to bring it up myself...
Hey, you really shouldn't be so hard on me.
The guy who saved you from those thugs crowding you the other day...
That was me, you know.
Huh?
Setting aside the underwear incident, and whatever rumors you've heard about me...
Can't you at least hear me out a little...?
Huh!? What the heck are you talking about!?
I already knew you were the lowest of the low...
But I never thought you'd go so far as to tarnish my prince!
Huh? What?
How corrupt is that soul of yours?
Even if I don't really remember anything about that prince,
I can tell right away that it wasn't you!
Huh? No, no, hold up! I really did...
According to my hazy memories... He was at least 180 cm tall!
He had a face like a Hollywood star, and a clear voice like a voice actor!
She's embellished my image!
To think that you'd try to win me over with a lie like that...
You're rotten to the core.
Oh, hey, that's not what I meant to...
It's no good. If I say any more, it'll only backfire.
Fine. I was wrong, okay? Just forget what I said.
You bet I will!
Please don't say creepy things like that.
I can't believe he'd tell a horrible lie like that...
Are all men like that, I wonder?
All right, let's just start over and get to work.
What should I do?
You don't have to do anything!
Just curl up in some corner somewhere!
Just right, I think?
Come to think of it, you seem to be pretty good, Haru. At cooking...
Excuse me?
Well, since it seems like it's not Onodera's strong point...
That's just because my sister happens to be special.
What do you think? Is it good?
She's always been like that since I can remember.
Since I was the one they trained in her place, and the one who helped out in the shop,
of course I'm the one who can do all this.
Oh, really? Good for you!
And also...
Watching you work, Haru, I can tell that you really love making Japanese sweets!
Huh?
The way you handle your tools, the way each and every step is so polished...
I think that's amazing...
I bet the sweets you make are really good!
I wish I could taste some!
What would you know about it?
Even if you offer such blatant lip service, it doesn't make me happy at all!
Oh, really?
Hey, I'm gonna help out, after all. I'll take care not to get in your way.
Oh! That's all right, you'd only be...
Huh?
The way he moves... it's not amateurish. He really knows what he's doing... and it's really...
Do you make them at home?
What?
Japanese sweets...
Yeah. A lot, these days.
Ever since I got to work here the last time, I've really gotten into it.
I'm trying out stuff on my own. Japanese sweets are totally deep, huh?
Oh, I see. Not that it matters anyway...
And besides, it's not like what he makes could possibly taste good...
Yum! This exquisite degree of sweetness and silky-smooth texture...
No, it's not good!
It's not good at all, you know!
What do you think? I did use the daifuku sweets from Suzumiya as a reference...
Oh! Did you say Suzumiya?
You know, I really love their daifuku, too!
They've got some amazing fine-grained paste, don't you think?
The balance between sweetness and slight saltiness is so...
I really love their strawberry daifuku! They're the best, aren't they?
Yeah, those rock!
Since they use quality strawberries... That juiciness is to die for!
I think whoever was the first to put strawberries inside a daifuku was a genius!
You said it! You could even call it a game-changer in human history!
Right! I know exactly what you mean!
Huh? What am I doing, having a blast talking to this guy?
This guy is my enemy! He's the enemy, got that?
Oh, man, now I'm starting to crave some!
What?
Huh? You two are alone?
Now that's unusual for you, my little man-hater, Haru!
Hey, Haru! Don't come running to me if you have to fight over him with your sister!
What the...? Who would ever...?
Your mom's the same as ever, I see.
Who... who would ever fall for this guy?
All right, that's enough! Please go off somewhere!
But no, I can't do that...
I'll be fine on my own!
Hey... That's too heavy for you...
Hey! Hey, where do you think you're touching me?
Let go of me, please!
No, if I let go now it'll all fall over!
At least leave the heavy stuff to me.
I am a guy, after all.
I can handle this by myself!
Oh, man. Stay still, will you? It's dangerous!
If you don't cut it out, I'm going to yell as loud as I can!
So loud my sister will hear me!
Yeah? Go ahead. It would be a lot worse if you got injured because of me!
What?
Where's that coming from? Such a grating line as that...
Guys' hands are so burly...
I never knew they were so big...
Well... Looks like you got closer than I thought, huh?
Sister!
If you just let go like that...
Ichijo!
What the... What was that sound?
Didn't I tell you to be careful!?
No way am I going to let my guard down against you, all right?
You're going to pay for this, got that!? I hope you're prepared!
