Secret Mission
When collecting points at Star Rose Galaxy,
you can get a commemorative picture taken with RoGal's Rosy!
Plus we're currently holding a double-point campaign.
It's just about to start.
Yeah!
GD Flash!
The Majestic Princes are Police Chiefs for a Day?!
Hiya! Hiya!
Everyone, committing crimes is a big no-no!
S-sure is!
Ahem! Anager-may, get me some pickled guts!
Really, now!
We're stars for the day, so we're allowed to be a bit demanding.
Here are your pickled fish guts!
You had some?!
This is the stuff!
Are you tired?
No, I just got a bit nervous back there...
I'm glad that's all it is.
Oh, we'll be arriving at our next location momentarily.
The Majestic Princes!!
The Majestic Princes!! Are Presidents of the Hospital for 1 Day!!
Get all better!
Why the nurse getup?
The MJP are Presidents of a Hospital for 1 Day!
Hiya! Hiya, hiya!
Who wants a shot?
C'mon! Get your shot!
Hey, why am I spending my day off like this?
Just follow me!
You were gonna bum the day away anyway!
What a thing to say!
I had a bunch of stuff planned out.
Quit whining! Now shut up and follow me!
The Shopping Arcade that Floats in Space: STAR ROSE GALAXY
Quit pulling my arm!
Heroes from the Battle of Ceres,
Second Lt. Kei Kugimiya and Second Lt. Tamaki Irie
visited the hospital to comfort and hearten the inpatients.
Our kittens are working hard, aren't they?
It's rather cruel of the army to order them to act like
stars for a day as some publicity stunt.
It's because we keep losing.
They have to appease the masses somehow, you know?
Isn't the world of adults a nasty place?
The Global Defense Force, GDF,
used to have no choice but to retreat
from the Wulgaru invaders.
However, since the battle at Undina Base, the GDF has
incorporated their new mobile weapons, the AHSMB,
into their battle plans.
Since then, the war has dramatically turned in our favor.
These five pilots belong to the special forces, the MJP,
or Military Junior Pre-Academy, also known as the Majestic Princes.
Right! I'll do my besht!
Sure will!
CONDENSED MILK DRINK Pickled Squid Guts
Job well done! You both did great.
Kei, you were awesome! Even though you bit your tongue.
What's that stuff you keep drinking?
Want one? It'll wash your fatigue away.
It's called, Condensed Milk DRINK.
Sweet! So sweet it nearly knocked me out!
Really?
Ah, that's good!
Kei, do ants come after you in your sleep?
If you like, I also have brown sugar and honey!
It's even thicker!
Heroes from the Battle of Ceres
and members of the Majestic Prince,
Second Lt. Kei Kugimiya and Second Lt. Tamaki Irie...
For Upset Stomach and Stomachache
Jeez, why am I stuck doing this?
Because you don't have a girlfriend!
It'd suck if you wasted your day off,
so I'm letting you come shopping with me.
You should let your inner happiness shine!
Dang! I was wondering what you'd be interested in.
Th-this isn't what I'm shopping for today!
Come on! We're going in!
What?!
Doesn't our little lady's expression seem forced?
Who did her makeup?
Her costumes could use some help, too.
You want to squeeze that in now?!
There's no way we'll get there in time!
Huh? It'll air on every net station?
Very well.
There has been a change to part of your schedule.
What's up?
POCO, commence the auto control's deactivation process!
Auto Control System's Cancel Process: Activate.
What?! What?! What?! What?! What?!
Wh-what?! What in the-?!
Manual Control Mode: Standby.
Okay, I have control!
You have control. Bon voyage!
Thanks!
Please grab on to something!
Ice Cream TOFU TOFU
Ice Cream
Yay!
Peko!
You'll bite your tongue if you talk.
Go!
This rocks!
A Certain Flower Garden Preschool
Good afternoon!
PRINCIPAL
Good afternoon!
Hold your hands up when you cross the road!
Do it...
Majestic Princes are Principals for 1 Day!!
So, who is your favorite of the Princes?
I like Gold 4's pilot, Second Lt. Ataru Suruga.
His unit's primary guns are a 90 mm L/70
high-energy charged particle cannon
and two 40mm L/45 radiation-guided
photon resonance antiaircraft cannons as its coax guns.
He can catch any enemies in
range with a Type 99 high-depth, 3D,
inversed spectroscopic rangefinder that
was manufactured by Imperial Japan Optics Meter.
Then he uses the Coaxial Complex Topographical Reaction Control System
mounted on his entire unit for stabilization.
No matter what the situation...
Star Rose Limited Edition Stickers Star Rose Galaxy's Official Mascot, RoGal's Rosy
With a new team on the battlefield known as the Majestic Princes,
the GDF decided to retaliate with a large-scale operation.
This is known as the Battle of Ceres.
For this operation, the GDF had every
space fleet from all of its allied nations
fight with the intent to demolish the enemy's forces.
Unfortunately, the primary target
for this operation did not respond as anticipated.
Our forces had no choice but to regroup.
Regardless, the Princes performed magnificently,
allowing us to bring the Wulgaru invasion to a halt.
We have successfully detained the Wulgaru in the Asteroid Belt.
It's all how you look at it, huh?
The GDF space forces are currently reorganizing most of their troops.
Where next?
Your next shoot is at...
OTOJIMA FILMS
What's up with the swimsuits?!
And look at those designs!
What do you think these girls are?!
N-now, now!
The basic concept for this commercial really calls for swimsuits.
Call it an artistic necessity...
Besides, this series has been highly popular in Europe.
I'm certain they'll become an international hit this summer!
This isn't such a big deal, is it...?
What do you say, Second Lt. Tamaki?
Sure, I'm game.
And there you have it!
And what do you say?
Are you... asking me?
I think it would look fabulous on you!
I'm thinking, Don't give me this crap!
What IS this?
Trying to cover as little skin as possible? Is it a STRING?
And is that transparent material?
That one seems to have a fair amount of material,
but why bother when it's flesh-toned?
And the print is made to look like real skin?
Someone right beside you could mistake you for being naked,
let alone people from a distance.
Can you even air this?
And did you look at the materials used?
This is made to melt when it gets wet!
Isn't that nuts?!
What were you thinking, making a swimsuit
that melts when you get in the water?!
Doesn't this make you want to crack open the head of whoever is responsible
and see if it's filled with miso?!
It's said that swimsuits for women were thick dresses that started in the 17th Century
so people wouldn't see through their wet clothes while they played at the beach!
Then I'll do it by myself.
They wore long skirts! So what the heck is-
After all, I think it's perfectly harmless.
The Shopping Arcade that Floats in Space: STAR ROSE GALAXY
Okay! On to the next shop!
Next? There's still more?
You know it!
You see, at times like this, girls like to...
Would you like one?
No way! I'm not a kid or anything.
Let's go! C'mon, it's this way!
FIN
We Did it!
FIN
Let's go on TV with her next time!
Why don't we buy a cake for the little lady?
Going by the looks of it, she's mighty tired.
Did you hear me? Let's go on TV with her!
Come to think of it, I've got a friend who went on TV.
You know the rock singer, ?
How does the Rose Eatery's Sachertorte sound?
If I get an electric car, I want it to have blue faux leather!
I was at the music store one day when
someone called out to me and guess who it was!
What should I wear on TV?
The spring dress I bought last week?
Asagi is certainly a kind young lad, isn't he?
I'm impressed he is spending his day off looking after our Anna.
I wonder when they grew so close...
Hmm. A pilot for a son-in-law, eh?
H-hey, Dad! Don't jump to conclusions.
It's too soon for that!
I know!
Let's ask them to drop by the Rose Eatery on their way back.
I haven't had a cake in a good long while.
It wasn't all that long ago she said that she'd marry me...
Wow! I think this might be a wee bit too sexy.
I don't think Asagi'd survive seeing me in this.
Not so loud!
Willing to risk a bloody nose?
N-no...
Well? Did it make you get tingly inside?
My, you look great!
But considering your age,
I think this would look even better on you!
Nah, this is fine.
Apparently this is what she wants.
Oh, is that right?
Then please come this way so I can ring you up.
All right! All right! Slowly! Slowly, now!
Hey, who fiddled with the legs' circuits?
They're fine! I bypassed security and shut down everything up to 62.
More importantly, I need you to repair the No.8 actuator.
Got it!
And let's change the pitch.
Sure thing!
There, okay!
That seems about right.
Yeah.
Asagi, listen... About earli-
Whoa! Why'd you suddenly stop?!
Want one?
I already said I didn't! I'm not a little kid!
No, I want one. Come join me.
Uh...
Two milk and honey-flavored ice cream cones!
Coming right up!
Thank you.
Thank you for waiting.
We'll be reaching the next spot in just a minute.
Tamaki, you should have done this mission on your own...
You seem to be enjoying yourself
and you're good at talking in front of people.
Compared to you, I...
That's not true!
There were plenty of things that weren't any fun!
Like when there weren't any hot studs
or when the costumes were ugly.
But I pulled through because you were with me, Kei!
Because I was there?
Yup! I mean, you did all of these gigs with me.
I think you're amazing the way you carried out this mission
even though it wasn't your thing.
Tamaki...!
Kei, you're doing your very best!
Knock it off, jeez!
And here we are!
Fire Chief for 1 Day
I wore a bunch of different outfits!
Sure did!
This is the first time I've changed so many times in one day.
That goes to show
how the world is filled with various types of jobs.
Does that mean I coulda done a
bunch of different jobs with different outfits?
Now, for your next outfit...
Here it is!
I'm sure it must have been stressful wearing
so many new and different outfits.
But you should feel at home in-
It's only meh.
What?! It's a military uniform!
But I'm not really connecting with it...
Now, now, Tamaki. Let's get changed.
But, but...!
I know!
You think that there might be another uniform that
matches you better, right?
Yup!
I'll be there with you, so be a big girl.
Okay!
Okay, here I go!
Yay!
Yay...
You should join the GDF.
I'm totally beat!
They've completed their mission.
Yes, they both worked very hard.
Okay, take care.
Kei, Tamaki, thanks for all of your hard work today!
Job well done!
Should we pick up something to eat on the way back?
The Rose Eatery's main store is up ahead.
Milk and honey Sachertorte!
I want pickled innards!
Really!
They carry that.
Sweet! My pickled guts!
Honestly, I'm sorry she took up your entire day off.
It's fine! I had a pretty good time.
Oh, here! It's a Sachertorte from the Rose Eatery.
It was the last one.
Oh, thanks!
I'm a sucker for sweets!
Come on, Anna. Wake up.
Papa, I'm back.
Hey, Asagi!
What is it?
Here!
Thanks for being so considerate throughout the day.
Fast Acting, Gentle on Stomach SAIONJI STOMACH MEDICINE EX For Upset Stomach and Stomachache Works on Hangovers
I hear it works wonders.
This program was brought to you by Star Rose Galaxy Shopping Center.
If you shop there now...
to win a coupon to stay at a luxurious satellite resort for 4 days and 3 nights
or win one of Star Rose Galaxy's specialty Milk and Honey Ice Cream Cones.
Star Rose Galaxy
Everyone, please drop on by.
You've just gotta shop at RoGal!
The Aloof Ace
