Rikka Park Meeting Center - Hotel Elnath
Le Wolfe Black Academy Student Council President: Dirk Eberweine
Allekant Academy Student Council President: Shuma Sakon
Jie Long 7th Academy Student Council President: Fan Shinlu
Garrardworth Academy Student Council President: Ernest Fairclough
As always, you're right on time.
Seidoukan Academy Student Council President: Claudia Enfield
Good afternoon, everyone.
I'm happy to see you all looking so well.
All right, since we're all here, why don't we get started?
Oh, but...
Oh, she's in the middle of her European tour.
How fitting for a world-famous diva!
Seems like there's a lot on her plate.
Not that it makes any difference whether she's around or not, a little brat like that!
I'd appreciate it if you could refrain from insulting reps from other schools,
Overlord of the Double Swords.
How many times has that bitch from Queenvale been absent now?
I just told you not to talk like that.
Interesting.
Want to take me on, Lord Holy Knight?
Look at your little kiddie toy.
I see you're as tight as ever, little punks.
But you'd better stop that childish horseplay now.
Otherwise, I'll start itching to join the fray myself.
I suppose there's no defying the princess's mediation efforts.
By the way, Claudia...
What is it?
I'm hearing rumors that Seidoukan and Allekant agreed to co-develop a new type of Lux.
So what's up with that?
Oh, my, news does travel fast.
It's true that we'll be sending our engineers to Allekant.
You vixen!
Secret deals between schools are prohibited under the Stella Charter.
In the first place, the technological difference between Seidoukan and Allekant is like night and day.
Yes, it's like saying, Please help yourselves to as much of our technology as you like.
Are you sure you're okay with that, Allekant?
Uh, actually, all I did was give the go-ahead.
So I don't know any of the details.
There seems to be some kind of misunderstanding.
This isn't a secret deal,
but rather an official collaboration between Seidoukan Academy and Allekant Academy.
The details will be made public eventually.
So you're saying this deal was made on equal terms?
Of course.
In return for the use of Allekant's facilities,
we will be assuming 70 of the RD fees, after all.
Right, speaking of Seidoukan,
they had some internal strife the other day, and had to mobilize the Shadow Stars.
Now, could that have anything to do with...
Whatever are you talking about?
You scheming bitch!
All right, I think that's enough of this topic.
Then let's wait for the official announcement.
All right, once again, about today's agenda...
Uh, excuse me...
Actually, uh...
I know this is sudden,
but there's something I'd like to add to today's discussion.
What? Now you're joining the fray?
Aha, what could that be?
Uh, what I'd like to propose to you all
is the handling of artificial intelligence in Asterisk, as well as during the Festas.
Lightning Blade Speed
If I don't hurry, Julis is going to kill me!
Are you all right?
Yes... I'm fine.
Uh... Sorry about that. I wasn't paying attention.
N-No, I'm the one who should be apologizing.
I think there's something stuck in your hair.
Where? Where?
Okay, hold still.
Um... Thank you very much.
Uh...
Kirin!
What are you up to over there?!
Y-Yes, sir! I'm sorry!
S-See you later!
Uh... right.
Julis?
Burst into bloom...
LIVINGSTON DAISY
Livingston Daisy!
Go!
Now that was a nonchalantly ridiculous stunt.
But how do you plan to evade my next attack?
Then how about something like this?
Come out... Gloriosa!
GLORIOSA
Amagiri Shinmei Style, Second Sword!
Ten Linked Thistles!
TEN LINKED THISTLES
I thought I had you today for sure.
No, to tell you the truth, that last one was a close call.
You've got a whole arsenal of moves, huh?
M-Mmm. I suppose so.
So how are you feeling physically?
Yeah, well, I think I'm good for up to 3 minutes.
I see.
Assuming you can go full blast for that long,
I'm sure we can find a way to handle anyone at my level.
But there can't be that many students more powerful than you.
I'm happy for that vote of confidence from you,
but there must be more than you can count on both hands and feet.
That many?
Garrardworth's student council president is such an able swordsman, he's known as the Holy Knight.
His counterpart at Jie Long is said to be a beast of epic proportions.
Although neither of them are old enough to take part in the Festas.
Oh, right, there's another famous contestant that I've heard of.
The one who became the second person in history to win Lindbels Festas last year.
I think it was Le Wolfe's...
Elenshquigall Ophelia.
Oh, yeah, that's the one!
Julis?
Oh... Sorry.
Now, then. Despite all that, we do have one thing in our favor.
And that's the fact that your skills aren't yet well-known.
The fact that you're wielding the Ser Veresta may be public knowledge,
but knowing this sword's power still won't do anyone any good.
It would be even more ideal if you could use it without unsealing it.
Yeah...
But unless I'm at full power, this thing won't acknowledge me as its wielder.
At any rate, we only have one month left before the Phoenix Festa.
Don't go tipping your hand in any useless duels!
Roger that.
No fair!
Riessfeld, you're totally monopolizing Ayato.
I know you've been shutting yourself into a room alone with Ayato after school,
indulging in unspeakable acts...
I've got you dead to rights!
Don't slander me!
We've been training for the Phoenix Festa, that's all!
Lester. I see you're out of the hospital.
Well, yeah.
So what brings you here today?
And with Saya, of all people?
I just picked up this little squirt on the way.
Who are you calling a little squirt?!
Well, but I do owe you big time. Thanks.
Well, uh, about that incident with Silas...
There's no denying that you saved me.
So... you know...
A-Anyway, you did me a solid! That's it!
Uh, sure!
Oh, so you're all here!
Ah, so this is the Seidoukan training room, eh?
Wow, it's gorgeous!
Don't get too carried away, Ernesta.
Allow me to introduce you all.
This is Camilla Pareto of Allekant Academy.
And this is Ernesta Kuhne.
Of Allekant?
Seidoukan and Allekant are about to embark on a joint venture, developing a new type of Lux.
And so they're here today to sign the contract.
Hello.
So that's what this is about?
What are you talking about?
In return for not charging Allekant with the Silas incident,
they must have secured their technological collaboration.
My, what are you talking about?
Well, whatever. But...
Why did you bring those two here?
Right, because...
Oh, yes, because I said I wanted to see for myself!
Honestly, I just had to see him with my own two eyes!
The young swordsman who shredded every one of my little puppets!
Heh, heh!
You wretch!
Step away from Ayato this minute!
Hmm, hmm... I see, I see...
Yes! Not bad at all!
I think I like you!
Uh, look...
But things won't work out so well for you next time.
What did you just...
What do you think you're doing?!
Thieving cat.
Must be destroyed!
So scary! So scary!
It was just a little greeting, that's all!
I'm so sorry.
What you just saw was Ernesta's true nature.
I apologize on her behalf.
Now this is quite unique.
Three Manadites, forcefully linked together.
It's a design concept that I haven't seen in ages.
Correct. How did you know?
Because that's what I specialize in.
Still, you can't really call it practical.
This was dismissed over ten years ago as a half-baked technology.
You're forced to deploy the Meteo Arts non-stop
to boost Lux output by pouring Prana into the Manadites.
The Meteo Arts, huh?
Therefore, an interval is needed between each attack.
But it doesn't look like that flaw's been rectified.
That's true.
Even so, I won't let you get away with insulting my father's gun.
I demand that you take that back!
Oh, so are you Dr. Sasamiya's daughter, then?
What if I am?
Then I can't retract my statement, all the more.
Because of Dr. Sasamiya's renegade tendencies,
he was cast out of Allekant, as well as our faction, Ferrovius.
As the leader of the latter, I cannot acknowledge his perverse notions.
Now, then, my guests.
Why don't we get back to business?
Good idea. Pardon me.
Hold up. I insist that you retract your statement!
Well, but Camilla can be stubborn, you know?
Well, if you're really determined, your only hope would be to force her.
You mean I should duel her?
Please, no way would she accept a challenge!
But see, we'll be taking part in the upcoming Phoenix Festa, you know?
Come on, Ernesta.
Coming!
All right, see you later, guys!
Ayato...
What's up?
I'm going to fight in the Phoenix Festa, too. I've made up my mind.
But it's a tag team tournament, you know.
Who are you gonna team up with?
With you, of course.
Don't be ridiculous! This guy is my partner!
No monopolies.
I'm the one who asked him first!
Ouch ouch ouch! Come on, you two!
Great. Just great.
Oh, boy, now that was a rare sight, seeing you like that.
You know, baiting that blue-haired girl and all...
I wasn't really baiting her. That was just my frank opinion.
Anyway, what do you think of him?
I have to say I'd like just a little more data.
Our prez did a good job, helping us prepare for the Festa.
Now the only thing we have to worry about is him.
Are you planning another one of your stunts?
Well, you know me, I'll do anything!
In order to realize my dream, that is...
Allekant is divided into two groups. The research class that develops Luxes,
and the practical skills class that fights with them in the Festas.
And the research class is the one with more clout.
Yeah?
Not only that, but the research class itself has its cliques.
FERROVIUS TENORIO PYGMALION METHUSELAH SONNET
ALLEKANT RESEARCH CLASS
And they're always fighting over RD facilities and the most promising students.
And right now, Ferrovius has the most clout of all.
FERROVIUS
I see.
I already told you, that's not your concern, Kirin!
B-But, Uncle...
I don't recall ever giving you permission to talk back, either!
That's enough!
Who the hell are you?
I don't know what this is about, but I don't approve of raising a hand to a girl.
I was only disciplining her as her uncle.
Outsiders should stay out of family matters!
Uncle?
I'm Koichiro Toudou.
Kirin Toudou here is my niece.
Now you know, so get out of my way. Anyway...
You Genestella kids are pretty much immune to anything of this level, aren't you?
That doesn't mean that we don't feel pain.
What's your name?
Ayato Amagiri.
Amagiri...
A rank-and-filer who isn't even listed in the Named Cults, eh?
Fine!
If you have a problem with my way of doing things,
then tell me what you want me to do.
I'm telling you that I'll comply. Just speak up.
Don't ever get violent with her again.
Can you promise me that?
Sure, I can do that.
Only if you win a duel, that is.
Duel?
Your opponent is... her.
Uncle! I...
Kirin!
You're not actually defying me, are you?!
No... Of course not.
Fine, then.
If you defeat that Ser Veresta, it'll pad your resume further.
I'm so sorry.
challenge you, Amagiri-senpai, to a duel.
N-No, wait, why should I have to fight you?
Please, Senpai. If you decline, then that'll be the end of it.
And if I do, what'll happen to you?
What's going to happen to you?
I don't care what happens to me.
Because there's nothing I can do about it.
In that case, I don't think I can decline.
You're very kind, Amagiri-senpai.
Then I have no choice.
I can't afford to lose this duel, either.
I accept your challenge.
Kirin, don't parry that Ogre Lux of his!
He'll slice right through your sword!
Here I come!
Amagiri-senpai, you're very powerful.
You surprised me.
Well, I could say the same of you.
I told him not to get into any meaningless duels!
That idiot!
The pressure's on Ayato?
Well, well, if it isn't Her Highness.
Yabuki?
Hey, isn't this a spectacle?
That Amagiri's totally been hiding his true skills from us!
But it doesn't look good for him.
Well, of course not.
He's up against the notorious Lightning Blade Speed, right?
Still, looks like Amagiri's still not going all-out with the Ser Veresta.
Toudou's been dodging every blow without once receiving an attack.
So he can actually read the defense and offense patterns?
Never mind that! How long has this duel been going on?!
Maybe 4, 5 minutes, I guess?
Amazing... I never thought it would be like this.
Dammit, I'm out of time...
You can read her sword skills.
Wait till the last second to dodge and come out swinging!
He's panicking? But why?
I'll dodge this one, too!
End of duel!
Winner, Kirin Toudou!
The ones that are used to fighting elsewhere always end up doing that!
It's over, huh? Let's go.
Yes, sir!
Um... I'm really sorry!
Hey...
We're getting out of here right now.
You don't have all that much time before your limit's up.
Uh, right.
You have some explaining to do later.
What possible reason could you have
for dueling the student who's ranked 1 at our school?
That girl's...
our...
Rank 1?
Ayato... Oh, to think that my Ayato actually lost!
You have to hand it to Seidoukan's Rank 1, Ms. Kirin Toudou!
Apparently, she's not called Lightning Blade Speed for nothing.
Episode 6 - The True Face of the Girl
Oh, but I haven't quite gone down in defeat myself.
