So, you are the Black King and his subjects.
You said you would destroy the humans. You boasted so boldly.
You tamed the winged dragons that we ruled,
and treated them like your own pets...
You are underestimating us.
I am the Black King.
If you intend to join my alliance, you may take your place in line.
How dare you speak in such an arrogant manner to this Bronze Dragon?!
Who the hell you think you are?!
I don't care who you are.
It matters not to me whoever or whatever you are.
To me, you are no different from a single starving Goblin child.
Look over here, you ragged fool!
We shall tear you into rags to match your robe.
Stop!
Will you follow us, or will you die with them?
You may no longer stand on the fence, Bronze.
Respond to me, Bronze!
Cease! Stop! Stop it!
All right, the alliance...
I will join your alliance.
You have now become one who is scorned rather than one who is feared.
Hence, you have the right to join my alliance.
Such dreadful power.
That is high praise coming from a quiet man like you, Hijikata.
The power of our Black Lord is the replication of life.
His healing power is one derivation of it.
However, uncontrolled reproduction could result in cancerous growth, leading to death.
-B-Black Lord! -Black Lord!
Black Lord!
You don't need to prostrate yourselves before me.
Allow me some room to make use of my power.
He can replicate anything that is animate ad infinitum...
To those who stand against the Black King,
recognizing him as the commander of the opposing force,
his power must be nothing short of a nightmare.
He can instantly cure those who are injured.
Even those who would be beyond recovery or facing death under normal circumstances
could return to the front lines in no time.
He can create food and firewood infinitely.
The concept of logistics falls apart.
Then, why does he have them cultivate the earth?!
Why can't he just create food himself?!
That's because...
Our Black Lord...
Rasputin, is it completed?
I was a professional, so...
The system is extremely simple, but the simplicity should work better for them.
I chose an eye for our symbol.
Starting with the concept of fire worship, and mixing in other ideas
from Varuna, Egyptian and Celtic mythos.
I combined the best parts of these ideas to compose this system.
Also, these were...
Even so, it may take a long time to make them understand.
What do you have planned?
We are a multi-racial community.
Kobolds. Goblins. And we will become even more diverse in the future.
We need to unite these races.
We will create our own writing system, unify their religions, and educate them.
Primitive agriculture, a new writing system, unified religion...
They, who have been teased by being called monsters,
will take the place of humans and forge their own civilization in this world.
Act 10 Baba Yatu
We gather all the soil collected from villages, store it in the former administrative office first...
Why am I doing this?
Oh my God!
Oh my God! Cherry Boy!
-Oh my God! -Well, it's true, but...
Don't call me that, idiot!
A strange carriage is approaching here.
A strange... carriage?
That is Count Saint-Germi...
Elven boys, go hide now!
You Elven girls, no need to hide.
What is going on?!
Stop!
Hm?
Stop!
Wh-Wh-Who are you?!
This place looks incredibly dull.
It certainly does.
This really isn't what I was expecting.
I imagined some place more twinkling and glittering...
Brilliant sunlight filtering through the leaves of trees.
A forest where a hidden, holy spring is gushing.
There, the naked Elven boys playing with the spirits of dead,
frolicking and laughing.
Shut your mouths!
Dreamy Dreamy
Count Saint-Germi...
Why did you personally come to a place like this?
Who on earth are you? A Drifter?
No... my lord.
I am Mills, the former tax accountant of the Elven colonies.
Now, the Elves have locked me up and...
Hmm, you look like a virgin.
I came to see the Drifters.
They must be here, right?! Bring them here... Bring the Drifters!
That's right. That's right. Bring them to us!
Why are only a few Elven boys here?! You must be hiding them.
Bring them out!
Well... actually... they are not here at this moment.
Huh?
What do you mean by that?! Where are they?!
You must confess. Or else, I will eat you alive!
I'm sorry. I'm sowwy.
Th-They told me they were going to
free the Dwarves and took the Elven men with them...
firearms, machine guns, and the like.
Wh...?!
Di... Di... Did you say they were going to have the Dwarves make firearms?!
Wh... Wh... What... What about black powder?!
They already have black powder.
They are continuously making a large quantity.
It's over. Orte is finished.
What?! Muket? What the heck is a muket?
Is it edible?
Musket! It's called a musket!
Have you been doing anything besides eating?!
We can fight as well.
Bring us more booze and food!
Also, you guys recovered way too quickly after you ate!
-Huh?! -You wanna fight, idiot?!
There should've been tons of food in this arsenal...
Wh-What happened?!
Olminu, we just got an additional order.
Soup for a hundred people!
What kind of place do they think this is?! Just serve them water!
The more they eat, the more muscular they become.
Scary... Dwarves really are scary.
Yeah.
What's with that? Why are you smiling, Shara?
Hm?
The Dwarves are back. The Dwarves from our bedtime stories are back.
Ahhh...
Don't Ahhh me.
So... hey, listen to me.
You know that guy Yoshitsune? He's a horrible person.
Are you listening, old man?
I am... I am listening.
So here is the thing...
Suddenly, he was like, Shoot the fan! That didn't make any sense!
No way in hell I could hit the target.
Did he really think I could shoot a sailor?! He's got to be out of his mind.
I can't take that crap anymore.
That's some nasty booze.
Put your clothes back on. You may give them the wrong idea.
All right... Show me this musket thing.
D-Don't break it.
We ain't gonna break it.
What is this? It's an iron cylinder.
It looks like it's made of rolled iron.
The trigger mechanism seems to be similar to that of a crossbow. Simple enough.
Does the spring cause this iron bit to drop down onto the metal pan?
What does that do? Is this some sort of projectile device?
The base is made of just regular wood.
So, what on earth is this for?
Ah. It's a weapon called a musket.
Gunpowder is ignited in the cylinder, propelling a lead bullet.
Are you saying this is a weapon that...
I don't have any idea about the gunpowder or that sort of thing, but...
Aren't bows and crossbows just as good? What is so special about this?
On that point, I don't fully understand either.
Bows won't make any sound or require any development.
So, why a musket?
Well... umm...
The roar of the musket is its battle cry.
A musket has a voice of its own when aimed at you.
On top of that, it is quick to train with.
In the span of a day, a peasant can be trained to kill veteran soldiers.
Mm... It is as I thought, he is no fool.
However, battle is the only thing he knows.
A musket has long range and commanding power,
but that's not the only real advantage it holds.
It also simplifies killing, soothes murderous intent, and relieves guilty emotions.
In any case, with only a single pull, anyone can be a warrior.
It is a path for all civilians to become warriors.
I can't tell them that. No way... I can't.
Where...?
At last you have awoken.
I'm at...?!
The Northern Walls.
You were retrieved by dragon cavalry.
And Gilles De Rais?!
Dead... Became a lump of salt.
What is your intent?
I am going! I'll burn those bastards! I'll kill them all!
You must not. You underestimated them.
You mustn't take the Drifters lightly.
This time I will kill them! I will be sure to kill them all!
I will take revenge for Gilles de Rais!
You must not.
You will wait for your chance.
For, in the end, I will certainly ensure your desire comes to pass.
Bastard...
I will kill that samurai bastard!
I will thoroughly burn him to death.
I will burn him until not even his ashes remain!
How did it go... with her?
She has awoken at last.
She is doing well considering her skull was almost split.
The Black Lord healed her wound,
but it wouldn't have been strange if she had died before arriving here.
The Drifter leader named Toyohisa...
He does not seem the type to stay his hand just because his enemy is a woman.
Perhaps... he went easy on her.
He held back, but he stopped before the final blow was struck.
He wouldn't care what would happen afterwards.
His existence itself is an embodiment of complacency.
So, that is what samurai is.
For this reason alone, we can't underestimate them.
It's been 800 years since their feudal system was born...
Those mere thugs can think of nothing but killing each other on such tiny islands.
Our Russia lost to their descendants, didn't it?!
You're angry because Joan was bullied, aren't you, princess?
I have not been angered.
Yes, you have.
Cease!
Stop! Stop it!
Have them cease!
Black King, stop this! Have them cease!
Stop! Cease this!
If you cannot walk beside us, you are mere meat.
Keep this to yourself.
Hey, you...
Which are you?
That damn jackass is pretending to be a government official...
No way in hell he will stand a chance against me!
They are skilled.
Huh? What?!
I'm talking about the iron cylinder.
You told me it was called a musket, didn't you?
The blacksmiths of your country are pretty skilled.
But they are no match for us.
Here is the first one.
Wh-?! Don't tell me you finished already. It's only been a day.
If just a plan had been provided, it would've been different. But...
Try it. There shouldn't be any problem with it.
If we bring the production up to full force in this castle town,
how many can we make?
This town provided more than half of the Orte's armaments.
That was while we were starved and lazy.
If all of us work at full force, let's see...
It won't be same as making swords or armor,
so it will take some time to get used to it.
We can start out with seven to eight muskets, then maybe we can increase to ten...
Is that all?! You were so full of confidence earlier.
Isn't that enough?! We can only manage to make ten muskets per day at most.
Don't be unreasonable!
Per day?!
Is that Dwarf serious?! That's incredible!
What an evil look!
He gets that way every now on then. Please ignore him.
By the way, where did Toyohisa go? Is he eating again?
I wonder where he went.
Oh, him. He said he was going to do something
to help the food digest, gathering up our young men.
Frankly, I can't tell whether you guys are young or old.
You all look like old men. Is it some sort of curse?
Shut up!
We can also fight!
In Dwarven warfare, every blow is lethal.
Our fighting style is to put everything behind one ax strike.
You cleaved the helmet beautifully. It is just like Jigen.
Jige... What? What the heck is that?
The Jigen fighting style.
It was popular among young men in the main branch of the school.
I learned the Taisha fighting style
because I didn't have much time to learn the Jigen style...
No matter how far away your world is from ours, your way of thinking is the same...
Interesting.
Soldiers exist everywhere regardless of their appearance.
Indeed.
When did they...?
Who are you? I mean, what the heck are you?
They forged an alliance with not only the Elves but also the Dwarves.
You Drifters are quick.
I never would have expected...
How absolutely terrifying!
What are you?!
Who the hell are you?!
Oh my, the dirt won't come off.
W-We... We have a problem!
Saint-Germi's wagon is outside...
The powerful twinkie count...
How rude!
Hey, Boobienu. What the hell is he, an entertainer or something?
He is Count Saint-Germi!
He is a powerful aristocrat who owns a third of the Orte empire!
Wh-Why are you here?!
Count Saint-Germi! Are you a Drifter?
Or as we suspect, are you with the Ends?!
Oh dear, you are treating me like I'm criminal.
Whether you believe me or not, I am a Drifter.
Are you stupid enough to believe an End like me actually exists?!
-Wh...?! -Hmph.
Your breasts are large but not your brain, you stupid girl.
Th-Then, why on earth did you help Father found an empire like Orte?!
How dare you?! Orte is a great empire.
Don't talk like it's the work of the Ends, you idiot!
Father, Adolf Hitler, was also a respectable Drifter.
He formed the incredibly efficient bureaucratic government.
He eliminated nepotism and centralized the wealth.
Then, he meticulously crafted a strict hierarchy.
Thus, he unified the people and formed a centralized government...
We did such incredible work.
Otherwise, how could we have fought against
other races surrounding us for fifty years?!
You, I saw a man who had the same eyes as yours.
I didn't know who he was or what he was talking about,
but the man stuffed his own tea kettle with gunpowder and died in the explosion.
He was that sort of monster.
Are you talking about Matsunaga Danjo?
Oh dear, you're lumping me in with the likes of him? How terrible!
Does he already know about us? We can't let our guard down.
So, what brought you here, Count Saint-Germi?
I came to verify that you are worth joining forces with.
You are the leader, Shimazu Toyohisa, are you not?
That's right. Once again, I can't tell if the person before me is a man or a woman.
Who the hell are you?! Are you a man of Orte?
Well, I may be a man of Orte...
He read my move!
His swordsmanship is great, but his bloodthirst is weak.
Who the hell are you?!
It's too bad. In thirty years, you would totally be my type.
But there's nothing I can do about it. I am sorry if I end up killing you!
It would've been dangerous if you were a bearded elderly veteran.
Curse yourself for being young!
Hey, old man.
What's wrong, Allister?!
Fulame! I can't take this anymore... Can't even stand up.
How dare you do this to Allister?!
I didn't do anything.
But you and that old man are outside my strike zone, so I'll be just fine!
Here I come!
I won't let you beat me
unless a boy with a ponytail and bangs over one eye appears!
Toyohisa, we have a problem.
My expert subordinates are evaluating your leader by now.
Well, we'll see.
Princess!
Help!
Where are you going?
Oh, Toyo. What happened?
I don't know what is going on, but I hit him hard.
There are many people in this world whose gender I can't figure out.
What the hell are you?
I am a traitor.
A traitor?
That's right.
I came to sell off the Orte Empire.
I can give you a huge discount and a great deal right now.
-The empire...? -Sell off...?
That's correct... while it is still worth something.
When a country falls, it must fall in the proper way.
It would be unbearable if the armed forces of the other countries invaded Orte
and forced us to sign an instrument of surrender, fracturing the state.
So, what do you expect us to do?
We need to destroy Orte effectively with one blow while it still holds power.
Sound good?
Androgynous Closing Sale
Flintlock Musketeers
Devil Shimazu
Act 11 The Adventure of the Pistol Daimyo Bullet Counting Song
