I was simply entranced by that outfit's beauty.
This will be your wedding dress.
I could hardly wait.
When I grew up, I would be able to wear that outfit.
I merely yearned for it.
At the time, I had no idea what wedding dress implied.
The name of that outfit was Junketsu purity.
I was still an ignorant little girl back then.
It's unthinkable that someone beat me to the punch.
EPISODE 3 JUNKETSU
The Hitler Cabinet was inaugurated on January 10th, 1933.
HONNOUJI ACADEMY
SECOND YEAR CLASS K
Afterwards, it pursued a dictatorial system,
and with the death of President Hindenburg in August of the following year,
Hitler became head of state, which completed the transition to that system.
Wha? Where'd he disappear to?
Ryuko!
Where are you wandering off to by yourself?
This is
See me after school where we met before. Aikuro Mikisugi
That bastard!
It's a big problem,
you looking at me with such passion in your eyes at school.
It'd be bad for both of us if
word spread that you and I were too close, right?
Who and who?
There's some jokes that just aren't cool to say!
You're quite naIve when it comes to this subject.
All I want is for you to tell me who the
hell you are and why the hell you know about Senketsu.
Our deal was that you'd tell me if I beat up that
Hakodate chick from the Tennis Club, remember?
A man's word is only good on the day it's made.
The next day, well...
Life Fiber.
Huh?
LIFE FIBER
It refers to fighting fibers that have a life of their own.
The fabric of One-Star Goku Uniforms is
10 Life Fibers, Two-Star contain 20.
These special fibers enhance human strength and
draw out special abilities.
Now that you mention it...
That was a Life Fiber?
However, there exist in this world outfits woven
entirely of Life Fibers.
These are the Kamui.
Senketsu is one?
The only people who know the secret of
Life Fibers are the Kiryuin clan and your father, Isshin Matoi.
The Kiryuin clan must have attacked Dr. Matoi to try to
steal the Kamui he possessed and keep the secret for themselves.
How do you know all this?
I hate the Kiryuins' despotism, too.
I was working with Dr. Matoi to
try to thwart their plans for world domination.
After he died, I received a letter.
He had sent it before he died.
When I die, give you-know-what to my daughter.
It's just like dead leaves in the forest, huh?
Dead leaves in the forest...
So my meeting Senketsu was set up by you, then?
Thanks to you coming home to the mansion,
I was able to provide the perfect meeting spot.
So like I thought,
it was that Satsuki Kiryuin chick that killed my father?
I can't say for sure.
Fine, then. I'll beat it out of her.
With my own two hands.
I went undercover at the Honnouji Academy
to try to uncover what the Kiryuins are up to.
At school, you and I are teacher and student.
Don't make contact without taking precautions.
By that line, you mean the border between life and death?
You're a 17-year-old who doesn't know how to take a joke, I see.
One more thing.
When Senketsu awakens,
why does he turn into that sleazy, midriff-baring number?
Chalk that up to your father's tastes.
Y-You're kidding!
I'd hate to think that, anyway.
There's a lot that I don't understand about Kamui, either.
You'll have to find those answers yourself.
HONNOUJI ACADEMY SEWING CLUB LABORATORY
FIVE-STAR GOKU UNIFORM TEST-FITTING
This is a Five-Star Goku Uniform whose weave is 50 Life Fibers.
Commence sewing!
1 button location confirmed!
Don't inhale the dust!
Commencing sleeve length alterations. Modifying side vent shape.
Chest adjustment complete.
Activation of Life Fiber confirmed.
Don't let go of those chains!
Crap! One-Star security!
Fire all tranquilizer rounds!
Analysis complete.
Thanks for the save, Inumuta.
It was your decision to stop at the test-fitting stage.
All I did was unravel those threads.
Still, I'm not sure we could have beaten him if a
Three-Star like you hadn't been here.
Simply by increasing the Life Fiber count to 50,
control is lost to this extent.
It's hard to believe that some are able to wear Kamui,
which are entirely composed of Life Fibers.
However, if that Matoi girl's uniform is a Kamui, then...
KIRYUIN MANOR
Then Lady Satsuki is sure to take action.
SAME, CORRIDOR
Please wait, Milady!
I can't allow anyone past here, not even you!
Stand aside.
We can't do that, Milady.
I don't have time to waste speaking to fools.
SAME, SECRET LABORATORY
I've come for you, Junketsu.
Soroi!
How could you stand there and allow this to happen?!
Well, well, if it isn't Master Kuroido.
Lady Satsuki, your mother has expressly
forbidden the removal of that outfit.
Please return it at once.
I can't do that.
This won't do at all.
I am Takiji Kuroido, steward to the Kiryuin family,
KIRYUIN FAMILY STEWARD TAKIJI KUROIDO
and have been entrusted with the care of this manor in their absence.
Even if you are the young lady of the house,
I cannot allow such willful behavior.
Cannot allow it?
Who do you think you are talking to?
It's time for the lady of the house to get changed.
Leave me, you shameless fool.
Lady Satsuki, surely you don't mean to try to wear the Kamui!
For me, there is no try.
All that I do is an inevitable step to fulfill my ambition.
But if you put that on now,
there is no guarantee you will survive it!
Calm yourself!
Clothing exists to be worn!
Come, Junketsu.
This red blood is the eternal vow between you and I.
The red thread of our covenant!
Lady Satsuki!
Hold your tongues and watch!
ASK NOT THE SPARROW HOW THE EAGLE SOARS
Ask not the sparrow how the eagle soars!
All you do is nothing more than
the shallow thinking of little people!
No one on this Earth can do something before Satsuki Kiryuin!
Even a Kamui is a mere garment!
And I... will make it bow to my will!
Okay, bedtime, bedtime, bedtime!
Yes, let's, Dad!
If we stay up, the power bill goes up
and you get hungry again, so sleeping's the only way to go!
You got that right, Dad!
Good night!
I'm sorry, I only have Mako's hand-me-downs.
T-Thank you, ma'am.
I'm surrounded by these loafers and deadbeats,
so I'd be thrilled to have a girl like you around.
I really appreciate it...
Mako says that you saved her from a pummeling by
the Tennis Club this time,
becoming essentially naked in the process.
Not essentially. More like pretty much.
Ryuko, are you a... you know?
Do you enjoy putting your naked body on display?
No, it's not like that at all! It's pretty embarrassing!
In fact, I hate to get undressed in front of people.
Yeah, you'd never be wear a getup like that if you didn't enjoy it!
I wanna try it, too!
Mom! The toilet's clogged again!
It's in one ear and out the other with this whole family.
I'll be right there. What's stuck in it?
My
Oopsie!
It seemed strange you went to bed so early! It was to peep on me?!
That was the plan!
Oh, wow! You look great!
You look so good in pajamas!
Cut it out.
What's wrong?
The surface, it feels rough.
Ew, this uniform has goose bumps!
It has goose bumps?
Doesn't it feel like it?
What the hell?
What's wrong, Ryuko? Didn't get enough sleep?
I couldn't sleep because it felt like something bad was going to happen.
Satsuki Kiryuin!
You've come, Ryuko Matoi.
Here you are, going to the trouble of waiting for me.
What brought this on?
It was you who said that when next we met,
you would settle matters once and for all, remember?
How very conscientious of you.
Mako, stand back.
'Kay! Like they say, having your health, that's the important thing!
Rejoice, Ryuko Matoi.
You will be the first offering to my Junketsu.
Junketsu...
Purity? Is there anything about you that's pure?
Allow me to show you.
Life Fiber Override, Kamui Junketsu!
KAMUI JUNKETSU
What the hell?!
That's right, this is my Junketsu.
You aren't the only one in possession of a Kamui.
Uh-oh. Little Miss Satsuki went and
brought something dangerous to Show and Tell.
Let's do it, Senketsu!
The reason you were afraid
yesterday is because you sensed that thing?
Ryuko, I feel I should warn you.
Your opponent is more powerful than you are.
Gee, thanks for your concern.
This blast of wind is from just their willpower?
Incredible!
It's impressive, I'll admit.
But if you lose mentally, it's all over!
Be careful.
You should avoid blood loss as much as possible.
You'll lose consciousness more quickly.
You don't have to tell me that!
Magnificent!
Truly fantastic... This is the power of a Kamui!
You have all this power at your disposal,
and that is all you can do with it, Matoi?!
What did you say
If that's the case, you're nothing but a mindless
lump of flesh squeezed into that Kamui!
Then what are you?!
I'm nothing like you!
I've already mastered the art of wearing my Kamui!
Of wearing Junketsu!
This is bad, Ryuko.
If this keeps up, you'll pass out from blood loss in five minutes.
Is that all you ever talk about?
Stop drinking so much blood, then!
I cannot be donned by you unless I drink your blood.
What?
When you wear me and
I am put on by you, that is when the power manifests.
But you have yet to put me on.
I'm wearing you right now!
You're drinking my blood and I'm dying of embarrassment!
What more do you want from me?!
Don't get worked up.
That outburst just cost you 15 seconds.
That's it, I'm done...
Senketsu... Why?
How pathetic.
The Kamui saved you from passing out from blood loss?
But in a dormant Kamui, you may as well be naked.
I'm not sure how I feel about
being laughed at by you in that exhibitionist getup...
Exhibitionist? Nonsense!
This is the form in which a Kamui is able to unleash the most power!
The fact that you are embarrassed by
the values of the masses only proves how small you are!
If it means fulfilling her ambitions,
Satsuki Kiryuin will show neither shame
nor hesitation, even if she bares her breasts
for all the world to see!
My actions are utterly pure!
Like I thought, Satsuki is on a whole other level.
I'd better
Get naked, Ryuko!
I can say beyond a doubt that
you are not inferior to Lady Satsuki!
Your boobs are bigger than hers!
I saw them!
That Ryuko, she's got a great rack!
My whole family was talking about them!
So don't be embarrassed!
Just rip it off and get naked!
Get... naked?
What nonsense is this?!
Your immaturity causes people to spout garbage!
You have disappointed me utterly, Matoi!
What?!
It ain't nonsense!
It ain't nonsense at all!
Ryuko!
Yeah.
I finally get it now. I need to get naked.
Putting on a Kamui means becoming one with you!
It means you becoming my skin!
That's what it means to master wearing you!
Isn't that right, Senketsu?!
Yes! That's exactly right!
Life Fiber Synchronize, Kamui Senketsu!
KAMUI SENKETSU
She's fast!
I feel it! This is the real you, Senketsu!
This is our power, mine and yours.
The reason you were drinking so much blood
is because I was rejecting you out of embarrassment!
The more my heart was closed,
the more you yearned for a blood connection!
That's what happened, right?!
As you are now, the blood I just drank is more than sufficient!
You are wearing me, and I have been put on by you!
Senketsu!
Let's do it!
Scissor Blade! Decapitation Mode!
SCISSOR BLADE DECAPITATION MODE
This fight has finally become interesting.
Now you're going to tell me, Satsuki Kiryuin!
Was it you who killed my father?!
What good will knowing that do you?
I don't know!
But not knowing who did it, it just doesn't sit right!
I have nothing to say to someone as devoid of aspirations as you!
The way you talk pisses me off!
That is totally fine with me!
I'm gonna crush them.
What?
I don't know what you're thinking, but I'm gonna
take all that lofty crap you spout about ambition and aspirations,
and crush every last one of'em.
That oughta loosen your lips a little.
How amusing.
You're going to crush my ambitions, are you?
Honnouji Academy is my kingdom!
If you say you will topple it all by yourself,
then I accept your challenge!
Beginning tomorrow, all clubs will be after your head!
Do you still think you can win?
You bet your ass I do.
As you wish.
Then defeat each and every student who comes after you!
If you do, then Junketsu and I will face you again.
And if I win, you're gonna tell me everything.
We're agreed, then.
You're on.
Forcing Matoi and the students to fight?
What's that little lady thinking?
NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
Hey everybody, if you're watching stuff like anime this late at night,
STUFF LIKE ANIME
TOMORROW MORNING
tomorrow morning will be rough!
ROUGH
In order not to be late tomorrow, stake your life on commuting to school.
COMMUTE
STAKE YOUR LIFE
STAKE YOUR LIFE
Next time on Kill la Kill, Dawn of a Miserable Morning.
EPISODE 4 DAWN OF A MISERABLE MORNING
EPISODE 4 DAWN OF A MISERABLE MORNING
