Lady Pandora.
The Age of Order is nearly upon us.
You must not allow the Age of Chaos to end.
That would be the beginning of the end.
The Mage Academy will do everything it can to prevent it.
The time has come, yes?
The Imperial Army has positioned itself atop a hill outside Eramu.
What should we do?
Tell the guards to release it.
Wouldn't that be far too dangerous?
If it wasn't dangerous, there wouldn't be any point in sending it out, would there?
Understood. I will notify the guards.
You're using something rather vicious, aren't you?
Before you can defeat the Imperial Army, Eramu could be wiped out first.
Pandora's principles are absolute.
In order to uphold it, we must do whatever it takes.
So I have to conquer that city?
Yes.
If we get close to the castle walls, we'll be exposed to those catapults.
We can't avoid casualties, huh?
The Haman forces will take the vanguard. And I'd like Sir Alexis to take command.
Understood.
Very well.
What about us?
This time, the Sievis army will be the ace in my sleeve.
When the time comes, I'll be counting on you.
Leave it to me.
Begin the advance!
We're going to conquer Eramu!
All right.
Time to see how Sir Alexis plans to attack.
What?
That's...
the one-eyed giant, Cyclops.
What did you say?
It's a legendary monster that once led a tribe of giants in an assault on Eramu.
I heard the Mages made significant sacrifices to neutralize it,
and had it sealed away far below the earth for research purposes.
What are they...
Are they undoing the Cyclop's seal?
So? How will we defeat that?
You're planning to fight it?
We wouldn't stand a chance!
It would be suicidal.
But a Mage is all about finding ways to deal with such things, right?
We're going to do it no matter what I say, aren't we?
Aren't there any records of how Eramu managed to defeat that giant?
There are.
They burned its eye with a ray mirror.
What if we shot arrows at the eye?
That eye is harder than it looks, and records show that it deflected all kinds of arrows.
The ray mirror was used not for the surface,
but burned the area behind it, and succeeded in blinding it.
Then, looks like we can't do anything, huh?
But luckily, my contracted Mage is skilled at light-based magic.
Right. Understood.
I don't want to lose to Siluca, either.
Let's bring down that giant all by ourselves.
That's what I like to hear.
Sir Lassic will what?
Doing so would be beyond reckless!
Let's have him refrain.
Even if I stop him, Lassic will do it anyway.
If we sent in a huge force, we could probably defeat that giant.
But then we'd take considerable damage.
And that would hurt us going into tonight's battle.
That's why Lassic is determined to defeat it by himself.
I do appreciate how Sir Lassic feels.
However, he is someone very important to you, Sir Theo.
And he will be indispensable to us going forward.
That's exactly why I can't stop him.
If I did, it would mean that I didn't believe in him.
I am honored to bear witness to your deeds, Count of Sievis!
I'll divert its attention.
Why should you put yourself in danger, Sir Lassic?
- It's a matter of pride. - Huh?
Theo's made one miracle after another, and now he's emperor.
I want my own deeds of arms,
so that future generations will mention me in the same breath as the First Emperor, Theo!
All your accomplished deeds until now should suffice.
Looks like he noticed us.
Look after my horse!
O' Crest!
Disperse!
Stick to the plan!
We're counting on you.
The heavens are transparent.
But at times, they can bend, distort, and warp the path of light.
Gracq!
The hell you will!
Sir Lassic!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Moreno!
Shine!
My spear!
Take this!
Come on!
Sir Lassic!
Thank goodness.
We'll talk later!
Where's Gracq?
His heart has stopped.
I see.
This isn't the giant's belly.
Gracq! You...
Captain!
You're alive?
Yeah. When my body turns into steel, my brain and lungs stop moving, too.
Although they start moving again once I turn back into flesh.
But, where's the giant?
Sir Lassic defeated it!
Three cheers for Sir Lassic!
Sir Lassic, the Giant Slayer!
All right.
Now all we have to defeat is that one!
Siege tower...
Advance.
O' will-o'-the-wisp.
O' flames.
Commence attack!
Shoot all the fire that you have!
More! And more!
All right! Well run through the castle gates, firing along the way!
Stop the attack! We're retreating!
That's our Fleeing Count!
Fire!
Damn it, where are they firing from?
What's going on?
Don't let them get any closer!
Load the Crest Bullets.
My grandfather, Jurgen Kreische, formed the Knights-at-Arms
in order to conquer Eramu, and raised the dragoon's battle flag.
Fire!
Damn it!
Artillery unit, return fire!
We can't go on any further! The gun barrels won't hold!
Shut up! Just keep firing!
As long as we have this palace, we're invincible, aren't we?
Lady Eudokia, cannons are not all-powerful.
If you keep firing beyond their capacity, they end up exploding.
Joachim.
You were absolutely right.
For the day to come where the Waldlind knights have my back.
What's going on? Are any of the cannons intact?
Where did they come from?
I am the king of Bulltava, Petr Moldva.
If you have any intention of surrendering, relinquish your weapons.
Those who refuse to comply will be killed.
Lady Marrine, it looks like the king of Bulltava has seized the castle gates.
Cease fire!
My dear cousin...
The main gate has been breached!
I'd anticipated that.
Even if this city should fall, as long as we kill Emperor Theo Cornaro,
the Lords will become divided, and the era of strife will continue.
Eventually, the heir to Pandora's principles will appear to restore the Academy to glory.
The catapults at the castle gate have fallen silent.
That's thanks to all of the Lords fulfilling their respective roles.
Would you like to order an invasion on the city?
Let's seize every district in Eramu, and expel anyone who resists.
However, in the name of the Emperor, I forbid any acts of violence or looting towards civilians.
Let everyone know that any offenders will be severely punished.
Understood.
Let's move out as well.
It was agonizing to just stand back and watch.
That's your role as emperor.
If anything should happen to you, that alone would become our defeat.
I understand.
And I've been entrusted with Priscilla's Holy Grail, too.
I have to protect it.
What's going on?
This is...
The Forest of Eternal Darkness!
What just happened?
I can only think of one reason.
We must've been invited.
By the Vampire King...
Dimitrie.
CASTLE WALLS
EPISODE 24 GRANCREST
