A raid is a large-scale battle
with many adventurers, instead of the usual party of six.
The most common type is called a Full Raid,
Full Raid
and involves twenty-four players, in four groups of six.
It comes with all the fun of a large-scale battle.
A raid requires more than high levels and good equipment.
You must analyze the opponent and form a plan,
and players must work together to carry out that plan.
You aren't just a random group of people.
The most important element is your willingness to trust
your companions with your lives.
That means we'll need people.
I know a place we could go.
You can't mean...
Susukino
Susukino Japan Server Susukino City/ No Monsters No PVP Entry Restrictions/ None Exit Restrictions/ None
The capital of the Ezzo Empire, and the defensive base against the giants.
This is the fortress city of Susukino.
No guards, huh?
They've gotten lax.
Things change in six months.
A lot of things.
Well, good luck, Shiro.
Yeah.
You, too.
The Outlaw and Mithril Eyes
The Outlaw and Mithril Eyes.
Silver Sword Guild Hall Japan Server Susukino Separate Zone/ No Monsters No PVP Entry Restrictions/ None Exit Restrictions/ None
Well, here's an unusual guest.
William Massachusetts Race/ Elf Assassin, Lv. 95 Silver Sword Guild Master
It's been a long time, William Massachusetts.
Call me William...
Mr. Shiroe?
Shiroe is fine.
Along with D.D.D. and the Black Sword Knights,
Silver Sword is one of Akihabara's big combat guilds.
When the Round Table was formed,
they were asked to be one of the participating guilds, but...
Let those who care about the city solve its problems.
Regardless, we aren't interested.
Do it without us.
They moved their base here, to Susukino, in search of more difficult raids.
Which means that no one's paying attention to them.
Right now, he's the only one I can ask.
I've come with a request for you,
as the Silver Sword guild master.
Understood. I'm in.
A man's come all the way out to the ends of the North to ask for my help.
Wouldn't it be rude to wait to hear what he wanted?
Thanks.
Well?
I'm requesting your participation in a full raid.
In a new raid zone at the lowest level of the Depths of Palm.
It's a full raid, so only twenty-four adventurers can go in at once.
We can't rely on numbers.
Then we'll have to go in to investigate it.
Already done.
Oh?
Look at this!
What a surprise.
That's enough for today.
Let's go back.
Right on.
Oh, my... There are monsters everywhere.
Orks' Jelly Rank/ Raid
The enemies are above level 80.
I believe it will be extremely difficult.
What types of enemies?
The ones we saw were slimes.
More than five meters in diameter.
The rest is only my guess,
but given the layout of the facility and the legends surrounding it,
I believe there's a large monster, either a giant or a phantom beast.
A giant? Convenient.
We're based in Susukino, so we're used to them.
But there are still problems.
Have you ever been to Susukino?
Yes, a few times.
I'd heard it had gotten dangerous after the Apocalypse.
Silver Sword's presence here is a big help.
Nothing like having a well-ordered combat guild around.
They aren't thugs like Brigandia.
I suppose those thugs must have wandered off somewhere.
What do you mean, problems?
Right now, we're shut down.
We don't have enough people.
Some members couldn't keep up with the raids.
And some people are still in the guild,
but they don't want to participate in any more large-scale fights.
In other words, they've retired.
They could do an easy raid,
but not a really rough one.
This one will be top-level difficulty, right?
We're up to level 95, but we can only take twenty people at most.
Is that because of your memories?
Oh, that story about how if you die, you lose your memories?
We don't believe idle gossip like that.
We aren't scared or anything, either.
Then why?
How many times have you died since then?
Since the Apocalypse?
No, not once.
I can't explain it to someone who doesn't understand.
When you die, you learn a lot...
That you suck, that you're petty, that you're lame.
If you die a hundred times, you learn that a hundred times.
It gets too painful to continue.
I'm amazed you had the guts to show yourself again here,
Shiroe the enchanter.
Demikas Race/ Human Monk, Lv. 93 Brigandia Guild Master
Will it be that easy to find companions?
It'll be up to Shiro's negotiating abilities,
but I'd like to find some backup candidates ourselves.
What criteria do you use?
Intuition, of course!
That's rather vague.
Maybe feeling would be a better way to put it.
It's pretty important.
Either way, I'll just slow you down.
You hold down the fort for a bit.
Oh, don't worry about me.
This town is developing rapidly, making it a worthy subject of study.
Nice panties!
I'm forced to agree.
You've got good taste.
Aw, you flatter me.
But, though I'm not too familiar with adventurer customs,
aren't those what they call hot pants?
Do they really merit the adoration given to panties?
It's fine.
If that's how you see them in your heart,
they're definitely pant
Are you okay?
Jerk
I guess that's enough for today.
I-It's a curse!
It's Akatsuki's curse!
What kind of phenomenon is that?
Can you give me the details?
Why does that make you happy?
Forget about that...
Help me!
Sorry, sorry.
They were just such beautiful curves!
If a beautiful girl like me scratched her face up,
it'd be a loss to boys everywhere!
She said it herself.
I think that's building yourself up a bit too much.
Man, you just get better and better.
My opinion of you keeps shooting up!
Thank you.
I won't get depressed!
She recovered!
I'm a bright star, shining in the night sky!
I'm the pretty-girl galactic idol, Tetra!
Call me Tetra!
Tetra, huh?
I guess you're cute,
Wink!
but you're so self-satisfied, I don't want to tell you that.
Wink! Wink!
Taking into account a variety of factors...
Chief among them,
volume!
Marie is the clear winner!
Uh, I mean...
Here.
Thanks.
Tetra Race/ Human Cleric, Lv. 92 Light Indigo
A level 92, like Shiro and me.
So she's had combat experience since the Apocalypse, huh?
She may actually work out.
Mister, no matter how pretty I am,
you're staring at me too much!
I am not!
Well, a girl like me puts out pheromones at all times, after all!
Pheromones! Pheromones!
If they're coming from the butt you're sticking out,
maybe they're fart-o-mones, not pheromones?
You're seriously awesome, old man.
You just keep hitting new highs!
Idols don't fart!
This skeleton guy is harsh, isn't he?
Skeleton?
Okay, the guy in the armor looks easier to deal with.
Get off me!
Nope! I love rubbing against guys as they freak out!
By the way, I hate it when guys rub against me.
So remember that.
I said get off me!
Okay, you pass.
Are you absolutely sure?
I told you, it's a feeling.
It's all right.
We're fine here.
Go take a break in the back.
That calm, arrogant attitude of yours hasn't changed a bit.
You haven't forgotten my name, have you, Shiroe?
It's been a long time, Mr. Democracy.
You bastard!
Step outside!
What will we do outside?
You know what!
Shut up, Demi.
He's my guest.
I don't care.
He's my
You lost, right?
You lost, didn't you?
Don't pick a fight over it now.
But...
I'll crush you again, Demikas.
You can't beat Shiroe anyway.
I've gotten some raid items since our last fight!
It's because you think equipment will help you beat him that you can't win.
Then let's test it.
Which do you like more? Hamburg steak or minced cutlet?
I like them both.
With lots of that demi-whatsits sauce.
I'll rip you apart, just like you want.
That isn't very nice, Mr. Deluxe.
You're deliberately screwing it up, aren't you?
Let me go, Mr. Tofu in Miso Sauce.
You little
And so, Brigandia lost half its members.
I'm sure you can see why, after he lost
to a cat swordsman who wasn't even in a guild.
His strategist, Londark, gave up on him and headed west, too.
Then, what happened to Demikas?
Demi-Demi and his whole guild work for Silver Sword now.
And that's how peace came back to Susukino.
I see.
And Demi-Demi's wife is so great!
His wife?! For real?
He's married? How enviable.
She's a noble with the People of the Land.
He kidnapped her to make her his servant,
but supposedly, he's totally in love with her now.
She's great cook, and Demi-Demi loves her Hamburg steak and minced cutlet.
That's hilarious!
I'm so jealous.
So he's gained quite a bit of pudge lately...
Oh.
Demi-Demi...
He stopped at the last second?
Not bad.
I've taken a lot harder ones than that.
Just try saying that again.
I'll jam a slime down your throat and feed you to a giant, you bitch Tetra.
Demi got mad.
I said get off me!
Naotsugu, who's that?
I found her lying around.
Perfect.
If you add that healer and Demi, that makes twenty-four.
If you want to fight something that badly,
you can settle your differences with Shiroe in a raid.
What are you talking about?
Got it, guys?
Yeah!
Okay, everyone's here, right?
Dinkuron Ukiyo Touko Race/ Elf Race/ Elf Race/ Elf Guardian, Lv. 94 Cleric, Lv. 95 Shrine Priest, Lv. 94 Silver Sword Silver Sword Silver Sword
Party 1!
Highland Sky Encartanto Azalea Race/ Wolf Fang Race/ Cat-man Race/ Half-Alv Swashbuckler, Lv. 94 Bard, Lv. 94 Summoner, Lv. 94 Silver Sword Silver Sword Silver Sword
Shiroe Vuoinen Federico Race/ Half-Alv Race/ Dwarf Race/ Fox Tail Enchanter, Lv.92 Druid, Lv. 94 Swashbuckler, Lv. 95 Log Horizon Guild Master Silver Sword Silver Sword
Party 2!
Demikas Tetra Naotsugu Race/ Human Race/ Human Race/ Human Monk, Lv. 93 Cleric, Lv. 92 Guardian, Lv. 92 Brigandia Guild Master Light Indigo Log Horizon
Audiso Boss Bolognese Hosoyuki Race/ Race of Ritual Race/ Cat-man Race/ Human Druid, Lv. 94 Assassin, Lv. 95 Summoner, Lv. 95 Silver Sword Silver Sword Silver Sword
Party 3!
Junzou William Massachusetts Pianissimo Race/ Wolf Fang Race/ Elf Race/ Elf Samurai, Lv. 95 Assassin, Lv. 95 Bard, Lv. 94 Silver Sword Silver Sword Silver Sword
Ragoumaru Kawatarou Nakai Prometheus Race/ Wolf Fang Race/ Human Race/ Elf Samurai, Lv. 95 Shrine Priest, Lv. 94 Sorcerer, Lv. 95 Silver Sword Silver Sword Silver Sword
Party 4!
Invertebrate@Akiba Pololocca Eltendiska Race/ Half-Alv Race/ Elf Race/ Elf Bard, Lv. 95 Sorcerer, Lv. 94 Assassin, Lv. 95 Silver Sword Silver Sword Silver Sword
Let's go!
Yeah!
Take care!
Otho Spirit Mountain Undersea Tunnel
Lyport Channel
Lyport Channel Japan Server Tsugaru Area Field/ Monsters Present PVP Permitted Skill Use Permitted Entry Restrictions/ None Exit Restrictions/ None
Take this!
Lightning Straight!
He's in high spirits.
That isn't what I'd call working together.
Don't run too far ahead on your own.
You guys are just slow!
Musclehead.
He hasn't put up a fuss about coming with us, though.
I knew William would be the commander,
but I didn't think we'd be walking.
I wanted to be a flying idol.
Right, right.
Not everyone has a griffon.
And I think William has some kind of plan.
We want to learn
the new members' personalities and habits before we get there, right?
But first, are we even functioning as a party?
I'm tired of walking.
Oh, well. I'll ride Naotsugu.
Don't use me as a vehicle.
You're such a tsundere. You know you love it.
I do not!
I'm a beautiful idol. What if my feet get callused?
I don't care.
The whole world would be sad.
The sun wouldn't rise for three days!
Then turn yourself into a snowman and roll everywhere.
Aren't you good at getting stuck in snow?
Now I'm mad!
This is so easy...
You little...
That's a warrior's life!
Wait!
Hey!
You guys really aren't worried, are you?
We're just happy-go-lucky. That's all.
Looks like he hasn't changed, though.
Honestly, that worries me.
But he came to the raid.
I'm sure he'll understand.
The other idiots and I did.
And if he can't, he simply isn't that good.
I can't wait!
I can't wait to rip things apart.
I hope we can finish it up this year.
Yeah.
There are all kinds of events around New Year's.
26 Days Until Christmas
I see.
Sounds like you're having a rough time, Naotsugu.
Yeah.
You okay?
That was the guy who was chasing Serara, right?
That demi-glace guy.
It's Demikas.
Well, William has an eye on him, so he'll be fine.
And his People of the Land wife has him on a leash, too.
Really? That's hilarious.
Oops.
How about food?
Are you eating nutritious stuff?
You want chicken, right?
It's crispy outside, and juicy inside!
In winter, chicken is delicious!
You're sure pushing chicken hard.
Well, you know...
Only twenty-six days until Christmas, right?
Yeah.
I just hope you can get back by then.
Well, you know...
I'll try my best, okay?
Bye.
Yeah, talk to you tomorrow.
Marie!
Having a cozy telepathy chat at a time like this?
Are you supposed to be a drama heroine?
Are you eventually going to say, Which is more important? Me or your work?
Your imagination's a bit too active.
We don't know where the Southern spies might be.
That's why we put strict rules in place
for talking with Shiroe and the others via telepathy.
And yet...
I know.
That's why the two of us decided to only talk once a day, at 9:00 at night.
Huh? Huh?
You don't need to say Huh? twice.
We're only discussing basic stuff.
I don't even know where Naotsugu is.
So you know?
They're about to start a raid, right?
It's live or die.
Well, they won't die...
They won't die, but they need a break, right?
I'm not going to get in their way.
It's also my job to be the liaison between the Crescent Moon Alliance and them.
I-It's work... Work.
Liaison, huh? Sure.
It's fine! Right?
Really, Marie, you're so...
I think I'm full, too.
I'm sure.
You just ate, right?
Why do I feel so defeated?
You stay here in Akihabara, Akatsuki.
I need to ask a favor that only you can do.
I want you to protect Princess Lenessia.
There are Southern spies in Akihabara.
The princess might be in danger,
so I am to protect her.
I understand that.
But...
I think his real goal is something else.
Um...
What is that?
A red bean bun.
Red bean bun?
Then, what are you drinking?
Roasted green tea.
Apple tea isn't to your taste?
Everyone knows red bean buns are best with roasted green tea.
Ah...
I don't understand.
It's difficult, isn't it?
It's been a long time since I came to this town.
But there are still so many things I don't understand.
How adventurers think, their customs...
This is just my personal taste.
There's nothing wrong with apple tea.
Thank you for your kindness.
This is a hard job...
Amenoma
Powerful phantasm-level items can only be acquired through raids.
Like my lord's griffon.
They're proof that you've survived a difficult battle with your friends.
Dew Blade - Byakumamaru
I've never done a raid.
Ringing Blade - Haganemushi
So the only weapons I can get for this class are those that I can buy.
But...
Tadara Race/ Dwarf Samurai, Lv. 90 Amenoma
Just so we're clear, I don't haggle.
It's a pain.
Dew Blade - Byakumamaru
Effect/ Dew Blade - Byakumamaru AoE, Cold Damage Legend/ Dew Blade - Byakumamaru The favorite sword of Rugrius, the hero of Ezzo who drove the giants to the Jade Garden. This blade freezes everything, and contains the rage of the hero who met his death at the betrayal of the Daughter of Elm, Sutu Inaw.
Price/ Dew Blade - Byakumamaru 118,000 gold Not Enough Gold
It's twice the value of everything I own!
I want to be stronger...
So this is the lowest level of the Depths of Palm...
I had no idea there was a zone like this.
This door really doesn't need to be that big.
It's in here, right, Shiroe?
Yeah.
It's finally time.
Shiroe...
I don't know what you're after, but I won't let it happen.
I'll rip apart all your wishes!
I'll change that stupid smirk of yours into a sob.
In the lowest level
of the Depths of Palm lies the raid zone, the Abyssal Shaft.
There, the full raid finally begins.
As the fierce battle rages,
Shiroe, William, and Demikas fight with their own thoughts in their hearts.
And in distant Akihabara, Akatsuki is uncertain.
Next time: The Path to the Abyss.
The Path to the Abyss
Rise up once more.
