Once, there was a Hero King
who brought peace to the world.
The Hero King herself, Adelaide-sama,
is going to tell us the story.
Let's listen, too.
Shinku and the others are late,
but let's get the story started!
Flognarde was once a place filled with
demons and dangerous wild animals.
The people lived in hiding to
Recollection: The Story of the Hero and the Princess
escape these natural threats.
the princess of Pastillage, back when it was still a monarchy.
the Hero Princess Clarifier.
Fi!
But the Hero who she summoned was a noble girl
who'd been locked up in a corner of the French countryside,
with problems of her own.
Well, that was me.
I was surprised, and uncertain, but...
You're the Hero Adelaide-sama, yes?
Thank you for coming.
I am the ruler of the Kingdom of Pastillage,
Clarifier.
And so I was taken to the castle.
There are many dangerous demons in the world,
and the people cannot live their lives in safety.
It's dangerous even to travel on the roads,
so the different countries
don't interact that much.
I want to make this a
better world for people to live in!
I want to exterminate a lot of
the demons to make our world bigger!
Of course, I can't force the people and soldiers to do that.
And I don't think I should.
So I'm planning on going on a trip to kill the demons!
You, personally?
That's right!
I want you to come with me, Hero.
I've never fought any demons,
so I don't know if I can help.
It'll be fine!
Pastillage has a divine weapon passed down through the generations, Gran Mars.
You're the Hero, so you should be able to use it.
I'm not sure I understand how it works,
but this gun is amazing.
Let's get our guardian equipment ready to go, too!
R-Right!
With this equipment
you won't be hurt that easily.
Th-This looks kind of cool, maybe.
Let's start going through the area around the castle, little by little.
Fi, are you really going?
Valerie...
Yes, I am!
I've tried to stop you a lot of times already.
I've told you to give up on fighting the demons.
I know.
But even so, this is what I want to do.
Hero, do you know Valerie?
The first day I came here, he peeked on me when I was in the bath!
That's not how it happened!
You just happened to be in there during my bath time!
Who is this guy?
My little brother,
the crown prince.
Valerie, this is the Hero!
So she's the Hero, huh?
Well, take good care of my sister.
If it gets dangerous, make sure you stop.
And so their adventure began.
The Hero Adel and Fi-sama
set off all ready to go, but...
That's them! The demons!
Oh my, they're cute!
My clothes!
The guardian equipment protected us!
Once it's all gone, we're in danger!
Attack!
Spirit Magic: Ruby Flare!
We did it!
Okay, we fixed our equipment, now let's fight the demons on the north side!
Okay, Princess!
H-Hey!
We won!
Yeah!
And so, while it was hard at first,
as we kept going, we got used to fighting the demons
and we started being able to fight powerful demons, but...
This demon is strong.
But we can't lose here!
Hina, I'll let you handle this!
Roger, brother!
Tenma Fuumetsu!
Good job, Hina. Well done.
Yeah.
You girls okay?
Who are you?
We just happened to be passing by.
And we just happen to be very strong.
We're on a journey looking for certain katanas.
You saw one back there, right?
The thing that was sticking out of that local mole god is called a cursed blade.
Creatures and local gods that touch a cursed blade transform into demons.
The goal of our journey is
to find them and seal them away.
And part of that job is saving the creatures and local gods
who touched them and turned into demons.
Um, would the two of you
please meet my little brother?
Cursed blades, huh?
I know them.
And I know where they are, mostly.
That's good to hear.
I research the history of the demons and this world.
Are you trying to wipe out the demons?
I just want to
find all the cursed blades.
There are people having trouble because of the demons all over right now.
I want to save them.
This is just a hypothetical, but...
Right now the demons are a big threat,
and the different countries don't really come into contact with each other.
Right now, there's neither the opportunity nor the time for humans to fight each other.
But if the demons were wiped out and the world
was at peace, what do you think would happen?
Then humans would start fighting each other.
Peaceful areas. Fertile areas. The best roads.
They would start fighting over who controls them.
That's why I think we're best off the way things are now.
I think we might be better off
just protecting our own.
That might be true.
It's the job of a king or a ruler to
keep the people from fighting.
Either way, we have to
keep finding the cursed blades.
Fi and Adel are going to continue their journey to fight the demons.
So it would make sense for us to go together.
So it would be really helpful if you told us more about
the cursed blades and the demons.
You're a really simplistic kid.
I'm not a kid! My name's Hina!
And you didn't listen to what I just said.
I did so!
Would you come with us, Valerie?
No.
I'm actually a little opposed to his coming with us.
Hina and I lost our home to demons.
When that happened, we both were soaked in demon blood.
That's probably why
she and I both can't die.
Hina hasn't grown at all since then.
Not yet, anyway.
There's so much we don't know about the demons.
We don't know what might happen.
Do the princess and the Hero
still want to continue their journey anyway?
I do.
I want to get rid of the threat of the demons so we can broaden our horizons.
I want to make everyone in the world smile!
What about you, Adel?
I don't really know much about
this world, or the demons,
but I love the people who live on this continent.
And more than anything I love Fi-sama,
the princess who called me here!
I want to help her wish come true!
I'm
satisfied with being her gun.
So I'm going to do whatever she decides.
Hero...
Of course, if there's anything dangerous or bad she tries to do,
I'll make sure to stop her.
Yeah.
You heard her.
What will you do, Valerie?
You've made it sound like I don't have a choice, you stupid kid.
My name is Hina!
The traveling swordsmith and anti-magic user, Isuca,
and the sword master, Hina.
Valerie, the demon researcher, and the princess, Fi,
and the Hero, Adel.
We would defeat the demons to liberate towns and roads,
and help countries that were hurt by the demons,
bringing nation and nation together.
We spent a long time traveling over deserts, volcanoes,
and the ends of glaciers, all over the world.
We fought Kleitos, the descendant of the True Dragons,
and afterwards became his friend.
And we became stronger after
the creation of my Hero Crystal and Fi's spirit crystal.
We went all the way above the clouds to find
a legendary blade that could seal demons.
This is a big one!
Yeah! Let's go, Adel!
Right, Valerie!
At some point, we became famous enough
that we were known all around the world.
We defeated over 2,000 demons,
and Valerie's research advanced.
Many roads were opened,
and the various nations began to interact with one another.
The people's lives became much better.
Around this time,
wars between humans began to start,
but the princess put together an organization.
the Continental Treaty Committee.
It's a symbol of Flognarde's peace
that continues to this day.
That's a wonderful story.
Yeah.
So our ancestors lived through a time like that, huh?
Come to think of it, that was when people
stopped seeing the researcher, Valerie.
Why was that?
I had to continue my research into demons.
For research purposes,
I raised and kept lots of demons.
And so I decided it would be more convenient to
call myself a Demon King and go underground.
I'd started being a Demon King as a joke,
but eventually I started to get really into it.
Playing with people who'd heard the rumors of the Demon King and come to defeat him
and teaching rulers who'd forgotten about the threat of
the demons and dragons and gotten a little too cocky.
Thanks to the research of the Demon King Valerie,
I um...
I was able to grow up,
little by little.
But even after the world was at peace,
Fi kept up her journey to defeat the demons.
Let's retire from demon hunting.
You have your job as a king to do.
You've had me handle all your government duties lately...
That's fine.
If something happens to me,
I want you to take care of Pastillage!
Don't even say that!
I called you here for my own selfish reasons,
and I can't even send you back home.
I've always regretted that.
I've told you this many times before...
There's nobody back home
who'll be sad or bothered if I'm gone.
I was happy I was able to
come here, and be with you.
I was able to help everyone.
to be called a Hero...
to be surrounded by people's smiles.
It's because you called me!
It's because you were
courageous enough to stay by my side.
I was so happy when
you said you'd be my gun.
But from now on,
I want you to live your own life.
I'd had a feeling this would happen.
Fi was a user of spirit and healing magic,
which made her especially vulnerable to the poison the demons put out.
The morning after we'd spoken,
she left like always...
There was no sign of her for two weeks,
and then she showed up barely able to move.
I'm back.
She'd defeated a demon possessed by a cursed blade in Northern Villand,
the Poison Dragon of the Ice Wall, all alone.
She went to sleep, and then...
Valerie told me that during our journey
Fi had realized how much longer
she had to live.
Even if I'd stayed put,
I wouldn't have lasted that much longer.
I decided I'd rather keep going towards
the world I dreamed of,
instead of quitting my journey midway and extending my life for no good reason.
And just like I'd dreamed of,
the world is so much bigger now.
I was able to help the world take
a step closer towards peace.
I don't regret it at all.
was happy.
And so
the Hero Princess, Clarifier Einz Pastillage, went into a long slumber,
never to be forgotten
in the history of Flognarde.
Pastillage became a dukedom
instead of a monarchy.
Valerie and I slowly began to
disappear from the people's eyes.
We watched the children who were born set out on their own,
and then watched our grandchildren be born.
After that, we decided to sleep in the same place Fi did.
Isuka and Hina have continued their journey ever since.
I met Yukikaze after
my brother and I split up to
continue our journeys separately.
And when Shinku and Couver touched the monument,
we awoke, and that's how we got where we are now.
We were able to see that our descendants are doing well,
and the world is at peace.
We're happy, of course,
and I'm sure Fi is, too.
But of course, the current peace isn't going to last forever.
There's no guarantee
that a Hero will come save you when you fall.
I want you to not forget that.
Right!
This ended up taking a lot of time.
Let's take a break.
Bring some more tea.
Sorry!
We're late!
Um, is the story...
It's all over!
You three are so late!
Well, I've told Millihiore and Shinku
a little of it before...
The Heroes and the princesses are all happy now.
Please keep watching over us, Fi.
My ancestor's story was so moving!
I'm still watching over the happiness of my descendants.
The Star Whale in the Sky Sea
See you next time, too, okay?
