Let's go!
How dare you burn down our village!
You won't get away with that!
Wolves!
What's this smoke?
Curse you!
Revenge for the Earl of Altirk!
I'll beat you all down!
It's the Black Prince.
Retreat! Disperse, and flee into the forest!
I won't let you escape!
Forget about me and run!
Go back to the castle, and help Sir Theo!
Altirk forever!
No need to chase them.
The detached unit was routed by the witches.
We'll regroup, and resume our advance.
This area appears to be a maze.
How impudent!
The path's diverging in different directions.
They must be using this thorny undergrowth to open and shut the pathway.
Is this Theo's aim?
His plan is probably to toy with our men, and split us up.
Cunning of him. Just keep heading toward the castle.
As you wish.
They're here, huh?
Being desert people, they must have had a hard time navigating this Demonic territory's forest.
Theo Cornaro! Come out from there!
I'll take you on in a duel!
It's been a long time, Prince of Dartania, Milza Kuches!
I've won this battle.
You should leave this forest right now.
When night falls, this forest's appearance changes even more.
It begins to writhe in search of human blood.
Then be holed up in that castle forever!
In the meantime, I'll eliminate every nation in the Altirk Treaty!
All forces, retreat!
I thought that he'd attack.
Telius Savoie.
He wasn't all that proficient at magic, but he was brilliant at military strategy.
Meaning that his scheme wasn't botched, rather it was taken out of his hands?
If that's the case...
The next battle will be grueling.
Yes.
Damn that Theo Cornaro!
The Forest of Eternal Darkness is Demon territory.
It's not a suitable station for a military force.
Theo Cornaro only has two choices available to him.
One is to return his troops to Bulltava.
And the other?
To emerge from the Forest of Eternal Darkness, and attack this castle.
If he does that, he'll be playing right into my hands.
This time I'll obliterate him!
What would you think of sending troops to Regalia?
To the south? Why?
To show the Altirk Treaty Lords that our forces are still powerful,
and to ward off an assault from the south.
At the same time, we will attempt to draw out Theo Cornaro.
I see. So as soon as Theo comes sauntering out, we'll rush back and vanquish him, eh?
Exactly.
Sounds good. Start your preparations at once.
Yes, sir!
We were outmaneuvered in the Forest of Eternal Darkness.
Siluca Meletes. That won't happen this time!
What did you say?
Understood. Thanks.
Sir Theo, Milza has invaded Regalia with 7,000 men in tow.
Does that mean he's ignoring us?
Milza is probably trying to lure you out.
I see. So he wants to crush us on the ground once we emerge from the forest.
But right now, I think we should go along with his scheme.
Now that morale is high after our victory in the Forest of Eternal Darkness, we can't let this go.
We must seek aid from the citizens of Altirk.
So I'll have to command a volunteer army again?
Milza will curse me when we meet.
When I liberated Sistina, I called on the people to rise up.
I may have put an end to the Rossini's reign, but many people lost their lives in that battle.
Sir Theo, I believe that you can hear the people's silent voices.
And it's you who puts them into words.
I suppose.
Let's head to Castle Unicorn in full force!
The citizens of Altirk haven't accepted Dartania's rule. There's no question.
Right. Though I do feel that attacking Castle Unicorn would be reckless.
If you feel that way, then come join us in Altirk right now.
That can't happen just yet.
Couldn't you just not emerge from the Forest of Eternal Darkness?
If Sir Theo does nothing while Dartania attacks Regalia,
the citizens of Altirk will be disheartened, and they won't rise up for us.
You're right.
Our only window of opportunity to attack Castle Unicorn is now, while Milza is away.
If Milza returns before our forces can assemble, it'll become a painful battle for us.
In other words, we just need to buy you some time?
That's exactly right.
Very well. Then I'll have Sir Selge buy you that time.
I have a strategy in mind.
Allow me to report, sir!
A white flag has been hoisted over the Regalian castle.
What's going on?
Apparently, the Earl of Regalia and his younger brother, Viscount Igor, have slipped out of the castle.
What?
Perhaps it's a ploy to draw us out by pretending to have fled?
People had begun rioting and looting inside the castle.
Also, we've captured the Earl of Regalia's contracted mage.
It seems she'd been left behind.
He left his contracted mage behind?
So he really ran away?
Even though Theo Cornaro was recently victorious over us?
Selge Constance.
No wonder he's known as the Fleeing Earl.
This just means that Theo isn't a Lord worthy of Selge's trust.
In Selge's eyes, Theo is a wandering Lord who Villar took in.
What should we do?
We can't leave things as-is.
Eventually, Lassic David, the king of Sievis, will arrive with reinforcements to reclaim the fortress.
I'll prepare to subjugate them immediately.
Will you give me a week, sir?
Not fast enough. Do it in five days.
Understood.
What's going on here?
Impossible.
Is that Theo Cornaro?
Did he actually sacrifice Regalia to buy himself some time?
Still, to think that he gathered this many soldiers in a short time.
So he still has his one skill of being able to exhort the masses.
I don't care how enormous his army may be. After all, it's only a ragtag force!
We'll clash with them head on, and obliterate them!
Please wait a minute.
Since we left some troops in Regalia, we're down to 5,000 now.
Meanwhile, Theo appears to have close to 50,000.
Let us return to the impregnable Castle Unicorn, and wait for reinforcements to arrive.
What did you say?
It would be foolish to battle under such unfavorable circumstances.
We must summon reinforcements from Waldlind, Starck, and Dartania.
The final battle can wait until after we've gathered sufficient troops!
Are you telling me to flee into the castle without fighting a single battle?
I beg you, please restrain yourself.
I'm going to trust you.
Thank you very much.
Theo Cornaro has surrounded Castle Unicorn with a huge army?
Yes. Furthermore, all the Altirk Treaty Lords and their troops
are assembling under the command of Lassic, king of Sievis.
Well, the Earl of Le Couleurs is being more persistent than we thought.
If by chance that Milza is defeated,
that will leave Waldlind under attack from both the north and the south.
I'll go to Milza's aid with 3,000 of my knights.
Theo Cornaro is a dangerous Lord.
Left unchecked, who knows how big of a threat he'll become.
Considering Prince Milza's situation, I believe that a force of that size would be insufficient.
And we do need to prepare for Earl Le Couleurs.
That's the most I can offer.
Surely there will be reinforcements from Dartania as well.
I want you to strongly urge Lady Ulrica to go to his aid.
That lame Milza! After all that blustering, look at him now!
We've received a request from Lady Marrine to provide Sir Milza with reinforcements.
Not until we've subjugated Haman.
If we're late joining the battle, we'll be viewed negatively.
We can take care of Haman in three days.
After plundering Starck, and taking everything from Haman,
we'll have stockpiled plenty of funds and food!
I'll keep seizing territories and court ranks like there's no tomorrow!
Because it's not Marrine who'll be emperor, but my father Erik!
A report came in that a fleet from Nord is closing in on us.
After taking so much from me, their final move is to rob me of my lands?
The coffers are empty now.
And the only decent clothes I have is this one dress that my husbands gave me.
Sollas... Joachim..
The men who I loved put their lives on the line to fight for me and for Haman.
But it looks like I'll lose everything after all.
That's not a foregone conclusion just yet.
Starck has brought along 2,000 slave soldiers.
I hear that a Lord serving under the Earl of Sistina has infiltrated their ranks.
A Lord, doing a Shadow-like job?
It's Sir Juzel, the head of the Rossini family, former rulers of Sistina.
We'll work with him, and get the slave soldiers on our side.
Is that possible?
The slaves' discontent in Starck has been growing, and I hear the situation is becoming critical.
So we'll appeal to them by announcing a major slave uprising has broken out in Starck.
We've arranged to have Sir Juzel respond to that.
But Haman is a small nation.
Even if we get every slave to ally with us, I don't see us winning.
I'd like to follow the Earl of Sistina, and have the citizens work with us.
After all, they do know that you've emptied the nation's coffers in order to protect them.
They probably see me as a pathetic ruler who can't do anything else.
The Lords and the soldiers have probably lost faith in me by now.
That's not true!
Everyone here admires how uninhibited you are!
If you make a move, Haman will unite, and fight the Nords with us.
- Do you really think so? - Of course I do!
And to have it become more certain,
Lady Eudokia, would you please remove those clothes you're wearing?
What do you mean?
Haman's Lords and soldiers have assembled in the courtyard of the royal palace.
You'll remove that dress in front of them,
and exemplify that our country's wealth has been depleted,
and get them to determine that to protect our lands and people, the only option is to fight.
Are you telling me to get naked in public?
You still have a very attractive physique.
I'm certain that your Lords, your soldiers, and your people will all be inspired.
If I give up right now,
I won't be able to face my husbands, who gave their lives for both me and Haman.
I, too, will be accompanying you.
Are you sure?
If I were to go out there wearing clothes, it won't be convincing to request their resolve.
Lady Eudokia.
Selam.
Selam!
I have relinquished everything to the people of Nord.
The coffers are now empty, and I no longer have any fortune to dispose of.
Yet they're still trying to rob us.
Of our nation's territories, and its people.
But those are things I will not give them!
Towards that end, I will gladly give up my life, the last thing that remains!
I don't believe it.
For Lady Eudokia!
I'll give my life for you!
For you!
We will fight by your side, Lady Eudokia!
Now then, let's go!
What's that?
What in the world is that?
We, the people of Haman, have given you everything we have!
But we will not become your slaves!
Even if it means losing our lives, we will choose freedom!
That's pretty defiant for someone who's naked.
To the people of Starck.
A full-scale uprising will soon explode in your homeland.
It won't be long before Starck is liberated.
And so there's no longer any reason for you to obey the Nords!
- What kind of nonsense is - She's absolutely right!
Who was that?
Look at the queen of Haman!
That's the state we, the people of Starck, find ourselves in now!
Robbed of all we own, we might as well be buck naked!
Shut up!
Somebody shut that guy up!
But the queen is ready to give her life to protect her people's freedom!
The opponents we should be fighting
are not the brave citizens of Haman, but the plunderers from Nord!
Let's follow the queen!
For freedom!
Sound the horn!
Both the Haman army and the slave soldiers,
kill them all!
Lady Ulrica, I've received word that a slave rebellion has broken out all across Starck!
Come, let us fight!
For freedom!
- That's not possible! - Please fall back.
It's all lies concocted by the Haman queen!
If it is true, our retreat will be cut off, and we'll be annihilated!
Let me go! If I let this happen, I can't look at my father in the eye!
Everyone, evacuate! Return to your ships! We're retreating to Starck!
Don't decide stuff without me! I refuse to run away!
Where the hell are the reinforcements?
Lady Marrine is on her way here with 3,000 Waldlind Knights under her command.
If we launch an assault from the castle when they arrive,
I believe we can weaken the position of Theo's army.
Look at that.
Worker Ant Petr?
He built that in less than a day?
That's not all.
The enemy has established a stronghold.
Even if the Margrave of Waldlind comes to back us up, it won't be that easy to join us.
If Lady Marrine is killed...
Both Dartania and Lady Ulrica are sending us reinforcements.
Therefore...
Have you been able to contact them?
Actually, not yet...
There were some battles I couldn't win, but I've never once lost.
And yet now, I'm on the brink of defeat for the first time.
And with this single defeat, I could lose everything.
Vexing as it may be, right now all I can do is trust that my allies will come.
OUTPOST
Reporting!
The army of Lassic, king of Sievis, has arrived!
They have about 30,000 soldiers!
EPISODE 17 TWO HEROES
