To Mr. Junichi Katsuragi
I empathize with you. You were right about the way things are, but we should stand up for ourselves. And so, I have decided to form a publishing company together with a few of our comrades joining forces. I would like you to see it as the same battle but in a new form, and hope you will join me in this endeavor. I want to talk to you about this face to face.
- Arita
- Arita
What should I do?
I forget what I was like before I met you
The wind caresses my cheek
JLullaby of BirdlandJ
Kick my heels going down the slope
As my worthless shadow grows
It's like an endless summer vacation
Feels like sneakin' into the swimming pool
Hey, let's swim with our clothes on, jump in!!
A shocking seductive spiral
This beat that pierces my heart is strange
(It flares up, then vanishes)
Every miserable day is swell,
dress it up
A high-speed swing surrounds us
(What's this dance called? I can't stop)
Don't you go, it's twined around my ears
and won't leave me ever again
This melody...
A Christmas party?!
And we can go, too?!
Of course. It's next Sunday.
We'll be there!
Since it's an Olympus party, will you play guitar for us?
Well, if you've got a request...
Ri-chan, are you coming to the Christmas party, too?
You can go with Nishimi-san, right?
I'm not really part of that group, so I'll pass.
Sorry, I can't make it. There's a Christmas party at the church on Sunday.
Then Kawabuchi-kun is going to that, too?
Yeah.
We should've checked before...
Maruo-kun. If you don't mind, I think I'd like to go to the party after all.
Really?!
I never thought you'd agree to come, Nishimi-kun.
Like this, little by little, it's best to put some distance between us.
I'm sure of it...
Hey!
You're late, Richie-baby!
H-Hi...
Alright! Next we'll play the Spiders.
What about the Beatles?!
Let's go with Bang Bang Bang!
Nishimi-san, how about some cider?
Sure.
Feigning innocence, bang bang bang!
Bang bang, bababababababa-bang!
He's someone I can't beat!
Bang bang, bababababababa-bang!
Come on, Nishimi-san, let's sing together!
I don't really know the popular songs...
I wonder what he's doing right now...
Maybe he's talking to Ri-chan at the church?
I go to a party and all I do is think about those two...
I feel like a fool...
Kaoru-san?
Ri-chan...
Why are you here? I thought you were going to church...
Yeah. The church's Christmas party is over.
He isn't here with you?
Does he have to be?
Um... He went home with the little ones.
I see...
It's cold, isn't it?
Yeah.
Hey, come on!
I got you, baby!
Come to think of it, it's almost his birthday, isn't it?
I hope you finish in time.
Why...?
Why do you say things like that?
You're wrong!
This is for...
Never mind! Kaoru-san, you're an idiot!
What did I do this time?
I don't know.
It's hard to understand women.
Why did I lose my temper like that?
I'm the one who rejected Kaoru-san in the first place.
Even if I finished knitting this, there's no way I'd be able to give it to him.
I'm relieved.
You're safe for now Yurika, but let me tell you something...
I know. You're going to tell me not to see him, right?
You don't have to keep repeating yourself.
Chet... no!
Chet!
Sentaro... What are you doing here?
What am I...? I've been waitin' for you.
W-Why are you acting so formal?
Ri'ko...
I'm sorry.
I never realized how you felt'til now.
I may have said dumb things an' hurt you...
I'm sorry. But... um... how can I put it...?
But about your feelings, I, uh...
Sentaro, why are you suddenly on your best behavior?
Stop it already. This isn't a yakuza movie.
Did I get it wrong?
Yeah. You got it wrong.
O-Oh, a misunderstanding. Sorry for talkin' so weird...
R-Right! We're like family. You made me nervous for a second there...
I-In that case, good.
We're like family, so I couldn't stand the thought of causin' you pain.
I'm glad I heard this now, and not a while back.
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm never going to tell a blockhead like you.
There's something I have to tell you.
I'm going back to Tokyo soon.
I probably won't see you again...
An upperclassman from my college is starting up his own publishing company
and he wants me to help him.
I plan on leaving soon after New Year's.
It's taken me a long time to get to this point,
but I owe it to you for making me think I should give going back one more try.
I'm grateful.
Idiot. I don't want to hear those words.
Just don't leave me...
But I can't bring myself to say that.
Not when he's finally trying to move forward.
Ritsuko-chan!
Yurika-san!
W-What are you doing?
Looking for something.
I carelessly threw something away that was important to me.
Hey, is that girl homeless?
Say, Ritsuko-chan...
Never mind me. Please, go on ahead.
A beautiful girl like you shouldn't be seen doing something like this, Yurika-san.
Ritsuko-chan...
I'll help you.
P-Please, don't!
It's something important, isn't it?
Yurika-san...
So... what am I looking for?
Here it is!
This is it, right?
Yes!
But I'll have to start over with clean yarn...
Is this going to be a present for someone?
Um...
Why did you throw away something so important?
I was confused.
I suddenly felt stupid for knitting a gift that I'd never be able to give.
Why wouldn't you be able to?
B-Because a lot of things have happened between us...
You turned him down, didn't you?
And I couldn't tell him I like him now, after all that,
so I decided to let it go.
But then I thought that wouldn't do.
See, there was another time when I said nothing and just gave up.
Do you regret it?
No. I'd given up on that long ago.
Besides, I've realized this person has been there
to support me all this time, whenever I've felt down.
I had no confidence in myself, but he did his best to encourage me.
This time, I want to be the one to tell him how I feel.
I finally decided to stop keeping my mouth shut and waiting for things to end.
I'm sorry for talking about this...
No, I'm glad you did.
I think you've opened my eyes as well.
So...
By the way, who is it?
Who's your prince, Ritsuko-chan?
Oh, that's...
Shall I try and guess?
W-W-What are you saying?! Please, stop!
You're so cute!
Yes. I'm set to leave this weekend.
Working in Tokyo?
Yeah. A lot happened at college and I ended up dropping out.
But you'll come back once in a while, won't you? Like you've been doing?
No. I'm never coming back to this town.
Kaoru-kun, our sessions were fun.
I'll miss seeing you and Sen-boy,
but I don't want you guys to stop playing jazz.
Brother Jun! Did you tell him you were going back to Tokyo?!
Hey, Sen!
What's the hubbub, Richie?
It's about Brother Jun!
Yeah, he's about to go back to Tokyo, right?
I heard from Pops.
Well, ain't got nothin' to do with me.
Hey, wanna jam?
You're gonna let that be the last you see of him?
There's nothin' to say.
You looked up to him as a big brother since you were a kid!
You may never get the chance to meet him again!
There'd be no point.
Once he's gone, it'll be too late!
Enough about Brother Jun already.
Let's get started here.
If you don't feel like practicin', I'm goin' home.
What's all the fuss about?
I guess college students from Tokyo and all over have come to demonstrate
against letting the nuclear aircraft carrier into port.
That's terrible...
In their eyes, I'm a traitor.
They may never forgive me.
But...
Using a different method than them...
Oh, you're here, Richie.
Here, eat.
I made it myself, so it might be a little salty...
But if you're not gonna eat it, I will.
Is this any time to be eating?!
Did you forget what I said last time?!
What are you talkin' about?
Don't play dumb! Are you going to be stubborn'til it's too late?!
Brother Jun is leaving this town today or tomorrow!
It's today.
I'm taking the night train, Kaoru-kun.
Sen-boy, this was rather old-fashioned of you.
Letter of Challenge
I thought it was some kind of joke.
It's no joke.
I wanted to try havin' a serious showdown with you, Brother Jun.
Wait... You're not really...
I made it in time?
Let me in on it, too.
This is no duet.
They're seriously duking it out.
Sorry for causing you so much trouble, Pops.
Tell me about it! And when you reach Tokyo,
first thing you do is get to a barber!
Sure, sure.
Well, I'm off.
Brother Jun!
I'll remember today's session for the rest of my life!
Yeah. Me too, Sen-boy.
What are you doing here? I told you not to see me off.
I have four questions I want you to answer.
If you try to dodge me, I'll get on this train with you.
So answer me truthfully.
Question number one: Why did you tell me not to see you off?
I hate sad goodbye scenes.
Question number two: Didn't you think to take me with you?
The work I'm going to be doing is kind of a gamble.
Even if I took you with me, there's no guarantee of making any kind of living.
Besides, you're still in high school.
Question number three...
Why didn't you do anything more than kiss me?!
Did you not touch me because you intended to leave from the start?
No.
I knew. I knew how much you cared about me...
This is my last question...
Won't you take me with you?
I want you to take good care of your own life.
I figured you would say something like that.
Now it feels like I've been set free, too.
I'm going back to my own world.
Thank you, Junichi-san.
Goodbye.
Yurika, where are you?!
Come out, Yurika!
How dare you embarrass us by walking out
in the middle of an arranged marriage meeting like that?!
Calm down, dear!
We're going back there together, Yurika!
Yurika, where are you?!
I'm going back to my own world.
I dragged you on board...
Now what?
What is there to do? The train's already left the station.
Yeah...
Well, when we get there, we'll go to my room first
and maybe I'll have you cut my hair.
It's freezing today.
Yeah. Think I'll light the heater.
I waited for you on that slope
For our after school promise
There was a'goodbye' blurred far away
I was so weak, so awkward, and so fragile back then
But you gave me a small pair of wings
In the twilight hour of the sky,
I'm searching for a gleam of light
If only I could have said that I love you
The note that I wrote in the corner of my textbook
has never been delivered to this day
