Loss
You're reassigning me as an instructor?
That's right.
You have two weeks to prepare.
You will undergo special training
before taking your post in Gurantseere Cosmopolitan Academy.
You were an exceptional pilot.
This is the optimum post for making the most of those skills.
The MJP Project was founded in GC 35 to develop humans suited for space life.
With the Wulgaru invasion,
it was decided that those over the age of 12 were to become pilots.
They were transferred to Gurantseere Cosmopolitan Academy.
Open SPIRITS
Congratulations!
This isn't the sort of thing you celebrate.
How could you say that? Aren't you embarking on a new journey?
My job is to train children who were genetically
altered before birth to fight on the frontline!
It's depressing...
Those children were temporarily left in the care of foster parents,
but we're going to erase all of their personal
memories before they start school.
I wonder if that's so they won't regret leaving their old lives behind.
Dealing with kids that lack both a past and future...
I don't know if I can take it.
Excuse me! Gimme another medium-sized beer!
Are you even listening?
Actually, screw that. Gimme a bottle of premium sake!
But isn't that why they chose you, Rin-Rin?
True, my piloting and fighting days are over...
This is the only job left for me.
But didn't you make it back alive?
You were the only survivor when your unit got destroyed.
Why don't you pass on those survival skills?
Okay?
Did you get that?
Thanks to the Ioness Theory,
there was a substantial boost in engine efficiency.
However, the human reaction time for those piloting the-
What are you doing in the middle of class?
Uh, well, you see...!
Well?
Ah, umm, well...
S-sorry, I didn't mean it like that.
Sorry, my bad!
Poopy.
Oh, my God!
Your bodyline is like that of a beautiful Steyr.
You've shot my heart with your hot loaded armor-piercing bullets,
knocking me down!
How are the students?
Right. On average, they are brimming with potential.
They follow their orders
and have fast response times in mock space battles.
However, there is one team that is highly problematic.
How so?
Sir...
The team is composed of students who were
originally unsuited for teamwork.
With impressive latent abilities, they definitely possess hidden potential.
But they are lacking on the mental front.
They are ill oriented for group work.
I see.
That will be their downfall as pilots.
And the flip side?
Inversely, they could become mentally strong.
Once they master teamwork, they will outstrip the other teams.
Uh, on what grounds...?
They have abnormally strong survival instincts.
That makes them ideal pilots
for AHSMB units equipped with the JURIA-SYSTEM.
Train them! That is your mission.
Very well.
Tamaki!
Rose 3's first and second thrusters have taken damage.
Power is down by 40!
Enemy fighters are approaching from B34.
Th-they got me!
What should we do?! What should I do?!
Kei, can't we help her?!
Kei? Kei!
Calm down. Think.
I should be able to save her.
If I'm a hero, fight! Fight!
Fight so we can survive!
Harmonic values, increasing.
One through three are increasing!
My armguards?
If Red 5 removed its armguards, I could use them as shields...?
Thank you, Red 5!
Let's go! You're going to become a hero with me.
Send a multi-launcher, please!
Izuru!
Are you all right, Tamaki?
Forget about me! Everyone, get out of here.
Get a grip, Tamaki!
But at this rate, they'll take you and everyone else down with me!
We're going to make it back alive!
I've always wanted to go on a date!
Even if we make it back, that may not happen...
What's with that serious answer?!
That's not what you say at a time like this!
Just tell her she'll find a date!
Scum.
Blue 1, take the right.
Gold 4, take the left. Purple 2, issue orders.
Roger!
Blue 1, strike Unit 4 in the upper right portion of Formation A.
Gold 4, fire at the bottom left portion of Formation B.
Keep them in check and carve open a path for Rose 3.
Ally units have taken 32.6 damage. Ammo down to 10.
They can only fight for another 12 minutes.
Probability of return: -15.
They can't possibly continue to fight!
Vice Chief of Staff, please issue the order for them to retreat.
Sir!
Retreat is not an option! Don't run! Fight the beasts!
They can't! At this rate, we're going to lose all of the units.
Why can't they?!
Do you realize how much money we've put into them?
Blue 1, Gold 4, Red 5, attack!
Uh, right!
D-don't turn and run!
I'm having control issues here!
Vice Chief of Staff, please order them to retreat!
All units, retreat!
Force Rose 3 to purge.
Roger.
Purple 2, forcibly purge Rose 3. Copy that?
Yes, Ma'am!
I'm light!
Rose 3, retreat!
Roger!
If we use Rose 3's boosters as missiles...
They should pack a real wallop!
Blue 1, protect Rose 3 as you retreat.
Gold 4, serve as backup while you retreat.
Red 5, slow withdrawal.
How's everyone doing?
They'll reach the ship in just a minute.
Kei, you should head back as well!
Roger!
Izuru!
Izuru, are you all right?
Probably.
Red 5's transmission has been damaged.
Primary reactor has ceased functioning. Energy reserves down by 25.
Auxiliary power is dropping fast!
Auxiliary thrusters are totally shot.
He can't change its course.
The emergency escape unit is out, too!
We'll have to cut our losses with the one.
Wha-?!
You aren't the least bit okay!
I'll be fine, so get back, Kei!
Izuru?!
Get back!
Purple 2, come back immediately!
But Izuru-!
I'll head on back after you leave.
How could you say that?! You can't even move!
Purple 2, did you hear me?!
The hero always makes it back in one piece.
I can't die in a place like this!
I still want to draw manga and eat more of your insanely sweet cakes!
Izuru...
Izuru!
Purple 2!
AHSMB units...? Allies?!
That is...Team Doberman!
Who gave them orders to sortie?
Commander!
Team Doberman will hereby retrieve Red 5 and withdraw.
Thank you, Sir!
If there was another able team,
we should have included them in the battle to begin with!
How dare he hold out on me!
Izuru!
Purple 2 has returned.
Is he okay?!
Should I get a stretcher?
Better, just in case!
Izuru?!
Are you all right, Izuru?
The Wulgaru army has started to pull back.
I believe they are headed toward Jupiter.
Izuru!
Care for a drink?
Izuru?
I made it back...
You should have...
You should have gotten out of there with the rest of us.
What?!
You don't need to handle everything by yourself.
Do you realize what would have happened if help hadn't come?
Seriously!
Ah, everyone is giving me a piece of their mind.
Excuse me?!
That's nothing to be happy about!
Remove everything from Block 3 to Block 5.
Send Rose 3 and Red 5 to Maintenance D.
Well?
Ugh. We're administering emergency repairs,
but they need a full overhaul in HQ's dock.
That goes double for Rose 3 and Red 5.
Rose 3 currently uses a navigational shield.
We'll need to give it a maximum-power shield
that can withstand enemy beams,
just like the ones Blue 1 and Red 5 use.
Really! This is no time for sweets.
It's time for super-premium dry sake!
I figured.
Where is the Vice Chief of Staff?
Resting in his personal room.
I see.
Sir, GDF high command has requested
we send them a copy of our battle report in all due haste.
You write it! I'll check over it once it's ready.
I'll send over the battle logs.
Thank you!
I wonder how long this war is going to drag out...
Who can say?
We don't even know what
the Wulgaru are after or where they came from.
True enough.
I'm sorry to have interrupted your work.
It's okay. Don't worry about it.
February 4, 86 GC.
Our units engaged what we believe to be an
armed Wulgaru recon force near FRB-1011.
That's right. We've been left in the dark, ever since then...
They came out of nowhere, striking Earth's frontier development base.
The armies stationed around the outer planets were dispatched immediately.
Thus began Earth's first war in outer space.
We believe the Wulgaru armada is composed of 1 massive mother ship,
5 large carriers, 800 space-faring vessels and 3,000 mobile fighters.
Our combined global forces include 15 million soldiers,
3,500 space-faring vessels and 20,000 mobile fighters.
Despite vastly superior numbers,
our results in battle have been dismal as we gradually pull back.
At this rate, even the most favorable calculations
show them reaching Earth in...
Isn't this stuff awesome?
It has a rich fragrance and a refreshing zing.
Not to mention the delicious fruity taste that explodes in your mouth!
Hey, stop right there!
S-sorry...
I swear, you're putting perfectly good sake to waste!
Y'know...
So like, what do you think's gonna happen to us?
In this battle, I mean...
Rin-Rin!
No matter how much we outnumber them,
their technology is far superior to our own...
That may be the case, but...
Even if we sent a bunch of men after them,
they can easily counter the attack with a handful of cutting-edge units.
Oh, my, my...
They swoop in and then swoop right back out,
so they've suffered surprisingly few losses.
Too many peanuts overwhelm the persimmon seeds!
This isn't about persimmon seeds!
Then what are you talking about?
Hey! Don't take that attitude with me!
See, I almost gave up...
I almost gave up on Red 5.
Rin-Rin!
I'm not... supposed to give up on my own students!
I'm not supposed to lose hope!
Aw, jeez...
Damn, you're a crying drunk...
Tamaki, go to your room if you're gonna sleep.
No! I'm staying here.
More antacids?
Isn't it only natural to get an upset stomach after a battle like that?
I'm amazed you guys don't have ulcers.
It's just a matter of time before you form a hole in your gut.
Shut it!
It'd be nice if there was something we could do to help relax...
She's crashing in three, two, one!
Hey!
Huggie!
T-Tamaki?!
She's just like a baby.
Sometimes, I have dreams.
Of what?
I dream that I'm a baby and someone is holding me.
When I close my eyes, someone gently pats me on the back.
But that's just a dream, right?
Yeah, but I'm sure someone cared for me like that once.
I just don't remember it.
Say, didn't you think we were going to die back there?
Yeah...
When I die, do you think they'll inform the people
who used to pat my back?
It's doubtful.
Dang, you're cold!
Gosh darn it!
NaIve dudes like you are insensitive to another's naIve beliefs!
What was that?!
Knock it off!
Yeah. Let's head back to our own rooms.
Do something about Tamaki before you go.
Hey, Leader. Carry the girl.
He's drawing again?
That's like a tranquilizer for Izuru.
But Izuru tried to protect Tamaki, all on his own.
How do you feel?
I am fine.
What is that?
Supposedly it is called a picture book.
Pictures are drawn to match the story.
I cannot comprehend such books.
How could anything save the truth hold any value?
I do not understand, myself.
But they may be unable
to understand us just as we fail to understand them.
Auron Taul has spoken! Open the gate!
Is fighting the only option for those who cannot understand one another?
Team Rabbits will hereby return to Gurantseere Cosmopolitan Academy.
Roger!
We're taking the AHSMB units back to HQ, where we'll fix them right up.
Please take me with you, too!
And one more thing.
Look after Rin-Rin for me.
I-I'm just fine!
You just had a wee bit too much to drink. Right, Rin-Rin?
Don't say that in front of my students!
I wanna call you Rin-Rin!
Watch it!
Why do you call her Rin-Rin?
We're childhood friends.
Reika! We're childhood friends.
I've been calling her that since elementary school.
We went to different schools after that,
but then we met up again at the military academy, remember?
Childhood friends...
I like that backstory!
This isn't a manga!
I wonder what it must be like to have a childhood friend.
Quit going on about that!
We'll reach the ground momentarily.
Rin-Rin, see ya later!
Like I said, quit calling me that! Rin-Rin, see ya later!
Where is the head mechanic going?
Wasn't she going to GDF's headquarters?
She said she's dropping by her home in Kyoto.
Her family is always giving her a hard time.
Believe it or not, she's a rich heiress.
An heiress?!
For Saionji Pharmaceutical.
My sponsor...?
But she became our head mechanic...?
Against her parents' wishes.
They disapproved? How dramatic!
Your lives are just beginning, too.
You have a lot to look forward to, not just fighting.
Survive this war! That's a must!
Let's go.
Okay!
But dang does my head hurt!
She's drunk...
I haven't introduced them yet, have I?
That is Team Doberman.
They are the team that rescued you in that last battle.
They're your seniors.
They are second gen MJP students entering their third term.
Commander Simon kept them a secret while they were on standby.
The team is composed of Chandra, Randy and Patrick.
Operation: Infiltrate a Planetoid Base
