It was raining...
It was raining...
You're always reading that book, boy.
Is it that interesting?
It's good.
I've read it many times now.
There are so many more stories out in the world
that are far more interesting than what's in that book.
Where's Part Three?
I don't have Part Three.
I've looked and looked, but I've never found it.
Now it all makes sense.
That story's Part Three is the worst of the worst.
You should consider yourself satisfied with just the first two parts.
I'm saying this for your own good.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Then you write it.
Me, write?
That's the only way you can keep that story perfect.
To write a story is to write about a person,
and how that person should live and die.
From what I've seen, you have the qualifications.
Who are you?
Me?
My name is...
Are you awake, Odasaku?
How do you feel?
I feel like I'm experiencing all the hangovers I'll have
in the next fifty years all at the same time.
I saw Ango at the place you told me about.
So Ango was there, like I suspected.
Yeah.
He vanished into the dark with soldiers in black.
Sounds like black special ops.
It seems recent events can be divided into two categories.
Are they a separate organization from Mimic?
They're different.
But we can pretty much ignore the black special ops guys for now.
Mimic is the more dangerous enemy.
Akutagawa-kun and other combat squad members
are dealing with conflicts in the city,
but we don't even know what the enemy leader's ability is.
We're at a disadvantage.
That Akutagawa is one of your subordinates, isn't he?
I heard his ability has high offensive capabilities.
He's a naked sword without a scabbard.
I'm sure he'll become the strongest gifted mafia member in the near future but,
right now, he needs someone to teach him how to sheathe his blade.
Sorry, that was a tangent.
This morning, the council of five top executives convened.
They made a decision to attack Mimic
with everything the Port Mafia can muster.
Just now,
my subordinates, including Akutagawa-kun, were hit by a surprise attack.
They're still fighting at the art museum.
Odasaku?
You're not serious about going, are you?
We're hitting them with everything we've got, right?
I didn't think you'd be interested in conflict, since you don't kill people.
I'm not.
Then why?
I've acquired a lot of debts in my life.
If your subordinates are in a tough spot,
they need help.
You should forget about your debts.
Episode 15 Some Day in a Room with a Seaside View
No one remembers what you owe to them.
Guns are the weapons of fools.
All too weak.
So you're the one they speak of... The gifted one in black.
Who are you?
My name is Gide.
I am the leader of Mimic.
He will never acknowledge me, no matter how many underlings I defeat.
I'd like to challenge you.
I'd like to ask a question.
Is your ability sufficient to release our souls from original sin?
Want to find out?!
You're not getting away!
It seems you are not the one.
Impossible!
Is this an ability?!
Bastard!
Can you read my moves?!
In a few more years,
you may have grown powerful enough to grant our wish,
but we cannot wait.
Kill me.
Defeat means death.
I regret that I could not be the enemy you wanted.
Farewell.
Did you get shot in the leg?
Hey!
What do you think you're doing?!
Let me down!
Let me go!
I'm Oda Sakunosuke.
I heard about you from Dazai and came to help.
I've heard of you from Dazai-san.
You're one of the lower-ranking members.
That's right.
And I heard you're a friend to him.
Is that true?
I have a policy of not using that word lightly.
Dazai-san said
I wouldn't stand a chance against you, not in a hundred years.
Now's not the time to be having a falling out.
Why...
Why doesn't Dazai-san...
Are you the same?!
Sorry.
I have to bring you back,
especially for a friend who has high hopes for you.
I did have a premonition.
What are you talking about?
I had a premonition that I'd be able to meet the person I seek in this country.
I am Gide.
I came here in search of the one who can release the souls of ghosts like us.
I can get you a discount with an undertaker I know if you want.
There is no need.
I just found the one we were looking for.
What?
What's the matter?
I haven't even fired a single round.
What did you do?!
I just saw a future where you would dodge to the right.
Therefore, I adjusted my aim.
But you saw that future, so you adjusted as well.
Which I also saw.
The ability to see a few seconds into the future if you are to be in any danger...
I can do what you can do.
The predictive ability we have is omnipotent.
You are the only one who can kill me and end this war.
If you are one of the Port Mafia,
killing me, the enemy leader, must be your greatest desire.
No thanks.
I'm only here to help one of my own.
What?
You're not one of the mafia?
There are different types in the mafia.
Guns are tools for murder!
And this is a war zone!
I'm not interested in fighting.
What I'm interested in is living.
There is nothing more important in life than death!
Good, that's how it should be...
What?!
Are you refusing to fight me, then?
There is a reason I don't kill.
Look elsewhere.
Why?!
My subordinates and I have been wandering the whole world like ghosts,
looking for a place worthy of our deaths.
You are our only wish.
Fight me!
If you refuse
The reason I can't do as you wish
is because I have a dream.
Some day when I can quit the Port Mafia and become a free man,
I want to sit down at a desk in a room where I can see the sea, and...
Then you write it.
That's the only way you can keep that story perfect.
I want to become a writer.
I want to throw the gun aside,
and only have pen and paper.
One man told me that to write a story is to write a person.
A man who takes lives cannot write about lives.
That's why I won't kill.
And that's the reason why you refuse to enter our battle?
So that's your answer?
That's right.
Stop!
A bullet-proof vest.
That pain that is a privilege of the living.
It's something we lost long ago.
We are already dead.
We're just soulless husks being controlled by ghosts.
You're not dead.
I don't know what happened to you in the past,
but you can still think about how you want to die.
Why won't you understand?!
You are the only...
You will not kill me.
That's because you don't understand my wish.
And I won't kill you right now,
because you are the only one who can guide us to the battlefield of purification.
I will make you understand who we really are.
Then you will understand
that, between the two of us, there can be only one.
You should look forward to it.
The night is a good time.
It's a time that belongs to the Port Mafia.
What now?
I don't know.
That was quite some trouble you got into, though.
Who would've thought that the enemy leader
you'd just met would turn into such an earnest suitor?
They're weird, looking for war so that they can find a place worthy of their deaths.
Are they?
Their wish to be creative about their deaths is something I hadn't thought about.
How long will this conflict last?
Mimic's soldiers aside,
their leader's ability is a nuisance.
Surprise attacks won't work.
That means we need inside info.
Any leads you can think of?
Only Ango.
I agree.
I wonder if there's some way we can find Ango.
There is.
There is?
To be more precise,
there is no need to find him.
Here?
Where else?
Hey there.
I started without you.
You could've called.
I had a hard time losing my tail.
But today's fine.
I can spend as much time as I want here.
Well?
How'd you know to find me here?
Just a hunch, I suppose.
I'm lucky.
I didn't think I could drink here again.
You're pretty sentimental for a mole.
Even before you joined the Port Mafia, you had a different identity.
And that's as a secret agent of the state.
You were an agent of the Ministry of Internal Affairs'
gifted special operations division.
Your mission was to monitor the Port Mafia.
Though the division oversees all gifted within the nation,
should there ever be an all-out war with the Port Mafia,
the division will suffer heavy casualties.
The division's primary purpose is to manage, not annihilate, the gifted.
That's why they had an agent infiltrate the Port Mafia and monitor their movements.
Then Mimic came up at the table.
The gifted criminal organization had been planning to enter Japan.
They were a headache for the division,
so the division decided to have you monitor Mimic... as the Port Mafia's spy.
As a lowly salaried government worker,
it was a job entirely above my pay grade.
So, in other words,
Ango wasn't a double agent, but a triple agent.
Tell us about Mimic.
I heard Gide and Odasaku-san traded blows.
Did you see Gide's ability?
I did.
Gide is elusive, and his location is never made known to us.
The brass intends to let the Port Mafia handle this case.
Well, that's very convenient for them.
But even the Port Mafia would have a hard time dealing with his ability.
Of course,
that's if we don't consider a certain lowest-ranking member in the organization.
Both our abilities only entail looking a few seconds into the future.
If push comes to shove,
the outcome will be dependent on our skills in combat and shooting.
The unknown variables will matter a lot.
There's also the singularity of the ability to consider.
The singularity of the ability?
Didn't something unusual happen when you used your ability against Gide?
Yeah, it did.
The government has observed that when some abilities interact,
they may careen off into an entirely unexpected direction in rare cases.
I wasn't really supposed to tell you that.
It'd become a major issue if the brass were to know that I am meeting you like this.
I'll have to go underground for the time being.
Well, well...
You're talking as though you will leave this place alive.
Are you planning to make this a war zone?
It's my fault.
I was wrong.
I selfishly thought that here,
I could actually meet with you two without having to consider my position.
Ango.
Go before I change my mind.
I'm not sad.
I knew this from the beginning.
Whether you were with the gifted special operations division or not,
anything I would never want to lose is always lost.
It is a given that everything that is worth wanting
will be lost the moment I obtain it.
There's nothing worth pursuing at the cost of prolonging a life of suffering.
Dazai-kun, Odasaku-san...
If there ever comes a time when the division and the Port Mafia don't exist
and we all become freer men,
let's come back here and
Don't say it, Ango.
Don't say anything more.
What?
Mister!
Kosuke!
Katsumi!
Yu!
Shinju!
Sakura!
A map?
My throat hurt.
I couldn't breathe.
I heard someone screaming.
I realized, because my throat hurt so much, that I was the one who was screaming.
Then you write it.
That's the only way you can keep that story perfect.
I can't write it anymore.
I can no longer write a story.
Next Time: Episode 16 Bun go Stray Dogs
