Am I gonna die?
You did die...
Who are you?
Inga...
It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode 1
Murder at the Ball
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) The Murder at the Ball
I really don't feel like doing this...
Don't be like that!
Kaishou Rie
Daughter of Kaishou Rinroku Lives at Home
It's a party thrown by the Kanou Group.
A 19th century ball gown is a pain, isn't it?
The skirt's like this...
And the corset like this...
You've read up on it.
Kaishou Family Maid
Head maid
Yes, well...
In manga...
Well...
Don't worry.
President Kanou himself sent over this dress for his costume party.
It's got a normal design, but...
Give a girl some warning...
This way, you won't cause any embarrassment as the master's proxy.
Proxy?!
On TV, they say that President Kanou is gonna be arrested today or tomorrow!
They say nothing but groundless things on TV.
Anyway, there's no way I'm going to that party alone!
That looks great on you, Rie.
Father!
It must have been a real bear putting that on.
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of Japan Justice Network System Holdings
A long time ago, Japan constructed the Rokumeikan to hold balls
with the aim of entering into fair treaties with foreign countries.
Kanou-san's idea is to go back to basics
and look at international relations with fresh eyes.
I'm not going to make it, but give him my regards.
I can't believe...
Sir! Ms. Koyama from the Public Prosecutor's Office just...
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor's Office, Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor
Izumi-san?
Chairman Kaishou. I heard you weren't going to Kanou's party this evening...
Excuse me!
I'm a friend of Kanou-san.
Chairman, you're an outside adviser to us prosecutors.
Excuse me!
This is an opportunity for you to question Kanou directly...
This evening, I'm acting as Kaishou Rinroku's proxy!
Such a contrarian...
This is reserved! Please take another elevator...
Lucky day! It's almost empty.
I'll push it!
Go ahead. Top floor.
Okay!
You two!
What business do you two have at this evening's party?!
An invitation?
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
It seems that you weren't the ones who sent these to us, Prosecutor Koyama.
Of course not! Why would I have...
Excuse me, Ms. Koyama...
Who are they?
Never mind them.
If you go near them, your dress will get dirty.
I'm clean!
In ga
Detective's Assistant
Izumi-chan!
Keep your distance.
This is Chairman Kaishou's...
Rinroku's daughter?
How dare you address the Chairman by name!
What? These days, a shady net business success has a monopoly
on money and technology, and is an adviser to every ministry and agency. So?
What, you're Napoleon too, Kanda-san?
My wife told me this was the only way to go...
You international banks always prosper after a fire, as they say.
Ono Ittou
Member of the Liberal Citizens Party
Not at all.
Kanda Masahiko
Representative of the Japanese Branch of the International Currency Bank
It's thanks to you, Member.
Anyway, I wonder how Kanou-san is dealing with that...
The prosecutor, and especially the newly-established Joint Coordinating Dept.,
intend to arrest him, no matter what.
If that happens, then we'll also...
Kanou Nobuzane
President of Kanou Group General Trading Company
Kanou Atsuko
Nobuzane's Wife and Group's Corporate President
Kanou-san! Thank you for the invitation...
Kanou-kun!
Arresting you would be runaway abuse of the prosecutor's power!
I'll use tonight's party to again clear you of all suspicion!
I'm afraid I'm going to cause you two undue trouble.
It must be hard on you too, Madam.
Why, having to hold a party in your own building...
I'm afraid to even leave here.
Well, let's go.
No matter how many times we're stepped on, Japan will always rise Party Sponsor: Kanou Group General Trading Company
I've come as Kaishou Rinroku's proxy.
My name is Rie.
We appreciate your coming.
Thank you.
Professor Kaishou's daughter...
Well, well!
I've never had the opportunity to meet Mr. Kaishou,
but let me take this occasion to greet his daughter.
Then Professor Kaishou actually exists...
Is the Chairman here?
Chairman Kaishou!
Mr. Kaishou!
Is he here?
Professor Kaishou!
Chairman!
Professor!
Back off!
It's okay.
Nice to meet you, everyone.
If you're at the party, then...
Chairman Kaishou supports President Kanou.
It shows that he believes in his innocence, right?
Hello, hello, President Kanou!
Thank you very much for inviting me here tonight.
Wh-Who are you?!
In fact!
He is a beacon of light in this chaotic world!
People call him the Last Great Detective,
Yuuki Shinjurou!
Yuuki? I've heard that name before somewhere.
He's the one that always shows up at crime scenes
to criticize Chairman Kaishou's brilliant deductions!
That's right. The newspapers have dubbed him, The Defeated Detective.
So why are you here?
You got me...
However, calling me in means that some crime is going to occur.
And a major crime at that.
First Kanou, then they try to ingratiate themselves with Chairman Kaishou.
They have no principles!
Pardon me, Miss...
That's Yuuki Shinjurou...
The Defeated Detective...
No one is a greater patriot than Kanou Nobuzane!
These suspicions against him stem from nothing more than
the state yielding to pressure from foreign countries!
Kanou-kun, I give you my word that we will protect you!
Thank you.
Continuing on, I would be honored to hear a few words from Kanda Masahiko,
the Japanese representative for the International Currency Bank.
Ono passes on reconstruction work to Kanou
and Kanda puts up financial backing received from other countries.
But somewhere in this triangle, the money goes missing.
Good evening, everyone.
Right now, President Kanou...
What do you people want?
I thought you were with the detective.
Don't tell me that business before was an attempt to help me, was it?!
I hate the Defeated Detective!
Is there a room above this one?
This whole floor is President Kanou's home.
How did you know?!
Who are you?
Terada Ryouko
Metro Police Department SP
Miss Kaishou!
Um, you didn't have to go to the trouble of having the SP guard me...
SP?
We can't afford to let anything happen to you, Miss Kaishou.
Please take care of her.
Now, let's make a toast.
A toast to what?
Naturally, a toast in the hopes that
the suspicions of you prosecutors are soon dispelled.
Miss Kaishou!
Are you all right?
I-I'm sorry.
Perhaps the alcohol went right to your head...
Miss Kaishou, how do you feel?
I'm fine now, Madam.
Everyone, there is something that I, Kanou Nobuzane,
would like to say regarding the suspicions that are directed at me.
Does he mean to insist upon his innocence before a large crowd?
That's being a poor loser!
Madam?!
It sounds like something's happened!
I'm Hayami, with Metro Police.
The crime squad will be here soon, so preserve the scene...
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau, Metropolitan Police Dept.
We in the Joint Coordinating Dept. are allowed to use our own judgment
on whether to launch an investigation.
The criminal is in this hall!
The person who murdered Kanou Nobuzane!
The issue may be not who did it, but rather why...
Darling!
Representative Kanda! Member Ono!
What is it?
Where were you two when the lights went out?
What are you saying?!
Imitating your father, Chairman Kaishou, are you?
After all, guided by him, a number of difficult cases have been solved...
Before the lights went out,
someone wearing a Napoleon outfit was near the podium.
Several people have said so.
Which one of us are you accusing of the crime?
Perhaps both of you.
What?!
Mr. Kanou is suspected of embezzling funds
for reconstruction support from other countries.
Member Ono and Mr. Kanda, you're both connected to that.
If Mr. Kanou had been arrested, you both would've been in hot water...
Ridiculous! When the lights went out, I was talking to Kanda-kun!
And I can establish Member Ono's innocence, too!
You both purposely chose to dress as Napoleon, a costume that would stand out!
You figured it would support each other's alibi...
Yes...
Understood.
Mr. Defeated Detective!
There's nothing for you to do here.
Your father also acts like a detective, but...
My father is different from you!
He just gives advice for the sake of this country's future!
Sorry, Rie.
Would you move out of the way a little?
Everyone, this is Chairman Kaishou.
I'm Kaishou Rinroku.
I was friends with Kanou-san.
I'm not there now, but I will give you my opinion.
Innumerable difficult cases have been solved
due to the wisdom of Chairman Kaishou.
He's a special adviser to the Joint Coordinating Dept.
of the Public Prosecutor's Office.
Father, the criminals are Member Ono and Representative Kanda!
That isn't possible.
Father?!
Certainly, they're wearing the same outfit, but they stand out too much.
However, other than that, no one saw anyone suspicious near the podium
just before the lights went out.
Oh, but they were there.
Certainly, they were there, but at some point,
they slipped from everyone's consciousness...
In fact, they're still there.
I see... SP...
The security guards!
These days, when VIPs get together somewhere, it's taken for granted
that security guards or the SP are in position,
to the point where they fall under people's radar.
Are you saying that the SP murdered Kanou?!
I see... That's it!
Madam?
Kanou... My husband didn't stuff his own pockets!
The truth is he took part of the reconstruction funds and supplies
and stashed them somewhere at the request of someone from the government!
He intended to reveal that here tonight!
But before he could, a government dog...
That's ridiculous!
The residents' elevator...
She pretended to leave the hall with us, but then went right back
and when the room went dark, she...
I'm sure she would have been informed of the timing schedule...
How could you?! Why would you people do this?!
You're mistaken, Madam!
How am I mistaken?!
Shinjurou...
I can't hold it in any more...
Just hang on!
Inga!
The police did it! The prosecutors did it!
No, even higher than you!
You ganged up on Kanou with the Ministry of Self-Defense and killed him!
You're wrong!
No, I'm not!
You are wrong. You're certainly wrong.
Why is her jacket the only thing that's off?
If the police or prosecutors used this woman to assassinate Kanou Nobuzane...
And they did!
This is a luxurious place for just the two of you.
If the police assassinated him,
it would be pointless if we found out soon after that an SP did it.
That's why you say suicide is out of the question, right?
But if she meant to exact vengeance on Kanou on her own,
it's possible she killed herself afterward...
In that case, she just would've killed him out in the open with a gun.
Why a knife?
Well...
If anyone wore a black suit here, they could be taken for the SP...
Someone impersonated the SP?!
Of course, that person must have chosen
the moment the lights went out from the very beginning.
The person caught the SP off guard, shot her to death,
impersonated her, and returned to the hall.
Then, moving naturally, she approached Mr. Kanou...
At the time, there were only two people outside of the hall...
I-It wasn't me!
Mrs. Kanou...?
Don't even joke about such a thing!
My husband was just murdered!
Suspecting me!
What reason could I have to kill him?!
Yes. I want to know the reason for that, too.
That one's out again...
Who is that?!
This person is... my boss...
I guess...
My name is Inga, little lady.
Please, let me ask you...
What?!
Um...
Got it!
All right...
Tell me...
What was your husband to you?
A criminal?
The man you loved?
Or... what?
I don't... have to answer that!
Tell me...
Tell me...
What was your husband to you?
What?
What?!
A hero...
He had to be a hero...
What was that just now?
She can ask one question, and people have no choice but to answer.
What do you mean he was a hero?
Have you forgotten already?
Until recently, we were at war.
In retaliation for seriously dispatching troops,
terrorists launched multiple attacks against us...
I know. There was a war...
But it's over.
No Trespassing
No, it's unsettled.
During the war, Kanou dedicated his resources
to combat terrorism in this country and he was lauded for it!
And yet, after the war, all they can say is he's lining his pockets!
Even though the victims of terrorism are treated as heroes!
Even though we, who survived, were just desperately trying to stay alive...
That man lived for this country and I wasn't going to let him be arrested...
He...
He became a hero and died!
That's why you stabbed him...
You killed the SP, impersonated her...
But what about proof?
The SP's jacket was taken off.
Most likely, she borrowed the jacket from the SP and then returned to the hall.
Afterwards, she didn't put the jacket back on the SP.
But at her feet was...
That dress is the kind that can be put on easily, isn't it?
Yes...
Then under all that frilly stuff, it's possible to wear pants, right?
Maybe, even now...
Those shoes...
If the police had killed him, Mr. Kanou wouldn't be a criminal,
but the victim of a government conspiracy.
Is that why you went so far as to murder an innocent SP?
More people died in the war, didn't they?!
During the war, he gathered up supplies from around the world
for the sake of the country,
but now it's evil that he survived and made money?!
It's the damned war!
It's war's fault that we fall!
It's the war...
People get corrupted.
Even saints and heroes...
There's nothing you can do to prevent it.
That's our salvation.
Phone call for you.
Again, it seems I fell just a little short of you.
You knew from the beginning, didn't you?
But unfortunately, as always,
the woman SP is going to be announced as the criminal.
Let's see... Mrs. Kanou realized before the police
who the killer was and shot her to death.
Does that sound okay?
Kanou-san's misappropriation of goods was a false charge, somebody's plot.
This way, his honor stays intact, too.
A beautiful outcome?
I hope you'll like it.
Huh? Where did that woman go?
Oh...
She said she was tired, so she went home.
I see...
Um... I'm sorry!
I didn't know.
My father's deductions were always off and you're actually right...
But my father and Ms. Koyama don't let that...
I always lose. That's why I'm the Defeated Detective...
But I'm sure Mr. Kanou really was a hero to his wife.
A hero that desperately protected his family
and his company in this chaotic society...
Even if it's a lie, one so beautiful should...
Um...
Something beautiful should be allowed to end... while it's still beautiful?
Yes.
It's not something that applies to us...
Since we'll always be in the process of falling...
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
I hear that the next original story is called Les Miserables,
from Ango Sakaguchis Ango Torimonochou (Ango Detective Stories)!
I'm gonna read it now!
Um, what's a sketchy rickshaw man?
Pourboire?
English Twist?
Hey, Shinjurou! This is a completely different story!
The bad guy is xxx, it says!
There was no xxx in our story, right?
Episode 2
Pitiless Song
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) Les Miserables
Next Episode Preview
UN-GO episode 2: Pitiless Song.
So, what's a gilly?!
