Fairy Tail...
Natsu...san?
You came here to pick a fight with Master?
That's suicidal!
Fro thinks so, too...
Are you serious, kid?
Anybody who doesn't think of their comrades as comrades
is on my list!
Is he talking about Yukino?
That's got nothin' to do with you!
Who would storm in here over something like that?!
I don't know what you're talking about,
but I suppose you've got your reasons.
You don't know what I'm talkin' about?!
Dobengal.
Deal with him.
Yes, sir!
You're avoiding me?
A guild soldier like you needs 100 more years of experience.
If you want a shot at the top, you'll have to prove yourself. Show me what you can do.
Pandemonium!
Fight me!
You're not getting near the master!
I, Dobengal, am not taking part in the Grand Magic Games,
but when it comes to skill, I'm just as strong as any of the participants here.
I'm going to show you the power of Sabertooth!
A smokescreen, huh?
You don't know who you're messing with.
You should withdraw immediately.
Get out!
Outta my way!
My beef ain't with you!
I don't believe it...
Dobengal's down?!
He's one of the top ten strongest wizards in our guild!
Master, let me...
Don't do a thing.
Kid, there aren't any like you in my guild.
Amusing.
Is that all...
Firing Hammer...
Minerva!
My lady!
Shall we end this evening's entertainment here?
Minerva, I didn't ask you to step in...
Of course,
if this had continued, you would have won, Father.
Father?
However, the world cares about appearances.
Even though this one came here and attacked you,
if the master of Sabertooth annihilated a participant in the Grand Magic Games,
it would cause difficulty for all of us.
I'll tell ya one thing... if anybody's gettin' wiped out, it's him!
My father has somewhat warmed to this battle,
but cannot back down in front of his subordinates.
What do you think?
Will you allow us to save face?
If you do, I'll return this kitten to you unharmed.
Happy!
I'm sorry, Natsu!
Dammit!
You've incapacitated several of our people,
but we're willing to overlook this incident.
In exchange, I'm asking you to behave in a mature fashion.
Natsu!
I'm sorry! They caught me at the entrance!
It's okay, Happy.
It's my fault for leaving you behind.
Natsu!
Let's go.
Aye!
That kid's got grit.
We'll settle this at the Grand Magic Games.
To our hearts' content.
We ain't gonna lose to the likes of you.
In fact, you won't be able to keep up with us.
If you call yourself a guild, take care of your comrades.
That's all I wanted to say.
Comrades...
We don't have that kind of bond in our guild.
Y-You're that strong,
Natsu Dragneel?!
Hey! I'm gonna compete tomorrow!
I can't just let him get away with this carnage!
You mean you're going to unleash the power of Black Lightning, right?
Certainly, this was rather one-sided carnage,
but without something like this, we would've lost our spark.
Anyway, we need someone to replace Yukino.
I think I'll get in on the fun.
You fought Sabertooth?!
Actually, I wanted to mix it up with'em even more...
Too bad it ended right as I was gettin' fired up.
I'm sorry, Natsu!
It's my fault, for getting caught!
What are you talking about?! We're lucky it ended the way it did!
That's right!
If one of their team members had been injured,
we might've been disqualified!
Come to think of it, that Minerva chick was sayin' something like that.
You are incredibly stupid!
Use your head a little!
Exactly!
Pour it on, Gray! Read him the riot act!
If you were gonna take the fight to them, you should've invited me!
It's not fair, you getting to have all the fun!
You're missing the point!
Just because you're frustrated from losing a match,
there's nothing admirable about getting payback in a fight outside the arena.
That's not what it's about!
I just wanted to deliver a message to that Rufus bastard...
I'm not gonna lose next time!
Anyway, I'm not lettin' those jerks off the hook.
A comrade's someone who's got your back and you got theirs...
Being strict is one thing,
but humiliating a girl and then kicking her out, that's as low as you can go!
That Yukino girl,
even after being abused like that, she came to see me...
I wonder where she is now...
I'm worried.
She did say she has nowhere to go...
Dammit! I'm still seething!
I think I'll go back there an' fight some more!
Alright! Count me in!
You can't do that!
Can't you just settle it at the tournament?!
Although now that you've riled up Sabertooth,
from tomorrow on, they'll probably go even harder on us in the matches!
It doesn't matter which guild they're in,
all wizards have their own feelings.
Move it!
Let us go!
Stop it, I said!
Listen, you two...
Would you cut it out?!
Yes, ma'am!
Hey, did you hear?
About last night, right?!
What are you talking about?
Apparently, somebody attacked Sabertooth's inn!
What kind of fool would pick a fight with Saber?!
Beats me!
Well, brawls happen outside the arena every year, right?
This is a festival, so they should take it public!
Natsu-sama...?
A guild that makes its family members cry ain't no guild at all!
Don't tell me he did it for...
We're at the halfway point in the Grand Magic Games.
The beginning of the third day!
I wonder what kind of passionate dramas we'll see today?
Our guest today
is Lahar-san, from the Magic Council.
It's been a long time, hasn't it?
Thank you for this opportunity.
Lahar-san, you're the Captain of the Enforcement and Detention Corps...
Yes.
I won't stand for any shenanigans during the tournament.
That's the captain for you.
He never forgets his duties.
Damn you, Lahar...
Why'd you make me come here?
A guest of the Grand Magic Games?!
You?
I have no reason to decline.
Come with me, Doranbolt.
No, I...
You want to see Fairy Tail alive and well, don't you?
Don't you wonder about them?
How could I not?
Still, the way I am now...
Are you still hung up on what happened seven years ago?
About what you perceive of as abandoning Fairy Tail?
They're looking forward.
The only one who's dragged down by the past is you.
Oh, no! The match is starting!
It's your fault! You just had to get a fish-kebab from that food stand!
It smelled so good, I couldn't help myself!
Whatever, let's just hurry!
I'm going to announce the competition for this, the third day of the Games!
The name of the event...
What does pandemonium mean?
It's an abode of demons.
Like a building where lots of demons lurk...
I wonder if they're doing a haunted house...
They're walking down a dark path and suddenly...
I don't think I like pandemonium...
I-I'm scared, too!
Even though you're a ghost yourself?!
There will be one participant from each guild.
Please choose your representative!
I'll do it!
I gotta continue what I started last night!
You don't get to decide all by yourself!
If it's a revenge match, I wanna do it, too!
No. I'll go.
You going out there may only make things more complicated.
I agree! Good luck, Erza!
Fight!
Let me do it!
Would you calm down?!
I'll participate for B Team.
Wait a second!
It's about time that I get to do something!
Cana, how could you go, when you're a reserve member?
What happened to Mystogan?
Juvia hasn't seen him yet today...
With the guest commentator being a member of the Council,
I should be able to participate, right?
That's true...
If Er-chan is gonna do this, let me go too, Kagura-chan!
I'll allow it.
I'm not gonna lose, Er-chan!
Right!
I hate Jellal, too...
He used us...
I'll never forgive him...
I'll never forgive him!
I have to focus!
From Mermaid Heel, it looks like Millianna is taking the field!
That girl!
Millianna...
She's the one who was wearing the hood. I didn't know she was in a guild.
Don't cause trouble in front of the Council, Obra.
I'll be the rep for Pegasus.
Like I said last night, I'm participating in this one.
I'll use my Black Lightning to blast them all to smithereens.
Even though we don't know what kind of competition it's going to be?
Do what you want.
If Natsu Dragneel isn't gonna be in it, I don't care what happens.
Jura-san is going to do it?
On Obaba's orders, so we can't do anything about it.
My sock...
Just buy a new one!
Count on me.
All of the participants have been selected!
From Sabertooth, Orga!
From Lamia Scale, Jura!
From Blue Pegasus, Hibiki!
From Raven Tail, Obra!
From Mermaid Heel, Millianna!
From Quatro Puppy, Novali!
From Fairy Tail A, Erza!
From Fairy Tail B, Cana!
These are our eight competitors!
What is that?!
Wow...
Begin analysis.
Pandemonium, a temple haunted by evil monsters!
It's huge!
Haunted by monsters, he says?
That's the idea-kabo.
There are 100 monsters inside this temple.
That being said, they're actually magical manifestations that we created,
so everyone can relax. There's no danger of you being attacked.
The monsters are D, C, B, A, S!
Those are the five levels of battle power the monsters are divided into.
This is how it breaks down.
Incidentally...
Ones like these
and ones even stronger, 100 of them wandering around the temple...
That's Pandemonium-kabo!
Even though he says they're just magical manifestations,
if you get attacked by them, you're hurt for real, right?
Will Erza and Cana be okay?
I'd like to think that those two will be alright, but...
This is a really extravagant competition, don't you think?
Though it feels like they may be going a little too far...
Please note that as the class of the monsters goes up,
their fighting strength increases exponentially.
The S-class monster is so strong that there's no guarantee
even one of the 10 Great Wizard Saints can defeat it-kabo.
In order, each of you will choose the number of monsters to battle.
It's called your right to challenge.
Right to challenge?
For example, if you choose three monsters,
three of them will appear inside the temple.
The person who chooses them enters the temple alone.
If the player successfully destroys them, he or she gets three points.
The next player then has the right to challenge up to 97 of the remaining monsters.
And so on and so on,
until there are zero monsters left!
Alternatively, if everyone runs out of magic power, the game is over at that point.
It's like a counting game.
That's right!
Assessing the situation when your turn comes around becomes important!
However, as I mentioned before,
the monsters are ranked.
Whether the player uses their right to challenge one or five,
the monsters appear randomly.
In other words, you need a strategy to avoid running into the S-class monster, right?
If it's random, having a strategy like that won't do you any good.
Not true. Between probability theory and my Archive,
strategy will work to some extent.
Irrespective of the monster's rank,
you'll get one point for each monster you destroy.
Once you enter the temple, you can't exit until you've succeeded.
What happens if we go down while inside the temple?
The number of points you've earned during your turn stays as is,
but the number of destroys you've had that turn goes to zero, and you're out.
Then it's bad to get too greedy.
But if you only go with one monster per turn, you'll fall behind the others.
And you also have to consider how much magic you'll recover before it's your next turn.
This is surprisingly difficult, huh?
Well, let's see what happens...
Alright, let's decide on the order.
Please draw your lots.
Number one!
You're lucky! It'll go back around to being your turn the most.
I got number eight...
With this competition,
I thought winning or losing all depended on the luck of the draw...
Luck of the draw? I don't know about that...
More than the order of battle,
pacing yourself and situational judgment are important in this game.
No.
This isn't a game anymore.
All 100 will be my opponents!
I exercise my right to challenge...
100 monsters all by herself, she says! Erza really is scary!
It's like Erza is the one who's the monster!
Does she actually have all that armor?!
Heaven's Wheel Armor, Black Wing, Flame Empress, Sea Empress,
Flight, Adamantine, Giant, Lightning Empress...
I bet she has, like, Red Ogre Armor and Hag Armor, too!
She's gonna get mad at you again!
Next time: 100 to 1!
But really, this is supposed to be a team competition, right?
Ah, this is fine.
After all, it's Erza!
