Cheerful, pounding heart. Cheerful, pounding heart. Cheerful, pounding heart. Cheerful, pounding heart.
Cheerful, pounding heart. Cheerful, pounding heart.
Cheerful!
Pounding!
Heart!
I didn't know there was a place like this in Shinjuku...
If a Machine Goodfellow activated in the middle of a big city like this,
it'd be really bad.
The Machine Goodfellows are mind-machine interfaces specifically tuned
to each designer child, to let them use mobile weapons.
Designer children can use these personalized machines to control all the latest weaponry
as if it were an extension of their own bodies.
But there's something even more interesting.
Akari Yomatsuri acquired the main manual of this device,
the Machine Goodfellow's hidden main system.
According to the manual,
by loading a capsule filled with Orgone energy into the head,
the consciousness of the designer child inside
can be transferred to a Kiltgang.
Orgone energy is what the Kiltgang needs to function.
Orgone energy...
The energy released from the Livlaster is one type of it.
The reason they tried to force Hana to manifest the Livlaster
was to use its energy.
We also learned
that once the Orgone energy capsule has been loaded into a Machine Goodfellow,
the energy transfer to the Kiltgang takes three minutes and fifty-nine seconds.
Meaning?
If you can blow its head off within those three minutes and fifty-nine seconds,
the Kiltgang won't be able to activate.
Three minutes and fifty-nine seconds...
So the head is the weak point...
I'm really impressed you learned all this, Science Chief.
Not at all.
Honestly, I'm surprised Akari Yomatsuri was able to infiltrate the enemy's systems
during the last battle and retrieve all this data.
You're such a gentleman, to say retrieve instead of steal.
So she's their weak point?
She's the pest who hacked the Machine Goodfellow?
She doesn't look like a fighter.
Then she's our target.
She still looks like a little kid.
Magical Girl Akari-chan
Ai's New Single Ice Cream Love
It's even bigger than it looked online!
So good...
It really is good.
It feels like we're always eating.
Pitz, you have some, too.
Tonight, another Machine Goodfellow will activate nearby, right?
Yes.
But Pitz says he doesn't know any more than that.
That much alone is amazing.
If one does activate, we can use the MM bus to locate it.
Defeating it in three minutes and fifty-nine seconds will be the main problem.
It'll be close.
There are two kinds of close.
A close win and a close loss.
Well, just leave it to the magical girl!
Locating their Machine Goodfellow ahead of time would be best...
Anyway, there are a lot of people here, aren't there?
It makes me uneasy.
A fight in the middle of a city like this would be bad...
I doubt the enemy wants to attract attention, either.
Finding them might be difficult.
Okay, then...
Where are you going?
A magic item...
I'm going to buy a computer.
I broke mine during the last mission.
Then I'll go with you.
I'll be fine.
I know Shinjuku like the back of my hand.
And finding the Machine Goodfellow is more important.
But...
I'll be fine...
I can protect myself.
So I'll be going AWOL to enjoy myself for a while.
You take care of the rest, Captain.
Seriously, do you have to keep calling me that?
I'm the only one not contributing to the team.
Nippon Seinenkan Hall
Ai Summer
You don't want to sing?
I'm afraid to sing.
Let's see...
That refers to your stance regarding your long-term career as an idol,
not strictly to tonight's concert, right?
Listen, Ai...
Cheerful!
Pounding!
Heart!
Isn't that your catchphrase?
Everyone loses confidence in themselves once in a while!
I've never had any self-confidence.
What are you saying?
We've both worked so hard to reach this point!
A Popular Idol's Lonely Past
You saw that magazine?
Ignore what the magazines say!
Her cheerfulness is fake?!
You grew up in an orphanage, and never went to school.
What's wrong with that?
Idols are supposed to be special...
In fact, having something that makes you different is a great weapon.
That doesn't matter.
What if everyone hates me?
Would I be all alone again?
If they really didn't like you, no one would come to your concerts.
Tonight's another full house, isn't it?
Maybe I'm just not cut out to be an idol...
Get a hold of yourself!
New girls enter the industry all the time.
Miss, are you interested in being an idol?
I'm a scout for a talent agency...
Oh, you're interested in me?
You have a good eye...
Hello.
The dealer...
Hey, there...
Whoa, are you okay, honey?
Wow.
You must really love her, man...
Here's your magic item.
Yeah, we've used every trick in the book to come this far,
but it all depends on how her next CD sells...
She's lost confidence in herself.
It'll be tough to keep going now.
Honestly, I think she has talent...
Hello, Ai-chan!
Your manager was telling her boss that they're nearly through with you.
Are you with the theater staff?
Do I look like I'm with the theater staff?
Who are you?
If you come in without permission, security will get mad.
I guess you could say...
I'm a scout.
It's been a while, Malkin.
How does it feel to be awake, Aiatar?
I'll take away your cheer like a vampire.
Hey, I can't reach Akari...
What's going on?
She said she was going to buy a computer.
And you let her go off on her own, Captain?
You're calling me that, too?
Do you normally turn off your phone when you're shopping?
I bet she's off playing around.
Morning, script kiddie.
Nope, she's a magical girl.
A magical girl?
That's what she calls herself, so that's what she must be.
That's amazing!
A magical girl, huh?
Akari hasn't returned yet.
The time Hana predicted is approaching.
Without Akari, the operation will be less effective.
Where's she gone off to?
She needs to realize her position.
Akari isn't like that.
When there's a job for her, she always does it.
You're right.
I'll be standing by in the Ordinary.
You're right... I'm sorry.
Has something happened to Akari?
I really hate all those Globe Impacters.
Hey, magical girl.
Can't you use your magic power to put them all out of commission?
We know you have the skills to do it.
Do it now, magical girl.
Fine.
A concert with no audience, huh?
It's kind of sad, but I guess it's all right.
Abreaction!
MM bus signal detected.
This is...
Shinjuku Development Zone 2!
Begin the launch.
You can't make it that far.
And that's probably an artillery type.
If it sees you, it'll shoot you down.
That's a lot better than fighting in the middle of town.
Just do it, please!
Vice Commander!
Roger, Captain.
Teppei?
Initiating launch sequence.
Wait...
Here goes, Captain.
Do it!
Earth Engine Ordinary, launch!
It isn't going to make it.
It's okay.
The captain will make it.
I'm counting on you, Livlaster!
You're a wimp.
Daichi!
No more bets.
He's hiding behind the building.
Either way, if time runs out, we win.
Cheerful artillery... Totally invincible.
It isn't coming to finish him off.
They realize it just needs to become a Kiltgang?
Will we have to submit a request for the low-orbit Impacters?
What?
The low-orbit Impacters are being hacked.
Sixty percent are off-line!
What's happening?
Nice...
Now Globe's Impacters can't activate.
In other words, if she can become a Kiltgang, we win.
We're running out of time...
Hiding is pointless...
I'm going!
If you go out there, they'll shoot you!
Even if it's close, I have to do it!
There are only two types of close.
You understand, don't you, Captain?
Yeah, I do!
Captain!
He's out of weapons!
The end.
I still have one!
I told you that it's over!
Time's up, Neoteny.
Pierce through it, Livlaster!
What?
That was close, in a lot of ways...
What about Akari?
He got me.
Whining. Whimpering. Miserable.
I wonder if I can still make it to the concert.
I love my fans so much, I want to eat them up.
Guess I'll sing for them.
Hi! This is your lovey-dovey bunny!
Yup.
Yup.
Yup...
I see, okay.
Aiatar screwed up.
Oh...
To get even, maybe we'll have her make all the Globe bases self-destruct.
You can do it, can't you, magical girl?
Right now, over ninety percent of the low-orbit Impacters are off-line.
Does Akari have something to do with that?
There's a good chance the enemy is using
her skills and knowledge of Globe's secrets.
Another group is trying to trace her location via the route of the breach,
but she's bounced off a lot of servers, so they can't trace her...
It's my fault.
I shouldn't have let her go alone.
Is it done?
Answer me.
Have you done what I ordered you to?
If I could have avoided it, I'd have preferred not to use this magic.
After all, I can only use it once.
A second time, and they'll be watching for it, so it won't work...
What are you talking about?
All the nuclear weapons aboard the low-orbit Impacters,
as well as every Russian, Chinese, and American nuclear missile, will all launch at once.
If you don't release me in ten minutes,
the whole Earth will become a wasteland.
Are you an idiot?
If you do that, humanity will be wiped out.
Teppei's a good, honest kid.
And he told me that the Planetary Gears
came to the Solar System and waited for humanity to evolve.
And that you couldn't bear waiting anymore.
If the missiles are launched, humanity will be wiped out.
But all that means for them is death.
You won't be able to die,
but how long will you have to wait before another sentient source of Orgone energy
evolves in this Solar System?
A few hundred million years?
A few billion years?
Crap... She's serious!
She's really going to launch the nukes!
What?
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
Don't think you aliens can beat a magical girl!
The Midsummer's Knights rush to repair the damaged Earth Engine,
but the Planetary Gears quickly activate a new Machine Goodfellow.
In the midst of a fierce battle,
the Earth Engine finally lets an enemy escape.
What will Teppei do?
On the Windy Planet
On the Windy Planet.
Earth Engine, scramble!
