They're holding a meeting of the Union Lords, so we've been summoned to Jalucia.
Over six months since the Great Hall Tragedy, and now there's finally a meeting?
I'm not exactly thrilled to go, but I suppose there's no choice.
Ever since that incident, everyone has had a keen interest in your next move.
Perhaps it's because you aided Sir Theo in the battle for Savis.
Lord Villar has certainly earned high praise, in my opinion
I don't know about that.
Lord Alexis, who has since become the leader of the Union,
does not wish to engage the Alliance in battle.
By the way,
when was your birthday again?
Amazing. I can't believe you can manipulate multiple targets at once!
Once you get the hang of it, it's quite easy.
Please show me how! I'd love to learn!
W-Well, I suppose I don't mind.
Thank you very much!
Understood.
I'd forgotten that Margaret's 25th birthday was coming up.
If I may say so,
I'm well aware that you're always thinking of our futures, and truly appreciate it.
That said, Lady Margaret would prefer to continue being under contract to you.
However, it wouldn't do to show only Margaret preferential treatment.
Siluca.
I'd like you to start making preparations for Margaret's birthday banquet right away.
Also, regarding the upcoming Lords' meeting...
I'd like you, Theo and Lassic to accompany me.
You wish to take Sir Theo as well?
Federico Rossini, the Viscount of Systina, will also be attending.
It wouldn't hurt for Theo to meet him.
Thank you for taking it into consideration.
No need to thank me.
I want you there to insist that you were the ones who started that battle.
And that I merely lent you a helping hand.
Of course we will, sir.
I'm counting on you.
Lady Margaret, Happy Birthday!
Congratulations!
Thank you for looking after me.
Will you be returning to your homeland after this?
Yes.
It's all so glamorous.
There will be dancing afterwards, you know.
Are you a skilled dancer, Sir Theo?
Not by a long shot! I've never even seen anyone dancing before.
Meletes?
Lady Margaret...
I'd like to wish you... a happy birthday.
What's with the long face, Siluca?
I had hoped to learn so much more from you, Lady Margaret.
Me, teach you?
But I'm Hellfire Margaret.
I have nothing to teach but basic chemical spells.
But I still have so much to learn.
Siluca...
You might not be a mage under contract to Lord Villar,
but you've caused him trouble, as well as received his favor.
I understand that.
I'm counting on you to take care of Artuk and Lord Villar.
Anyone can see that they're made for each other.
You have a point.
But as outsiders, this is one thing we have no way of fixing.
Right.
Let's dance!
Huh? Are you sure about this?
After seeing that amazing dance, no time like the present!
Sorry!
One... Two... Three...
Try to keep to this rhythm, and move your feet in time.
I see.
Move your body... a little closer to mine.
Are you sure?
That's what you do when you dance.
T-Too close!
R-Right in my face!
It looked a lot easier when I watched it.
Well, it was your first time.
That was quite entertaining.
Your talent lies more in buffoonery than in being a Lord, wouldn't you say?
Even if it's as a buffoon,
to earn any praise from you, Lord Milza, would be a lifelong source of pride for me.
My dislike of you is confirmed.
Come with me.
Didn't think you'd bring a shield.
Feel free to make the first move!
That so?
I thought I'd cross swords with you, but who knew you'd only defend?
I thought this is how I should fight.
This is not how a Lord should fight!
You can only protect yourself behind a shield.
By eliminating your opponents, your allies will survive.
You'll save more allies in the end.
And that is how...
a Lord worthy of his title should fight!
I thank you... for your instruction.
All other Lords are just like you, hence why the era of Chaos drags on.
Only one person can acquire the Emperor's Crest.
So why not determine the victor in battle?
Men like you, who lack ambition and the mettle to protect your allies,
have no right to be Lords.
But I have a path I've sworn to follow.
An untold number of citizens have lost their lives with you at the helm.
And there will be many more in the future.
That might be true.
So you strive for oppression, I see.
Eventually, I will serve as the fangs of the one who becomes emperor.
And my hope is that Lord Villar will turn out to be that man.
I was a nervous wreck the entire time!
You and me both.
Wherever that man goes, a pile of enemy corpses will be in his wake.
But it's possible I could leave a trail of dead allies in mine.
That's what it means to strive for justice.
Though I'd rather not go down such a path.
Sir Theo, you have empathy for others, and the power to fuse their souls into one.
In other words, the path you seek to follow,
was born from a desire you share with those who suffer under the Chaos and oppression.
Meaning it's not just my path to follow.
You'll go down that path with me, won't you?
Of course!
Thank you very much for the splendid party.
If I may speak my mind, I wish I could've served you longer.
It makes me happy to hear you say that.
But as you're a priestess of the order that worships the Sacred Flame,
if I kept you here any longer, I'd get an earful from Dartania's viceroy.
To tell the truth, I would've liked to lean on your wisdom a bit longer.
Since you're basically the only one I can consult on foreign policy...
I'm happy to hear that.
Regarding military and foreign policy matters, I think you'll be able to rely on Siluca.
The next Mage Leader, Laura, is capable of handling domestic affairs.
Siluca, eh?
I wonder why she had such an aversion to me?
She ate up all the Lustful Earl rumors swirling around Eramu.
But that's not fair.
In my mind, there's no man alive who treasures women more than I do.
I find it hard to agree with that.
You don't think I treasure you?
Or is it that you just refuse to get seriously involved?
Isn't she beautiful?
Lady Floria.
Daughter of the man who founded the Alliance, the Blood-and-Iron Earl, Jurgen Kreische.
Yes.
She married into the Constance family, a member of the Alliance at the time.
However, my father, Lucien, defected to the Union.
Denied permission to return to the Kreische clan,
and filled with a fierce hatred of my father...
My incarcerated mother began to abuse me.
My mother couldn't forgive me.
You have the corrupt Constance blood in your veins.
You are not my child, she would tell me.
How terrible...
That's my earliest memory of my mother.
I came to hate my mother, and cursed my Kreische blood.
And I revered my father.
So why do you now feel such reverence for Lady Floria?
It's not as complicated as you'd think.
My mother was sure that father would fear the Kreische blood running in my veins.
I was told that I resembled her, you see.
Don't tell me...
Lady Floria deliberately rejected you so you wouldn't come to harm?
I'll never know the truth.
But rather than despise the woman who gave birth to you...
Lord Villar...
Please, do not cry.
That's why I don't wish to talk on this matter.
I have always loved you!
You were the woman I could trust more than anyone else.
But, even though I worship women, I may also fear them.
And the reason I could never take you as my bride was obvious from the start.
All I hoped for was to remain by your side, nothing more.
I'll be praying that you find happiness.
A meeting of the Lords will be held in Jalucia.
Needless to say, we will have to attend as well.
Normally, we'd travel by ship,
but this time, at the suggestion of a mage who dislikes the sea,
we'll be making the trip together by land.
In that case, I shall invite you all to my seaside castle another time.
Siluca, kindly go over the plan one more time.
Understood.
Due to Lord Lassic's conquest of Sievis,
the Lords of the neighboring Forbes and Clovis are now immensely agitated.
We will vanquish these two countries
as we make our way towards the Union nation of Ismeia.
We'll send our troops back upon arrival, while the rest of you will head on to Jalucia.
Sir Lassic, you will go to Forbes with Sir Theo,
while the main unit will advance into Clovis.
Roger that!
You'll deal with Lords who declare their intent to remain with the Alliance in battle,
and send those who wish to join the Union to the main unit.
This is shaping up to be an epic stage!
We'll go to the Lords' meeting, bearing Forbes and Clovis as souvenirs!
We have come to align ourselves with the Union.
Where is Jericho Orlick, King of Forbes?
He has resolved to remain with the Alliance.
Well, that's a bold resolution.
What are the other Lords up to?
In the northeast, Baron Brannis, a lLrd in service to the King of Forbes,
has barricaded himself in a robust castle.
Brannis, huh?
I hear they call him the Venomous Snake of Forbes.
The free Lord Baron Ladvan has decided to side with the King of Forbes.
Sir Lassic?
What is it?
I inquire if you would allow Sir Theo to take care of Baron Ladvan.
Fine by me!
In that case...
I shall seize the castle of this so-called Venomous Snake of Forbes.
Do you wish me to lend you some troops?
I can manage on my own.
Hand over your Crests to me, and depart this territory without delay.
You may take any fortune you can carry.
However, you have but three days to withdraw.
If you remain after that deadline, I cannot guarantee your survival.
What the hell...
How impetuous you are!
Can't we discuss this in a more amicable way?
Like over drinks at a banquet, Union-style.
I assure that my daughters will show you the utmost hospitality.
Dartania is not a member of the Union. I request your answer.
True, if you're not inclined to negotiate, talking would just be a waste of time.
What is your intention?
That goes without saying. I will murder you, and take over your Crest.
Lord Brannis!
Would treating an emissary this way violate the Lords' code?
You, there... What is your name?
My name is Nikola.
Then, Nikola, I want you to witness what is about to transpire.
Nothing significant will occur.
Nothing but the demise of one misguided Lord, that is!
I-Impossible!
If you'd just handed over your Crest, you wouldn't need to die.
W-Wait
To kill a venomous snake, all you need to do is stab the mouth it opens to bite you.
A-All at once
When it's just you against a horde,
it's easier to fight if they surround you.
Since everyone around you is your enemy.
U-Unbelievable!
Did you see to the end?
Y-Yes.
Sooner or later, the Sievis forces will arrive to claim this castle.
Be the one to relay how this came to pass.
I will gladly do as you say.
Well, I've sacked this castle all by myself...
What will you do?
MARCHING
EPISODE 7: THE WHITE PRINCE
