Black Vinegar Middle School
The guys from Salt Middle School are strong!
Black Vinegar Middle School Gang Leader: Edano Tsuyoshi
Damn it... So he's Salt Middle School's Tenga the Demon!
Salt Middle School Gang Leader: Onigawara Tenga
Is that all you've got? That wasn't even a warm-up.
Damn it!
The shadow leader!
Someone get Teru-san!
D-Damn...
That's Teru-san for you.
But isn't this a bit overboard?
It had to be done.
They had the nerve to stand up to me.
What's for lunch today? We can actually go out for lunch sometime, right? Right? Right? Right?
If you show idiots like these that you're out of their league,
they'll suddenly bow down to you, like completely different people.
Just like you guys.
Black Vinegar Middle School 2nd-year Hanazawa Teruki
Not to mention, it's not a bad idea having these guys indebted to me.
Teru
Be it power or people...
I'm going to take advantage of everything I can.
After all, I'm the main character in this world.
Mob Psycho 100
Idiots Only Event Kin
Shige, wake up!
You're going to be late.
Good morning. Isn't it a lovely morning, Partner?
You surprised?
Well, you know what they say. Yesterday's enemy could be today's friend.
Hm? You want to shake hands?
What are youStop! Wait, wait!
You startled me! What was that for?!
I thought this might be a dream.
And when you think that, you're supposed to pinch your own cheek!
Who are you?
I'm Dimple! The head of the religious group!
You know, we had a fight to the death yesterday!
Oh... So you didn't completely disappear.
W-Wait! Hear me out!
I don't plan on living the rest of my life as some spirit!
But aren't you already dead?
You're not supposed to go there, Shige-chan.
An idol! A pro baseball player! A movie star!
Everyone has some kind of dream!
And I have an ambition, too.
To stand at the top of all creation...
Basically, to become God!
I dream of the day that I become God.
Huh... So that's why you created that religious organization.
Though it was destroyed.
But now I know...
that in order to gain command over people's hearts,
I just have to show off some strong psychic powers.
Shige-chan! Pair up with me!
Let's shoot for the top of the world together!
Any more final words?
Eek!
Seriously?!
I don't want to disappear yet!
I won't do anything bad anymore!
Really?
Really!
All right.
Then I'll discuss it with my master.
Don't do anything weird at my home or school.
Talk about a softy.
I'll just wait for my chance to possess him.
Nii-san, Mom says to hurry up and eat breakfast.
Okay. I'll be right there.
Were you talking to someone just now?
Nope.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, hurry up.
Okay.
Your brother seems pretty smart and nice, Shige-chan.
My name's Shigeo.
Call me Shige-chan one more time, and I'll exorcise you.
A-All right. Sorry, Sh-Shigeo.
Seasoning City, Salt Middle School
Just as I found out yesterday, it's hard to read what Shigeo's thinking.
I must study his personal and social life and try to figure him out.
If all goes well, Shigeo could start to see me as someone who truly gets him.
If he eventually starts relying on me...
Hey, Kageyama-kun.
You're Kageyama Ritsu-kun from Class 1-3, right?
Yeah.
I'm Mezato from Class 2-1 and the school paper.
Do you have a sec?
So you're in the same class as my brother.
If you want to know about his psychic powers, ask him yourself.
Aw, come on. I have something interesting to tell you, too.
Did something happen with my brother?
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
I accept.
I'll exorcise this evil spirit photo,
so please come back in about two hours.
Graphic Exorcism!
This is one of Reigen's special moves, where he uses CG software to edit photos
Graphic Exorcism
and makes them look perfectly natural.
Crap!
I accidentally erased the client's eyebrow, too!
Master.
Is that you, Mob? I'm a bit busy right now, so give me a minute.
Wait... That's your master?
Yup. He's Master Reigen, a psychic.
Uh, you can't be serious.
What do you mean?
I don't feel any spiritual power from him at all.
That idiot Shigeo is totally getting used.
I could let him know...
But no, this is fine.
I'm going to use him to the fullest, too!
All right, it's done.
Master, I've had this spirit stuck to me since this morning.
What do you think I should do?
Should I erase it?
Hm?
Hmph. You won't be able to see me, you fake.
It's too weak for me to see.
Wha!!?
For you, it'd be about the same as a ladybug on your shoulder.
Do whatever you want.
Good for you.
If you don't cause any harm, I won't erase you.
A Delicious Lifestyle MobDonalds
Where Dimples Magically Appear On Your Face When You Eat
There's nothing that triggered it.
Nii-san was born with his psychic powers.
Ever since I can remember,
Nii-san has been causing strange phenomena and showing me.
To me, Nii-san was the standard of the world.
Standard?
But it's been a while since Nii-san's used his powers in front of others.
What happened to my brother?
Mob-kun's caused quite a stir.
We're Looking For Our God. The Psycho Helmet Religion
Doesn't this look like you, Shigeo?
No.
Hm? This phone number's... I see.
So now they're seeking support from Shigeo.
Jeez, they're so easy to read.
Mob-kun's hidden charisma
managed to bring forth adoration from a lot of people at once.
So much so that it formed a new religion.
I think he deserves more recognition.
So I thought I'd get an exclusive from your point of view
I'll have to decline, Mezato-senpai.
Nii-san's powers are not some sideshow.
No, that's not what I meant...
Well, maybe I did.
But he could get really popular
Well, I'll be going now.
Kageyama Ritsu-kun.
Kageyama Ritsu-Class 1-3 in the student council Hot! Top of his class Good at sports Good at sprints Apparently he's fast
Seems a bit hard to get close to Has a lot of secret fans Relationship with brother: unknown I don't really know about Mob-kun, either Likes tofu Blood type: B Born 7/2
His grades are at the top of his class,
and he's a hot, popular guy who is great at sports.
He's got everything that Mob-kun doesn't.
Jeez...
People really aren't born equal...
Nii-san was the standard of my world.
Psychic powers were a perfectly normal existence for me.
Because I'm his little brother,
I thought that I would be able to use them, too, someday.
That's what I wished for...
Charisma, my foot!
Popular, my foot!
Give me a break!
Psychic powers aren't that cheap!
I'm leaving now.
Nii-san. I'll go with you.
That's rare. You're usually gone early.
There isn't a student council meeting this morning.
Also, I wanted to talk to you about something.
He seems to be pretty close to you.
Why don't you use your psychic powers more often?
I don't get any opportunities to.
And I'm telling you there's plenty!
I guess you don't have any desires.
I do, but using my powers would be pointless.
Huh?
Psychic powers aren't needed to survive in the first place.
You're the only one who thinks that!
They're not pointless! You just haven't realized how useful they are!
Are there things that you can't have, even if you use your powers?
Not at all! You can even become God!
Muscles.
What is he talking about?
Or the ability to understand girls, or read my surroundings.
I think there's even more than that, like wisdom.
I envy you, Ritsu.
Hm... Yeah.
Find the Area
I mean, psychic powers can't even help you solve math problems.
If those powers belonged to someone else,
we would have seen a completely different world...
What did you want with the Body Improvement Club?
This is no place for the likes of you.
Unlike you guys who waste your lives away,
we are living in the moment, Onigawara.
What about them?
If you have something to say, let's go outside.
He avoided the question!
I'll keep this short.
You guys in the Body Improvement Club
have the strongest bodies in Salt Middle School.
I want to ask for your guys' help in order to crush Black Vinegar Middle School!
Sadly, this is lower body strengthening month,
so we're busy doing squats.
Squats?! What are you...
Fighting is stupid!
Our muscles don't exist for something so petty!
What'd you say?!
Say no to violence.
H-He stopped Yamazaki with one hand...
With these musclebound freaks on our side, we'd definitely be able to win!
What?
There's one guy who obviously hasn't improved his body...
Shigeo, you aren't actually aiming for this, are you?
Progress Toward
Mob's Explosion
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 28
Mob Psycho 100
Next is today's weather.
Though a lot of parts will be sunny today,
there is some instability in the atmosphere.
There is a possibility of thunderstorms and high winds.
If you're going out, it may be a good idea to bring along a foldable umbrella...
You gotta fight poison with poison.
I'll send Salt Middle's extraterritoriality, the Body Improvement Club,
to clash with Black Vinegar Middle's shadow leader, Hanazawa Teruki.
You've got that saying slightly wrong.
And the Body Improvement Club isn't really poison...
Isn't the nuance of extraterritoriality a bit weird, too?
I think he just wanted to try saying it.
Both of those came up in class recently.
Apparently Tenga-san is actually paying attention.
Though he's an idiot
Th-There it is!
Demon Rush! Tenga-san's special move of repeated punches!
It's a legendary move that you rarely get to see.
It's supposed to be rare, but apparently he's using it here!
You really are amazing, Tenga-san.
To Kageyama-kun of the Body Improvement Club <3 How are you? I'm a girl, but Kageyama-kun, I abhor you!!! I'll be waiting for you at Ankle Park. <3 Please come!!!
Th-This is...
What is this? Abhor?
Did I offend someone?
I'm assuming it's supposed to be a love letter.
They spelled adore wrong.
Adore? What?!
Er, that's definitely a lie.
Huh?
This is a lie?
That's a guy's handwriting, so it's clearly a fake love letter.
You're too unpopular to realize, huh?
So, this is a lie?
Let it go, Shigeo. Let it go.
It's a li
Challenge. By Onigawara. You took real good care of us last time. Our helper will deal with you this time, so come to Ankle Park. Bring as many as you want. Don't run away, you rice bastards!!!
We received a challenge.
The only one with handwriting this bad
is Onigawara from Salt Middle School.
He doesn't give up, does he?
What's this you rice bastards part mean?
I think he wanted to write you rat bastards.
You're so smart, Edano-san.
No, it's just that Onigawara is stupid.
My plan is so perfect that I scare myself.
Now we just have to wait for them to take the bait, and make our move.
I'm sure the guys from Black Vinegar Middle will be there,
but will the guy from the Body Improvement Club show up?
He might think it's a prank.
No, he'll definitely fall for it.
Just in case, I wrote I'm a girl, on it.
And added a heart!
A girl wouldn't write I'm a girl...
Seriously, no one's going to fall for that.
But he did.
You're seriously...
Well, if a girl actually is waiting, I'd feel bad for her.
I told you that's a fantasy!
Ankle Park
Are you sure about this?
You didn't even tell the muscle guys.
We're supposed to train on our own today.
Hey.
You're from Salt Middle School, aren't you?
Huh?
Captain Musashi, there's trouble!
Put on Muscle! Burn the Fat!
This was under a dumbbell.
We have Kageyama. If you want him back, fight us. From Black Vinegar Middle School
Kageyama-kun's been kidnapped!
Body Improvement Club
Pumped Up
We're going to Black Vinegar Middle School!
We're going to get Kageyama back!
Hey, what do you want to do today?
What do you want to do?
Well, first, go to a cafe...
Shigeo, do you know these guys?
No, not at all.
Do you understand what's going on?
No, not at all.
Your submissiveness doesn't go away, does it?
For the guy that Onigawara called in to help, he's pretty quiet.
Kageyama, was it?
Sorry, but we have to uphold our image,
so we're going to take you hostage.
I see...
Looks like you were tricked by that Onigawara guy, Shigeo.
We've already told Onigawara
that if he wants his friend back, he needs to come get you.
Though, either way, you're sort of screwed.
Shigeo.
Thugs and politicians care about their image more than anything.
Make sure you're ready to release your powers at any time.
You're not supposed to use psychic powers against other people.
Tch! He's always so accepting of things, but he's so staunch when it comes to that.
Just use your damn powers in a situation like this!
The guys from Salt Middle School are here to fight!
About time, Onigawara.
They shouldn't have been able to recover from their wounds yet.
Let's finish them off!
Actually, that's not it!
It's not Onigawara,
but these guys in short sleeves and shorts who I've never seen before!
Not to mention...
They're insanely strong!
Who the hell are these guys?
Wh-Who are you?
I'm the captain of the Body Improvement Club at Salt Middle School, Goda Musashi.
Goda Musashi
Bring Kageyama out here.
Kageyama...?
Who's that?
Huh? Captain Musashi? What are you guys doing here?
It's him?!
Oh, I just had something to do.
Kage
Kageyama
This guy wasn't a helper...
I promise I'm not slacking.
He was a landmine!
Damn it! Onigawara tricked us!
It looks like you're not hurt.
All right, let's go, Kageyama-kun.
Okay.
We need to get back and work out.
Stop messing around!
Like we'd just let you leave!
You're all going to bleed!
Get'em, boys!
Hurry... and get Teru-san...
I called him a long time ago.
But he's late...
Is that bastard flirting with some girl again?
Did some gorillas wander in?
Apparently you need to be disciplined.
Teru-san!
Are you aware of the term organized violence?
Those pieces of trash lying around here
are the symbols of my authority within my life at school.
And now that you've shattered that,
you've basically thrown mud in my face.
Are you a delinquent, too?
He's our shadow leader, Hanazawa Teruki-san!
Teru-san, these guys think they're tough, so please teach them a lesson.
Edano, as of today, you need to step down from being the leader.
You're too small-minded.
Huh? Please wait...
My dignity's on the line.
It looked like he just teleported.
I think you're just seeing things.
We got what we came for.
We'll be going now.
I'm the one who decides whether or not you leave.
Very well...
I don't feel right about facing someone with such a frail body, but...
Society always underestimates me...
Fools who don't try to look beneath the surface...
That's why you're so easy to control.
The star doesn't get to bask in the spotlight because he's the star.
The star gets to be the star because he basks in the spotlight.
If you have your own spotlight,
bugs with low IQs always flock to you.
What are you talking about?
Hey, vermin. Stop hiding and come on out.
Onigawara!
So it's you.
Hurry up and crush him!
Damn it! Take this!
It's heavy...
It's just a slap, but it packs a real punch!
He's tiny, but he swings like a bear.
Are you even human? You monster!
I'm impressed.
You managed to blow us away despite the weight difference.
You must have some uniquely excellent muscles.
Muscles?
You bastard!
You're gonna see hell!
Demon Rush!
What?!
My fists aren't reaching him!
Muscles and fighting techniques... This is why average people are so sad.
I'll show you something.
That was close!
The leader, eh?
Hm?
Wow, one of you is apparently pretty tough.
What's with this guy?
His presence barely registers, so I didn't even notice him.
Or rather, why's he tied up?
You shouldn't use them against people.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about your psychic powers...
that you've been hitting them with.
Let alone use them for fighting...
Progression Toward Mob's Explosion: 45
Teru, the handsome esper who attacks Mob...
As men flee while psychic powers and knives fly around the thunderous battlefield,
a mysterious figure appears, and a miracle happens!
OCHIMUSHA Psychic Powers and Me
OCHIMUSHA Psychic Powers and Me
Blu-ray? Another excellent decision.
