I cannot approve of this.
You could have defeated them both, yet you allowed them to escape.
Killing them right away wouldn't be any fun.
You should chase the rabbit until it can no longer run, and kill it at the height of its terror.
But considering that you revealed Berserker's Noble Phantasm,
I believe you should have killed at least one of them.
That won't be a problem.
There is no way to counter Berserker's Noble Phantasm.
Yes.
Noble Phantasm...
Once every three days, restoration.
Surely you don't feel pity for Emiya Shirou.
You know I lack that emotion.
I will make him suffer in Kiritsugu's place!
You're awake?
That's a good sign.
Oh, your injuries seem to have healed already.
T-Tohsaka...
What are you...
Wait, what did I do?
Pick one thing to be surprised about.
I see.
I passed out, and you carried me back here.
You aren't as dumb as you look.
That's very interesting. Well, goodbye.
Tohsaka...
I should have said it earlier, but thanks.
Wait.
Why are you thanking me?
Well, you saved me, didn't you?
You shouldn't thank an enemy.
The Holy Grail War is a fight to the death.
Then why didn't you kill me?
I-I just didn't feel like it!
Attacking someone in their sleep isn't fair.
So it was a blunder on my part.
I lowered my guard, maybe because I'm more powerful.
You could say I have some emotional flab.
Emotional flab?
Are you saying that you're fat?
You're such a funny boy!
Well, next time we meet, it will be as enemies.
So be prepared.
Are we finally going home, Master?
We can't go home empty-handed, can we?
I have to make amends for my mistake.
Where's Saber?
Saber, what are you doing in here?
I have been resting.
I thought I should, at least, get into peak condition.
Shirou, how are your injuries?
Everything is fine.
I'm glad.
I must say, I am impressed.
I did not expect you to possess self-healing magic.
Shirou, regarding last night, there is something I feel I must say.
I must ask that you, my Master, refrain from such actions.
What choice did I have?
You were in danger.
You would place so much confidence in a Servant you've only just met?
We shook on it, didn't we?
Your words are gratifying to me, as a Servant.
However...
In the future, please restrain yourself.
I would have you win the Grail for me.
You want the Holy Grail, too?
Yes.
So that I might fulfill my own wish.
We Servants are Heroic Spirits.
As a result of that fame, when we make known our true identities,
we also reveal our weaknesses.
So you have me call you Saber to hide your real name?
Yes.
The Grail summons seven Servants,
each selected based on their class.
Class? Like swordsman or bowman?
Yes.
The Grail prepares seven vessels in advance,
and summons Heroic Spirits from all eras that match those vessels.
These are the seven classes.
Saber, Lancer,
Archer, Rider, Caster,
Assassin, and Berserker.
I get it.
As a hero, you were proficient with a sword,
so you were summoned in the Saber class.
Conversely, however, that is also the Saber class's shortcoming.
Shortcoming?
For example, faced with an opponent more skilled in close-quarters combat,
what would you do?
Well, if I couldn't win in a head-on attack...
I wouldn't attack directly.
Exactly.
In addition, we possess what are called Noble Phantasms.
Lancer's spear, Archer's bow, and my sword are all examples of Noble Phantasms.
Noble Phantasms are Servants' secret weapons.
However, a significant amount of mana is required for their activation.
In other words, you can't use them carelessly?
That is correct.
What's more, a Servant must call out the Noble Phantasm's true name when activating it,
so they run the risk of revealing their identity.
Oh, then that's why you make your sword invisible.
Shirou, I have a favor to ask, related to that.
It concerns my true name.
Normally, a Servant reveals their identity to their Master, so they can formulate a strategy.
However, you are unskilled as a mage.
There is a chance that an experienced mage could read your thoughts.
So I...
Then, you can't reveal your name to me.
I understand.
I'll leave your Noble Phantasm's use to your discretion.
If that's decided, let's have breakfast.
Before I forget, where did those clothes come from?
Rin gave them to me.
She said that, since I cannot dematerialize, I require ordinary clothes.
So she wears prim and proper outfits like that...
DO NOT ENTER
It's faint, but I sense mana residue.
Meaning that was no simple gas leak accident.
How could they involve ordinary people in this?
I'm sorry.
The Master is supposed to replenish you, but since I'm such a novice, I can't.
I can minimize my mana expenditure by sleeping.
Homurahara Academy Archery Dojo
Hello, Emiya residence.
Hey, Fujimura here!
Fuji-nee?
What is it? I'm a little busy right now.
Well, so am I!
I'm giving up my day off for my students.
Anyway, make me a lunch and bring it to the archery dojo ASAP!
That will be all!
Huh?
Look, Saber...
Aren't Masters supposed to avoid attracting attention?
Something like last night won't happen now.
But there is always a possibility, however small.
Allowing you to walk alone wouldn't be safe.
Saber, if someone tries to talk to you, just shake your head without replying.
It'd be best if you'd act like you don't know Japanese.
Saber?
I can sense residual mana.
Something feels off, but it doesn't seem to pose any danger.
I said it was safe, didn't I?
Hey.
I'm here with a lunch for Fuji-nee.
Would you mind calling her for me?
Ah, sure.
Boy, am I glad to see you.
You have her lunch?
Fujimura-sensei's been a handful. When she's hungry, she gets high-strung.
Why didn't you check first thing in the morning to see if she had her lunch?
Well, I was really tired, too.
Shinji again? Where is he today?
Playing hooky. I think he has a new girlfriend.
But anyway, Emiya...
Who was that woman out front?
She was gorgeous. Is she a friend of yours?
Um, it's kind of complicated.
Was?
Kuzuki-sensei!
Emiya?
She's an acquaintance of mine.
She's sort of here to check out the school...
We've never had a student from another country.
If she enrolled, she'd be an object of curiosity.
If she's a friend, look out for her, Emiya.
Yes, sir.
Incidentally, Emiya...
Outdoor shoes are forbidden in the school building.
Visitors' Lounge
Shirou, about that instructor...
Did you sense something about Kuzuki-sensei?
No, at first, he struck me as being more than he seemed.
But he is not a mage, nor does he smell of blood.
If Kuzuki-sensei turned out to be a mage, I'd be shocked.
But what do you mean, more than he seemed?
His breathing was exceedingly natural and composed.
Frankly, I was quite impressed.
Even his gait was perfectly efficient.
His pupils must be at ease with such a man as their teacher.
Then, shall we proceed to the next location?
Wait, you want to go all around the school?
Yes, until I have ascertained that it is safe.
I'm exhausted...
Huh? Emiya?
You're still at school?
You're already done?
Yeah, we're wrapping up early today.
Oh, keep up the hard work.
Hey, Emiya...
Will you ever come back to the archery club?
It sounds like Fujimura-sensei is trying to talk you into it,
but where do you stand?
Well...
Once I get things sorted out, I'm thinking of giving it another shot.
You are?
That's a bit surprising.
Surprising?
From the minute you joined, you were so good, it was scary.
But it always seemed like you weren't interested in hitting the target.
Or maybe you didn't have the desire to hit it.
I just assumed you quit because you got bored.
It's like you have no desire for anything.
Really?
I'm not saying you should be like Shinji, but why not try to have some fun?
Man, if I'm getting pity from a classmate, it must be really bad.
I mean, you never crack a smile, Emiya.
Remember training camp?
When we were all being rowdy, you were the one who didn't laugh at my best material.
I'm still holding a grudge.
Well, I need to go to the faculty room, so I'll see you tomorrow.
Mitsuzuri...
That girl's been following us.
Do you know her, Senpai?
Yeah, my old man knew her.
Kiritsugu-san knew her?
She came to visit Kiritsugu-san, then?
That's right.
She'll be staying at my place for a while, so be nice to her.
Staying at my place?
You're shacking up with her?
We aren't shacking up.
Saber will only be staying here for a little while.
Her name is Saber-san?
Yeah, I'd really appreciate it if you'd try to be friends with her, Sakura.
Sure, I can do that...
Fujimura-sensei!
Are you giving her your approval to stay, Fujimura-sensei?
As a teacher, I'd have to say absolutely not,
but I can't turn away a girl who's come here to see Kiritsugu-san...
Sure, why not?
Just think of it as a homestay!
Temperatures are expected to fall again tonight.
And I pulled out all the stops for this dinner...
Please exercise caution when driving.
And Sakura isn't coming to help, either.
Up next, we have the weather report.
Fuji-nee, it's getting late. Mind walking Sakura home?
Good evening.
Now, for tomorrow's forecast.
Fuji-nee?
The Japanese islands are under a strong, wintry pressure-distribution pattern.
It looks like this may bring nasty weather, with a focus on northern Japan.
Hello?
Didn't you hear me, Fujimura-sensei?
Take a look at how the clouds have moved since yesterday.
Sorry, request denied.
I won't be able to walk Sakura-chan home for a while.
The small clouds that had formed over the Sea of Japan
Why not?
and northern Japan are moving to the east, toward the sea.
Because starting today, I'll be staying here, too.
Huh?
Care to join me, Sakura-chan?
I can call your folks, so don't worry.
Y-Yes! Please!
I can always count on you, Fujimura-sensei!
Okay! Let's use the tatami mat room in the back.
There are lots of futons.
You don't mind, do you, Saber-chan?
What kind of incense is this?
A witch's potion, most likely.
Possibly a poison that supposedly destroys love.
In which case, we're dealing with a woman?
Whatever her resentment, it must be powerful to have made her into a Servant.
Enough talk. I'm opening a window.
The flow is toward Ryuudou Temple?
Yes, the stolen life force is all flowing toward the mountains.
The culprit behind the coma incidents is probably Caster.
A witch inhabiting Ryuudou Temple, huh?
That means we made a mistake last night.
A mistake?
Fighting Berserker to a draw, you mean?
I think that was the optimal outcome.
I'm not so sure.
If Caster's spread such a wide net, she must have observed last night's battle.
Nevertheless, we tipped our hand, while failing to defeat our opponents.
Perhaps.
We'll track Caster.
You can still sense her, right?
We'll put an end to this before she can flee to Ryuudou Temple.
I thought your policy is to avoid things you know are beyond you.
It is.
But don't you think this is a special case?
You won't be satisfied until you start a fight, huh?
You're ignoring an easily-defeated opponent, and going after the most difficult one.
It's fine.
We can take him out whenever we want.
I'm just choosing to ignore him, as long as he stays hidden at home.
Then, what if Emiya Shirou comes to you,
still choosing to ignore that he is a Master?
I'll kill him.
I owe nothing to someone who doesn't understand that.
Sakura and I understand one another.
It's because I know the most about my brother.
No, I cannot give you the Command Seals.
Just prepare yourself!
Shirou!
I shall kill you gently.
Next time Dancing After School
