I've come home.
Yes.
It all starts here.
You're right.
Demon territory.
They deliberately let the Chaos run rampant on this island.
That way, settlements get fragmented, and it's hard for people to band together.
That type of ruling would never be allowed.
I feel the same way.
That's why I'm here.
So what's the next step?
Let's go to the town of Laxia.
That's Rossini's territory.
If we go there, wouldn't they know that we've arrived?
That's exactly what we want.
Phederico Rossini must've heard by now that you've declared to come to Sistina.
We'll actually use the Rossini family
to spread the word all over Sistina that the hero, Theo Cornaro, has returned.
To overthrow the Rossini family, it's imperative that the people rise up.
To make that happen, we'll start by having you openly announce yourself in Laxia.
They'll reach out to every town on the island to apprehend you.
And so, they'll spread the word for us that someone opposed to the Rossinis has arrived.
I had no idea it was thriving this much.
Irvin and Priscilla, I'd like you to go procure our supplies.
- Understood. -Very well.
Lady Siluca, why don't you and the others go eat?
Good idea. We need to be conspicuous.
Jana, you truly are gorgeous.
Am I?
It's her!
You wretched...
Who are they?
Just some people I met before.
You know, they really made me suffer.
If those three are your enemy, I suppose I can't look the other way.
My name is Salvador Rossini.
You can go ahead and tell me your name.
I'm Theo Cornaro.
What? I see, so it's you.
I've heard about you.
That there's someone reckless enough to try to revolt against the Rossini family in Sistina.
Rossini. Mark my words, I'll defeat you, and liberate the people of this island!
I'd like to see you try.
This island is and will be ours, for all eternity!
In the name of the Rossini family, I order you to swear a blood oath of fealty!
- We have to run. - Why?
Those who gather around the Omerta Flag become ruthless.
They'll carry out the most cruel act without any remorse.
Then all we have to do is massacre them all.
I don't want to drag the townsfolk into this.
Flash!
- What was that? - Hey!
Damn it.
How could you leave us behind!
We had a hard time finding you!
Sorry.
There's a search party patrolling the town. There seems to be an Artist among them, too.
That's right, one of Rossini's Artists was that assassin who gave you trouble.
That was a blunder on my part.
But still, what's that Black Witch from the Forest of Eternal Darkness doing on this island?
People with baggage flee to this island, where they become the Rossini family's guest.
It happens all the time.
Either way, I think we've met our goal of spreading the word of your return.
Almost too effectively, huh?
Yes.
All right, here's the next step.
Let's tour the neighboring villages, and call on the people to revolt.
Cornaro my foot, that wannabe hero!
Hey, Dad, let me take care of him. I'll get rid of him for sure!
Fine.
That's what I like to hear! I'll bring you back Theo's head in no time!
Slow down, Salvador. It would be better to gather the proper amount of troops first.
You like to play it safe, Brother.
Don't forget, Salvador.
Execute extreme caution, and act boldly.
That's the Rossini way.
I know that.
Take down the Rossinis? Impossible.
You'd best leave this island while you're still alive.
I know that it won't be easy. But I can't just leave.
How many of you are here? Did you bring along a large force?
No, these are the only comrades I brought. I'd like the people of Sistina to rise up.
Then it's all the more impossible.
You people can do whatever you want. But we have no intention of helping you.
But why?
Don't you all abhor the Rossini family?
Everyone who's resisted has been killed.
Rather than stand up to them, it's better to get on the Rossini's good side.
There are a lot of people who feel that way, even in this village.
You better watch out so nobody snitches on you.
What's the matter with them? Do they want things to stay the way they are?
I'd heard that Sistina was ruled with fear and despair, but this...
People who swear a blood oath of fealty to the Rossinis
are given the right to plunder, under the guise of collecting taxes.
So some try to become plunderers to curry favor.
Unbelievable.
It's been like this ever since.
Those who plunder, and those who get plundered.
They turn their citizens against each other,
and take their cut without ever soiling their own hands.
I'm starting to realize how hard it's going to be to defeat the Rossini family.
Two hundred?
Isn't that number too low for troops?
I haven't heard about any huge forces arriving on the island.
This will be more than enough.
The other side has brought a skilled Shadow. Please don't let your guard down.
You mean the one you failed to kill in Jalucia?
All right, let's see you take him out. I'm giving you a chance to redeem yourself.
Salvador!
I'll be away from the mansion for a while. I want you to wait for me.
Please. Make sure you kill those two.
I'll make your wish come true.
Seriously, I have a good idea where Theo's bound to show up.
You're wonderful!
You can't be too careful.
Boltz.
What is it, sir?
Go send a warning to the people.
Show them what will happen if they side with the enemy.
Get out of this village!
J-Just because they suspected us of sheltering you,
they burned down the village to the north!
So many people have lost their homes!
Wait a second!
It's not Sir Theo you should be blaming, but the Rossinis, who committed this outrage.
Nobody wants you to bring down the Rossini family!
Just get out of this village already!
I hope they kill you all!
- You're making trouble for us! - Leave!
Isn't there anyone at all on this island who will take Sir Theo's side?
What should we do? Wouldn't it be useless if we go to the next village?
What about the village where Sir Theo was born?
All right. Let's head over.
Since I want you to see the village where I was born, too.
Let me pass.
Please, think it over!
I understand how you feel. The villagers did a terrible thing to your father.
But they had to, or...
Are you telling me they had no choice?
I've lost all hope for this village, and for Sistina.
Everybody's under Rossini's thumb, and they don't even feel bitter about it.
Theo.
Goodbye, Rebecca.
Theo!
Rebecca?
Long time no see.
Yeah.
Could you gather everyone in the village? I want to talk to them.
I never thought you'd return.
Neither did I.
Back then, I couldn't bring myself to forgive you all. That's why I left the village.
Um, what happened, exactly?
To elude the Rossini's plundering, Theo's father built a secret grain storehouse.
Whenever food became scarce in the village, he would distribute it in secret.
But then someone in the village snitched on him.
They arrived here in droves, and his father was handed over to them.
And he was killed to set an example.
I've put that behind me now.
My father must've known it could happen.
You're a fine man, Theo. And so was your father.
I'm just doing as I see fit.
The rest of you just need to think about what it is you really want.
To continue living in fear of the Rossini family?
Or to put an end to that way of living?
That's all I have to say.
Let's go.
All right.
Wait!
Rebecca.
Since it's been a while, why don't you visit your father's grave?
I suppose.
I'll go with you.
Sure.
Sir Theo?
Can you wait for me here? I'll be right back.
Understood.
You've really made something of yourself.
I wouldn't say that.
Hey, do you remember? That day you left the village?
Yeah.
It's amazing that you went on to become a Lord.
No, actually, I always knew that you were different from the other boys.
You'll find a way to defeat him. I'm certain of it!
What did the Rossinis tell you?
Wh-What are you talking about?
Tell me honestly.
So you knew.
- Yeah. - Then why did you come?
If I ran, who knew what would've happened to the village.
And they might've been threatening you.
Are you saying you did it for the village?
No one's threatening me. It's the opposite.
If I managed to lure you, I made them promise to take me to the city.
The Rossinis, that is.
Is that what you wanted?
That's right. Because it would be better than living here.
Rebecca, tell me the truth.
What do you care? It doesn't concern you anymore.
You left this village!
I'm sorry.
Back then, I just couldn't forgive the villagers.
Because I thought it was their fault my father died.
But not anymore. It's the Rossini family who I should hate for ruling this way.
If the citizens all rise up, we can defeat the Rossinis.
I came back here so I could make an appeal to do that.
That's never going to happen.
You know, right? On this island, no one survives if you stand up to the Rossinis.
- You're wrong about that! - I'm not wrong!
And besides, Theo, they're going to kill you.
That might be true. Still...
Rebecca, I want you to go back and tell everyone to flee the village.
Even if they hand me over, the Rossinis will probably make an example of this village.
They can't do such a...
Where are you going?
They're all waiting for me at Father's grave, right?
That day, I ran away from the village. But I'm not running this time.
How are you going to fight them alone? There's a lot of soldiers!
No way. You're telling us that Theo knowingly went along with Rebecca?
Why would he do something like that?
Had Sir Theo turned her down, there's no telling what they would've done to that girl.
And this village would've come under attack as well.
He did it to protect us.
- Why would he do that? - Why...
Because that is what a true Lord is.
If you see the Rossini family as your Lord, then go ahead and leave Sir Theo to his fate.
However, if you want to save Sir Theo, then take up your arms, and make a stand.
Everybody!
Please help Theo!
Listen, unless we do something, it'll be just like last time!
You remember what happened after we turned Theo's father over to them, right?
Far from rewarding us for our help, they hit us with heavy taxes as punishment!
So will we turn in Theo this time? Will the same thing happen all over again?
Do we really want to live like this forever?
Lady Siluca instructed me to come.
Irvin.
That man is the Shadow I mentioned.
He may be a footman, but he's quite formidable.
They may be highly skilled, but how much will it help to have three more on his side?
I'm hearing footsteps.
What?
Wh-What are they doing?
Sir Theo! Everybody decided to make a stand!
Rebecca.
No way! The people of this island would never revolt against the Rossini family!
Everyone...
Thank you.
Let's begin the battle to bring an end to the Rossini family's rule!
You mere villagers shouldn't get full of yourselves!
Let them find out what happens to anyone who betrays the Rossini family!
Go!
Irvin!
Rise!
Protect Sir Salvador!
Wait!
Rebecca.
G-Get out of my way!
Rebecca! Stop it!
D-Damn you!
Rebecca!
Get off me!
Salvador Rossini!
S-Sir Salvador...
Retreat! We're withdrawing! Withdraw!
Rebecca.
Theo...
I'm sorry.
Sir Theo.
She put her life on the line to stop Salvador.
Allowing Salvador Rossini to get away would've been the same as losing this battle.
Rebecca...
I wanted you to find happiness.
TO THE HOMELAND
EPISODE 14 THE LIBERATOR OF SISTINA
