In order to conduct a force reconnaissance mission
and uncover the secrets behind the Valvraves,
Haruto Tokishima and the others went down to Earth.
However, encountering Dorssian interference,
they were forced to make an emergency landing within Dorssia itself.
A chance meeting with his father, the developer of the Valvraves.
The death of Marie, who had been a Valvrave test pilot.
The existence of the Phantoms, which harvest human Runes.
And Lieselotte, the light that L-elf had searched for,
turned out to be a Magius, a nonhuman entity.
She told Haruto that a secret organization composed
of both humans and Magiuses called the
Council of 101 existed in the shadows of this world.
As Haruto and the others pursue the secrets of the Valvraves,
they begin to realize that this world is awash in secrets.
But now, they must return home.
For they have learned that one of these Phantoms is on
its way to Module 77.
Found it.
Speed, 16. Heading for the debris field.
I'm gonna take that thing down before it can reach Module 77!
Firing angle correction complete.
Adjusting firing timing...
Fire in 5... 3... 2... 1...
Fire!
They didn't hit!
I seem to recall someone
saying that we used two units, one would be sure to hit!
That was me. This is a problem...
It's not working?
Don't be crazy!! You'll never catch up!
If you keep up that speed, you're looking a thermal runaway!
But I have to try, anyway!
Come on, reach!
He did it!
Haruto! That was awesome!
That was a fluke.
If we keep fighting this way, we won't win next time.
Maybe, but right now, this is the best we can do.
Now that we've lost him as an asset...
How have you been?
You did it! Is everybody okay?
Haruto!
Haruto! Thank goodness you're okay, Haruto!
I'm glad you're okay too, Shoko.
I have so many stories to tell you!
Will you listen to them?
It's good to be back.
Was it business as usual while we were away?
Yes, thankfully. The students were hard at work, too.
Who are they?
Oh, them? JIORan researchers.
They were being held prisoner by Dorssia, so we brought them with us.
Researchers?
Iori!
Iori! Iori!
Dad!
Is it you? Is it really you? Dad!
I'm sorry, Iori.
I never meant for this to happen... I'm sorry!
Why are you apologizing, Dad?
I don't get it...
You're not making any sense!
Aw, crap... I'm getting all teary-eyed!
Mr. Yamada!
You're Raizo Yamada, aren't you? The Valvrave pilot?
The name's Thunder! And who are you, mac?
I'm Burnett, with Golden News.
Haven't you seen my show?
Never heard of it. Who are you?
He's a famous journalist!
I asked him to come.
A documentary series about us is airing every week all across ARUS.
We have a lot more people rooting for us now!
We're raising a ton of funding and supplies!
I like to think that I'm not putting out some maudlin tearjerker.
The increase in your supporters is
purely the result of your own perseverance.
Assume that we had fled without accepting Q-vier's challenge.
Gunfire from behind, loss of escape route.
The conclusion I'm led to...
It won't work!
Back even further?
The timing of my rescue of her...
Method of escaping the tower.
Buying time until Haruto Tokishima's arrival.
No...
No matter what I do... I can't save her.
The conclusion I'm led to...
Resistance activity is flaring up all across Dorssia.
The Valvraves appear to have become a trigger,
and fear towards our military is waning.
This gives the impression of formerly docile people suddenly acting out.
Will Princess Lieselotte's death make her a martyr for the Royalists?
I couldn't say, sir.
More importantly, what do you want done with
the captured Valvrave pilot?
Saki Rukino, eh?
I still can't believe it. How can Marie-senpai be dead?
Did you ever give up hope?
To be honest, tons of times.
But I was surrounded by friends.
Your escape from Dorssiana was amazing.
I can't believe you used a shuttle from a museum.
It may have been preserved in working order,
but it was still a race against the clock.
If it weren't for the schedule I'd worked out down to the second, we-
The return of the Earthfall operation team
seems to have filled the students with both
fresh sadness as well as confidence.
Check it out man, we're on TV!
It's getting the top ratings of any news show, I hear.
Even the Beast Up Company had nice things to say about us.
They say their sales have doubled thanks to us!
We've also gotten offers from insurance companies to-
This is no time to be going on TV.
You saw the Phantom, didn't you?
Those people have been eating people on a regular basis.
Just like I have!
Relax, Haruto.
And Miss Rukino's still on Earth.
And then there's the Magiuses and the Council of 101.
We have to do something.
Where are they?
Based on what Akira found when she hacked the Phantom,
given the ship's registration number,
there's probably over 100 of the things.
But other than that, we have no intel whatsoever.
If we can't even pinpoint their location,
how do you intend to fight them?
Do you some kind of plan?
A plan...
Face facts.
Right now, all we can do is focus
on what we can do and go from there.
Do you hate being a celebrity?
That's definitely what you kids are.
But that's all.
Fame is a fleeting thing.
A year from now, people will have grown tired of you,
and you'll be back to being regular people.
What are you trying to say?
Do you believe that you can win?
Unlike our viewers, Dorssia will never sympathize with you.
You lack the requisite military power to liberate your homeland.
Mr. Burnett, maybe you could go easier on him...
Haven't you ever thought you're like Don Quixote here?
That maybe Dorssia is a windmill that's just too big for you?
I can't
really say.
That was mean.
I've interviewed many people who successfully carried out revolutions,
and the one thing they had in common is that they were all naive.
These belonged to H-neun.
Are you sure it's a good idea to divvy up the belongings of a traitor?
This was the color of our hair.
After all he had done...
Why would he turn traitor?
Hey, I wanted-
This one...
belongs to me.
Fine, if you want it...
Did you really betray us?
I appreciate all your help.
From what I hear, we'll be able to repair Unit 3 thanks to you.
Just let me atone for my sins.
Of course.
Still, I'm amazed that you perfected machines like these.
I know what you mean.
I wish that we'd had another option besides using this technology.
L-elf? You're in there, right?
It's me. I'm coming in.
I want your help with something.
I know you want revenge against the Council of 101, so-
What is this?
I couldn't save her, not even in simulations.
Lieselotte!
Look, about Lieselotte...
Get out.
There is nothing that you can do.
L-elf,
I'll come back.
I can't do anything...
L-elf might take some time.
Yeah.
Look, Haruto. Don't be in such a rush.
But we-
I know things are serious.
The Magiuses. The search for Rukino. The Phantoms.
We have a ton of problems on our plate.
And then there's the matter of your dad.
But each one of those problems
isn't something that can be solved right away.
Right?
At a time like this, you should
go out on a date with Shoko or something.
It's important to take your mind off things, right?
What are you talking about? I can't, not now.
That's why we need to take our minds off things.
There's no telling when we might die.
If you're prepared to die, you can do anything, right?
Don't regret things left undone, you hear?
Sure.
There you are!
I've been looking everywhere for you!
Shoko...
Well, I should get going.
Senpai!
Where are you going?
I'm sleepy! Good night!
Good night!
Good night.
I wonder if he's worn out?
Shoko, you said you've been looking for me?
Oh, right! I have big news!
The condemnation resolution against Dorssia has been adopted!
She's been pushing for it this whole time!
She said she wanted to make them adopt a condemnation resolution!
To be honest, when Shoko suggested it, I thought it was a lost cause.
Before we knew it, we all got caught up in it.
This means that ARUS will side with us!
Not just ARUS!
They say there's 84 other countries, too!
With that many, not even Dorssia can ignore it!
ARUS has their presidential election coming up soon, too.
I guess this means that in the end, democracy is a popularity contest.
If they ignore the condemnation resolution,
the next step is a resolution to impose sanctions.
Dorssia is running out of options to avoid coming to the negotiation table.
That's why you brought in the TV crew?
I was turned down left and right at first.
Actually, even Mr. Burnett turned me down three times.
We all did some digging and then started making calls like crazy.
And then, little by little, we found people willing to work with us.
Oh, I get it. You guys were all fighting up here, too.
It's all thanks to you, Haruto.
To me?
Yeah, in that cave, you-
It'll be okay, Shoko.
Because I'm with you. I'll be with you, no matter what.
And you came back, just like I knew you would!
I had faith in you.
Even if this succeeds,
it doesn't mean that anything will change right away,
but we're tackling the things we can do one at a time.
Together.
So L-elf,
we'll be waiting for you as long as it takes.
I'll leave some dinner for you here.
The one who chose the location for this top-level summit was-
H-neun...
I can't believe someone was able to kill you.
However, in a certain sense, this will be seen as an historic meeting.
This is a-
Okay, let's pack up.
Huh? But they're still-
Let the others get this.
Why the heck would you want to leave this?
I got a tip.
But that's-
If it's genuine, this means big trouble.
That's mind-blowing!
Where did Eileen go?
I haven't seen her since this morning.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for so graciously coming to our country today.
I apologize for hosting
this august international assembly in a gymnasium.
However, this is the current reality of JIOR.
We're aware of that.
Shall we convene the meeting?
Thank you for your kind understanding.
Those children have taken this too far.
The seizure of the Phantom was an unexpected turn of events.
There is a high probability that
they have obtained information regarding us from Lieselotte.
It is our rule to refrain
from meddling in world affairs as much as possible.
But we must remove them from the world stage.
Okay! Keep it coming!
So this is the Undergrip, huh?
They say this will boost their operational duration 2.4 times.
If Prof. Kitagawa hadn't pointed it out to us,
it would still be gathering dust in the back of the hangar.
Where'd Prof. Kitagawa go?
Nobody else is around, either...
They're not in the meeting room?
That's what I'd heard, but nobody was there.
No one was there?
It is most unfortunate that delegates from
Dorssia were unable to attend, but-
No.
Allow me to join you now.
What's going on?
This wasn't in the schedule...
Ladies and gentlemen, I beg you to forgive this sudden interruption.
There is a matter of which I wish to inform the entire world.
Miss Rukino!
Do you know her name?
Allow me to introduce Saki Rukino,
Module 77 student and Valvrave pilot.
- Miss Rukino? - How did they capture her?
That she and her fellow students continue to fight against Dorssia
is a fact known the world over.
For quite some time, I have harbored doubts.
How could mere students hold their own against us, and then some?
He wouldn't!
Allow me to show you! Right now! This is their secret!
The wound, it's gone! What the hell?
What just happened? What does that mean?
Miss Rukino survived?
She should be dead!
She came back to life!
What's going on?
It's healed!
I don't get it, either!
She's alive?!
But she was stabbed through the heart!
Are you sure this isn't a trick?
No human could do that!
But she... Hey, the blood stopped!
It was really black!
Prime Minister Sashinami! What's the meaning of this?!
You understand what this means, I take it?
Yes, this creature is not a human being.
It is a monster!
Next time, episode 21. The Cost of Lies.
Valvrave the Liberator...
The system that will expose the truth of the world.
