My moves!
While I was spending my time uselessly at my internship...
Again...
I don't know
if you've figured out how to use your Quirk a little or what,
but you seriously keep rubbing me the wrong way.
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All
I don't need another half-assed result like at the sports festival.
At the upcoming finals, we'll get individual scores,
so we'll see who's better whether you like it or not.
I'll beat you with an indisputable difference!
I'll kill you!
Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion
Katsuki Bakugo: Origin
Team Midoriya and Bakugo, practical exam.
Ready, go!
I have to tell him...
Because Kacchan and I are a team...
We have to talk properly...
K-Kacchan, for this exam, the teacher is the villain, and we're the heroes,
so we need to keep in mind the villain's combat ability and choose to either fight or run,
but in our case, the villain is All Might, and fighting against him is dangerous-
I think it's a really bad idea, anyway-
Wait, Kacchan!
Stop following me!
I-If we keep going straight, All Might will probably be waiting for us.
We should take a detour-
Why should we run away?
It'd definitely be better if we beat him up!
W-We should avoid combat if we can no matter what!
We'll toy with him until it's almost over,
and then once he's tired out, I'll beat him up!
It really is hard for me to deal with Kacchan...
But I can't think about that right now.
Who do you think All Might is?
Even with the handicap, you can't win against him!
Don't say another word...
Just because things are going better for you doesn't mean you should talk.
It's pissing me off.
Pro Hero - Recovery Girl Tsuyu Asui Ochaco Uraraka Tenya Iida Momo Yaoyorozu
Oh, dear, their teamwork is nonexistent...
Do they realize who they're up against?
Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All
Now...
I am going!
Wait, Kacchan!
I'm saying this so we can pass the test!
Listen, Kacchan!
I told you, your power isn't needed to pass-
Stop yelling!
That's why we can never have a real conversation!
Who gives a damn about damaging the city?
What... What is this...
What... is this...
If you think of this as an exam, you'll be sorry.
I am a villain, heroes.
Come at me with everything you've got!
We can't take him head on. Let's run!
Don't tell me what to do!
Kacchan!
Stun Grenade!
Come at me you said, All Might?
Even if you didn't say anything, I was gonna do that...
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
Normally, if you grab someone's face, they reflexively try to move your hand.
This kid is seriously only thinking about defeating me, huh?
With such weak consecutive hits, it just stings, though.
And...
You're not off the hook either, Young Midoriya.
Are you leaving your teammate and running away?
Why am I reminded of the hero killer?!
Whoops! That's no good.
Move!
Kaccha-
One wants to defeat All Might.
The other only thinks of running.
The latter probably admires him too much.
To Izuku Midoriya, All Might is like a god.
On the other hand, I don't know much about this boy,
but from the sports festival and his grades,
he appears to have amazing combat sense.
I wonder why he's in such a hurry...
Kacchan!
Move.
I told you, there's no way you can win facing him head on!
Shut up. I'll win.
That's what it means to be a hero!
Wow!
TV
All Might really is cool!
Then it's even more important to avoid-
Let go! Don't touch me!
For now, here's a present for the one who wants to run away!
Kacchan!
Look! Did you see that just now?
Oshima Electronics
All Might really is cool, isn't he?
You think he'd totally lose four-on-one, right?
But look!
See? Right here!
He dodges like this, and then a punch!
Or so he wants you to think, and then-
See? He won!
No matter how much trouble he's in, he always wins in the end!
You're a jerk...
But... yeah...
No matter what, you always...
I admired you for that!
I know why you're so angry.
It's because of Young Midoriya's sudden improvement, right?
But you know,
there's no way Level 1 power and Level 50 power can improve at the same rate.
There's so much wasted potential in you.
Do you understand?
You do, right?
You still have so much room to grow!
But I'm not talking about power-
Shut up, All Might...
If I have to get help from that scum,
then I'd rather lose...
I see...
Don't regret this.
Damn it...!
Don't you say that you'd rather lose!
I didn't think Young Midoriya would come...
I let my guard down.
But man, these are heavy...
Bastard, put me down!
It's fine.
I said, put me down!
Kacchan, I really can't think of a way to beat All Might,
or a way to make a clean escape.
Huh?!
Before you give up, at least try using me!
Don't say that you're okay losing!
You're you because you never give up on winning, right?
Hey, you're just a first grader!
You better apologize if you bump into someone older than you!
We're gonna tell Yocchan!
Yocchan's super strong, you know!
Y-You better remember this tomorrow!
I didn't bump into you guys.
You guys bumped into me.
Wow, Kacchan!
You fought against two fourth graders and won!
The most amazing hero always wins in the end!
You've been saying that since we were kids.
How can you give up?
Kacchan...?
I won't say it again, damn nerd...
Against that crazy speed, no matter how you run and hide,
you won't be able to avoid fighting.
But we don't have a chance in a fight. Not against All Might-
Shut up, bastard! I'll kill you!
He won't even budge with half-assed power.
I figured that out earlier with those consecutive hits.
So...
Where is Young Midoriya?
Since he hid, could it mean he's heading for the escape gate?
Where are you looking?
They were behind me, huh?
You're pissing me off!
Who'd work... with someone like you...?
Deku!
So, we give him everything we've got at point-blank range.
Our only option is to inflict damage and then put some distance between us.
I see!
Shoot!
I'm sorry, All Might!
My shoulder...!
Kacchan, you were using something like this?
Run, idiot!
Oh, right!
Don't you say that you'd rather lose!
Ow... They got me.
A compromise between running away and fighting.
That's pretty good for an impromptu plan.
They also limited damage to the city by hitting places I'd already demolished.
I think I taught that to them at the first combat training.
I see. Both of them are actually pretty clever.
But they fall apart in a second when it comes to each other.
Envy, hate, pursuit.
Awe, rejection, pride.
From what I've heard,
they both have so many different feelings about
each other piled up one on top of the other
that they don't know how to interact anymore.
It's not something that can be resolved anytime soon,
but I'm sure their cooperation here will one day
be a big step for them in the future.
Now...
Your teacher's gonna do his best!
Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion He uses a nitroglycerin-like substance secreted on the palms of his hands to create explosions.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 4/20 Height: 172 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Spicy Food
All Might - Quirk: One For All Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class Teacher Birthday: 6/10 Height: 220 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Yakushima Cedar
Almost there...
Almost at the escape gate!
Do your best!!
It seems cuter than it needs to be,
but as long as one of us gets through, then we pass!
Damn, he sent that blast from where we were in the middle all the way to the gate?
What the hell?
It doesn't look like All Might's chasing us.
Don't tell me we knocked him out...?
Bastard, didn't you keep saying there was no way we'd beat him, you idiot?!
There's no way he was knocked out by that, scum!
The next time he catches up, it'll be my turn to blow him away with my gauntlet!
Yes, yes. And then?
What're you surprised about?
He's too fast...
Even like this, because of these weights, I'm nowhere near my top speed.
Now, die, heroes!
Kacchan!
Who do you think you're talking to?!
That's wonderful, boys!
You cooperated-however reluctantly-and faced me!
However, you two-
That was a prerequisite for this exam!
Overwhelming speed...
His stamina and power are also overwhelming...
It's simply... simply power.
Facing off against him, I'm reminded of that again.
That's right.
This man is the highest wall in the world.
The greatest hero!
Damn it...
What kind of face is that, Young Midoriya?
Getting away from me with your maximum firepower
and then getting through the escape gate.
That appears to have been you boys' answer,
but now that I've destroyed Young Bakugo's gauntlets,
you've lost that maximum firepower.
It's over.
Shut up...
Oww...!
I'm gonna send you flying!
I don't like it, but with what we've got right now, this is the only way to win!
Hey, wait! Don't tell me-
Die...!
Die?
Are you serious, Kacchan?!
But right now, while All Might is in the air, the goal is...
New Hampshire Smash!
Damn it!
Come now, you're being naIve, heroes!
The gauntlets were so I could use maximum firepower with no risk!
I was so stupid...
There's no way I could beat you without taking any risks!
That huge blast he used at the sports festival!
Twice...!
Go! Deku, hurry!
Earlier, my back was...
I can still move more than you, with your cobbled-together power!
Make yourself useful, damn scum!
I'll move forward even if it hurts...
If I head toward the gate, then All Might will probably try to block me...
Kacchan should be able to take advantage of that...
Go to sleep, Young Bakugo.
Sorry, but as a teacher, I'm a little traumatized when you destroy your own body to fight.
Hurry up... go... damn nerd...!
I break...
and break myself...
Even if it means twisting myself, I'll win the way I choose...
I won't accept that I can't even beat you like that...
No way!
Kacchan!
Whoops, I won't let you!
It's the times when you're scared or worried
that you should deal with smiling!
Please move, All Might!
Smash...!
I won't-
He's unconscious...
Sorry, Kacchan.
This is who I am...
Jeez, he could've passed by going through the gate by himself.
He hit me with everything he had, huh?
That's right. That's how you were from the beginning.
You can't help but save those who need rescuing.
And at times like that,
there isn't a wall that can stop you.
That's right. That's the kind of person you've always been.
Do your best!!
Good job!!
Team Midoriya and Bakugo have passed!
All matches for Class 1-A's practical exams have been completed!
Kiss...!
Th-Thank you very much, Recovery Girl...
All Might, you really don't know how to hold back, do you?
If you'd hit any harder, you would've done permanent damage!
Especially Midoriya's back. I was barely able to heal it!
Bakugo probably won't wake up for a while.
For now, the two of you should rest here.
Yes, ma'am.
You've gotten so strong since I first met you
that I can hardly recognize you, Young Midoriya.
And this young man, too...
Young Bakugo!
Because you were able to smile in the face of a wall!
That's right. You two can still become much stronger!
A lot of things happened.
Some learned their own weakness and moved a step forward...
Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot
Some were taught what is necessary for a hero...
Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening
Some were thwarted by high walls...
Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid
Some learned of their own powerlessness...
Some moved forward toward a new goal...
With these bittersweet feelings, our final exams ended.
Are you curious, Tomura Shigaraki...
Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate
Shigaraki...
You all have been the talk of the town for the past few days.
Villain - Giran
I hear you're starting something big-
And? Who are they?
So it's you, huh?
I saw a picture of you, but you look gross in person...
Wow, the hand guy!
You're friends with the great Stain, right? Right?
Let me join, too! The League of Villains!
They start moving a third time.
Every time we drive them back,
they come back stronger.
Here's the preview!
Preview
Someone appeared before me when I went to the mall with everyone...
Tell me...
It was Tomura Shigaraki!
What's the difference between me and the hero killer?
Aren't we doing the same thing?
But almost everyone is looking at him rather than me.
Why is that, Midoriya?
Next time, Encounter.
Oh, I get it.
Everything's All Might's fault.
Next time: Encounter
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
