Strawberry Custard Danish
Green Tea
I just remembered,
we're changing seats today.
I guess I'll be saying goodbye to my seat in a few hours, then.
I guess...
Depending on where he's seated, he can't slack off carelessly,
so I figured changing seats would be a significant event for Tanaka...
But he's calmer than I expected.
No, he's cast some kind of spell on himself.
I see... So he is concerned.
I'm already getting excited to see which seat I'll get. I can't wait.
I just hope I don't get the front row center seat.
Yeah, I know!
As expected, the front row is the least popular.
Is the back corner seat the most relaxing for you, Tanaka?
Tanaka, did you hear me?
This morning's horoscope said, Your luck will go down if you talk during a meal,
so can you be quiet, Ohta?
Oh... Sorry.
This isn't just an event for him... His eyes look as though he's going to war!
I've never had a front row seat, from middle school up through now.
Yeah? You're lucky.
Yep.
Nice flag, Katou.
Don't wish misfortune on others.
Everyone seems to be getting pretty complacent.
They won't stand a chance against my feelings toward this seating change.
Long Homeroom
Seating change
Tanaka... Don't be so openly listless right after changing your seat.
You're going to make me cry.
I think he's probably drooping, actually, not being listless.
Teacher, this is dreadful!
This seat is abnormally close to the blackboard!
Calm down. That's not a blackboard, it's Ohta's back, Miyano.
So does this mean I can't see anything at all from this seat?!
Sorry, Miyano... I never thought I'd be seated in front of you, of all people.
I'll be in the way of your studies if I stay here.
If you'd like, we can
Miyano-san,
you can switch with me and take the front seat.
Really, Master?!
Of course.
Thank you! Yes, I would like to switch with you!
You're so kind, Master!
Miyano-san, thank you for being small!
I get it now, Ohta.
It's not how far back the seat is that matters.
The best seat is the one right behind you.
You provide a defensive barrier and a sense of security.
I have mixed feelings about that, but thanks.
Still, I can't believe a series of coincidences
resulted in such an ideal ending, even though I had all but lost hope.
This must be a reward for my consistently good conduct.
It's not because of the spell you cast?
Tanaka-kun Is Always Listless
Episode 12
Tanaka-kun's Happiness
It's been a few days since I was seated next to Tanaka-kun.
Now that our physical distance has shortened,
I have a chance to get emotionally closer, too.
I'll try my best to talk to him more!
Later, Shiraishi.
Ah, yeah. See you tomorrow.
I only said, Ah, yeah...
And it was to Ohta-kun...
Mathematics I
I can't let this go on.
It'll be time for the next seat change before anything happens, and that'll be the end!
I need to come up with a plan.
Grasp a Teenage Boy's Heart 10 Methods
Morning greetings first!
Morning greetings...
I guess it is the most natural way to communicate.
I see... So making eye contact is the key...
My chance to put it into practice!
T-Tanaka-kun, good morning!
Morning...
No good! His eyes are still closed more often than not at this hour!
Get his attention with your femininity!
Brush your hair back with your fingers
Overly long sleeves
The cuffs will stretch out...
Sex appeal
Even an amateur like me knows this is probably the least likely to work,
but I'll give it a shot...
G-Gosh, it's so hot today.
He's looking...
That's the most piercing look he's ever given me!
This was the only thing he reacted to, but it's more than I can bear.
I don't want to capture a teenage boy's heart...
I just want to capture Tanaka-kun's heart.
I know! Tanaka-kun tends to zone out a lot,
so maybe emphasizing my devotion would work best!
My feminine appeal is gonna burst!
Here's a tissue. It's the moisturizing kind, so it's gentle on the skin.
Ta
Thanks.
I didn't take notes on the last English class...
Here, I'll lend you mine so you can copy them.
Tana
Classical Japanese
I forgot the handout were using in classical Japanese this afternoon...
Okay, I'll go make a copy.
Stupid Ohta-kun!
That was the flag for putting our desks together!
I have a feeling I was able to talk to him more naturally
before he knew who I really was.
I want to go back to those days...
Oh, but he did mention that I was too sparkly and bright,
which made me unapproachable.
That means...
I should go back to that look.
Sacrificing everything I've gained in the name of love
is one way to resolve this, I guess...
I don't really get it, but it sounds very mature for some reason!
What a horrible thing to say!
I can't do such a thing!
Is something wrong?
M-Miyano-san...
Oh, it's nothing big...
Just having problems getting along with someone.
Maybe I'm hard to open up to.
That's not true!
You're a wonderful person, Shiraishi-san!
Please have more faith in yourself!
Don't worry! The harder you work, the luckier you'll be!
I'll cheer you on!
Miyano-san...
Yeah, you're right. Hard work will pay off.
Thank you, Miyano-san.
I'll try my best to make this roma
th-this friendship a success!
That's the spirit! Take the initiative and get closer!
3 days later
Um, Shiraishi-san...
Yes?!
I'm sorry to make you go out of your way for me so much.
There's no need to bother yourself with me.
I like being alone.
It backfired!
It's over... It's all over...
I always believed that if you try hard, learn, and never give up,
you can accomplish anything, and that's what I've always done.
But I guess people's feelings just don't work that way.
How do you overcome something that can't be resolved with effort?
That's easy.
If it can't be resolved with effort, then don't put any in.
T-T-T-Tanaka-kun, you were here all this time?!
I thought I was alone, so I...
I fell asleep...
And Ohta went home already because his sister is sick.
I don't know exactly what's going on,
but isn't it okay to fail?
Because even if you fail today, there's still tomorrow,
or the day after that, if necessary.
It may even get resolved a year from now.
Life is long, so even if you can't do anything about it now,
it will work out in the end, somehow.
You don't sound convincing at all.
That was just sort of flaky and unreliable... Totally irresponsible.
Well, that's the type of person I am.
But I'm starting to feel like things will work out. I feel better now.
To think I was in such a hurry to get closer to someone this laid-back...
I didn't know anything about Tanaka-kun.
Thank you, Tanaka-kun.
I'll take my time and stop rushing things.
Hey, hey, Shimura. That's Tanaka, right?
N-No way!
Tanaka!
How dare you take the first step up the stairway to adulthood before me?!
Huh? I don't know what you mean,
but I'd rather take the elevator to adulthood if I have to go up.
I don't like stairs.
Don't tell me... You've already reached the kissing step?!
No, I just meant it's a pain to climb up stairs.
What?
Don't play dumb! I'm gonna have to go all-out to celebrate with you now!
I'm so jealous, damn you!
Calm down, Shimura!
What the heck happened?
Tanaka... has a girlfriend!
Huh? A girlfriend?!
What?
We saw it.
Tanaka was walking with a quiet-looking girl with glasses and braided hair.
Braided? Oh...
No, that wasn't my girlfriend...
Don't be so modest. If she's not your girlfriend, then who is she?
It was Shirai
Um, can you please keep this look a secret from everyone else?
A friend.
A friend?
I can't see you going to the trouble of making friends with someone from another class.
And a girl, at that.
I see. You make a good point.
Then she was my sister.
Hang on. If you're gonna lie, at least put some effort into it.
Wh-What should I do?
The old-model Shiraishi is suddenly the one drawing attention!
And, on the other hand,
I'm kind of happy they think I'm Tanaka-kun's girlfriend...
But...
You've got it all wrong...
Come on, come on. Fess up already.
Tanaka-kun needs help...
Sh-Shimura-kun!
Tanaka-kun is denying it,
so maybe she really was just a friend?
Non, non, non. Don't worry, Shiraishi-san.
He's only saying that to hide his embarrassment.
The fact that he keeps denying it proves it.
He's just a defiant teenager who's being contrary on purpose!
You see, men don't actually mind these things as much as they say.
What are you talking about, four-eyes?
I-I see... They don't actually mind?
I don't really know how a guy's mind works, so this is very informative!
No, Shiraishi-san, don't fall for it that easily.
Tanaka, I never would've guessed you had a girlfriend.
I had no idea.
But don't worry. As your friend, I'll support you in any way I can!
No...
Oh, but I would appreciate it if you'd invite me along
when you two go out to eat something sweet.
Ohta...
Still, it's a little sad to think that
I'll be walking home alone from today on...
You'll be fine, Ohta.
You can carry us both.
I don't know if a boyfriend should be saying that.
You had a girlfriend, yet you concealed it flawlessly.
You kept your cool all this time! You're such a great Master!
Very mature!
Rawr!
Rawr
Here's another annoying person.
But I can't be bothered to argue anymore...
Still, you could've at least told us, your friends...
When I think about how a certain person must feel, I... I...
Stupid Master! You nincompoop!
Sting
Sting.
Going to see your girlfriend?
Introduce us soon, will ya?
I'm just going to the restroom...
Later, Tanaka. Say hi to your girlfriend for me.
Maybe I'll follow you.
Leave me alone.
Yikes... I've never seen Tanaka look so scary...
Maybe we went a bit overboard with the teasing?
O-Oh, no! Tanaka-kun had a fight with his friends!
I know! I'll talk to Ohta-kun and find a way
to tell the other two it's a misunderstanding!
Don't say anything!
You'll be okay, Shiraishi-san! Let's go have a drink! Some juice!
Oh, yeah... This version of me just got rejected! This is so confusing!
Hey, Ohta.
It's unusual to see you alone.
Echizen...
Actually, Tanaka has a girlfriend now...
A girlfriend?! Him?!
Seriously?
Somehow, he suddenly seems so far away...
Yeah, but it's a happy occasion.
We should be happy for him.
Echizen, I know it's weird to ask this of you out of the blue, but...
Could this be...
Can we go out, too?
Echizen,
can I carry you under my arm?
I can't help but feel something is missing right here...
There's been a lot of drama lately, so it hasn't been this quiet in a while.
I might as well spend a quiet, relaxing day alone.
If only Ohta were here at a time like this...
Leave it to me!
Hello!
Can we have a moment of your time?
We'd like to talk to you about this great product!
If only Miyano-san were here at a time like this...
Well, let me tell you about how great this guy is!
If only Shimura were here at a time like this...
Hey there, my goddesses.
Wanna exchange email addresses?
Huh?
Sigh...
How odd... I was planning to relax alone,
but I can't relax alone.
That's strange. Tanaka is all alone.
He was definitely with a girl with braided hair and glasses yesterday.
Braided hair? Glasses?
Something about that bothers me...
Inbox Incoming Email Shiraishi Incoming Email Shiraishi Incoming Email Shiraishi
Ohta-kun... Ohta-kun...
Sorry, but that's not his girlfriend.
She's a friend of ours and my personal mentor, Master Macaron!
Master Macaron?!
I'm home.
What's wrong, Brother? You look more listless than usual.
Rino...
I realized something today...
Realized what?
Ohta is absolutely essential in my life.
Damn you, Ohta! What have you done to my brother?!
I realized how much I appreciate everyone.
It's true that no man can live alone.
Sorry, Tanaka! It was a misunderstanding!
I'm really sorry! Now that I think about it,
we should've realized it was strange when even Ohta didn't know about it...
As a token of our apology, if there's anything we can do for you, just ask!
If you want, I can carry you in place of Ohta!
It's okay.
I just want you guys to be your usual selves.
You're very forgiving, despite how you look, Tanaka!
I'm so relieved. I thought you'd never speak to us again!
Master! I'm sorry I called you a nincompoop!
Master!
I will follow you for the rest of my life!
Tanaka! What have you done to Myaano?!
Thanks, Ohta-kun.
No, I'm sorry I didn't realize sooner.
I'm sorry, Tanaka-kun.
I've caused you a lot of trouble.
Don't worry about it.
It made me realize some important things.
But everyone's reactions when they thought I had a girlfriend...
If it causes that much drama, I'd rather not ever have a girlfriend.
What's wrong?
Nothing...
I know they say you reap what you sow, but...
Not... Not ever?!
No, I decided not to rush things. I'm going to take my time.
Tanaka-kun Is Always Listless
