Uru of the Ninth Garden,
the Abyssal Shaft's final raid boss.
If this had turned into a fight,
even all of Silver Sword working together couldn't beat him.
And...
The only difference is the color of his collar patch.
It's impossible to tell them apart.
The Kunie Clan...
Of course... He's frightened.
No matter how many times we die, we keep coming back.
It's like some zombie attack.
If something like that attacked me...
Even still, he stands against me.
For pride?
A strong will to protect Yamato and the People of the Land?
Yeah!
We did it!
Just one left!
Get ready
Just one, huh?
I've come to speak to Kinjou.
You have reached this place. It is our duty to speak with you.
So that's how the flow of gold coins works?
Correct.
In accordance with the contract, we share this information with you.
All gold coins in Yamato are born here and return here.
The coins flow by means of ancient technology,
which even we do not understand or control.
The coins are distributed to dungeons and monsters from this massive stream.
This structure is a secret hidden in the darkness of Yamato.
For centuries, the Kunie have kept it secret.
The Gold of the Kunie
The Gold of the Kunie.
The system that gives gold coins to monsters.
To those of us who knew this as a game, it was just a system,
so we can understand that it isn't good or evil.
But...
What would People of the Land, who have fought
and been tormented by monsters for so long, think?
It's possible they might even consider this a betrayal by the Kunie Clan.
Of course the Kunie are concerned.
I hadn't thought that far.
We have no intention of telling anyone the truth
about this zone or even of its existence.
You have reached this place, and according to the law passed down for generations,
you have the right to take the gold.
Throughout the centuries, part of the law has been lost.
We do not know if you have the right
to take a thousand gold pieces
or a hundred million.
But the legends impart our ancestors' words.
I'm weak...
But even so,
there's someone I want to let win.
I want to repay everyone.
So...
The Kunie's gold brings both fortune and disaster.
A great treasure is no treasure at all.
Beware, for the beast you keep will destroy the world.
What I couldn't say to Kinjou...
What I really wanted to say...
What is this?
The contract has been made and completed.
The Round Table does not seek wealth.
We don't even need the rights to the Guild Hall.
We now have the power to live peacefully in Akihabara.
We thank the system that gave us this chance,
but that time is over.
Even if another problem occurs,
I've reached the conclusion that it should be resolved another way.
This contract spell is completed when it is made and torn apart.
We assign all rights for the city of Akihabara
including the Guild Hall, Cathedral, and merchant facilities,
to the Yamato server.
And through the destruction of the contract,
we make this assignation of rights eternal.
We purchased Akihabara's
primary facilities to prevent their misuse.
But the cost of their maintenance
was straining the Round Table's budget.
That was why I asked for financing.
After examining a number of possibilities
and debating the matter,
this expedition was my decision.
Then, these coins were the funds used to purchase these rights?
Yes.
All gold coins are born here and return here, right?
Now that the contract is fulfilled,
it has been exchanged for the return of the gold we spent.
All as planned.
You came here to explain this to me?
In a sense.
Then why did you discuss financing?
That's the critical issue.
We wish to purchase every field zone in Yamato.
The forests, mountains, and lakes. Everything.
Every field zone?
And as we just did, we will reassign their rights.
Eventually, we'd like to get rid of purchasable zones altogether.
To prevent your enemies from owning them?
Not only that.
Adventurers can purchase zones, but the People of the Land can't.
That is unfair, and we believe it may become a problem in the future.
I'm not denying the ownership of property.
But I believe contracts between people will suffice for that.
So please lend us the money to do this,
so we will not destroy ourselves.
Give us money, so we can return it to this flow!
Yamato's land should be returned to Yamato!
I do owe you all a debt.
We won.
Wow.
This is amazing...
My friends are amazing!
They really are amazing!
We won.
Yeah, we won!
We won.
Eye of Lynceus
Fire-eating Ice Blade
Uroboros Scale
Those are items from the two raid bosses.
Look at all the phantasm-class items...
The rule is that, when we first beat a raid boss,
the guild master chooses who gets the items.
Moon Blossom Talisman Effect/ Moon Blossom Talisman Reduces loss of experience points when a player revives after dying. Strengthens defensive magic as well as mental-attribute offensive magic. Legend/ Moon Blossom Talisman A phantasm-class talisman carved in the image of a flower that, according to legend, blooms with the moon's cycle. It is said to bless souls in transit.
The Moon Blossom Talisman!
I'd like to give this to the villain in glasses.
What?
The air changed?
It feels warmer, somehow.
I bet he did something.
Listen...
This is a good item!
Its resistances and stat boosts are top notch!
So I am giving it to the villain.
He isn't part of Silver Sword,
but he's a comrade who fought with us!
Prometheus...
Yeah!
Encartanto Vuoinen Federico Demikas
Our names have been carved here for eternity!
We are the first adventurers to ever clear this raid zone!
Yeah.
It's okay.
It's over,
Akatsuki.
Marie?
Are you ready?
Marie?
Wh-What's going on?
Marie?
What should I do?!
I can't decide what to wear!
Why not just wear what you always wear?
I haven't seen him for over a month.
Cute clothes, cute clothes, cute clothes!
You know that no matter what you wear, he'll be happy.
Well? Don't I look elegant?
Uh...
Why are you dressing up, Rudy?
The new members are also coming, right?
As their superior, I have to look good.
Just go as you always are.
Um, Nyanta, shouldn't we get going?
It's still too early.
Yeah, you're right, but...
They might get there early!
Calm down, Minori.
You know my lord.
He'll arrive right on time.
Akatsuki?
She's a grown-up, so she isn't worried.
After we cleared the raid,
we returned to Susukino.
On the way, I spoke about many things with the members of Silver Sword.
What they've experienced since the Apocalypse.
What they've learned.
You damned enchanter,
say my name.
Come to think of it, I never said his name...
No, it feels like I avoided saying it.
It may have simply been self-hatred.
I remembered how powerless I felt right after the Apocalypse,
and I took it out on him and his reckless behavior, since I could do nothing else.
Stealing someone's name is never all right.
It means you're unwilling to recognize them as human.
But...
Demikas,
I don't like you.
Me, neither, Shiroe of Log Horizon.
We were finally able to agree on something.
We agreed on the fact that we'd never agree.
Y-You died?
You both died during the raid?
I w-want to go over there...
He's been badgering us with questions since yesterday.
Should I tell you what color panties I was wearing when I died?
I don't care.
Ow!
Don't care
Well... What was it like?
How did you come back?
And the moment when you die
I won't lose!
You come, too, old guy.
I-I'm not an old guy.
Just let me... Let me talk to them!
Let me talk to them!
I still need to investigate the inter-city transport gates.
I'll be heading back to Akihabara soon.
Until then, farewell.
Silver Sword stayed in Susukino, as well.
They'll protect the town as they rebuild and prepare for further raids.
Add me to your friend list.
I already have.
Oh.
Okay, then.
And that's how I saved Shiroe.
Right, right. That's great.
What? Hey, it's true!
Shiroe really said, Thank you, Mr. Demikas,
with snot dripping from his nose!
What?
You look much happier now.
I'm glad.
I wanted to ride with Naotsugu!
My armor's heavy, so my griffin doesn't like to carry two people!
Maybe it's just a special seat for someone?
D-Definitely not!
Don't tease him too much.
It's no fun unless I tease him too much.
When will you tell him
that you're a boy?
Until he figures it out, it's a secret.
It's more fun that way.
Isn't this a delicate time for Naotsugu with Marie?
Hey, Shiro! Why did you let her into the guild?
Because I'm an idol!
Kazuhiko recommended her, too.
Oh, just so we're clear,
I didn't go to Susukino because Kazuhiko said to.
I believe you there.
You can save more people than I can, Shiroe.
Log Horizon isn't a charity, though...
But the world isn't going to let you stay uninvolved.
It's a problem, really.
You're quite right.
Kazuhiko Race/ Human Assassin, Lv. 97 Plant Hwyaden
Where's Intix?
Zeldus, don't worry about it.
Mizufa Trudy Race/ Human Warlord, Lv. 68 Plant Hwyaden
The princess is the same as always.
Zeldus Race/ People of the Law Cleric, Lv. 90 Plant Hwyaden
Every day is boring without the smell of blood.
I feel like I'm going to rot away.
We have all the time in the world.
I'll wait as long as it takes for battle.
I thought that if we came here,
all that could happen was that we could drink good alcohol, Person of the Land.
Nakalnard Race/ Wolf Fang Guardian, Lv. 93 Plant Hwyaden
I'm tired.
I wish you would finish up quickly.
Quon Race/ People of the Law Bard, Lv. 90 Plant Hwyaden
Did you stay up all night to watch the moon sink again?
Jered Gun Race/ Elf Archmage, Lv. 36 Plant Hwyaden
I was listening for voices calling me from beyond the horizon.
No sign of the princess today, either, huh?
Loreil Dawn Race/ Human Cleric, Lv. 41 Plant Hwyaden
Intix Race/ Elf Sorcerer, Lv. 90 Plant Hwyaden
So, what of Akihabara's army?
They're continuing their conquest of Seventh Fall.
And that Royal Guard in Akihabara...
It seems he was captured.
One has reported thus.
A Royal Guard in Akihabara?
What's this about? I wasn't told anything.
Do not worry about it.
It's trivial.
The villain in glasses has returned to Akihabara.
Who knows what he was doing in Susukino?
KR Race/ Elf Summoner, Lv. 92 Plant Hwyaden
What do we do, Intix?
The interference that doesn't work the way you expect is back.
Still, returning all the zones to Yamato, huh?
I didn't think we'd have to go through all that to accomplish it...
That's how it's been since the Tea Party, right?
Well, yeah.
KR once told me that
I was born under that sort of star, and I should give up trying to change it.
Are those the members of Log Horizon?
Everyone...
Marie!
Hey, everyone! Thanks for coming to see me today!
Who's the loud one?
Are you one to talk?
That's Tetra?
She's a girl, huh?
Oh, look... They're holding hands.
I-It's not like that, Marie...
Hey, let me go! Let me go!
We held down the fort for you.
We went to Choushi.
So we protected both Akihabara and Choushi.
I'm back, everyone.
So, should we leave them alone?
Wh-Who is this girl?
Um...
The brightest star shining in the night sky,
the beautiful galactic idol, Tetra!
Call me Tetra!
Idol?
I'm a guild master!
They seem busy.
I'll introduce you later.
Huh?
What is it?
Ah, nothing...
Right on time, as I expected.
Did you get taller?
You're terrible, my lord!
Oh, sorry...
But somehow,
you do seem a little more grown up.
Don't be rude, my lord.
I'm sorry.
That's right.
Akatsuki was fighting, too.
Not only Akatsuki.
All of them.
Even if I'm not with them...
Even if we're far apart...
Even if I can't see them...
Everyone is doing their best.
All my companions are
charging forward with me.
I'm back, Akatsuki.
Valentine's Day comes to the world of Elder Tale.
Even to those with no connection to it, and those who don't want it to come.
Those who become happy. Those who can't become happy.
I want to know... I want to hear what's in your heart.
Whom do you love?
Next time: 2.14 A Sweet Trap.
I want to rise up once more.
