The Third Plate
Ten
Kusunoki Rentaro versus Kurokiba Ryo.
Let the Shokugeki begin!
Wow! He filleted the salmon so fast!
He was so dynamic,
but the fish was filleted with precision.
Kurokiba-kun's even more amazing than he was
when I faced him at the Autumn Elections!
Kusunoki-senpai isn't holding back, either!
His knife work is Kurokiba's equal.
Central...
All their members do seem to possess top-notch skills.
Well, Kurokiba-kun? How do you find your senpai's skills?
I hope you're don't regret having accepted this Shokugeki.
That'd be very off-putting.
What's that?
It's rice!
And two kinds of rice at that!
Not to mentionis that bread dough in the bowl?
What's the boy planning to make?
This is the best salmon dish I can make right now!
You can't lose, Ryo-kun.
What's the matter, Central?
All you've done is copy me
and act all high and mighty.
Hit me with everything you've got, you poser elite.
Or do you just want a lame excuse for when you've lost?
Yukihira and Aldini were something else,
but you're also pretty annoying.
Don't worry. I've been wanting to show off
my precious partners in crime to you.
What's all that?
Just you watch, riffraff.
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Hall B Entrance
The Salmon Will Dance
Hall B is done with all scheduled matches for the day.
Central has won a sweeping victory!
Did you get good footage of that?
Yeah. Those were some impressive matches.
The sixth seat, Kinokuni Nene...
Totsuki Elite Ten, Sixth Seat Kinokuni Nene
She's one rank higher than Isshiki-senpai.
That makes her the top chef among the current second-years.
Totsuki Elite Ten, Fifth Seat
Saito Somei
Meanwhile: Hall A, All Matches Complete
You've got to be kidding me!
So many clubs and research groups have challenged them to a Shokugeki!
And yet, none have won.
Damn it.
This means Nakiri Azami really will get his way!
Meanwhile: Hall C, Final Match In Progress
I've seen those before.
Back at the Autumn Elections main tournament, when I faced Nakiri Alice.
It's a steam convection oven and a cryomill.
Kusunoki Rentaro-san,
are you actually capable of handling all that cutting-edge technology?
Given the good audience gathered here,
I'll be using you all to promote myself.
Steam combo wha?
A steam convection oven.
It's an oven where an internal fan circulates heat and steam.
It's a revolutionary cooking device
where the temperature and humidity are digitally controlled.
It's all you need to handle almost any kind of preparation method that involves heat.
There's no possibility of smell contamination, too,
so you can prepare multiple dishes at once.
Seriously?!
That's convenient!
You can say it's like a dream come true for chefs,
but because of the wide range of possibilities,
you'll feel overwhelmed unless you have the necessary knowledge.
Whether you like it or not, this device tests your knowledge
of ingredients and preparation methods.
I have to say, it's kind of unexpected.
Can he actually use a complicated device like that?
He kind of acts like an irresponsible punk.
Soma-kun!
That's true.
He doesn't look very thoughtful.
I wouldn't have expected cutting edge culinary technology to be his forte.
Not you too, Takumi-kun!
You're not holding back at all, are you?
But if you're that concerned, just keep watching him.
You'll see what's amazing about Ren-chan's cooking.
He's marinated the prepared fillets.
He's slicing them into sticks.
He's wrapping them with bacon.
Is he planning to infuse them with salt and fat?
Oh, here comes the steam convection oven.
Set the core temperature to reach 45 degrees Celsius,
and heat at 60 degrees Celsius for 18 minutes.
Ren-chan is an expert at using heat,
particularly low temperature cooking.
Behave.
Low temperature cooking?
The proteins in meat and fish begin to denature at about 58 degrees Celsius.
Flesh Begins to Harden 68C Low Temperature Cooking 58C Temperatures Conducive to Bacteria Growth
Once they reach 68 degrees, their flesh condenses and hardens.
So if you keep the temperature between 58 and 68 degrees,
the ingredients won't suffer heat stress,
and will remain tender.
That's the basic idea behind low temperature cooking.
Bingo!
Steam convection ovens!
Water bath cooking!
Circulators!
Gastrovacs!
He is a chef who commands all manner of cutting edge heating implements!
That's Ren-chanKusunoki Rentaro!
It's all about the heating!
If you can master that, you can compete in any genre!
Heat and flames!
My skills will let me take the top spot!
He's finally started to focus.
Once he starts heating ingredients,
he quickly calms down.
It's almost as though his usual fiery self is transferring over to his cooking.
What?!
Look at that shine!
The ingredients have been completely transformed!
It's really pretty.
I can tell it's really tender just by looking at it.
It'll probably fall apart when touched by a knifean exquisite mouthfeel.
That's impressive.
It's really like his soul went into his dish.
I'm surprised.
He's a great chef.
The salamander.
The salamander? What?
It sure sounds cool, though!
The salamander is a beast of legend from medieval Europe
a lizard who lives among flames.
That's where the name comes from.
It's a category of kitchen devices that heat from above instead of below.
I see. Salamander, huh.
It's used to caramelize the surface of a dish for color and/or flavor.
That basically means the cooking's entered its final stages.
It's done.
I name it Salmon Confit Flamme.
Flamme means flames in French.
Go on. Enjoy this masterpiece of flames.
So, a dish by Kusunoki Rentaro
one of the students chosen by Central.
Oh, right.
Momo-senpai, please try my dish as well!
Why me, too?
This dish has a little gimmick that employs a certain sweet.
A sweet?
I think you'll like it.
Is that supposed to be a challenge to me?
I'm picky about sweets!
First up is Kusunoki Rentaro's dish! Judges, please taste.
Here we go!
Look at that shine.
Just smell that grilled fat!
Hmph!
It may look and smell like a winner,
but how does it taste?!
Delicious!
It's so delicious, I feel faint!
The flesh is so tender, it could be raw.
However, the outside is fragrant, thanks to the salamander!
What artistry of flames!
Well, it's not bad.
I'll try the side next.
I see.
This is ice cream made from salmon with no added sugar.
What?
What does she mean?
A salmon ice cream?
But how?
The cryomill, right?
Nice, Alice-chan.
I froze salmon I processed into a paste, and put that through the cryomill.
The spinning blades transformed it into silky ice cream.
If you eat the salmon after tasting the ice cream,
the gently heated salmon's warmth is more evocative than ever!
The salmon at two different temperatures
enhance each other's presence upon the palate.
Thermal sense...
Nakiri Alice employed the same technique during the Autumn Elections.
Temperature, heat, and time!
It's all seasoning I use.
True. Their different temperatures heighten the ingredients' flavors to the fullest.
The salmon's fiery life force is streaking through the cold clear stream,
setting my body on fire!
No!
I can't avoid the salmon's attack on my senses any longer!
It's decided, then.
This match is another victory for Central
an overwhelming victory for Kusunoki Rentaro.
You can decide that after looking at my dish!
My salmon dish is coulibiac!
Coulibiac...
Polar Star Dormitory
It's so quiet...
That perhaps the one who'll save Totsuki from Azami-dono
is that man.
Hey.
Is anyone home?
Oh, is it just you here, Nakiri-kun?
Do you know where everyone's gone?
I thought my heart was going to stop.
What?
Hey, Nakiri-kun?
With Heart
Oh, so everyone went to check things out.
The Shokugeki Alice-kun's involved in should be happening right around now, as well.
What?!
Alice?
Why's she involved?
Are you curious about what might be going on?
Coulibiac!
Hmm.
I see.
That's why there was bread dough.
What kind of dish is that?
It involves a baked brioche shell stuffed with salmon and rice.
It's a French dish that originated in the Russian royal court in the 19th century.
Huh.
You add grains along with mushrooms, shallots, and other vegetables in the filling.
What the judges thought were two different kinds of rice
are actually butter rice
Buckwheat Kasha
Butter Rice
and kasha, a sauteed buckwheat dish served in Eastern Europe.
Ah!
What wonderful aromas from the crusty golden bread and the fragrant salmon.
Just look at the juicy cross-section with the butter rice and kasha!
Quit gabbing and dig in before it gets cold.
You'll taste the irresistible deliciousness of the salmon's explosive flavors!
I'm speechless!
The brioche is a solid casing around the fillings' flavors.
The main fish, rice, buckwheat, vegetables, and bread!
This dish has everything in one!
The essential flavors and umami of salmon are dancing in this dish!
The sheer volume of it is...
Would you like to try some?
I got some without asking.
What? B-But...
Thank you.
Within the bread, the energy of the salmon is concentrated
and unleashed in a single powerful shock!
I can't!
Faced with such force, I can't avoid...
So good...
Good job, Kurokiba!
This dish, originating in grandiose regal cuisine,
is in excellent harmony with Kurokiba's brute talents, which quell men at port!
This dish must have been nurtured by the many years of competition between those two.
So, which one wins in the end?
Kusunoki must be the winner.
It can't be Kurokiba, can it?
Cast your votes, please!
Th-They're equal!
I can't vote for one as superior!
I can only say they both served the ultimate salmon dish!
Don't be too hasty.
If you compare them one last time,
you can tell there is a decisive difference between the two!
A decisive difference?
It looked to me like they both served great dishes.
The most critical factor in judging this
is to what degree each chef prevented the loss of the salmon's umami.
Does one of the dishes still hold a secret?
I bet that secret's in the steam convection oven Ren-chan used.
I bet the judge realized it.
You're a sharp one, Mea.
This is the answer.
It looks like olive oil to me.
Huh?
Hmm...
The decisive difference between the two dishes
can be found in the moisture content of the salmon.
Right.
When I sealed the salmon in plastic wrap and cooked it at a low temperature,
I submerged it in olive oil.
If you just prepare fish through normal means,
no matter how tightly you seal the fish,
the weight of the fish itself will put pressure on the flesh
and cause the juices to run out.
That's where olive oil comes in.
Thanks to the oil's buoyancy,
you can heat the salmon without placing any pressure on it
without losing a single drop of moisture.
Right!
That's exactly right!
When you bite into the dish, it falls apart in your mouth,
but most surprisingly, it's not dry at all!
It's moist and juicy throughout!
The salmon's lost none of its juices!
His handling of the ingredients may have surpassed Kurokiba Ryo.
What?!
Wow.
But Kurokiba-kun is an expert in cooking with seafood!
Now do you get why I'm better than you?
What was that dish you served at the Autumn Election finals again?
Oh, rightthe cartoccio.
Both that dish and this coulibiac
intended to concentrate the various ingredients' umami
by wrapping them up before cooking them.
But if you were to ask me, that's not enough.
The delicate and elegant heating of ingredients
while maintaining their absolute freshness
That's the way an elite cooks! You can't possibly come close.
This Shokugeki is yet another example of how absolute the difference between us is!
Isn't that right, judges?
You haven't changed at all since the Autumn Elections.
A chef who conquers the people's palates with violent umami, huh.
There are more elegant approaches to things, you know.
Well, you can just do your best working under us from now on.
But has the match been decided yet, actually?
Even though I haven't tried either dish,
I know Rentaro-senpai said one thing wrong.
The salmon's delicious umami and flavor are far more vivid in this dish!
In Kurokiba Ryo's dish!
What?!
Indeed, there is no doubt.
Kurokiba has the edge in maximizing the salmon's potential!
Yeah!
What?!
What the?!
What are you geezers saying?!
My heating method was impeccable.
There's no way my dish is inferior to his
Shut your mouth.
If you're not convinced,
just try it yourself.
Try my coulibiac!
What?!
The salmon's... The salmon's umami is overwhelming me in a neverending torrent!
How is this possible?!
What's this?
There's a green layer between the brioche dough and the filling.
I'm showing you, Central,
that I'm not the same chef I was during the Autumn Elections.
That's a crepe made with spinach incorporated into the batter.
A crepe?
I see!
The soft, gentle flavor I sensed when I tried the dish was spinach.
It really highlighted the mellow fattiness of the salmon!
Wow, sounds really good.
A double layer of brioche and crepeimpressive.
That's not all!
There's got to be another trick to the umami torrent!
I added a custom seasoning blend to the crepe as well.
Seasoning...
He made the spice mix himself.
It contains thyme, oregano, garlic, and rock salt, among other things.
Dried bacon powder is one of the ingredients, too.
Bacon?
The same as my dish.
Indeed.
As luck would have it, both chefs paired bacon with salmon.
The idea was the same, but the execution was completely different!
Kusunoki wrapped the bacon around the salmon
and used low-temperature cooking to subject them to a slow, elegant heat.
Similar to the seafood and pork bone broth commonly used in ramen,
he combined the umami of fish and meat
without letting any of the flavors escape.
Put another way, he retained all the delicious flavors of salmon on the plate
in one perfect package!
Then why are you saying Ren-chan's dish is inferior?!
The key distinction was unevenness.
Unevenness?
The human palate is designed to sense richness and flavor with greater acuity
when the flavors are not homogeneous.
It's the same principle that explains why many people
prefer to enjoy sesame oil in ramen broth and milk in coffee
without mixing it up first.
True.
When you mix raw egg with rice,
it tastes better if you don't mix it all up.
It's better when you just dash soy sauce over it without overworking it, too.
That's exactly what I went for.
The seasoning was applied unevenly through the crepe on purpose.
one where you can appreciate the unvarnished umami of salmon by itself,
and one where the salmon combines with the bacon's umami into a powerful
and deep flavor combination.
That's why with every bite, the flavors resonate so heavily in multiple stages.
The salmon's distinct flavors burst on the palate in neverending succession!
You can never achieve such a world of flavor
just by slapping bacon onto salmon!
Kusunoki's dish may appear superior at first glance,
but Kurokiba not only used the brioche and crepe to envelop the umami,
but also accelerated the salmon's delicious flavors.
He even thought of using an uneven application of spices to his advantage?!
You were supposed to be a chef who just slams ingredients' umami together!
You weren't capable of coming up with such a delicate approach during the Autumn Elections!
You're right.
Authentic Indian Cuisine
Hey!
Approximately 1 Month Ago
What are you doing?!
I'm letting you come to my restaurant for the Stagiaire.
Work harder!
'Kay.
Shit...
Why'd I land in a curry restaurant of all places?
I can't help but be reminded of that spice asshole.
Done!
Check, please!
No, no!
You don't know anything about the depth of spices!
If I had a choice, I'd have preferred having the student who
won the Autumn Elections!
From what I hear, he's a spice expert, right?
Not like you!
Hello.
Hello, Ryo-kun.
The Stagiaire is going well, I hope?
Well, I guess.
You'd better not be losing your temper in front of the owner.
Not yet, no.
We can't let things end here, now can we?
We must redeem ourselves after the humiliation of losing the Autumn Elections.
You're right.
I'll do it!
Now that I've come here,
I'm gonna master the intricacies of spices and how to take advantage of them!
Of course you're not the same chef you were in the Autumn Elections, Kurokiba!
I've changed.
From where I stand, your salmon might as well be frozen!
Kurokiba is the winner!
Kurokiba Ryo has won!
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode: Der WeiBe Ritter der Tafel
I hope you savor the next episode!
