You're lucky everything worked out for the best!
It was reckless of you to fly off like that.
I'm sorry.
As for the rest of you!
What would you have done if something happened to your pilot?
I'm sorry, Boss.
They acted under my authorization.
Everyone, you've done well.
Hurry back to the hospital and get some rest.
All right.
Your Hero
Nothing stands out as abnormal.
You're free to return to your own room.
But make sure to take it easy.
Okay.
Also, has Captain Suzukaze told you yet?
Ma'am?
She wants me to reexamine you in two or three days.
More tests?
Just to play it safe.
Okay...
Kei!
Are you all right?
Uh, yeah... Thanks.
Is there something on my face?
You've mellowed?
Thank goodness! You're back to your old self!
Officer Ange!
What was her problem?
Why don't we head on back?
The doctor said I could return to my room.
Great!
Why'd you bring him to my room?!
Hey, it's just for now.
Izuru, act all cool! Act cool!
Cool!
Say, I rock! Say, I rock!
Huh?
Say it while acting cool!
I rock.
Hey! Quit messing with Izuru!
Why don't you go rest in your room?
But it's more relaxing when I'm with everyone.
I'll go back once!
What do you want?!
Um, I wanted to offer a word of thanks...
Thank you very much for saving me.
We should hold one after all.
Ange needs a welcoming party!
A meeting between the GDF and the various economic powers?
Right. I will be accompanying the Commander in Chief to the meeting.
Didn't anyone tell you?
No.
I expect the AHSMB to be a major topic on the agenda...
Maybe they only informed Commander Simon.
Could you switch to a private line?
Sure. Just a minute.
What is it?
How much do you know about the AHSMB units?
In regard to...?
The background behind their technological origins.
Well, the brilliant scientist Juria Tsuda, who died at an early age,
developed technology that incorporated the pilot's DNA
into the central control system.
How was Juria able to develop that technology?
I don't know the specific details.
So you don't know about how it came from a Wulgaru defector?
A Wulgaru defector?!
There was such a person? Who?
Is he still alive?
The defector is still alive...
Why have you kept this a secret?
This person does not want an all-out war.
Out of the desire to save us,
this person has only offered Wulgaru technology.
Why are you sharing this with me?
Albeit unofficially, Commander Simon
has already released some of this information.
Aren't the AHSBM on the agenda in this upcoming meeting?
At the moment,
only the Pacific Rim-Asia Alliance possesses AHSMB technology.
I expect the other
economic powers to ask for AHSMB of their own.
Is that a problem?
The JURIA-System that we have installed on the
AHSMB units is a dual-edged sword.
Until the risks involved become clear,
we should postpone sharing that technology.
Understood.
I'll report in as soon as the meeting is over.
Thank you.
But this weighs heavy on me.
Who is this Wulgaru defector?
For now, I've said all I can...
Thanks for waiting!
What gives?
What are those GDF dudes doing here?
This looks good!
Tamaki, did you invite them?
The more the merrier!
Yo!
We just returned to Star Rose ourselves.
Guiliano told us that you were
throwing a welcoming party for a new recruit.
Patrick was dying to come!
Sorry, but Ange might be a girl.
Uh, actually, the one I wanted to see was...
Ciao!
Yep! It's great that the world is filled with all kinds of love.
You've got it wrong!
Yo!
Officer Ange, these are our senior officers.
They're Team Doberman.
Nice to meet ya, Ange.
The pleasure is all mine...
You've improved a lot!
Nah. I've still got a ways to go.
So you still have a lot of room for improvement?
That's reassuring!
Izuru!
Yes?
They need to reexamine you in two days at the hospital.
It's just to play it safe.
It doesn't hurt to have them look you over, right?
Yeah...
Officer Ange, why don't you come closer?
This party is for you!
Uh, okay...
Ange!
Yes?
Ange, why does your personality change
when you pilot your AHSBM?
Do you realize that you act like a different person?
Y-you're wild and bursting with energy...
Yeah, you're just like an AK-47.
You're powerful, but unpredictable when you cut loose.
But you're tough, tenacious and simple,
making your highly reliable and durable!
I've been meaning to ask you about this as well.
I'm not really sure why I change personalities,
but when I get inside of my AHSMB, it's like a different me surfaces...
I've heard of people acting differently when they drive,
but it's extreme in your case.
Izuru acted a bit strange last time as well.
Maybe it's because of how desperate the situation was?
But those situations seem to force the best results out of them.
They were both incredible!
So we've got two ace pilots, huh?
Ange, you were great!
So anyway-
What's the matter? Does your stomach hurt?
Suruga, shut up!
A bunch of things hurt.
Asagi!
What? It's just you.
Couldn't you act a bit happier to see me?
Out on errands?
Basically.
I ordered some ice cream cones, so go pay for them.
I have to pay?!
Here!
Thank you.
What's wrong with you?
It's nothing.
I'm willing to hear you out!
It's none of your business.
She may have turned out down,
but time heals everything, so you'll be fine!
Don't worry about it!
No one turned me down!
Then what's your problem?
I realized that as a pilot, I'm nothing compared to those two.
Jeez! That's all this is about?
When did they get so far ahead of me...?
Asagi, you have plenty of good qualities that are yours alone!
Your face!
You really are King Considerate!
Hearing that from you doesn't make me the least bit happy.
And am I seriously turning to a kid for moral support?
Officer Ange, you're fine. We'll handle the cleanup.
No, I'll lend a hand.
Asagi left sometime during the party, didn't he?
He might have gotten a tummy ache after eating too much.
Why don't we drop by his room later?
Yeah.
Master Daneel! Did you come to see me?
Only in your dreams.
Izuru, Daneel said that he'd like to have a word with you.
What is it?
Lady Teoria said that she
wishes to dine with you if you are willing.
For real?! As in a date?!
It is a dinner meeting.
Then could I go with him?
Master Daneel, aren't you coming?
Although I will be nearby, I will not dine with them.
So they'll be alone? It really is a date!
Izuru's getting the jump on me!
Hey! You okay?
Nope. He froze.
Why did you choose me?
You're here on behalf of Simon.
Commander Simon isn't attending?
He isn't feeling well.
I saw him just before I left to come here.
He seemed well enough.
There are a variety of political games at play.
It's about to begin.
Okay, let's begin the meeting!
What meeting?
Isn't that obvious?
The Izuru Date Battle Plan!
Date...
Aren't they just going out to eat?
Right! He'll be alone with his dream girl.
Alone with her...
It might be a good idea to loosen up a bit.
Roll your shoulders! Roll your neck!
Uh, okay...
Listen, Izuru! Love is a game of politics!
You've gotta check out the girl's specs, imagine all possible scenarios,
devise a counter for each one and pick a plan of attack!
Ultimately, you gotta aim for her heart and hit it dead on!
Love struck!
Since the Battle of Ceres,
the Wulgaru have gradually been pushing the GDF back.
If this war continues,
all we will do is lose more lives and money.
We would hold peaceful negotiations if we could.
Exactly! Our only option is to fight back with all we have.
We intend to increase our budget for defenses by 30.
We hope to help however we can.
The same is true of us!
To meet those ends, we would like you to share your AHSMB technology.
Unfortunately, the MJP's commander was unable
to attend this meeting due to health problems.
The only way to fight on par with the Wulgaru is to
bolster the AHSMB team with all due haste!
We lack the time required to train new pilots.
We would train them ourselves!
The AHSMB are still prototypes, so how about the Rhinos instead?
Isn't that the previous generation model?
Yes, but the Rhinos are already in line for mass production.
Veteran pilots could rival our pilots within a short period of time.
They can be used immediately
and are not as costly as the AHSMB units.
They will have to do. We'll take them.
Let's prepare to enter negotiations straightaway.
You satisfied the other nations without handing
them the latest technology, and still managed to draw a profit.
Now do you see the precocious position I am in?
I may lead the GDF,
but I am also the Minister of the Ministry of Defense
for the Pacific Rim-Asia Alliance.
The Chinese and African economic powers
are lagging behind in space technology.
They hope to do well in this
war so they can acquire new rights in outer space.
Is this the time for such petty politics?
If we don't hand them everything
and form massive AHSMB fleets to oppose the enemy...!
Assuming that was enough to defeat the Wulgaru,
what would be left when we won?
We would lose our standing as the world reproached us
for using genetically altered children in the war!
But only after they've stolen our technology.
Somehow Bela-Russia has obtained the MJP's top-secret materials
and is currently producing mock AHSMB units.
Everyone is only concerned with claiming rights over the resources in space, huh?
The United Organization of
American States is preparing to present a battleship.
That's right. They plan on selling it during this meeting.
It looks like they don't care to lose money or personnel.
I feel horrible for those children.
We're using them as chips in a political game so we can stay in control!
In other words, whether your date is a flop or not, Izuru,
rests on whether you have control of the situation!
Is that right?
Show a bit more interest!
Don't let her boss you around!
You've gotta make her march to the pace you set.
Is Izuru capable of doing that?
We wouldn't be holding this meeting if I thought he could!
Yeah. This is my first time having dinner alone with a girl.
But if we looked into each other's eyes,
couldn't we see into each other's hearts?
Huh? Wouldn't you wind up eating in silence?
I'm fine with that...
That's unacceptable!
You two ladies!
Give Izuru some ideas on how to make a girl happy.
You're up, Tamaki!
It'd make me happy if he fed me pickled fish guts!
But that only holds true for you, Tamaki.
Then how about you, Kei?
Me...?
I'd like it if he seemed to enjoy the cake I baked.
Pickled fish guts and home-made cake...
Don't take notes!
And it'd be awesome if he put on this cool expression
while listening to me talk and complimented a whole bunch!
You're right, Tamaki.
You're adorable, Tamaki.
Like that!
I'd like it if he did little things
to show he cared and treated me kindly...
Don't turn Izuru into your ideal guy!
Okay, I'll do my best!
Act cool while listening and complimenting her.
And be kind while doing little things to show I care...
Dude, if you try to do all of that, you'll explode.
Where've you been?
Don't come in my room without permission!
You have impeccable timing, Asagi!
Man, accompany Izuru on his date.
Why should I?
That may be the best suggestion I've heard so far!
I'd feel better if I had you there with me, Asagi.
Yeah, that might be a good idea.
If they're alone, Izuru might start to tense up.
And I wouldn't have to worry if it was the three of you!
Asagi, please.
Is it time for your big date?
Asagi, Izuru! Commander Simon wants to see you.
You did well in your last battle.
Uh, sir!
Izuru Hitachi, how are you feeling?
I heard that you underwent some exams.
Sir, it's nothing...
I was told that I would need a reexamination, but I'm fine!
Toshikazu Asagi, how about you?
Regarding your futures.
You have the option to leave
the battlefield and accept positions as instructors.
Sir, does this mean you are done with us?
I want to serve as an AHSMB pilot.
Why is that?
The only reason I'm even getting to dine with Teoria
is because I'm here.
And you?
If I have not been disqualified as a pilot,
I would like to continue piloting my AHSMB unit.
That is what I have been trained to do.
I cannot fathom a different path in life,
at least not right now.
Very well.
Ma'am, why did the commander ask that?
I'm not sure myself.
You can't think about anything but that date, huh?
To be young!
Well, I have to get ready!
Um, do you have a minute?
What's the matter?
Well, I imagine the commander must
have been worried about Izuru's health,
but in my case...
Did he ask about reassigning me
because I'm unfit to serve as a pilot?
That's not true.
But I have the lowest Harmonic Levels...
And even as a pilot, compared to Izuru and Ange...
The Fail 5.
Isn't that what you were called back at the academy?
You had the aptitude,
but for some reason, none of you could live to your potential.
Right...
Your major flaw is how you worry about everything.
But that is also your strength.
Your assignment is to evaluate yourself and then surpass yourself.
Asagi!
Great timing!
How so?
Our mission is finally about to begin!
You're bringing Asagi along?
He's my escort! Teoria gets to bring Daneel.
I plan on waiting outside.
We're almost there.
Where will they be eating?
At a restaurant that Teoria picked out.
I wonder if it's a fancy restaurant.
Do you hold the knife in your right hand or your left?
Hang in there!
RED COMET Okonomiyaki Teppanyaki Grill
OKONOMIYAKI
This it?
There is a private room in the back.
This is it!
Izuru, I'm glad you could make it.
Please take a seat.
Uh, okay!
I shall be waiting outside.
If you need me for anything, please call for me.
Same here.
The Wulgaru army is approaching the
perimeter of our absolute defense zone.
They will clash with our army in 30 minutes.
Don't create a pause in the bombardment!
I don't care if the barrels burn out!
Anyone who falls so much as a step back will be shot on the spot!
Make sure that we're constantly in front of the Bela-Russian fleet!
All ships, take off!
Show the Great Chinese Alliance
that Bela-Russia has developed its own fighters!
No one ever mentioned going up against this massive army!
We have the Great Chinese Alliance, Bela-Russia
and the MJP's allied forces on our side.
They probably aren't relaying their information.
How can you be so calm?
We can't win if we can't work together!
The MJP's reinforcements should be here momentarily.
It'll all work out if we can survive that long.
Damn! I can't ask the bunnies
to save our sorry hides all of the time!
That's right! This time, I'm going to protect Tamaki!
Patrick, you look kinda different.
You judge a man by his looks!
Randy, you're the one who always says that!
How are your preparations proceeding, Lumes?
According to plan.
If you could draw the Earthlings' attention for a while longer,
we should be able to slip through their defenses with ease.
What is it?
A squad is approaching from behind.
Could they have perceived what our ulterior motive is?
No, this is...
Klein!
Do you find this kind of restaurant agreeable?
Uh, yeah!
I had Daneel look for one where you would feel comfortable
so you wouldn't tense up.
D-Daanel picked this place out?
Daneel.
Uh, I'm sorry.
Supposedly your manager recommended this restaurant.
R-really?
It's about time I flipped this.
I'm sorry!
I think it'll still taste the same.
Shut it!
This is a rather unique dish, isn't it?
Not really. I just messed it up...
What goes in it?
Vegetables, wheat and... a bunch of stuff.
Is that right?
I am always impressed by your culinary culture.
Impressed?
Did I use the word incorrectly?
No, you used it correctly.
It was something I had never considered.
Earthlings are a race rich in culture and you
possess various emotions referred to collectively as your heart.
I came with the intent to save you,
yet I have learned so much in the process.
I am most grateful.
Same here!
I'm only here because you came to our world.
I also learned the concept of gratitude after coming here.
The same goes for taking others into consideration and worrying about others.
In Wulgaru, everyone is only interested in their own desires and lusts.
Now I am filled with the wish to protect you and your kind.
Teoria, I-I want to protect you, too!
Hot!
Cool them down!
Are you okay?
Y-yeah...
I had you come here today
because I am concerned about something.
You see...
Sorry to interrupt your meal!
You've been ordered to sortie!
The Wulgaru army has broken past our absolute defense zone!
Defensive Battle at Cosmopolitan Academy (First Part)
