You left the Wulgaru to deliver that information to Earth?
We meet again!
Have we met somewhere before?
Yep, once at the pool!
Now you've got no choice but to date me!
I am terribly sorry.
Stop it, stop it, stop it!
Please ignore her and continue with your explanation.
Lemme go! Lemme go!
I wanna go out with the cool guy who came to our rescue!
Would this happen to be part of Earth culture?
Certainly not!
The Hunter and the Hunted
That is correct.
I am the one who gave Earth the information
regarding the AHSMB units that you pilot.
I am Teoria. This is Daneel.
He has been with me since I was on Wulgaru.
S-so you're going steady?!
Please ignore her.
Daneel has served me since my days back in Wulgaru.
In Wuglaru, I am... How should I put it?
I believe the word you are looking for in our language is noble.
In Wulgaru, she is a poised woman of high noble birth.
Sh-she's a noblewoman?!
Shut up and listen!
I have come to see everyone
because I wished to personally tell you
about the Wulgaru and the AHSMB units.
Huh? The AHSMB?
Wulgaru is a planet located in a galaxy far from Earth.
Our species has existed for longer than you could imagine,
but on a biological level, we have already entered our decline.
If we did not act, our species would begin to decline.
We would genetically deteriorate until eventually going extinct.
Furthermore, all scientific endeavors to
artificially extend our lives ended in failure.
That is why we began a new experiment.
For the experiment,
we conducted artificial genetic engineering to
encourage our genes to advance
and then released these genes across the universe.
When exposed to different planets and environments,
we anticipated that the genes would create their own ecosystems.
We believed that some may evolve to such lengths
that they could supplement the Wulgaru's depleting vitality.
In other words, you were sowing your species' seeds?
The project was a success.
The genes that we had dispersed throughout space
developed independently of each other.
We are currently harvesting those genes
and using them to extend our own lives.
We travel through the Space Passage that connects the planets,
which is how we originally dispersed the genes.
Once we find the evolved species, we begin to recover them.
We refer to this act as Hunting.
Hunting...
Do the Wulgaru view Earthlings as prey to hunt?
In order to maintain fishery resources,
we release juvenile fish and encourage breeding.
It's the same thing.
So humans are one of the
races that the Wulgaru created just to hunt down?
That is right.
However, there are some in Wulgaru who stand
in opposition to these hunts.
My mother was one such person.
What?
It pained my mother's heart
to see the Wulgaru annihilate various races
and treat them as nothing more than food.
Even if you were originally planted for harvest,
those who have evolved possess their own futures
as well as their own lives.
We have no right to steal that!
Got that right! We aren't food!
Silence!
I slipped away under my mother's bidding.
The Wulgaru's next target was to be Earth.
I came to warn Earth of the impending Wulgaru threat.
Also, I came to inform your people
how to take countermeasures against the Wulgaru.
You mean the AHSMB, right?
I shall take over from here.
Earth first encountered Teoria and her
attendant shortly after the MJP's birth.
The MJP was originally a project system
meant to cultivate humans fit for space life.
But upon learning of the Wulgaru invasion,
it turned into an organization bent on preparing for the upcoming war.
The MJP was chosen because our research on human activity in space
was the most advanced at that time.
The project was split into two.
One part focused on developing weapons
while the other focused on raising humans
who could wield those weapons.
Developing the AHSMB units proved extremely difficult.
We had to modify alien
science to work well with the human body.
The technology that made this possible was the JURIA-SYSTEM.
After countless failures,
we only recently developed units that could be used in actual combat.
The organization entrusted with these units was also the MJP.
This is roughly when the Wulgaru appeared around Jupiter.
We had just barely completed them in time.
Currently, these two assist
the MJP by serving as something akin to technology consultants.
Naturally, only a select few individuals are privy to such information.
However, there is a reason why
we have decided to make an exception and divulge this information to you.
We have already showed you the
footage from when Red 5 fought a Wulgaru fighter.
This duel was amusing.
Let us fight again, primitive creature!
Primitive creature?!
Is that how you guys refer to us?!
It would seem that he has identified Red 5's pilot as his target.
Me?!
That isn't all.
The only ones who fought on par with
the Wulgaru during the Battle of Ceres
were those of you piloting AHSMB units.
There is a possibility that the Wulgaru have already
marked each of you as superior prey.
We had expected that something like this may happen.
After all, the Wulgaru's primary goal is to harvest excellent genes.
As you already know, Earth suffered heavy
losses during the Battle of Ceres.
Henceforth, Team Rabbits will inevitably play a pivotal
role in an increasing number of battles.
In such events, we will incorporate how the Wulgaru
will target the five of you into the plan.
In other words, we'll serve as your decoys.
That is a distinct possibility.
You must be psychologically prepared for whatever comes!
That is why we decided to explain the situation.
Earth views you as our trump cards!
We won't send you on reckless missions if we don't have to.
There is an emergency! I will leave the rest to you.
Sir!
Do you have any questions?
Ma'am, I heard that you're going to expand the AHSMB team.
How far is that plan in the works?
I can't answer that. Anything else?
When should we expect to get sent on another mission?
That's undetermined. Anything else?
Me, me, me!
Master Daneel, what do you think of human girls?
Tamaki!
I am incapable of answering that question.
What?!
For you see, I have hardly interacted with the people of Earth.
That means it's up to me to win you over, right?
Um, do the Wulgaru know that you and Daneel are here on Earth?
Most likely.
Then what happened to your mother, Teoria?
I don't know.
I hope that she has escaped harm's way...
May I ask something?
Certainly.
Who was the pilot in the video that fought against Izuru?
Lady Teoria!
Jiart.
Jiart?
Yes, his name is Jiart.
He resembles you a great deal, Teoria.
Is that right?
E-excuse me!
Um, we don't remember our pasts.
So why do I remember you, Teoria?
You and I were once very close.
In fact, you could say that we were friends.
S-so-
We have offered you our technology,
but we cannot answer questions that stray from that topic.
The amount of information Lady Teoria offers depends
on the scope of her freedom and rights.
I'm sorry.
When I am allowed to say more, let's have a nice long talk.
I'll be looking forward to when that time comes, Izuru.
So?!
Why, pray tell, is everyone in my room?!
It's not fair if everyone always gathers in my room.
I don't like letting people in my room.
Isn't your room one huge mess?
How did you know?!
Did you sneak inside?
I knew without having to go inside!
Suruga, you perv! You're totally a peeping Tom!
Pipe down!
I'm still trying to sort out everything they told us.
No wonder Earthlings and the Wulgaru look alike, huh?
We both originated from the same gene pool.
He called us primitive creatures!
That's not even funny!
The battles will be going uphill from here.
I hope the supplemental AHSMB teams are ready in time...
Team Rabbits.
I think I finally get why they named us that of all things.
Rabbits...
We were literally rabbits being used in some experiment!
It's okay if we're rabbits.
But we won't go down without a fight.
What the Wulgaru are doing is wrong!
I can't believe they're hunting humans for their own survival!
We can't lose to people like that!
But that enemy fighter named Jiart is after you, Izuru.
I'll be fine! I can win!
I've gotta live up to the expectations of the lady who
has braved such danger just to save us!
That's what it means to be a hero!
Hear, hear!
If I work hard enough,
I'm sure I can become Master Daneel's girlfriend!
Let's do our best!
Yeah, let's!
Hey, so, Izuru,
what type of girl do you think Master Daneel would like?
What's gotten into him?
I have a good idea.
He looked like he was good friends with Teoria...
Hey, are you listening?
Where're ya looking?!
Great! Now for another three laps!
Why the morning jog...?
We used to jog every day back at the academy!
Our battles are just going to get harder.
We've gotta keep up with our training!
Why is he so bubbly after what happened yesterday...?
I hardly got a wink of sleep...
I have low blood pressure in the morning.
Overcome that with determination and grit!
Gimme a one, two! One, two!
Love comes with trials to overcome!
I love you!
I need you!
I love...
So how were the results to yesterday's exam?
Excellent!
Izuru Hitachi's results were even better than expected.
His results have suggested as much since the beginning,
but he has been adapting to the JURIA-SYSTEM at a surprising rate.
Supposedly Red 5 ceased
moving in the middle of the Battle of Ceres.
It was wary of the enemy.
The instinct to preserve itself must have kicked in.
His open and honest personality may be working in his favor.
Currently, Izuru Hitachi has adapted the best to the JURIA-SYSTEM.
Following him would be Tamaki Irie and Ataru Suruga.
Toshikazu Asagi and Kei Kugimiya have
not adapted as well as the other three.
I'm surprised to hear that Tamaki and Suruga are doing so well.
It may help that both of them are true to their feelings.
Conversely, Asagi and Kei are
highly self-conscious and tend to act reserved.
Age may also play a factor,
although all five are progressing faster than we had anticipated.
So it would seem.
Oh, my beloved prince J You are mine J
Dang, you've been on high gear since last night!
You think so?
I think I'm the same as always.
Yeah, right!
You've been hyped up ever since you met that Teoria lady.
That's not true!
Right, right! You've got it wrong.
I'm always like this!
Why is everyone in my room?!
You and Izuru are both hyped up.
They're on the same level...
They said that we're the same!
We're buddies, Izuru!
Yeah, we're buddies with everyone here.
I'm not like you!
Isn't that the Colorado-class battleship Princeton?
Seriously, this isn't the time to be going gaga for a girl, Izuru.
That Jiart guy has his eyes on you, remember?
Let us fight again, primitive creature!
Jiart...
That was boring!
Prince Jiart!
Prince Jiart, I have come for you.
Lord Dolgana ordered me to deliver a message insisting
that you attend the parisada.
Tell him that I shall be there momentarily.
B-but he said to come immediately.
I do not have anything to report to him.
B-but...!
Did you fail to hear me?
S-surely you jest!
Do you think I am joking?
Prince Jiart, please show mercy!
Very well.
In that case, I shall go to see my brother.
You have done well, Dolgana.
I am unworthy of such praise!
This expedition allowed us to greatly curb the lamata's forces.
It will make the remaining shikaara all the easier.
I merely obeyed the words of the oracle and devised the strategy.
If in doing so I have earned your approval, King Galkie,
then nothing could bring me greater joy!
The rest of you did well in the shikaara as well.
Your Majesty!
I will gladly take those words to heart!
If Klein had taken more action in the frontlines,
the final outcome would have been even better!
I fulfilled my mission!
It's your own fault if you didn't get the results you wanted!
Really, now?
Your battles are always monotonous, without any
sign of improvement in sight.
What was that?!
That is enough!
The harvest was most bountiful!
Legatus Dolgana,
is it true that there was a
particularly exceptional fighter amongst these lamata?
The news of this finding has reached me as well.
I have heard that Pleguzes Jiart
brought back information pertaining to that prey.
Do you know any further detail on the matter?
Really, I wonder what that man is thinking!
If he knows something, I wish he could hurry up
and share it with the rest of us!
I can't stand that man's attitude...
Is there a problem?
It sounded as though you were talking about me.
Hardly! I was merely saying that I am eager
to see the lamata you picked out, Pleguzes!
We are all aware of how you are a true master of the shikaara!
Alas, even I miss my target on occasion.
I may stab my allies in the back by mistake while on the hunting grounds.
I am sorry that I was late, Brother.
I just arrived a moment ago.
Tell us about this lamata that you have taken an interest in.
I cannot do that.
What?!
What is the meaning of this, Jiart?
That is my lamata.
I believe it would be best if everyone selected their own.
You're hogging him!
According to my reports, there were a total of five units
that put up a good show.
I have nothing to say.
Each may shikaara to his own taste, yes?
After all, there are some who do not enjoy working together as a group.
Y-you're referring to what I said the other day!
H-how did you hear about that?!
Very well. Do as you will.
King Galkie!
You have my gratitude, Brother.
However, if you refuse to tell us anything,
there is a chance that someone else may steal your lamata.
Bear that in mind.
But of course.
If he is easily devoured by a small fish in the sea,
then he must also be a small fish.
It would simply prove that he was not worthy to be my lamata.
But I doubt such concern is necessary.
My lamata will not prove to be an easy kill.
Is there anything else that you have to say?
Your Majesty! It is a trifling matter,
but we have decoded the primitive creatures' transmissions.
Apparently the creatures refer to themselves as Earthlings.
So they possess enough intelligence to give meaning to their existence, huh?
Fascinating!
In that case, why don't we call them Earthlings as well?
But we have never done something like that in the past!
Don't be so rigid!
It has been ages since we came across such wonderful lamata.
We should treat them with respect in our interactions.
Now then, what will you do to entertain me next, Earthlings?
I apologize for leaving during the middle of our meeting yesterday.
Did you receive unfortunate news?
No, but it was an urgent message.
We have found a Wulgaru craft on Mars.
Operation: Ares
