The Third Plate
Eight
I have assembled a force of fifty men.
Within the hour, I will receive a report that the eviction is complete.
So, yeah. Your precious friends are in real trouble right now.
Are you feeling disappointed?
Your precious dorm is getting shut down, right?
It's all pointless, you see.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose this Shokugeki.
Do you still want to go through this?
Let's go!
Begin the eviction!
No... I don't want this.
I don't want to lose our dorm. No way!
Food Wars
The Third Plate
The Alchemist
Eizan Etsuya...
What a coward!
Yukihira!
Shokugeki
Uh, Eizan-senpai?
If I win this Shokugeki,
you'll also cancel the eviction from Polar Star Dormitory, right?
Huh?
Well, yeah.
Then I'm fine.
I'm going to focus on my cooking.
Huh.
So what are you making?
I'm going with gyoza.
Gyoza...
Heh. Gyoza, eh?
Doing a comfort food take on a gourmet ingredient?
I suppose that is rather innovative.
Indeed.
You know that if you mess up,
you'll destroy the refined aftertaste of the Satsuma chicken, right?
Well, just watch.
Stop loitering around, Rindo
What's that?
-senpai.
After preparing the chicken, let the meat rest without coming in contact with air.
Meanwhile, mince garlic chives, cabbage, and shiitake mushrooms!
Don't forget the ginger and garlic!
For the seasoning, combine soy sauce, black pepper, and oyster sauce.
Why should we bother watching you?
Hey, Yukihira.
Let's stop the posturing for a second.
We all know who's going to win.
You won't have a home to go back to, either.
This is the outcome after you decided to be a hero and challenged me to a Shokugeki!
Admit it!
You've lost all motivation to cook, haven't you?!
Well, Yukihira?
Yeah? Are you done with the eviction?
N-No!
Um, well...
Huh?
Fire!
Polar Star Dormitory
They're fighting back hardcore!
I can't let Polar Star Dormitory get shut down.
Never!
I knew you kids would say that.
Fumio-san!
Matron, what are these?
Relics from the Polar Star Dormitory's golden age!
Back then, we were on such a roll that there was a lot of resentment toward us.
Other students would frequently storm the place.
I had no idea.
B-But even if we stand our ground,
the outcome will be the same.
True.
But Soma-kun's fighting for all of us all by himself,
so at least...
At least we want to hold on until Yukihira finishes his match.
Until then, we have to protect this dorm.
We can't let Yukihira be the only one fighting for the dorm.
For Polar Star! Fight!
Yeah!
Why are all of you so stubborn?!
Eizan-senpai...
You seem to really like manipulating things,
but if there's something you wanna say to me,
can you do it with your cooking?
Fine.
I get it, Yukihira.
I guess if I want to break you, I have to cook.
Oh!
We can taste Eizan-dono's serious cooking!
It was worth letting this farce play out!
Fine, I've settled on a dish.
I'll serve a masterpiece that neither over nor under uses
the Satsuma chicken's flavors.
You try my dish, too, Yukihira.
That'll let you at least realize a little how far apart we are.
Based on the ingredients and seasonings Eizan's chosen,
he's probably going to make that dish.
He put the entire bird into the pot!
How bold!
I'm going to leave this untouched for about half an hour.
I'll take advantage of the residual heat to slowly cook the chicken through.
This process allows me preserve the Satsuma chicken's softness
to create an exquisite and tender mouthfeel.
His expertise in gauging doneness is put to the test
given that he's using a whole bird.
While the chicken's cooking,
he's sauteeing the skin to slowly render the fat.
Yeah.
In addition, he's using the light yet rich-tasting fat to
saute garlic, ginger, and raw rice!
What are you staring at, Yukihira?
Oh, well, I mean...
I was just thinking, you can cook after all.
Yukihira, you're the best.
Well, I get where you're coming from.
Eizan basically looks like a mobster with brains.
He may not look it, but he's pretty good, you know?
If he hadn't gotten neck-deep in consulting,
several of the current Elite Ten may have lost their seats to him.
First, please tell us why you took the entrance exam for this academy,
Totsuki Academy Junior High Division Entrance Exam Interview Location
Eizan Etsuya-kun.
Because I want to make money.
Eizan's total profits from his consulting gig in his very first year
surpassed the combined total of the tuition fees for all students that year.
He has leveraged Totsuki's connections and has done more than 500 consultations!
The consultations span a wide variety of topics and requests,
for all of which his performance exceeded perfection.
Such a feat would be impossible unless
he possesses an intuitive and exhaustive understanding
of innumerable cuisines and flavors!
The decision to admit him within the Elite Ten's ranks was unanimous.
That's how irrefutable his financial contributions were to the academy.
Indeed, he is The Alchemist.
The Alchemist
He is worthy of that title!
He's taking the raw jasmine rice he sauteed as the broth was coming together...
This is unforgivable as a businessman,
but I'm going to disregard cost and profit today.
Strategy is everything in cooking!
You have no chance of winning!
Yet you challenged me to a Shokugeki with no game plan!
Regret that and leave Totsuki!
Well, sure. I don't have anything you might call a strategy,
but I didn't challenge you without a chance at winning, you know?
Oh?
There's something I wanted to show you in this Shokugeki.
So please keep that in mind, judges, and hang on to your hats!
There!
The gyoza...
They are different from ordinary gyoza!
He's not using the usual wheat-based wrapper.
Instead, he's using the wings themselves as a wrapper?
I see.
He's removed the large and small bones from the wing
and stuffed the space left behind with filling.
They are Satsuma chicken wing gyoza.
Bingo!
They smell great.
The stuffing consists of ground pork, garlic chives, cabbage, and shiitake mushroom.
It also has coarsely-minced fatty pork.
Quick, quick!
Finish cooking!
Huh? Are you going to have some, too, Rindo-senpai?
Well, I made extra, so I guess it's all right.
This is pointless.
Hey, you don't need to make any for us.
We don't need to taste something...
Who are those judges, anyway?
They're all business partners with Eizan.
They're well-connected in the industry,
and have ties to Central as well.
I think they have a good eye for judging dishes.
Huh.
This dish was pretty popular with my family's store's customers, though.
Kobayashi Rindo!
You're a member of Central!
I question whether you should be spending so much time on a dish of this caliber.
My philosophy is to taste first and think later.
Hmph!
It's unbelievable that fatty pork was used in the stuffing.
It'd only serve to destroy the refined and delicate flavors of Satsuma chicken.
I can already tell before I even take a bite
that this is utter foolishness!
Got it, Yukihira?
That's the extent of your cooking skills.
Go on, step back.
Here's your reward for going along with this farce.
Dig in.
Hainanese Chicken Rice
Hainanese chicken rice!
Also known as khao man gai, Singapore chicken rice, and by many other names...
This is for you.
Thanks.
The delicate yet overwhelming umami!
The tenderness of perfectly cooked meat!
The lingering, exquisite flavors!
Chili Sauce
a chili sauce containing chicken broth,
Ginger Sauce
a ginger sauce containing chicken fat,
Siew Dam
and siew dam, a soy sauce variant essential to Thai cooking.
There's no question that they'd all pair well with the chicken, huh.
He capitalized on the Satsuma chicken through his dish's design and seasoning.
Eizan Etsuya's good taste in cooking is being expressed throughout this dish.
Through his cooking,
he has elevated the overall worth of an exceptional chicken to even greater heights!
This is indeed an alchemy of flavor!
Let's see.
Well done.
You're The Alchemist, all right.
Well, Yukihira Soma?
Your dish falls far short of Central!
Do you understand that now?!
Oh, but my dish isn't finished at all.
One final step is required to complete my gyoza.
I'm sure your tricks are second rate, anyhow.
It's obvious that we're as different as night and day!
Eizan-dono, this is clearly a waste of time.
Can we proceed with the vote?
Yeah, go ahead!
Just do it.
This concludes the Shokugeki.
It's done.
Don't be like that.
What's the harm?
Can't you at least try my dish, Eizan-senpai?
Oh?
Or...
are you scared?
By my cooking?
What?
If you're not scared stiff, you wouldn't mind trying it, right?
It'd be pretty lame if you went home without tasting my dish
after everything I've said, yeah?
Y-You...
Oh, guess you feel like tasting it now.
Glad to hear it!
Now, come closer!
Take a good look!
My gyoza's about to take on its final form!
What are you going to do, Yukihira?!
Even if they judge your dish,
they've been all bought out by Eizan!
Fine. Show me, Yukihira!
But that's the end of the line for you!
Enjoy your last time cooking here at the academy!
He had that Satsuma chicken stock going since before the match.
What's in those two containers?
They're nice and warm now.
The skin's looking good, too.
Here's where I add moisture!
Cheese?
Parmesan?
I get it now.
Yukihira's making winged gyoza.
The wings are typically made using flour thinned with water,
but Yukihira had the idea to make them with Parmesan cheese.
See?
The dish's really plunging into B-grade hodgepodge gourmet territory now.
Using fatty pork in the stuffing was already damaging enough,
but cheese only adds insult to injury.
You're just overwhelming the chicken's refined flavors with unnecessary extras!
It's the complete opposite of Eizan-dono's polished creation.
This was a waste of time, after all.
What's with the chicken broth?
All right!
Let's finish the evaluations and end the Shokugeki.
Shh.
Here it comes.
The wings have finished crisping up.
Now!
The broth.
Here's the final touch.
Make a thick sauce by adding arrowroot starch to the chicken broth,
and drizzle it over the gyoza as a finish!
Dig in, Eizan-senpai!
This is stupid.
What good does this sauce do?
You just threw that in at the last minute.
It's definite now.
You're not needed at Totsuki.
Oh?
Is something wrong, Eizan-senpai?
Are you maybe thinking that my gyoza tastes good?
It can't be.
It's just B-grade gourmet food.
Impossible!
Oh, c'mon.
If you're gonna be that harsh,
maybe you should just try it so you know for sure?
Here, there you go.
Hey, Eizan-senpai.
You thought mine tasted good, right?
Don't you want it to be clear which dish tastes better?
This is ridiculous!
I told you!
There's no need to try your dish!
It's time to vote!
Um... Well...
Can't we at least have a bite before we cast our votes?
Huh?
I mean, the outcome is already decided, so...
What are you saying?
I'm not eating any of it.
Well, excuse me, but I'm having a bite.
Oh, then I will, too.
Here, thanks for waiting!
Yeah! Here it comes!
I'll try it, too!
Kobayashi Rindo!
Well, even Eizan was acting like it was really good.
How can I not eat after that?
Hey, this is good, Yukihira Soma!
How?!
How could his slapdash cooking have enhanced the chicken's flavors to this degree?!
The answer to that question lies in the sauce.
I've added soy sauce, sake, vinegar, sugar, sesame oil,
and a secret ingredient to the chicken broth.
A secret ingredient?!
It's ketchup.
I made a special sweet-sour sauce with ketchup as the secret ingredient.
Ketchup...
It's the sweet-sour sauce used in dishes like sweet-and-sour pork
and crab omelet with rice.
It's a great way to offset the oiliness of Chinese cuisine!
The added acidity from the ketchup
allowed him to highlight the juiciness and richness of fatty pork and Parmesan cheese,
while heightening the elegant aftertaste of the chicken!
Tomatoes are basically umami bombs full of glutamic acid.
It pairs well with Parmesan cheese, too.
There's also synergy with the umami components in the chicken
and the shiitake mushrooms.
It may have looked like a hodgepodge of ideas in a B-grade gourmet dish,
as far from refinement as one might imagine...
And yet!
Once you take a bite,
it is an unimaginably perfect combination of flavors!
How does one even conceive of such a thing?
Oh, it wasn't just me who thought this up, you see.
I came up with the idea to add tomatoes to a dish like this
with other Polar Star Dorm students.
Don't worry, Erina-sama!
I will not allow them to touch you!
Hisako...
Yes?
The people at this dorm... are quite strange.
Strange?
Erina-cchi!
It's comeback time!
You never seem to get tired of this.
You told us off a lot yesterday, too!
I'm gonna make you say my dish is good today for sure!
So you followed my advice and changed the recipe?
Very well.
You are letting me stay here, after all.
I'll taste your creations again today
It's totally different from what I said you should do!
Huh? Well, yeah.
I told you!
Galantines are meant to be served cold!
Because it's served warm,
it lacks firmness.
Besides, you were supposed to capitalize on using sauce made from porcini mushrooms,
but you instead used strong gorgonzola cheese in your sauce!
It will certainly be even worse than yesterday's
What?!
It can't be...
It's still very rough around the edges,
but having strong flavors go head-to-head
actually enhanced each flavor!
Hey, hey.
How is it?
The pork fat flavor's coming through too strongly now.
It's making the taste too over-the-top.
But you kind of want to keep the richness.
Hey, hey, Erina-cchi.
Wait!
This combination can't work!
Hey, hey.
Using pork and chicken together like this?
Hey, c'mon.
You can't just keep adding flavors together!
You have to think about how to subtract flavors, as well.
Wait, how about adding more acidity?
Listen to me!
Yeah!
An acidity that'd keep the chicken's umami and the pork's richness
while negating the oiliness.
Hmm...
Acidity, hmm.
Maybe that?
Yeah! That!
All right!
Let's go pick some from the farm!
Off to the Polar Star farm!
H-Hey!
I said, listen to me!
I've done taste testing more times than I can count,
but hardly anyone ever disregarded my recommendations
because my sense of taste is absolute and infallible.
But here at Polar Star Dormitory,
the chaotic clash of random ideas
creates surprising solutions.
Central, was it?
From where you stand,
I bet we don't seem to be worth a proper evaluation or anything.
But in this dish, our day-to-day lives at the dorm are hanging in the balance.
The days we spent butting heads with each other at the dorm,
which you're now trying to shut down!
Hey, mister, you in the middle.
I'll crush your boring way of thinking that there's only one correct way to cook.
Try it.
It'll blow away your fossilized brain.
Hey...
C'mon, please reconsider.
This dish you'd made up your minds about being worthless isn't so bad, is it?
Yukihira!
Yukihira Soma
Eizan Etsuya
Thank you for eating!
Yukihira Soma
Eizan Etsuya
So Polar Star Dorm won't get shut down, right?
Are you watching this, folks at Central?
Okay, so if you try to mess with my friends or people I know,
you're gonna pay.
We might be lowbies to you or whatever,
but we're not gonna take it lying down.
If you wanna fight, I'll accept the challenge
and come at you all with everything I've got!
That'll be the case even if it's someone on the Elite Ten.
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
Next Episode: Hunting the Survivors
I hope you savor the next episode!
