Raise your eyes you can see shooting stars up in the night sky
Raise your eyes you can see shooting stars up in the night sky
One, two...
The sound resonates Into my heart, so hard and deep
A field of stars spans endlessly And through it I carve a passageway
In step with time as generations change
Close your eyes and listen closely
Shooting stars stream on silently until the goodbye
Keep the light inside of you, never give up don't ever lose
Transcend time and you will prove, there is a special place for you
A blaze of glory is there,
It's all a part of our estate; life is our story to create
Raise your eyes you can see shooting stars up in the night sky
Wishes speak from ages old by voice of light Throughout the age, never fade away
A secret fire, a scream of light, voices calling through twilight
Cast your thoughts to the wind, hang your wishes on the moon
Live your life with all your strength for dreams will reach you very soon
Raise your eyes you can see shooting stars up in the night sky
Wishes speak from ages old by voice of light
Throughout the age, never fade away
Someday your dream will find its place somewhere
Keep shining like a star
W-What did you just say, Captain Kuchiki?
What is the meaning of this?
As you heard. Don't make me repeat myself.
Rukia Kuchiki is guilty of a first-degree offense
and will be executed in 25 days at the Central Execution Grounds.
That is the final decision of the Soul Society.
This will be the last time we exchange words.
Rukia, the next time I see you will be at the execution stand.
We shall not shed tears...
For tears mean the defeat of the body to the heart.
And to us, that simply proves that the existence of a heart is a burden.
Lesson Two!
Shattered Shaft!
At the bottom of the Shattered Shaft, you have 72 hours, or three days,
before the chain is completely Encroached.
You must come back up here as a Soul Reaper before the time is up.
Otherwise, we'll have to kill...
the Hollow that you become.
You bastard! You intend to kill me?!
Oh yes...when you give up.
Completely hopeless.
Huh?! Huh?
At this rate, I will never be able to let you enter the Soul Society.
Oh no...
Well, of course!
Unless you are able to activate your powers at will,
you will die a dog's death in the Soul Society!
It's not that hard.
Just remember the first time you used it and retrace those steps.
It's easier said than done. I was so desperate that time...
What were you so desperate about?
Huh?
A person takes a sword when he's trying to protect something.
Perhaps it's your life, social status, reputation... loved ones, beliefs.
Though the motives might differ,
there's no difference in the desire to protect something.
Think back. What were you trying to protect back then?
I see...
I was...trying to protect Ichigo's kid sister?
A red cap...
long hair...
And since she's Ichigo's sister...
She looks like Ichigo... a girl.
Huh?!
It seems you failed at remembering.
And what about you?
I was...
at that time...
I was so desperate...
So desperate!
It shined!
Oh really?
E-Everyone!
Did you call?
When you need us, don't hesitate, just call.
In this situation... why would you need us?!
What are you doing?
I-I'm sorry. I remembered all kinds of things and...
Owwee!
You weren't even in danger, yet you called us! You terrible hussy!
Tsubaki... stop it!
It hurts when you kick!
Shut up! I'm pissed off!
You hussy! No! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Tsubaki, stop it! Please...!
Oh dear... He's uncontrollable!
Tsubaki is so rough. No, stop!
Well done.
Although, it seems you'll need... I said sorry!
practice on taming your power. Please...!
Now then...
What about you?
Why are you going to the Soul Society?
That was the fifth Encroachment just ending...
It seems they repeat the cycle of several minutes
of Encroachment and sleep.
During the Encroachment of the chain,
I can't move because it's so painful I could go blind.
So I have to act while they're asleep.
That kid makes no sense.
The method is reckless, but he's managing to climb
about three meters of this virtually straight-up wall!
Oh, my my...
Idiot.
Dammit!
Hey!
Huh?
Aren't you getting hungry?
I'm not! Besides, I'm in a soul form!
Why would I get hungry?!
That's good! I'll tell you something interesting.
When you get feeling hungry while in soul form...
it's a dangerous sign,
that you're just a step away from becoming a Hollow!
Huh?!
It's okay to feel thirsty, though.
And if you do get thirsty, go ahead and drink my spit.
Why you-!
Here... Ururu... You too.
Okay!
Come on down! Hey you! Brats!
It's coming down!
Cut it out! Stop! I'll beat the crap outta you!
Stop! Stop, please!
I wonder if it's dark outside... It's hard to tell the time in this room.
Dammit! I can't climb it...
How much time has passed? I can't tell.
How can I climb outta this place?!
I brought you some food. I figured you'd start feeling hungry.
As if I'd get hungry! Take a good look...
There's still quite a few links to the Chain of Fate.
I guess it can't be helped
if you can't tell time in a place like this.
Time?
70 hours have passed since you came down here.
Some quick ones start turning into Hollows already.
Also one more thing...
The final Encroachment is nothing like the others.
Huh?!
A-All the chains...!
Stop! Stop!
All of you! Sto-!
Hey hey! He's going to become a Hollow, after all!
I'm going into rescue mode.
Hold it.
Kisuke...
Watch him carefully.
Usually, when a Plus becomes a Hollow...
the spiritual body first explodes, and then reforms.
But in his case, the order is all mixed up.
The body is still a Plus, while the mask is being created first.
This is proof that he is resisting.
There's still a possibility that he will become a Soul Reaper again.
Let's watch a little longer.
And see if he truly becomes a Hollow.
Just for a little longer.
Ichigo, can you hear me?
Where am I?
Over here.
Who are you?
Who? What are you talking about?
It's me...
I can't hear it.
I see. It still can't reach you.
How sad...
How many times must I cry out before you can hear me?
There is no one in this world that knows me better than you do.
Huh? What are you talking about?
Sorry, but I don't know anyone depressing like you.
Huh?! Hey...!
How'd you...?!
I'm surprised. How can you stay seated in a place like that?
If you can scream, I guess you have time to spare.
Quite a good sign. Do not worry.
Soul Reapers rule death. They control many spiritual beings.
I'm...not...a Soul Reaper now!
Remember! That the Soul Reaper power that Byakuya Kuchiki snuffed out of you
was merely the Soul Reaper power you received from Rukia Kuchiki!
Of course! That is all he was after.
He thought that by destroying that, he could end this!
He was careless!
He overlooked the fact that you have Soul Reaper power of your own!
Huh? My own? Soul Reaper power?
That's right.
The power that was awakening due to Rukia Kuchiki's power,
hid itself in the very depths of your soul
an instant before Byakuya Kuchiki's thrust.
Now find it!
If there ever is a time when
you could find the power of the Soul Reaper that has hidden itself,
then that time is now, when this world has begun its collapse.
Countless boxes are raining down,
and in only one of them lies your Soul Reaper power.
Find it!
Will you cut out this nonsense?!
I will not abide any excuses. There is no time.
Before this world is completely destroyed, find it.
Or you will become a Hollow.
So what do I do?
How can I pick out one box out of all these,
that contains the Soul Reaper power?
What do I do?
I just don't have the ability to search for spiritual energy to begin with.
I think Ishida said the same thing to me.
Ishida?
That's right...how did he find out I was a Soul Reaper?
You know?
It was some simple method...
Did you know?
He bragged about it... but what was it?
Did you know?
The Spirit Ribbon of a Soul Reaper is red.
That's it!
It's this one!
What the-?!
The handle of a Zanpaku-to?
You've done well in finding it.
I hope that next time, you will hear my name.
Could you possibly be...?
What are you doing?! It's crumbling!
Hurry and pull me out!
Huh?!
This is the limit, Boss!
I am switching to Suppression mode.
Bakudo 99 Part 2: Ban-kin!
First Incantation: Bandage!
Second Incantation: Hundred Dead Bolts!
Hey Tessai! If you do that, he'll die!
There is no other way!
I can't hold him down any longer!
I must destroy him before he becomes a Hollow!
Final Incantation: Fatal Seal!
This is it!
W-What...?!
Something's coming out!
W-What the heck is that?!
Hey!
Is that you?
Answer, Orange head!
If you're alive, answer me!
Huh?
Shihakusho...and a mask?
Is he a Hollow? Or a Soul Reaper?
Don't take me lightly! Come at us if you want!
You didn't become a Hollow?
Congratulations!
You went and became a Soul Reaper again!
Well done! Lesson Two cleared!
Shut up!
I swore! That when I got out of the hole alive, I'd kill you without fail!
Perfect timing.
With that spirit, we'll go right into Lesson Three.
Lesson Three has no time limit at all.
If you can use your Zanpaku-to to knock off my hat,
then the lesson will be cleared.
Not bad, considering your Zanpaku-to is broken.
Of course! And I haven't really gotten down to business yet!
No time limit, huh? Forget that.
Let's end this in five minutes.
Sounds good.
Five minutes...
and we'll end this, huh?
With much appreciation
I send a rhapsody filled with treasured thoughts
To the people who have always held me up.
Thank you for everything
Thank you so much
Wherever I may be
Ill always be grateful for who you are.
I was casually walking through town
Around the time dusk fell and the city was bathed in red
It was an afternoon with crowds of people coming and going
I dont know why but I just stood there and watched
Then my cell phone started to vibrate and I made myself move
hoping it could fill in this hole in my heart
Youre not alone You see, everybody
We gotta hold each other up
With much appreciation
I send a rhapsody filled with treasured thoughts
To the people who have always held me up.
Thank you for everything
Thank you so much
Wherever I may be
Ill always be grateful for who you are.
In order to release the power of the Zanpaku-to,
one has to discover its name and summon it.
Now then, can Ichigo find it?
1000 points says he can't.
2000 points says I can!
Well then...
