It's a castle.
Someone's fighting?
Going through the front door would be a bad idea.
Shirou, we'll enter through there.
So that is how it is.
Wow, that's awesome!
No way! Those were all Noble Phantasms?
What the hell, man?
You're crazy powerful!
By comparison, this guy wasn't as tough as he looked.
This is why I can't stand meat-heads!
If you value your life, stand back, fool.
It is far too early for laughter.
I am tired of seeing heroes that do not fall when cut or burned.
But I have never seen a man truly return from the dead.
It would seem your life has been sublimated through a Noble Phantasm of heroic tales.
That Noble Phantasm is the one asset I lack.
In that sense, I suppose even I stand at a disadvantage.
Although vexing, it seems only the highest class of arms will work on that man.
It is said Heracles overcame twelve penances,
He is unyielding,
the ultimate expression of human perseverance.
My treasury, however, is the exact opposite.
It is infinite, the ultimate expression of overwhelming force.
As you can see, it overflows with weaponry to slay heroes.
Stop playing at being a nursemaid, Heracles.
Fight me in earnest,
or you will use up all your labors.
Berserker won't lose to anyone...
Because he's the strongest in the world!
He's back!
Mother?
Your mother was destroyed...
Killed at the hands of the man she loved above all others.
What are you saying?
Mother said that she would become the Holy Grail,
and Kiritsugu would keep her safe.
Betrayed...
You were... We were betrayed by that man.
And cast aside like some tool.
No!
You're lying... You're lying. That must be a lie.
Everything you're saying has to be a lie!
Where is Kiritsugu?
I'll be okay... I can manage on my own.
I'll be okay by myself.
They say that he died.
They say that the traitor died.
They say he thought only of himself until his end,
never even coming back for us.
I don't care.
That has nothing to do with me.
I've decided to live my life by myself.
But it does have to do with you.
Because he had a child.
That man had a family.
A family other than me.
A family? My little brother?
Yes, I know you'll be able to kill each other.
You'll be able to kill each other soon.
After all, the Greater Grail's flame was not extinguished.
The battle ended without resolution, so it will soon resume.
I can't wait.
I can't wait, Illyasviel!
That gives you a reason to live, just like that human, right?
It hurts... It hurts...
I don't want to do this anymore.
Why does my body have to be opened up every day?
They should just quit the stupid Holy Grail War...
We cannot.
After all, it is our purpose.
The miracle that occurred a thousand years ago.
We were created in order to replicate it.
Magic?
Humanity's salvation?
That will only bring happiness to humans.
What are we living for?
We have no concept of happiness.
Because we are just tools.
We are the ones used, not the users.
Even Elder Acht has probably never experienced joy.
Yes. We are all nothing but tools to activate the Holy Grail.
To that end, we have suffered for a thousand years.
And then, they finally achieved you.
Achieved me?
Yes, you are the Einzberns' crowning achievement,
the end result of the techniques that created us.
No matter how much time passes,
they will never be able to create one that surpasses you.
So if you are defeated, they will all give up.
Elder Acht will probably turn off the power source himself.
Because they will have their answer.
That we are relics of the past.
Everyone will give up?
You'll all end your own lives?
Yes, the factory called the Einzberns
will abandon their millennial research.
With a smile on their faces,
saying they gave it their best, but it was all for naught.
That isn't right!
You're all alive! Why do you have to die?
Shouldn't I be the only one to die, the one who's gonna fight?!
Do not mourn us, sweet child.
Even if everything was futile, we do not mind.
Even if we cannot be saved, we will finally be freed of our obligations.
Duty, duty... It's always duty!
Who do the Einzberns think they are?
We never had identities of our own!
I am Sella, and starting today, I will be looking after you.
And this is Leysritt, who has been assigned to protect you.
I-Illya... Nice to meet you.
Please forgive her. Leysritt's link is not yet complete
I don't care.
Making introductions is pointless.
You're all the same, anyway.
Then is the Servant here?
Yes, the summoning has already been performed.
He is the great hero renowned in Greek myth, Heracles.
How awe-inspiring...
Rejoice, mistress!
With a Heroic Spirit such as this summoned, your victory is assured!
We place our lives and our meager abilities at your
I don't want it.
I don't want anything like that.
Servants are nothing more than tools.
What's on the inside doesn't matter.
I can manage just fine on my own.
I'll win the Holy Grail War by myself.
That is wrong.
You need Berserker...
Berserker will keep you safe...
Don't make me laugh.
Servants are just familiars that are bound by rules.
If not for my Command Seals, it would betray me in an instant.
I don't trust anyone anymore.
We will now begin linking you to Berserker.
Seventy percent of your body is composed of Magic Circuits,
so you will receive far more Servant feedback than an ordinary Master.
Please exercise the utmost caution.
Illya, if it hurts, stop.
That doesn't matter. Let's begin.
What's going on?
What are you doing? Move like I said, Berserker!
Move, I said!
Why won't you move?
Come on... Move!
And you call yourself the most powerful Heroic Spirit?
Come on, move!
Mistress!
Please sever the link!
Let's perform the pact ritual another time!
This is nothing...
I'll break him soon enough, so be quiet and watch.
I won't be beaten.
I'm the most powerful Master in the world!
Huh? How did I...
Oh, right... I was in the middle of the final test.
If I make it back to the castle alive, I can go to Fuyuki.
But I left Berserker behind.
That's okay, though.
When I get back to the castle, I'll just summon a new Servant.
I'll summon one that won't cause me pain and isn't so scary.
Berserker?
Why are you here?
I left you behind...
Why aren't you fighting?
Because of me?
Because you don't want to make me suffer?
Because you don't want to hurt me?
Get them, Berserker.
I finally understand.
You didn't protect me because I ordered you to or because you're a Servant.
You've been protecting me of your own free will, haven't you?
You're so strong, Berserker...
He won't lose.
Berserker won't lose to the likes of him.
Because Berserker is...
He's stronger than anyone!
What was that?
Shirou...
You understand, right?
No matter what happens, don't interfere.
We have no way to fight them now.
Got it?
If you want to save people,
save yourself first, and then think about others.
Your defeat is certain.
How about it? Since you will die anyway,
why not lay down your burden at the end?
Fighting unencumbered, you still have a chance of slaying me.
I see...
Then die with your mistress.
Don't lose...
Berserker!
In that case, I shall give you the greatest of labors!
That makes eleven!
You've run out of chances, Heracles!
Had he forsaken his mistress at once, he would have stood a chance...
Ultimately, he was no more than a lowly beast? One who lived to fight?
I had hoped for better from a fellow demigod.
I did not take you to be such a fool.
Berserker!
Return to me, Berserker!
Why? I told you to come back inside me, so why won't
No use, little puppet.
The Chains of Heaven!
Anything bound in these chains cannot escape, not even a god.
Rather,
it binds those with high divinity levels, such as this man, more tightly.
As if I would allow him to teleport away via Command Seal.
No.
No, Berserker...
Berserker.
Berserker...
Berserker...
Shirou, I'm begging you!
Huh? It hurts...
It really hurts.
Berserker...
Where are you? I can't see you.
It's all dark. I can't see anything...
Thank goodness.
Please stay here with me forever, Berserker...
What?
Troublesome man.
You surpass your own myth to the very end.
Stop it, you bastard!
Even if everything's dark, I'm not scared.
Because you're strong, Berserker.
With you next to me like this, I don't have to worry.
Because you always protected me.
You might have been scary, but actually, you were kind.
You were big, just like Father.
I really wanted you to scoop me up in your arms, just once.
Yeah.
It's kinda cold, isn't it?
Does betrayal rub you the wrong way?
Caster's head must be hurting, too.
You're already messed up.
You seem to have the will to fight, but that means nothing.
It just pisses me off that there are Servants like you!
Next Time Winter Days, the Form Wishes Take
