What happened?!
How are Bellows and the others?! What about the pirates?!
There is no loss of personnel to the defensive side's vessel.
The enemy force has been annihilated.
Annihilated... You murdered all of the pirates?!
Affirmative. The enemy force has been annihilated.
Ledo, you idiot!
What was that about?
The Villainous Empress
The pirate convoy was wiped out?
Not just their fleet. All of the bastards who boarded my boat, too.
With them dead, it's a sure bet the others will come, hellbent on revenge.
They really botched this up.
Fleet Comander! We need to get rid of that boy as soon as possible.
How about handing him over to the pirates?
Maybe that will cool them off?
Hey, hold up! You're seriously talking about makin' a deal with pirates?!
Then what would you have us do?
Like I've been sayin', just keep the Yunboro and as for the kid...
What we need to do right now...
We can decide on how to deal with the boy later.
I never imagined something like this happening...
What he said about battling in outer space was true...
Maybe I shouldn't have opened my big mouth...
I've been looking for you, Amy!
I've got a little favor to ask.
They really hate me...
Their response defies rational analysis...
I thought it might lead to negotiating...
A flying object is overhead.
It's Amy and Bellows! Lower the guns!
Um, look...
Sorry I yelled at you before. Are you mad?
No problem. There is no need to apologize.
Really? Good.
I'm Bellows. I've been wanting to speak with you...
Here's a little present.
It seems she wishes you to consume the animal carcass.
Again?!
Ledo... That's your name, right?
Why did you slaughter the pirates?
Does eliminating the enemy require a reason?
I don't know how things are in space,
but here taking a life is something that must be justified.
It is not an issue when you kill a living thing for food?
Certainly, we kill fish and birds to eat.
But only enough for us to survive.
We don't take lives needlessly.
Furthermore, the pirates are human. We're the same species!
You mustn't take lives lightly.
If it is forbidden to shed human blood,
why do you possess weapons?
If someone feels like it, they could rob you of your life.
Pirates use that threat to try to get people to do what they want.
And so our attitude is that we're not just gonna roll over and die for them.
Displaying arms to each other is a kind of negotiation in itself.
We have this expression. Give fresh water to the one who catches the fish.
Are those words a recommendation for humans to aid each other?
That's right. Because we can't survive unless everybody brings something.
But the pirates do not adhere to that rule.
Of course we don't agree with that.
We're not letting any pirates have our lives or our possessions!
But our message is,There's no profit in attacking us.
It's enough just to communicate that to them.
But add death to the mix, that changes things.
In order to regain their stance as the threatening side,
they're left in the position of having to spill even more blood.
I understand the situation.
Good.
Anyway, no matter what people say, we need your power for run-ins with the pirates.
This is a communication device.
Eventually, I'll want you to speak to the others.
Even if it didn't end up as it should, you saved me.
This bird is my thanks for that. See you.
Say, Ledo...
If you don't have a place to go, why not stay here?
I think we'll find a way to make things turn out smoothly.
She wants me to live on this boat? Yeah, right...
Shall I refuse?
No. Don't refuse.
I will consider it.
Promise?! You really will consider it?
Well, I'll be getting back...
Ledo, I'm grateful to you for protecting Bellows's ship.
Bye!
Thank you so much!
Such a peculiar phrase...
I understand the situation.
You can leave.
I never did like them,
but I didn't think they'd dare mess with us like this.
Captain, that flying Yunboro worries me...
Marocchi...
Making a fuss over a little incident like that only makes them cockier.
Yes, sir...
And what happens to those who would get cocky with us?
No matter what secret weapon they may have, they're no match for me.
Captain, fleet at 3 o'clock... and there's a ton of ships!
What?!
Those are pirates!
Commander Worm, incoming message from the cargo ship Atuy!
They've spotted a large pirate fleet in neighboring waters!
So they're here?
They wish to interlock with our fleet for emergency shelter.
He said the pirate fleet has at least 30 ships.
30 ships? Almost all of the pirates in this area?!
Moreover, he said they saw a lobster insignia among them.
The Great Pirate, Lukkage!
What's their course?
They were spotted here.
At that point, it seems they were heading east by southeast.
It's safe to say their objective is our fleet.
We'll encounter them by nightfall. Let's change course!
There's no point. We don't have the speed to get away.
But they've got 30 pirate ships, all loaded to the gills with firepower.
Even including the small patrol boats, our escort fleet has just 15 ships...
There's no way they can protect us.
And trying to negotiate with them...?
They're coming for revenge.
Only spilled blood will satisfy them.
Fleet Commander...
Let's ask that kid to help us.
W-What are you saying?!
Can you hear me, Ledo?
Do you want something?
The pirates are heading this way. We'll have to tangle with them by this evening.
I have already acquired the approaching fleet target.
I am prepared to assist you.
Is that what you wish?
Fleet Commander, would you talk to him?
Ridiculous! We're in this situation because of that brat's-
Regardless, if we can use that Yunboro, it should make for a considerable advantage.
Ridget.
Yes, sir.
This is Ridget.
I'll speak to you on behalf of the Fleet Commander. All right?
No problem.
Let me confirm. You say you'll help us,
but do you recognize that it's your fault we're in these circumstances?
I understand. I apologize for killing the pirates.
Then one more thing...
With your military force, isn't it possible that you could destroy us, too?
Affirmative. This machine alone could wipe out this entire fleet.
Then why are you offering to help weaklings like us?
I wish to make a deal.
A deal?
Bellows told me.
You people say, Give fresh water to the one who catches the fish.
She also told me that the pirates don't follow those words.
So I decided it would be more beneficial to make a deal with you than the pirates.
I would like to stay here for the time being.
Fleet Commander, I think we should accept the boy's deal.
W-What?!
We mustn't neglect to give water to the one who catches the fish.
Confirmation requested.
The mission of this machine is only to divert the pirates. Is that correct?
Yes. All you have to do is get their attention.
Be sure to restrain yourself from attacking excessively.
I understand your demands.
If at all possible, I will take care not to cause human casualties.
So this is what it's like inside...
Do not enter the cockpit without permission.
The hell was that for, you overgrown tin can?!
Unbelievable...
We're entrusting the defense of our fleet to that strange kid?
It's the Fleet Commander's decision.
I can understand why he made it.
Even so...
Marocchi.
Haven't we arrived at the Gargantia yet?
I sure they'll be noticin' us pretty soon...
On a night as dark as this, maybe even they have a chance of winning.
You're joking!
In this world, nobody exists who could beat us in a night battle!
Oh, is that right?
What's this?!
Pirate fleet confirmed.
We're going to begin the battle.
Up there! Shoot it down!
All ships, cannons at the ready!
Alright! All ships, commence firing!
Don't tell me they beat us to the punch in a night battle.
What the hell is that Yunboro?! It's flyin' all over the place!
Come on, already! Counterattack!
All ships, aim at the enemy fleet and fire!
The Chezy and Nephilim have been hit!
The Chezy can't continue fighting!
Have it retreat. All the other ships, continue...
The Marcus is hit!
Keep firing! Don't lose this!
Even more allied ships have been hit.
Estimate: In 17 minutes, the allied force will no longer be able to continue fighting.
Then we've got no choice. We're going to enter the fray.
While avoiding human casualties, disable the enemy's firepower and mobility.
Roger.
No signs of life.
No human casualties.
Alright.
Here it comes!
The Crocodile's on fire!
The Grach has reversed course! Are they tryin' to get away on their own?!
Everyone should be getting here about now.
We'd better get ready as well.
Aye, sir!
Something's over there!
Light it up!
Pirates!
Pirate attack!
Citizens, evacuate to starboard!
Fire!
Move our Yunboros out, too!
Send the guards up top!
Warning: The Gargantia is being invaded by enemy armored troops.
When did they get here?!
You're not the only one with a special Yunboroid.
Empress Lukkage is gonna attack!
I haven't seen Empress Lukkage's Lobster in a long time!
The Surfing Lobster...
It's heading for the Gargantia!
All nearby Heavy Yunboros, aim for that and fire!
She's getting through!
Dammit!
What's happening?!
Looks like Lukkage just crashed into the superstructure!
What?!
She's climbing!
Send the garrison to superstructure one!
Everyone evacuate.
I'm the one she wants.
Fleet Commander!
I wonder where Fleet Commander Fairlock is...
I'm anxious to crush him.
Oh, my... You suddenly embrace a lady from behind...
But I don't have anything against an aggressive man.
What's she trying to do?!
Gung ho!
Semper fi!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
It seems you're good at flying, but how are you in the water?
Wha...?!
I don't believe this...
This can't be...
Warning to the invading enemy: Surrender immediately.
Surrender?! Lukkage?!
She's not giving me much choice...
Repeat: Surrender.
The safety of your lives is guaranteed.
What a bore you are! No matter how many times you say it, I'll never...
Hey!
Surrender. Surrender. Surrender immediately.
Repeat: Surrender.
Go... to hell...
I'll never surrender... even if it... kills me...
Oh, crap! Pull out!
W-Wait!
That kid did it...
Thank you!
Thank you!
I keep hearing that word.
It is an idiom denoting gratitude.
Gratitude...
I see. He did well...
How do you intend to deal with the boy?
I wonder what Chevron would have done...
My father?
I'm going to let you decide.
Good job!
I'll cook you a special dinner tonight, too!
Thank you...
