Here he comes!
The one we've been waiting for!
The crowd's mood has changed.
Why, though?
To think we'd be able to see this man fight again!
The crowd is quivering in bliss!
Suiryu is here!
He'll be going up against Max!
He's got quite the reputation, but is he actually better than me?
No... Remember, Lightning Max.
The opponent I really need to surpass...
Compared to that monster, you're puny.
Suiryu, I have to get stronger.
Otherwise, I won't be able to protect everyone as a hero.
Unfortunately for you,
I view you as a worthy opponent for testing a new anti-monster technique!
So you're a pro hero?
With rather lofty ambitions, I see.
I guess everyone has their own reasons for seeking strength.
Take your stance.
Begin!
Lightning Big Wheel Double Ax Kick!
The reason I sought strength...
was so I could glide through life easily.
Sorry I'm the stronger one.
The Uprising of the Monsters
D-Did you see that, Charanko?!
Did you see Suiryu's kick?!
Yeah, why?
How are you so calm right now?
Oh, it must be because he's an amateur.
He took down a Class A hero in a single blow.
I guess there's a surprising number of civilians
who are stronger than pro heroes.
I guess that's to be expected.
Master Saitama was also doing hero work as a hobby.
It makes sense that there could be other powerful people like him.
I'm sure none of them are on Master's level, though.
But that man might be able to satisfy Master's desire to experience martial arts.
This is...
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sure you're even more fired up now,
but next up,
we have Benpats from Bad Roads Martial Arts and Snek from Snakebite Fist!
Whoever wins this fight will face off against Suiryu in the second round!
You're a Class A hero?
You don't look very strong.
If I can defeat Suiryu, who defeated Lightning Max,
it might have a positive effect on my rank.
All right.
Snakebite Fist.
Like anyone would fall for a fake stance like that nowadays.
You lowest-ranking hero jerk!
I'm not the lowest ranking.
I'm the lowest-ranking Class A hero!
Commentators' Booth
There's trouble!
An extremely violent monster has appeared nearby!
We need to evacuate everyone immediately!
Seriously? Hurry up and make the announcement
There's no need.
Huh? Bakuzan!
That'll just cause people to panic.
But if a monster shows up at this venue...
Look at how many martial arts masters we have here.
No place could be safer.
True...
Don't worry. If any monsters infiltrate the venue,
I'll take care of them myself.
Monsters have appeared, huh?
That's way too many.
City C... There's one in this city, too.
Should I let Master know?
No, I can just go take care of it myself.
I won't let it interfere with this tournament.
No matter how many small fry there are, I'll dispose of them immediately.
Wh-What the hell?
You aren't weak at all...
The winner is Snek!
I want to believe that I rank among the strongest myself.
But you get sick of the reality pretty quick.
The battlefield of top heroes is filled with nothing but monsters.
Incinerate.
It's the Demon Cyborg!
That was some blow!
We're saved!
I'm currently in City C near the stadium. What's the situation?
Multiple monsters have appeared simultaneously in several cities.
We've confirmed that there are currently five in City C.
Mr. Demon Cyborg, there's another monster over there.
There's one over there, too!
I got rid of one.
Where are the other four?
I'll guide you to them.
A blow charged with electricity!
Bazuzu VS Boltane
The winner is Boltane!
Winner: Boltane
Gatling's super fast punches have finally taken down Hamukichi.
He can no longer stand!
Winner: Gatling
Dave immediately opened the match with an explosive body press!
Winner: Dave
Rosie was taken down in mere seconds!
And the referee had to interfere!
Choze is strong!
Mentai didn't stand a chance!
Winner: Choze
Rocket Stomp!
I know there's another one of you in the area.
Tell me where they are or continue to suffer until you die.
Choose one.
Next up, we have Jakumen from Giga Pro Wrestling
versus Sourface from Sourface-Style Kenpo!
They are both competing here for the first time!
Do your best out there, Sourface!
Shut up! I used to be Master Bang's second-best student!
This guy's pretty huge.
No, wait. I'm stronger!
I think...
Think back on all of your rigorous training!
This guy's face is pretty scary...
Lemme have your face.
There you are. I'm going to eliminate you.
Oh, hey. If it isn't a celebrity.
Can I rip off your face, too?
How do you like my knifework?
I had you hit my hard head on purpose.
High Voltage Fist!
Begone.
He's taking care of them in seconds.
The Class S hero, Genos... He's incredibly powerful.
Demon Cyborg... The last one is two kilometers northwest from there.
There are already others engaged in battle there.
Can you speak?
Wh-When you're fighting him, make sure you don't lose sight of him.
He'll be behind you before you know it.
Are you a Class S hero?
Do you hate cockroaches, too?
Not cockroaches in particular, but I have a long-running feud with bug monsters.
The last one.
If I can take care of this one with no issues,
I might make it to Master's match in time.
Just so you know, I'm strong.
Jakumen ends up tapping out!
That was an excellent finishing move on Sourface's part!
And they're holding each other up!
What beautiful sportsmanship!
Did you win, Sourface?
What?! Weren't you watching, Charanko?
Didn't you see how awesome I was?
I was in the bathroom.
You jerk...
Hey! The guy you're up against next...
Be careful with him.
I've seen Bakuzan in action before.
Crap... I undid my obi in the bathroom,
He shows no mercy to inferior opponents...
Hey!
and I don't know how to retie it.
Are you listening?!
Next up, we have Charanko, fresh off a victory over Zakkos,
versus Bakuzan, a former two-time consecutive winner!
He is the master of Darkness Hellkill, which has left many fighters bloody!
Will he be sending even more of his opponents to the hospital this time around?
I'm just teaching those who lack resolve a lesson.
Listen up. When two martial artists fight, it's not a sport.
Lives are at stake...
Hey!
Well, whatever. This should work.
I'm going to kill you.
Begin!
And it's begun! How does Charanko plan to fight against Bakuzan?
He's wide open. What's with this guy?
Does he even have the will to fight?
Uh-oh! Bakuzan is closing the gap between them!
Hey, you.
Are you an amateur?
Yeah. This is actually my first time doing one of these things.
Let me experience your martial arts technique.
Very well.
As you wish, I'll give you my full course before executing you.
First, your leg.
My Demon-Sweeper Low Kick crushes bone, so you'll never be able to stand again.
Next, your torso.
After my Bear-Killer Mid Kick and Carnage Punch...
your arm will break, and your guts will go flying.
Lastly, your head...
My Hell-Bringin' Hand Chop will split your skull,
so you can kiss this world goodb
Don't touch my head!
Uh... Out of bounds...
Crap. I missed out on the actual fighting part again.
The match is over! Someone get a stretcher!
What an absolutely stunning upset!
The one who defeated Bakuzan, who was favored to win this tournament,
was Charanko, who is competing here for the first time!
He finished him in one punch again.
Okay, then. I guess I'll do that, too.
Mr. Ignoramus is here to explain the recent monster outbreak.
Mr. Ignoramus, what are your thoughts on the recent outbreak of monsters?
Monster Expert Ignoramus
Nothing?
Oh, we've just received new information.
The Class A hero Lightning Genji was critically injured and has collapsed.
Hero Guide
What do you think about this?
I see that you're speechless.
Critically Injured
Hey!
Hey, wake up!
Ow...
Are you all right, Mohican?
There should have been a father and a son here.
Do you know where the son went?
Waganma
Narinki
Mr. Narinki's son, Wanganma, was kidnapped by monsters.
What?! But why?
We're not sure, but Mr. Narinki's contributions cover 7 of our expenses,
so we cannot lose his trust.
Right. Getting Waganma back safely takes top priority.
Gather all heroes at Class A and up!
But...
Are you saying to ignore all the monsters rampaging through the cities?
The Class S hero Metal Bat has been found critically injured and unconscious.
Come on, now. What's wrong?
You can't hit me like that.
I can't get a good shot at him...
Where are you looking? I'm right over here!
It's not just that he's fast...
My eyes can't keep up with his unusual movements, and he slips between buildings.
You leave me no choice.
I didn't want to use this, but...
Oh? Do you still have something else up your sleeve?
Are you going to shoot laser beams from your eyes?
I didn't even want to equip myself with this, but Dr. Kuseno was right.
Tracking missiles? Poisonous gas?
I will not grow if I cannot face superior opponents.
It's not pesticide, is it?
Wh-What the...
My legs! This is...
It's an instantaneous super-strength adhesive.
Even if a super-fast ninja attacks me, I can take them out in an instant.
But by using this, I'm basically acknowledging how fast he is.
What are you talking about?!
I guess this doesn't concern you.
Incinerate.
Did he leave his feet behind and flee?
Either way, he's critically injured.
I guess I can head back to the stadium.
I might make it back in time for Master's match.
Something's approaching at high speed...
Is it the cockroach? No... This is something different.
Hey... You're not supposed to fall under her control so easily!
You're so cute when you're panicked.
Too bad for you, but they're all my slaves now.
How does it feel to have your subordinates taken from you?
Come on, you'd better fight back.
You must be holding back.
In that case, I'll let you join them as one of my slaves!
You're not gonna survive like that.
Shut up!
Wow, you hold up against these numbers quite well.
But I wonder how long you can keep that up!
Here we go! I'm going to lash you to pieces!
She's feeling that.
Now you're mine.
By the way, you're one of the Psychic Sisters, aren't you?
In other words, your little sister is the Class S hero Terrible Tornado.
Meaning if I use you as bait, I can lure Tornado out.
Good thing your little sister's so special.
She hasn't lost her senses to my whip?
Her will is so strong... I think I hate her.
That hurt, you stupid bitch!
I was going to use you to lure out your little sister, but forget that!
I'll rip you to shreds right now!
You don't have to lure her out. My older sister will come.
What's this shaking?
I guess she was closer than I thought.
She can sense when I've sustained damage.
She's coming.
Explosions?!
Something's coming nearer.
Something terrible!
She's coming.
Terrible Tornado.
S-Super S...
There's an insane monster on the hero side, too...
She's even worse than I thought.
She destroyed... us all...
I should probably get out of here...
There she is.
Big Sis! I-I haven't lost ye
Go on home already, Blizzard.
I'll clean up your mess.
S-Slaves! Buy me time to run away!
Wait! They're on our side! Please don't attack them!
I just asked you to not attack them...
I wouldn't call this an attack.
Uh, that was definitely an attack.
Also, I wouldn't say they're on our side. They're just a hindrance.
I'm surprised you still had that Class B club thing going on.
Ugh, she escaped.
I probably shouldn't waste time here talking
since there are apparently other monsters.
Could you tell your flunkies
that they're just in the way, so they should probably just run?
I'd be denying my own worth, so I was trying not to think about it...
But this isn't good. I'm thinking about it again.
I want to eat you! I want to eat human flesh!
Hold it right there!
Now that I, Snakebite Snek, am here, I won't let you hurt anyone else!
I was shining so brightly back then.
I was someone special who had the power to protect the masses.
The fact that I was a real hero fulfilled my spirit.
But over time, I began to see reality a bit clearer.
There were creatures out there I couldn't defeat, no matter how much I struggled.
There were even nameless civilians out there that I couldn't defeat.
Are pro heroes actually necessary?
I find myself asking that a lot lately.
Maybe even if I didn't exist...
Even if the Hero Association didn't exist...
There'd still be someone else to defeat the monsters.
If anything, this man definitely doesn't seem like he'd need me to protect him.
That Max guy earlier had a little more oomph.
Why do you just keep dodging? Why not attack?
I wanted to at least confirm your abilities.
Class A heroes get a pretty high salary, don't they?
If someone at your level can do it, it might be a decent job.
Just kidding. I'd just want the money.
Why are you so strong?
You're frivolous and lack all ambition.
Maybe it's just pure talent.
You really piss me off.
When I was training, I'd just randomly spar with my master.
But I haven't even trained the last couple of years.
Why do you bother being a hero? I mean, at your skill level...
Wh-What?!
There are many more powerful monsters lately.
Is there even a reason for you to try anymore?
Even if there weren't any heroes, the people who could survive would still survive.
The weak are weeded out, whether we have monsters or not.
That's how nature works.
So you're saying that we should just let the monsters kill people?!
What's going on?!
Is this part of the show?
Monsters!
Hero Association Hospital
Inside the hospital?!
We'll hold them back! Everyone, get to the roof!
Bottom of Foot
Despite that, we survive.
What the hell does a monster want at a jail?
The boss escaped from jail to defeat some monsters!
So Puri-Puri Prisoner isn't here?
Oh, well.
Who are you saying will survive?
The strong.
Super big
Big winner!!
What
This is what I'm talking about.
Sounds exciting out there.
Well, Gyoro-Gyoro, are the monsters we sent forth wreaking havoc?
Yes. We've lost some, but it appears that we still remain dominant.
The Hero Association is panicking.
What is Goketsu doing?
It seems he's heading toward an event venue where
there's a martial arts tournament going on.
So far, our big victories include Demon Cyborg, Metal Bat, and Metal Knight.
And we still have our main forces on standby.
Victory is certain for the Monster Association,
Monster King Orochi.
Class S Heroes
