The wind is warm.
May. When I wake up and open the window, I don't recoil from the wind anymore.
Rei Kiriyama.
That's my name.
In a small town by a big river,
is where I live.
Class C-1, 5th dan. Eighteen years old.
Profession: Pro shogi player.
Setting Sun
KOMAHASHI PRIVATE HIGH SCHOOL
May.
Shogi Science Club activities have finally begun.
SCIENCE LAB
Wait, hold on.
Wait a second.
Eisaku Noguchi Third-year high school student
Is it okay if I look at the book?
After School Shogi Science Club
Go ahead.
Rei Kiriyama Profession: Pro shogi player
Shogi Science Club
OOTA-KUN
Get near the king as if to surround it, eh?
MUTTER MUTTER
Former Homeroom Teacher
Faculty Advisor Takashi Hayashida
For me, this is pretty much my first club activity.
I could do this, but then my bishop would be captured, so...
I lost.
SIGH
SLUMP
I-I didn't realize defeat could be this painful.
I-I won.
It's because I'm never subjected to such severe wins or losses in everyday life.
And even worse, I must declare the loss myself.
With three pawns, shift and slide the opponent's pieces
Even if I read the book and come up with a strategy,
A feisty knight will be eaten by a pawn
my opponent would most likely attack me in a different way,
The pawn under a gold general is more solid than a rock
so I don't know what to do.
Strike rooks and bishops from a distance
Shogi Proverb Cards by Noguchi
As you can see, I even made shogi proverb cards.
And if I come up with a plan, my opponent will have a countermeasure to my plan,
forcing me to think of a countermeasure to his countermeasures to my original plan.
Bwaaa!
Ugh! There's no end to it, is there?
Well, no, there's no end to it.
Naturally your opponent isn't going to go by the book,
so just be careful as you proceed.
ROOK
First, with Climbing Silver, your goal is to promote your rook, so please aim for that.
As you do that, try not to let any of your pieces be captured.
And after it's promoted?
The ultimate goal is to capture your opponent's king,
so you should surround that king with as many of your pieces as possible.
SILVER GENERAL
PROMOTED PAWN
I've got your back, Senpai!
That's reassuring.
But if I move a lot of my pieces like that, I'll be leaving my own castle wide open.
BANG
BANG
BANG
BANG
You noticed that, huh? You're right.
GROAN
Hey, hey, hey, meow!
Give us the king-meow!
Lance - Pawn - Silver General - Promoted Pawn - Bishop
You'll never...
Lance - Gold General - King - Gold General - Silver General
Because you only have a limited number of pieces.
That being said, if you only defend, you won't be effective at attacking.
DASH
This is where I prove myself!
Silver General, wait! Come back, come back!
SNEAK SNEAK SNEAK
TREMBLE TREMBLE
Get away!
The balance between attacking and defending is an eternal theme.
Well, you'll just have to play a lot so you can remember things.
Not only from books, but these days you can play on the internet too,
so you can enjoy playing at home in a relaxed...
Kiriyama!
POINT
Can you beat the crap out of this guy for me?
At this rate, I'll lose!
What should my next move be?
I want to make this guy pay!
Please think on your own.
What the hell? You're so cold, Kiriyama!
You're a stinge!
Stingy!
How can you do this to your old teacher?
Cheating is wrong.
FLAIL
FLAIL
Do you allow your students to cheat on tests?
NO
NO
No, right? You understand?
I don't want to listen to reason right now!
It's not reason, it's the rules. You're not a child, you know.
Okay, let's keep playing.
Don't be afraid of losing.
If you don't play a lot, you can't get a feel for it.
Are you telling me to get used to losing?
No, don't get used to it.
If you stop getting frustrated at losing, then you'll stop studying.
Question! How strong do I have to become before saying farewell to this frustration?
Even if you get strong, but play with someone who's better, you'll lose.
When that happens, it's so frustrating it feels like your innards are turning upside down.
It never ends?
No. It's forever frustrating and forever painful.
BLUNT
Except when you win.
WHISPER
The stronger you get, the more bitter defeat tastes when you lose.
In fact, the more time you spend on it, the more frustrating it gets.
The more you progress, the more frustrated you'll be.
W-Wait a minute, Kiriyama!
Do you have fun when you play shogi?
FREEZE
QUIVER QUIVER
F-Fun?
What?
*This background has metaphorical images as accompaniment.
FREEZE
Oh no!
It's okay, Kiriyama. H-How would you like some tea?
It's tear grass tea made with the tear grass I acquired from the field behind the school.
Noguchi, you really are serious about self-sufficiency, huh?
I also have coffee made with dandelion roots.
That's not science anymore, but agriculture.
I'm going to the restroom.
STAGGER
WOBBLE WOBBLE
That's tear grass tea for you! Such a pronounced diuretic effect. Hmm.
Don't take too long, Kiriyama!
The Meijin Battle will be on TV from 4:00!
Okay, I'll be quick!
That was five years ago.
If he'd boarded the train without disguising himself, he would've been recognized.
So of course, I was fooled, too.
And thus 14 people...
100 FAMOUS LAKES OF JAPAN
The Aburasaka Pass is between Fukui Prefecture and Gifu Prefecture.
I didn't even know.
Kiriyama is already living his life as a professional?
He's already living in that harsh world of victories and defeats, huh?
Even the best player, Meijin Souya, has a winning rate of 70.
He loses three out of ten matches.
MEIJIN BATTLE TOUJI VS KUMAKURA SECOND MATCH
Oh, I've heard of him.
He won the Seven Crowns, right?
So they're broadcasting his match live today, huh?
Yeah. It's the second match for the Meijin Battle.
In the first match, he lost to the challenger, Kumakura.
The stronger you get, the more bitter defeat tastes, huh?
Then when somebody at this level loses,
I wonder what's going on in his mind?
Oh, it's starting.
This is the first day of the second match for the 69th Shogi Meijin Battle.
Let's begin with the two players entering the room.
Challenger Kengo Kumakura 9th-dan
At 8:53 am, the challenger, Kengo Kumakura 9th-Dan, entered the room.
Touji Souya Meijin
And then, at 8:55 am, Meijin Souya entered the room.
The match began at 9:00 am.
In just a moment, the second match will begin.
Souya looks like he's having fun. I'm jealous.
Well, just be patient.
Souya will be coming for you in the Kishou Tournament.
As the challenger.
Scary. But I'm looking forward to it.
Souya has a cute face, but he'll come to break my bones.
Whew, scary, scary.
Well, that's because the casual moves you make mock your opponent.
Mock? I'm always serious when I play.
Oh, sorry. I meant, you seriously mock your opponent.
If I can win a slugfest, then I'll start throwing punches.
But now it's tough on me physically.
After all, I'm about to hit 60.
I'll probably croak in the ring.
When your opponent goes all out, you don't get hurt.
When you hit him with everything you've got, he returns your blows at the same level.
Souya is happy to have an opponent like that in Kumakura.
And vice versa, Kumakura with Soya.
They're both thinking that their opponent
is a toy that won't break no matter how hard they spin it around.
Geez, these two make such a perfect picture.
It ran across my mind.
Right now, Mr. Shimada...
must be watching these two from somewhere.
From a classroom dyed red by the setting sun,
the person on the screen...
Setting Sun
Ramune
H-He's eating with his hands!
Man, he killed three pieces of cake in mere seconds!
He gobbled them up, just like that.
And his eyes were locked on the board the whole time!
Such splendor.
Still, this is an interesting scene.
Right in the middle of a serious battle, with the combatants in kimonos,
snacks would suddenly appear.
And it's being broadcast across the nation.
Well, the brain is the biggest eater of all the organs in the body.
And glucose is the only nourishment it can get.
In shogi, you need your brain firing on all cylinders.
And so, what is Souya...
He's supplementing the energy in his brain directly!
How many sugar cubes was that?!
And three slices of lemon?!
Citric acid to recover from fatigue and sugar for brain energy.
It's too straightforward! As expected from a Meijin!
WOW WOW SO COOL
It's so efficient.
These two are monsters! In more meanings that one...
That's what you're stuck on?
SHOGI HALL
Wow.
Three pieces of cake, wolfed down.
Kuma has some appetite.
He's already famous for it on these tournament broadcasts.
That appetite of his.
They always show the snack time.
And Kuma can put away the booze too.
This is the man who ate cakes while emptying a bottle of sweet potato shochu.
Does that even go together? I bet it doesn't!
On the other hand, we've got Souya.
Now there's a dull man.
You thought they were sugar cubes, didn't you?
They aren't?
Pure glucose.
What the hell? Then he's just feeding his brain.
How bland can you get?
Although that's just like him.
I guess they sell that now, in soft cubed form.
At drug stores and convenience stores.
You know a lot about it.
Souya asked me to pick some up, when we were in Kyoto.
He said he ate what he had, and asked me to get more.
Kyoto? Oh, the Lion King Tournament.
With Shimada...
He must have used a lot of brain power and stamina to take down Shimada.
Although at 4-0, he made it look easy.
I guess even the title-holder is desperate.
69th Meijin Battle Second Match End
So the brain is the biggest eater, huh?
Oh, Kiriyama. Do you know what ramune is made of?
Huh? Uh, no.
Glucose and starch.
Glucose?
And it's easy to make. Would you like to try making some?
The first day's broadcast is over anyway.
We should have some ingredients left over.
Why do we have that?
We did an experimental food sampler for last year's bazaar.
Between natto, rice, and tear grass tea...
I swear, all you guys do is eat.
It's science. All part of science.
TODAY'S SCIENCE
Science in 20 Minutes
Homemade Ramune
First, you sift finely-crushed glucose.
Then you put potato starch and water in a beaker.
But only that would be bland, so let's add some citric acid.
A sour flavor is refreshing in your mouth.
And citric acid is also effective against fatigue.
LITTLE BIT
Then you mix it and heat it up a bit.
That's all the citric acid you need?
Even a miniscule amount like this is extremely sour.
After that, you mix in the glucose little by little.
GLUCOSE
Knead it, knead it, and squeeze it!
And we're done!
BOOM
- What? - Already?
Slice it into small pieces like this,
let it dry naturally, and it's ready to eat.
It hasn't hardened yet, but go ahead.
It really is ramune.
Wow! So this is how ramune is made!
Your delightful surprise makes the experiment worthwhile, Kiriyama.
WOW
WOW COOL
WOW COOL WOW
Well, shall we make some with baking soda, too?
Baking soda?
Sodium bicarbonate. It's carbonic acid.
We can make it fizzy like cola.
Can I try making some?
Go right ahead.
Very nice, Kiriyama.
It seems you've come to appreciate the wonders of science.
This is science?
Of course. What else would it be?
There you go. Oh, don't put in too much water.
There it is. Now mix, mix...
Um, about this much?
Kiriyama, are you actually clumsy with this stuff?
CITRIC ACID
That might be a little too much.
- H-Huh? - You can do it!
Was that too much water?
Kiriyama, are you a little kid?
Why are both of your hands moving in the same direction?
I bet you can't draw a square with your right hand while drawing a triangle with your left hand.
I-I can do that!
Are you sure?
Don't worry, Kiriyama. All you have to do is add more glucose.
- What? - You can save it yet.
Huh?
What is this?
I'm participating in a club activity.
I'm laughing and talking...
Now let's give it a taste test.
Kiriyama.
The ramune is sweet...
and when I put it in my mouth, it falls apart.
As it melted, I felt a lump in my throat.
Kiriyama, the ones with the baking soda are definitely the best.
As expected, these are more refreshing.
If I wasn't careful, it felt like something was going to leak from my eyes,
so I used every ounce of will to hold it in.
Um, could I take this home?
I wrapped the remaining ramune in a scrap of notebook paper,
and put it in my bag.
I thought Hina and Momo would enjoy it if I shared some with them.
I'll go visit them.
I'll cross that bridge...
It's Rei!
How to make ramune...
Oh, it's Rei!
My club activities...
About Noguchi-senpai...
About Mr. Hayashida...
I wanted to tell them...
Oh, my.
It's fizzy! How is it, Momo?
Rei and his friends made it.
Wow! I want to try making it, too!
Rei, could you teach me how?
Sure, of course.
Fizzy!
Ramune
Next Episode Preview
Episode 24
Why! Unbelievable!
This is good. That's not good. Are you the one who decides that?
Humans are the embodiment of chaos.
I wouldn't want neither of them.
I don't think even Souya knows what to do.
Ugh... Idiot.
Please look forward to the next March comes in like a lion.
Rei, thank you! Ramune is really delicious, huh?
Fizzy!
