Reverse, all stop!
Well?
For now, it doesn't look like there's any danger.
But are we really gonna be okay after this?
Yeah, sure. That tin can wipe out the whalesquid.
D-Don't tell me...
Tin can! Ledo!
So how'd it go?
Confirmed: All Hideauze inhabiting this area of the ocean have been exterminated.
Alright! Great job!
Hey! Get out the Yunboros!
The legendary treasure is ours!
Yeah!
Island of Ambition
Alright! Stop!
The shaft is over there!
Go ahead! Take it slow!
Alright, alright!
Alright! We're okay over there!
Pinion! Come here a second!
Sure!
This looks promising, huh?
Yeah.
Bro...
I wanted to drink this together.
Pinion...
What do you think? And this is just the beginning.
So this is the grand legacy of our ancestors!
Yep. There's even more incredible treasure waitin' deep inside the whalesquid nest.
It's just like my big brother said.
It's not rotted out at all. And there's an unlimited supply at the bottom of the sea.
This is it, the treasure that will bring the former civilization back to the world!
Restoring the world?
We're the ones that found it! So it's our treasure!
W-What are you saying?!
I thought we could use this legacy to enrich the lives of as many people as possible!
What's the point of the whole damn thing unless we enrich our own lives first?!
If we keep it to ourselves, people will show up to try and steal it.
We've got tons of weapons and ammo! There ain't nothin' to be afraid of!
That's not the issue.
We'll sink anybody that gets close to us!
Hey! Send out a radio message!
Spread the word that the whalesquid have been annihilated and that we got the treasure!
We can't! It would only stir up other ships in the area!
It'll be a warning for them to stay away!
We're gonna send it out as far and wide as possible! Get it ready!
This is a message to all ships that can hear this!
We wiped out all the whalesquid that were livin' in the Sea of Mist!
All the pods, all the nests, everything!
This is Pinion! Remember me as Pinion of the Sea of Mist!
Any bastards out there after the whalesquid nest treasure, you're too damn late!
Don't get any funny ideas!
The treasure is all ours!
This is a warning to all ships! Any boats that get close will be sunk without mercy!
Pinion has a valid point.
Even you?! What's going on here?
That being said, I'm sure pirates will target us. We'll need to prepare for that.
Why do we have to assume that we're going to battle?
Mr. Flange!
You have a package.
Come.
Thank you.
Is there anything else?
I heard that Ledo killed all the whalesquid...
Yes. It's true.
Are we going to be okay?
I don't know.
Do you agree with all this, Mr. Flange?
Hey!
Of course not!
With Ledo and Chamber around, we can search deep into the whalesquid nest.
I'm fine with that.
But not even trading what we bring up with other ships,
and spouting threats to attack if they draw near...
You can't stop him?! At this rate, we'll be treated as outcasts!
The shipmasters that I led have begun to follow Pinion.
Certainly, making use of the salvage requires his skills as a repairman.
So there's little that can be done to stop him.
No...
Ensign.
Why aren't you givin' us a hand?!
You can take care of the salvage yourselves!
The shaft is blocked up with salvage. I want the tin can to move the stuff!
Forget it!
What's wrong with you, Ledo?! What're you afraid of?
Afraid? Me?
Go to hell!
I annihilated the Hideauze! I fear nothing!
I fear...
Joe, let's hang it up for the day!
Alright!
Fleet Commander, has the reorganization layout been finalized?
Yes. The shipmasters were very cooperative.
Now all we need to do is reset the interlocks.
Though it's a major undertaking...
Fleet Commander, have you heard Pinion's broadcast?
Yes, of course.
What do you think, frankly speaking?
Until we have any factual evidence for his claims, there's no need to respond.
However...
Has word already spread across the fleet?
There's likely not a single soul who doesn't know about it.
I see...
Of the shipmasters who believe it, there may be some who are envious and wish to leave.
And if there are?
I'll respect their wishes.
Dr. Oldham, is it true that Ledo destroyed a nest of whalesquid?
Yes. That's what Pinion said on a radio broadcast.
That's terrible...
It's stupid.
What a stupid thing to do...
I swore I'd get revenge for my big brother...
You said it was just a dream, remember?
Amy...
I hope Melty's okay.
It's alright, right? After all, it's only Pinion talking...
Come on, Amy...
How would I know about that?!
I don't know...
Ledo... Why...?
Do they look like they're gonna surrender?
No. But they're probably out of ammo.
Keep attacking.
Seriously?!
We've got plenty of ammunition left.
Besides, they started it.
You're telling us to sink them?!
Unless they put both hands up first...
Oh, that's right! Repairs on the treasure should be done by now.
Let's try it on'em!
Alright, alright!
Alright, alright!
Okay. Good enough.
Everything's set!
Alright! Fire!
Fire, he says...
This one? Or this one?
What are you doin'?! You got lousy aim!
They're radioing that they surrender!
Shoulda done that before, dumbasses.
Yeesh. You wasted time and ammo.
You got some guts pickin' a fight with us.
Hey, help us!
We'll give you all our cargo, just let us join up with you!
If we accepted every plea like that,
this place would get huge...
Wait a second. If the fleet expands like this, we'll be invincible.
And there's no end to the stuff we can raise from the sea bottom.
Alright! Anybody that wants to can bring your things and come over!
G-Got it!
Old man, we've come to an agreement.
Hey, lock this guy up somewhere!
Ledo...
I want the tin can to check out the stuff we salvaged.
What do you say?
The ensign's permission is required for anything outside of military duty.
Yeah, fine. It's okay, right?
Do what you want.
Then we're good to go! Follow me!
I can't do it without you!
You too, tin can top dog! Let's go!
Come on, drink!
Good work, everybody!
When a ship picked a fight with us, we made it fly the white flag in no time!
The wind of fortune's been blowin' on us ever since we made this our base of operations!
But it's all thanks to Ledo and Chamber!
Everyone, kiss this tin can's ass in gratitude!
What am I doing?
What am I doing it for?
Who am I doing it for?
When did it start?
When I first became conscious in this strange land?
Or the first time I got inside Chamber... this Machine Caliber?
Or since I was born?
Well?
It is a rudimentary electromagnetic weapon.
Electromagnetic? What the hell is that?
Its basic structure is no different than the beam armament that I am equipped with.
Seriously?!
However, I estimate its power output to be 1/50th of mine.
Even 1/50th of your power is a big deal!
Its power output is approximately 76 times greater than that of this whole fleet.
Alright, alright! Is this thing still usable?
It is possible to restore its functions through repairs.
However, a great amount of electricity is required to operate it.
Electricity, huh?
Would it work if we harnessed the lightbugs?
That hypothesis requires investigation.
Then do it! I'll go tell Ledo!
I have discovered evidence to back up the Hideauze video recording.
It is the lightbugs.
Lightbugs are nanomachines and actually comprise the Hideauze shell.
They absorb electromagnetic waves and transform them into energy with high efficiency.
At the same time, they are self-replicating and through carbon bonding,
function as a durable exoskeleton.
This is proof that the Hideauze are the results of directed evolution by the human race.
You...
How can you be like this?!
Even though it thoroughly refutes the meaning of the Galactic Alliance's... of my battle!
You recognize an error in your knowledge.
Can I fight the Hideauze if they're the evolved human race?!
Is there a point to fighting them?!
If not, then I can't fight!
I can't murder those creatures...
Unacceptable.
Your cognition refutes the significance of our existence.
You saw them too, didn't you?! The forms of newborn whalesquid...
We're the same human race and we're killing each other!
That's the true nature of our war!
Even after obtaining this information,
there is no reason to give up on annihilating the Hideauze.
That's only you!
But for me...
Negative. The Hideauze bring fundamental destruction to the human race.
Helping to avoid that is your sole mission.
But we're all humans!
I've had enough of the Alliance's brainwashing!
Negative. The parallel link between the Alliance and myself has been lost.
I have arrived at this conclusion independently, based on information analysis.
What?
The human race and the Hideauze will always be antagonistic toward one another.
The reason for this is they are beings who have rejected civilization as a whole.
What do you mean?
If the human race were equipped with strong, versatile bodies like the Hideauze,
it would not have been necessary to develop Machine Calibers.
My system is the crystallization of the intelligence of the human race.
But we are also necessary to offset the fragile human body.
Conjecture: Humans are beings that surpass their own limits,
develop their intellect, and build civilizations.
The existence of civilization is what separates the human race from all other primates.
But the Hideauze have thrown away their human forms and have no physical limits.
If living beings only seek out happiness and gratification,
it isn't necessary for them to have a higher intellect.
But the human race relies solely on Machine Calibers.
That is to say, we are the crystallization of pure intellect, a product of civilization.
And by overcoming even that intellect, the Hideauze
have reached an extreme state of existence.
You're saying the Hideauze are an extreme life form.
And so, you and I
must battle, with the dignity of the human race at stake.
In a war with something that shares the same building blocks as you,
failure means certain extinction.
One side seeks out civilization. The other abandons it.
The war between the Galactic Alliance of Humankind and the Hideauze
is a conflict between two different survival strategies,
one in which being culled is all that waits for the losing side.
Culled...
As long as you wish to exist, you don't have the luxury of a choice.
Fight and impose our ways?
A machine like you is telling a human like me...?
I am a Pilot Support Enlightenment Interface System.
By achieving more and more results, you will realize the importance of existence.
Receiving polarized photon sequence.
It is a Galactic Alliance standard encrypted communication wave.
What?!
Identified as an allied mech.
Allied mech?!
Commander Kugel...
