Dang... I finally climbed up the ladder enough to get a TV appearance.
These greenrooms sure do make you restless, though.
Reigen-san, you're up.
All right. Let's do this.
Tea
Supernatural Detective! Do Spiritual Powers Actually Exist!? Special
Mob Psycho
__ __
A boy was possessed by a fox after playing Kokkuri-san after school!?
Oh, this must be it. Jodo-sama's return to TV.
R-Reigen?!
What the heck is he doing?
And now... Will we be able to save the poor,
Host
Ebihara Morizo
unfortunate young man that's been possessed?
Let's introduce our two powerful helpers!
The first one needs no introduction.
The president of the Rising Sun Spiritual Union, Jodo Kirin-sensei!
Jodo Kirin
He's solved devastating problems for many. He's the best of the best!
The other is making his first appearance on TV.
Reigen Arataka-sensei!
Why, hello there. I'm Reigen Arataka.
You can find my business in Seasoning City.
Do Spiritual Powers Actually Exist!?
Special!
What are some of your accomplishments up till now, Reigen-sensei?
It's hard to choose just one...
Oh, but I did defeat the Dragger.
Mogi Tatsuya
Huh? That's awesome.
Looks like we can expect great things.
And now, let's bring out the boy.
Spooky
To be extra careful, since he may freak out,
we have him securely bound.
Go to Reigen-sensei!
Go to Reigen-sensei!
What do you think?
I see...
The footage we just watched
mentioned that he was possessed by a fox after playing the Kokkuri-san game.
But to be more precise,
it's a ghost of a Ruppell's fox, which are usually found in North Africa.
What's this? He was able to precisely deduce the kind of ghost it is!
What do you think, Jodo-sensei?
The poor child... being strapped down like that.
I'm hoping we don't have to keep those things on him much longer.
I see. So we all feel the same.
And now, we're finally going to witness the public exorcism!
But before that, a word from our sponsors.
When we're back on air, we're going to have Jodo-sensei do the exorcism.
Actually, why don't we have Reigen-kun give it a shot?
Wha
No one wants to see an old man.
Let's show the country how a next-generation psychic does things.
Wasn't I just supposed to sit there and comment today?
I'm trying to give you the spotlight here.
But if you're not up to the task, very well.
I'll do it, just as it says in the script.
The script?
I see!
One moment! I'll do it after all.
Okay... sure.
Reigen-sensei's going to perform the exorcism this time.
We're coming back from commercial!
Supernatural Detective Special!!
And it looks like we're just about ready for this public exorcism.
The one performing this exorcism
is an exciting newcomer who has had a meteoric rise!
Reigen Arataka-sensei! Are you ready?
Karaoke
Leave it to me! I, Reigen Arataka, shall accept this job!
I shall successfully get rid of this spirit!
Live or not, this is still a TV show.
It's all a setup written by some scriptwriter.
If I do some random exorcism,
that'll quietly be the cue for the boy to calm down
and the studio audience to clap.
Then the host will praise me, and the show will be over.
Splashity Splash
Salt Splash!
And he just started throwing a ton of salt outta nowhere!
The spirit possessing the boy seems to be struggling in agony.
It's working! It's really working!
But it has never worked before!
This kid is acting!
Now that I know that, I'm not pulling any punches!
Sorcery Crush Special!
Air Banishing Salt...
Punch!
A clean hit!
Well, it's been about 30 minutes since the exorcism started,
but apparently, the spirit just refuses to leave.
Talk about resilient.
Evil Spirit Detox Acupressure!
Holy Water Chop!
For real!
I've already used up all my special moves
Sorcery Crush
Aroma Runway Express
Salt Splash
Graphic Exorcism
Hypnosis Punch
and now I'm trying to keep things going with ad-libs!
Banishing Salt Punch
Cheeseburger Tornado
Anti-Possession Jumping Knee Strike
All right, let's have our other psychic step in.
Huh?
Jodo Kirin-sensei, if you would.
W-Wait... Was I just an opening act?
Is he going to take all the glory?!
Hang on a sec. I've almost got it.
Switching right now would be
Look, we're live.
Reigen-kun, good work the last 30 minutes.
You wily, scheming old man!
All right, Jodo-sensei! Let's see you work!
My spotlight!
What am I supposed to exorcise here? This boy isn't even possessed.
He's just acting.
Huh?
Oh, come on, you geezer! Get a clue!
Why'd you ruin all that setup the program built up for you?!
You are absolutely correct!
I'm impressed you were able to see the truth
when everyone in the studio has been tricked this whole time!
A true psychic has just been revealed!
My name is Fukuda Suzuo, and I'm a child actor from the Mongolian Spot Agency!
That was some brilliant acting!
Thank you very much!
I could barely tell he was acting!
Sci-fi researcher, Mogi-san, what did you think?
I'd like to ask that gentleman over there
what all that exorcism crap was about.
What were you doing to a spirit that didn't even exist?
Reigen-sensei, I'm sure our viewers are wondering that as well.
Could it be... that you actually don't have spiritual powers?
Come, now. Let's just say this is how he works.
Excellent work, Jodo-sensei!
It should've been completely obvious if the boy was possessed or not...
If you're a true psychic, that is.
Oh, I beg your pardon.
It's not like I'm referring to Reigen-san.
I'm sure he was trying to liven things up for the sake of the program.
But I can guarantee that we didn't ask him to do that.
What? Really? Poor Fukuda-kun.
It was basically torture.
Then what in the world were you doing for 30 minutes?
Some new kind of dance?
I mean... It appeared as though that boy was possessed by some spirit...
So I exorcised it.
Even if he was merely acting like he was possessed,
spirits could come by at any moment.
What? A spirit was here? I didn't even notice.
When did it appear?
About 30 minutes ago...
Right on the dot! I never knew evil spirits were so punctual!
What kind of spirit was it? Huh? What kind of spirit was it?
It was a man...
I think he was German...
Stop it, me! If you say another word...
It was Beethoven.
Du-du-du-dunnn!
Did you watch yesterday's ep of Supernatural Detective?
I did! I laughed so hard!
Views
Comments
That one thing
Reigen Arataka
A psychic who's an expert on fraud
Salt
On-air incident
Psychic fraud
That was basically a public execution.
Reigen Arataka is crazy
Anonymous Table Salt
Anonymous Table Salt hhhhhhhhhhhhhhIf that were me, I'd end myself
Anonymous Table Salt hhhhhhSalt Splash
Anonymous Table Salt
That Reigen guy is hilarious!
Herf
What is this?
Crazy Salt Splash
Hilarious
Con Man
Exorcism dance
He's finished
Desperate
S--A--L--T S--P--L--A--S--H
Who is this?
Oh shit
Looks like Reigen's dug himself into a hole...
Naritasan
There's no way that guy's a fraud.
I wonder if Reigen-san has a plan to get out of this.
They're apparently making a group for his victims.
Wanna go?
But we're not victims, though.
So he was a con artist after all.
It's probably his fault we aren't getting any job offers.
I knew there was something off about him.
I'm gonna feed the media even more bullcrap about him!
The Next Day
Hey, I might just be remembering wrong,
but isn't the place you work called Spirits and Such Consultation Office?
It is.
Th-Then is your master's name... Reigen Arataka?
Huh? Yeah, it is.
Y-You haven't heard?
Your master's getting bashed like crazy on TV and the Internet!
We're getting a lot more actual jobs now.
Spirits and Such Consul tation Office
The star psychic of the 21st century who defeated Ohiki-san
If I become famous, I might be able to break through to other media platforms.
That's all part of his plan.
We're closed today
Unknown
Did he really think people wouldn't find out?
And he calls himself a spirit medium?
I've actually been a victim of spiritual fraud myself.
The Self-Proclaimed Psychic. Isn't He a Fraud?
They wanted to undress for an exorcism.
God damn it! I was set up!
Those conniving bastards!
They used me as a scapegoat to boost their ratings for like 30 seconds?!
That conniving old man!
For now, I need to contain this and ensure I don't become an even bigger meme.
Anonymous Table Salt hhhhDat name tho
Anonymous Table Salt hhhh Reigen's the real deal. hhhhHe's actually performed an exorcism on me, and my hhhhshoulders and back feel so much lighter now. hhhhI felt better immediately.
Anonymous Table Salt hhhh I bet that's Reigen, isn't it?
Gah! They figured me out!
Return to archive All posts
Wha? Of course I'm not. I'm trying to be objective here...
Sent
Return to archive All posts
Criminal Anonymous Table Salt
Okay, Ruppell's fox
Get lost, you fraud Anonymous Table Salt
Do you even realize you're a criminal?
Reigen's watching
I found Reigen's high school graduation photo
Is that how it's gonna be, you little bastards?
Like I'd let a bunch of little shits who don't know a thing about hard work beat me!
But the title and reputation of scam artist psychic
spread like wildfire across media platforms like a game of telephone.
And in three days, being the ultimate evil had basically become Reigen's public image.
You can't be serious!
This isn't true at all!
How dare they spread these lies about me?
Self-Proclaimed New Star of the Psychic World Reigen: The Scam Artist Psychic His Unbelievably Bold Tricks!!!
Happy Trails
So basically,
I need you guys all to be my witnesses to stop these guys from calling me a fraud.
All you have to do is talk to the media.
Huh?
Hey, why aren't you being as annoying as usual?
Leave, now.
You can't fool us anymore.
Huh?
Hey, you can't be serious!
You probably thought we were prime prey!
We're not falling for that!
And here I thought he was a little cute, too!
Well, I guess the only thing I can do now is wait until this all blows over.
What the heck? Are they actually staking out my place?
There he is! That's Reigen Arataka!
Shit!
Don't run away!
Wait!
What was that so-called exorcism you performed on that show?
Don't you think you need to explain yourself?
You could at least give us some answers!
Are you off today?
The people aren't going to be satisfied with this!
Everyone has their eye on you!
Yeah!
You can't run from this!
A press conference!
How about holding a press conference?
Huh?
A press conference?
Reigen Arataka, the man who's garnered attention
for allegedly conning people with psychic scams,
announced that he will be holding a press conference tomorrow.
We believe the subjects that will be discussed will include
Alleged Psychic Scammer
Plans to Hold a Press Conference
Reigen Arataka
if his previous activities were indeed illegal,
and if he actually even possesses spiritual powers.
That's...
To Arataka From Mom
I'll show you a top secret way to...
You seem to be in a lot of trouble. I prepared an apology for you to say at the press conference, so if you get in trouble, just read that. Learn your lesson from this, quit this scamming business, and get a real job. I know your dad doesn't say it much, but he's worried about you. You should come home. You haven't been home lately at all. This is the perfect opportunity for us to all have a family meeting. I'm on your side.
Apology
Thank you all for gathering here today. I'm sorry that you all had to take the time to show up today over my own personal actions. First of all, I'd like to apologize to all the people I've troubled, as well as to all of their friends and family members I may have burdened. I'd like to take this opportunity to formally apologize to everyone. I'm so terribly sorry for everything I've done. (Now, bow. Hold for 2 minutes.)
(1 day ago)
Man... It'll be morning soon.
Mob Psycho
Mob Psycho
He's here!
Reigen has appeared!
Damn, that's bright.
Shit.
I thought I'd have a chance if we were just going to argue,
but now my head's completely blank.
Calm down.
First, you need to get the reporters to have a good impression of you.
F-First, I'd like to thank you all for gathering...
Why did you all gather here today, anyway?
It's pretty common to suddenly get tired of all this shit at the last minute.
What's with that attitude?!
What?!
Are you mocking us?!
You're the one who said you'd hold a press conference!
That's because you guys kept stalking me to my house.
You basically made me hold this thing.
I have a few questions regarding the fraudulent acts you've committed.
Hang on a sec.
By fraudulent acts, are you referring to my business?
Is there anyone here that can actually prove I don't have any spiritual powers?
Or maybe any victims who can prove they've been scammed?
There are a lot of people who've reported that they've been scammed
Right. Self-proclaimed victims.
Why are you saying it like that?!
Because it hasn't been proven.
Unless and until they are, I can still call myself a psychic.
I'm not a criminal.
I'd be careful with how you phrase things if I were you.
All right, I have a question.
Go ahead.
Do you actually have spiritual powers?
No comment.
Recording
Why won't you answer?
Because you won't be satisfied unless I say no.
I can't prove that I have spiritual powers since you all lack them yourselves.
Are you really going to try to talk your way out of this?
Judging from the broadcast the other day,
you do seem like you're excellent at ad-libbing.
Tch.
Oh? Did you just click your tongue?
No, I was just testing the mics.
Potato Chips
Cola
Uh-oh, now he's copping an attitude.
This guy's finished.
TekeTekeFanClub@gakkokaidan 7 minutes ago
Mic test PressConference
Press Conference
Popular All tweets Users Pictures Videos News
When did you start this psychic business of yours?
Level of sorry: 0 What's the criminal getting all pissy for? PressConference
Mic test PressConference
IDrinkPufferfish@usotsuki_usouso 20 seconds ago
About four years ago.
What were you doing prior to that?
I worked at some company.
Did that company have anything to do with psychics?
No, not at all.
He's actually answering the questions.
What kind of problems did people come to you with?
Stiff shoulders, spirit photos, and stuff.
Did they see any results?
Those cases have been solved.
Any particular case that stands out?
Getting rid of some urban legends.
Have you ever had any conflicts with your clients?
I have not.
Have you ever sold any expensive salt or prayer beads?
I have not.
Apparently, information about when you were a student is spreading over the Internet.
That doesn't matter.
According to your graduation essay, you wrote this...
I want to be somebody.
What made you get into the psychic business?
Why?
Reigen-san looks pretty pale...
D-Don't keep making the media outlets your enemy.
How wonderful. He's at a loss for words.
Something's wrong. He doesn't have his usual zing.
Great Master Reigen...
What's wrong?
Why did I decide to live as a psychic?
It's not like it's lucrative, and it's usually troublesome.
Thinking back,
Clincity
Super delicious! The next generation
water dispenser
The ultimate natural spring water to keep you healthy
there was a time when I always did everything efficiently
and was filled with curiosity about everything.
But then I got bored, quit my job, and rented that office on a whim.
I ended up getting into this facade of a job because of an ad I saw in a magazine.
Power Stone
You can become a millionaire, too!!
That's right... I actually meant to quit a long time ago.
3 Years Ago
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Thank you very much!
My body felt so heavy, but now I'm fine!
Man, I'm bored.
As it stands, I'm no different from a masseur.
Guess it's about time to wrap things up.
I wonder what I should do next.
Being a PI sounds pretty fun,
but maybe not, since apparently they mostly do investigations on cheating spouses.
Excuse me.
I came here because I saw your sign.
Sure thing.
How may I help you?
Er... Oh, it's just a kid.
What do you want, boy?
Um, I'm an esper.
Wha?
There are times when I can't control my powers very well,
and it's scary.
You shitty little brat. This must be a prank.
Did someone tell you to come here and tell me that?
No. I haven't been able to talk to anyone about this.
I thought you might be the same as me...
If I tried, I could see spirits, too.
A pathological liar? No, maybe it's an overactive imagination.
Either way, he seems rather troubled by this.
Well, come on in.
Okay.
I was troubled a lot when I was a kid, too.
What's with this kid?
He's staring at me with eyes brimming with hope.
This is serious.
This kid's in his own fantasy world.
I'll just come up with something to get him to go home.
Listen. Just because you have psychic powers
doesn't make you any less human.
It's the same as people who are fast, people who are book smart,
and people with strong body odor.
Psychic powers are just another characteristic.
You must embrace that as a part of yourself and continue to live positively.
The truth behind one's charm is kindness.
Become a good person. That is all.
May I come to talk to you again?
Yeah, I don't know about that. I'm pretty busy, you know?
Anyway, you should go home for tod Hot!
Hey, don't get bur
Hey... You said you could see ghosts, too, right?
Do you know how to exorcise them, too?
All right. Come again tomorrow around the same time.
What? Really?
I'll show you how to use your powers.
Back then, I couldn't help but admire this kid that walked into my life.
I wanted to grasp something for myself, too.
I wanted to become someone special.
Yet this is the result.
I haven't changed at all since then.
I just kept using him.
In the end, I couldn't become anything.
Maybe I was the one who was holding him back from his youth the most.
Man, I said something really awful back then.
He wanted to change, and yet I tried to cage him in.
Hey, Mob... Are you watching?
Karaoke
Reigen Arataka 58,699 tweets
You've grown up so much. You know that?
That doesn't answer anything!
What kind of answer is that?!
What was that silence?
Who was that message to?
We don't understand!
Answer us!
It's an earthquake!
We are experiencing an extremely powerful earthquake!
Psychics exist. Says the psychic Press
FlyingNightingale @uguisu5987 57 seconds ago
So cool PressConference
Tsuchi @tsutiku0 35 seconds ago
Anacatesthesia FTW PressConference
ThrowAway303 @nagee566 41 seconds ago
I feel the power PressConference
Che @0015putfesee 23 seconds ago
CG technology is getting incredible lately Press
Where's this press conference being held?
O-Our cameras!
Spirit
I-Is Reigen doing this?!
Telekinesis?!
Such incredible power!
Naritasan
That doesn't seem like Reigen-san.
This is getting serious...
Nii-san! Nii-san!
How can you remain so calm?!
Are you the one doing this?!
P-Please do something!
Is this due to your spiritual powers?
Gee, I wonder what's going on.
Please, stop this!
What the hell's going on?!
Are you done asking me if I'm a fraud or not?
In that case, I'll be ending this press conference.
H-Hey!
What's going to happen to us?!
Beats me.
You should probably concentrate on finding your next big story.
One of the lights fell!
One moment please
Cola
What the hell was that? Such bullshit.
Cornered True Identity
Why... are you here?
Just because.
Let's get the hell out of here. They're gonna be running around for a while.
Hey... Do you know?
Know what?
What I really am...
Haven't you seen any of the stuff on the web or magazines?
I've always known... from the beginning.
What my master really is...
is a genuinely good guy.
Man, I'm starving.
Let's have some ramen and head home.
Okay.
Oh, by the way, Master, happy birthday.
Mob's finally telling Tsubomi-chan how he really feels about her?
And he's going to try to place within the top 10 in a marathon?
Welp, looks like he's going to need my help.
Even Then Continue Forward.
First-press limited edition? That is the absolute best decision.
Even Then Continue Forward
