Midday Moon
What the hell is that?!
GRRR
Enough! I'm going!
So where is that middle school? What's the name of that homeroom teacher?!
I can understand why that big sister is worried!
From what I've heard, that homeroom teacher is rotten to the core!
FACULTY ROOM
Mr. Hayashida! Calm down!
Don't raise your voice to me.
I should really go!
Just let me go, Kiriyama!
Mr. Hayashida, relax!
As a fellow teacher, there's something I want to say to that homeroom teacher!
I know what you mean because I...
I want to go too!
But...
I can't be of any help.
In my own case, I would pretend to be fine
and just isolate myself.
I didn't bother to struggle, but just endure it and go with the flow,
escaping into shogi...
So I don't have any useful wisdom for a time like this!
I thought if I could...
they could put it to good use for something, so I tried my best.
But they aren't the kind of people who would accept money from a total stranger like me.
So please tell me, Mr. Hayashida!
I'll treat you to oden or yakiniku or anything!
Please lend me your wisdom!
You moron!
Kiriyama!
HEEHEE
Please do me a favor.
I'll buy you a drink later.
Quit talking like a damn salaryman!
SLAP
*Looks like he can't speak
Certainly you've been working hard
and maybe make more money than me, which sometimes pisses me off,
but this is a school,
and you're just a second-year high school student.
I'm a teacher!
Don't underestimate a teacher!
First, I think Hina should change the person she's talking to.
Like the head teacher or the teacher of another subject...
Her homeroom teacher isn't the only option at school.
If that doesn't work, it's okay for her to talk to another teacher.
And about speaking to the bully's parents...
Yeah, I don't think it would go that far.
Not in this situation.
But if it does come to that,
it's true that the big sister alone would feel helpless.
Their mother passed away, right?
What about the father? What's he doing?
Well...
It's not a very pleasant story, so I'll just give you the basics.
He told us he got a new girlfriend...
Now he's living in a new home and has another child.
Oh, that's right.
We have bean jam pancakes. Want some?
Sure.
Thank you.
It's as if...
she laid it out so it can mean nothing to her.
But I realized Akari's heart was floating around,
unable to find a place to rest.
It wasn't that it was nothing to her.
She still only talks about it as if it meant nothing to her.
Still.
I see.
All the more reason that I have to go!
How do you get that from this?
In fact, how would you even announce yourself when you arrive?
RUMBLE RUMBLE
As Hina's friend's former homeroom teacher, of course!
That equals perfect stranger!
Mr. Hayashida, you've already become a monster teacher!
GRRR
If the bully will bring out her MPs...
*MP = Short for Monster Parents
SPURT
*MT = Short for Monster Teacher
Am I wrong? I'm not wrong, damn it!
One would be as bad as the other... Or are you even worse?
*In terms of being a total stranger!!
Help!
Oh yeah, also...
About the money issue, I'm glad you realized the futility yourself.
I'm relieved by that, sheesh.
When I thought about you going there
with your bank book and having a budget committee for another family...
I thought they might slam the door in your face, Kiriyama.
SHAKE SHAKE
Was planning to do just that
On the way home, Mr. Hayashida bought me a steamed meat bun,
explaining it as his pride as a teacher.
And then he accused me of being out of step and stubborn.
And then he patted me on the back.
Wanting to be needed. Therefore, wanting to be strong.
He said, What's so wrong with that?
The calm mind is the way
He said, First, all you can do...
Let's have a good game.
He told me to take a deep breath,
then start walking, a step at a time.
I lost.
Thank you.
Hey, Kiriyama.
Oh, Mr. Yokomizo.
Kishou Battle Rei Kiriyama Ichirou Morita
Kiryu Battle Keita Kurasawa Santa Mine
Three white stars. You're in fine form.
Thank you.
So your opponent in the Newcomer Tournament finals is Junkei Yamazaki, huh?
Good luck. Do it for Nikaidou too.
I will.
Hachiya/ Kiriyama
Yamazaki/ Nikaidou
Newcomer Tournament
Kiriyama
Yamazaki
Newcomer Tournament
Don't lose along the way!
Because you and I are going to create a legend!
Idiot...
After drilling that into my head, again and again...
Nikaidou...
So what's going on with Nikaidou?
He can't return from Osaka for a while?
Yes. He's been admitted to the Osaka First Central Hospital.
He'll be there a while for observation.
Apparently it's difficult to move him closer.
Mr. Shimada.
What...
Kiriyama.
Midday Moon
Adventurers
What are you talking about?
Nikaidou... is in the hospital?
Did something happen?
The expression on the adults' faces read Oh, shoot
and I figured it out right away.
That I was the only one who didn't know.
It's nothing major.
He wasn't well to begin with,
so the strain of the Newcomer Tournament semi-finals made his condition worse.
That's right. Come on, Shimada, let's get that drink.
Please, wait!
If this was his usual health downswing,
that limousine with a bed or whatever could take him back here, right?
He still has rank-deciding matches!
But if he's in the hospital for a while...
Is it that bad?
Kiriyama...
If you ask me and I can't answer, there must be a reason, right?
You should understand that much.
The truth is I'd been faintly aware of it.
Mr. Hanaoka, who was always at his side,
the beautifully decorated, faintly colored lunches,
all of the medications he always had in his bag...
The truth is I could never bring myself to ask about it.
Ever since we were kids, I knew Nikaidou didn't like to be asked about it.
Is that so?
In that case...
Shimada, I'm going home.
Take care of things.
Kiriyama.
SHOGI HALL
Why don't we grab dinner?
After that, Mr. Shimada talked to me about Nikaidou.
He talked about his disciple and his little brother.
You're taking on another disciple?
Yeah.
Sensei, you've always said that I would be your last disciple.
And you got sick last year, so why now?
Well, the thing is, I found an interesting child.
To become a shogi professional, you have to first join the association.
And to do that, you have to be under someone's wing.
TINY
And so, a fourth-grader came over.
SHINE
Nice to meet you!
I'm Harunobu Nikaidou!
This is Shimada 6th-Dan. He's your big brother.
You two get along now.
He's so round.
Huh? Where have I...
I remembered him from somewhere.
CHILDREN'S SHOGI TOURNAMENT
I'd seen him when I was a guest lecturer at a children's tournament.
What's with the round kid?
Making an old man carry his lunch...
I heard he pulled up in a fancy car.
What a stuck-up.
This is probably a rich kid's pastime. He won't be around for long.
- Now chew well. Thirty times each bite. - Okay.
A special lunch, huh?
Spoiled rich kid.
Why go to all the trouble of entering this world?
I'm sure his parents would buy him whatever manga or video games he wanted.
I was envious of him, since I lived in poverty when I was a kid.
Well, I'm sure he won't stick with it.
Video games and computers are more fun.
CHILDREN'S SHOGI TOURNAMENT
Thank you for your patience. It's now time for the final match.
From Suginami Ward, Tokyo, Rei Kiriyama!
So the spoiled rich kid lost in the semi-finals.
He did better than I expected.
I was shocked when I saw the game records.
Wh-What is this? All-out war, with both of them having sitting kings?
And 185 moves...
Is this really elementary school shogi?
Is he okay? I'll call an ambulance.
He'll be fine. There's no need for an ambulance.
The car is waiting downstairs.
From the old man's calm demeanor,
I caught a glimpse of the boy's long fight against illness.
Shogi is honest.
The only way to get good at it is by studying.
That's right. What I had in my hand were the game records
of someone who threw a happy childhood to the winds.
No, that's not right.
He never even had the kind of childhood that could be flung away.
It's huge.
There is No Correct Answer for Shogi...
Sh-Shimada 6th-Dan!
That's okay. Lie down.
I've come in our mentor's place for today.
He's got nerve pain right now, so he can't move.
Excited to see an actual professional shogi player
Here, these are from him.
He said they're old, but hope that's okay.
Treasure Island
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea
They're illustrated first editions!
When I asked him if he wanted to play...
Really?!
And so I would play him from time to time.
He would always give it everything he had
and beating him always required much effort.
But one day, I hurt him.
His health had taken a turn for the worse
and he'd been on a losing streak, so the idea was to encourage him.
Please don't hold back like that!
Kiddo.
If I'm treated as a weakling even when I play shogi,
where am I supposed to live?!
His disease is incurable, so it would be with him for the rest of his life.
Kiddo, I'm sorry.
I'll never do it again, I promise.
He had strict dietary restrictions.
His days went by enduring, holding his breath, and hoping his condition wouldn't deteriorate.
He could hardly do anything. Fighting, sports, playing with friends were all out of the question.
The only place where he could run about as a hero
were on the 81 squares of this game board.
Kiriyama. These are the game records of today's semi-finals.
HARUNOBU NIKAIDOU
Brother, please don't tell Kiriyama about my disease.
To get stronger, a rival is essential.
He doesn't realize it himself, but he's a kind person.
And he's unstable.
If he knew about this, he'd lose his touch.
Then I wouldn't be able...
The game record was two pages.
The first match, where he used all the time available.
He was in the inferior position, but he stuck it out,
and right as he turned it around with an upper hand,
his opponent had a threefold repetition.
Near the end of the ensuing rematches...
After 138 moves that wrung out his soul, with only one minute allowed per move...
Kiriyama. Even so, can you be merciless to Nikaidou?
I'm going to the finals.
All right.
The Newcomer Tournament finals were held a week later
at the Kansai Shogi Hall.
Crap. It's really coming down.
Well, we're near the train station.
Make a run for it?
Okay.
As we were running in the rain that looked like thin, silver threads,
I thought back on Nikaidou's game records.
Though he was hesitant and faltered and flinched,
he had faith in himself,
so he aimed for the promised land
and raced ahead like a fireball.
Those two pages...
Adventurers
Next Episode Preview
Episode 31
Nikaidou kept playing until he collapsed.
And the girl in front of me...
I have a feeling I have to go.
I swear I'll win before coming back home.
Thank you, Kiriyama.
Huh? Where am I?
ILLUSTRATION: HAJIME UEDA
Kiriyama, next time let's have dinner together with Kiddo.
