Daikon!! She should really quit dramas. She should just be a model. Getting too old for teen mags? She's not tall enough to model either () That drama was just bad, though.
What's your honest opinion of Ayase Chitose?
She should really quit dramas. She should just be a model. Getting too old for teen mags? She's not tall enough to model either () That drama was just bad, though. I couldn't cry over her acting. Was she really taking in the scene? Even if she was, her acting sucks. She hasn't even been in quiz shows lately. Is she getting less work? Are they realizing they can't use her? What'll she do now? She should study hard and get a job.
Even if she was, her acting sucks. She hasn't even been in quiz shows lately. Is she getting less work? Are they realizing they can't use her? What'll she do now? She should study hard and get a job. Maybe she's even too dumb to study () Guess just looking good isn't enough. She should have tried to be good at other things, not just looks. If she keeps this up, she'll just be half-assed at everything. What'll she do? What'll she do?
Mom, what's wrong with Chihaya?
Oh, they didn't win the karuta regional yesterday.
Karuta again?
But they still qualified for Nationals by placing second.
Then what does it matter?
How can she get so upset over karuta?
The Queen wins the best of three...
Wh-What is it?
You've been watching that DVD with the chubby girl every day.
If you don't want to watch it, take it out of the player.
Besides, if you can't produce results after working hard every day,
you probably don't have any talent.
Chitose.
Mom, I'm going to cut back on work this summer
and focus on studying for entrance exams.
I should probably go to college.
Huh?
Since it seems I don't have the talent to be an actress.
I watched her every day...
I wanted to learn how to be as precise as Shinobu-chan.
Precision... Precision...
I wanted to see if it would work against a good player.
That was a team match, not an individual match.
My loss meant our loss.
Chihaya Furu
So, the Contemporary Literature final will cover
Verse 7
They all exchange hellos and goodbyes at the famous gates of Afusaka
up through Natsume Soseki on page 102.
Classical Literature covers everything through page 89.
If anyone scores under 70,
they'll be required to write 20 short poems over summer break.
What?
A 70?!
Poems?
70... That's impossible...
Speaking of poems...
Karuta club captain.
Gulp!
I heard that only two of your
twenty new members are still around.
Yipe!
Were you aware that the concert band would
be given your clubroom if you didn't recruit five new members?
Fight back!
Tell him that we recruited twenty, if only for a moment!
I-I'm sorry...
But Nationals are coming up!
Please let us stay in the clubroom until then!
We only held on to two new members,
but they're worth five!
I beg you! I beg you!
Speaking of Natsume Soseki, he had some famous words of wisdom.
Charm is reserved for
dealings with people with more power than you.
Teach, you always quote other people.
Use the remaining class time to study.
That was a close call.
You're too honest, Ayase.
I know.
But it's not like the concert band doesn't have their own room, right?
Yeah, but...
Look.
They added a bunch of new members this year,
and they have to place instruments in the hallway
because there's no room inside.
Can you grab the two euphoniums?
Yes.
I wish our advisor had as much influence as the Empress.
Hey, don't just stand around!
Prelims are next week.
This is the year we make it to Nationals!
You want to let the concert band use the second floor?
Why would you do that?
You practice with the windows closed and no air conditioning
in the middle of summer because you don't want any noise.
You won't be able to practice if the concert band is on the second floor.
That's true,
but we could let them use the space for storage at least.
Still, you shouldn't do this just because
the karuta club didn't recruit five new members.
Concert band advisor
There isn't anyone putting pressure on you.
Because we can't
But...
The concert band is having a hard time,
and it'd be selfish to only think about the karuta club's interests.
Ayase-san is being considerate!
This is my most glorious day as a teacher!
Actually, I thought of something during our match...
We're playing karuta to win, right?
I'm not sure how to explain this,
but we'll definitely run into situations,
like the finals, where luck is important.
This is...
That's why...
The extent of our captain's greed...
If we're nice to other clubs,
we might get something in return.
Karuta
It always comes back to karuta!
I-I understand.
Thank you.
Yes, Ayase-san is a fascinating girl.
I can't tell if she's innocent or calculating.
Personally, I think she's a gambler at heart.
That's absurd.
It's not easy to admit that in the end,
you can't always influence the result of a match.
Let's start a competitive karuta club! Please come see Ayase Chihaya in class 2-9!
Karuta Club Finals Preparation HQ
70 in both Contemporary and Classical Literature...
That's impossible.
There's a lot of noise coming from the second floor.
Now, now. It'll get better once they've settled in.
Desktomu-kun! I don't get it! Teach me!
I'm home.
Summer of Karuta Hokuo Academy successfully...
Huh? What?
Chihaya.
Are you going to practice karuta tomorrow?
Huh? Why?
Shiranami Karuta Society Practice Area
My own home is a retreat lying southeast...
I can win!
9 years old
I can beat the two younger brothers!
10 years old
I can hold my own against the oldest!
11 years old
16 years old
But I can't do anything against Tsukuba!
You're awesome, Bro!
Sumire's too easy for you!
It won't be long before I can beat Sumire!
Yeah!
Show some respect for your elders!
Sumire looks mad.
What's wrong, Sumire?
Sumire has a short temper.
I never dreamed that you would
join our karuta society, Hanano-san.
It's because karuta is so much fun!
I know, right? Karuta's so much fun.
I was inspired after watching the second-years play.
I want to get better!
Huh? How is karuta fun?
It's hot, tough, and exhausting!
Plus, it sucks that I can't win.
I only said that because Mashima-senpai was around.
What? You were trying to score points?
Yeah.
The feelings expressed are dependent on the rules!
The rule in this love is to be serious about karuta.
Mashima-senpai is following the same rule with his eye on Ayase-senpai.
He's waiting until she notices his feelings!
Next, we have Hanano-san against Dr. Harada.
Let's have fun.
No! He'll kill me! He'll eat me!
Let me play someone weak!
Don't worry. I'll start with 40 cards as a handicap.
Just let me play Mashima-senpai!
Good luck, Sumire!
Why? Eyebrows is really good.
Hanano is such an open book.
But...
It's hot, tough, and exhausting!
Plus, it sucks that I can't win.
You've already gotten hooked on karuta.
Mom, I'm not in the mood for shopping.
Just follow me.
There's nothing I want...
Here we are.
Oe Traditional Clothing
Oh, it's Kana-chan's mom.
Don't be so rude.
Sorry about dropping in on such short notice.
This is a small token of our appreciation.
You didn't need to go to such trouble.
You were kind enough to send presents for New Year's and Obon.
Think nothing of it. You've helped my daughter so much.
Mom, you sent gifts for New Year's and Obon?!
When did you do that?! Wow! You're so grown-up!
It's common sense!
Do you realize how generous Oe-san
has been to lend you those wonderful kimonos?
I'm a grown-up!
Please, it's no big deal.
Chihaya-chan has helped us by modeling for our catalog.
Our sales have shot up ever since Mizusawa's karuta club
started wearing hakamas in their matches.
Please come inside and have some tea.
No, we're here today...
Huh?
Oh, Kana-chan.
W-Wait! I wasn't planning on anything fancy!
A premade one will be fine!
Now, now.
It won't hurt to have a look.
Slick salesperson
Mom, you don't have to buy one for me.
You plan to continue playing karuta, right?
You'll need a hakama every time you play, right?
It's our job as your parents to provide.
Oh, that one's finished.
Would you like to try it on?
What? You know how to put one on?
First, put on the kimono.
Then, for the hakama...
Um, do the narrow strings go in front?
That's right.
Then pull it on and...
Um...
Um...
You're doing it right, Chihaya-chan.
When did she learn to do this?
Then I tie a knot...
Okay.
I'm embarrassed to admit that I know nothing about karuta.
I've only gone to see a handful of her matches.
The first time I watched her play, I knew.
She was going to be fine.
Chihaya would do just fine as long as she was playing karuta.
Even if she had the fifth lowest grades in her class...
Even if her room was decorated with strange bears...
Even if she didn't give any thought to her future...
She knows...
About my grades and career survey
She would do just fine.
She knows...
I'm more worried about her older sister,
since she's chosen an unstable line of work.
It's taken me this long to buy her a hakama...
I felt bad about ignoring her all this time.
Mom.
You weren't ignoring me.
You believed in karuta.
Chihaya-chan, would you like to look at the juban?
We received one today in a lovely color.
And you always want a pair of tabi.
Ooh, I've never worn tabi before!
This way.
I think that's perfectly fine.
Huh?
I've discovered while raising my daughter,
that it's very difficult and important to give children space to grow.
You didn't have to do this, Mom.
There were hakamas that cost less.
It's not a problem, since she set up a payment plan.
But...
That was the one you looked best in.
But this is for karuta matches, so a plain one would work.
But Chihaya, what if...
But Mom...
You might have forgotten,
but we have to pay for travel and lodging when I go to Nationals.
This isn't the best time to be buying a hakama...
I-It'll be fine!
There's enough money saved up...
By Dad?
She'll do just fine.
Chihaya will do fine as long as she's playing karuta.
The Queen wins the best of three in two straight matches.
I'm home.
Since I could not...
Incredible! The fastest card taken today was her best card, Since I could not !
Rain takes longer...
Precision!
Precision!
Pinpoint precision!
I won't waste that loss!
I'm going to surpass Shinobu-chan!
She's back to her usual self.
You must be a fool to try so hard at karuta.
Harusaki Entrance Exam Seminar Summer's Not Too Late to Start
Oh, Kondo-san?
About the audition this summer...
I have to become stronger!
My victory will mean our victory!
You don't have a secret stash?!
Secret stash!
No such thing
No such thing.
Let's start a competitive karuta club! Please come see Ayase Chihaya in class 2-9!
70... 70... 70... 70...
Again?
They're playing?
Why? That's not the deal we made.
And they suck.
Oh, dear. They sound more frenzied than impassionate.
What do you mean?
What? I'm talking about impassionate versus frenzied.
Impassionate means that you're intense, right?
What about frenzied?
We're in the second season and
she still doesn't know what the title means?!
This is my fault!
I don't get it either.
I thought decorative words didn't have any meaning.
Pay attention now.
There are many different definitions and
theories surrounding the word impassionate,
but I believe the easiest explanation
Impassionate
is to compare impassionate and frenzied.
Frenzied
I've heard people talk about frenzied gods.
Both words are used in reference to the power of gods.
Frenzied refers to power used for wrong,
while impassionate refers to power used for right.
Both words are used to describe intensity,
but their contexts are completely different.
Frenzied would be used to describe a shaky, spinning top,
while impassionate would refer to a top that spins perfectly smoothly.
Strong enough to repel anything that makes contact,
while projecting stability...
It almost looks like it's completely still,
focusing its power in perfect balance, with no lean in any direction.
Impassionate...
Huh? What?
School anthem!
Best of luck to the Mizusawa High School Karuta Club at Nationals!
They're doing the second verse?!
And the third verse?
Are they going to do the fourth verse?
Thank you for letting us use the second floor!
Thank you!
We'll try to keep the noise down!
It's awesome that you made it to Nationals!
Good luck!
Win it all!
Bye!
Thank you!
That came out of nowhere!
Four verses of the school anthem!
Mr. Matoba was crying!
It's the first time the Empress has listened to one of his requests.
Wow! Wow!
That was like how they send off the baseball team to Nationals!
I've never received support
from anyone who wasn't involved in karuta.
No kidding.
They sent us a good wave,
and their rendition of the school anthem was very impassionate.
We'll ride the wave they've pushed us on...
So close, Ayase-san!
That wasn't close
Sorry
What?! You're not taking your hakama because you fainted last year?!
You should have said something sooner
This time, we won't lose a single match
on our way to become number one in Japan!
Hanano-san, that's cute.
I know. I brought all kinds of underwear,
since you never know what might happen.
Hanano-san, are you going to sleep with your makeup on?
Yes, since you never know what might happen.
Nothing's going to happen!
Sniff...
Good grief...
Struggle Kick
We're on a trip!
I only get to take a bath, sleep, play karuta?
Why shouldn't something exciting happen?!
I've been wanting to ask you.
Is there anyone you like, Ayase-senpai?
Straight up!!
Is there anyone you think about when you're alone at night,
wishing you could see them and wondering what they're doing?
Well, I don't know Shinobu-chan's phone number...
Rivals don't count!
I wonder what he's doing.
I want to see him.
Arata?
Yep, that's right.
We're staying at an inn by Lake Biwa.
Are you going to come tomorrow, Arata?
What? Just the individual tournament in two days?!
Oh, your school doesn't have a karuta club.
Right...
Arata.
Huh?
You should have started a karuta club.
You should have started a team.
I'm not interested in team tournaments.
I'm focused on winning the individual tournament.
I-I plan to win the individual tournament, too!
It won't be easy to win both tournaments.
Wakamiya Shinobu's going to be there.
I'll beat Shinobu-chan!
I heard that she lost a lot of weight.
What?! Shinobu-chan is an enigma!
I'll still win!
The High School National Ogura Hundred Poets Karuta Championship begins.
