I'm back here again...
Sister, Sister... It appears our guest is still half-asleep.
Rem, Rem...
For one so young, it's quite sad how out of it he is.
What is the matter, sir?
Do you feel unwell?
What's wrong, sir?
Do you have a chronic illness flaring up?
Let me see your hands.
So it's true...
I wasn't mistaken...
No, sir. I think you are mistaken about everything.
No, sir. I think your very birth was a mistake.
When I think about what's to come, I can't laugh off that comment.
But right now, even that's a good feeling.
Sister, Sister...
Could our guest be a troubled man, deriving pleasure from torture?
Rem, Rem, our guest appears to be
a pervert who's turned on by insults.
Sorry to do that out of the blue,
but I trust you both.
Let's be friends, okay?
It was awfully noisy, so I came to check.
Subaru, I'm glad you seem well.
A second ago, I had a lot on my mind,
but seeing you blew it all away, Emilia-tan!
I guess you were the wonder drug that my heart needed.
Sorry, I have no idea what you're saying.
But good morning. I'm glad you're well.
Yeah, good morning.
Okay, might as well get started...
Hire me to work in this mansion!
I must clear two broad conditions,
in order to survive a week in Roswaal's mansion.
First is to earn the trust of the staff here.
If I don't gain those girls' favor,
they're liable to kill me, to silence me.
That goes not only for Rem and Ram,
but for their master, Roswaal, as well.
And second is to defeat the shaman that attacks Roswaal's mansion!
I'm exhausted...
You're quite the hard worker.
I'm not done yet.
I need to prepare dinner and clean the rooms.
I'll get back to work after a little break.
It's only your first day, and you're so spirited.
Well...
Some important things are at stake here.
By the way, what kind of magic does Emilia-tan use?
Technically, Lia isn't really a magic-user.
That goes for her contract with me, too.
She uses spirit arts.
So those who use magic and spirit arts are different...
Magic-users cast magic with their own mana,
but those who use spirit arts draw from mana in the atmosphere.
And how are those two different, Sensei?
Basically, it depends on whether you use a gate.
A gate?
Mana passes through a gate within your body.
Through the gate, you both draw mana in and expel it out.
I see, so it's like a spigot for MP...
You should also have one, Subaru.
R-Really? Does that mean I can use magic, too?
Want me to figure out your attribute?
Magic-users are divided into fire, water, wind, and earth attributes...
Whoa, it's totally a magic sound effect!
I know what your attribute is.
Yes! I've been waiting for this!
Is it the burning fire of passion?
Or a relaxed, cool-guy water type?
Or maybe a gentle wind, blowing across the plain?
Or is it solid, reliable earth?
Shadow
Shadow.
All rejected?!
Wow, shadow? That's very rare.
What is shadow, anyway?
Weren't there only four attributes?
This is a category error!
In addition to the four basic attributes,
there's also shadow and light.
Is it actually some amazing ability?
Like a talent only seen once in five thousand years?
With shadow magic,
you can obstruct an opponent's vision, block sound,
slow movements, and things like that.
It's just debuffs?
An easy one would be something like Shamac.
That's a blinding spell, right?
Want me to show you?
Wait, Puck...
For real? Let's see, let's see!
Shamac!
Okay, that's it.
What'd you think? That was Shamac.
Are you all right?
I-I'm fine!
It's not too flashy, but it seems pretty effective!
So I can also use this Shamac, right?
Well, that depends on your training.
Want to try the beginner's course?
Please, Master!
I'll act as a support, and use the mana inside you,
so the magic will come from your own gate.
Lia, on the off-chance that Subaru's magic goes out of control and explodes,
you should step away, so your clothes don't get messy.
That only happens if I screw up really bad, right?!
If you can make relaxed, lighthearted comments like that, you'll be fine.
Now, visualize the flow of mana through your body.
Then expel a part of it, through your gate, out of your body.
Visualizing, I can do.
Fantasizing is what I do best.
Huh? That isn't good. The gate just
Long story short,
your control over your gate isn't very good,
so you shouldn't try too hard.
You're the one who said I'd be fine.
Tee-hee!
That's not cute at all...
Well, for better or worse, your gate hasn't been well-used.
That's why the mana inside ignored the user's will, bursting out.
What am I, a soy sauce bottle with a loose cap?
You shouldn't move.
You used up all the mana in your body.
Maybe you shouldn't work anymore today
No! I have to!
Don't try to overdo it!
This is exactly when I need to overdo it...
I can't waste a single day.
You really are hopeless...
What
Chew.
Chew and swallow it. Three... And go!
Wh-What was that?
It's a bocco fruit.
When you eat it, your mana activates,
and your gate regains a little of its strength.
Sorry, I guess I've caused you some trouble.
You don't understand, Subaru...
It's more satisfying to hear a single thank you than a lot of sorrys.
I did it because I wanted to help,
not because I wanted an apology.
Okay?
So, Ram, given what you've seen so far,
what do you think of him?
In terms of abilities, he's completely incompetent,
but when it counts, he can be excessively quick-witted.
I believe it may be necessary to keep an eye on him for a time.
This is a problem we must handle with utmost care.
Be sure to give the proper warnings,
so your sister does not act rashly...
I guess that's about all I can expect of the first day.
I earned quite a bit of trust from Ram and Rem, I think.
But the problem is that shaman's attack...
How do I fight that?
You want to know more about shamans?
Yeah, how do you avoid curses?
There isn't a way.
Huh?
Once a curse is activated, there isn't any way to undo it, I suppose.
Once it's activated, that's it.
That's what curses are.
It's actually possible to nullify instant death resistances?
However, before they're activated, curses are just simple spells,
so I can easily undo them.
The scent of the witch...
You know, Rem mentioned that, too.
Who is this witch?
Are witches related to shamans?
In this world, the word witch only refers to one person.
The Jealous Witch?
Exactly. The Jealous Witch, Satella.
Long ago, she devoured the six witches who bore the names of the deadly sins,
and drained half the world dry. She's the worst of the worst, I suppose.
It's said that she was starved for love.
It's said that she doesn't understand human language.
It's said that her body never withers, weakens, or dies.
It's said that, though she was sealed by the powers of a dragon, a hero, and a sage,
they were unable to destroy her flesh.
It's said that her body is that of a half-elf with silver hair.
I'm...
Satella.
What would it take to make someone steal the Jealous Witch's name?
Oh, I guess steal makes the person sound bad...
I should say to make someone borrow the Jealous Witch's name.
Either way, they must have no fear of death, I suppose.
One who would steal her name can be called nothing but insane.
I see... So that's why.
Huh?
If people just saw her as a crazy freak,
she wouldn't have to be involved in this royal selection mess...
What are you talking about, I suppose?
Nothing.
Good morning!
It's another sunny day, perfect for drying laundry!
Let's make this a happiness-filled day!
Now... Victory!
Victory!
You're so energetic again this morning.
Yep! Even as I'm ordered around and disciplined by the maid sisters,
I'll enjoy my servant's life to the fullest again!
But when that lifestyle wears me out,
I'll come rest my head in your lap,
so save it for me, okay?
When you wash your face like that, you really do look like a cat!
So, do spirits get sleepy and stuff, too?
Do they oversleep?
Don't you people get sleepy when you're fatigued, too?
When a spirits' mana, the source of their energy, is depleted,
they experience something similar...
Did you two stay up all night or what?
I bet you were up late talking about who you like, right?
Let me in on the fun!
Eh?
Who I like? It's embarrassing to say, but
The one I like is Puck, and the one Puck likes is me.
There. That conversation's over.
Your love is mutual?! Then where do I fit in?
Nowhere.
Lia's head-over-heels for my charms.
You aren't a bad guy,
but compared to me, you've got nothing...
You should give up on Lia and
Don't get carried away, you two.
If you keep this up, I'll get mad!
Ow! Ow! You are mad! You are mad!
Whoops!
I should get going, or the maid sisters will be angry.
Bye.
What's wrong? You don't look happy.
I just feel... sort of uneasy.
I can't really explain it...
Well, I can't blame you for being confused.
This has gotten to be a bit of a problem.
Don't worry! Don't worry! Forget about it! It's fine!
A problem?
Relax!
I'll clean this up so fast, no one will get hurt!
Subaru's mind is really mixed up.
The inside and outside are all confused.
I think that is an admirable attitude,
but you were the one who knocked it over.
I shall fetch a replacement
No, that's okay!
I'll take care of the vase and flowers!
You just do your own work, Senpai!
If he keeps this up, he'll wear himself out before long.
It feels great to finish a job, huh, Rem-rin?
But it was work you created and took care of on your own.
When did you learn where the vases are kept?
Did my sister...
Yeah, that's right! Your sister told me!
Since she knows me, she said, You're bound to break a vase eventually.
I'll tell you where the extra vases are, so you'll be prepared.
Subaru-kun...
Whoops! I forgot about some work Ram-chi asked me to do!
Would you excuse me for a bit? I'll take care of it quick.
Later! I'll come find you soon!
I feel sick...
Don't you think my knife technique has come a long way in only a day?
I think my talent has awakened!
I feel sick. I feel sick. I feel sick!
Rem-rin, check out my aptitude, which enables such detailed crafting!
A miracle must be residing in my fingertips right now!
Illusion!
I feel sick...I feel sick... I feel sick... I feel sick... I feel sick... I feel sick...
Honestly, Emilia-tan! Every time we meet, you stir my heart!
You're such a sinful girl! You're guilty!
I should be better able to laugh.
I should be better able to make them laugh.
I can't fail this time...
I can't waste a single second.
I must throw all my strength into my work and produce results, or...
Oh, Ram-chi! I wasn't slacking! I'll finish all my work!
You can just kick back in your room and take a siesta while I
Damn, I look so lame...
I don't have time to spend whining.
You idiot.
Subaru...
Emilia-tan!
Subaru, come with me.
Uh-oh! A personal request from Emilia-tan?
How joyous! How embarrassing! How rare!
Say anything! Tell me to do anything!
For you, I'd dive into fire, water, the loot house, anywhere!
Subaru...
Hey, come on! The Emilia-tan I know would say...
Wait! Are you a fake?
But could anyone else look so gorgeous that I just want to hug her?
All right.
Subaru, come here.
Wha
Just come.
Okay, sit here.
Can't I sit on the bed or a chair? Why the floor?
Just sit!
Yes, ma'am! With pleasure!
Just this once, all right?
Your position is a little weird.
And... It tickles.
You're letting me rest in your lap?
Don't say it aloud! It's embarrassing!
And no looking up here...
Close your eyes.
You're adorable when you're embarrassed, but...
What's this about, anyway?
When did I do something worthy of this kind of reward?
You don't have to put on that weird tough act now.
Didn't you tell me to lend you my lap when you were exhausted?
I can't do this all the time, but today is special.
Special? It's only my second day.
If I'm already completely worn out, what kind of weakling am I?
It's plain to see that you're overwhelmed.
You won't tell me what's really going on, will you?
I can't imagine this will make things any easier,
but this is all I can do.
Emilia-tan, come on, now...
Are you tired?
I'm totally fine.
Are you troubled?
If you're this nice to me, I'm gonna fall in love with you.
When you... I mean, like that...
It's been rough, hasn't it?
It was rough...
It was so painful.
I was so scared.
I was so sad...
It hurt so much, I thought I'd die...
Uh-huh.
I tried so hard.
I tried so hard!
I was so desperate...
So desperate to make everything right!
It's the truth.
I've honestly never tried so hard at anything in my life!
Uh-huh, I know.
Because I loved this place...
Because it was so important to me!
I was so desperate to get it back...
I was scared... I was so scared!
I didn't want those eyes looking at me like that again...
And I hated myself so much for feeling that way!
Subaru-kun?
Shh.
Is Subaru-kun just asleep?
Yes.
He looks like a child, doesn't he?
It appears Subaru-kun cannot do any more work today.
Yes, he's done for today.
What a bad boy, taking a day off, on just his second day of work.
When he feels better, you can punish him.
Seeing him like this, I almost don't want to.
Yeah.
I shall inform my sister that Subaru-kun will be useless for today.
Rem...
Subaru is a good person.
Did I really just bawl all over the girl I love
and fall asleep, with tears and snot all over my face?
What kind of shame play is that?! I'm totally hopeless!
You burst in here late at night, and that's what you say, I suppose?
Don't say that, Beako... We're tight, aren't we?
What kind of relationship do you think we
Wait, what did you just call me?
Oh... Beako?
I think pet names are indispensable in showing affection.
So I'm gonna call you Beako.
That's the best proof of my affection that I can give.
What sort of obtrusive display of goodwill is that?
That isn't just disgusting. It's revolting, hmph!
Don't be so cold, Beako!
The thing is...
I'm backed into a corner here.
Honestly, I want your help with the curses I asked about.
I told you that, once activated, curses can't be undone, I suppose.
Yeah, you did.
But can you detect curses before they're activated instead?
I am capable of discovering curses before they're activated.
How are curses placed?
There is one rule of casting curses that cannot be broken, I suppose.
A rule that can't be broken?
Physical contact with the curse's target.
That is the prerequisite.
Other than those in this mansion,
I've only touched the villagers at the base of the mountain.
I was cursed in the village,
it activated that night, in the mansion,
and then I died?
That would explain why the shaman got Rem last time.
I didn't go to the village, so she ended up being the target.
It fits... It all fits now!
I've finally found a lead,
damn it!
Is that any attitude to take toward someone you asked for help, I suppose?
If it was helpful to you, I think there's something you should say.
Yeah, that's right!
You saved me! Thanks to you, I can see the light!
Beako, I love you!
Let me
Put me down, I suppose!
Dorowazu!
And so, a lot's happened,
but today is a fresh start! I'm a new me!
The lap pillow, right?
It was the lap pillow.
Huh?
Wait, you guys knew?
Subaru, good morning.
Emilia-tan?
Um, this is kind of embarrassing...
Are you feeling okay?
I wasn't so sure till I heard your voice just now, but...
I'm okay now.
So, um, listen...
I'm sorr
I mean, thanks for everything.
Well, shall we start on this morning's work, Subaru-kun?
We need to begin our morning duties.
Before that, I have a favor to ask.
A lap pillow, right?
It's a lap pillow.
I'm not that unscrupulous!
Actually, I want to go to the village.
It's not far, right?
Do we have any plans to shop for anything?
If I recall, we are low on seasonings,
so I was thinking of going to the village tomorrow.
Then why don't we go today instead?
If we're running low, it never hurts to restock sooner!
I don't see a problem with that.
Sister...
You do need to go shopping, and we have no urgent duties.
And you have Barusu to carry your packages.
If you say so, Sister.
All right!
But I'm going with you.
You'll have a pretty flower on each arm, Barusu.
Huh?
Uh, I just hope those flowers aren't poisonous...
I Cried, Cried My Lungs Out, and Stopped Crying
