Kurogiri, get rid of these guys.
Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay
Everything I hate came together in one set.
A brat,
and a rude guy.
Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate
Now, now.
They came all this way to visit, so let's at least hear them out, Tomura Shigaraki.
Besides, that big shot broker brought them.
Villain - Giran
They're bound to be valuable assets.
I don't care what you do with them, but make sure I get my commission, Kurogiri.
At least let me introduce them.
First, this cute high school girl.
Her name and face were kept tightly under wraps by the media,
but she's on the run as the suspect in a series of deaths by blood loss.
I'm Toga! Himiko Toga!
Villain - Himiko Toga
It's hard to live!
I want the world to become an easier place to live!
I want to become Mr. Stainy!
I want to kill Mr. Stainy!
So let me join the League of Villains, Tomura!
I don't get her. Is she crazy?
She can hold a conversation for the most part.
I'm sure she'll be of use.
Next, this guy over here.
He hasn't committed any flashy crimes,
but he holds fast to the hero killer's ideology.
Villain - Dabi
I'm uneasy about this.
Does this organization really have a just cause?
Don't tell me you're going to let this crazy woman in?
Hey, you. You can't even do what that crazy high school girl was able to do.
Give your name first. You're an adult, right?
I currently go by Dabi.
That's not what I want to know. What's you're real name?
I'll tell you when it's time.
Anyway, I will carry out the will of the hero killer.
You don't have to say what you haven't been asked.
Jeez, everyone's so hung up about Stain, Stain...
-I don't like it. -You mustn't, Shigaraki...!
I don't feel good.
You're all no good!
Please calm down, Tomura Shigaraki.
If what you wish is to come to pass,
then we must increase the organization's numbers.
Strangely enough, we're in the spotlight right now, so now is our chance.
We should not be rejecting them, we should be receiving them.
You must use it, all of it...
And all the ideology he left behind...
Shut up.
Where are you going?
Shut up!
I don't want to complain about a client, but... he's young. Too young.
I thought he was going to kill us.
He makes me sick...
Would it be all right to give you an answer at a later date?
I believe he knows what he should do.
It's because he knows that he left without saying anything.
All Might... Hero Killer...
He's been humbled twice already.
I'm sure he will reach an answer...
Denki Kaminari
Everyone... I'm looking forward... to hearing your stories... about training camp...
Rikido Sato
Mina Ashido
Eijiro Kirishima
Hanta Sero Izuku Midoriya
W-We don't know for sure yet! There might be a last minute twist!
Stop, Midoriya. If you say it out loud, it'll probably jinx it.
If we failed the exams,
then we'd have to skip training camp and be in summer school hell.
And since we didn't pass the practical exam...
If you guys still don't get it, then you're dumber than monkeys!
Calm down. That's too long.
I don't know, either.
Our team passed thanks to Mineta, but I was just sleeping the whole time.
Minoru Mineta
Anyway, since we don't know how they're scoring it...
If you feel bad for us, then I dunno, just bring me back lots of stuff!
Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa
Once the bell rings, get in your seats.
Silence!
Morning.
Unfortunately, there are those who did not pass the final exams.
Accordingly, for the training camp in the woods...
A last minute twist!
We can go, too?!
Really?!
Yeah.
Some failed, but no one failed the written exam.
In the practical, Kirishima, Kaminari, Ashido, Sato, and Sero failed.
I knew it...
Just because my team passed didn't mean I scored high enough not to fail...
For this time's exam, we on the villain side
made sure to leave a way for the students to win
while watching to see how you all would take on the task at hand.
If we hadn't, most of you would've gotten stuck before you started.
Mashirao Ojiro
So when you said you were really out to crush us...
That was to make you feel cornered.
In the first place, the training camp in the woods is one to increase strength.
So those who failed need it the most. They have to get stronger.
It was a rational falsehood.
A rational falsehood?!
Tenya Iida Yay
I was tricked again!
As expected of U.A.
However, since you lied to us twice, our faith in you will waver!
Wow, you're being a wet blanket, Iida.
Ochaco Uraraka
That's true. I'll consider that.
But I wasn't lying about everything.
Failure is failure.
We have prepared a separate time for extra lessons for you all.
Frankly, it'll be tougher than the extra lessons you'd get if you stayed at school.
Well, in any case, I'm glad we can all go together.
Training Camp Guide
A week of training camp, huh?
We'll have to bring a lot with us.
I don't have a bathing suit or anything.
I'll have to buy a bunch of stuff.
Night vision goggles-
Oh, then since we're off tomorrow, and we just finished our exams,
Mezo Shoji Toru Hagakure Fumikage Tokoyami
why doesn't Class A all go shopping together?!
Grin
Oh, good idea!
Wouldn't that be the first time we all hung out together?
Katsuki Bakugo
Hey, Bakugo, you're coming, too!
Like I'd do something so irritating.
Shoto Todoroki
Will you come, too, Todoroki?
I go visit my mom on our days off.
You guys are such party poopers!
Get a clue, you clueless guys!
And so, here we are!
With the most stores in the prefecture, the newest and coolest, most advanced-
Kiyashi Ward Shopping Mall!
They don't just try to cover the various body types due to Quirks by numbers,
mutter mutter mutter
but they actually have designs that fit a wide range of ages, from teens to seniors, so...
You're scaring the children. Stop that.
Oh, aren't those U.A. students?!
First years?!
I saw them on TV!
Sports festival, yay!
Oh, there are still people who remember that...
Anyway, I need to buy a big carry-on bag.
Momo Yaoyorozu Kyoka Jiro
Oh my, then why don't we go around together?
Where can I get lock-picking tools and small drills?
I don't have any outdoorsy shoes, so I want to go buy some.
Oh, me too, me too!
The guide said to bring shoes that are already broken in-
Oh, but I see, perhaps we should choose based on utility?
Everyone has different things they want to do,
so why don't we decide on a time to meet back up?
I agree!
Then let's meet back here at 3 o'clock!
Okay!
Everyone's really fast.
Yeah.
Wh-What about you, Uraraka?
I want to get some heavier wrist weights.
I need bug spray...
Do you...
Bu...
Bug spray...!
I'm a bug?!
Dang it, Aoyama!
He's wrong, anyway!
I think.
Even though we all came together, I'm by myself...
Oh, it's someone from U.A. Cool!
Let me have your autograph!
You were the one who got all beat up at the sports festival, right?
Y-Yeah...
Wow, U.A.'s amazing.
So many people watched and remembered us...
And weren't you also one of the guys
who ran into the hero killer in the Hosu incident?
That's so cool!
You sure know a lot...
Man, I seriously can't believe it.
I can't believe I'd see you again in a place like this.
It makes me feel like there's something to it...
But well, from your perspective, I guess we haven't met since the attack on U.A., huh?
Why don't we have tea or something, Izuku Midoriya?
Tomura... Shigaraki!
Encounter
Izuku Midoriya Quirk: One For All Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 7/15 Height: 166 cm Blood Type: O Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowla
What meaning is there in killing without conviction?
Just you watch, Hero Killer.
Almost everyone is thinking, It's no skin off my back.
No, they're not even thinking that.
No matter where someone tries to kill someone else for whatever reason,
these guys will just keep smiling thoughtlessly and going on living.
It's the hero killer!
Is this really okay?
Super popular!! Hero Killer Mask 980 yen
You'll definitely get in trouble!
It's such a bad idea!
That's cool!
But on the other hand,
you've got some sympathizers who are far from your ideals.
What's up with that?
Aren't we doing the same thing, you and me?
In the end, you just destroyed the things you didn't like, right?
What's up with that?
What's the difference?
Act natural, like I'm an old friend.
Don't make a fuss, okay?
Calm down and catch your breath.
I want to talk to you.
That's all.
Just try and do something funny.
It's simple.
The instant all five of my fingers touch your neck,
you'll start crumbling from the skin of your throat.
You'll turn to dust in less than a minute.
I-If you do that in a place with this many people,
a hero will come and catch you in no time...
I'm sure.
But look at these guys.
Even though anyone could wield their Quirk at any time,
how can they smile and gather like that?
When it comes down to it, laws and rules assume that individuals have morals.
They're convinced that there's no way anyone would do it.
Before I'm caught I could crumble twenty-no, thirty people...
What... do you want to talk about?
This is nice.
Since we've got this chance, why don't we sit down and have a chat?
Anyway, I hate everything,
but what pisses me off the most right now is the hero killer.
He's not with you?
I didn't acknowledge it, but that's how it ended up in the news.
That's the problem.
Almost everyone is looking at the hero killer.
Hero Killer: Stain. Real name: Chizome Akaguro. All Might's debut left a deep impression on him, and he set his sights on becoming a hero.
The attack on U.A. and the Nomus I released on Hosu City...
He enrolled in a private hero high school but was disappointed in the fundamentally depraved view
Everything was upstaged by him.
of heroes taught by the educational system.
No one's looking at me.
Why is that?
No matter how much he boasts,
in the end, he just destroyed what he didn't like, right?
What do you think the difference is between me and him, Midoriya?
I got flustered and ended up running at full speed.
I bet Deku was really confused...
I feel bad leaving him like that.
Yeah, so I need to go back and apologize.
Yeah, I need to go back...
No, that's not it. I'm just gonna apologize when I go back...
Yeah. That's right. It's not like I want to go shopping with him or anything.
In the first place,
I just thought he was amazing for someone who wanted to be a hero, like me.
Yeah, I'll go back. No, it's not like that at all.
What Aoyama said was really ridiculous.
What is the difference...?
I can't understand or agree with who you are.
For the hero killer, I don't agree with him,
All Might's debut left a deep impression on him, and he set his sights on becoming a hero.
but I can understand him.
Because for me and the hero killer, it all started...
This is all...
At that time, I was saved...
At the very least, he wasn't destroying just because he wanted to.
It's game over now.
Shall we go home?
He didn't just abandon it in vain, like you did.
Even if the way he did it was wrong,
he was trying to live up to his ideals, I think.
It's like a weight off my chest.
I feel like I've connected the dots.
Why the hero killer pisses me off,
and why you irritate me...
I feel like I understand now.
Everything's because of All Might.
Yeah, that's it...
When all's said and done, that's where I ended up.
What was I worrying so much about?
These guys are able to smile thoughtlessly because All Might is smiling thoughtlessly.
It's because that trash is smiling thoughtlessly,
as if there was no one he couldn't save!
Oh, I'm so glad we could talk.
It's great. Thanks, Midoriya!
I don't have to do anything different.
Whoops, don't struggle.
Do you want to die?
You think it's okay for the masses to die?
It's so ironic, Hero Killer.
I'm your opposite, but you let me live, and now your ideals and convictions
will all become a stepping stone for me.
Deku?
A friend...? No...
Get your hands off him...
It's nothing! I'm fine! So don't come close!
Oh, you had a friend with you? Sorry'bout that.
I'm off, then.
If you try following me, I'll get angry.
Deku!
Wait, Tomura Shigaraki!
Shigaraki...?
What is All For One after?
Who knows?
More importantly, you should be careful.
The next time we meet will likely be when I have decided to kill you.
What meaning is there in killing without conviction?
I had convictions and ideals from the beginning, Hero Killer.
Nothing's changed.
But everything I do from now on will connect to that...
To make a world without All Might,
and expose just how fragile that justice stuff is.
And from today, I'll call that my conviction.
The only one I'll let kill me is the true hero...
Everything is because of All Might...
Uraraka reported the incident, and the shopping mall was temporarily closed.
The heroes and police in the ward undertook an emergency investigation,
but in the end, they could not find Tomura Shigaraki.
I was taken to the police station that day
Kiyashi Police Station
and told Mr. Tsukauchi, who is investigating the League of Villains,
about the principal offender, Tomura Shigaraki's appearance and our conversation.
Police Officer - Naomasa Tsukauchi
From what I'm hearing, it sounds like they aren't a monolithic organization.
But the part where he wants to defeat All Might hasn't changed...
Anyway, thank you, Midoriya.
I wish I could've detained him, though.
Don't worry about it.
In fact, you did well holding up when your life and the lives of others were at stake.
Most people would get scared and panic.
The fact that there were no victims is thanks to you staying calm.
Young Midoriya! Tsukauchi!
Pro Hero - All Might
All Might! Why...?
I had some personal business to talk with him about.
Oh good, I'm glad you're okay.
I'm sorry I couldn't save you.
It's okay.
Um, All Might...
What is it?
Do you also have times when you can't save everyone?
I do. A lot.
Someone could be injured and passing out somewhere in this world right now.
It's frustrating, but I'm human, too.
I can't save the people I can't reach.
That's all the more reason to stand and smile.
So that the Symbol of Justice can always be lit inside the hearts
of the people, the heroes, and the villains.
He's worried about what Shigaraki said.
It's probably unjustified resentment or something.
He's never failed to save someone after he arrived at the scene.
Now, it's getting late.
Someone's here for you.
Izuku!
Mom?
Izuku!
Izuku, I can't take this anymore.
Inko Midoriya
My heart can't take it...
Sorry. It's fine. I'm fine. Don't cry.
The heroes and the police were taking good care of me.
Sansa, make arrangements to take them home.
Yes, sir.
This time it appears to have been a coincidental meeting...
But the possibility that he, or another student, will be targeted is pretty high.
Of course, we will continue to be on alert,
but the school should also be ready to take some drastic measures.
The stronger the light, the greater the darkness.
You should also consider leaving U.A.
I've only been teaching for a little more than three months.
That's why I told you before that you weren't cut out for it.
Let's capture All For One properly this time.
Yeah.
This time...
I'm counting on you again, Tsukauchi.
Yeah.
U.A. High School 1st Semester Closing Ceremony
From the entrance exam to the fitness test, combat training,
Pro Hero - Nezu
the League of Villains' attack, the sports festival,
internships, the Hosu incident, and the final exams...
A lot happened, but my first semester at U.A. is over,
and summer vacation is about to begin.
But that doesn't mean we can just think about having fun.
We need to be prepared
Hosu General Hospital
for the impending evil
in order to become true heroes.
We do not have time to just stand around.
You seem strangely happy, Master.
Is it because the League of Villains is growing steadily?
That's not it, Doctor.
It's because Tomura Shigaraki has conviction now.
The League of Villains needs people who approve of his convictions.
I will have him decide everything.
If he asks for help, then I will save him, of course.
Villain - All For One
I have even been preparing for that time.
In order for him to become the next me...
