You've been having things your way for a while...
But your reign ends here.
Take that, and that, and that!
Ogre
Consecutive low, weak kicks! This is a strategy I figured out so you can't escape!
Good grief. You just don't get it.
Home
If you want to trap someone...
this is how you do it.
Take this!
Bunny bun bun!
Home
Dokishisu
One more time!
Bunny bun bun!
This is shit! This game is shit!
That's all he could say
The heck is this?
Oh, those were distributed to a handful of heroes.
It's apparently still a prototype, though.
It's a terminal for receiving backup requests and the latest intel immediately.
I didn't get one.
Huh?
Oh... Maybe they think you can't handle buttons and stuff very well.
One more time!
Next time, I'm going to use even faster consecutive low, weak kicks and win!
A message has arrived from the Monster Association!
A message has arrived from the Monster Association!
He's been taken over by some parasite!
Call all the resident heroes!
Hello? This is the west wing, floor 2, conference room 7!
Should I shoot?
Yes, shoot!
Wait!
Listen to the message!
The Encircling Net of Justice
It's a pleasure to meet you, ladies and gentlemen of the Hero Association.
I am Gyoro-Gyoro, an officer in the Monster Association.
As you already know, we have the son of one of your top executives in our custody.
What are your demands?
We have but one request.
We are tired of being oppressed just because we're monsters,
so we ask that you leave us alone.
We are currently hiding in an abandoned part of City Z,
where we monsters help each other out while we try to make ends meet.
We would never ask for something as luxurious as living freely in the outside world.
We will never attack another civilian again, nor intrude upon your way of life.
All we ask for in return is our own sanctuary.
Our dream is the realization of a society in which
humans and monsters can live together in harmony.
Then why did you insist on rampaging?
By showing you our power,
we thought you'd find that you could benefit from agreeing to this idea, as well.
I'm sure we want to avoid any further casualties on either side.
So they're asking for a cease-fire. Just like I thought they would.
Very well.
We promise that we will not engage the Monster Association from here on out.
So you should release your hostage immediately.
You stupid monsters better enjoy this brief moment of peace.
We're going to take you down before you can grow any stron
Whoops. My finger slipped.
Come, now. We're still in the middle of negotiations, Destrochloridium.
My bad. I need to work on my patience.
He killed him!
Do you really have any intention to negotiate?
It's so fun to mess with you adults.
Humans and monsters living in harmony?
I think that's my best joke yet!
You people are even dumber than I thought
if you were going to accept that demand so quickly.
What do you plan to do with the hostage?!
Don't tell me you already
Oh, he's still alive.
We took a hostage so you cowards couldn't run away.
We'll give you just three days.
In that time, gather your strongest heroes and come rescue the brat!
Lord Orochi and the rest of the Monster Association will be waiting for you.
It self-destructed?
There's still one more left! Where are the heroes?
Are we done talking?
In that case...
I can go crazy now, right?!
Class S Rank 11 Superalloy Blackluster
Was this the emergency you guys called about?
Ah, Blackluster. Thank goodness we asked you to stay here to defend headquarters.
No! It's not over yet!
That thing's a parasite! It's true form's out now!
You guys are way too slow.
This Class S hero's body is mine!
His body's as hard as steel! My drills
Impossible! This is just skin, isn't it?!
What are you talking about?
Of course you don't stand a chance. My skin's toughened by steel.
The Monster Association must be extremely confident.
What do we do?
What do you mean? Our plan from the start was to rescue the hostage!
You're okay with sending our Class S heroes in, knowing it's a trap?!
Well, this isn't good.
The executives are actually panicking over the Monster Association.
I should just...
Ahem.
Eyes over here!
How's that?
H-How's what, Blackluster?
Have you calmed down a little after staring at my muscles?
We, uh...
We should be just as confident.
Huh?
It appears the time has come when I can truly shine.
I'm more worried about the enemy.
I'm hoping I can at least go all-out on them.
You think the heroes will show?
Well, you saw what happened today. We're way stronger.
We can probably attack all at once and
not even have to worry about using the hostage as bait.
Confidence is a good thing, but acting on impulse always has its consequences.
It's true that the Hero Association has its own kind of monsters.
Letting them go free will cause problems later.
That's why we'll gather them all in one place and strike them all at once.
This is what our hostage is for.
Once they lose all their forces,
we'll eradicate the rest of the Hero Association.
After humanity loses the ability to fight back,
they'll be helpless against us and have no other choice but to go extinct.
And then,
Lord Orochi will become king,
and a world for just monsters will finally become a reality!
What's the matter? Where's my applause?
Are you not satisfied serving Lord Orochi?
We just gathered here to crush the Hero Association.
No one said anything about serving anyone.
What's this? What's a loser doing here?
Wh-What are you doing?!
What are you doing here, Roach Awakening?
You have some nerve, showing up after you lost.
Wait! I just lost my feet!
I can still fight!
Next time, I'll
Hey, we're friends, aren't we?
Hey! No...
Please don't! Don't do it!
Please don't do this!
Don't
He ate him!
That goes for you as well, Super S.
But I'm still... I barely have a scratch on me!
I didn't actually lose!
Well, her power can be quite useful, so it might be worthwhile to let her live.
There won't be a next time.
Damn it...
Anyway, if any of you have a problem,
you can challenge Lord Orochi yourselves later.
If you actually defeat Lord Orochi, we'll have a new boss.
Very well.
By the way, Gyoro-Gyoro, I don't see Goketsu anywhere.
Oh, dear.
It appears he hasn't returned yet.
I guess I'll go check things out.
Unbelievable... Someone defeated Goketsu? But who?
I guess this won't go as easily as planned after all.
Where am I?
Did someone take me out?
I need to get back to my hideout.
That's...
There's no doubt about it. That's the Class A hero Death Gatling.
King got me way worse than I expected.
My body's actually at its limit.
Guess I'll just got home for today.
There we go.
How does it feel, Genos?
Looks like it'll work just fine.
Yes. Thank you, Dr. Kuseno, for doing this on such short notice.
Well, I know you wanted to get right back into the fight.
The changes should be easy to manage, but with this upgrade,
you should definitely feel much stronger.
Yes. I won't lose again.
You don't have to be overconfident. It's okay if you lose,
as long as you come back alive.
Seeing you yesterday reminded me of my younger days.
I had a strong sense of justice and continued forward
with absolutely no fear back then.
Genos, just make sure you don't push yourself too hard.
Breaking news! Breaking news!
The Monsters Declare War Monsters Infiltrate the Hero Association Headquarters Leaving 2 Employees Dead
The Monster Association?!
They infiltrated the headquarters? What?!
They even killed one of the executives?
Come on, you guys!
This morning, an organization calling themselves the Monster Association
Monster Association
The Monster Association Declares War
made a criminal declaration that they had taken a hostage from the Hero Association.
Big Bro Bat...
According to the declaration, they expressed that even more destruction
Looks like the Hero Association and the Monster Association are going to clash head-on.
and casualties would be caused by the monsters.
A war? Curse the Monster Association... How awful.
The Hero Association is calling for extra security...
What's going to happen to us if they lose?
It sucks, but there's nothing we can do.
Damn it...
They can win... right? The heroes...
What do you mean, you're not going to participate in the operation?!
Metal Knight! Don't you understand what's going on right now?
Letting them provoke us into infiltrating their base
will only cause more casualties.
I won't pointlessly help deal another blow to the Hero Association's forces.
You don't need to say it like that!
They have a hostage!
That's the kind of thinking that will make the situation worse.
If we've tracked down their base, we should forget the operation to save the hostage
and just nuke the whole place.
I presented my idea to the Association, but they turned it down.
Apparently they're more concerned about their financial situation.
Meaning I won't have anything to do with this operation.
And there he goes... I swear, he's like a little kid!
The Monster Association Declares War
The masses want to know what our next move is.
Those bastards leaked this to the press... Unbelievable.
Now that the world knows of the Hero Association's blunder,
we need to show the world just how ready we are.
Monster Association
The Monster Association, eh?
They didn't state their location, but I've got a pretty good idea.
City Z's hazardous area ahead Absolutely no trespassing
It's in City Z.
They're planning to start a revolution.
This wasn't a message just for the humans.
It was to summon us.
Let's join the Monster Association.
Let's mess those heroes up!
There sure are a lot of monsters out again today.
Did they actually come here to see me?
More importantly...
The garbage truck is gonna show up any second!
What?
Someone's in our secret base?
Yeah. Some guy I didn't know was sleeping in there.
Seriously?
Tareo, go check it out.
What?!
Tell him what's up, then kick him out.
I-I can't do that!
Shut up, and just go!
Ow...
My fever's not going down.
At this rate, I might not be able to move much for the next couple of days.
Who's there?!
What are you doing here?
Th-This shack is...
o-our secret... base...
Huh? Oh, hey.
You're the brat that was reading the Hero Guide.
You're that old dude!
Stop calling me that.
What do you want?
U-Um...
C-Could you please leave... this shack?
Huh?
Why do I have to listen to you?
W-Well, the other guys told me to say that to you...
Your friends? Just say you don't want to.
But...
Stop crying. Jeez, you're annoying.
Don't worry. I won't be here too long.
If you've still got a problem,
bring your friends here.
Got it, you dumb brat?
O-Okay...
Why don't I give you some good advice
to stop people from making fun of you?
Huh?
Yeah. I wanna know.
Tareo sure is taking his time.
I wonder if something happened.
Step back, boys.
It's Death Gatling!
It's dangerous here.
Smileman! And even Stinger!
Wow! It's a huge group of heroes!
So the hero hunter we keep hearing about is in that shack?
Yeah.
The hero hunter Garo...
Today's the day that we hunt you.
Um... Is there something in there?
There's an extremely dangerous monster in there.
Hurry and get away from here.
O-Okay...
Crap!
What are we gonna do? We sent Tareo in there alone.
He should be fine now that the heroes are here.
Yeah.
If you don't want to get bossed around or mocked by the people around you...
you just need to become stronger!
Huh?
How'd you like that? Great advice, am I right?
Uh... you just stated the obvious.
Yes! It should be obvious!
See? You do get it!
Laughing makes my wounds hurt...
Are you okay, old dude?
Don't worry about me. More importantly, you should head home.
O-Okay...
The door's opening.
Listen up.
The second we see any part of him, we all fire at once.
We're surrounded.
Wait.
Since I gave you such good advice, you should show me the Hero Guide in return.
You have it, don't you?
I do... but why?
Because I need it.
Okay, I guess.
Here you go.
Hero Guide
So this thing has info on all the heroes, right?
Well, not all of them, but yeah...
I see.
Class A Rank 10 Stinger
Class A Rank 8 Death Gatling
Right out front...
Class B Rank 6 Wildhorn
Class A Rank 27 Smileman
there are four.
Two out back...
Class A Rank 36hhhhhhh hhhhhChain Toad
Class B Rank 21hhhhh hhhhhhhhMegane
Class B Rank 99 Shooter
Class B Rank 43 Blam-Blam
And one to each side...
So a total of eight.
Under normal circumstances, they'd be easy to take care of.
But I'm covered in wounds...
Thankfully, there's actually some useful information in this guide.
There's someone outside, old dude.
Don't talk to me right now.
Tch. There's no time.
Get out here, hero hunter.
I'm sure you know we're here!
Hey, dumb brat, take cover on the floor.
All right, I will.
So don't shoot!
Please, don't shoot the shack.
Cooperating just like that? Are you giving up?
Give me a break.
I just don't want to lose the comfy bed I come back to after I hunt you all down.
You're going to hunt us?
Don't let him rile you up, Wildhorn.
You seemed to be weakened.
We're taking you back to the Association alive.
We're going to make you spill your motives and reveal any co-conspirators.
Spoken like a true hero.
How kind of you not to kill me.
Wow... Heroes!
They're all really awesome ones, too!
Don't assume you're in the clear yet. We're not letting you off the hook.
We'll make you regret calling yourself a monster.
Same goes for you guys.
You'll pay big for calling yourself heroes.
Once I eliminate you guys, I've officially hunted over a hundred heroes!
You're finished!
You're first!
He dodged that midair? Holy crap!
That was close...
That thrust definitely wasn't meant to take me in alive.
Raining arrows?
He figured out my attack even though I'm not that famous...
Those are poisonous arrows... Glad I read the guide.
Why are the heroes attacking him?
He's resisting to the end, despite these odds.
Is that hero hunter just a fool?
Chain Toad,
Tank-Top Master and Metal Bat were both severely injured by him.
Please don't forget how we talked about taking him down.
To never let our guard down. I know that.
I'm not going to show any mercy!
There's no doubt about it.
He's definitely Silverfang's student.
Guess he's not just some idiot.
He's got some crazy instincts.
At mid-range, Chain Toad and Smileman attack endlessly...
Yes! I got him!
But if I move too far away, Shooter and Blam-Blam shoot me.
I guess Death Gatling is the end boss.
Also... what the hell has that guy been doing?
Shooter!
Thanks!
So he's the support?
They've got me marked from all angles.
In that case...
I'll make you my shield!
You won't get away!
Shit!
If I let my guard down any more, he'll shoot me from behind aga
This little shit...
It's also my job to take you down if you try to run.
I won't lose to anyone when it comes to stamina or persistence.
I wonder how long you'll last with those poison arrows in you.
And CQC is their job.
I definitely don't have enough strength to run through all of them right now.
Also, like I could actually dodge bullets, arrows, a chain sickle,
and a kendama in my condition!
This is your last chance to surrender, Garo!
Everyone's Dignity
