Silver Wings
If you believe, your dream will come true.
That's probably true.
UPPER RANK
However, one part is missing.
If you believe and keep working hard,
your dream will come true.
That's the correct one.
But I could go on.
If you believe,
and work hard at it every day, for even an hour longer than all of your rivals,
there's a good chance your dream will come true to some extent.
The shorter version works better as a catchphrase.
IF YOU BELIEVE, YOUR DREAM WILL COME TRUE
But I think that's too abridged.
That way, it sounds like
you don't have to do anything, but just believe and your dream would come true.
I'd like to ask whoever chopped it down to a short length
what they were thinking when they did it.
Hey, Junkei!
What dan are you right now?
Were you a professional now?
Fifth dan.
Huh! Really?
I don't really know what that means, though!
So, do professional shogi players make bank?
But hey, can you like, get famous and be on TV?
Don't they have that on Sunday mornings?
And hurry up and become meijin!
Whenever I go to some kind of gathering,
I'm always asked the same questions.
And I always think these are like...
Huh, so you're a manager! I don't know much about it, though.
So what's a manager's annual salary?
Or forget that, hurry up and become section chief or company director!
All while you're still in your 20s!
It's cooler that way, you know?
SPLOOSH
I'd like to ask them the same kind of boorish questions they ask me.
At first, I would try to explain to them, but that seemed to be a buzzkill,
so I just keep my mouth shut and let it slide.
I realized they didn't really want to know about it,
ALL FOOD ORDERS, 500 YEN FOR TWO HOURS
but only asked me as a stock question, the way you'd say, Nice weather now, isn't it?
It doesn't mean anything.
I'm just here as a foil, as I take the minor stings from their questions.
I just remembered! Junkei, do you still raise pigeons?
What, pigeons?
Oh, that's right! He used to raise them! Racing pigeons!
What the hell? Shogi and pigeons? You're such an enthusiast, Junkei!
I have to go take care of the pigeons.
Man, that Junkei's so amazing.
He's as scary as always.
He's got this strong aura...
He always has been an oddball.
I got into shogi and racing pigeons because of my grandfather, who loved both. He taught me.
With shogi, the more effort you put into it, the better the results.
With pigeons, the more love and care you give them, the more they respond.
I became obsessed with both.
But right now, both of them are slipping through my fingers.
I finally managed to get promoted to C-1,
but then this spring I was downgraded for the second time.
And Silver, my favorite racer, which I'd put my heart into raising,
never came back after the 500 km race in late spring.
Did it fall prey to a falcon? Did it hit a power cable?
Was it because of the weather?
Just imagining it lying wounded and suffering somewhere
was enough to make me feel overcome with grief.
It felt like those dark clouds would swallow up everything.
Trying to predict moves ahead
is like diving to the bottom of a pitch-black sea.
The answer is only found there at the bottom
and as you move forward, the next answer can only be found at an even deeper area.
It used to be that the more I dove, the more answers I would get
and desire would triumph over fear.
But now, six years after I've turned professional,
SHOGI HALL
I feel like I can't make any progress at all.
Even when I dive down and feels like my body is going to be torn apart,
I now mostly come back empty-handed.
Ever since the thought,
I doubt I'll find something, won out over I may find something,
my efforts have been inhibited.
But as if looking at me with disdain,
Kiriyama and Nikaidou plunge back in again like it's nothing.
Over and over.
It's insane.
Even when they come back with nothing again and again,
they keep coming up with new strategies and try them over and over.
Unconcerned with the anguish,
they repeatedly throw themselves in
over and over again.
Terror has won out and left me behind.
SHOGI HALL
I wanted to win, no matter what.
I didn't want to let anyone else have the one title I could still cling to.
I heard he was sick.
But I also knew that his will was much stronger than mine,
and that he was someone who would go much further than me.
That's right. At that moment...
There has been a threefold repetition.
A new game will begin in 30 minutes.
He smiled. I remember that.
And then...
KING
I felt it distinctly.
I wanted to go back to the world they were in, once more.
Silver.
Idiot...
I swear I'll beat you next time.
Okay, it's okay. Good boy.
Here's a special stamina meal.
Fill up, Silver.
You've become as light as paper.
But you'll be all right. I'm with you.
You'll be healthy again in no time.
And then you'll be able to really stretch your wings and fly.
But first I'm going to do my best tomorrow.
12TH LION KING TOURNAMENT Rei Kiriyama 5th-Dan VS Takeshi Tsujii 9th-Dan After 187 moves, Victory for Rei Kiriyama 5th-Dan
Let's make it a race to see who flies first.
Silver Wings
River Scenery
I thought maybe it was a dream.
I was in a strange town, all alone,
and didn't know where I should go.
When I was feeling lonely, and about to cry,
you came running over, out of breath, and with wind-tousled hair,
and stood before me.
SWEET SHOP MITSUYOSHI
Kiriyama.
GLEAM GLEAM
SERIOUS
A-Are you sure about this?
NOD...
Of course.
Please feel free to add any toppings you like.
But we're supposed to be celebrating your Newcomer King title, Kiriyama.
Is it really okay for you to treat us to this...
I promised. So please, order away!
Whoa! O-Okay then, here we go!
I-I'll have mine with syrup-covered bean jam and fruit with extra beans and fresh cream!
I'll have mine with green tea Bavarian cream and sweet red bean paste!
HUFF HUFF
A-Also, double apricots and rice flour dumplings! Three, no, four!
And condensed milk! Condensed milk on top!
A-And another with green tea Bavarian cream, chestnuts, and fresh cream!
And I want apricots too! Oh, and I almost forgot.
On both of those, I'd like two small scoops of vanilla ice cream and sweet red bean ice cream!
That's right, Sis! Thank you! I forgot the ice cream, and that's essential!
Oh, right, what about you, Momo?
The same as Hina!
Fwha-haa!
Then half of that for a kid's version!
Oh dear, I've run out of room.
SHIVER
SHAKE
C-Can you really eat all that?
Oh yeah, Grandpa. Grandpa, what are you going to have?
Me? Let's see here. I'm fine with fried mochi.
Fried mochi?
Three, please.
How about you, Rei? What are you getting?
Uh, maybe I'll have udon.
Never came to a store like this before
UMM
Uh... This mighty udon.
Mighty udon?!
Two...
- Ahh! - Gasp!
Three, please.
And some plates for sharing, please.
I need to take a little break.
This is painful.
I ate so much that I can't move.
My tummy's filled to bursting!
TUG
What should I do? I might not be able to fit into my dress for work tomorrow!
SQUEEZE SQUEEZE
Th-The zipper won't go up!
Hey, Akari! Did you gain weight again?
SHIVER SHIVER
What should I do? Auntie will scold me again.
But I'm happy.
Women are terrifying!
Just how much can they put away?
They kept piling on the extra ingredients.
In the end, there was enough to fill a wash basin.
FULLY-LOADED
I think they had different dishes than all the other customers.
Yes...
I think they might have used plates that are normally for chilled Chinese noodles.
G-Grandpa, this is your fault.
URGH
B-Because you ordered fried mochi.
You too, Kiriyama, because you ordered mighty udon.
IT HURTS
It hurts!
WHAT
Why? It's my fault?
M-Me too? Why?
Think about it!
Something sweet! Something salty!
Sweet! Salty! And sweet, and salty!
It was that demonic loop!
And then, after our tummies were chilled from the ice cream,
we warmed them up with the mighty udon.
So, cold, hot, cold, hot! It just went back and forth, back and forth!
Is this an auditory hallucination?
I'm getting a flashback of Grandma and Mikako saying something like it.
If the taste keeps changing, I can't stop eating! How could you?
Yes. I've heard something like that before too.
Hina, I have to go pee-pee!
Geez, this is why I told you to go when we were in the restaurant!
GEEZ
OH NO
Pick me up! I can't walk!
STAGGER STAGGER
H-Hold on a second. I'm sorry, Momo.
PANT PANT
If I exert any strength now, I think my belly will burst.
That's how much of an emergency this is.
Do you understand, Momo?
Then I'll carry her.
Really? I'm sorry, Kiriyama.
I can't hold it!
What, really?
Momo, we're almost home!
Want me to run?
Then I-I'll run too.
FULL STOMACH
STAGGER STAGGER
Momo, can you hold on?
- Do you want to use the bathroom in the park? - No! I want to go home!
Okay, okay.
You're scared of the park bathroom, huh?
That's mean, Hina!
Let's hurry home.
Grandpa.
Yeah?
Thank goodness.
Hina is smiling.
Yeah. That's thanks to the kid.
I'm home! Grandpa! Sis!
Listen to this, it's amazing! What do you think it is?
Kiriyama came to see me!
In Kyoto!
What, seriously?
So I was in Kamogawa and that's where he showed up.
What?
And he gave me medicine and pudding!
No way!
Isn't that incredible? He found me!
Just by knowing when I had free time and the location!
We didn't even plan to meet up!
This is no good.
It's making me dizzy.
HNNG
DIZZY DIZZY
Then, let's not.
You don't have to do it.
Yeah.
With that jacket on, I don't think anyone will recognize you if they're just walking by.
Right.
Even though it's called free time,
I think they frown upon spending it with students from other schools.
How's your stomach? Does it hurt?
No, it's fine now.
But I couldn't eat.
I see.
I thought that might be the case,
so I bought some things at the station.
I've got pudding, peach jelly, apple juice, castella...
Do you think you can have any of these?
PEACH JELLY PUDDING
APPLE JUICE CASTELLA
Then... the pudding.
Okay.
Spoon, spoon...
It's good.
You're supposed to take this medicine between meals,
so you should take it after you're done sightseeing at the next place, Ginkakuji.
How did you know the next place is Ginkakuji?
What? It said on your trip itinerary.
But you only saw it for a moment.
A moment is enough for me to remember.
Professional shogi players have remarkable memories.
I was on a river bank in an unfamiliar town,
but just Rei sitting by my side...
And the medicine was really effective!
I was able to eat dinner afterwards.
Oh, that's right! Rei, how did your match go?
Oh, I won.
You won? Really? That's amazing! So you're the Newcomer King?
Yeah, I'm the Newcomer King.
I was relaxed, like I was in a familiar place.
I see.
The medicine worked, huh?
Oh, I shouldn't have run after all.
I'm happy for you, Hina.
It's not good to run on a full stomach.
Rei, my stomach hurts.
You ate too much.
Come on, Momo, we're almost there. Hang on!
River Scenery
Next Episode Preview
Episode 33
A toast to Kiriyama, for winning the title of Newcomer King.
Cheers!
A match to celebrate?
With Meijin Souya?
We're going to make it big and grand! Like boom-bam!
But what should we do about this year's Kishou Championship?
ILLUSTRATION: HITOSHI IWAAKI
Don't miss the next episode!
Everyone watch out for that demonic loop!
- Sweet! - Salty!
And then sweet again.
