Hey, all you viewers out there!
When you're watching Fairy Tail keep the room nice and bright,
and sit back from the screen, okay?
Previously on Fairy Tail!
Is Gray crying?
Gray's teacher, Ul, turned her own body into the ice that sealed Deliora.
He defeated his fellow student, Lyon, who was plotting on resurrecting the demon, but...
Deliora's been resurrected!
That's right, we can do it!
Let's go for even more who-knows-what!!
The door to mystery is right in front of us
The whole world's a wonderland
which we're already wondering!!!
This excitement gets my heart racing
It's wonderful!
Who am I, I wonder?
What is real, I wonder?
Why can't I see tomorrow, I wonder?
The only part leveling up is my curiosity
We can't just throw away our daily life together, right?
Tell me! S. O. W.
Living itself will be our training!
So, we can make it!
Let's search for even more who-knows-what!
We can't be satisfied with just the normal answers
This magical wonder life
Our future is wondering!!!
We'll do our best living our life
the way we want to!
Let's wondering!!!
Finally, the time has come!
What the heck was that voice just now?
Or wait, was that even a voice?
Maybe it was your stomach growling, Lucy.
Even when I know you're joking, it still ticks me off.
Maybe it was this Deliora we're dealing with?
Wait, you don't mean...
That light! It's the Moon Drip!
There it is again.
Lucy, you really should eat something.
How about I feed you to a rat?
Deliora may be able to roar, but the Moon Drip ceremony continues.
Which means its resurrection isn't yet complete.
Come with me!
But Deliora's below us.
If we can break up the ceremony we can still halt the progress!
Hurry!
Burst!
Damn it!
I ain't got time to waste...
I'll finish you off quick!
I can manipulate this as well, my little Salamander...
Just try me!
It fixed itself again!
I can control the time of objects.
In other words, I can return the crystal to a time before it was broken.
Time? I can't believe that.
Time Ark is a magic that has been erased from history.
In other words, it's one of the Lost Magics.
Next, shall I progress the crystal's time into the future?
It won't work.
It stopped!
I can also stop its time, see.
But it looks like it won't work on humans.
Well, don't you have the sharp eyes?
It is accurate to say that it will not work on living creatures.
That is exactly why I cannot simply reverse time on the ice that is Ul.
Honestly, I don't get you.
So you're going to resurrect this thing only to let Lyon defeat it.
Lyon might be happy with that, but what's in it for his friends?
Who knows?
I only joined them all quite recently.
Then what about you?
What are you really after?
Oh my... I can't slip anything by you, can I?
Reitei-sama... Or rather that spoiled brat could never defeat Deliora in the first place!
Wait, that's really dangerous!
So you'd defeat it yourself?
Of course not.
I want to make it mine.
There exist techniques to control even immortal beasts.
It would be incredible for me to control such awesome power, do you not think?
How stupid. Sorry I asked.
I wanted it to be a plan that's gonna get me really fired up to stop!
You still do not understand.
There will always come a time when one needs power.
And when that time comes, I'll believe in my own power, and the power of my friends...
The wizards of Fairy Tail!
That ego will lead to your destruction...
Ceiling, speed your time and crumble!
Each and every one of you are screwin' up this island for your own stupid reasons!
And I'm not gonna take it anymore!
Can those wild flames capture my Time Ark?
Time Ark, Time Pork, whatever!
Get the hell off this island!
Oh yeah, I can manipulate time, too.
The future!
One second from now I'm gonna blow you away!
All right, now the Moon Drip will stop!
Wow, he was doing it himself.
Too late! The ceremony's already over!
Oh, no...
Oh, my... Something truly fearsome has begun...
Chief, let's escape...
No! No matter what happens, I will not leave this island!
Gray!
You're here?
Natsu!
We've got no choice now.
Let's destroy that thing!
It's impossible for you!
I will... defeat it...
Lyon...
In order to surpass Ul, I will be the one!
Looks way more impossible for you.
Stand back already!
Finally, we meet again... Deliora!
The most powerful wizard?
Around here that'd be Ul.
Some years ago she secluded herself in the mountains in shock after she lost her daughter.
After that, no wizard's come close to Ul around here.
Ul, huh? I wonder if she'll take me on as an apprentice?
The one monster that Ul was not able to defeat...
I will... defeat it... with my own two hands!
You just picked up that brat, and now he's your apprentice? How could you?
He said he wanted to learn magic.
Is it such a big deal?
Aren't I enough as a replacement for your child?
Lyon. I have never thought of you as a replacement for my daughter, not even once.
You are you. My beloved apprentice.
I am... going to... surpass you!
Enough, Lyon.
Leave the rest to me.
I will seal Deliora!
Iced Shell!
Don't do it, Gray!
Do you know how long it took to melt that ice?
You're just repeating history!
One day I'll melt it and challenge it again!
This is the only way.
Right now, this is the one thing that can stop it!
Natsu!
I'll fight it.
Move, Natsu!
Don't get in my way!
I stopped you before'cause I didn't want you to die.
Maybe I didn't get through to you?
If you're gonna use that magic, then do it.
Natsu...
It's so loud! My eardrums are gonna burst!
Dodge it!
I'm not gonna give up'till the end!
What? That wasn't me...
Y-You're kidding me...
It can't be... No way!
Deliora was already dead...
Look at that.
That's...
For 10 years, its life force has been sapped by Ul's ice...
All we saw was its last moment...
I can't compare... I can never surpass Ul!
Your teacher is pretty amazing.
I will seal your darkness.
Thank you very much... Teacher...
Ul's ice was melted into water and flowed into the sea.
Even so, Ul is still alive.
That's what Gray said.
I think so as well.
Ul will watch over her two students from the ocean, forever.
She's telling them, don't fight any longer.
Oh yeah, it's finished!
Aye, sir!
Really, I wasn't sure what was gonna happen there for a bit.
But Ul's really quite amazing!
Now we all managed to finish an S class quest!
Yippee!
Do you think we can go up to the second floor now?
Oh, crap! We're gonna be punished!
Before that, you have something to do, remember?
Wasn't the real point of this job to save the villagers who have been turned into demons?
The S class quest is not over yet.
But Deliora's dead, so won't this stop the curse?
No. The source of that curse was not Deliora.
The tremendous magical power of the Moon Drip has caused disaster to befall the people.
The fact that Deliora has now crumbled would not have improved the situation.
Oh, no...
Then we'll hurry up and cure'em!
Aye, sir!
How should we do that?
Hey, Lyon!
Let me tell you: I have no idea.
Say what?
What!
Wait, if you guys don't know, how else are we going to...
Three years ago when we came here, we knew there was a village on this island.
But we did not interfere with the villagers.
And they never came to see us even once.
Three years... Not once?
And wait, the Moon Drip would have landed on the ruins every night.
So it's really strange that they'd never come to investigate.
And there remain a number of questions about the effect the Moon Drip has on people's bodies.
Wait... Are you trying to say that it's not your fault?
Think about it. We've been under the same light for 3 years.
That's true! You're right!
Be careful. They're hiding something.
Well, anyway this is a job for you guild people.
Oh, I don't think so!
You're the one who destroyed the...
That's enough.
Sherry, and all the others are people who had their families taken from them by Deliora.
And that's why we all cooperated with Lyon.
We thought that if it's Lyon, he'd be able to defeat Deliora.
He would finally be able to get revenge for us.
They have their own version of justice.
There's no need to criticize what they did in the past.
Let's go.
Go? But how are we going to lift the curse?
Who knows...
What are you looking at?
Go join a guild somewhere.
You'll gain friends and rivals, and I know you'll find a new reason to live.
Pointless... Just go already!
Huh? It's deserted.
So everyone was here?
Because the village is gone.
But, why did everyone vanish?
Hey!
Anyway, I'm gonna get some medicine.
You've all returned? There's a problem.
Please, hurry to the village!
What's this?
I thought the village was all messed up yesterday!
It's back the way it was. How the heck?
Almost as if time has been reversed...
It's all fixed up now, so it'd be better for you not to touch it.
Say what?!
What's that supposed to mean?!
Exactly what I said.
Wait, time?
Was it him? Couldn't be...
Maybe he had a change of heart?
Whatever!
Aye, sir!
Huh, you okay with that?
Oh yeah, our bags!
I see Bobo's grave is back to normal too.
Thank goodness.
It was you all who returned the village to normal, yes?
Um, that's not...
I do appreciate it.
However, Wizards! How long exactly until you destroy the moon, huh?
Destroying the moon will be a simple task.
Hey, did she just say that with a straight face?
Aye... Well, that's Erza for you.
However, I have something I want to clarify first.
Will you gather everyone?
Let us review.
You all appeared in these forms after the moon turned purple.
Correct?
To be precice, it's only when that moon comes out do we look like this.
And considering what we've heard, this has been happening for the past 3 years, yes?
Yes. It has probably been that long.
However the Moon Drip has occurred on this island every night for those past three years.
You should have been able to see the light falling on the ruins every day.
Kya!
The pitfall was also resurrected!
She just said Kya!
That was really cute.
This is not my fault! This is not my fault!
Therefore, was it not the most suspicious place on this island?
She's acting like nothing happened.
She's tough...
I don't understand why you never investigated.
It is tradition in this village never to go near those ruins.
But this is no time to be bound by traditions.
You've had victims, and just look at the amount of the reward for the guild...
Will you please tell us the truth?
W-We don't really understand ourselves.
In truth we've tried to investigate those ruins many times.
We never use weapons, but we took them up, I trimmed my sideburns perfectly,
and we all headed toward those ruins...
But we couldn't get near.
As we walked toward the ruins, before we knew it we were back at the village gate!
We cannot come close to those ruins!
What does it mean? You can't get near them?
We all went inside them, no problem.
We didn't tell you because we thought you wouldn't believe us.
But it's the truth. Now matter how many times we tried to go there...
I thought so.
As expected from Titania.
She's already figured out the trick.
Natsu.
Come with me.
We're going to destroy the moon!
Merry-go-round
I greet the morning,
chasing after your profile left only in my revolving dreams
You said, I never want to see your face again, when you left me
But the tears on your cheek said it all
Every time you felt like you'd be swallowed up in the waves of contradiction
you always held back your tears, you know?
What a strong person, they said, but everyone overestimated you
and before you knew it you lost sight of who you really are
Then the sun I thought would always be near me collapsed
and the light shut off...
Rubbing out the truths and the lies of one day, altogether
Merry-go-round
I greet the morning,
still, ironically, chasing after your profile in my revolving dreams
Professor Happy's Fairy Tail Lectures!
Today we're going to tell you the secrets behind Celestial Spirit Wizards!
Celestial Spirits can be called by the wizard as many times as their mutual trust permits.
And they say the stronger the wizard's magical power, the stronger the Celestial Spirits become!
Please look forward to new Celestial Spirits showing up!
Until next time!
Stand, Bow, Aye!
Natsu, did you know that there're cats in the moon?
Wait, if you're talking about the moon, you mean rabbits, right?
No... There's no way that rabbits would be so far away.
And there's no grass or anything.
I don't think there are any fish on the moon either, you know.
Next time: Reach it! To that Sky!
Then what do the moon cats eat?
I'm sayin' there ain't no cats!
Aww... I wanted to try eating a moon fish...
