Lady Marrine.
I've received word that Sayid, the King of Dartania, has died,
and his son, Milza, has succeeded him.
Meaning Lord Milza has kept his vow.
Let's begin!
As you wish.
Just as you predicted, Lady Zelma! The Waldlind forces are on the attack!
We've already summoned Mist, and hid the roads leading to the village.
That should be good enough.
Since all we need is for Waldlind to head straight for that boy's castle.
Our job is to be Wolf Stalkers.
Stay on their tails and never take your eyes off them!
Even if they let their guard down, don't assault them, no matter what.
Go!
Zeed, Flint...
From here on out, I'm counting on you to look after everyone.
What's this all of a sudden?
I'll be setting off in search of Dimitrie.
Brother...
It's been seven days since my cousin breached our borders by crossing the Dornir River,
but after establishing her stronghold, she hasn't budged.
I don't know what her next move might be,
but I will request aid from Lord Selge of Regalia, and Solon, King of Kilhis.
As for Edokia, Queen of Halan, I'll ask for her to send the Palace of the Sea.
Right.
Also...
Regarding Lord Lassic, who now rules Sievis and Forbes,
Give him my order to invade Ozerl.
Being constantly attacked has to be irritating.
Let's give him a chance to wreak as much havoc as he wants.
What would you like to do about Theo Cornaro of the Forest of Eternal Darkness?
The Bultava forces are heading towards Theo's castle.
Tell him my order is to join the battle there.
Understood.
I'm taking just the cavalry for now, and heading to Brother Villar.
Igor, take charge of the infantry, and catch up with us later.
Please hold a moment, Brother!
You can't help Lord Villar with just the cavalry in tow!
Be patient for now, wait for Lord Solon's army,
then proceed after bolstering your forces
Never knowing what might happen is what war is all about!
If anything should happen to Brother Villar,
Regalia... rather, the entire Union will be wiped out!
I'm going now!
Full speed to Altirk!
Brother...
I've been left behind.
What are you doing, Ellet?
Aren't you my brother's contracted mage?
Indeed, I am, but...
Lord Selge never listens to a word I say.
Brother is just too terrified at the prospect of losing Lord Villar.
Well, Lord Selge does worship the ground Lord Villar walks on.
No wonder he can't keep his head.
I'm sure he'll make some kind of trouble.
If you think so, why don't you go after him right now?
Oh, I think I will.
After all, if anything happens to Lord Selge,
I'll have to look for a new contractor.
Edokia.
What is it?
We've received a request for aid from Lord Villar, the Earl of Altirk.
He's asking us to send our naval forces.
Our naval forces?
It's all right to send the palace, yes?
Not like our navy boasts any other warships...
That's because we only need the one ship.
It's just for bombarding the enemy fleet.
Right, Joachim?
Leave it to me.
I'll be taking part as well. Along with all my beloved men!
I'm leaving you in charge while I'm gone.
Understood.
Gentlemen!
We're heading to Altirk to help Lord Villar out of the dire straits he has found himself in.
Now! Raise your goblets!
This ale will invigorate us on the battlefield,
and give us a pleasant rush of adrenaline and courage!
You'll all be playing leading roles in this war, with zero chance you'll die!
Lord Solon!
What if I do happen to die?
Then you were no more than a bit player. So give it up!
Now, bottoms up, men! Then don your masks!
The role you play is that of the Invincible Hero!
No arrow on earth, nor any blade shall harm you!
Will this battle turn out to be a comedy or a tragedy?
Let the curtain rise!
Let the curtain rise!
The Bultava forces are five thousand strong.
We have a team of Artists on our side, but only two hundred.
We're recruiting soldiers from the Forest of Eternal Darkness, but...
I don't know how many will join.
Neither do I.
Holing up might be better...
We can't turn this place into a battlefield.
Understood.
All right, let's mobilize.
Before the Bultava forces enter the forest.
Come on, let's go!
Lord Villar!
We've received word that a fleet is approaching from the southeastern seas.
A fleet?
Can you tell whose fleet it is?
It appears to be from Dartania...
Does this mean Prince Milza is coming to offer his aid?
It's a little too early for that...
Tell the admiral to be on alert.
Right.
Also, Colleen...
Wh-What is it, sir?
Just in case, prepare the Mirror, will you?
U-Understood, sir!
I'm heading down to the docks.
Margaret!
So it's you, after all.
I've missed you so much!
Milza has defected to the Alliance.
When his father, Sayid, protested,
he murdered him and killed every subordinate who resisted.
What?
Looks like Lord Milza has forsaken me.
So that cousin of mine has been waiting for Lord Milza's arrival.
However, I won't relinquish my Crest...
Not without a fight.
Milza! Stop!
My father, Sayid Kuches. Lounging complacently on a throne.
Such a man who lacks foresight...
If you lack ambition, then be gone!
They've got some nerve.
I don't care if the oars snap in two, get closer to the enemy ship!
A Dartanian ship is approaching at top speed!
That's... Milza Kuches!
Everyone! Abandon ship!
You're deserting your own ship?
If it means taking you with me,
I won't shed a tear over sinking this ship.
Impressive call.
But I don't intend to die in a place like this.
Now, then!
Going on the defensive to buy time...
You Altirk Lords all fight the same way!
Just as... expected...
The time has come.
Our allies are retreating from the southwest.
Cover them by assaulting their pursuers.
Understood!
P-Please, burn.
Where'd that come from?
I-I'm so sorry...
The enemy is now disoriented.
Surround and annihilate them!
Now that I've made it my enemy, Altirk is more formidable than I thought.
Back to the battlefield. Pursue the Altirk ships!
Yes, sir!
Villar...
Accept your fate and perish!
Milza, eh?
He's a man who can change the tide of war all on his own.
Not that I wasn't aware of it.
But by the same token, we only need to defeat Milza.
Once he's out of the picture, Dartania will surely ally itself with us again.
Next time he appears on the battlefield, so too shall I.
For I cannot stomach the thought of losing my valued men to Milza alone.
When that time comes, please allow me to accompany you.
Whether it be ship or man, I shall burn it to the ground with hellfire!
Is Dartania not the country where you were born?
That man annihilated my clan.
And I am no longer a member of the Mage Academy.
I am free to fight as I wish.
That so?
Compared to when we left the castle, we now have twice as many soldiers.
Taking our recruiting efforts into account, who knew that we'd muster this many...
Does this mean you're actually beloved, Lord Theo?
No, you saw it yourself.
I speak to them, and it's like I don't even exist.
It really stung, making me feel like an eyesore.
I never paid any attention to them, but not so for Lord Theo.
Perhaps simply watching over them is one way to rule.
Currently, we have the upper hand in this battle.
Haman's colossal ship, the Palace of the Sea, should be here by tomorrow.
Looks like Waldlind stood pat until the end.
I wonder why?
I have no idea.
But all the same, we need to take every measure we can.
Fire away, if you please!
Leave it to me!
Don't panic! We won't get hit that easily!
First volley, ready...
Fire!
Damn!
All ships, take the smaller boats ashore. Take as many troops and cargo as you can!
All that's left is the Earl of Regalia! Find him!
How did it come to this?
It's all because you got ahead of yourself.
I'm begging you! Get me out of this!
Well, I did just request backup from Lord Solon.
But we're surrounded on all sides by the Waldlind forces.
I'm not sure if they'll come or not...
Enemy forces spotted!
Hey, they really came!
Lord Solon!
Earl of Regalia! So glad to see you safe!
Lord Solon...
- Get these two horses. - Yes, sir!
I appreciate this.
Well, as someone greatly indebted to Lord Villar,
I can't let him lose his younger brother in a place like this.
Now, please escape!
The Earl of Regalia has fled.
We're currently fighting the Theater King of Kilhis, who's come to his aid.
He's a formidable opponent.
We have no choice, then.
Cut off the Kilhis army's retreat. Defeat them no matter what it takes!
My name is Solon!
Meeting the renowned Waldlind forces in battle brings me the sweetest joy!
I come to fight with good grace!
Surround the Kilhis forces on both sides!
The Kilhis army is putting up fierce resistance, and the battle is deadlocked!
Send in reinforcements. Concentrate our forces!
So the famed knights-at-arms are joining the fray?
We're surrounded on all sides. There's no way to escape.
While I don't have the stamina to flee, I do have the stamina to fight!
Everyone, huddle up!
Allow me to report.
Regarding the battle against the Kilhis forces...
It was decided just a moment ago.
Although our forces suffered heavy casualties...
Thanks to the efforts of the knights-at-arms, the Kilhis army has been wiped out.
You are true heroes...
Break from the constraints of this imperfect world...
And let us journey to an ideal world together!
Word is that Solon, the King of Kilhis, has also been eliminated!
And now, my life... comes to a close...
BLADE OF BETRAYAL
Lord Solon is...
Lord Lassic has driven the Ozerl forces to surrender,
and Lord Theo has repulsed the Bultava army.
I expected no less of Lord Lassic, but Lord Theo continues to surprise.
How on earth did he drive back Bultava with such a small force?
What are your orders for them?
Well, then, let's have them invade their respective enemy territories.
Now that they've lost both Ozerl and Bultava as domains...
Waldlind has no other choice but to attack Altirk.
Their assault is sure to be fierce.
Even if they should breach the castle gates, we have the sea on our side.
Right now, we've got to ride out this crisis...
EPISODE 11: THE FALL OF CASTLE UNICORN
