Good evening!
We come to you from the Order of the Crest! I'm Priestess Priscilla Farnese!
We're good, thanks.
Oh, wait a minute, please!
The same last name as the former pope. Is that the Farnese Crest?
No way, right?
I wish to support Lord Theo in his divine battle to subdue the Chaos.
Please leave now.
Company? Are you letting them in?
It's a priestess from the Order of the Crest.
But they appear to have many followers.
And I hear they go around healing wounds and illness.
Rumor has it that you've been trying to confiscate Crests.
A Crest is the manifestation of its Lord's will.
Not something granted by this so-called god you created!
So you're a mage, I see!
A slave to the villainous demon who controls the Chaos!
It's far more villainous to manipulate human souls with your sketchy teachings!
- Make yourselves - Oh, let them stay.
They take care of my people, too, after all.
Lord Theo!
So you're Lord Theo!
I'm Priscilla, a priestess of the Order of the Crest.
I look forward to getting to know you!
Nice to meet you.
That was a huge win for us today!
I'd say we've got the pick of the free Lords around here,
either to defeat or join our side!
Getting the local aristocrat, Sir Neyman, to submit to us was a real coup.
Meaning that western Savis is now ours!
It won't be long before you're crowned King of Savis, right?
Lord Theo's goal is not to expand his territories.
- Huh? - Lord Theo is from Systina.
He strives to defeat Systina's Lord, Viscount Rossini, and to save his people.
But that island belongs to the Union.
If we take out Rossini, would that make it difficult to maintain status in the Union?
Yes.
For that reason, he'll first have to switch to the Alliance eventually.
Afterwards, he'll make his return to Systina, and take on Viscount Rossini.
That's the first I've heard of this plan.
Please forgive me.
I was planning to propose it to you when the possibility became more realistic.
And now I have a recommendation for you, Lord Theo.
What is it?
Lord Theo, as you're a Baron now...
let's choose a family name for you.
Family name?
Yes.
From here on in, Lord Theo, I'd like you to call yourself Cornaro.
Cornaro?
Who's this Cornaro?
It's the family name of a hero of Systina.
One who unified the island, and brought the magical borders under control,
only to be betrayed by the Rossinis, and struck down before completing his work.
I see!
It's clear why anyone from Systina would want to take him out.
So he's gonna proclaim himself a descendant of that hero?
Which will raise the people's hopes for their hero's return, eh?
You weren't kidding when you said you'd stop at nothing.
I'm not being rash.
I wouldn't want to tarnish your name in any way, Lord Theo.
But now I know what you've got in mind, and I like it.
Especially the part about taking on that Rossini guy!
Well then, let's begin laying the groundwork for your transfer to the Alliance.
Moreno.
I'd like you to negotiate with Viscount Naville, the King of Savis.
Negotiate?
To switch sides to the Alliance,
Lord Theo will need to go bearing the gift of his current territories.
So I want you to get the King of Savis to recognize Lord Theo's independence.
Since Viscount Naville is itching to rule over all of Savis,
announcing our independence is not going to sit well with him.
I have the utmost faith in your abilities!
So, Viscount Shakes, the King of Clovis, has agreed to our secret pact?
So long as Lord Theo stays out of his lands,
he'll recognize his court rank and independence.
Thank goodness.
Thank you very much, Sir Sartorus.
Aren't you overstepping a bit, though?
Huh?
Even though you've been viciously defeating the opposition,
I've heard no mention of Lord Theo's name.
On the contrary,
I've heard rumors that your Lord is just decoration, while you're the real mastermind.
No way...
But I'm only thinking of Lord Theo.
I'm not doubting your loyalty.
But don't you think you might be ignoring Lord Theo's wishes?
Well, I...
Who's there?
It's Siluca.
Is it something urgent?
No, I wouldn't say that, but...
Um...
Sorry to interrupt you two.
What is it?
I've been informed that a Chaos Disaster has occurred in the castle town.
- Let's go! - R-Right!
What happened?
The coal suddenly exploded.
Damn Chaos!
- Out of the way! - Wounded coming through!
Boss!
I'll tend to him!
This is going to hurt, but please bear with me.
Follow me! We'll put out that fire!
This should help a little...
This feeling...
Siluca!
What is that thing?
A Salamander from Aether?
Is that a Chaos demon?
Yes. And it's extremely dangerous.
Then I'm taking it out!
You mustn't, Lord Theo!
Slashing at a projection from Aether with a sword...
Is he an idiot or what?
Lord Theo! Please get away!
Aishela, draw him towards you for now!
Leave it to me!
Lord Theo, Irvin, help the townspeople evacuate.
Got it!
As for the boss...
Allow me to heal him.
Do you have the ability to?
Please leave it to me.
A Crest?
It's all right. Please stay with me.
I'm counting on you.
I'll take out the demon.
Water flows from up high to low depths.
Yet at times, its course is reversed,
and it becomes a towering wall of water...
Climb!
Siluca!
Siluca!
Engulf!
Oh no!
Siluca!
Thank goodness! You're finally awake!
How long have I been asleep?
It's already noon!
Where's Lord Theo?
He's been dealing with the aftermath of the fire since last night.
Oh, no! I need to be there, too!
Lord Theo!
See you, then.
Are you feeling well now?
Yes. Thanks to you.
Those wounds...
You need to have them looked at right away!
Forgive me for leaving the cleanup to you.
Also... um...
Thank you so much for protecting me.
I'm glad you didn't get hurt.
Yes.
Concerning Clovis, I hear everything went according to your plan.
Well, Sir Sartorus gave me a talking-to for ignoring your wishes.
But I'm grateful for what you're doing.
If I hadn't met you, it never would've occurred to me to defeat Rossini.
But you showed me the way.
And now, I'm sure it's exactly what I want to do.
One day, I'm going to lead my forces and arrive on Systina.
Assuming the family name Cornaro.
Right!
That said, there are still many trials and tribulations ahead.
We'll also be negotiating with the Mage Leader of the Kreische family, who head the Alliance.
Who is he?
Mage Leader Aubeste.
My mentor, as well as adoptive father.
Adoptive father?
Children with magical potential are taken from their biological parents at a young age,
and raised by a mage serving as their adoptive father.
I see.
Then sending his daughter to negotiate shouldn't pose a problem, right?
I certainly hope not...
I'll leave it to you.
You can't just leave it to me, that won't do!
Because from here on in, I'm going to consult you on everything first.
I'm not sure that I'll be worthy of your consultation, though.
I'll see to it that you are!
Well, the negotiations were a bust.
The King of Savis ended up declaring that he'd settle it on the battlefield.
You wouldn't believe how furious he was!
All territories in this nation belong to me,
and I can't recognize anyone's independence, he said.
He said that, did he?
In so many words.
We don't have much time.
Let's write to the free Lords and ask them to ally with us, right away!
We won't stand a chance if no one shows, huh?
If it comes to that, I'll charge the enemy lines alone.
That way, your lives will be saved.
Charging solo into enemy lines?
I can't let my Lord be the only one having such fun!
I, too, am fully prepared.
After all, Lord Theo, you spared my life in our recent battle.
Sir Neyman...
Sir Lassic...
Thank you.
If they read our letters, and realize the king's desires...
I'm sure the free Lords of Savis will take our side.
Yeah, but recall on the way over here, the Lords did let us pass,
but they didn't offer any troops.
The fact we were allowed to pass shows they have affinity for us.
So now, as long as even one makes a move...
Please, somebody come.
That's...
Is that you, Boss? What are you doing here?
It was Lord Theo and you, Lady Siluca, who saved our town.
I can't just look away during your own crisis.
I'm glad you all feel that way.
But this battle's going to be very intense.
Of course, we're ready to lay down our lives!
But it's my duty as a Lord to protect my people's lives.
Not make you lay them down!
Excuse me, my Lord,
but I believe it's also your duty as a Lord to fulfill your people's wishes.
Fulfill their wishes...
Please, raise your flag, Lord Theo, and grant your people its divine blessing.
So you won't lose what you truly wish to protect.
What I truly wish to protect...
Homeland. Family.
Unflinching courage against formidable foes, when fighting for those very things.
Trust that breeds unswerving solidarity.
Patience to not give up until the bitter end.
This is the Patriot's Flag!
I'll be responsible for all your lives!
Let's fight together!
So this is Lord Theo's flag, huh?
Our allies are sure to come.
Since these people have come, it is certain to create a massive wave.
I feel the same way.
I'll show you all!
All forces, charge!
Do not fear! Follow me!
Peter's squad, spreading out!
Allow me to guide you...
to the afterlife!
Flash of Light!
We'll pulverize their flank!
Now! Cut into them!
Let's go!
Surge forth!
Stand your ground! Head for the main unit!
They're so pesky.
You men head out! Get them in one fell swoop!
Yes, sir! Count on us!
Reinforcements?
The free Lords have allied with Lord Theo!
What?
King of Savis!
We've heard all about your ulterior motives!
If you think you can subjugate our Crests, let's see you try!
Lord Naville!
It's futile. Please withdraw for now.
Elude!
Lord Theo!
The backup forces from the free Lords have arrived!
Now! All forces, charge!
Follow me!
You bastard! I swear I'll get you for this humiliation!
Did we... win?
Yes, it's a victory.
Lord Theo, you've defeated the King of Savis.
So magnificent!
Lord Theo must join the Order of the Crest, no matter what it takes!
Now, if only I can see eye to eye with Valdrind...
It's been a long time, Siluca Meletes.
I had a narrow escape in Aram, thanks to you.
I am truly sorry that I wasn't able to save both archdukes, Lady Marrine.
I know you only had an instant, but surely there was a better method?
It's been a long time, Father.
I will remind you that I am now the Mage Leader of Valdrind's Margrave.
My apologies, sir.
I've already explained my purpose here in the letter I sent in advance.
My Lord, Viscount Theo Cornaro, has conquered the entire Savis region.
Therefore, he wishes to join the Factory Alliance.
And pledge allegiance to me?
Yes.
My Lord intends to do everything in his power to aid you, Lady Marrine Kreische,
in your conquest of the continent.
I understand what it is you're proposing.
Please allow me some time to consider it.
Understood, my Lady.
BATTLE FLAG
EPISODE 4: DECISION
