Move!
Jackasses!
Give me back Wendy and the others!
What is he?!
That crazy bastard is scary!
Who gave you the order?!
We're done for!
We just took the job!
F-From somebody in Raven Tail!
We were told to get the girl who was in the infirmary.
Good work.
We'll take care of them.
Raven Tail...
The girl... who was in the infirmary...
Past tense?
There was one there.
Natsu carried her in.
You don't mean...
Lucy!
Their cover isn't blown?
No, sir. They believe their client is Raven Tail.
We need to keep using the discord between Fairy Tail and Raven Tail like this.
And while they're busy feuding, we'll grab a Celestial Spirit Wizard...
Hello, hello!
I'm Mato-kun, the official mascot of the Grand Magic Games as well as a judge!
Kabo!
Two days of the tournament are finished, and day three is here at last,
but Sabertooth, the favorite to win, is in a surprising second place...
Yeah, yeah. Listen, the tournament's just begun.
From here on out, you'll see the strength of our guild with your own eyes!
Fro thinks so, too!
Excuse me... You shouldn't be here-kabo! This is my segment!
Pretty full of yourself for a pumpkin...
His feet stink!
Saber isn't the only guild people should keep an eye on!
Kagura had an awesome match too, didn't she?
Yukino-kun aside, we've got Sting-kun and a mess of other strong dudes!
You better not underestimate Mermaid!
Come on, both of you, calm down...
This segment is supposed to be used to tell everyone about the tournament!
Fro thinks so, too!
Ahem. Let's get back on track-kabo.
You can see for yourself the results of the second day.
Quatro Cerberus's name has changed, huh?
Quatro Puppy!
Mermaid Heel has risen to 4th place!
As always, the Fairy Tail teams are battling it out for last place!
However! Nobody knows what could happen to shake up the standings!
That's the essence of the Grand Magic Games-kabo!
Fro thinks so, too!
And so, everyone, stay tuned for the third day of the tournament!
You better not underestimate the Grand Magic Games!
Grudges Are Wrapped in the Silence of the Night!
Throw away everything.
Yes. I will do exactly as you say.
Yukino...
Please be quiet, Frosch.
Erase your guild emblem.
Yes, sir.
I wasn't here long, but thank you for everything.
Get out of my sight, trash.
Our master sure does go to extremes, y'know?
It couldn't be helped. This is why we're the strongest guild.
Fro is sad...
Is this what a guild is?
Yukino was a comrade.
She's gone'cause she's weak.
The strongest guild didn't need her, right?
Come to think of it, I hear the lady is replacing Yukino-san.
Oh! Now that's what I call the strongest five members!
Rogue...
Fro is weak. Is Fro gonna disappear too?
You're not going to disappear, Frosch.
Because I'm with you.
Right! Fro's not gonna disappear!
Man, what a meal!
You eat too much.
I'm stuffed, too.
Is the inn around here?
Yep! We're almost there.
Is everyone staying in the same room?
Yeah, and it sucks!
Natsu snores, Gray strips first chance he gets, Erza crawls into my bed...
That reminds me, where are Gray and Erza?
Poor Gray...
It looks like he got caught by a party-crashing Lyon.
Tonight, let's finally make everything crystal clear!
Juvia wants to make everything clear, too!
What about Erza?
Come to think of it, I haven't seen her.
Maybe she's smooch-smooch-smoochin'!
She did say she wanted to spend a little time alone.
I doubt she's alone!
Somebody's in front of the inn.
You're right. Who is it?
You guys have good eyes...
You're...
I found you at last!
Who are you?!
Feelin' spiffy?!
Er-chan, long time no see!
Millianna!
I missed you!
Millianna!
Actually, I thought I'd surprise you by revealing my identity when we won the tournament,
but I just couldn't wait that long to see you, Er-chan!
Good grief...
Anyway, that Kagura on your team is some kind of strong...
You can say that again.
In fact, when she gets serious, she may be even stronger than you, Er-chan.
I'd love to spar with her sometime.
You may get your chance during the tournament.
Although Kagura-chan may not go all out here at the Games...
Really?
You saw her sheathed sword, Archenemy, right?
That's a daunting name for a sword.
She made a vow to only unsheathe the sword to cut down one person, like the name says.
Someone she holds such hatred for that they can't co-exist in this world...
The man who stole everything from Kagura-chan...
That sword is meant to kill Jellal.
I know. You feel the same way, right, Er-chan?
Right?
I hate Jellal, too...
He used us...
I'll never forgive him...
I'll never forgive him!
That's why I joined Kagura-chan's guild.
Say, aren't you hungry? Want a fish?
She's not a cat!
Actually...
Don't do anything to stand out.
I know.
Ultear already reminded me.
And try not to get yourself killed.
Got it.
Goodnight, Erza.
I never thought a day like this would come...
Not true. I don't know what Jellal's thinking...
I hate Jellal, too...
That sword is meant to kill Jellal.
You came to see me?
Yes.
I'm here on very important business with you, Lucy-sama.
What does Saber want?
Natsu-san, let's at least listen to her.
I know I have a lot of nerve approaching you...
The Key of the Fish and the Key of the Scales.
I would like you to take them, Lucy-sama.
But... I can't accept them!
I made my decision on the first day, after seeing you...
To give you these keys after the tournament was over...
The tournament ain't over!
My tournament is.
I believe Minerva-sama is going to take my place.
Then the team will be made up of the five strongest wizards who changed Sabertooth.
That's...
What did it was changing their guild master
and the induction of five extremely powerful wizards into their ranks.
Then you weren't one of them...
I was still a newbie.
They only appointed me to be on the team because Minerva-sama was out on a job.
But why give them away?
Those Celestial Spirits are precious to you, aren't they?
All the more reason for me to entrust them to Lucy-sama,
a far better Celestial Spirit Wizard than me.
And the Celestial Spirits will be happier this way.
I'm flattered that you thought of me... but I just can't...
You've already collected ten of the 12 keys to the Zodiac Gates.
With the addition of these two...
you'll have all 12 keys.
The gate that will change the world will open.
The gate that will change the world?
What the hell is that?
Can you see anything, Carla?
It's not like I can see visions whenever I want to...
It's just an ancient legend.
I don't know what it means either.
You may have already noticed this,
but in the past few years there's been a large drop in Celestial Spirit Wizards.
And with the recent Zentopia affair, we may be the last Celestial Spirit Wizards.
The Celestial Spirits love you and you love them.
You should possess the 12 keys and walk hand-in-hand with the Spirits.
I just can't accept them.
Celestial Spirit Magic is all about bonds and trust.
You can't switch owners as easily as that.
It wasn't...
Never mind. I thought you would say that.
Eventually, when the time is right, I'm sure you'll have all 12 keys.
I hope we can meet again.
You blew it.
You had the rare chance to get them all...
A long time ago, I would've done anything to collect them all.
But I don't feel that way now.
A member of Sabertooth or not,
she cares deeply for the Celestial Spirits, too.
I can't cut the bond between her and the Spirits.
Or more like, I don't want to.
Come to think of it, I wonder where Natsu and Happy went...
They ran out after Yukino-san.
Natsu-san said he forgot to tell her something.
Hey! Wait!
Wait!
Natsu-sama, Happy-sama...
Um, sorry about before.
You're not a bad person after all!
See, Natsu here assumed you were a bad guy just because you're with Sabertooth!
And that's why I'm here apologizin'!
Apologizing?
My bad!
That's weak!
I'm sorry. But for Natsu, this is actually being mature.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?!
You ran after me just for that...?
You looked really down, so I thought maybe I put you in a bad mood...
You didn't. I'm sorry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You're not supposed to apologize to me!
And cryin' makes me feel even worse!
W-What's wrong?!
I can't hold back anymore...
No one's ever been nice to me like this before...
I always wanted to be a member of Sabertooth.
And I finally got in last year...
I lost just one time...
Get out of my sight, trash.
I was humiliated in front of everyone...
It was so frustrating and embarrassing...
My pride and memories were destroyed right there and then!
But even so, now I don't have anywhere to go!
Sorry, but I don't know how it goes in other guilds.
Natsu!
Right. I'm sorry... It just all came out...
I'm from another guild, but as a fellow wizard, I understand.
Bein' humiliated, havin' to erase your insignia, it's gotta be frustrating.
A guild that makes its family members cry ain't no guild at all!
Family members...
What are you doing out here, Erza?
Gray...
Nothing...
Nothing important.
Why are you out here alone?
Until now, I was in the middle of some tug-of-war between Lyon and Juvia,
and I have no idea what it was about.
You have no idea what it was about?
I wasn't there, but even I have a pretty good idea of what the deal was.
You must realize by now how Juvia feels about you.
Why not give her a clear-cut response?
Never mind me.
When it comes to love and hate,
I've got too much baggage of my own to be giving out advice.
Did something happen?
No.
It's late. Let's go back to the inn.
One girl has ten keys, another girl has two keys...
I'll get all 12 keys!
Eclipse will work perfectly!
Zeref! Zeref! Zeref! Zeref!
What the...?!
Intruder!
Lecter, wake up!
Intruder?!
All of the members of Sabertooth are stayin' at this inn!
Who the hell is it?!
I don't know...
but they must not be expecting to leave here alive!
Where's...
Where is he?!
You have business with me, kid?
Are you the master here?
I hear you kicked someone out for losin' once?
That gets me all fired up!
In that case,
if you lose to me, you're outta this guild!
We were so psyched about gettin' our first points
that we ate way too much at the dinner party!
And right when our full bellies were aching,
Yukino appeared in her civvies!
Once I found out Yukino was treated cruelly
and tossed from her guild just for losin' a match,
I stormed into Sabertooth's inn!
Next time: Pandemonium!
What about me, who you left behind?!
Um, I...
What's gonna become of me?!
I'm sorry already!
