That's Theo Cornaro?
He's much younger than I thought!
To launch an attack on Ladvan Torius' castle,
we'll first need to successfully capture that town.
If a battle ensues, both sides are sure to see heavy casualties.
That youth is the one who defeated the Waldlind knights?
What will become of our town?
It would be better to avoid a battle, huh?
But their leader, Lord Ladvan, is a man of conscience.
No matter what you propose, I'm sure he won't surrender.
But Sir Theo, maybe you can...
Now this is just the next-best plan...
If he refuses to surrender, please convince him to settle things outside the village.
As a man who values his people, I'm sure he'll comply.
I am the leader of this village, Ladvan Torius!
I am a knight serving Villar Constance, the Earl of Artuk...
Theo Cornaro!
I've agreed to meet with you, but my mind is already made up.
If it's my court rank and land you desire, I will take you on, but only in battle.
In other words, you're swearing allegiance to the Alliance?
I plan to offer Lady Marrine Kreische my pledge of fealty down the road.
Is that so?
With so many townspeople here to defend you,
I have no hope of defeating you with my troops alone.
I do not wish to harm your people in a battle.
I can see why you're renowned as a hero.
In that case, I advise you to leave now.
That's my intention.
But before I go, I have one question for you.
Is this the victory that you seek?
That should be more than obvious.
Sooner or later, the great Union army will arrive to attack this town.
I was able to survive this long.
Even if I withdraw,
Lassic David, the King of Sievis, is sure to attack with his force of 30,000 men.
30,000?
We wouldn't stand a chance!
If you wish to become the true victor in all this,
I suggest that you lead your men from the castle to attack.
Oh?
In doing so, your loyalty to the Alliance will remain unscathed,
and your people won't have to suffer.
If I can go down holding my own against the hero Theo Cornaro,
I will die a happy man.
Allow me to die as a victor.
No, that won't do!
We are prepared to fight by your side, Lord Ladvan!
Isn't that right, everybody? Isn't that right?
Right! That's right!
If I die, this battle will come to an end.
There's no need for you to sacrifice your lives.
Lord Ladvan...
What we want is for you to continue ruling this town.
We'll follow you wherever you go!
Who cares if we're with the Alliance or the Union?
We will protect you, Lord Ladvan!
Lord Ladvan!
Our leader!
It looks like I've lost here.
You're every inch the valiant Lord I thought you'd be.
And that's why I'd like to ask you...
Would you consider joining me in defeat?
Join you in defeat?
I'm asking you to value your people's trust, rather than your loyalty to the Alliance.
You mean I should be true to my people, rather than be their Lord?
That's precisely what I see as the ideal Lord.
Everyone, I must ask for your forgiveness.
I intend to leave the Alliance, and switch sides to the Union.
I choose to live my life alongside all of you.
I leave my fate entirely in your hands.
All I ask is that you guarantee my people's survival and their fortunes.
Understood.
How unfortunate for you.
If only I'd vacated my castle, it would've been such a coup for you,
and you could've taken my Crest.
I don't care for military feats.
What matters is that there were no senseless casualties.
Looks like I had the wrong read on you.
So many Lords obsess only about gaining more land or Crests,
yet you show concern for not only your own people, but your enemy's as well.
I can see that you're a man who truly adheres to the code of Lords.
Rather than Lord Lassic, I would like to serve under you!
I am currently a man serving under Lord Villar. I cannot accept your pledge of allegiance.
Then, until the time comes, will you entrust your Crest to me?
Very well.
Unbelievable.
Never mind surrendering, he actually promised to serve him!
Lord Lassic has defeated Jericho Orlick, the King of Forbes.
Who knew he'd only take five days to conquer Forbes?
Thanks to him, the King of Clovis surrendered his castle without any prodding.
Without us losing a single soldier, that is.
I believe both Sir Milza and Sir Theo's exploits have shattered the enemy's morale.
Both feats were extraordinary.
And both were carried out true to form, wouldn't you say?
Glory to the Union! Lord Villar, Earl of Artuk!
The road to Jalucia has been paved!
I thank you all for your hard work!
After declining his request for aid, I knew this might happen, but...
Theo Cornaro, eh?
Milza Kuces didn't even need a day to seize the castle of one of our more dominant Lords.
Milza?
Isn't he the son of the Viceroy of Dartania?
So how are our Lords taking all this?
Many of them are distraught.
I'm sure they are.
With Sievis lost, and not knowing how the neighboring Lords will react,
Waldlind can ill afford to send backup troops.
Even so, I'm sure that some will criticize what I do.
Keep your eyes on those Lords!
Understood.
Out of place, huh?
Out of place, indeed.
I wonder where Lord Alexis is?
Do you think he'll dance with us?
Earl of Artuk, is that you?
That's the Earl of Le Couleurs, Lord Klute Gallas.
You took so long to show up, I was worried!
Well, our path here was blocked.
But some of the Lords here aren't thrilled with what you've accomplished.
Unfortunately, my cousin seems to be set on taking out the Union with military might.
So we must not give Marrine ample time to do that!
If we advance into the Alliance at full strength, and conquer Waldlind,
we can finish them off for good!
Yes, that's the spirit!
It's been a long time, Marquis Dawson.
I commend you for your prowess in battle,
but didn't I notify you about suspending hostilities with the Alliance?
Why didn't you follow the consensus?
If you're calling it a consensus,
then you should've consulted me before sending it out.
Meaning you'll go along with whatever is decided at this Lords' Congress, right?
I'm sure I'll have no other choice.
Whatever happens,
don't forget the words you just uttered!
Do most of the Lords here actually believe that the current peace will last forever?
It can't be helped.
Ever since that battle against the Alliance thirty years ago,
only Artuk and its surrounding areas have seen battle.
And that's why this conference is a once-in-a-lifetime chance!
Villar, Earl of Artuk!
Tell them what a threat the Alliance is,
and that to survive, our only option is to mount a full-scale war!
This is not going to be a tranquil meeting for me.
The Marquis of Jalucia, Lord Alexis...
Entering!
Lord Villar!
Thank you so much for making the long trip here.
No, no...
I would cross the entire continent if it meant getting an audience with you.
And you're...
You saved me from peril in the Great Hall. I thank you!
Please forgive me for failing to save both archdukes.
Then you're...
Are you Sir Theo?
It's an honor to meet you, sir.
I knew it was you!
I've been wanting to have a nice, long chat with you!
Since it's not possible to do that here, allow me to arrange a meeting sometime!
I'm not worthy of your kind words, sir.
Though it's probably lip-service.
Theo? Siluca?
What is it?
I've spotted someone I must introduce you to.
I haven't seen you since the last Lords' Congress...
Lord Pederico Rossini!
Well, well, the Earl of Artuk.
This young knight here hails from Sistina, you see.
Ah...
My name... is Theo Cornaro.
Did you say Cornaro?
Was that name handed down to you by your forebears?
No, I am a commoner.
When becoming a Lord, I took on a name closely connected to my homeland.
Cornaro is a prestigious name in Sistina.
Not to be assumed on a whim by a commoner Lord.
You should take another name.
It wasn't a whim.
Since I intend to return to my homeland someday.
Sistina is an island in the demon world.
If you go back, no good will come out of it.
That's for me to decide, sir.
What a day we had, huh?
I agree.
Shall we have some tea?
It's unusual for Irvin not to show up at a time like this.
Looks like we have company.
Someone of significantly high rank.
But Lord Villar is still at the Marquis of Jalucia's castle...
Theo, you have a guest! Someone named Alexis.
Alexis...
Huh?
Everyone's been ordered not to enter.
Because I wanted to talk to you with no one else around.
It's an honor, sir. But I'm also perplexed.
We're not of sufficient rank to speak with you in person.
Oh, I only inherited my court rank from my father.
But you, Sir Theo, strengthened your Crest on your own,
became the former ruler of Sievis, and even reached the rank of viscount.
Well, I certainly didn't accomplish that on my own.
It was all thanks to Siluca here, and my comrades.
Above all, if Lord Villar hadn't come to my aid,
I wouldn't have survived.
And the court rank and lands you risked your life to acquire...
I hear you gave them up for Lady Siluca without a second thought?
It was Siluca who guided me when I was nothing but a wanderer.
Even if it came at the cost of all else, I have no regrets.
When I heard that story, I was deeply moved.
To choose love over one's court rank and land...
If only I had the courage to do so.
All I did was choose what was most important to me.
In my case, my love for Marrine is more important than anything else.
When I realized that it wasn't meant to be,
I even considered ending my life.
But Marrine has forged a path for us to be united.
And yet...
I still love Marrine, even now.
So much that I'd give up my court rank and lands if it meant we could be together!
I understand how you feel, but you can't...
Yes, I'm aware.
Marrine is a woman who takes her responsibilities seriously.
I'm sure she'll steadfastly try to fulfill her role as leader of the Alliance.
I hear Lady Marrine still dresses in black and continues to mourn.
I'm sure her resolve is ironclad.
My wish is for all Lords across the continent to cease fighting and unite.
And then we can hold a meeting to choose our emperor.
That way, there will be no more war on the continent,
and the era of Chaos will come to an end.
That's everything I wanted to talk to you about.
And I also want you two to find happiness.
So you can show the world that there are more important things than court rank or territories.
We give you our promise.
At present, I am serving the Earl of Artuk.
But aside from that relationship, I will do everything I can to make your wish come true.
So that one day, you and Lady Marrine can be united.
And so the continent will become one.
Thank you!
When we're not in the public eye, I hope you'll think of me as your friend.
I know I'll be thinking of you as mine.
Understood.
- I would love to stay, but I must return to... - We're under attack
Everyone, please watch your backs!
Wall, O Wall! Nothing on this earth can hope to scale it!
Lord Alexis!
Who are these guys?
Omerta...
This is Rossini's flag.
No one who accepts it can go against orders.
No matter how cruel the action may be, he'll carry it out without remorse.
Then what's the enemy after?
Parry!
Thank you, sir!
No need to thank me.
Lady Siluca...
What's going on? Not being here when we needed you...
Please forgive me.
You were being targeted by snipers.
And there was a Shadow among them, holding me back...
Most likely, it was an assassin.
Did you kill it?
It got away from me.
You were all exposed to danger because of me.
I'm so sorry...
I was the target, wasn't I?
Even if it was mistaken identity,
an assassination attempt on a marquis is far from a minor offense.
When he finds out that he got Lord Alexis involved,
I bet Rossini will be stunned.
There's no question that the Rossini clan will be expelled from the Union.
And when that happens, it'll be our turn to make a move.
THE WHITE PRINCE
THE CONGRESS DANCES
