People live to save themselves
Good night, Kosuke.
Good night, Katsumi.
Good night, Yu.
Good night, Shinji.
Good night, Sakura.
Rest in peace.
I'll be off.
Thank you for coming here today.
Again, this is an unofficial meeting.
Thank you for inviting me here today.
How does it feel to be back in your main job?
Please don't torture our junior staff,
Port Mafia's boss-man.
My Elise-chan wants ice cream.
Are there any ice cream shops that government workers would recommend,
Chief Taneda?
That is a heartwarming topic.
I need to bring back gifts for our officials, as well.
I bet they would be more than happy
to see your head on a platter.
If we may, let us proceed right to the agenda.
The Gifted Special Operations Division has two
requests for Ougai-dono of the Port Mafia.
First, the Port Mafia will divest themselves
of any interest in myself, Sakaguchi Ango,
and will not harm my person.
Second, the Port Mafia will dispose of Mimic,
the gifted criminal organization
that has illegally entered Japan.
I have no qualms with the first request.
But I hesitate to agree to the second.
After all, they are a terrifying bunch...
Well, it'd depend on the conditions.
Odasaku.
I know what you're thinking.
But don't do it.
Even if you do it...
Even if I do it, it won't bring the kids back.
They still have numbers.
And they are at...
I know where they are.
I got an invitation, see.
Listen to me.
The Boss just attended a secret meeting.
It was with the Gifted Special Ops Division.
There's something more than this going on.
There's nothing more going on, Dazai.
It's all over for me.
Odasaku.
Forgive me for putting it this way, but please hear me out.
You need to rely on something.
It can be anything.
You should wait and see what happens next, whatever that is!
It will happen.
Hey, Odasaku.
Do you know why I joined the Port Mafia?
I was hoping there'd be something in it for me.
If you place yourself somewhere close to raw emotions,
where you're exposed to violence and death, instinct and desire,
you can brush against man's true nature.
I thought that way I could...
I could find a reason to live somehow.
I wanted to become a writer.
I thought I'd lose my right to do that if I killed again.
That's why I stopped killing.
Odasaku.
But all that's come to a close.
Don't go!
Odasaku!
I only want one thing.
Odasaku!
Ow...
Hey!
What do you think you're doing?
You should look where you're going!
You almost ruined the famous detective tools the president gave me.
Detective?
Not just any detective!
I'm a great detective!
Soon, my name will be known in every household throughout Japan.
I am the best detective the world has ever known, Edogawa Rampo.
Sorry I asked.
Hey, wait!
Once you see my ability,
you will not be so rude to me!
If you doubt me, I'll show you.
Let's see...
I'm not trying to be mean here,
but you should not go to where you're headed.
You should reconsider.
If you go,
you'll die.
Yeah.
I know.
Do you want me to finish it?
Yeah...
Please.
Any last words?
Thank you...
for fighting us...
Our leader... is up ahead...
Please save him, too...
from this hell..
Yeah.
I know.
Oh? Dazai-kun.
How rare of you to come visit.
Boss.
I'd like to request permission to organize a gifted squad to save Odasaku.
Very well.
Permission granted.
But first, why?
Odasaku is currently doing reconnaissance
in force by himself at Mimic headquarters.
If we do nothing, he will die, and we will lose a valuable gifted agent.
I understand your reasoning.
But I doubt Oda-kun wants to be saved by anyone.
What do you think about that?
Dazai-kun, the leader of an organization is at the pinnacle of that organization
and, at the same time, he is its slave.
The leader must be more than willing
to commit any atrocity in order to ensure the organization's survival.
That envelope...
I see. I get it now.
Where are you going?
To Odasaku.
It remains only a single seed.
Unless a kernel of wheat falls to the ground and dies,
it remains only a single seed.
But if it dies...
But if it dies, it produces many seeds.
John 12:24.
You're more well-read than you look, Sakunosuke.
I apologize for the children.
But it seems to have been worth it.
Your eyes are the same as mine now.
Like my subordinates and I,
you look like someone who has left the stairway of continued existence.
We don't seem to make any progress by just reading our own futures.
It seems not.
Then we just have to duel without using our predictive abilities.
Indeed.
You're right, Sakunosuke.
You are the best.
We have not ended the debate, Dazai-kun.
I've been thinking a long time
about the Port Mafia, Mimic, and the black special ops group...
or, rather, in this case, the Gifted Special Operations Division...
and who's the one controlling the conflict between the three groups.
This bold and intricate design was your handiwork, Boss.
That black envelope contains that much value.
No matter how powerful the Port Mafia may become,
we exist in constant fear
of displeasing the Gifted Special Operations Division and being oppressed.
That is why, as the price for crushing Mimic,
you negotiated for the issuance of this permit.
This permit, which allows us to operate a gifted organization...
Gifted Business Permit
the Gifted Business Permit.
You're perfect, Sakunosuke.
Today, I'm with you all the way.
What?
Is this what Ango was talking about?
The singularity of the ability?!
This is the world I've sought.
Why did you want it?
Why did you stop killing?
I wanted to become a writer.
A man told me that's what I should do.
He gave me a book.
It was the last volume of a novel I've been seeking for a very long time.
Before I read it, he told me that it's a terrible book.
And how was it?
It was a wonderful book.
You are the one who helped them enter the country illegally.
You invited the enemy organization to Yokohama
to incite the Gifted Special Operations Division into finally taking action.
Yes.
Thanks to that, we now have the Gifted Business Permit.
The government has, for all practical purposes, ratified our illegal activities.
The troublesome aggressors will be taken care of by Oda-kun with his life.
This is a glorious victory for us.
And yet... Why are you so angry?
You're the one who let Mimic know about the orphans under Odasaku's care.
You did it so you could counter Mimic's leader with Odasaku,
the only gifted agent who could be his match.
Dazai-kun.
You need to stay here.
Or is there a logical reason why you should go to him?
There are two things I wish to say to you, Boss.
First, you will not shoot me.
Nor will you have your subordinates shoot me.
What makes you think that?
Because you have nothing to gain from it.
I believe you also have nothing to gain by defying me and going to him.
As for the second thing, Boss.
There may be nothing to gain by my actions,
but there is one reason why I will still go.
It's because he is a friend.
The last book in the series was wonderful,
but there was one flaw.
Several pages had been cut out and removed toward the end.
Then you write it.
People live to save themselves.
You will understand that at the moment of your own death.
People live to save themselves. You will understand that at the moment of your own death.
Now, I think that the man who gave me the book knew I was a hired killer.
He knew, and spoke to me so that I would stop killing.
He told me his name when we first met.
I'd forgotten that name for a very long time,
but I finally remembered what it was recently.
Who are you?
Me?
My name is Natsume Souseki.
That's right.
He had the same name as the author of the story.
I was a hero.
I fought believing it was my god-given destiny to protect my homeland.
In the last great war,
my squad of forty defeated six hundred enemies who were holed up in a fortress.
But that was a setup by our allied headquarters.
At the time, our country was already entering peace talks.
We were used to commit an unjust act for the military staff,
by seizing an enemy transportation network after peace was achieved.
Of course, our actions were deemed a war crime.
Our comrades in arms became our enemies now that we were labeled rebels.
Some in my unit took their own lives.
But there were those who survived.
We lost our homeland and our honor.
We became ghosts wandering a wasteland in search of enemies to fight.
Are you sure you couldn't change your way of life?
I swore to my men that I would die a soldier.
I cannot become anything else.
No... perhaps I could have.
I may have been able to reshape my way of life
and become someone who wasn't a soldier.
Just like how you stopped killing.
I have one regret.
I did not say farewell to my friend.
To the man who was my only friend in this world I live in.
He seemed to have tired of the world
and was waiting for death.
Was he in search of death like me?
No.
I think it's different.
Sakunosuke.
Even your last shot was perfect.
Odasaku!
You're an idiot, Odasaku.
You're a complete idiot...
Yeah...
Why did you go along with what he wanted?
Dazai...
There's something I want to say to you.
No!
Don't!
You might still make it!
No, you will make it!
So don't talk like
Listen.
You told me that you might find a reason to live
if you lived in a world of violence and bloodshed.
Yeah, I did.
But who cares what I said now?
You won't find it.
You must know that already.
Whether you're on the side who kills people
or the side who saves people,
nothing beyond what you would expect will appear.
Nothing in this world can fill that lonely hole you have.
You will wander the darkness for eternity.
Odasaku...
What should I do?
Be on the side that saves people.
If both sides are the same,
become a good man.
Save the weak, and protect the orphans.
Neither good nor evil means much to you, I know...
but that'd make you at least a little bit better.
How do you know that for sure?
Of course I know.
I know better than anyone.
Because... I am your friend.
I see.
I'll do that.
People exist to save themselves, huh...
How true...
Two Weeks Later
I didn't think a heavyweight in the Ministry of Internal Affairs
would be drinking alone in a cheap bar like this.
How lonesome, Chief Taneda.
You are...
Now, now, now...
I heard rumors that you had gone underground for a while.
I'm looking for a new job.
Do you know of any good positions?
Do you wish to join the Gifted Special Operations Division? If so...
I regretfully decline the offer.
I don't do too well in a workplace that has a lot of regulations.
Then what are you looking for?
Somewhere I can help people.
I have a lot of questions for you, but...
Your history is too sordid.
You'll have to go underground for at least two years to get a blank slate.
But I suppose I may have a lead...
Let's hear it.
There is an armed organization of gifted individuals.
They take on cases that are in a legal gray zone and are untouchable by civil workers.
The company president is a man of integrity.
You may find him in alignment with what you wish.
Can I do work that saves people?
Episode 16 Bungo Stray Dogs
And the story resumes, four years later
Next Time: Episode 17 Three Companies Con flict
