Danger Prophecy Emergency Countermeasures Team Explanation Meeting
Danger Prophecy Emergency Countermeasures Team Explanation Meeting
Is that true?
You asked these ruffians for help?
That's what the Hero Association decided to do?
That's right!
We must come together as one to scale the wall that humanity is now facing!
We currently have 390 C Class, 101 B Class, 38 A Class, and 17 S Class heroes!
That's clearly not enough!
I'm not asking you to do this for free!
As long as you take care of the monsters, I'll make sure that you're compensated!
Don't bother. It's a waste of money.
When it comes down to it, none of these fools are going to be worth anything.
I can't let that comment slide.
I'm pretty sure I've killed more guys than you.
Wanna try me?
These fools...
lack conviction!
B-But...
Oh, come on.
This thing is spot-on... Totally spot-on.
This so-called great prophecy really nailed it.
Guess they knew that the worst threat level, God level, would be upon us.
The old guy's right.
Even if everyone here worked together, you wouldn't be able to kill me.
Huh? And who are you?
I'm Garo. I trained because I admired monsters,
and I've crushed one dojo after another.
Well, what's the holdup?
Come at me all at once.
Let's find out who's the strongest.
That's why I came here.
Don't. This is nonsense.
Nonsense?
I've had enough of you. You can leave.
Is that how you treat your guests, Mr. Lawman of Justice?
Welp, I've made up my mind. Cowards need to be punished.
I'm about to commit an evil deed
and have myself a massacre party.
I'm very sorry to bother you three, but it's time to work.
Show him the door.
With pleasure.
Come on, old man. Are you sure you hit me with conviction?
You don't actually need that if you're strong, though.
Moron!
Not bad!
Great job! Kick their asses even more!
Huh? What the hell are you riffraff talking about?
You're all going to die, too.
What'd you say?!
You're one of us, too!
You're wrong. Heroes always arrive late, but monsters are always first to the party.
They show up out of the blue for no reason.
Listen up. You're all on the human side.
I'm on the monster side.
A human calling himself a monster? You pathetic fool.
I'll send you to a fiery grave!
I do enjoy little tricks like this,
but it's a bit embarrassing when you know how they work.
That bastard...
Yes. The multi-purpose hall on floor 7 of the central tower of Headquarters.
Send all the heroes currently in HQ at once. All of them!
Taking on a group of Class S heroes would sorta suck right now.
Then again, I think this will suffice for the debut show of the monster Garo.
You can consider this a declaration of war.
I'll return in six months, even stronger.
See ya.
You know what you have to do?
Yes, ma'am!
Class B Rank 2 Eyelashes
Class B Rank 3 Wild Monkey
What are we going to do if he cops an attitude?
We'll make sure he can never cop an attitude again!
Very good.
Yes, Lady Blizzard!
Human Monster
Your rank has increased to Class B Rank 7, Master Saitama.
I've increased to Class S Rank 14.
All I'm doing is pummeling monsters I stumble across.
I've gone up that much?
Well, monsters are appearing on a daily basis now.
Even though you defeat monsters, you aren't reporting them to the Hero Association.
Your rank is still increasing, though, so that must mean
there are witnesses reporting your victories to the association.
That means you're becoming more recognized as a hero among the masses.
I think you might even have a fan club soon, Master Saitama.
Yeah, right. You're Class S, and you don't have a fan club.
Actually, I do have a fan club.
Seriously?
I detect something approaching.
Humans can't move that fast. Is it a monster?
Oh, hey. An item.
Master seems a bit busy, so I'll go fight it.
This will be the perfect opportunity to test out my new parts.
Show yourself.
A human?
What do you want?
Tell Saitama to get out here. I know he lives here.
Are you an acquaintance of Master Saitama's?
I've run into you before.
I'm Speed-o'-Sound Sonic. I'm Saitama's rival.
I've come here today to settle the score. If you understand, then stand aside.
Speed-o'-Sound Sonic? So it's you, you freak.
You have the nerve to claim that you're Master's rival?
Shameless.
Take another step and you'll be eliminated.
You're the one who's going to be eliminated, sidekick.
C-Crap... I accidentally saved over King's save data.
20 Minutes Later
I totally took this without asking, too...
Eh, it's fine.
No, I guess it's not... Well, shit.
Class B Rank 7 hero Saitama! Come out at once!
Class B Rank 1 hero Lady Hellish Blizzard would like to speak with you!
Oh, yeah, I don't need the newspaper.
We're not salesmen! We're heroes who outrank you!
It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Saitama, the newbie.
I am Hellish Blizzard... and I'm sure I need no further introduction.
Uh, yeah, I have no idea who you are.
Who are you?
She's Class B Rank 1!
Oh, I see. Good work, I guess.
So, what's up?
This guy's attitude is huge!
It appears you're underestimating us, so let me just warn you...
It's customary for anyone
who makes it to Class B to come greet Lady Blizzard first.
Emergency Alarm
Greet her?
Heya. I'm Saitama.
Pleasure.
Whatever.
Did you know there are several factions within the Hero Association?
Factions?
You're not going to survive in this business unless you join a faction.
Uh, what are you talking about?
I'm telling you that you can't climb the ranks on your own.
Why, though?
Because people will get in your way.
Who?
Your rivals!
I don't really know what you're talking about, but I'm busy right now, so...
I'm not through talking to you yet.
Join me.
Then I'll let you have a high-ranking position in Class B.
Huh?
Ah...
That's what's going on.
So if I decline, you guys are going to get in my way?
Are you threatening all the members of Class B like this?
What are you, a gang leader?
No, I only invite the heroes I see potential in.
Are you scared that I'm going to take Rank 1 from you?
Don't worry. I'll be in Class A in no time.
Actually, why don't you go to Class A?
Hurry up and give me your answer.
Of course, I decline.
Heroes shouldn't care about hierarchy.
Eyelashes! Wild Monkey!
Yes, ma'am!
Hurt him so bad that he'll never be able to play hero again!
You're not gonna survive like that,
Blizzard.
So you insist on getting in my way...
What is this? ESP?
Precisely. You don't seem very surprised.
You're gonna fight me by making some rocks and pebbles float around?
I wouldn't do that.
I can tell you're mocking me.
Well, you're going to regret that.
I'm gonna kill you so bad, you'll wish you were dead!
Hellstorm!
This is a cruel attack that rends flesh, shatters bones,
and breaks my opponent's spirit in an instant.
You brought this upon yourself, because you dared to surpass me.
I'm number one! Anyone who gets in my way...
So you're crazy. You don't belong on top.
You don't really understand what a hero is.
There are so many extremely powerful villains in this world.
A hero is someone who takes on those villains.
Even if they're all alone.
You gather lackeys that are weaker than you so you'll feel strong,
so you're not cut out for it.
You're going to cry someday.
Factions? Crushing newbies?
Securing your rank?
None of that matters.
Don't underestimate heroes, you jerk.
Shut your mouth!
What could you possibly know about me?!
Huh?
Wh-What just... Ow...
I was chasing a mouse around,
but I somehow ended up in front of Master's residence again.
That's the S Class Genos. What's he doing here?
I apologize, Master Saitama. It's gotten rather dusty outside your place.
I think this is a little more than just dust!
I thought I just saw Sonic for a split second.
What the hell are you two doing?
You've got connections with S Class heroes?
Huh? You mean Genos?
I'm Master Saitama's disciple.
D-Disciple?
An S Class, a B Class's disciple?
You're B Class Rank 1...
Hellish Blizzard.
I see.
So you've finally made Master a target of your newbie crushing.
And now, the tables have turned and you almost died.
No... We both just got caught up in your attack just now.
I see. I do apologize about th
Exploding Shuriken!
A monster?!
Not exactly, but...
It's starting to get crowded, so you should go already.
You could throw a hundred of these at me. They won't do a thing.
You haven't even been able to hit me once, so stop talking big,
you stupid puppet.
Saitama, make sure you watch closely!
After I turn your disciple into scraps, you're next!
Such murderous intent...
And he radiates combat skill just by standing there.
This guy's dangerous.
Master, this guy is an annoying stalker.
I'll make sure he disappears so that he can never come back again.
As if a slowpoke like you could ever erase me.
You still intend to fight me with that level of ability?
When did I ever show you my true abilities?
You lose.
Accelerate.
Genos is a little faster from the last time we messed around.
Huh? Did he get new parts?
I can't see them at all.
Why do you keep going behind me?
Does this brat think he's actually faster than me?
You had some lint in your hair.
Why, you little
You let your guard down, Speed-o'-Sound Sonic.
Machinegun Blows!
He dodged?
What?!
You pathetic fool.
How does it feel to hit nothing but air?
My special footwork and fast movement create an afterimage.
I call it Fourfold Funeral!
Die! Scatterflash Slash!
I can't see his movements.
Then I'll just have to blast this whole area!
Incineration Cannons! Full power!
Is it over?
I won? No...
He collapsed before I cut him.
Saitama, you saved your disciple?
You're too soft.
It'd suck if he set off any more explosions in front of my house.
Besides, there's no reason for you two to fight.
Genos, are your parts supposed to be used in some stupid street brawl?
I'm the one Sonic's after.
You're persistent, so I'll fight you seriously once in a while.
Menacing
Come at me.
I've been waiting for this moment!
I've developed the ultimate technique just to finish you off!
And now I'll show you!
Yeah, go for it.
Ultimate technique! Tenfold Funeral!
Ten afterimages?!
He's a joke, but he must've trained like crazy!
His combat skills are definitely Class S.
As a B Class hero, Saitama shouldn't stand a chance...
But...
I always feel like I don't stand a chance when I face you.
I need to win so I can get rid of that mentality...
or I'll never be able to move on from this!
Killer Move: Serious Series...
Serious Sideways Jumps!
Hurgh
Hurgh!
Wh-What did you just
I just passed by while doing sideways jumps.
Damn it... A powerful shock wave and countless afterimages...
He was faster than me!
I'll get you next time...
Is he dead?
No, I didn't kill him.
He's too strong.
This isn't normal.
I couldn't be number one.
Not in intelligence, physical strength, practical smarts,
or natural psychic ability...
I was supposed to be someone who stood at the top...
If it weren't for her.
My older sister and the strongest esper...
Tornado.
S Class Rank 2
Terrible Tornado
Because of my sister, I've never been number one at anything in my whole life.
That's why, when I became Class B Rank 1,
I decided that I would stay at this rank,
manipulate heroes under Class B into a group,
Sun Man
and surpass my sister, who always worked on her own.
That stupid brat Terrible Tornado is S Class.
Why don't you just aim for Class A Rank 1, then?
Class A is impossible.
It's not impossible to get in the upper ranks of Class A,
but I won't make it to Rank 1.
There's no way.
Class A Rank 4 Bushi Drill.
Class A Rank 3 Okama Itachi.
Class A Rank 2 Iaian.
Class A Rank 4 Bushi Drill
Class A Rank 3 Okama Itachi
Class A Rank 2 Iaian
These three swordsmen are disciples of the S Class hero Atomic Samurai,
and there's a reason they can't become S Class heroes...
The man who's Rank 1 in Class A... Handsome Kamen Amai Mask.
No one can surpass him.
You must be Suppon. The savage they found in an ice floe,
who was thawed and returned to life.
You escaped the laboratory and started attacking anyone who came close to you.
A villain.
The Hero Association asked me to take you in alive...
But I'm not that soft.
A Class Rank 1
Handsome Kamen Amai Mask
Pipe down.
Amai Mask!
You're the best!
You're so strong!
There are a lot of monsters in this world that are beyond human reasoning.
You're quite the monster yourself,
but you're no match for Handsome Mask or my sister.
There's also the strongest man in the world, King,
and the person who stands atop the hero world, Blast.
They're monsters even among monsters.
It's difficult for us to move up the ranks on our own.
So what's wrong with creating factions?
Sun Man
Nothing, really.
I just have no intention of becoming one of your lackeys.
Just because you're a little strong?
You'll never make it to the top.
I was trying to be nice when I invited you to my faction.
Hey, Saitama.
Did you happen to take my video game?
K-K-K-King?!
My bad. I did.
I knew it. Give it back.
Uh... I really am sorry.
It's fine, as long as you return it.
I erased your save data.
Huh? Did you just say something?
Why? Why does an S Class look like he's having fun with a B Class?
Master doesn't team up with anyone,
nor does he compare himself to anyone.
He doesn't care about ranks.
Sorry.
Nah, it's okay.
Whoa, the button's smashed in.
But he attracts strong people.
Maybe I could join them...
Because...
He's strong.
S Class Rank 14 Genos and B Class Rank 7 Saitama.
Do we agree on their hero names?
No objections!
Because Genos aggressively attacks the most heinous monsters,
his hero name is Demon Cyborg.
And based on his appearance, Saitama's hero name is Bald Cape!
People who want to become heroes love getting proper hero names!
I'm sure they'll be thrilled.
Let's look forward to the future endeavors of Demon Cyborg and Bald Cape!
They spent two hours on names no one cares about.
But the meeting concerning Garo was finished in fifteen minutes.
Those idiotic optimists!
You mean the crazy guy who called himself a monster and caused some trouble?
Don't panic, Sitch.
S Class Rank 3 Silverfang is currently pursuing that human monster.
There's no reason to worry with that old man on the case.
If all else fails, we still have Tornado and Blast.
In the end, he's only human, Sitch.
I'm sure he has nothing to do with the prophecy.
Damn it! Is that all we really need to do to deal with Garo?
Damn it... Wh-Who the hell are you?
I'm an A Class hero.
Why are you attacking me?
A Class Rank 9 Tank-Top Vegetarian.
I spotted you by chance, so I decided to go after you,
but I'm seriously disappointed at how weak you are!
I hope you're prepared.
I'll show you what happens when you make a hero your enemy...
Looking forward to it...
Fighting a monster class hero, that is.
The Hunt Begins
