What's the point of a building this big?
Eastern Federation Elkia Embassy
It's so funny how they're trying desperately
to compensate for their own weakness by building something so huge.
By the way, would you tell me why you suddenly dragged me here?
Hey! The embassy is foreign soil!
I know. I know it was originally our castle, too.
You're invading their territory.
Don't worry.
I made an appointment.
Right?
I am the assistant ambassador for the Eastern Federation's Elkia Embassy,
Ino Hatsuse.
A pleasure to meet you.
When did you
This morning.
He was looking at me
when I was in the library,
so I gestured to say I was on my way.
The Warbeasts' senses are as good as they say.
They've got great vision. I was really surprised.
No, I mean...
You've come to see Izuna Hatsuse, the ambassador, yes?
The Warbeasts can read minds!
The rumors are true!
Glad we're on the same page.
Okay, take me there.
Very well. This way.
I understand the Warbeasts, but how did Sora see him from...
The game's already...
The game's
already begun, hasn't it?
Fake End
Hey, Jibril.
Yes?
Do you know what this is?
Some sort of image display device...
But the Warbeasts don't use magic.
M-My interest is piqued!
Th-The floor is moving!
Sora-dono, I would appreciate it if you would follow
the proper procedures to make an appointment next time.
Following that incident, there are a number of Warbeasts
harboring extreme animosity towards Elkia.
I was unable to inform them before your arrival,
so some may be very rude to you.
Even a talking dog that walks upright is still a dog, I see.
Steph, what incident is he talking about?
The construction wars...
Having a foreign embassy bigger than our palace was bad for our image,
so we built a new one.
Oh, you mean the palace we live in.
After that, the Eastern Federation started to build
their embassy bigger, as if to spite us.
Elkia lags behind the Eastern Federation in construction technology...
Even without that,
the idea of the 14th ranked Warbeasts looking
down on the lowest ranked Imanity is like...
Oh, I've got the perfect phrase.
A pot calling a kettle black.
Very well said.
And quite harsh coming from a rank six.
So what does that make you,
as a defective weapon working with the hairless monkeys?
This world is pretty hostile, isn't it?
It's nice to see you children so lively now that violence is forbidden.
After that war dragged on forever,
Unlike you antiques who retired since you were only good for killing things.
the ten pledges suddenly came along and forbid violence.
Of course some grudges remain.
How embarrassing.
Please wait here.
You can really see the difference in the sophistication of our cultures!
By the way, Master,
how'd you make contact with the Warbeasts?
Nobody's talking about it. Take the hint.
I'm sorry.
Unlike those beasts who can read minds...
I want to know!
Oh?
You didn't see him at all, but you guessed that he saw you,
and so you gestured. Which means...
You bluffed someone who can read minds?
I apologize for the wait.
This is the Eastern Federation's ambassador to Elkia,
Izuna Hatsuse!
King Crimson!
Hey, pretty little girl with the animal ears!
Why don't you come play with me?
Don't worry, I'm just a pervert.
Why the hell are you touching me, asshole? Please.
-50 cuteness points...
Why the hell did you stop? Please.
I was just surprised because you assholes
touched me out of nowhere. Please.
Get back to it already. Please.
Um... adding please to the end
of every sentence doesn't make it polite. Please.
It doesn't? Please.
Please don't be upset.
My granddaughter is still learning the Imanity language.
Also...
Keep your filthy hands off my sweet granddaughter, hairless monkey!
I'll rip you in half!
Please refrain from any actions that would make me say that.
I see. So that's where she gets it from.
I don't like him. -1000 points.
But Izuna is so cute with her contrasting personalities! +1050 points.
You hairless monkeys are better than my grandpa.
Keep at it, please.
Okay, why don't you stop calling us hairless monkeys?
I'm Sora.
That's Shiro, my little sister.
Hi, Izuna-tan.
Got it.
Sora, Shiro. Please.
Then let's hear what you damn monkeys have to say.
If you can read our thoughts, you don't need to hear us say it.
This is a place of diplomacy.
A place for exchanging words and documents.
Or is that too complicated for you monkeys?
Don't be mad just because we're better with your granddaughter than you.
So immature.
Master, try not to shatter the Warbeast's fragile, glass-like heart.
He's so pathetic, it makes me want to laugh I mean, cry!
Do you two have no propriety?!
Okay, I'll tell you what we want, old man.
Play a game with me for your granddaughter's panties.
I'll bet Steph's.
What?
If you want me to roll you up in a carpet and throw you out,
then just say so, you damn monkey!
You'd rather have Jibril's than Steph's?
If that's your order, Master...
Menacing
Shiro's, then?
You want an 11-year-old's panties? You're sick, old man.
Or do you want...
Nooo...
M-Mine?
I'm not gay, though.
I'll protect your chastity, Brother!
You sure, old man?
I'd say giving up her panties is a good deal for you.
If you're not going to tell me what you're here for, then leave right
Would you drop that pathetic act?
If you can actually read thoughts, then go for the panty game.
It's not the panties you're after.
It's the chance to wipe my memories of how all your games work.
Here, shake my hand.
You got scared.
I was right, huh?
Cold reading.
It's a cheap trick that anybody can do
with a little bit of knowledge and some intuition,
even without the amazing senses that a Warbeast has.
Coincidentally, it's a specialty of mine.
He's...
You done confirming that it's not a bluff?
Well then,
now that we've confirmed that this mind-reading thing
is a load of bull, it's time for what you've been waiting for.
I'll tell you what we came here for.
We, Sora and Shiro, designated representatives of the Imanity,
the rank 16 race, and the kingdom of Elkia...
with the opportunity to be the first step on our path to world domination.
We challenge you to a game between nations,
for everything the Eastern Federation has on this continent.
A game between nations?
We're attacking the Eastern Federation?
Is that what you just said?
Yup.
Oh, and we're not changing our bet. It's still Steph's panties.
You should've bet Izuna's panties while you had the chance.
Too bad.
Sorry, old man.
Check.
M-Master, what is the meaning of this?
Jibril, you still don't understand?
We've got the Eastern Federation in check.
The Eastern Federation's technology rapidly advanced 50 years ago,
but it's hard being an advanced civilization on an island.
They needed lots of resources from the continent.
However, Elven Garde attacked before they could get a toehold on the continent.
The Eastern Federation lured them into it.
But nobody would agree to play a game that the
strongest nation had lost repeatedly,
which means they'd never get the continent.
They should've deliberately lost and just paid the price.
Why didn't they?
Let's solve these mysteries in turn.
Question 1!
Why do they wipe memories of the game?
Because if they don't, they won't be able to win every time.
Correct!
It contradicts the goal of luring others into playing.
Memories
Game: Rock-Paper-Scissors
The reason they wipe memories, even though it defies logic,
is because there's something they don't want anyone finding out.
But even if you erase their memories, the fact remains that they lost.
Question 2!
Why did Elven Garde challenge them four times?
Because they were trying to discover
what the game was from the fact that they lost.
Elven Garde's a big country, unlike Elkia.
They were prepared to suffer some losses to do their research.
Result: I don't remember, but I lost once
They lost once, so they decided it was a game where you can't use magic.
Magical Ability: Elf > Warbeasts Near Zero ()
That's the most likely reason an elf would lose.
A game where you can't use magic?
Some plan
I'll win without magic!
So they challenged a second time, with some plan in mind.
And they lost again.
And then, the third time,
I don't know how, but they figured out the game.
They used those official cheats known as magic that you envy so much,
and finally made their fourth challenge.
And they lost anyway.
You have a very active imagination.
But the process by which they lost doesn't matter.
Why did they stop after four times?
It doesn't matter if the rest is just my imagination.
As for why they stopped...
There are two possibilities.
One: They realized the game was fundamentally impossible to win.
Eight: Being caught cheating during a game is grounds for an instant loss.
Then if they had exposed it during a fifth game, they would've won.
Two: They figured out the game,
but they never figured out why they lost.
So they stopped challenging.
But...
Huh? Huh?
That doesn't make sense.
You understand the game, but don't know why you lost?
A game that you understand, but don't know why you lost?
Now it's getting good!
Question 3!
What kind of game works against each one of these very different races,
Imanity Flugel Elf
but which only the technologically advanced Eastern Federation possesses?
The answer is...
Video Game
A video game where you can cheat all you want.
A video game?
What's that?
You don't know, do you?
But, Jibril, you challenged the Eastern Federation once before.
How come you'd never seen that thing in the entrance before?
Huh?
That's because...
You'd forgotten it.
Since it's a memory associated with the game.
Well, even without that,
if a Flugel like Jibril doesn't know about them,
it's safe to say that the only country in the world
with video games is the Eastern Federation.
That's why you erase memories to keep them a secret.
Because in a video game where you're the game master,
you can cheat all you want.
Your opponents have no way to figure it out.
If you don't know what cyberspace is, then magic doesn't help you.
That nonsense about reading minds is your way
of calling your cheats a sixth sense so opponents won't try to look closer.
That's right.
You can tell when someone's lying,
but you can't read minds.
Okay, last question!
How did we figure all this out?
I'll give this one to you, old man.
It couldn't be... the previous king!
We made him swear by the pledges not to tell anyone!
And he didn't figure out that we couldn't read minds...
No, the problem is...
Yup.
That's not the problem.
The fact that the previous king was able to tell anyone anything
proves that you couldn't read his mind.
Because his pledge to tell no one for the rest of his life
didn't include after he died, which made it a trap.
So, now that we know all about your game...
If we were to give this information to the elves,
you'd soon be put in a position where you had to play a game,
and you'd lose.
You need to erase our memories.
But if you're willing to bet territory for Steph's panties in a game,
that would mean my imagination is completely correct.
Yes, which means...
Which means
your only option is to claim I'm making it all up and run away, huh?
Did you think we'd let you get away?
All of Imanity.
I'll bet my Race Piece.
K-Kurami, that's...
Fi, has there ever been a game where a Race Piece was bet?
O-Of course not!
If you bet your Race Piece and lose,
you lose all your rights as an Exceed, meaning...
The ten pledges no longer apply to you,
which means you're no better than animals.
It's a de facto death sentence.
Those bastards...
Are you insane?
I've bet our entire territory and the lives of every one of us.
If you run away now,
that would be telling the entire world that my imagination was correct.
Did you see that one coming, Mr. Mind Reader?
Checkmate.
Are you really sure about this?
Even if you're correct, Elven Garde still lost this game.
Plus, you're betting your Race Piece.
Do you want to go extinct?
If you would've just been surprised when I was able to communicate
with you from the library, you would've noticed...
that we're not from this world.
When it comes to video games,
you can use any cheats or tool assists you want.
Blank isn't going to lose to any of those.
When we came here...
Did you think we were more easy prey?
It's your turn to be hunted, Warbeasts.
Who are these people?
Well, you can't agree to play a game of this scale on your own, right?
We can hold it another day.
We're betting our Race Piece.
Every Imanity has the right to watch,
and we'll compete with these four players.
W-Wait!
We won't let you refuse.
I'm not sure I understand.
But
are you challenging me to a fight, Sora and Shiro?
A fight? No way.
Izuna-tan, let's play a game next time!
I won't lose.
Sorry, but you will.
Blank never loses.
See you soon, Izuna-tan.
What were you thinking?!
Do you realize what you've done?
How are you going to take responsibility if you lose?
Responsibility?
If we lose, we're all screwed. There's no responsibility to it.
If we lose, it's game over for us and three million people.
If we win, we get the animal girls and the territory.
All or nothing.
Isn't it exciting, Shiro?
It's so exciting!
Y-You're mad!
Calm down, Steph.
It's a game.
I knew it! It was wrong to entrust
these people with my grandfather's hopes!
Then I'll ask you, Dola-chan.
If the masters win,
every Warbeast on the continent will be stripped of their rights
and possibly killed.
Who should take responsibility for that?
We rule each other and kill each other with games instead of violence.
If you lose, you're exploited, enslaved, and killed.
That's what the ten pledges mean.
The boldness needed to risk the lives of your people
as well as your own, even for an instant,
for a sure chance to slay your enemy...
That's what we need in a ruler.
Huh? What are you talking about?
What?
Wait, you mean you guys haven't figured it out?
The way to beat this world.
The way to beat this world?
That explains it. No wonder God's so bored.
Poor Tet.
Don't worry, we'll conquer the world just like we promised.
The whole thing.
And as for what we'll do if we lose...
I told you there was no chance we'd lose, didn't I?
Checkmate!
Bring down the foolish king!
He's using us all in his stupid bet!
They're working with the Eastern Federation!
I knew something was off from the start!
There's no way an Imanity could beat an elf!
It's fascinating how quickly they've turned on you.
They've all received a death sentence.
Of course they're upset.
It's actually strange to be calm at a time like this.
What are you going to do about them?
If they don't like it,
they can take our position as representative from us.
Day 19
Hold
Let the people who don't have the guts to challenge us whine all they want.
Day 19
More importantly, they're late.
It's been a week.
You mean the Eastern Federation's naming of a date for the game?
A whole continent's at stake, so it's going to take time.
Yup. So before that...
I'm waiting for someone with more backbone.
They're finally here.
You kept me waiting too long.
Yeah, I know what you want.
Anytime is fine.
Shiro, listen to me carefully.
I believe in you.
I believe in you, too.
Shiro, the two of us are always one.
Shiro, we're bound by a promise.
Shiro, we're not the heroes of a boy's manga.
Shiro, we always win a game before we start.
Brother?
I'm going to get the last piece we need to bring over the Eastern Federation.
Brother?
Brother, wait
Now, let's begin the game.
Brother?
Shiro?
It's morni Huh?
Wh-What's wrong, Shiro?
Brother... Come out, Brother.
Don't leave me alone...
Wh-Who's Brother?
Should I bring him?
Number of Contacts
No...
No!
Shiro? What's wrong?
Steph...
Where's Brother...
Where's Sora?
Sora?
That's a name, right?
Who is that?
Sky Walk
I won't let go of your hand, Brother,
because I think you'd take my soul with you.
