The Other House
While I was hanging up the laundry, the phone rang.
When I picked up the receiver, a thin voice said, Hello?
He continued, Is now a good time?
I thought this might be that Hey, it's me scam I heard on the news, so I raised my guard.
But then the voice said, It's been a while. It's Rei.
Hello.
The owner of the voice was a boy who had lived in my home up until a few years earlier.
Long time no see, Tarou. How have you been?
Tarou's become an old man, huh?
Lately all he does is sleep there.
Is that right, Tarou?
How is Ayumu doing?
And Kyouko, too.
Ayumu is going to a prep school, and I guess you'd say Kyouko is a temp worker.
She works here and there.
As I answered him, I was relieved that he came to visit when I was alone.
If Kyouko and Ayumu were here, this living room would have become cold in an instant.
Just like it did back then.
Um, these are sweets from a shop run by a family that's been helping me a lot lately.
CRESCENT MOON
So please.
That's right. These days, in this house, no one speaks his name anymore.
I apologize for not being able to visit in a long time.
I was worried about you since you never came by.
I was going to say that, but stopped myself.
This boy understood everything
and did us a favor by staying away.
As I awkwardly sat with him, unable to look him in the eyes,
he still sat across from me.
So mellow...
That's it, mellow.
He seems much more mellow now.
He'd become an adult.
Is he the same age as Ayumu? I can't believe it.
My son hasn't even changed, and he's still a child.
I realized my children were no match for him at a fairly early stage.
It was a simple situation.
Anyone could see that the amount of practice he did was unbelievable.
But if they didn't want to lose to him, they would have to practice even more than he did.
It was a simple answer.
However, could they do it? No, they couldn't.
He silently embodied sound reasoning and in his presence,
my children's own weakness made them lose their equilibrium
and they collapsed into pieces.
When my own children turned against me, I was lost,
and my husband silently watched it all unfold.
People who need other people to motivate them will eventually come up against a brick wall.
That was his view.
Unable to look at their weak selves,
they became caught up in enjoyments within their reach.
One day, Ayumu declared, Being able to make an effort is a talent too!
To those words, my husband just chuckled, .
I think that was the moment he gave up on Ayumu becoming a professional shogi player.
Being around that boy, they realized that people who wanted to reach a certain place
had to pursue it to that extent.
I always thought only a small handful of people can become what they want to be.
and I never thought about what you have to do to become something.
And so that boy's situation was a dreary weight on my chest.
And then one day, I finally came to a realization.
That my husband had a similar childhood as that boy.
I thought I understood, but I really didn't.
Looking past shogi, out of all the people in the house,
the person my husband related to the most wasn't a family member, but that boy.
He was wholeheartedly dedicated to shogi,
silently studied and did homework,
and even helped out around the house.
He really was a good boy.
But that made my children suffer all the more.
Why is he such a good boy?
Why didn't my children turn out like that?
What were the differences between the way his mother raised him and how I raised my kids?
Did I fail in raising my children?
Or is he just playing the role of a good boy as best he can since he's a freeloader?
Maybe he's laughing at us behind our backs.
No...
That's wrong.
He was...
Rei really was...
just a really good boy.
My children understood that, and so did I.
We took advantage of him.
We took advantage, pushed him away, treated him shoddily,
and didn't give him a place to belong.
And so he felt like...
The longer I'm around, the more strained everyone's relations will become.
But he didn't even say that.
He just quietly left the house.
When the five o'clock bell rang out, Rei got up from his chair.
He said, Well... and skipped any other closing remarks,
apart from, I'll come again.
Yes, come again, I answered.
After all, what else could I say?
See you, Tarou.
Live a long life, okay?
Take care.
After Rei left, I started preparing dinner in the kitchen.
As always.
Even if no one calls me, I stand here every day.
I make dinner and wait for everyone.
That night, I had a dream.
In the dream, Rei was really my son.
Now that he was my son,
Rei was sprawled out in the living room, eating junk food, watching TV,
and when I told him to go to bed, he retorted, Oh, be quiet!
I thought to myself, Well! He's the same as Ayumu and Kyouko.
I was disappointed and yet also...
profoundly relieved.
The Other House
Child of March Town
Let's go to a monjayaki place.
Kiriyama invited us...
before Takahashi left for Kouchi.
MONJA JIROU
Well, um, both of you, congratulations on your graduation.
And I wish you the best of luck at the private school in Kouchi.
Uh, cheer
Wait a second.
Also...
Kiriyama, congratulations on your promotion to B-2!
Thank you!
C-Congratulations, Kiriyama!
JUST FOUND OUT
That's amazing!
ADMIRE
My grandpa was so psyched about personally knowing a B class shogi player.
Yes! My teacher made it to B class!
He was so proud that he couldn't contain himself.
Kiriyama is a future Meijin!
I appreciate that.
I apologize for losing so quickly at that last NHK Cup.
And they were really looking forward to it.
Aw, naw, Grandpa was like, Next up is the Lion King Championship!
He's already excited about that.
Thanks for waiting.
Salmon monja and mentai mochi with cheese.
- Thanks. - Thank you!
Kiriyama, you're totally my grandpa's idol.
Before he would mostly be in bed, but recently he popped in at the neighborhood shogi club.
SHOGI CLUB
My parents are happy too that he's back on his feet.
They're like, Professionals are incredible!
I want to become a professional soon, too.
I want to become a professional.
Not someday. He said soon.
Oh, I'll do it.
- Are you sure? - Leave it to me.
That's right.
In Takahashi's mind, becoming a professional has gone from a dream to a goal.
MONJA JIROU
A person who helped me back in little league is now the coach of the school in Kouchi.
All the best players are concentrated in Tokyo, and there are a lot of infielders.
On top of that, there are dozens of schools.
I want to raise my chances of getting to the high school nationals, even by a little.
So I decided to go where that coach is.
With Takahashi's practiced hands and the clanging of the spatula,
the familiar sizzling sound and delicious scent rose up.
But this spring, Takahashi will be leaving March Town.
I wonder if they have monja in Kouchi.
Even if they don't, I can make it. All I need is a hot plate.
You can get the ingredients at any supermarket, too.
Oh, I'll be bringing some sliced squid, though.
so I thought I'd make this as a greeting.
Kind of like saying, I'm from March Town.
Ah, I see.
We're children of March Town.
No matter where we go, that will never change.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Even if they know what monja is, they probably haven't tried it yet.
Right. And I'm sure it'll be good if Takahashi makes it.
You bet!
But Grandpa told me to at least take some spatulas for it.
The bamboo kind to use with hot plates.
Oh, right. They probably don't sell this little kind there. Even if they have big ones.
It suddenly felt like I was going to cry.
He was really going to leave this place soon.
I caught myself on the verge of tears a number of times, but I held my breath.
When are you leaving?
Next week Saturday.
That's the day of the Cherry Blossom Festival.
Yeah. It's too bad I have to miss it.
Will you do another food stand, Kawamoto?
Yeah. This time we're making sweet red bean soup. Two kinds!
Cool. Good luck.
Thanks.
This time is precious.
But it's flowing onward and I can't stop it.
I'm so happy that Rei invited me, giving me the chance to talk to Takahashi a lot at the end.
It's great that we got to have monja together.
It was great.
And so, the morning of the Cherry Blossom Festival came.
CRESCENT MOON
SWEET RED BEAN SOUP AZUKI WALNUT
TEA
All right, preparations complete!
Shall we get started?
Who would like some sweet red bean soup with rice dumplings?
Oh, Crescent Moon is serving up tasty food again.
It's thick, sweet, and salty.
Good to hear! It has light-brown miso inside.
This warms me up.
It's still chilly by the riverside.
Oh, then I'll have some sweet red bean soup with walnuts.
HEAVY
Tupperware containing the cash made from sales
Yes, business is booming!
It's still cold outside, so going with something warm was the right choice!
How's it going?!
If you start running low on dumplings, let me know!
MERCHANT
I'll boil up as many as we need!
If that happens, you call out the secret phrase, Brown sugar syrup roasted soy flour!
- Got it! - Roger!
Are you sure you don't want to see him off?
MILK TAKAHASHI
No. That's okay.
Good luck.
Hup!
Takahashi. I'm going to do my best here, too.
Excuse me! Two soups with walnuts, please!
Okay! Coming right up!
What? Hina cut her hair?
That's a major event in a young girl's life!
Oh. Did she cut her hair because a crush was quashed?
That's right! She suddenly told me last night!
It's so bittersweet!
Sis, I'm thinking of getting a haircut.
Huh? S-Sure, why not?
Is this that legendary...
I will cut my hair
to give a proper send-off to my childhood self
and to take a step forward as the new me.
I could tell she was reading that kind of poem in her head!
How can I put it? I'm at a loss!
Oh, geez!
My little sister is too cute!
This is the springtime of her life!
Hina! It's so bittersweet!
Akari, don't you dare say any of that to Hina.
UMM...
I'm sure she would faint out of embarrassment.
I'm home.
Hina! How'd it go?
At the beauty salon...
GLOOM
EHH!?
Huh? What's wrong?
It was a failure. I'm never leaving the house again.
I'll go to high school from the second semester.
H-Here, let me take a look.
O-Oh, Hina.
I-It looks great!
Yeah.
How should I say it.
It's a very middle school look...
SHIVER SHIVER
No! I mean...
I mean such a high school look...
TINY
Uh, a-anyway, it looks really good on you! Yes!
I-I asked her to give me an adult-like bob...
B-But only an old woman was at the salon...
Oh, Hina! A bob?
Okay, you can count on me.
THE NEXT DAY
Oof...
What the hell?!
Oh, Hina? I thought it was a household deity!
HA-WHA?
Hey, Grandpa!
YOU CAN'T SAY THAT!!
Hina! Here!
I'm not a kokeshi doll!
Momo, how could you!
NOOO
Apparently trying to cheer her up
- Hina, here! Hina! - I'm never going outside!
I'll become a shut-in!
I can't hold it in any longer!
Please, Hina! Hold this just for a second!
CANDY DROPS
- You too, Sis?! - Come on, please?
- Please, just for a little bit! - No!
- Oh please, Hina? - Hina!
Child of March Town
Hina, Kiriyama has come to pick you up.
Hey! If you don't come out, Kiriyama is going to be late, too.
Hina, just resign yourself to it and come out.
STARE
I-It's weird, isn't it? I-I never should've done it.
It looks stupid, doesn't it?!
HAWAWA
I really do look like that household deity with the bowl hairstyle!
WAHHH
Yeah, it's nice.
Huh?
Yeah, it's nice.
Yeah, yeah.
It's really nice.
Rei?
Yeah, something about it. I really like it!
What? Um...
It totally suits you!
U-Um... thank you...
Yeah, yeah.
E-Enough already!
I like it!
You're embarrassing me!
I think it's great!
Just stop it!
ILLUSTRATION: CHIKA UMINO
Thank you for watching...
March comes in like a lion!
Let's meet again!
Bye-bye!
