Operation: Ares
Did you call for me?
Please take a look at this.
We're investigating a Wulgaru capital ship that crashed on Mars?
Right. It would be too much for the GDF to handle.
Besides, up-to-date information is highly valuable.
This is going to be an infiltration operation.
Infiltration?
Where is the target?
After the Battle of Ceres,
we found an enemy craft that crash landed on Mars.
Team Rabbits is to infiltrate the ship and retrieve any data you can.
We've never undergone training for this!
Sounds cool, like spy stuff!
Silence! Izuru Hitachi!
Ma'am!
Toshikazu Asagi!
Ma'am!
You will use your core units in this mission.
You will infiltrate the enemy ship while the other three offer support.
Roger!
Do you have blueprints for the inside of the enemy ship?
Allow me to explain.
Master Daneel!
Your target is in the Valles Marineris on Mars.
It was found hanging on the edge of the precipice.
The Marimari what...?
The Marineris!
It's 4,000km long and 7km deep.
It's a massive ravine that cuts from East to West
along the center of Mars.
Thank you for the explanation.
As things stand, we expect the target to plummet into the ravine
or collapse under its own weight due to the gravity.
At best, we believe to have 36 hours remaining.
That's plenty of time!
Even if we left for Mars immediately,
carrying out the mission is going to take some time.
Precisely.
The target may also deteriorate
quicker than anticipated due to unforeseen circumstances.
Enemy interference is also a possibility.
As such, I want this mission over within 24 hours.
That doesn't give us much time.
You have twelve hours to prepare and get there.
After which you have six hours to break in and pull out.
Ma'am!
I have transferred blueprints of the enemy ship to each of your units.
I shall also accompany you.
Henceforth, this mission will be referred to as Operation: Ares!
The operation begins at 1800 hours.
You are free to spend the next six hours resting.
Roger!
Where did these guts come from?
Space squid, probably.
For reals?!
They're caught in the Star Rose.
Didn't you know?
The outer walls are dual layered with water in the middle
to protect us from hazardous cosmic rays.
We raise consumable fish along with other forms of sea life.
Wow! I never knew!
Is that where the boiled mackerel I had for breakfast came from?
We catch them up here.
Missy!
We also farm other fish like tuna and yellowtail.
Did you come to see me?!
No, I wouldn't say-
Right, right! We came to see you, Kitty.
This contains data regarding the anticipated weather
on Mars in 48 hours.
There is a strong ferric oxide storm, which will limit
your AHSMB unit's maneuverability.
Although I'm sure this will be a piece of cake for you, Kitty.
Let's celebrate when you get back safe and sound.
Mew!
He's got Tamaki eating from the palm of his hand...
He's motivating her by dangling a carrot in front of her nose...
Increasing backup engine's output.
Disconnect all equipment.
AUP activated. Disconnect all equipment.
Start all engines!
External power has been established.
Internal pressure increasing. Turbines activated.
Main engine, military!
Blast off!
Is it all ready to go?
Hey, did you hear me?
Yeah, save it for later.
We're checking our records.
Go get a clue!
Jeez! You've totally ruined my good mood.
Why did my pit crew have to be them of all people?
3D girls bite.
Uh-huh...
Izuru Hitachi has risen to Harmonic Level 6...
That is too sharp of an increase...
My! Tamaki's is also increasing.
It looks like this fluctuates dramatically based on their mental state.
Commence the operation!
Huh? It feels like I'm getting pulled down.
We're dropping faster than I had expected.
The surface gravity on Mars is 3.71 m/s2.
It's a little over a third of Earth's gravity, so be careful!
Plus we've got some nasty winds!
This doesn't bug me at all!
Then you're the only one who isn't having issues!
Found it!
Tamaki, scout it out.
Roger!
Some bogeys came out!
They fell down all on their own.
I've identified enemy fighters around the capital ship!
I can't see them through this storm!
Kei, what is the situation around the target?
The magnetic properties of the ferric oxide storm
have rendered my radar and sensors inoperable.
Not cool...
Tamaki, bring them over here.
Sure thing.
Gold 4, prepare to fire!
Roger!
No evasive maneuvers? They dropped like flies!
They're headed your way.
Did that attack give our location away...?
What were you thinking, Suruga?!
Izuru told me to draw them over here!
Sneak in while we draw their attention.
Good idea!
Leave these wimps to me!
I appreciate it.
It's hard to move in this...
The sand is thicker than expected, isn't it?
How come she's the only one who can move around like normal?
Isn't her enthusiasm great?
That's the difference?
Her unit won't last long if she keeps that up.
Found it!
It's guarded!
Laser sights are ineffective.
Shifting the range finder from auto to manual.
Dropping the convergence value from 155 to 120.
Amending for +2.12G.
Inserting the anticipated trajectory deviations.
We're goin' manual, huh? This is getting fun!
I'm aimin' for targets that I can't see based solely off of speculation!
This is when a sniper gets to show what he's made of!
I'm all set!
Fire!
He got all of them!
Whatcha think of my moves?
You were just following Kei's orders, weren't you?
Yeah, but still!
Let's sneak in while we still can!
It would seem you've successfully infiltrated the ship.
I shall lead the way from here.
The bridge is this way. Please follow me.
W-wait a second! I need to set our transponder.
We'll leave you behind if you don't hurry!
It looks like it's alive...
Yeah. I hate how it feels like we're inside an animal!
The construction materials used biological tissues.
But it's starting to fall apart...
I imagine it is starting to deteriorate.
Let's hurry.
It's the enemy! Fire!
That is no longer necessary.
It's dead?
If it wasn't, you would be!
They are unable to move without a cartridge.
A cartridge?
Correct. They were cloned together with their units.
However, without this cartridge,
the organic part of their unit cannot
sustain itself beyond a given period of time.
Foot soldiers are consumable resources,
so I imagine they were cut from the cartridge supplies after the crash.
Clones are consumable resources...?
We use the genes from past prize soldiers to mass produce their clones.
Thus they can continue to hunt in pursuit of superior genes.
And their target is...
Correct. It is you.
The storm above the target appears to be growing worse.
Is it interfering with the mission?
Currently, they are unable to use their radar or sensors.
Transmissions have entered the red.
Their maneuverability has dropped by 20.
The target's rate of deterioration may increase as well.
So the operation itself is in peril...
Tell them that they may withdraw at their own discretion
if Maneuverability Levels drop to 40 or lower.
Roger. I'll tell them.
Air turbulence is increasing.
I am having a hard time getting through.
Continue sending the transmission.
We can't afford to lose them over this mission.
Do you copy? This is Godinion.
I hear ya!
Is that you, Kitty? What is the situation?
Izuru and Asagi went inside, mew!
Really? Please relay this to everyone.
You are to pull back if maneuverability drops to 40.
Roger!
That aside, how about we go out to eat when
you successfully complete this mission?
Then please eat some pickled fish guts with me, mew!
That'll be a piece of cake.
What is with that, mew, crap?
It's been a while since this ship crashed, hasn't it?
So it would seem.
Why didn't they evacuate before they died?
The foot soldiers you have
been seeing only move in accordance with their orders.
Their superior commanders probably either fled or perished.
So they carried out their orders until their cartridges
ran out and they died?
Precisely.
Didn't they think of abandoning the ship?
Only a select handful of Manaava- Excuse me, Wulgaru,
are capable of free thought.
Those of the soldier class do not possess wills of their own.
That's horrible...! Aren't they living beings?
What would you do when a machine breaks?
I'd fix it.
And if you couldn't?
I'd throw it away.
Exactly.
That is precisely how the Wulgaru view the soldier class.
Those who lack wills of their own are naught but robots.
It would seem that this does not sit well with you.
Right...
That is what Lady Teoria said as well when she defected.
She said, Is a life not a life?
It would seem that the ship is deteriorating faster than anticipated.
Let us hurry.
Is this the bridge?
Correct.
Daneel, will you be all right without a suit?
My body has been refortified.
Wait!
I'm going in first!
What are you doing?
Could you please keep your distance?
I am going to memorize this; you are distracting me.
You're memorizing it...?
Yes. Sheer quantity will not prove to be problematic,
although this may take some time.
Changes sighted in the target!
Zoom in!
Its deterioration has begun to accelerate?
It is worse than we had anticipated.
This is bad. Tell them to hurry!
Roger.
This is Guiliano.
Kitty, can you hear me? It's me, Guiliano.
Why don't you just say her name?
We received a report from the medical clinic that this is
better for that pilot's mental state of being.
Seriously?
You're the only one we can count on, Kitty.
Could you relay that to the other team members on the surface?
Mew!
I'm counting on you.
Rose 3's Harmonic Levels are increasing.
It's legit!
I'm amazed she can move around like that in this environment.
But her unit can't take much more of this!
Kei, do you copy?
Sure do. What is the situation?
Master Daneel is in danger! We have to hurry and let him know!
How about Izuru and Asagi?
A transmission from the transponder?
What's she say?
The target's deterioration is accelerating.
Hurry and pull out!
We can't move yet. Wait a bit!
Get out as soon as you can!
Roger!
I'll admit this doesn't look good.
Look out!
We'll have to protect him until he's done.
It could cause problems if we hit some of the stuff in here.
Only hit the debris that is falling down!
Talk about a pain...
What area caved in?!
The passageway!
It's no use! This route has been completely buried!
How about the other passageways?
I can't say! Let's take a look!
The target...!
It collapsed!
The target has reached dangerous levels.
Pull out immediately!
Infiltration Team, pull out!
I repeat: Infiltration Team, pull out!
The transponder is not receiving our transmissions!
What is the Infiltration Team's status?
This is Tamaki! Please respond.
This is Godinion. Please update us on the situation.
The capital ship collapsed!
That's what I saw.
Kitty, your unit is about to reach its limit.
Please pull back.
But-!
This is Izuru! This is Izuru!
Someone, anyone, please respond!
Izuru!
Send this information to Suruga immediately.
Please have him fire at the indicated coordinates!
Did you hear that, Kei?
Sure did! Send over the data.
Confirming the coordinates.
Preparing to fire at full power!
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, fire!
The beam didn't work!
It's because of the ferric oxide storm.
We won't make it in time!
Just leave this to me!
The storm is...
It's going blinky blink!
What's that supposed to mean?
Can you hear me, Tamaki?
Izuru and Asagi are about to come out, so please retrieve their units.
You got it! Master Daneel is with them,
so I've just gotta save them!
I'm transferring the targets' coordinates.
They should emerge from the long hole.
'Kay!
They followed their orders until they died...
Sounds just like us.
You're wrong.
We're clones made to follow orders and fight, just like them.
How are we any different from those soldiers?
We aren't blindly obeying orders.
Even if we were made to fight,
we're currently fighting because we felt that it was necessary, right?
What's going on?
Keep calm, Kitty. I'm on my way.
Maintain your current course, speed and angle of climb.
Mew-kay!
We've collected all of the units.
And the data?
I memorized everything.
Thank goodness...
Not everything turned out great.
Huh?
What's the situation?!
The power reactor is melting down!
It'll go critical in five minutes!
The cockpit hatch's release bolts have been rendered inoperable.
The emergency hatch is broken!
Damn it! We're in Condition: Triple Red!
Do whatever you can to avoid Code: Dead End!
Roger!
Get the coolant!
It's hot! I'm dying...
Kitty, I'm sure you can take it.
We'll be sure to save you!
Okay! I'll hang in there!
This should do it!
Are you all right?
Who could that be...?
Is it Master Siegfried? Master Guiliano?
Or could it be...
Thank goodness!
We did it, Bro!
Thank you.
We successfully retrieved the data.
Analyze it with all due haste.
Roger.
If we knew where their gate was...
Secret Mission
