Second Plate
Episode 5
I'll quit being a chef.
If I lose against you in the Shokugeki,
I promise that I'll never represent Yukihira Diner again,
Yukihira Diner
that I'll never again set foot in a professional kitchen.
Would that be enough for you to agree to put your hundred kitchen tools on the line?
Let me simplify this one step further for you.
The second match's topic is a Western main dish, right?
I'll make this.
Huh?
Beef ste
You idiot!
Quit running your mouth!
Don't tell him what you're going to make!
He'll predict it, anyway.
You'll quit being a chef if you lose?!
You disappoint me, Yukihira!
You're okay with throwing cooking away like that?!
Mito-san...
Forget it!
Oh, Nikumi-cchi!
Soma-kun, how could you say you'd quit being a chef?
Wouldn't getting Takumi-kun's mezzaluna be good enou
It's not good enough.
You've robbed a hundred people of their kitchen tools.
I'll have them returned to their rightful owners.
I'll defeat you, even if it means staking everything that being a chef means to me,
Mimasaka Subaru!
Terms accepted.
Let's have a Shokugeki.
The Secret in the First Bite
Erina-sama, I have no right to see you
after such a humiliating defeat.
Please allow me a leave of absence.
Hisako...
I'm going on a journey. Arato Hisako
You didn't even ask me what I thought about the match.
Beef stew, beef stew, beef stew, beef...
Yukihira-senpai...
The real deal. Wow.
Ow!
What was that for?!
Sorry, sorry.
I thought you were one of Mimasaka's spies.
I'm Sotsuda Mitsuru.
Totsuki Academy Junior High Division 3rd Year Journalism Club Sotsuda Mitsuru
I'm a third-year in Totsuki's junior high division,
and a member of the journalism club!
Another Shokugeki at the Festival of Gourmet Food Yukihira Soma vs. Mimasaka Subaru
The journalism club, huh?
He Said He'll Quit Being a Chef!
The entire campus is buzzing with talk about you, Yukihira-senpai!
High Probability of Defeat Yukihira Soma
So I have a favor to ask.
Can I get exclusive rights to your story this week, until the Shokugeki happens?
Huh?
When I first saw you at the prelims,
I was so impressed!
I never get big stories because I'm still
one of the junior high underlings at the newspaper,
but I bet if I could write a good story about someone like you,
I'd become a legit journalist!
You should cook!
Please!
No.
Senpai!
Please wait!
Yukihira-senpai!
Please let me write about you!
Please!
I'm begging you!
What's going on?
I didn't know they had a relationship like that.
Kitchen No. 5
Thank you!
I'm so happy to get to write a story about you!
Everyone else has practicums in the afternoon,
so it's helpful to have someone who can be an objective taste tester.
So you'll finally be testing your beef stew recipe!
It's a dish that rests on two pillars, simmered beef and demi-glace sauce,
so it may sound simple, but...
Some restaurants that specialize in Western cuisine
simmer the demi-glace sauce for two weeks.
That's unbelievable!
But you must be pretty confident, since you still picked this dish.
Well, hmm.
Let's let you have a taste to see if I'm actually confident!
This single step makes a huge difference in how fragrant the dish is at the end.
Once the meat changes color,
you simmer it until it softens with fond and bouillon.
You bring it to a boil and remove any scum that rises to the surface.
It already smells heavenly!
If you gather parsley, thyme, bay leaf, and tarragon into a bouquet garni,
it's easy to remove them after they've already flavored the dish.
Oh, what a nice color!
The trick is to strain the demi-glace sauce after you simmer it down.
That helps improve its texture.
Season to taste with salt and pepper,
and okay, it's done!
Wow, it's really rich!
The beef's glistening, too! It's really beautiful!
I'll have a taste, then...
Even though the meat's really thick,
the spoon cut through it with ease!
The beef's so tender that it falls apart the moment it enters your mouth!
When you bite down, the beef's juice gushes out
and melts into the demi-glace sauce...
Delicious!
I'd thought of beef stew as having a pretty strong acidity,
but yours is really mellow!
You noticed?
I'm using white miso as my secret ingredient.
The acidity in beef stew comes from tomatoes.
Some people don't really like it.
By adding white miso at the end of the simmering stage,
It tones down some of the spiky acidity
to create a flavor profile that's more aligned with what people like in Japan.
Wow!
Yukihira Diner
It's a recipe I developed as the diner's
secret menu item in my second year of junior high,
while getting barely any rest.
It's the first dish that got my dad's stamp of approval.
Yukihira Diner Secret Menu Item No. 5 Beef Stew
Wow!
Isn't this dish already good enough to beat Mimasaka-senpai?
Oh, I don't think so.
I served the same dish to Mimasaka yesterday, too.
What?!
Why did you do that?!
Well, part of it's because he'd have found out anyway,
but I guess I wanted to make sure I leveled the playing field.
This was my best work before I came to Totsuki.
How much further can I evolve this dish now?
Or will Mimasaka's profiling cause his version to surpass mine?
This taste is the starting point for our match!
It will be a battle of creativity!
Yukihira and Mimasaka...
It just means I'll crush whoever wins the fight!
Kitchen No. 5
Nope.
I tried seasoning the beef with cumin and cardamom,
as I learned to do by making curry,
but all the flavor's gone.
The demi-glace sauce's flavor is just too strong.
But if I add the spices during the simmering stage,
their flavor will be too overwhelming and kill the mildness of the flavor.
I thought about completely changing the flavor profile,
White Miso
but if I destroy the white miso's mild flavor,
it'll be completely different.
I tried a lot of things,
but none of them stand out to me.
In my Shokugeki against Nikumi,
I thought about how to compete with her grade A5 meat.
In the first match,
I thought about how to overcome molecular gastronomy.
I've been focused on how to compete with my opponent's specialty.
But Mimasaka doesn't have his own.
It's almost like I'm chasing myself.
Hey, Mitsuru, about the next test dish...
I'm already full!
That's because you're finishing each plate!
I can't possibly leave your dishes unfinished!
This isn't working.
He's motivated, all right, but he's just not very useful.
Does anyone else I know have a good sense of taste?
Can I walk you home, Sachiko?
What?
Wait a minute!
They've only known each other for a few months,
but they're already going home from school alone together?!
Will they hold hands or something after this?!
How shameless!
With Heart Vol. 8 (End) <To Be Continued>
Oh!
I'm missing the next volume!
And this ended on a cliffhanger!
Hisako!
Where's the next volume?
Oh.
Right.
Oh, Erina.
You haven't had a single boyfriend, even now that you're in high school?
You're so hopeless, Erina.
It seems the general public considers shojo manga to be the Bible of romance.
With Heart
Thank you, Hisako!
Hisako's always provided everything for me.
She was always at my side, whenever I wished it.
I knew it! Hisako understands me!
I've been waiting for you!
Hey, if you're not busy, can you taste-test my dish?
Yukihira Soma?!
Nice smile!
Yeah, I'm glad she's so happy to see us.
I'm not!
Why are you here?!
Why didn't the guards stop you?!
Oh, well...
I met your cousin in front of the gates, and she said we could come in.
Alice!
To think that Nakiri Erina-senpai, the one who possesses the God Tongue,
will taste-test your dish!
But I heard you've had a conversation while riding in the same car before.
Stop joking around!
Listen!
Before I do a taste-test for anyone,
they have to follow a strict protocol by being evaluated about
whether they are worthy of such service, then pay a massive contract fee.
That's how valuable my taste buds are!
Seriously?
Mitsuru, how much do you have on you right now?
What?
I have to pay, too?
Your spare change would hardly be enough!
Either way, I don't have the time to entertain you two!
I'm busy.
Busy... as in busy reading manga?
With Heart
Huh?
That's none of your business!
I think someone in Polar Star Dormitory has that manga.
The complete set.
Well, I guess there's nothing left to do, since you turned us down.
Wait!
U-Um...
I could try your dish as a special favor, for today only!
Huh?
But I don't have the money.
The compensation is not strictly limited to money.
That can be subject to negotiation.
Oh.
However, given my position, I cannot give you any advice,
so I'll just tell you what I think of the taste!
Okay, thanks for the help.
I simmered beef rib meat with herbs.
The demi-glace sauce is homemade.
The secret ingredient is...
White miso.
I would ask that you not underestimate me.
I can tell that much before I even taste it.
Wow!
She has the God Tongue for sure!
How is it?
Isn't it amazing?!
I was so impressed
It's not any good.
What?
I'm sure it's good enough for a diner catering to the general public,
but you are competing in a festival of gourmet food.
This is out of the question.
It's a joke.
You don't understand anything about the match's topic.
Well, I must ask you to leave.
Wait.
Nakiri-senpai, what did you mean?
Why is the beef stew out of the question?
It's just like I said.
The dish is as if...
Never mind.
I don't have anything more to say to you.
Excuse me.
Hmm...
Regarding compensation for the taste-testing service,
I'll consider it done if you can lend me the rest of this series.
I'll tell my security to accept the manga volumes from you.
Is that clear?
I didn't think that she'd flat-out reject it.
I could've kept on eating that beef stew forever because it was so tasty!
She really did trash my dish, huh?
She had nothing positive to say!
She didn't even give you any helpful hints!
You think so?
Huh?
What Nakiri said... Something bothers me about it.
Yukihira Diner
Soma-chan, seconds!
Soma-chan, the food's great today, too!
Yukihira-kun!
Hey, coming right up!
Wow!
Ooh!
Enjoy!
Yum!
Delicious!
So good!
Thanks!
Yukihira Diner
I'm Yukihira Soma.
My dream is to surpass my dad someday
and become a chef to carry on this diner! And...!
Yukihira Diner Secret Menu Item No. 5 Beef Stew
beef stew!
So delicious.
I'm enjoying my youth!
First things first: I'll make it taste even better!
My best dish before coming to Totsuki...
Glad you liked it.
Kitchen No. 6
How much further can I evolve this dish now?
It will be a battle of creativity.
Image training. He never lets up, no matter how many times he's done it before.
So, Yukihira Soma... let's see you try to claw your way out of this one.
Hmm...
U-Um, Yukihira-senpai!
Why don't we go for a change of pace?
5 Days Left Until the Semi-Finals
Look!
In the most recent edition of Totsuki Sports,
there's an article about the judges in the semi-finals!
Oh, so Dojima-senpai, Mizuhara-senpai, and Hinako-senpai are all coming?
It's been a while.
Come to think of it, Hinako-senpai's topic for us
at camp was a Japanese main dish.
It's kind of similar to this match's topic.
Nikumi?
What's wrong? Did something happen?
Just a care package.
It's only because of our ties to Don RS!
It's not that I'm trying to root for you.
I just don't want a bastard like Mimasaka winning, that's all.
Thanks, Nikumi.
L-Like I just said, it's not for you!
Anyway!
I won't let you lose to that jerk or quit being a chef,
okay, Yukihira?!
Oh, there's beef rib, tenderloin, and even beef round.
All the various parts of a cow. That's our Nikumi. High quality, too.
There are some uncommon parts included, too.
I guess I can't use them, though.
If I made stew with this meat...
You don't understand anything!
Yukihira-senpai?
What's wrong?
I'm grateful to you, Mitsuru.
I'm glad you've been around.
Huh?
But from now on,
no journalists allowed!
What?
Oh, come on!
What about exclusive rights to your story?
Senpai!
4 Days Left
3 Days Left
Only 2 Days Left!!!
Soma-kun, Here's some cold barley tea, if you'd like. Tadokoro Megumi
1 Day Left
But why did the head chef of Totsuki Resort himself agree to serve as a judge?
Dojima-san, do you have more free time than I thought?
It's to nurture the next generation!
I can't avoid being dragged out to do my part.
I'm just a poor hired chef for Totsuki, after all.
Hey, those words just came out of my mouth. Don't hold them against me.
I just told the truth like it is.
Give my regards to Mizuhara, Hinako, and the rest.
Autumn Elections Main Tournament Day of Semi-Finals
Autumn Elections Main Tournament Semi-Finals Arena
Is he going to make it?
It's almost time.
Is he still not here? Still not here?
Oh!
Yukihira-senpai!
It's right about to start!
What were you doing?
Sorry, sorry.
I had to take care of something.
S-So, do you have a plan to beat Mimasaka-senpai's profile cooking?
Oh, nope.
Huh?!
What do you mean, you don't?
I did everything I could.
The only thing left now is to enjoy cooking like I usually do.
Bro.
Yukihira-kun just came by.
Come see my match.
Now, Candidate Yukihira Soma is entering the arena!
The Autumn Elections semi-finals will kick off with yet another Shokugeki!
Candidate Yukihira is offering to give up his career as a chef!
Next in is Candidate Mimasaka Subaru!
Will his terrifying, perfect profiling take the stage by storm yet again?
In addition, joining us are five judges who are all Totsuki graduates
and former Elite Ten members!
Head Chef, Totsuki Resort First Seat, Elite Ten of the 69th Graduating Class Dojima Gin
I am Dojima Gin, Head Chef of Totsuki Resort!
The judges and I will be rigorous in our duties.
The first match in the semi-finals between Yukihira Soma and Mimasaka Subaru
will now commence.
Let the cooking begin!
Second Seat, Elite Ten of the 80th Graduating Class Inui Hinako Japanese Restaurant: Kirinoya
Second Seat, Elite Ten of the 79th Graduating Class Mizuhara Fuyumi Italian Restaurant: Ristorante F
Second Seat, Elite Ten of the 88th Graduating Class Tsunozaki Taki Spanish Restaurant: Taki Amarillo
Hmm, both are making beef stew.
I don't like that guy who supposedly spat gum on someone's knife,
but his opponent, wearing a headband, is from some downtown diner.
And I heard he's only been here for six months.
There's no hope for him.
Sonoka, don't you agree?
Yes...
Second Seat, Elite Ten of the 89th Graduating Class Kikuchi Sonoka Western-Style Restaurant: Shunkatei
I think it'll be... difficult.
It may be true.
A stew that befits this match's topic
is a completely different beast from a stew that'd be served at a diner.
For diners,
it's recommended to create dishes that taste good on the third bite.
The gentle flavor that only sinks in on the third bite
is to avoid having your repeat customers tire of your dishes.
In comparison,
high-end restaurants make dishes that taste good on the very first bite.
You need a strong flavor with high impact.
In other words, this topic requires a strong dish that can be the star.
And yet, your beef stew was too gentle.
White Miso
In addition, you were trying to preserve the gentle flavor of white miso.
That only distances you even further from the purpose of this topic.
Today is the day that I'll see you suffer a humiliating defeat!
Yukihira's working with... oxtail!
It seems Yukihira has found his own answer to the problem.
I get it now...
I know what your inspiration is... what you're after!
The oxtail has the highest gelatin content of all beef cuts.
After seasoning parboiled oxtail with salt and pepper, he'll coat it with flour,
and sear the surface before simmering it.
By doing so, the gelatin will have had more than enough time to emerge
before he adds the demi-glace sauce.
The added viscosity from the gelatin
will mingle with the demi-glace sauce and the stock,
and deepen the flavor of white miso without destroying it!
This is the approach Hisako took with her suppon burger!
He used cloves, which have a sweet, rich flavor, to season the meat.
Cloves would indeed strengthen the stew's mellow flavor.
Furthermore, that combination of ingredients is... a matignon!
He's thought this through.
I see!
He's finely mincing carrots, onions, and celery,
then sauteeing them in butter.
You can simmer them with Madeira wine, too.
It allows you to add to the
vegetables' sweetness, so it's used to finish many dishes.
That stew will taste unbelievably delicious compared to the one from a week ago!
What's being sought here isn't a mild flavor that you can't get enough of.
Nikumi's care package was the hint I needed.
With this meat, I can make a strong stew that can serve as the main dish!
I'm going to negate what you said
about my not understanding the topic,
Nakiri!
I know what you bought, who you met,
and what you've tried in the past week.
I know everything!
Oh!
Mimasaka's also using...
Oxtail.
He's using cloves and black pepper as the spices.
He's even using matignon!
It can't be...
It's all the same!
He predicted every single one of Yukihira's cooking choices!
Now's the time...
Th-That meat's...
Here's my twist!
The Second Plate
Next Episode: Dawn Will Come Again
Next time, Dawn Will Come Again.
