Don't! It's a whalesquid! Leave it alone!
Targeting accuracy is lower due to undersea conditions.
I'll hit it with my next one!
Come back, Ledo!
If that thing gets riled up, it'll become even more violent!
Crap!
Take this!
Charge next shot!
Suggestion: Use of beam weapon undersea is inefficient.
Possible damage to allied craft has also been taken into account.
In that case...
No!
A Soldier's Fate
Yo! Lookin' good!
Knock it off. I'm in no laughing mood.
That reminds me, the alien flew back in a little while ago.
He said he did in a whalesquid.
What did he do?!
People have regarded whalesquids as sacred creatures since ancient times.
To murder one with no cause whatsoever...
Ledo, what are you thinking?!
The citizens are in shock and it's spreading fast.
Rumors are even going around that this will bring on a curse.
He's the one that started all this, right?
It's only natural for everyone to be anxious...
Seriously?!
What's happening?
Even though it's just superstition...
I just hope that nothing comes of this...
Here.
How long will it take?
Estimate: Four hours for DNA amplification and analysis.
Hurry.
Roger.
However, chances that results will differ from the intrinsic reaction analysis are small.
I know.
I want to find out if the Earth Hideauze have any unique characteristics.
Roger.
The Hideauze have even invaded the Earth...
Could I have brought them here from space?!
No, it can't be...
Ensign...
It's possible to do a biological analysis,
but I am unable to obtain information on their invasion strategy.
I'll gather info from the fleet.
I need to know their total numbers and range of activities-
Someone is approaching.
Okay, that's good.
How do you feel?
Not bad these days, thanks to you, Doctor.
Go easy on your official duties, and think about taking a vacation once in a while.
Move to the main ship, which has a lot of green...
I like it here.
I may not be able to walk anymore,
but these legs remember well just how big this fleet is.
These eyes and ears remember what kind of people are aboard.
I want to keep protecting the smiles and voices of the people who live here.
That's the proof that I'm alive.
I'm no match for you.
Just when you need to play it safe,
it seems the fleet has gotten involved with a whalesquid.
Wonderful...
No matter how old I get, there are always new experiences.
You're saying you're not afraid?
No matter what the reality of the situation is, accepting it
is a privilege for those of us who are alive.
Privilege?
Of course, if we can't see it through to the end,
all we can do is entrust it to the young.
You're right.
You guys must've heard.
There's treasure nobody else has looked for in whalesquid territory.
And we're gonna bring it up!
Oodles of it! Barrels full!
Yeah?
Nobody else would dare to dive into the middle of a whalesquid lair!
That's the thing.
In the first place, who's confirmed that there's treasure in their nest?
There is somebody who saw it with his own eyes.
He told me... right before he died.
W-We're repairmen, not salvagers!
And what kind of idiot would be willing to mix it up with a whalesquid?!
The idiot who owns that tin can!
With him on our side, even monsters are a piece of cake!
D-Don't tell me they're already on board with this?!
For that... I need a little time...
What the hell?! He hasn't even made the arrangements?
I'll listen once you've actually got Spaceboy and the tin can lined up.
Meeting adjourned.
What were you doing?! You were with him!
How could you let him attack a whalesquid?!
All of the ship owners are concerned, too.
Look at all of the requests I've gotten demanding that measures be taken.
I won't make any excuses.
It's my fault for not warning him properly beforehand.
In other words... there are many more of them?
In that case... I will carry out my mission by continuing to kill them.
Do you... know what you're saying?!
The Hideauze are a threat to the human race.
A war of extermination is our only choice.
That's just what you say.
We have no reason to kill the whalesquids whatsoever.
Unless the threat is eliminated completely, there can be no true peace.
Where are you right now?!
This is Gargantia, right?!
The Fleet Commander would like a detailed briefing from you.
Good timing. They're here, too.
Would you have the Fleet Commander hear you arguing with them?
No, it's fine. I'll report to him.
You two can leave.
Hey, Flange!
What?!
Ledo...
Hideauze...
I mean, tell me about the whalesquid.
How many are there?
What is their combat strength? Do they have any weaknesses?
W-Wait a second, Ledo!
Do you still mean to do something to them? You better not!
The whalesquid are terrifying creatures if you start something,
but they never attack unprovoked.
That's right! Wouldn't you feel bad about killing them?
Impossible.
They are enemies that need to be wiped out.
Why can't you understand that?!
After coming all the way to Earth, why are you trying to continue your war?!
Don't draw us into a conflict that has nothing to do with us!
Right now, your civilization...
I have no idea what you're saying!
At present, your civilization is merely being ignored by the Hideauze because of its simplicity.
It is only a matter of time before they strike.
When that happens, how will you people respond?
I-I don't...
Have specific measures been planned?
Do you people even have a vision to develop your civilization?
You don't even think about that, but your fellow humans are fighting right now.
It is too late to act when the enemy shows hostility.
I will attack before that happens.
Ledo...
You won't change your mind?
I live to kill them.
You don't have to do that. Ledo, you're your own person...
Pinion, if you've got a funny idea in mind, forget about it.
What's that mean?!
You're thinking of using Ledo and Chamber to go deep into whalesquid territory.
What's wrong with that? He's got a beef with the whalesquid anyway, right?
If there's treasure at the bottom, I can just swoop down and grab it all up.
Even if it means putting the fleet in danger?
No matter what you dredge up, if it's not useful to Gargantia, it's meaningless!
Of course it'll be useful!
I'm talkin' about unexplored regions! To find unheard-of treasures!
What do you think? Join my team. It's gotta get a salvager's blood racing.
Sorry, but I'm not interested in a little kid's expedition team.
What's that?!
You wanna bring stuff up for the sake of your two-bit pride, so you can brag about it.
You can't dive yourself, so you use other people, and you're satisfied with that, huh?
Bellows, you wench!
And I swore I'd get revenge for my big brother...
That's just a dream, too...
How's the connection to the Alliance coming?
There is still no response.
And our coordinates?
Analysis: Further parallax observation of this planet's orbit is required.
Dammit.
Analysis of the biological sample is complete.
What's the result?
Although the composition of the exoskeleton has adapted to the environment,
there is no difference between the genetic makeup of this and the Hideauze.
Confirmed: They are identical species.
I knew it!
The policy of destruction isn't wrong.
It's necessary for the humans of Earth, too.
Why can't they understand that?
According to language analysis,
the definition of survival strategy for the human race of Earth
greatly differs from that of the Alliance.
What do you mean?
The answer to that question is not in any standard Alliance dictionary.
However, it exists in Earth language.
Say it.
Co-existence and co-prosperity.
The sea galaxy is active!
I've never seen anything like it!
What?!
Hey! Are those whalesquid?!
Back up!
Confirmed: Multiple objects approaching from the sea.
Conjecture: Based on the noise of their propulsion, they are Hideauze.
Chamber, come to me!
Don't go! Please!
Sonic wave transponder is picking up an incredible number of them at 10 o'clock!
Depth approximately 30 meters!
30?!
Double the number of patrol craft!
Have all the escorts get up to the fleet and stand by!
This can't be happening...
I've never heard of a pod of them coming up this close to the surface.
How in the world do we handle this?
At this rate, they'll intersect our course!
Whalesquid! A whole pod of them is approaching!
Come on!
Hurry!
Raise it! Raise it!
This is because we let that alien on board, dammit!
Please help us!
Please leave us be!
Fleet Commander!
Turn off the siren.
Yes, sir!
I'll take command. If you don't mind?
N-No, of course not.
But...
This is Fleet Commander Fairlock. I want you all to listen to me.
A pod of whalesquid is approaching the fleet.
There is a substantial number of them,
but as long as we don't make a mistake, there is no danger.
As much as possible, do not stimulate the pod.
From this moment on, Gargantia is going to power down completely.
Ridget, relay this instruction to all of the ships.
There are to be no lights or sounds.
Y-Yes, sir!
After we power down, all citizens standby right where you are.
Don't make any unnecessary sounds!
Help!
Main power turning off!
Get out of my way.
No!
Then I have no choice.
No! Don't go! Please!
Let go of me!
Why?! My battle has nothing to do with you people!
It does have to do with us!
You mean the fleet?
Then I will not make trouble for you. I will leave.
I will fight alone!
That's not it!
I don't want you to do something this dangerous! I...
Ridget...
I told you before. Comply with our policies.
I refuse!
I can't allow that.
If the whalesquid attack the fleet, you can do as you like.
But as long as they don't, I'm keeping you on a short leash.
They're directly under the fleet right now.
Ledo...
Don't touch me!
As long as I am here, I cannot carry out my mission.
I am a soldier.
Ledo. No...
I want Ledo and Chamber to work for me.
If we team up, I'll be able to salvage from whalesquid territory.
Are you serious?!
Would I be able to joke about somethin' like this?
They've already agreed.
We'll be apart from Gargantia.
So sign it already.
Fleet Commander, I also seek permission to accompany them with my ships.
Flange...
You too? Why?!
If a major ship owner like you leaves, the fleet's defensive capability drops sharply!
The legacy of a once-great age is lying on the ocean floor.
If we can reclaim even a small amount of it...
I don't want any hard feelings over this.
This is unbelievable...
Never. I won't let the narrow interests of the few
jeopardize all of Gargantia! My answer is...
Fleet Commander!
Fleet Commander!
Oh, no! Call Dr. Oldham!
Fleet Commander!
