This is what started it all.
Thank you very much, Inaho.
I'm given to understand that it's you whom I owe my life to.
No, it's because we're in a war.
How many times does this make it?
I'm not sure. And I wouldn't say that I've saved it.
This is a war, after all.
You're a kind person, aren't you?
You are.
After all this is over...
We will remain friends after all this is over, won't we?
Yes.
I'm glad.
I am Asseylum Vers Allusia.
I am the Princess Royal, granddaughter of
Rayregalia Vers Rayvers, Emperor of Vers.
I address the people of Father Vers.
I call for an immediate cessation of hostilities in this meaningless war.
I am safe. Alive and well.
It is not Terrans who made an attempt on my life.
It was a plot by the Orbital Knights, who have their sights set on an invasion of Earth.
The Terrans are innocent.
Stop the fighting immediately.
And then make peace with Earth.
I beg you, put a stop to this tragedy.
This is the Tharsis!
I retrieved it from Castle Cruhteo.
He was unworthy of it.
Its Aldnoah drive is powered down...
Which means that Count Cruhteo truly is...
Princess Asseylum's location has been pinpointed
via laser transmission to the Moon base.
The Moon base is under the control of those who feel as I do.
Her Highness' proclamation will reach no one's ears.
The final battle is about to take place at the enemy's main stronghold.
Even with the full might of a Landing Castle, it will be no easy feat.
My debt to your father is paid.
You may join my forces or you may flee to Earth.
Do as you will.
Mars Knight Landing Castle descending!
Projected touchdown point, within a 20km radius of United Earth HQ!
So, they aren't the least bit interested in peace.
Abandon surface installations! All personnel, evacuate underground!
I have to say, I didn't expect them to make a direct move on this place.
I thought the war was supposed to end!
Milady...
An act of futility.
Commencing attack.
Enemy missile impacts! They're bunker busters!
Bedrock has been perforated! Warheads descending towards base complex!
Sally forth!
Sky carrier, launch!
Missile impacts and shield penetration in 18 locations!
Vibrations believed to be enemy mechanized force now descending!
Kataphrakt platoons, get all your units launched ASAP!
Shire Platoon, in position!
Falabella Platoon, in position!
Vibration source still closing in. 59 seconds to enemy contact.
All units, prepare to engage!
Roger!
Here they come!
Annihilate them, my faithful servants!
It's an enemy Kataphrakt assault!
Intercept team attrition rate, 50!
All advance!
Search for Princess Asseylum and terminate on sight!
Milady, it's dangerous here. I suggest we relocate at once.
I've revealed that my assassination was a lie, so why are they still...
Milady...
War truly was their objective all along. The assassination was merely an excuse.
It never mattered one whit if I was alive or dead...
That is not true at all! You are the beloved princess of Vers!
Why, then, is this place presently under attack?!
Forgive me.
Not at all.
Is there no one left who can put an end to the Orbital Knights' folly?
Is there nothing more that I can do?
Milady...
Munitions loading 70 complete!
Launching a frontal assault against United Earth HQ...
It'll be hard to hold negotiations if the government collapses.
They have no intention of negotiating.
Invade a territory with overwhelming force and lay claim to it as their own.
There will be no one to denounce them over it, and no international law.
This is primitive, pure war that dates back to before the industrial revolution.
Have you gotten through to the princess?
No, ma'am. I'm paging the leader of her security detail, though.
All pilots, stand by in your Kats! Be ready to move out at a moment's notice!
Warrant Officer Kaizuka, is the Deucalion leaving?
Beats me. This might turn into a defensive action.
This is Mustang Leader.
Nao, you've got a phone call.
Mustang 22.
I shall help, too.
Seylum...
All Vers weaponry is powered by Aldnoah drives.
Landing Castles are no exception.
If its Aldnoah drive is shut down, the Landing Castle will cease to function.
How would we do that?
If the person who activated the drive loses his life, it will automatically shut down.
Ah, just like how the Deucalion fell out of the sky when you went into cardiac arrest.
Yes. Also, one of the Vers emperor's bloodline would be able to forcibly shut it down.
In other words... you are saying that you can shut it down.
Yes.
Understood. I'll escort you to the enemy Landing Castle.
Hold your horses, Nao!
Why are you always pulling this crap?!
What crap?
You know what crap! The way you say insane things with a perfectly straight face!
Now that we know she is unable to negotiate politically, her presence is of no benefit.
But if she is of tactical use, we should make use of her.
If we lose, they're just going to kill her, anyway.
It's the logical decision.
Logic is all it has going for it! How many lives do you think that would cost?!
If we do nothing, just as many will die.
And that makes it okay to pull this crazy crap?
This is war.
My point exactly!
Sorry, Yuki. But I think we should bet on the method with the best odds of success.
That's all it is.
I agree with his assessment.
Nao, do your best!
All right, Highness. I'll run it past the Captain.
Thank you.
Milady?
The princess of the Vers Empire has turned her people against her...
This war is not the will of Vers. It is all a scheme by a bunch of traitors!
No.
The responsibility is mine alone.
I am to blame.
Let us hurry.
Message from the Lord! Ship located in underground enemy base.
Her Highness may be aboard. All troops, proceed there at once!
Hey! That one hasn't been rearm-
Aldnoah drive, output stable. Ready to lift off at your command.
Princess Asseylum?
Currently on level 4! Will arrive momentarily!
Port gun turret 1 hit!
Enemy infantry, ma'am.
Engage them, please.
What Kats do we have ready?!
They're all secured in their racks!
Send them out!
It'll take time!
Princess Asseylum!
The exit!
I see it!
There's the Deucalion!
Enemy infantry on starboard stabilizer!
Spin the ship.
Ma'am?
Pivot the ship in place and don't let any enemy troops aboard!
Deucalion, coming about!
There she is! It's the princess!
Open hatch! Bring her aboard!
It's Princess Asseylum!
Rocket launchers!
Objective located! Currently attacking in underground dry dock!
I repeat, objective located!
Fire!
I'm not scared, I'm not scared, I'm not scared!
You alive?
Keep the pedal floored. I'll cover you.
Rayet!
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on!
Princess! Over here!
A little closer!
Go!
Eddelrittuo!
Go! Hurry!
Seal hatch!
Roger!
Thank you, Eddelrittuo...
Her Highness is aboard!
Deucalion, lift off.
Control, please open the gate.
Control. This is Deucalion.
Please respond.
Captain...
Tubes 1 through 4, prepare to fire missiles.
Set target, main gate!
Launch tubes open. Ready to fire.
Fire!
The ship from the island!
Back it up. Go back to the dock.
I'll hold them off here.
The mission is as follows.
The Deucalion will evade the Landing Castle's attacks
and temporarily climb into the stratosphere.
We will then carry out a Kataphrakt combat drop from above.
That's insane! We won't be able to hide while we're falling!
We'll be eaten alive by AA fire!
Which is why we will drop unmanned, decoy Kataphrakts first.
The main assault force will fall through the jumble of decoys
and aim for the Landing Castle.
Altitude of 20,000 meters achieved. Turning over!
Drop Scarecrows!
The decoys might not work! And we don't know what kind of firepower they have!
We've gone blind into every engagement so far.
But still!
Once down, the assault team will destroy the enemy's AA guns,
and when their counterattack weakens, we ask Princess Asseylum to come.
Lt. Marito.
See to the assault team selection.
Understood.
I'll go in the first wave.
Nao!
I probably have more experience fighting Martian weaponry than anyone on Earth.
Multiple radar returns overhead!
Anti-air warfare. Will intercept.
Decoy Kataphrakts hit! Releasing chaff and flares!
Assault team, launch.
Mustang Leader to all units. In addition to poor laser comms due to the blizzard,
their jamming will get stronger near the castle.
Don't count on instructions until we're down. Fight independently.
Mustang 11, roger.
Mustang 22, roger.
Mustang 33, roger.
Mustang 44, roger.
Drop!
Please don't let them hit me, please don't let them hit me, please don't let them hit me...
When you're that scared, you're more likely to get hit!
Bullets are attracted to cowardice! Be confident, and the bullets will run from
Mustang 33!
Use my orange color to guide you in.
Nao, that's too fast!
I'll drop using the decoys as a shield, and right after the objective leaves the clouds,
I'll fall until the very last second and then decelerate.
Objective sighted.
Enemy Kataphrakt approaching!
Mustang 22, drop zone secured.
Mustang 22, I have eyes on you. Approaching.
Don't do anything stupid, Nao!
The more I thinned out their AA guns, the easier it would be for the stragglers.
Hey, wait! Are you saying you did it to help me?!
This isn't right. Comms are too clear.
Sorry this isn't first class, Princess!
Please don't go to any trouble over me.
Control to Princess 1. Stand by in drop position.
Roger. Princess 1, proceeding to drop position.
Whatever happens, protect your fellow passenger. At any cost.
Even your life.
Princess 1, prepare for drop.
Princess 1, ready for drop.
Princess 1, drop!
Princess 1, dro-
Enemy attack!
What happened?!
That can't be right... There's nothing on radar!
Anti-air warfare!
Protect the Deucalion!
The Deucalion...
They transplanted the Aldnoah from the other machine,
but with Orlane dead, they could not activate it...
So, it was Princess Asseylum who activated it, then.
Accursed ship!
Mustang 44!
Son of a bitch!
Damage report...
Starboard side, antigravity devices 2 through 7 offline...
We are losing altitude...
Funnel all our energy into propulsion!
Set course for...
We'll board the damn thing with this ship!
Where's Seylum?!
I haven't gotten the signal yet!
Warrant Officer Kaizuka! Three o'clock!
That's... the Deucalion?
All units, scatter!
