Pain that wont heal
Sadness you feel
Scars that just refuse to fade from memory
Sometimes the burdens too much for one to bear
Dont give up on me, please dont turn me away
Whoa!
Ill hold your hand in mine
Will I lose my hold on her someday?
Will her smile fade in a flood of tears Or can I keep the fears at bay?
Echoing, distant voices wither into silence.
But there is one thing that will never ever age
My love for you is timeless
Pain that wont heal
Sadness you feel
Smiles with hearts bitterness replaced
Ill never smile again”
Ill never let love in”
Dont ever say such things to me
A future we cannot see
All happenings Find meaning in the story
In time the clouds will clear away,
so just stay, please stay with me Whoa!
Who are we to pass through you? Whoa!
That answer will find you someday
The last specimen I had was a grubby old man.
He kept calling his apprentices or grandsons name the whole time.
It was so creepy
Do you want to see his picture?
Its after the experiments were done so his original form wasnt maintained.
What was the name of his apprentice?
Goodness
It seems once my experiments are concluded, I lose all interest.
Whats that?!
The name of his apprentice
Do you want me to tell you?
The name of his apprentice is
Uryu Uryu Ishida!
This person is Soken Ishida. He was my teacher.
As well as my grandfather!
Oh And?
By the pride of the Quincy
I will kill you!
Oh
Even though I immobilized your limbs with the Ashisogi Jizo,
you managed to stand up
I know why It is
Ransotengai!
Countless threads of spirit particles bundle together
and connect with immobilized parts to forcibly move them,
like the strings of a puppet!
Originally, elderly Quincies, in order to continue fighting Hollows,
developed this technique.
Whether their tendons were cut, or their bones were crushed,
it meant nothing with this technique.
It exists so that one can fight until ones body falls to bits.
The Quincies ultimately superior battle technique
I had thought it was a lost art.
In fact, of the 2,661 subjects I have researched,
no one could use even a hint of that technique.
And for you to use it at such a young age
A genius, one could say.
Genius? You shouldn't refer to it by such a commonplace term.
What?!
My Ransotengai is neither an ordinary defense technique
nor a way to prolong my life.
Until I avenge my master, even if Im reduced to a corpse,
it is the expression of my will to fight!
Let me retract the term genius.” Youre just a greenhorn little brat.
Uryu
I heard you went to your grandfathers place again.
How many times have I told you; stop going there.
B-But-
Dont make excuses!
Ive told you time and again. Its pointless to save the dead.
Father-!
Thats the Soul Reapers job.
You only need to study how to save the living.
I have no interest. You have no talent.
The Quincies will end with your grandfathers generation.
Do you understand?
Father Why do you hate the Quincies so much?
Because they dont make any money.
Hmm There is truth in what he says.
These days, you cant put food on the table by being just a Quincy.
With a family to support, thats a big problem.
But still
Hmm What he says is right.
B-But I can see them!
The Hollows, and the people being attacked by them
The Soul Reapers cant handle them all.
Ive seen it with my own eyes!
Im sure Dad can see it too.
So how how can he say those things?
Master Hmm?
I want to become strong!
I want to become strong!
I want to become a strong Quincy and protect everyone from the Hollows.
If I do that, then Im sure Father will acknowledge the Quincies
Thank you, Uryu, my boy
Pretty good. Maybe I could be interested in you
I wont kill you. Ill take you back alive.
And have you be my research subject.
But Uryu Try to understand your father too.
If you wish to protect changes,
then your sense of justice changes as well.
It is like that.
What Father wants to protect? What is that? Money?
There will come a time when you understand.
And by that time,
you should understand what it is that you truly wish to protect.
For that time, I shall leave this with you.
This is?
This is the Sanreishuto.
It is a glove with the power
to disperse spiritual particles at a high level.
If you put this on and create a bow,
and are able to maintain it for seven days and seven nights,
you will become infinitely closer to the pinnacle of the Quincy powers.
However, once you go there, Uryu
you must never remove this glove.
For if you do, at that moment,
your ability to draw in spirit energy will have surpassed the limits of a Quincy.
Too strong of a flame, and you will burn yourself.
If you remove the glove,
for a moment you will gain enormous powers, however
you will surely lose all your Quincy powers as well.
Well, shall we go now? To my laboratory.
I wouldnt want to kill you before that.
One day, youll understand your fathers feelings
and when you find that which you truly wish to protect,
at that time, if you still wish to follow the ways of the Quincy
You will surely come upon an unavoidable battle.
And a time may come when you must thrust yourself
into a battle far beyond your abilities.
When that time comes, use this Sanreishuto.
However, I will say it again,
once you put this on, you must never take it off.
I know of many ways to take you with me without killing you.
That is, if you dont mind experiencing some hellish pain.
Shall I demonstrate one of those methods now?
There is a limit to the Ransotengai. I cannot hold out forever.
Im sorry Master
I still dont understand my fathers feelings.
And I probably dont understand what I truly want to protect.
But that which cannot be forgiven
I think I do know that one.
Im sorry Master
Ijust once more
I must disobey you!
Ijust once more
I must disobey you!
Wh-What? What is that?!
Wh-What is with that attire?
What is with that Spiritual Pressure?
Ive never known such a thing!
That!
Hes absorbing the structures nearby?
All the structures in the Soul Society are constructed entirely of spirit particles.
Hes managing to break those bonds
and is forcibly absorbing the spirit particles.
In other words, the subjugation of the spirit particles!
Youre exceeding the limits allowed to humans, you brat!
Hes fast! But if this is all
Weep and beg for forgiveness. And never appear in front of me again.
If you do that, I may let you go.
If you refuse, the next attack will be three times that!
Dont get carried away, you brat!
A mere Quincy, toying with me
Fine.
Then I shall respond with appropriate force!
Bankai!
Whats that? Ban?
Konjiki Ashisogi Jizo!
No way! That zanpaku-to was already released!
Didnt you know zanpaku-to have two stages of release?
What?!
Ashisogi Jizo is the first stage of my zanpaku-to, the Shikai.
And this Konjiki Ashisogi Jizo is the second stage.
In other words, the Bankai.
The deadly poison that this thing spews will kill off all of you!
Its regrettable that I cant do research
on an excellent specimen such as you.
Go!
SirMayuri
Damn it YouQuincy lowlife!
The ability to liquefy whatever it cuts
That was close, Quincy.
Ones last ace in the hole should only be used after much consideration.
In case he needed to escape, he left himself that ability! Damn it!
Its useless.
Although I cannot make any attacks in this form,
I cannot be attacked in any way either.
For a few days, I cannot change back from this form,
but during that time Ill return to the Bureau and tend to my wounds
Farewell Quincy
It was a bit cumbersome, however, I will live and you will die.
That outcome will not change.
Damn it!
The poison At this rate
Q-Quincy
Behind the Lieutenants emblem on my left arm
I have the antidote
Wouldnt you be more comfortable lying down?
No This is fine.
Yes, behind it there
You first.
No, Im all right.
My body is made of the same substance as Sir Mayuris body.
This toxin will not kill me.
Are you thinking this may be a trap?
If so, please bring it up to my mouth. I will drink to show you.
No.
Theres no reason to entrap someone
who would have been poisoned to death anyway.
Thank you very much.
Had you aimed for the head, you could have killed Sir Mayuri.
But you did not
It was a fluke. I had fired intending to kill him.
But you refrained from killing Sir Mayuri.
That antidote is a token of my appreciation.
I dont get it.
How could you feel that way about someone like that?
I do not understand it either.
But, when I realized that he was still alive,
I was somewhat relieved.
Well if youve drunk it, please go!
I will be all right. Soon the troops will arrive.
Thank youfor the antidote.
Good bye.
It hurts My body feels heavy My legs
I cant raise my arm either
Damn I guess the end is nearing for my time as a Quincy.
Orihime I
Im sure shes doing fine.
Im sure that guy from Squad Eleven would lead her here.
Ichigo Chad Yoruichi Ganju
I wonder how they are.
I have to believe that they will arrive here.
Thats right! If Im the first one here, I could rescue Rukia myself.
I bet Ichigo wants to save her himself.
If I did that, hed be ticked off.
I bear no ill feelings.
However, for the sake of our peace, I must eliminate you.
Cry, Suzumushi!
Happy people
Come on, come on, come on
Happy people
Here we go!
Everybody stand up! Everybody fight!
Within your heart, you may feel uneasy
But keep your head right up!
To the sky!
No matter when (Oh yeah!)
No matter where (Oh yeah!)
Just call me anytime! (Oh yeah!)
Ill be here for you
Happy people in the house!!!
With a tough smile
Happy people in the house!!!
Lets live!
Wow
Happy people in the house
All right
Happy people
Oh goodness, once I've taken this form, I can't get back to normal for a while.
Never mind eating, I can't even take a shower.
I wonder if I had a big enough container-!
Hey! Don't pour water on me! You're diluting me!
It's more inconvenient than I imagined.
