Graduation
Captain Simon, congratulations on successfully
destroying the enemy base on RA221.
Indeed, that was splendid!
We finally managed to land a blow against the Wulgaru army.
There's hope yet that we can change the tide of this war.
The real battle has yet to begin.
Until now, the Wulgaru has taken us lightly,
but that strike will serve as an excuse to launch a massive attack.
Precisely.
We must prepare for the Wulgaru's counter-attack.
We have already confirmed signs of enemy movement.
You are speaking out of line, Deputy Amane.
My apologies.
But after this, I imagine the MJP will be back
on track, training pilots.
If they pump out more excellent students,
we might actually win this war!
Yes, indeed!
We need to increase the AHSMB unit's production speed.
Yo!
See, that was a pretty hard fight back there,
so maintenance has been killer.
Our Rhinos are just prototypes for your AHSMBs.
But the way you fought with them...!
You guys should be able to show us up easy.
You've just gotta get a grasp on your units first.
Our DNA has been programmed into our units,
which makes piloting them relatively easy.
But don't rely too heavily on your machine's abilities.
If one side relies too heavily on the other, the relationship is screwed.
So, did ya need somethin'?
I don't have any porn on hand if that's what ya want.
Uh, no!
We received orders to return to the academy again.
I just wanted to say Goodbye first.
That right?
Well, I'm sure we'll run into each other again someday.
After all, the enemy is already on the move.
Oh, right! Before I forget.
This contains the data from our last battle.
I had it stored on my Rhinos.
One of our duties is to collect combat data for future generations.
Thank you.
Hang in there!
After this, we'll be headin' back to the frontlines.
See ya'round.
Right!
Data from the Rhinos units, huh?
As far as the bigwigs are concerned, all of us are just data.
Where is Doberman going next?
Back to the frontlines.
Is that right?
We'll see them again.
Huh? What're you doing here?
Why the heck did you come back?
Well, we're not sure why ourselves.
You're still lacking where it counts.
That's what makes you the Fail Five!
That last strike only worked because
those other pilots were there, huh?
Just try not to make the rest of us look bad.
Asagi!
This place never changes!
Yep. It's kinda relaxing.
That isn't relaxing!
And here we're working our butts off!
Seriously!
Ah, sirs!
Instructor Suzukaze is calling for you.
Oh, thank you.
It was nothing.
Now if you'll pardon me, Team Fail.
Team Fail?
Did she do that on purpose?
She seriously thought that was our team name...
Huh?
What does graduating entail?
In short, it means you have completed your training
and will officially enter the GDF army.
The five of you will be graduating early.
Likewise, I will be transferring with you.
I will be the captain of the Godinion: your superior commander.
Pack your belongings in your dorm rooms.
You will return to Star Rose tomorrow
and remain on standby until tomorrow's mission.
Understood?
What Life Brought You
Now they're rushing us through graduation?
Guess that means, From now on,
we can throw you into as many battles as we want! huh?
Aren't you going to miss this place?
I never dreamed I'd feel this way when I first came here...
We were practically thrown into the school.
Boy was I shocked when I found out we were on the same team...
Now for the next team.
Toshikazu Asagi,
Ataru Suruga,
Izuru Hitachi,
Kei Kugimiya,
and Tamaki Irie.
Ma'am...
Yes?
Everyone is younger than me...
Is that a problem?
So if you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
Come to think of it, Suruga, didn't you start out pretty quiet?
I had no idea what to talk about!
Our memories had just been wiped.
True enough.
Aside from class and the weather, there was nothing to talk about.
Whoo, class!
Team Rabbits, you have excellent offensive capabilities and mobility,
but you're getting E's in cooperation, concentration and operational stability!
Cooperation is an outright E-!
That'd give her a fairly large cup size...
What are you talking about?
An F would have been even better yet.
E is the lowest grade you can get!
Uh, guys...!
For some odd reason, everyone started to open up after that.
All thanks to me, huh?
Not quite...
Keep out of this.
Doesn't it feel empty now?
Yeah...
Could I take this with me?
Sure, didn't it belong to whoever stayed here before us?
It's a tattered mess, anyway.
It's the first manga I ever read.
NEW SERIALIZATION! BUDDY SPIRITS 3
Well, this is a load off.
It's nice knowing that we don't have to come back here anymore.
Sure is!
I bet no one dreamed we'd be piloting the high-tech AHSMB units
and graduating ahead of everyone else.
Not in their wildest dreams!
Hey, where are you going?
Gonna cry?
You're gonna cry by yourself, aren't ya?
I want to draw one last sketch.
FAIL
In the end, I never could get this to come off...
What are you doing here?
Right back at you, Kei!
We came to clean out our desks.
How to Get a Wonderful Girlfriend Learn how girls think! Ways for'meh' guys to find romance!
That's a magazine for guys.
DANCING CAKES Make dough for popular cakes, simple baked sweets that make your mouth dance, and French recipes you've always dreamt of.
Ladies, what were you two doing during class?
You're not one to talk!
No wonder we were called the Fail Five.
It's seriously no wonder at all, huh?
So this is where you went!
What are you up to?
Uh, nothing...
Asagi was wanting to fly one last lap around the campus.
I never said that!
Your AHSMBs are currently being transported to the school.
Lieutenant Amane.
First Lt. Shirato.
Is something the matter?
Not really. The meeting just ended.
All of the economic powers
are squabbling over the AHSMB technology and units.
After fighting a losing war for so long, we had our first victory.
It's only natural for the MJP and the AHSMBs to garner attention.
But they don't care about fighting the enemy!
Each country merely wants to stand above the others.
Fighting the Wulgaru isn't easy,
but Earth politics are no laughing matter either.
They're so desperate for the technology
that some are asking to sponsor Gurantseere Cosmopolitan Academy.
Others are trying to volunteer new students.
Doesn't this fall outside of your jurisdiction?
Yes, but with Commander Simon away...
Is he visiting the academy?
Are they ready?
Sir! They are already packed. I believe they could leave tomorrow.
Very well.
I believe it is still too soon for them
to become official members of the army...
Your reasoning?
They have not fully mastered their AHSMBs...
Plus they still seem uncertain about the JURIA-SYSTEM.
Due to their innate personalities,
Tamaki Irie and Ataru Suruga are adjusting to
the SYSTEM relatively well.
However, Asagi and Kugimiya both
deteriorate and freeze on the battlefield.
At times, Izuru Hitachi displays bursts of power, but not reliably.
But there is nothing left for you to teach them here.
I imagine the JURIA-SYSTEM can only be mastered on the battlefield.
It requires situations where they put their very lives on the line.
I will see to tomorrow's preparations.
What are those?
AHSMB?!
Awesome! Are they real?
They're nothing like our practice units.
Why the heck do we have to do a demonstration?
Don't ask me!
Good morning.
You're here early.
This is just a demonstration.
It's hardly something to stress out over.
We're stressed BECAUSE it's a demonstration.
It could be scarier than a real battle.
Do we seriously have to go through with this?
As I explained yesterday,
Blue 1 and Red 5 will perform linkages.
Gold 4 will fire while under 1G.
You'll be using live ammo,
so bear in mind the gravity, wind, humidity
and air density while calculating your trajectory.
Purple 2 will issue orders and Rose 3 will offer aerial support.
That comprises this demonstration.
The one thing I suck at...
You failed once in front of the entire universe, remember?
Shut it!
At least you get to show off!
All I get to do is shoot!
Don't tell me...
I'm issuing orders from THERE?
You're on stage!
That might be the most embarrassing job...
Team Rabbits will hereby offer you a demonstration.
I never expected a mission like this before graduation...
Let's do our best!
This is a great chance to rid ourselves of the name Fail Five.
Dude, you're planning to become an instant school hero, aren't you?
This really is a great opportunity, isn't it?
Assuming we don't fail!
Blue 1, Gold 4, Red 5, take off!
Blue 1, Red 5, linkage!
Rose 3, blast off!
Tamaki, you went lower than you were supposed to...
Gold 4, now!
No one was watching me!
Who was that applause for?!
That is all for their demonstration.
It's over...
I'm beat!
Hey!
Sorry for everything.
It won't be the same without you guys.
Although we'll be hitting the frontlines soon enough.
Bye! Let's meet up again sometime, Fail Five!
Of all the nerve!
Graduates, enter.
Come receive your medal of rank, Tamaki Irie.
Ma'am!
Kei Kugimiya.
Toshikazu Asagi.
Ma'am!
Are you all right?
What a doozy...
What were you thinking, Asagi?
I'll regret it forever.
I bet that gave you three holes in your tummy.
Did you get hurt?
Nah, I'm fine.
Asagi hogged all of the attention back there, didn't he?
That's not the type of attention I want!
Hurry on!
We'll never come back here again, will we?
Yeah...
That's kinda... sad.
From now on...
Wherever our team is, that will be where our home is.
Let's strive...
That's not our team name!
Really?
Don't gimme that!
Stoopy-poopy-doopy head!
Look!
Stronghold of Lust
