What?
Mesto Meadrich lost his Crest and his territories, you say?
And to whom?
A wandering Lord by the name of Theo.
Also, he's making it known that he's joining the Alliance rather than the Federation.
Oh? How fortunate.
Just when we're on the brink of war, a Crest and territoy come falling into our laps!
No time to lose, we move to attack!
I have no objections...
But you're talking about a cross-border invasion.
The Lords of Clovis will be sure to give you an earful.
Once I seize that Crest and land, it won't matter!
I can take one wandering Lord in my sleep!
You're telling me that all this territory is mine now?
The three villages in this territory have recognized you as their Lord.
It seems they were being taxed too heavily.
There's no need to collect taxes!
But that's not how it works. You'll need funds to run your territory.
All I wanted was a court rank high enough to govern my hometown.
In terms of court rank, you've likely met that goal.
Though I have no idea how big your village is.
It's a small, impoverished town.
We struggle just to survive there. And still, too many end up dying.
I couldn't take it anymore, so I left the island.
And you see that as having fled your hometown?
Sometimes I feel that way.
And you suspect that becoming stronger to save your village is just an excuse?
You really are relentless.
Well, that sets my mind at ease a little. I'll stoop to any means to achieve my goals.
And if you were the overly scrupulous type, Lord Theo, that might not sit well with you.
What are the neighboring Lords up to?
Most likely, they're all vying to be the first to seize this land.
Well, I'd be worried otherwise. We wouldn't stand a chance if they joined forces.
So tell me...
Who do you think will make the first move?
The Lord whose territory lies to the east. The ruler of Savis, Lassic David, I would think.
Although he's of modest means, he's extremely ambitious.
He's already bolstered his troops for battle, and even hired some mercenaries.
Should we bring in some mercenaries of our own?
No.
Under these circumstances, I doubt anyone decent would show up.
I'm not crazy about the idea, but I'm considering calling a friend.
Lady Siluca, you have friends?
Of course I do! Don't look so surprised.
I want you to continue monitoring our territory and what's brewing nearby.
You may not have time to rest, but I'm counting on you.
I accepted that the moment I decided to serve you, Lady Siluca.
Because I knew you'd run me into the ground.
Thanks.
Now then...
Our worlds exist infinitely, and shall never intersect.
Still, dimensions will distort, casting a shadow onto a parallel world.
Converge!
Cait Sith of TIr Na nOg!
Long time no see.
It's been a long time, Sir Balgary.
I grant you permission to pick me up.
And to rub me behind my ears.
I am honored.
So why did you summon me?
I want you to deliver a message to Aishela for her to come here.
Aishela?
That woman makes me uncomfortable.
I am aware of that.
But I will thank you with all your favorite foods on your return.
That so?
In that case, I shall carry out your wish.
I see things look pretty hectic here.
Well, since there's no telling when a neighboring Lord will attack us, so...
What's your intention in all this, exactly?
I sort of get that you didn't want to enter a contract with the Lord of Artuk.
Truth is, I didn't want a contract with anybody.
Those Lords always lust for Crests and power, so it's a vicious cycle of conspiracy and war.
I believe that whoever completes the Emperor's Holy Seal,
and restores order to this world...
You mean the legendary hero?
Yes. A Lord like Leon, who will never lose sight of his ideals.
That's who I wish to serve.
Well, but my ideals are pretty trivial.
Trivial?
Wanting to bring bliss to an entire village is not trivial at all.
And my goal is to make sure that happens.
And what's in it for you?
The chance to revel in my own talent!
Even after I've gained power, and I never forget my ideals, you'll be fine with that?
That will do!
I'll take care of the rest.
What is it?
Nothing. I'll leave everything to you.
I'll do whatever you say.
Thank you very much.
At last, the first step toward my ambition!
The enemy seized Meadrich's castle with scant numbers.
I'm sure they've got some skilled ones on their side.
If we're talking sword skills, I'm no slouch either!
Behold the might of these fifty expert troops I've trained.
Plus five mercenaries in the fold!
These forces are more than you can afford.
Then again, you did give up most of the fortune your predecessor built up.
I just have to take Meadrich's land to make the money back.
So I'm going all-in!
But if you lose, it all goes down the drain.
I just have to win. Am I wrong?
You're not wrong.
The issue is our opponents also have a mage. So you're gonna have to pitch in, too.
Siluca Meletes, right? I happen to know that one.
I mean, sure, she's gifted, but nowhere near my level!
I knew I saw something special in a mage like you!
Moreno, I'm asking you to lend me your power.
I understand. Leave it to me.
Mobilize!
Ah, here they come now.
What should I do?
Please stand here.
Huh?
Are you saying I don't have to fight?
Yes. Now I know the battle's a surefire win!
So you actually have a friend?
She was my senior when we were apprentices.
Though, in the end, she never did become a mage.
Siluca!
Sir Balgary!
Siluca!
Siluca!
L-Lord Theo, this is Aishela, an Artist.
Lord Theo?
Hey, who are you? What are you to Siluca?
My name is Theo.
I'm the unfortunate Lord she's under contract to.
You signed on with a loser like this?
Lord Theo happens to have magnificent ideals.
And what else?
S-Such magnificent ideals, and uh...
Oh! My poor Siluca!
Stop! Please!
I'm won't ask why Siluca would serve someone like you.
However...
If you do anything unsavory to her just because you're her master,
you're a dead man!
How are you feeling now, sir?
I'll live. I saw stars for a moment, that's all.
Who's that?
This is Sir Balgary.
He'll become king of the Cait Siths one day.
See to it that you make no blunders.
N-Nice to meet you.
Lucerne Hammer.
You're my choice today.
Now, then...
Shall we dance?
By the way...
What's up with the outfit?
I don't have anything else that's easy to move in!
It's all right, it's all right!
You're adorable no matter what you wear!
I do not see the enemy mage.
He's using an Invisibility Spell.
I'm sure he's planning to swoop in and attack after evaluating the situation.
Attack!
Aishela, to the right. Irvin, take center.
And I'll thwart them from the left.
I'm off!
All right, see you later.
You sure about this?
The earth is unmoving. Yet is not invariably so.
The sea becomes land, the land becomes mountain.
Rise up!
Let's go around!
Surge forth!
Sorry about that.
Oh? You evaded that?
I was trying to go a bit deeper.
It's been a while, Moreno.
You seem to be doing well, little Siluca.
Was he targeting me from the start?
Do you have time for this?
While you dawdle here, your Lord could get himself defeated.
I'm aware of the situation. You've got some formidable allies.
Fortunately, yes.
But if I take you hostage, victory will be ours.
You see, I'm hard to beat in situations like these.
You might as well surrender, little Siluca.
You really think I'd surrender?
You haven't changed at all, huh?
Parry!
Abjuration Magic, huh? But how long you can keep it up?
If you're already spent after just this, it proves you have no talent as a mage!
Allow me to guide you to the afterlife!
Don't provoke her without thinking!
What? Not attacking?
Fall back!
All I want is to make short work of them so I can go to Siluca's aid.
So annoying!
So this is your doing, eh?
You put up a good fight!
Pierce her by going through me!
Whoa, whoa.
F-Fall back!
Beyond annoying... But I think I like him!
When this battle's over, let's be friends, okay?
You bastard! Are you a Shadow?
I am a footman.
So that's the toughest one to beat.
Captain Gluck!
Hoo-haw!
Just as I thought, it didn't work on him.
Damn you!
You seem pretty winded, little Siluca.
Right back at you. Your strikes are becoming more labored.
Right, then I'll end this now.
Siluca!
Lord Theo!
What are you doing here?
This may be my first battlefield, but even I can tell which side is losing.
I should've made my move sooner.
After all, as your Lord, this is my battle.
Right...
I'm your opponent!
Fine by me.
So I guess you have no intention of surrendering?
You actually think you can beat me with these skills?
Sure I can!
You're out of breath!
And you're beginning to stumble!
Not now... I can't...
Why don't you attack, damn it?
Because I haven't found any openings.
In that case, allow me to
Lord of the neighboring nation!
I have captured your mage!
Moreno!
This is absurd.
Lord Lassic wouldn't even flinch over having his mage caught.
I surrender!
I wish to become your subordinate.
Subordinate?
I think you can go ahead and accept.
Are you throwing away your ambition?
I would never.
If we serve this Lord, we'll never be defeated at the hands our neighbors.
If we play our cards right, Savis, Clovis,
as well as Forvis to the south, could all be conquered.
My ambition is not to become emperor.
Even if I'm serving another, being able to reign over one nation is enough.
Your ambition is so paltry...
That's all I'm capable of.
Even so, it's something I can't do alone.
That's why I brought you onboard.
Lord Lassic...
I see you're under contract to a fine Lord yourself.
That robe certainly becomes you.
Sir Lassic, I accept your proposal.
I, Lassic David, offer my Crest to you as your own.
I, Theo, accept they Crest and receive it as my own.
Congratulations!
Lord Theo has reached the court rank of Baron,
and a subordinate Crest has been granted to Sir Lassic.
AMBITION
That girl is prone to audacious action.
How would you have me deal with her?
To think an ignorant girl would dare insult you, Lord Villar.
Could you start by investigating what her motivations could be?
Then, if necessary, proceed to punish her.
Understood.
Won't you have a drink with me?
I truly appreciate the offer, my Lord,
but this issue with the Meletes girl is of utmost urgency.
I see. That's unfortunate.
No other man worships women as much as I.
So why can't anyone live up to my expectations?
Meeting a woman like my mother is no small feat, I see.
EPISODE 3: BATTLE FLAG
