This is the Sea of Mist I heard tell of.
Is it true that nobody's ever come back alive from it?
That's just a rumor.
There it is! This is gonna be a big haul!
All stop!
Alright, boss of the tin can, you're on!
I'm going to begin aggressive maneuvers.
Hideauze colony drawing near.
They've got overwhelming numbers.
Affirmative. Conjecture: On the other hand, in the area of fighting power, I am superior.
Suggestion: Carry out an independent mission.
That was the idea!
Alright!
Preparing fusillade.
That'll save us some effort.
Too slow!
At this rate, I can take out any number of them.
Affirmative.
It appears the Earth-type Hideauze are much weaker than the ones we've encountered.
Their combat efficiency is 1/120th of mine.
With current armaments, it is possible to continue attacking and drive them away.
No, I'm going to massacre the whole lot of them.
Deep Sea Secret
Alright, maintain current course. Watch the depth gauge.
He's sure it's this way?
I don't wanna get lost in the middle of a bunch of whalesquid.
They're supposed to be cursed, too.
Cut it out!
Leave it to me!
If we do everything according to plan, there's nothin' to worry about!
I won't panic again.
Bro, we're in deep shit here. I've never seen this many whalesquid at once.
Keep your cool. As long as we don't agitate them, we'll be fine.
We're taking a roundabout route, towards 10 o'clock.
10 o'clock! Roger!
Bro! That's...
Yeah. Like we thought. A genuine treasure island.
Did humans really create something as incredible as this?
I'll check it out. You stay here and keep watch.
Be careful, Bro!
Worrywart. I'll be right back.
I'm inside. There are gigantic machines around.
This place isn't just accommodations. It's an industrial facility.
Whalesquid!
This is amazing!
I'm not talking lousy spare parts, but genuine remains of the past civilization!
Bro, you've seen enough.
Either way, the two of us can't bring it up alone.
Even if we do come back, first I need to get a rough idea of the area.
Right now, I'm heading for the door.
What's this huge one?
Oh, no! This is a whalesquid nest!
Bro!
Goddammit! You bastards!
Pinion! Get away!
Bro!
Bro. I'm back...
Warning: Due to current maximizing, 23 of my energy has been consumed.
Operating underwater is inefficient.
I know. That's why I've got the handheld weapon.
What the...?!
The main force?!
Firing proximity fuse.
Roger!
The hell... So they can be killed...
They're not demons or anything like that!
What'd I tell you?
Ledo, how you doin' down there?
No problem.
Alright! Just keep it up. Lure those bastards out of their nest.
In another five minutes, we're gonna be ready to go.
Understood.
Right up ahead...
Warning: Density of enemy signs increasing.
Number of simultaneous targets is excessive. Recommendation: Retreat.
We're ready up here! Just say the word!
Understood!
Alright! Now!
Okay!
Drop'em!
Anti-shock barrier.
No damage incurred. Turning off shelter mode.
Situation report?
Currently, 67 of the enemy's offensive capability has been eliminated.
It continues to decrease.
Good.
I see. Once you're done there, move on to the next spot as per the plan.
It's workin' perfectly! Keep tossin' em!
Yeah!
Fine, but is that Yunboro gonna be okay?
It's fine. That tin can ain't your average Yunboro.
Then I won't hold back!
Look at all those lightbugs! That spray of water was glowing!
Even though fish can't live here, there are whalesquid, huh?
Where to next?
Inference: It appears the enemy force has retreated, likely to defend their base.
Their base... Is that the nest Pinion was talking about?
Echolocation analysis complete. Now displaying.
That...
What is this?!
Warning: Overall level of fatigue near the limit.
Recommendation: Temporarily retreat and then attack again later at full power.
I'd be a fool to let this chance get away.
Roger. Continuing the mission.
Ion concentration rising. Electrolysis reaction in progress.
Confirmed: Discharge of strong electromagnetic field in the target range.
What?!
Anti-shock barrier.
What is that?!
Don't tell me it's the curse...
This is Pinion. Ledo, can you hear me?!
Hey, Ledo! Tin can! What's wrong?! Answer me!
Ledo here.
So you're alright?!
Okay! Let's keep it goin' here, too!
Yeah!
I let my guard down. Still, contrary to their looks, they're all pretty weak.
Conjecture: A lack of natural enemies has resulted in devolution.
You can analyze it later.
How much energy do we have left?
53.
Okay!
Alright! Ledo and the tin can did it!
Now we can take all the treasure we want!
Yeah!
Everyone, prepare for landing!
Watch me, Bro.
Can you see anything?
Not a thing. The mist is too thick.
I hope the hottie is okay. After all, Pinion is in charge.
The least he could do is issue a progress report.
Right now, all we can do is put our faith in Pinion.
What is this?
Conjecture: Hideauze in the process of growing.
They're Hideauze children...
Much is unknown about the Hideauze life cycle. This is valuable information.
They're Hideauze?
Individual organism response analysis complete. All patterns match the Hideauze.
Henceforth, I will refer to them as Hideauze larvae.
A spawning ground...
Continuing the mission.
What was that?
Conjecture: This facility's administration block.
What's that?
Conjecture: A type of storage medium used in extreme environments.
Can the data be salvaged?
Successfully accessed. Now searching for data standard.
Approximate standard discovered. Reasoning engine activated.
Will attempt to restore as well as translate.
Restoration complete.
Alright. Open it.
Impossible to disclose data.
Impossible?
This facility is clearly a research facility from the ancient civilization.
However, this material is considered classified information by the Galactic Alliance of Humankind.
Classified information?
What's the point of that at a time like this?!
It is military protocol.
Look at where we are!
The highest-ranking person on site has the right to command.
Am I right?!
Affirmative.
Who's the highest-ranking person here?!
Ensign Ledo.
Ensign Ledo orders pilot support enlightenment interface system Chamber
to release the classified information!
Roger. The order will be carried out.
Don't be hasty. We need to scout it out first.
Make sure of your sounding and footing.
We know!
I'm counting on you, Ledo!
The human race must now start walking on its own two legs.
And the person who has volunteered to take that first step is right here, Ryan Matsumoto.
This is a dangerous mission...
That's because it's never been done before.
However, we're backed up by a wonderful staff, so with their help, this mission...
Now, with the fifth ice age almost upon us,
the necessity of our research has reached a critical level.
However, hasty scientific developments destroy old traditions
and ruin people's happiness, or so many of you fear.
But actually, religion and traditions have changed along with scientific advances.
And because of our continuous research, happiness may be attainable for the first time.
I take this opportunity to announce the birth of a free science citadel.
The activities of the Self-evolving Movement, nicknamed the Evolvers,
are drawing various protests from all over the world.
I think it's very unfortunate.
What about the doubts over human genome manipulation,
which also violates international treaty provisions?
Solving the problem that we're up against requires a more flexible response.
I would have to say that current international regulations are behind the times.
As a response to the increasing problem of the earth's cool-down period,
there are calls for the immediate development of space.
Right now in the Continental Union,
the development is proceeding apace of a space station and interstellar immigration ship.
This space development technology is essential,
but we can't say that it's perfect.
After all, machines aren't going into space.
We humans are.
Since last week's shocking leak of inside information,
the worldwide opposition movement against the Evolvers has stepped up.
The Continental Union didn't wait for a United Nations resolution
before dispatching a foreign fleet.
Meanwhile, there are a great number of countries that stand by the Evolvers.
It's expected that the situation will become even more complicated.
And so, the immigrants searched for a viable planet,
a search that would take at least dozens, maybe hundreds of years.
There was only one way to salvage this situation.
They applied mechanical engineering to biology.
By evolving the human body, we became able to adapt to the vacuum of space,
astronomical distances, and a vast amount of time.
The symbiont is a marvelous invention.
It can breathe oxygen underwater and withstand the water pressure of the deep sea.
Eventually, I'm sure it'll adapt to the absolute zero vacuum.
It gets nutrition support from the symbiotic nanomachines.
It's similar to photosynthesis, but is even more efficient.
Papa!
Papa!
We have to say bye-bye to Papa.
Papa is going away?
No, we'll be able...
Last week, the controversial Evolvers were under fire again
when their internal information regarding recruiting was leaked
and it became clear that a number of atrocious human experiments
violating international law had taken place.
While Earth's sustainable humanosphere is rapidly decreasing due to the cooling trend,
the war between the Continental Union and the Evolvers over escaping Earth is escalating.
Currently, the chief battlefields are in orbit and at floating launch facilities,
but it's thought that the war will continue to expand.
We've discovered that the Continental Union is working on a large-scale wormhole drive.
The facility includes a self-destruct system.
After completion, they'll simultaneously destroy it and escape the Solar System,
thereby stranding us on Earth, except now we know their plan.
This is our chance!
By attacking and seizing the wormhole drive for ourselves,
we Evolvers will be able to spread the domain of the living to unknown galaxies.
The Evolvers will dwell in infinite space and achieve eternal prosperity!
That is the end of the recorded information I could play back.
Several points of contradiction with official Alliance information are noted.
Its credibility is extremely low.
Then what was that?!
Who made it and for what purpose?!
Hypothesis: It is possible the enemy created it to manipulate information.
The enemy?! What's the enemy?!
I thought the Hideauze were a lower form of life!
Surviving Hideauze discovered. I will destroy it.
No!
Set all equipment-related stuff to starboard!
What the hell is Ledo doin'?
