Live till after noon!
Live TV till after noon!
Today's topic is: Is sexiness necessary for hero work?
And so, we have these two in the studio today-
Pro Hero - Mt. Lady - Quirk: Gigantification
A rookie hero who debuted just this year, Mt. Lady, and-
Midnight, who is currently teaching at U.A. High School!
Pro Hero - Midnight
Thank you both for coming today.
Please, have a seat.
Now, Midnight,
At debut
when you first debuted, your costume was so extreme that it created a stir,
eventually leading to the Regulations for Exposed Skin in Costumes bill
being submitted to the National Diet.
You're known as a veteran hero who changed the country.
It's still pretty bad right now, though.
Now I'm going for the ultra-thin style.
Many say that because of the nature of their Quirks, clothes obstruct their abilities.
It's not a matter of whether or not sexiness is necessary,
but rather that the result of necessity became seen as sexy.
It's just what you like, right?
What's with you?
Trying to pick a fight?
Of course not! It's just, how do I put it-I think you're amazing!
For your age.
Are you trying to show that your only redeeming feature is your youth?
Even though you're not that young?
I'm saying that if the older generation tries too hard,
then it's hopeless for us younger folks!
-You little...! -Hey, watch your hands!
You, too! Oh, jeez!
Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off
-Stop pulling! It'll rip! -It's ripped!
What an incredible episode!
Gear up for Final Exams
Okay, that's it for class.
Pro Hero - Eraser Head - Quirk: Erasure
There's only one week left until the final exams.
You all are studying properly, right?
I'm sure you already know,
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion
but it won't just be a written exam. There's also a practical component.
Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity
Make sure you train your minds and bodies at the same time.
That's all.
Midterm: 19th/20 Midterm: 20th/20
I haven't studied at all!
Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification
With the sports festival and internship, I didn't study at all!
Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow
It's true that we had one event after another, but...
Midterm: 14th/20
Rikido Sato Koji Koda
Midterm: 12th/20 Midterm: 11th/20
For the midterms, we'd just started school, so they didn't cover much,
so I didn't really have a hard time with them,
but with the back-to-back events and stuff, the finals will be different...
It'll be tough since there's a practical exam, too.
Midterm: 9th/20
N-Ninth on the midterms?!
And here I thought you were one of us!
Guys like you are only likable if they're dumb...!
Where's the demand for this?!
The world, I guess.
Ashido, Kaminari!
L-Let's do our best!
Midterm: 4th/20
We all want to go to the training camp together, right?
Yes! As class rep, I also have high hopes that you'll all be moved to action!
Midterm: 2nd/20
Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot
Midterm: 5th/20
It's pretty hard to fail if you just pay attention in class.
Be careful with your words!
Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation
Midterm: 1st/20
You two, I may be able to be of assistance with the class lectures.
Yao-momo!
I can't help at all with the practical, though...
Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack
I'm not one of those two, but can I join, too?
Midterm: 7th/20
I'm having some trouble with quadratic functions...
Huh?
Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape
Sorry, me too! How are you with classical Japanese?
Midterm: 17th/20
Huh?
Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail
I'd like to join, too.
Midterm: 8th/20
There's a bunch of stuff I don't get...
Please!
Everyone!
Yes, of course!
All right!
Then, let us hold a study session at my residence this weekend!
Seriously? I can't wait to see your house!
bounce bounce bounce
Oh, in that case, I must tell Mother and have her open up the hall!
Hall?!
What kind of tea are you all partial to?
Tea?!
In my family, we always drink Harrod's or Wedgwood,
so if you have any preference, let me know!
Of course, you can trust me to help you study, too!
I will definitely show you how I can help!
It's like she casually slapped me with the huge difference in how we were born...
Warm fuzzies... Warm fuzzies...
Warm fuzzies... Warm fuzzies...
What was that again? Harry's? That's fine.
Harrod's, right?
Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening
Midterm: 15th/20
Look at the difference in virtue.
Midterm: 3rd/20
I can do it, too! Want me to beat it into you?
Yeah, I'm counting on you!
Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Naval Laser Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms
Midterm: 10th/20
Everyone's panicking now,
even though it won't do any good to cram this late in the game.
Midterm: 18th/20
Shouldn't you try cramming a little?
What are you talking about?
What is it?
Lunch Rush's Eatery
The practical exam, huh?
It's kind of scary since I can't tell what'll be on it.
I don't think it'll be anything crazy.
The written exam questions will come from what we study in class,
so I should be able to manage somehow, but...
Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog
Midterm: 13th/20
You can manage, huh...?
Seriously, what'll we have to do for the practical exam?
Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility Midterm: 16th/20
It'll be a comprehensive test of everything from first semester.
Midterm: 6th/20
That's all Mr. Aizawa would tell us...
Everything we did so far... So, combat training and rescue training,
and then basic training...
In addition to studying, we'll have to keep in good physical conditio-
Oh, sorry. Your head was so big that I accidentally hit it.
Neito Monoma - Quirk: Copy
You're from Class B...
Um... Monoma!
How dare you-
I heard you guys met the hero killer.
Just like at the sports festival,
you guys in Class A just have to have all the attention, huh?
But that attention isn't because people have high hopes for you.
It's because you keep attracting trouble, right?
Oh, that's scary.
Someday, the rest of us might also be caught up in the trouble you bring
and become victims as well...
Like getting cursed by the god of pestilence!
Oh, that's sca-
Monoma, that's not funny.
Don't you know what happened to Iida?
Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist
Kendo!
Sorry, Class A. This guy's heart's just kinda, you know.
His heart...?!
You guys were talking earlier
about how you don't know what's gonna be on the practical exam for the finals, right?
Looks like it'll be combat against robots like in the entrance exam.
What? Really?!
How do you know?
An upperclassman friend of mine told me.
It's kind of cheating, though.
No, it's not cheating.
That's right, I'm sure gathering information ahead of time is also part of the test.
mutter mutter mutter
I see, I should've asked some upperclassmen...
Why didn't I realize?
Are you an idiot, Kendou?
We had an information advantage!
This was our chance to get ahead of the detestable Class A!
They're not detestable!
She's like the big sister of Class B, huh?
All right!
Oh, it'll be easy if it's robots!
Yeah, yeah!
You guys look like you'd have a hard time controlling your Quirks against people.
Yeah! But I can just let loose with robots, so it'll be a cinch!
And it'll be a cinch for me to melt them!
Now you just need Yaoyorozu to help you study, and you'll be set for the finals!
We'll definitely be able to go to training camp now!
You may one day have to fight against this great evil...
In order to prepare to face those words,
I have to make everything count from now on.
It doesn't matter if they're people or robots. They're the same if you beat'em up, right?
What're you idiots talking about it being a cinch for?
-Who're you calling an idiot?! -Shut up!
If you need to control your Quirk, then control it! Idiot!
Hey, Deku!
I don't know if you've figured out how to use your Quirk a little or what,
but you seriously keep rubbing me the wrong way.
Oh, he must be talking about how Deku was moving like Bakugo the other day.
Oh, yeah!
I don't need another half-assed result like at the sports festival.
At the upcoming finals, we'll get individual scores,
so we'll see who's better whether you like it or not.
I'll beat you with an indisputable difference!
I'll kill you!
Todoroki!
You, too!
It's been a while since I've seen Bakugo that intense.
Impatience...?
Or hatred?
Bakugo has gotten worse than I thought.
Yaoyorozu
Wow...
I knew she was rich, but I didn't think she was this rich...
Everyone, I have been waiting for you!
Please, come in.
I feel so out of place, it's making me nervous...
Me, too...
bounce bounce bounce
What is it?
Oh, nothing...
Written Exam - Day 1
Written Exam - Day 3
Pencils down, everybody.
The last person in each row, collect the answer sheets and bring them here.
Thanks, Yao-momo!
I didn't leave anything blank, at least!
And so, our three days of written exams were over.
And then, it was the day of the practical exam.
Practical Exam Area - Center Plaza
Now, we will begin the practical exam.
Of course, it is possible to fail this exam.
If you want to go to the training camp, then don't make any stupid mistakes.
There are a lot of teachers...
I expect that you all have gathered information ahead of time
and have some idea of what you will be doing.
We're fighting robot warriors like at the entrance exam, right?
Fireworks! Curry! Test of Courage!
Too bad!
For various reasons, the exam will be different starting this time!
Pop
Principal Nezu!
Different?
From now on, we want to focus on person-to-person combat and hero work,
and stress teaching that is closer to actual fighting.
So...
We'll have you form teams of two to fight against one teacher!
Against... the teachers?
Pro Hero - Nezu
In addition, the pairs and who each pair will be up against have already been decided.
Pro Hero - Present Mic
Pro Hero - Thirteen
These were determined at my discretion based on various factors,
Pro Hero - Cementoss
Pro Hero - Snipe
Pro Hero - Midnight
Pro Hero - Ectoplasm
Pro Hero - Power Loader
First, Todoroki and Yaoyorozu are one team,
and they're fighting me.
And Midoriya and Bakugo are a team,
and their opponent...
Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All
All Might?!
Work together to beat me, you two!
Denki Kaminari Quirk: Electrification He can discharge electricity and use it to attack or find enemies.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 6/29 Height: 168 cm Blood Type: O Likes: Hamburgers
Mina Ashido Quirk: Acid She can secrete acid from her body and use it to attack or move.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 7/15 Height: 159 cm Blood Type: AB Likes: Natto
A few days ago
With the connection between Hero Killer: Stain and the League of Villains,
Conference Room
there is the possibility that the villains will be reinvigorated, huh?
Of course, it would be better to prevent that before it begins,
but as a school, it would be best to be completely certain.
If we consider how fights against villains will continue to intensify in today's society,
then combat training against robots is not practical.
Originally, robots were used to avoid complaints
about people being injured in the entrance exams.
We can just ignore those. Let them say what they want.
We can't exactly do that now, can we?
I understand why you want to change the exam,
but having the students fight us in teams of two...
Yes, I think that is a bit unfair.
If we win too easily, we won't be able to give them grades.
Of course, we would take that into consideration and give the students a handicap.
Principal Nezu, what do you think?
Of course, I also agree with changing the practical exam.
What should we do to keep the students from being in even more danger?
The answer is simple.
We must have the students themselves become stronger.
That's true.
I have no objections.
Then, to determine the teams-
First, Todoroki.
In general, he's doing well,
but overall, he has a tendency to use brute force.
And Yaoyorozu is an all-rounder
but lacks the ability to make spur-of-the-moment decisions and apply them.
Therefore, I will erase their Quirks
and take advantage of their weaknesses in close combat.
No objections!
Izuku Midoriya Hero Class Aldera Junior High
Katsuki Bakugo Hero Class Aldera Junior High
Next, for Midoriya and Bakugo,
I'm leaving them to you, All Might.
For these two, I didn't pair them up based on ability or grades.
Just on how badly they get along.
You like Midoriya, right?
Please instruct them well.
Aizawa, you're paying attention.
And now, we'll announce the teams and the teachers they'll be up against all at once!
1st Match
2nd Match
3rd Match
4th Match
5th Match
6th Match
7th Match
8th Match
9th Match
10th Match
The time limit for the exam is thirty minutes!
Your objective is either to put these handcuffs on the teacher,
or to have one of you escape from the stage!
Capture the teacher or escape...
It's kind of like the combat training.
Is it really okay to run away?
Yup.
But it'll be different from the combat training!
You'll be up against someone waaay better than you!
Better... than us?
I can't really imagine it, though...
Dummy! Hey girl, watch your mouth! You hear?
This time, your exam will be very similar to a real battle.
Please think of us as villains.
Assuming you come across the enemy,
if you think you can win a fight against them, then that's fine.
However-
In cases where there's too big a difference in your abilities,
it would be smarter to run away and get help.
Todoroki, Iida, Midoriya.
I'm sure you three understand this well.
Idiot! The hero killer is after me and that kid in white armor, right?
Don't fight back. It'd be better if you ran away!
I won't make that mistake again.
I will pass this test and prove that!
Fight and win, or run and win.
That's right! Your decision-making skills are being tested!
But with these rules, you're probably thinking the only choice is to run, right?
That's why we had the support course make these for us!
Ultra compressed weights!
We'll put on about half of our body weight.
It's to give you a handicap.
It's old-fashioned, but it makes it hard to move and eats up stamina!
Oh shoot, they're heavier than I thought...
By the way, there was a competition to decide on the design,
and we ended up using Young Hatsume's.
It's my time to shine
Hatsume!
To allow us to consider fighting you, huh?
You're underestimating us.
I wonder.
All right, each team will take the practical exam in order on the prepared stage.
Sato, Kirishima, get ready.
Yes, sir!
Those waiting their turn can watch the exams or think of strategies as a team.
Do what you want.
That's all.
Ojiro, I would like to see what we can do with our Quirks.
Of course.
Tokoyami, let's come up with a plan.
Very well.
The problem is how to strip Ms. Midnight, right?
No. You're such a scumbag.
Monitor Room
Well, it looks like I'll have a lot of work today.
Pro Hero - Recovery Girl - Quirk: Heal
Oh?
You're watching, too, Deku?
Yeah.
We don't have many chances to see other students and the teachers fight.
Besides, even if I wanted to talk about strategies...
I see.
Well, for me...
It's like there's no point trying to talk to him.
Aoyama...
That's why I thought I'd try to use everyone else's fights for reference.
Yeah.
I have to pass this exam by any means possible.
Team Sato and Kirishima, practical exam.
Ready, go!
For this exam, we'll definitely get a higher score by capturing rather than running, right?
I think so.
Mr. Cementoss moves slowly.
Let's break through from the front and aim for a high score!
All right!
Rikido Sato. Quirk: Sugar Rush!
For every ten grams of sugar, he'll be five times as strong for three minutes!
However, when he uses sugar for power, his cognitive function goes down accordingly.
You came from the front after all, huh?
Let's go, Sato!
All right!
Not yet.
You can do it, Kirishima, Sato!
They won't win at this rate.
Kirishima and Sato's Quirks are amazing,
but there's a limit to how long they can use them.
On the other hand, I don't think Mr. Cementoss has that.
The more time passes, the more of a disadvantage Kirishima and Sato will be at.
No way...
This practical exam is pitting students against teachers
they'd have a hard time with on purpose.
I think the key will be how they deal with their weaknesses to pass.
That's exactly right.
Before your own turns come around,
you should think carefully about your compatibility with the teacher you'll fight.
I knew it.
This is never ending, man!
No matter how many I break, they just keep coming!
I'm sleepy... I'm tired...
Hey, keep trying!
I'm sleepy...
I-I'm running out of breath...
You're both extremely weak in a war of attrition.
Listen, in a fight, you have to see just how much you can push the things you're good at.
Team Sato and Kirishima retires due to both members losing consciousness.
Seriously?!
That's...
Kirishima's...?
Oh dear, it's only the first match, and I already have work?
No way...
It was this one-sided?
Their Quirks were too ineffective against his.
This exam is much harder than what I imagined.
On top of that,
Kacchan and I are up against...
Practical Exam Location 2
We, the examinees, are starting from the middle of the stage, huh?
In order to escape, we must pass through the designated gate, right?
Which means, the teacher's probably waiting for us by the gate.
Team Asui and Tokoyami, practical exam.
Ready, go!
I forgot to tell you...
We teachers are also trying to crush you with everything we have.
Prepare...
It's the preview!
Preview
Asui and Tokoyami are up against Ectoplasm!
And Todoroki and Yaoyorozu are up against Mr. Aizawa?!
The match has been decided before it even started, huh?
Hurry up and finish it so we can get to my turn!
Aoyama, before that, there's still Iida and Ojiro's exam...
That should be finished quickly, as well.
I can't do anything about it!
Next time, Yaoyorozu: Rising.
I'll say something shocking in the last scene, so look forward to it.
Go beyond!
Next time: Yaoyorozu: Rising
Plus Ultra!
