Beer! Get your beer!
Alright, it's that time of year!
The annual magic festival...
The Grand Magic Games!
That's some cheering.
I didn't realize there'd be so many people.
Both Fiore wizards
and a ton of regular spectators, it seems.
Y'know, I really don't like this outfit.
It's too late to whine about it now!
Master told us to wear matching team colors, right?
I like mine. It's cute.
Yep. Me too.
Say that after you put clothes on!
I don't believe this,
but I'm supposed to put this on...?
That's great!
You won't fit into Wendy's outfit, huh?
The problem is your body's gotten too big.
I was jazzed to participate in this,
but is Wendy okay?
Wendy!
Where was she?!
Near some bushes in the palace garden.
Wendy!
Natsu-san...
What happened?
I'm sorry...
I can't... really remember...
Wendy...
It seems she has magic deficiency disease.
Poluchka-san!
What are you doing here?
Something wrong with coming to cheer you on?
No!
You don't need to be that nervous around me.
I'm not going to eat you up.
Right...
I heard what's going on with you
and it made me worried, so here I am.
Let me have a look.
Just before, you said she has magic deficiency disease...
Yes.
Magic deficiency disease is when
the sudden loss of a great deal of magic power
causes all of the muscles to weaken.
If she's allowed to rest for a while, she'll recover.
What happened?
I don't really remember it clearly,
but there was some kind of black animal...
Wendy...
I'm sorry, everyone...
After all the training I did, I...
I can't participate...
Elfman-san...
Please compete in my place.
Of course! Leave it to me!
Okay, everyone leave.
She needs her rest now!
Let's go.
The only thing we can do right now is compete in the Grand Magic Games.
But that's not all of it, right? We have to become Fiore's number one guild!
Oh, quit crying.
The Grand Magic Games is a festival that lasts seven days.
If you recover, you should be able to take part.
On my honor as the advising apothecary of Fairy Tail,
I swear I'll cure you!
Thank you, Grandine.
Don't call me by that name!
New Guild!
Is the villain who harmed Wendy
someone connected to this tournament?
It's possible.
Someone trying to weaken us? Or...
All we can do now is do this!
We've gotta do our best, for Wendy's sake, too!
Alright, in just a moment, the curtain will rise on the Grand Magic Games.
I'm your emcee, Chapati Rola,
and next to me is former Council member, Yajima-san, who will provide the commentary.
Yajima-san, I look forward to working together.
Likewise.
And I'd like to introduce our guest for day one, the current Miss Fiore,
Blue Pegasus's Jenny Rearlight!
We're gonna win this year!
Alright, let's go!
Okay, the players are about to take the field!
Starting with the eighth-ranked team! Can they recapture their past glory?!
The group whose name clashes with their rowdiness!
Fairy Tail!
What?!
Booing, are they?!
What the heck is this?!
Fairy Tail has come in last place every year, but they survived the elimination round,
though even in that, they were eighth place.
Will the Tenrou bunch that created a sensation with their homecoming
now become Fiore's number one?!
Don't let it get to you.
I'm just glad they're back.
Congratulations, Fairy Tail.
Let's start cheerin''em on!
Hooray! Hooray! Hooray, Fairy Tail!
As long as we've got the support of our comrades. That's all that counts.
Yeah.
Hooray, hooray, Fairy Tail! Hooray, hooray, Fairy Tail!
What the heck is that?!
I don't believe it!
How...?!
Hooray, hooray, Fairy Tail!
Master Mavis!
I've come to show my support.
You came...
It's fine!
Only those bearing the guild's insignia can see me.
I, uh, don't know if that's the issue...
After all, I've got nothing to do being cooped up on Tenroujima all the time.
It's encouraging having the first master here to watch us!
Even though she's a ghost...
Alright! Let's move on with the team that finished seventh,
the hounds of hell, Quatro Cerberus!
Wild Four!
This is the year that we win, all you bastards!
In sixth place, the all-female guild,
the dancing girls of the great deep, Mermaid Heel!
I never heard of that guild!
In fifth place are the bright blue wings in pitch dark,
Blue Pegasus!
Do your best, everyone!
Continuing with fourth place! The goddess of love and war, the holy destroyer,
Lamia Scale!
Why did you come in fourth place?! Were you slacking off, you idiots?!
Sorry, Obaba-sama.
I screwed up...
Who the hell is she?
What happened to her usual love? Where's the love?
Cheria, don't get flustered.
Sorry, Lyon.
Cheria is Sherry's cousin.
Cousin?
She's totally strong!
No, I'm not.
I still don't have nearly enough love.
I'm complimenting you!
Don't blow your stack over that.
I guess the cousin's all about love too, huh?
Gray. Don't forget that promise.
If we win, Juvia joins our guild.
I don't remember agreeing to that,
but we ain't gonna lose to you people.
In that case, I'll take Erza-san.
You're not taking me anywhere!
As always, you exude an exquisite parfum...
I'll choose you.
Although it's not because I especially like you...
Have you been acting like this for the past seven years?
Then I choose Wendy-chan...
You've sure grown. In an unfortunate way...
Stupid.
Maybe I'll join Mermaid Heel!
That's off-topic!
Hey, I haven't seen that person before either...
Wild! Wild!
Are you sure that's a person?!
Wild Four!
Next up, finishing third in the elimination round...
Oh, my! This comes as a surprise! The first appearance of a guild, and in third place!
The midnight mobile force, Raven Tail!
Raven Tail?!
That's the guild of the master's son, Ivan...
But that's...
You're lettin' a guild like that participate in the Grand Magic Games?!
Master, calm down.
You'll fall from there...
Certainly, I sense malice coming off of them.
They said that's a Dark Guild.
I don't think I've heard of them before.
According to the official record,
Raven Tail has been around for more than seven years,
but they've only recently been recognized as a legitimate guild.
Recognized by the Guild Federation,
and not as a Dark Guild, right?
Damn you, Ivan... How dare you?!
How did you manage that?!
Keep it down, Father.
Don't spoil this day.
Fairy Tail...
The girl was just by way of greeting.
You guys did that to Wendy...
I'll get you for that!
Let's enjoy the festival.
Ivan...
Alright, there are still two more teams that made it through the elimination round!
That's right. There are still two more...
One must be Sabertooth, right?
And the other...
The main guilds are all already out here...
Was there another strong guild that kept itself hidden?
Does it have a connection to the magic power that Jellal was talking about?
The second-place finisher... oh, this is a shocker!
Will they become the soaring key with tattered wings?
The unbelievable, improbable...
Nee-chan!
Gajeel?!
Juvia?!
Isn't it against the rules for Laxus to be on the team?!
Another Fairy Tail team...
And what's Mystogan doin' there?!
Don't tell me, you're... Jellal?!
Seriously?!
Juvia...
That's the one you love, Lyon?
That's Fairy Tail for you. Two teams made the cut...
Laxus... and Gajeel...
What the hell is this?!
Why does Fairy Tail get two teams?!
That's too wild!
Well, it looks like a lot of people are up in arms
over a revision of the rules this time, Yajima-san.
For this tournament, each guild can have one team, which is nice,
but they can also have two teams participating.
I didn't hear anything about that, Master!
You see that?! That's Fairy Tail!
The final round will be a battle between all of the teams,
but will members of the same guild be able to fight each other?
I don't think they'd have a problem with it...
But it's not really fair, is it?
For example, if one member from each team competes in an event,
it's like only Fairy Tail gets to fight as a pair, right?
You're saying that out of over 100 teams,
the two winning Fairy Tail teams have an advantage, yes?
That is an advantage to them-mabo.
Mabo?
I see! That's how there were so many teams participating.
Gimme a break!
We may be in the same guild, but I go all out in a showdown an' show no mercy!
You guys are competing as another team, so you're the enemy!
I ain't gonna lose against you bastards!
You took the words right out of my mouth...
Gajeel's gotten a lot stronger.
Not strong enough to beat Natsu!
At any rate, B team looks totally tough!
Let's all do our best, right, Elfman?
Nee-chan...
Jella... Mystogan... You...
You've got a very understanding master.
When I explained the circumstances to him, he consented readily.
You said you wouldn't come near the venue.
At the time, I hadn't yet thought of this method.
It's an infraction of the rules. You're not a member of our guild.
Though I've heard that Mystogan and I are the same person in a sense...
Oh, don't get so huffy about it.
This is a festival, right, Mystogan?
That's right, Erza.
But one thing, Mystogan...
Mystogan is just a little more tight-lipped.
Be careful.
Understood.
That masked person isn't a member of the guild, is he?
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I told you not to do it.
I tried to stop him.
But he's not evil.
Strangely enough, I sense that he has the same heart as those who bear the insignia of our guild.
It's a long story, but in a sense, you could say he is a member of our guild.
I see. So that's this world's Jellal.
The prince...
Is he strong?
Oh, sure. He was formerly counted as one of the 10 Great Wizard Saints.
I approve.
So that Fairy Tail wins!
That's the first master for you...
Even if the logic is twisted, she doesn't care...
That's our guild in a nutshell.
So, have you noticed anything?
Other than Raven Tail being suspicious, nothing especially.
That guild is making its debut here, right?
They don't mesh with the magic power I sense every year.
How about you? Do you sense that magic power or whatever now?
No. Not yet.
Gajeel-chan...
Alright, we've just got one more team left to introduce!
That's right, you know who it is!
They're the strongest, invincible, indisputable champions!
Sabertooth!
So here you are, huh?
Let's have a good time, Natsu-san!
Who the hell are you starin' at?!
Gajeel...
So that's Fiore's strongest guild?
Good luck, Sting-kun!
Fro is cheering you on, too!
Are those Exceeds in the stands?!
Don't you lose, Natsu!
Gajeel, do your best!
And now, all of the teams are here,
but what are your impressions, Yajima-san?
I envy their youth!
That's not really what I meant...
Okay, everyone, you've waited long enough.
I'm going to announce the program of the Grand Magic Games!
So there's a competition and battle every day?
Battle, huh?
Starting with the competition,
points have already been divided among the teams,
according to their ranking in the elimination round, from first to eighth.
Now for the competition part, each team can select one of their members to take part.
And for the battle part,
the results of fan votes will be taken into consideration
when the sponsors make the pairings.
What?!
They can decide on the match-ups however they want?!
In other words...
then be forced into battle.
The rules for the battle part are simple.
As you can see, the teams face off against each other,
with the winning team receiving ten points
and the losing team getting zero points.
In the case of a tie, both teams will receive five points.
And now, the Grand Magic Games' opening game!
Let's begin Hidden!
Hidden...?
What kind of a game is that?!
One person from each team will compete.
I'll explain the rules of the game after all of the players are on the field.
Leave this one to me!
Never forget! Your soul is always...
Wild Four!
The first person to step up is Quatro Cerberus's Yeager!
Let me check out the first one!
You have permission.
From Mermaid Heel, Beth Vanderwood!
Nalpudding, you go.
Sure thing.
From Raven Tail, Nalpudding!
I'll do this one.
Eve-kun is our first person.
Eve-kun is our first person!
Eve has been called out! From Blue Pegasus, Eve Tilm!
I'll do it. The singing of the birds is pleasant today.
All eyes are on Sabertooth, and they go with the minstrel who sings to the red moon!
Rufus is here!
Why are they makin' such a fuss?! Idiots!
I don't know what the rules of the game are,
but the name is Hidden, so maybe hiding is necessary.
If only Wendy were here... She's little...
I'll go first! I'll do it as a Man!
Exactly what part of you is hidden, meatball?!
Being small may be the advantage here, so it should be either me or Yuuka.
Don't call me small!
No.
I'm going to take off like a rocket from the start.
I'll do it.
From Lamia Scale, Lyon Vastia!
Huh. In that case, I'll be in it, too.
You can show me what this tournament is like.
From Fairy Tail A Team, Gray Fullbuster!
If Gray-sama is going to be in it, then so is Juvia!
Hey! If you lose on purpose, there'll be hell to pay!
From Fairy Tail B Team, Juvia Lockser!
All of the participating players from the eight teams are set!
And now for the rules of the opening game, Hidden!
Look at all the Grays!
Juvia is thrilled, huh?
She's happy with a copy? Weirdo!
I wish I could use Copy Magic, too...
What would you do with it?
Make tons of copies of my favorite fish!
Can you eat copies of fish?
Come on! Don't throw cold water on my dreams!
Next time: On a Night of Falling Stars!
I'll make a lot of angry Erzas to come after you, Natsu!
No! Anything but that!
