Sorry to keep you waiting, Ayato.
- That was a close shave, wasn't it? - Claudia!
Julis!
Erenshkigal...
Ophelia!
I see.
So then I passed out.
Uh...
So you're finally up, then?
Julis...
Thank goodness...
You didn't wake up for three days straight.
You had me worried.
For three days?
These two must've really been worried.
They've been hovering over you every day.
You should show them your appreciation later.
Also...
I never thanked you myself, did I?
Thank me?
I hear that not only Ophelia, but even Gustave showed up.
Sorry about that. Seriously, you saved me.
Hey, don't mention it.
I hope you're not going to say I'm indebted to you now.
No.
I just wanted to make sure I thanked you.
So...
how about telling me about it?
Your relationship with that girl...
Ophelia Landlufen...
You remember this, don't you?
Sure.
Isn't that the handkerchief everybody at the orphanage embroidered for you...
and your best friend sewed for you?
She didn't like fighting...
and she was a truly kind-hearted girl.
No way.
Right.
The one who sewed this for me...
Reunion
What on earth is so fun about doing that?
See, plants are really honest.
If you suffuse them with love, they'll love you right back,
but if you neglect them, they'll abandon you.
Abandon? Plants... abandon humans?
Plants that aren't even sick wither and die
because they've had it with humans.
There was nothing she enjoyed more than caring for plants.
She couldn't even bring herself to kill an insect.
Whenever beautiful flowers came into bloom,
she would get so excited.
Then...
what about yesterday?
That gutted building you saw on the snowy plain yesterday
was the result of Ophelia going berserk.
It used to be an Integrated Enterprise Foundation lab called Frauenlob...
once conducted a certain kind of research.
Namely...
creating manufactured Genestella.
And the guinea pig for this experiment...
was the person they took away as collateral for the orphanage's debt.
Ophelia!
As a result,
Ophelia, who wasn't even a member of the Genestella,
is now the most powerful Strega in the world.
Meaning that the research was successful?
No.
To this day, the ground below that abandoned building is rotten.
Not even so much as a blade of grass will grow there.
The price she had to pay for the power she'd gained...
When I saw her again in Asterisk,
I could see that she had changed.
It was as if she'd given up on her past and herself, and abandoned everything.
OPHELIA!
I'M NOT ASKING YOU TO COME BACK!
You know what I'm talking about.
BUT... AT LEAST...
Ophelia's uncommonly intense power is a double-edged sword
STOP FIGHTING
that eats away at her, the more she uses it.
RECKLESSLY!
IF YOU WANT YOUR WISH TO COME TRUE
I wanted to stop her from further recklessness, but...
FIGHT ME... AND...
DEFEAT ME...
The result was... well, I shouldn't have to spell it out for you.
I'm sorry I dragged you into this.
But now I'm going to finish this on my own.
Otherwise, Ophelia would never get it.
Roger that.
So anyway, you two playing possum over there...
I'm counting on you, too.
So you were onto us.
Sorry about that!
Never mind.
Anyway, we need to make Gustave Marlowe our top priority.
Right.
Has he attacked anyone else since then?
No. You don't have to worry about that.
We've raised the threat level throughout the capital
and we've bolstered our security forces significantly.
Just in case, I had them send some forces over to the orphanage, as well.
If he does show his face somewhere, it would be...
B-B-B-B-Bad news, Princess!
Flora? What's wrong?
Why are you panicking?
R-Right!
Something is wrong with the city!
There are all these giant lizard things,
about this big, flying through the sky!
Are those things attacking people?
N-No, not quite.
Since the entire police force is dealing with them,
there hasn't been a lot of damage yet, for now.
What?
The entire force, did you say?
So the police unit guarding the orphanage as well...
Yes, I hear they've all gone into the city.
Damn!
Julis, calm down!
Gustave knows what he's doing!
They wouldn't think twice about forsaking the orphanage,
and that this would be a good diversionary tactic to draw us out!
I have no doubt he's lying in wait in the slums.
And if I don't show up, he's sure to...
This is my problem to fix.
Don't come with me.
What are you talking about, Julis?
He's right.
After all, it's not just you who they're after, Julis.
We're involved in this one, too.
Very well.
In that case, I have an idea!
Will you follow my instructions exactly?
Gustave Marlowe!
Well, well, Your Highness, Princess Julis...
I am humbled that you would come all this way to meet me here.
You better not have touched the orphanage!
Rest assured.
After all, it would be pointless to destroy the bait before I even get my prey.
My first order of business is to draw you all out!
Is that a Hydra?
That's exactly right, Your Highness.
Every bit as...
no, even more imposing and striking than the ones in mythology, eh?
Now, then...
Having lured my prey here, I have no more use for that bait.
Why don't I finish this off without further delay?
Now then, if you'll excuse me.
I encourage you to enjoy yourselves to the fullest!
Come back here!
Julis!
Sorry, Ayato.
Uh, never mind that.
Dammit!
If I want to protect the city, I've got to stop this thing, eh?
Since the police unit isn't showing up,
our only choice is to do something about this ourselves!
Julis, I want you to help the residents evacuate.
Don't tell me you're going off to stop that thing by yourself?
I'm going to do what I can.
And anyway, Saya should be done with her preparations soon.
But...
You're more familiar with this area than I am,
and everyone would listen to you, wouldn't they?
All right.
But make sure you don't do anything reckless.
So there's no question about it?
No.
I can send you the evidence I've gathered if you need me to.
No, that won't be necessary.
That's as far as you're gonna go!
And now I stop you!
So it regenerates, too, like in the myth?
Ayato!
Thanks for waiting!
Thanks, Saya.
Good save!
Is that snake-thing my target?
Yeah.
What's the plan?
Gustave was serious about reproducing the myth.
Meaning that until we chop off the head in the center,
the other heads around it will keep regenerating.
So a swift attack?
Right. I'm gonna have this monitor on stand-by.
Okay. All right, then...
bring it on.
All right, that's two!
4 o'clock!
That's four!
6 o'clock.
I'm on it!
That makes six!
Saya, let's finish it off with the next blow.
Gotcha.
Amagiri Shinmei Style...
Twin Dragons!
And that leaves just one!
Ayato! 3 o'clock!
Did it speed up the regeneration by focusing on just one head?
Not done yet!
You did such a great job, both of you!
I'm done setting up my ploy!
Come out...
Rafflesia Duoflores!
Oh, my.
Now I'm at a loss.
How did you find me?
Surely someone like you would be watching
from where you could overlook the entire slum,
somewhere safe and not so far away.
That's how Julis guessed it.
I see... You certainly are a group of annoyingly smart young girls!
This is Kirin.
I've captured him.
Father?
Gustave Marlowe has been apprehended.
It's been a while since we last met, Claudia.
A member of Galaxy hires a criminal to assault a Seidoukan student...
a princess, no less.
Galaxy had nothing to do with it.
I acted solely on my own.
Such an excuse wouldn't work for a man of your position.
I believe that would also be my mother's judgment.
Probably.
If she deems it necessary, she won't hesitate to throw me under the bus.
In other words, none of this will be of any use to you!
Probably not.
And you know what will happen then, don't you, Claudia?
If you still insist on competing in the Gryps Festa...
Please!
At least change your wish!
There's still time if you act now!
As I've already told you numerous times,
I can't do that, either.
I love you, Claudia...
I am truly grateful for all that you did for my sake, Father.
Now, then, good night.
Really, thank you for all that you've done.
Thanks to you, peace has been restored in our nation.
The people are deeply grateful as well.
In fact, Julis...
the people in the old city might throw you another parade.
Meaning that your position will soon become tenuous?
In that case, Brother...
I'm going to take this opportunity to tell you something.
Oh? What would that be?
I'm going to win the Gryps Festa
and expand the king's powers in Lieseltania!
This incident convinced me.
That in order to change this country,
I'll have to do something at a more fundamental level.
Right, the Festa prize money could expand the king's powers...
If it happens, I'm going to burden and trouble you.
But knowing all that... I'm asking you, Brother...
Do you think you could help me out, for my sake?
Julis...
You've really changed, haven't you?
I never dreamed the day would come that you'd ask me for help.
This is all thanks to you, Amagiri...
no, all of you, I think?
You got it, Julis.
I promise you.
If you really do manage to win the Gryps Festa,
then I'm going to go all-in and stop being a good-for-nothing.
Brother...
Thank you very much.
They're such a lovely brother and sister, aren't they?
Yeah, they really are.
The Steering Committee Chairman?
Amagiri...
I've found your sister.
Big Sis...
ASTERISK CENTRAL DISTRICT - HOSPITAL
Haruka Amagiri was brought in here five years or so ago.
Her body's been in a state of apparent death since that day,
and to this day, there's been no change whatsoever.
I believe it's the effect of some kind of power.
According to the doctors, there's nothing they can do at this time.
This is probably my sister's own power.
Imprisonment Power. The power to bind all things.
I don't know why, but she's cast it on herself.
If this state continues...
would her life be in any danger?
They say that if there's no change, she'll outlive you by far.
If you can call this living, that is.
I hear they found your sister.
Ayato Amagiri...
I can cure your sister for you!
Who are you, exactly?
I'm Hilda Jane Rowlands.
Chairman of the Tenorio Faction of the Arlequint Academy Research Institute.
I'm known by the people as...
Magnum Opus.
Once again, I'm sorry that my father caused so much trouble in Lieseltania.
But why would your father do such a thing?
Because it would inconvenience him if I were to win the Gryps Festa.
Galaxy, that is, rather than my father.
But if that's the case, wasn't there another way to go about it?
My father must have wanted to settle things before Galaxy made a serious move.
What would befall me if Galaxy were to take drastic action...
My father was all too aware of that.
Do you realize what you're saying?
Making an enemy of Galaxy is the same as making an enemy of Seidoukan.
Yes. But even if that comes to pass,
I have no intention whatsoever of conceding my wish.
Don't you all feel the same way?
Joining my team could mean making an enemy out of Galaxy.
Even so, I still want you all to take part in the Gryps Festa with me.
Isn't the thought of this team alluring enough to seem worth it?
This lineup boasts all the best players I could hope for now.
Count me in.
M-Me, too... count me in, too!
Ever since I saw you in the last Gryps Festa,
I've wanted to fight on your team, President!
My answer depends on Ayato.
What are you going to do, Ayato?
Ayato?
I have no intention of asking that Magnum Opus for help,
but...
if there's a way to treat Big Sis...
All right. I'll be joining your team, too, Claudia.
And let's win with this team!
No matter what!
