Starting tomorrow, I'm going to China for high-altitude training.
I wanted to encourage Kiyose before leaving Japan,
Famous Confections
but I'm still not familiar with your home base.
Thanks for the escort.
Home base?
They've got an exchange student?
I know. I wish they'd run an all-Japanese team.
The school's probably paying for it to promote themselves.
They're the words of amateurs.
Don't let them distract you.
I know how you feel.
People have always dealt with that criticism.
There are two reasons not to let it bother you.
First, there's the logic that recruiting an exchange student is unfair.
What about the Olympics then?
It's only natural that there's some difference in individual physical ability.
Moreover, sports are fair and impartial.
Those who question its fairness don't understand
what it means to compete in the same sport on the same stage.
The other reason is that they think winning is everything.
Mens Relay Spectacular Achievement”
Is the only thing that matters that a Japanese person places first?
New Japanese Record
Spectacular Achieve in Track and Field
No. That's not the true nature of competition.
Mens 10000m Finals 1 Fujioka Kazuma Rikudo 2 Yamamoto Hayato Kofu Academy 3 Kobayashi Ryutaro Boso 4 Suzuki Riku Manaka 5 Nakagawa Kenta Jonan Bunka 6 Ito Kaito Dochido 7 Takagi Kazuki North Kanto 8 Uemura Akira Akebono
Even if I finish first,
if I feel like I've lost to myself, then it's a loss.
In this world where times and standings change at dizzying speeds,
what determines who's the best?
Don't we keep running because there are ideals and goals we value more than that?
You've gathered good members. It's his kind of team.
Are you and Haiji close?
We were teammates in high school.
He was supposed to be wearing a Rikudo uniform, too.
What?
Run with the Wind
4 Years Earlier
Congratulations Track and Field Team
One, two, three, four.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Two, two, three, four.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Three, two, three, four.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Four, two, three, four
Those fireflies you hate so much will be back soon.
I don't hate them.
There are just too many around here.
This is our last year. Savor it.
Let's go together.
To Rikudo. Then we can
It's already been decided.
But you were recruited.
The care they offer their athletes is top-class.
I've already spent two years with this leg.
I know my body better than anyone else.
What did the coach say?
Be patient.” That's all.
That was a lot of talking for him.
I'm happy about this year, though.
Last year, I didn't get to run with you once because of PT.
My athletic career may be over, but we
It's not over!
Believe in yourself.
I'm not that strong.
He should be telling you this himself.
If he hasn't told you yet, then he probably doesn't think it's the right time.
I shouldn't have said anything.
And Then, Morning
Haiji isn't back yet.
He's not answering his phone either.
I see.
I'm sorry.
Then, the next time I'll see him will be in the new year.
Good luck to both of us.
Tell him that.
I will.
Oh, this is for you guys.
Red bean paste. Better than cream, right?
Oh, yeah. Thank you.
I'll be waiting at Hakone!
I wish I could've seen him.
What did you talk about with Fujioka?
What did we...
I was just wondering if you got along.
More or less. It went fine.
What does that mean?
Haiji.
I think I'm finally starting to understand.
I mean, I don't understand yet.
What are you talking about?
What it means to be strong.
You told me about how Fujioka is strong.
I understand now what you meant.
He's been pursuing a much higher level of running than I've been.
It's hard to explain, but
You can, too.
Become strong, Kakeru.
I will.
By the way, I brought Fujioka here once,
but he didn't last ten seconds.
Tsuru-no-yu
In that regard, I'm stronger than him.
You two sure are close.
Race Completion Certificates Issued Here Saitama Ageo Athletic Field
The Ageo City Marathon is about as long as Hakone's sections.
It's the perfect dry run.
Make sure you experience what it's like to run on city streets
and the tension of a race.
Anyway, I won't say anything else.
Go enjoy yourselves.
No one's enjoying himself more than you.
Haiji!
They said they want to do the mountains of Hakone.”
What?
What are you talking about, Hana?
Didn't you say hearing Haiji do that fires you up?
Hana's such a good girl.
Yeah.
The twins missed their opportunity to apologize to Haiji.
And she's giving them a chance to return to normal.
Now we wait for Haiji to come through.
You want to do it?
You guys want to do it that badly?
Kiyose Haiji doesn't play along that easily.
Come on. Put out your hands.
Hey!
Are you okay?
Your face is bright red.
Don't worry about it!
Go ahead!
The mountains of Hakone are?
The steepest in?
In the world, right?
It's in the world.
In the world.
Perfect! You can do it!
Should we not have joined them?
You're pretty bad, too.
What?
Ageo City Marathon
Sendai J High School Track Coach Claims incident with KK is in the past...” and refuses to speak...
Reveals Actual Name
Sendai J High School track coach claims incident with KK
is in the past” and refuses to speak?
If you weren't going to talk, don't accept an interview request!
J and KK? They're identifying them!
Don't let it bother you.
Chairman's Office
For this incident...
We're terribly sorry!
Incoming Call Home
It's me.
Are you okay? I read the magazine article.
Dad's mad, okay? Are you sure you're okay?
People in the country like to talk.
Put yourself in our shoes. Please.
I know.
What are you doing for New Year's?
I'm not going home.
Don't tell me you've made bad friends in
I'm running at Hakone!
Sorry. I didn't mean to eavesdrop.
I don't get along with my parents.
I forgot to tell you before, but neither do I.
We haven't met once since I started college.
It's not serious.
My mom got remarried. She's living with a man I don't know very well.
I don't know how close we're supposed to be.
Oh.
I don't like close relationships, parents or otherwise.
Everyone's alone.
It's stupid to try to understand others.
But living here's been throwing me off my pace.
The track team's short distance team offered to be our water station staff.
It's a first for all of us,
so I'm thinking we should make time next week to rehearse.
I agree. What about the shopping center vendors?
I'm having them arrange transportation and lodging for the athletes,
as well as recording our times.
Also, about the forms we're submitting to the student association...
What would we do without Shindo?
He never accepts my offers for help.
Have you been getting enough sleep?
I'm great. This is actually fine for me.
At least there wasn't a huge commotion over the article.
We have our landlord to thank for handling it quickly.
The school has agreed to wait and see, too.
That guy actually does his job, huh?
He bragged about being called Tazaki the Beggar.
Is that something to brag about?
Thanks for waiting.
I bought liquor.
Yeah!
Let's gather in the twins' room.
Merry Christmas
Kansei University
January January 1st Tuesday New Year's Day New Year's Day is the day for planning It's tomorrow!!! Yeah!!! I'm so nervous heh heh We'll be popular tomorrow!!
Hakone
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Kansei University
You'll tire yourself out if you move too much.
I'll now tell all of you who I've signed up for each section.
First, section one. Prince.
What?
Are you trying to throw the race?
I can't imagine anyone else running section one.
You're the only one who can stand there so calmly
that you seem almost oblivious, even with all that attention on you.
Is that a compliment?
Naturally, I'm not throwing the race.
I made this line-up to win.
Are you sure?
There have been a lot of fast-paced developments the past few years.
It's possible this year will be slow-paced in response to that.
Even if Prince falls behind, we'll get it back in section two.
Musa, that's your job.
Seriously?
You can do it, Musa.
H-Hold on! Kakeru should run that section.
Right, Kakeru? Right?
You heard him.
You can run ten kilometers in about twenty-nine minutes.
That's on par with other runners.
But more than that,
you've been the most considerate and encouraging towards the rest of the team.
I can't imagine anyone but you running it.
That was my thinking, too.
Oh, no!
Section three, Jota.
Section four, Joji
Isn't section three by the sea? I love that course.
I'll buy you guys some fish cakes from Ogawara.
Their sections sound way more fun.
Accept your fate, Musa.
Section five, Shindo.
No objections.
Section six, Yuki.
Hey, wait!
I'm section six? That's ridiculous.
I've watched how all of you run for the past ten months.
Your core strength and stable center of gravity are the best, Yuki.
You're the only one who can ride down Hakone.
I'm setting you up.
Want something to drink?
Section seven, Nico-chan Senpai.
Section eight, King.
Just like I expected.
You were wrong at Musa.
At this point, the runners will start to scatter.
You might be running alone.
The race for seeds will become intense during these two important sections.
I know you'll be able to stay calm and maintain your pace.
You're trying to earn a seeded spot?
Of course. That's why those sections are important.
The return half's section two, section nine, Kakeru.
I don't see Fujioka.
By last-minute registration, if Rikudo's Fujioka isn't signed up for the first half,
we'll know Rikudo's strategy is to wait out the first half
and attack during the second.
Which means...
Bring it on.
Finally, section ten.
I'll take responsibility by finishing the race.
Jota, Joji.
I'll show you the top.
No, we'll experience it together.
All of us.
Hakone
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Happy New Year.
January 2nd
The new year arrived quietly this year.
Runners, get ready to move!
Coaches, please come to the admin vehicle!
Now I can die in peace.
I'll be watching from my box seat.
Hakone Ekiden
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Hakone Ekiden
Race HQ Vehicle
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Kanto Student Association
Kansei University
Thanks.
One minute to go!
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
All attendants, please stand back!
The time is 7:59.
The Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race will begin shortly.
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Which university will write a new page in history?
Twenty-one runners wearing sashes will wrap themselves in a gust of wind
as they run down Hakoneji Road.
Hakone
Will that wind be a headwind or a tailwind?
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Who will be the first to return to Otemachi?
They are starting now towards honor and glory!
Tokyo-Hakone Round-Trip College Ekiden Race
Hey!
Next time: The Moment of Release
Next time, The Moment of Release.”
