Namu Amida Butsu
Believe it or not, the world is filled with strange phenomena
that science is yet to explain.
And when people come face to face with them,
they are helplessly thrown into the dark depths of fear.
But there are those who fight every day
to shine a ray of hope into that chaotic darkness.
People call them...
Psychics
Psychics.
There's no doubt about it...
What I saw was not of this world.
I knew there was something wrong with this property
since I bought it dirt cheap.
I've never been the type to worry about stuff like that.
But fields are at their most vulnerable in the days leading up to a harvest.
So I got worried one night,
went to check on things, and that's when I saw it.
Something was wriggling back and forth, dancing on my fields!
The next morning, I found all of my crops withered away.
I only started farming to kill time, but this has been going on for three years.
Amino Acid Fertilizer Potting Compost
It's starting to creep me out now.
My next harvest is coming up, so that's why I gave you a call.
I figured I needed the help of someone with psychic powers.
A wise decision, sir.
But, you see...
Next year, my idiot son will be starting high school, so...
As for your fees...
You don't think you can pay?
It would depend on how much, but...
Well, I am running a business here,
so I'm going to need some form of compensation.
Executing the Exorcism!!
We will do our best to reduce the spirit possessing you Option A Trial CoursehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhA Mere 2,000 yen (Tax Excluded) hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhOutside Offer Period: 3,980 yen Option B Serious Course hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhA Mere 5,000 yen (Tax Excluded) hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhOutside Offer Period: 8,980 yen Option C All-Out Course hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhA Mere 12,000 yen (Tax Excluded) hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhOutside of Offer Period: 19,880 yen
Refer us to a friend now and get an extra 5 reduction!! Also get an add-on exorcism for 20 off!!
Right...
Let's see. If I'm able to exorcise whatever it is that's haunting your fields...
I'll take 30 percent of your upcoming harvest!
He's okay with veggies as payment?
I looked into this a bit on my own,
but I don't see any issues with the fertilizer or the soil.
Meaning there's not much I can do about this situation.
What do you think, Mob?
Again, could you not summon me on such short notice?
This could be the work of those daikon fairies.
Do those even exist?
Did you see something move just now?
Actually...
It's rather weak, but I do sense an aura.
I heard you yappin' earlier today, too.
You gonna exorcise me?
Mob, let's take care of this quickly.
Okay.
Is that it?
Yes. It was just possessing the scarecrow, so it probably couldn't do much harm.
What the heck is that?
Oh, that would be the spirit's true form.
So the scarecrow was a decoy?!
High-Level Spirit Wriggle Wriggle
This is my land, and I won't let anyone else have it!
Then show me the deed!
Do you have any idea how hard it is to grow crops until harvest?
Talk about a twisted way to harass someone!
It's not like I'm letting the crops go to waste.
Did you actually think that spirits can't eat?
You guys don't need nutrients!
I can absorb the lifeforce of all the crops that grow in these fields.
So don't worry. They're serving their purpose as my food.
You wretched vegetable thief...
Mob!
Blast him!
Okay.
Not bad, kid.
But it appears your friend here is as ordinary as they come.
Master!
I'll turn you both into fertilizer!
It's no use!
What you're destroying is but a tiny portion of the plants I control.
But keep it up, and I'll instantly kill your friend and rip him to pieces!
You're indeed a child.
How naIve. You should've known you were both going to die anyway.
Since destroying the vines doesn't hurt the spirit itself,
it must not be possessing them.
It's controlling living things like a remote control car.
I've never even thought about doing that.
I wonder if I can do it, too... The same thing as an evil spirit.
You brat!
The plants stopped moving?
I tried ordering the plants.
When I sent them a stronger signal than the evil spirit,
I was able to control them.
That's the correct solution. I'm glad you were able to realize it.
Curse you, you brat!
How dare you overwrite my command over these plants?!
Damn it... You'll pay for this!
Die!
What?!
Huh?
What is that?
I thought I'd start a home garden.
If it works out, we can save money on food.
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
The veggies we were supposed to get as payment were a bust,
but he gave me some soil, fertilizer, and vegetable seeds instead.
3 times a day! Organic Fertilizer
Liquid Fertilizer
Humus
Oh, and here. Your pay for that last job.
Broccoli seeds.
I'm getting paid in kind now...
Thank you very much.
Oh, right.
I planted some cherry tomatoes in here.
Why don't you put some energy into it and see if you can make them grow?
Okay.
Whoa, that's amazing!
I smell a new business opportunity!
If you have 3 evil spirits, the exorcism fee on 1 of them will be on the house!! hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh This Month Only
Let's see...
It tastes like crap.
Umami 0
You can take these cherry tomatoes home with you.
Huh?
Huh?
Mob Psycho
We're Looking For Our God. The Psycho Helmet Religion
Let us begin our twelfth official meeting.
As for today's agenda,
we'll be discussing the head temple for our Psycho Helmet Religion.
Actually, before we get into that, I have a question.
Has there been any progress in the search for our beloved founder?
He has not been found yet.
Many men have claimed to be the founder, but they were all impostors.
At the () gathering,
I saw his face up close, so I'm the one verifying these claims.
I can guarantee they are false.
But I promise to bring our founder before you very soon.
Yeah, right. I know the kid to begin with.
I'm going to keep riling up these believers
and make Mob-kun a cult star.
But the biggest obstacle here is Mob-kun himself.
Right now, there's no way he could lead anyone.
I need him to grow more as a person.
There has to be a way... Something that'll make Mob-kun grow.
Kamuro Shinji,
hereby resign from my position as student council president as of today.
What?
I spread false rumors about fellow students
and accused them of crimes they didn't commit, and that's why I'm resigning.
Therefore, an election for the next student council president will be held very soon.
That's it! This is perfect! Something to help Mob-kun grow!
But there's no reason Mob-kun would want to run.
How do I...
I wonder who the next president is going to be.
Right?
I just hope they're a good person, if nothing else.
Ah, it's Tsubomi-chan.
She's as cute as ever.
You're staring way too hard again.
Mezato-san?!
And you're panicking too much.
So you do like Takane-san.
Wha... How did you...
What's with that reaction?
I never expected you to fall for the school's idol.
I guess even you can be rather superficial, too.
I honestly don't get what you see in her, though.
I've been friends with Tsubomi-chan since we were little.
Oh, she's the school's idol?
I see...
How did two childhood friends end up in such drastically different situations?
Under normal circumstances, you'd have no chance with her,
but right now, you have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
What do you mean?
Student Council
The seat of student council president is vacant!
Right now, Takane-san is way out of your league,
but what if you were student council president?
Student Council President
You'd go shooting up the ranks!
You might be able to close the gap between you and your school idol!
I wouldn't mind helping you out if you're thinking about running.
You'll owe me one, though.
This is the perfect opportunity to show people who you really are, Mob-kun!
Hardcore Training Montage
And on that day, Mob's hardcore training began.
Finally, a week later...
Student Council President Candidate Speech Competition
We will now begin the election to decide our next student council president.
There are a total of four candidates.
Our first candidate is Morishige Kyohei-kun from Class 2-2.
Each candidate gave their speech.
Next, from Class 3-4,
we have Kamuro Shinji-kun.
Wait, why?
Didn't he resign?
President, why did you resign without discussing it with us?
I'm just as responsible for what we did!
Resigning is no way to take responsibility.
You're still running away, which achieves nothing.
Stand for election again, and if you do get elected...
Yeah. That'll be my opportunity to truly make things right.
And finally, Mob's turn arrived.
Nii-san?
What the heck is he doing?
Wait, Mob-kun?
You practiced your speech over and over, not to mention I basically wrote it for you.
You've got this!
Kageyama! It's all about guts!
You pulled a fast one on me, White T Poison.
You're not content with ruling the school from the shadows?
I was planning on supporting President Kamuro,
but this changes everything.
Kageyama Shigeo-kun from Class 2-1.
Please begin.
And it's over.
Each candidate is given five minutes for their campaign speech,
and he was the first person ever to not say a single word in that time.
Student Council President Election Voting Results 1st Kamuro 2nd Nakayama 3rd Morishige 4th Kageyama
He won't cut it as the founder like this.
I need him to be better.
I never should've done that.
This one did a number on him.
He's not moving at all.
Go on home for the day, okay?
Telepathy Club
Body Improvement Club
Yes, sir. I'm very sorry.
I'll be waiting for you behind the school.
W-Wait, this is...
When I saw you muster the courage to take the podium despite being so uncomfortable,
I ended up falling for you, Kageyama-kun.
Um...
Please go out with me.
Progress Toward
Mob's Explosion
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 21
II
Mob Psycho 100
II
Mob Psycho 100
Telepathy Club
Body Improvement Club
Kageyama-kun.
Let's walk home together.
Oh, but I have club...
Go on, Kageyama. Today's menu is free training, anyway.
Thank you, Captain Musashi.
Huh?
Mob-kun has a girlfriend?
What's going on? Is this some supernatural phenomenon?
What the heck's happening?
But man, I'm so envious...
So what do you usually do, Kageyama-kun?
Um...
I do some running with the Body Improvement Club.
Other than that, I help an acquaintance with their work.
What kind of work?
Huh? Oh, ghost
I-It's sort of like a bookstore.
What? You work part-time at a bookstore, Kageyama-kun?
That's amazing!
N-No, it's not a big deal...
I only help out with really simple things.
Still, it is amazing! I'd love to work at a bookstore.
I'm already lying to her.
But I think telling her I have an exorcism job will creep her out.
You look a little pale. Are you okay?
Yeah. Hey, you like books, Emi-san?
Well... I do like books, but...
I guess I don't mind telling you, Kageyama-kun.
I'm writing a novel.
Huh?
Wow, that's amazing!
What's amazing about that?
Oh, you don't care, huh?
Sorry.
No, I really think it's amazing!
I'm just bad with words.
Maybe I'll have you read it sometime.
I haven't shown anyone else,
so it'd be pretty embarrassing for me.
But this counts as practice, too.
Sure, I'll read it.
And every day after that, Mob walked home from school with Emi.
Hey, Mob. You're home early again.
Did you quit your club?
No, I'm actually heading back to school now.
Huh?
Why the heck did he bother coming home, then?
Hey, Mob. You seem more cheerful than usual today.
You exorcism game is on point, too.
You think so? I can't really tell myself.
Did you get a girlfriend?
As if!
I-I'm done with the exorcism, so I'm going home now.
Bye.
Huh?
What?
What?
Seconds, please.
Wow, this is rare. Our Shige asking for seconds.
What's up, Shigeo? Did you use too much of your psychic powers?
No, it's not like that.
I thought Nii-san would be bummed out about the election,
but I'm glad to see he's more than fine.
One Week Later
Are you done reading?
What do you think?
It's really good... I think.
You know a lot of big words.
If you don't get it, just say so.
Sorry! That's not what I meant!
I really did pay attention to every word!
Say, Kageyama-kun...
It's been a week since I asked you out.
You rejected me then, so why do you still walk home with me?
Is it because you felt bad for me?
Huh? No, it's nothing like that.
I also know you were going back to your club after you got home.
You keep trying not to hurt my feelings.
Are you sure it's not pity? I feel sort of pathetic.
I-I'm sorry. That's not my intention.
And all you do is apologize.
I don't understand how you feel at all.
Or could it be...
that you don't even have feelings?
Huh?
Like, your own opinions.
Your froze up in your campaign speech, too.
Did you only run for president because someone told you to?
Well...
The truth is, I'm sort of like that, too.
You are?
The reason I asked you out was because of a dare.
We thought your silent speech was hilarious,
so my friends and I played rock-paper-scissors, and I lost.
I was afraid I'd be a laughingstock if you turned me down,
but since you started walking home with me, they never found out you actually did.
Thanks.
But I figured it was about time I told you.
Sorry for lying to you for the past week.
A novel? Seriously? You're too funny!
Let me read it!
Damn, you wrote a lot! What the hell?
Hey, come on. Don't just read it like that.
It's really embarrassing.
Are you actually writing this seriously, Emi?
Of course not. I was just a little bored.
How bored could you possibly be to write this crap?
Instead of wasting your time writing this drivel, go to the arcade with us!
It's not like I spend all my time on it.
Hey, stop that. You're littering.
No, if you're going to do it, make sure it's all ripped up.
Stop... that.
Who are you?
Kageyama-kun?
Oh, hey! It's that guy!
The one who turned statue during his speech!
Wow, so he can talk.
What the hell's your problem?
Still think you're dating Emi? She only asked you out on a dare, dude.
Hilarious.
She's not your girlfriend!
It's really mean of you to rip up the novel she worked so hard to write.
Huh?
You said it was just to kill time, right?
Y-Yeah. Something like that.
What the hell's your problem? Get a clue.
Scram.
Didn't you hear me? Get outta here!
I don't think this is trash.
If you're going to throw it away, I'll take it.
I made the decision to consider my feelings more.
And you need to pick up things you feel are important.
Wh-What the hell is he talking about?
Talk about creepy...
Emi?!
You guys can head home.
Oh, really?
Okay, then.
Bye-bye.
Aw...
What are we even doing?
Wanna chase after them?
But... Thank you.
No going back...
Forget this. I can just write it again.
You see...
Adventure
I happen to be an esper.
Thank you, Kageyama-kun.
Smooth.
Ripped Apart Someone Is Watching
What? Seriously?
If something that fun was going on, you should've called me!
I never would've expected you to show someone your powers on your own!
So, what happened after that?
What do you mean?
With that Emi girl or whatever.
Did her attitude toward you change when she saw your powers?
Did she go, I've really fallen for you now, or something like that?
That would never happen just because I have psychic powers.
Really? Is that how it is?
Psychic powers, huh...
Kageyama-kun sure is amazing.
A middle school student... with psychic powers...
More importantly, you fell for another love letter?
Looks like you'll always need an advisor like me, Shigeo!
From now on, I'll always stay by your side!
That's gross.
You're not nice to me, but I knew that.
Progress Toward
Mob's Explosion
Progress Toward Mob's Explosion: 27
Improve Your Speech: Waterfall Meditation
Improve Your Speech: hhhhhhhBears
Japanese Dictionary
Delicious Vegetables
Lifting Weights Is the Best Answer to Everything
How to Properly Read Novels (How to Properly Read Series)
How to Properly Read Social Cues (How to Properly Read Series)
Let's go to Cuticle City in search of urban legends!
Human-Faced Dog, Dash Granny, Red Raincoat, the Dragger, and many more!
I'm leaving the rest to you, Mob!
Urban Legends Encountering Rumors.
Urban Legends Encountering Rumors
Watching II in real time is also a wise decision.
