Then this machine was-
Yeah. The demon we saw 15 years ago.
I always figured it had been annihilated in the damage of Heaven's Fall.
Capt. Magbaredge!
What in the world... is that?
Confirm that the ship is fitted out.
Check its fuel, weapons, and munitions.
Yes, ma'am!
Deucalion. That's this ship's name?
Why do you suppose such a fine ship was abandoned
without ever sending it into battle?
Reserves are still working! If we can feed it power, it'll be good to go.
Fuel level is... I'm not sure!
What kind of report is that?
There's no fuel gauge!
Oh, so that's it.
That's why this ship was abandoned.
Surely you don't mean...
An Aldnoah drive.
Hey, civilians aren't allowed in here!
Please leave imme-
My apologies.
Who are you?!
There is no cause for alarm. I am your friend.
You're...
I command you in the name of Asseylum Vers Allusia!
Aldnoah, awaken!
Well? Are we in a more talkative mood now?
What is your objective?
To what end did you go to that island?
Perhaps he has had enough, Count Cruhteo.
We needn't show pity to a member of a lower race, Count Saazbaum.
If he dies, we learn nothing.
He sought an audience with the emperor, heedless of the risk to himself.
That is remarkable.
I would know his intent.
Intent?
As if this child is capable of thought.
Milord Cruhteo. We have located the wreckage
of an Orbital Knight Kataphrakt on the island.
What?
We believe it to be that of Countess Femieanne's Hellas.
How can that be?
What was Countess Femieanne slain by?
A waste of time, eh?
Abide, Count Cruhteo.
Tell me now! If you do, I will put you out of your misery.
Continue to suffer, then.
So this is the bridge...
Deucalion... A flying battleship.
Nina, what makes it fly?
That Martian thing, uh...
Aldnoah?
Yeah, that.
Are the helm controls like a normal ship's? Can you handle this thing?
The FCS has been adjusted so it feels the same when I steer.
Should you be away from your post, Calm?
What's the big deal if I want to look around a bit?
Besides, there's no bigwigs around.
Hm? Where's Inaho?
In the bigwig's office. With the Martians.
Martians...
Yeah. Thanks to her, this ship's Aldnoah drive is working.
What?!
The Mars Knights plotted your assassination? I find that hard to believe.
Capt. Magbaredge, if we disclosed this information, perhaps the Mars Knights would stop attacking.
Our communications satellites and telecom bases have been wiped out,
and long-range transmissions are impossible thanks to their jamming signal.
If we're going to try to get the word out that the princess is safe,
there's no guarantee that the proper agencies would get the message.
You believe it would make us the target of the Mars Knights who plotted her death?
Our plan all along was to go to United Earth HQ in Russia to regroup, anyway.
Very well. Until we arrive, we will see to your safety, Highness.
Thank you.
Now, Kaizuka Junior.
Inaho Kaizuka, ma'am.
And you...
Rayet Areash.
You two were aware of this, yet neglected to inform me.
I'm not a soldier. I'm not obligated to report to you.
And you, Junior?
I didn't neglect to inform you. I deliberately didn't.
Watch what you say! You're putting yourself on very thin ice.
I asked him not to.
Someone working with the assassins might be aboard.
Eddelrittuo!
We can't trust you Martians, either.
A nation that latched onto an archaic feudal system
that relies on the superscience of an ancient civilization called Aldnoah.
Commoners who are obsessed with proving themselves in battle to win social standing.
And nobility who casually betray them and grind them into the dirt...
How can you possibly trust people like that?!
I don't trust them.
All Martians are the enemy!
No matter how far science advances, these procedures always remain primitive.
And at times... are all the more effective for it.
Do it.
Does it hurt?
Now, then...
What is the matter?
Oh, has that loosened your tongue?
Have you... sworn loyalty...
Continue.
Yes, Milord!
Impudent boy...
And how are we feeling?
Lousy...
Glad to hear it. The medicine seems to be working.
I can't believe that coming here triggered a relapse...
I'd feel a lot better if you'd give me some booze.
That's not the sort of medicine you pester your doctor for.
I hate this...
Birds?
Yes, Milady.
Animals that fly through the air...
When we reach Earth, I will be able to see them, won't I?
Yes. Progress is slow, but the scars of Heaven's Fall are fading.
Nature is powerful, and when an area is depopulated,
it immediately begins to reclaim it.
Depopulated?
Yes. As opposed to urban areas,
plant life reproduces abundantly in devastated regions, and...
It is sad, isn't it? That we are unable to thrive together.
Not at all! With forethought and hard work, it is possible!
Do you really think so?
Yes! It is possible for us to thrive together!
Well, Terran? Do you feel like talking now?
Count... Do you care for the princess?
What?
Are you... her ally?
Yes. Of course I am.
Now, speak.
As punishment for your crime,
I shall give your compatriots on Earth a taste of even greater horrors.
I knew it, you were lying...
You want an excuse to go to war with Earth...
Her Highness wished for peace with Earth, but you...
You are exploiting her death...
Do not invoke her memory so lightly, you filthy Terran!
Sey-
No, Princess Asseylum.
I do not mind you calling me Seylum, Inaho.
But I mind!
From now on, add Your Highness to that.
Eddeltittuo.
But, Milady!
I do apologize. This is her way of looking out for me.
So, what is it?
Well, I ran into someone on Tanegashima who-
Hey, Inaho!
You knew that there were Martians hiding among us?
Yeah.
Where are they?! I'm gonna avenge Okojo!
I am the Princess of Mars you seek.
Come again?
I deeply regret that so many of your fellow Terrans have been injured or killed.
I assure you, this war is not what Vers wants.
I am doing all I can to bring this meaningless conflict to an end as soon as possible.
Uh... Sure. Do your best, okay?
What are you blushing for?
You're as red as a lobster.
Where did you guys come from?!
Didn't you say you were going to get revenge?
Didn't you say something about all Martians being the enemy?
I never said any such thing!
There are good Martians and bad Martians, same as everywhere else!
Right, Inaho?
Back my play, man!
As I said, there's no trusting Terrans...
You have saved me countless times since we arrived on Earth, Inaho.
Thank you so much.
I wasn't fighting for you in particular, Seylum.
It's because I was drafted. If I don't fight, it puts me in danger, too.
Nevertheless, that does not change the fact that I owe you my life.
Thank you.
That Martian that I met on Tanegashima was looking for you.
And he was scared that you were being exploited.
Could it be...?
There are some among the enemy who think that you are still alive.
I suggest staying on your guard.
What's that?
A good luck charm given to me by a dear Terran friend when we arrived at Earth.
By a Terran?
The son of a scientist who visited Mars to study Aldnoah.
I heard all manner of stories regarding Earth from him.
About the sea. About the sky.
About the creatures who live there.
As I heard these stories, I grew more and more enamored of Earth.
As a result, I wanted more than anything to come to Earth.
And I wished to establish peaceful relations with Earth.
That creature, could that be... a bird?
Yes, a black-tailed gull.
An animal that flies through the sky! They really do exist, don't they?
It is just as you said, Slaine!
My life was saved by Princess Asseylum that day...
If it weren't for her, I wouldn't be alive now...
So this time, I will protect you, Your Highness!
I mustn't divulge that she is alive...
I won't let those who hope to exploit the princess have their way...
Be they Martian...
I...
How regretful Princess Asseylum must be...
To put her faith in inferior scum like him and lose her life as a result...
Milord Cruhteo.
What is it?
We've discovered something on the island that we can't explain.
The wreckage of another Kataphrakt, one not belonging to Countess Femieanne.
This is the one that fell to Earth 15 years ago...!
The Deucalion...! It can't be!
The unit's Aldnoah drive had been removed.
What?! No, it is no cause for concern.
They cannot activate the Aldnoah.
What is so amusing?
Nothing...
Enough of this. Kill him.
Not yet, Count Cruhteo.
He makes a mockery of the proud Orbital Knights.
I will spread your ashes here on Earth.
Answer me, scum! What made you laugh?!
What made you laugh?!
Answer me. Without Aldnoah, the Terrans could not have been the ones who slew Hellas.
This is your punishment for what you've done to Her Highness' beloved Earth...
Preposterous. They have no one capable of activating it.
Only a handful of Versians have come down to Earth,
and the only ones possessing the right of activation are...
It cannot be.
Princess Asseylum?! Is the princess still alive?!
Speak! Is she unharmed?!
Answer me, damn you!
If she were... What would you do?
Assassinate her again?
What?
Was it not you who gave Sir Trillram his orders? To kill the princess?
You dare suggest I-
If we let her live, my entire clan and its followers will be branded as traitors.
Why, you... You claimed to have seen his death, as I recall.
Yes. I shot him.
Then he did not get caught in the meteor bombardment...
In the Nilokeras, with its dimensional barrier?
I won't let you have your way...
Her Highness... will smash your plans.
Princess Asseylum... is alive? That is impossible.
It can't be!
You learned the truth and went out in search of the princess on your own?
Telling no one, for fear of alerting the traitors...
Alone, without support...!
Willing to risk being captured and killed by us...
Forgive me, Slaine.
You have proven your loyalty a thousand times over!
See to this man's injuries!
Yes, Milord!
I, too, swore loyalty to Her Highness...
Those traitors who dared to lay a hand on her Highness will pay!
Put me through to United Earth Headquarters!
Offer a cease-fire and request their assistance in locating the princess!
We will identify those who made a mockery of the Orbital Knights and punish them!
Milord Cruhteo! An object is approaching from orbit!
What? Another meteor bombardment?
No, Milord!
Given its rate of deceleration, it is far less dense!
It is adjusting its entry trajectory. Estimated landing point is...
What happened?
That's... the Dioscuria! Count Saazbaum?
I see... It is all clear now!
The mastermind of the assassination plot was...
Ready my Tharsis!
