The Third Plate
Twelve
His advantage is that he never stops.
His endless curiosity and thirst for knowledge...
That allows him to take a step forward to try things that others would never even attempt.
Grab the First Seat in the Totsuki Elite Ten.
Will do!
You're one of the only chefs that I've ever acknowledged.
Hurry up and join me at the top,
Yukihira Soma.
I won't join Central.
I'll win this match!
Soma-kun... Challenging the First Seat of the Elite Ten is reckless, even for you.
That meat...
All right. I've finished removing all of the tendons.
That's... the thigh.
The thigh?
He's covering the venison with minced onions and garlic and letting them marinate.
He's making the meat even softer while increasing its aroma.
But he's up against the very best... the Elite Ten's First Seat, Tsukasa Eishi.
He's not going to stand a chance using any standard methods.
Yukihira-kun, if you lose, you'll have to join Central.
If that happens...
Food Wars
The Third Plate
The One Who Aims for the Summit
Oh, yeah. I need to get that stuff out.
What's the matter, Yukihira?
There's one other ingredient that my dish definitely needs.
And it's in your bag?
Let's see, where did I put it...
This isn't it. Nope. Not this either.
Oh, here it is. Now I'm set.
Sweet Roasted Chestnuts We Shelled'Em
Enjoy their natural sweetness
Sweet chestnuts!
What?!
He's seriously thinking of doing one of his experiments now?
Tadokoro-san, what is that? We Shelled'Em?
U-Um, it's a snack that uses shelled chestnuts.
Chestnuts...
An ingredient that goes well with wild game.
Pairing venison with chestnuts isn't rare at all in French cuisine.
But the problem is that it's a snack.
I highly doubt this will help create a legitimate dish.
Oh, this?
I'm going to stop heating it
for a moment, cover it with a bowl, and let it rest.
Steam will rise within the bowl and spread throughout the meat.
Then I'll just heat it up in the oven once again right before
I serve it, and it'll be complete.
Oh, I see. This is really educational.
I didn't learn that from Master Shinomiya.
This is no time to be in awe!
You truly are strange, Yukihira.
You think so?
But are you doing okay?
Unusual ingredients alone won't be enough to create an actual dish.
Oh, then let me apologize in advance.
Because I think I'm probably going to surprise you again.
A charcoal brazier?!
He's cooking French cuisine with charcoal?!
Good, good. This is just about the right temperature.
I'll just finish it up right now.
The topic is French cuisine!
Do you understand that?!
Arato-san, if you shout like that, they'll hear us!
That might work to lightly sear the outside of fish,
but I've never seen French cuisine where they used charcoal to cook
meat from start to finish!
However...
It's true that there are benefits from cooking with charcoal.
The temperature of the surface of that charcoal exceeds 600 degrees.
If he fans the flames, it'll get close to a thousand degrees.
On top of that, the infrared radiation that the charcoal emits
will heat the meat directly.
That venison will end up with a crispy outside and a juicy center.
But Erina-sama...
True, it will be difficult to incorporate the bitter charcoal aroma into French cuisine.
Which means that he might try to create a new French dish
that only he, Yukihira Soma, could prepare.
All right, Tsukasa-senpai,
let's finish this battle.
Dig in.
Sure. I'll have a bite.
Oh!
I just realized... We haven't figured out how we're going to judge this thing.
Well, we're the only ones here,
so we'll probably have to taste each other's dishes.
Hey! Will you guys taste them?
He knew we were here!
You startled me! Were you there this whole time?!
Why were you guys hiding in the first place?
Huh? W-Well, you know...
Wait, why were we hiding?
Well, that's because Erina-sama...
Why?
Why was that, Erina-sama?
I-I don't know either!
Then let's have them judge.
This works out perfectly.
Well, we'll be counting on you guys.
W-Wait a second, Yukihira.
There's no way that we can accept that offer so easily.
Huh? Why?
Depending on how we judge this, you might end up in Central.
But you know there's no way that I could back down after what he said.
Hmm, but I guess Central's long-term goal...
is to shut down all the restaurants in Japan.
We have to settle things right here, right now.
Soma-kun...
Very well.
If you insist, I will be the judge.
Yukihira-kun, serve us your dish.
Got it.
Erina-sama...
You two should also honestly judge the dishes.
First, the aroma.
It's very rich because of the charcoal, but...
Th-This is...
Such a plump, fun texture.
The mildly sweet aroma from the chestnuts...
That flavor, combined with the charcoal-grilled venison,
is further bringing out the juiciness of the meat.
This couldn't have been done with normal chestnuts.
This was only capable because they were sweet chestnuts.
You even chopped up the chestnuts and put them in the sauce, too.
Yup.
Fond de veau, cinnamon sticks, orange zest, and minced chestnuts set to a simmer.
I call it Yukihira-style chestnut sauce.
I see.
You've managed to spread the sweetness throughout the venison.
What a surprise. But why?
The aroma from charcoal usually doesn't pair well with French cuisine,
but somehow, it works in this dish.
Is there some other secret?
It's coffee.
What? Coffee?
That's right. I'd expect nothing less from your God Tongue.
I learned this at Master Shinomiya's place...
That cacao and wild game go really well together.
To be honest, I don't have much experience using cacao,
so I used instant coffee.
The bitterness is similar to cacao and works perfectly with wild game,
and its deep, astringent flavor is perfect for a French sauce.
That's why I used it as a secret ingredient.
Charcoal-Grilled Venison Thigh with Chestnut Sauce.
Main ingredient, sauce, and garnishes.
A main course in French cuisine must balance those three things in perfect harmony.
This dish is eccentric.
It's far too eccentric, but there can be no doubt that it's a French dish.
I hate to admit it, but it's almost as though it's shelling away my common sense!
H-Hmph.
I guess I can say that for Yukihira-kun,
this dish covers all the aspects needed for it to be considered French cuisine.
For Erina-sama to say this much...
But what about Tsukasa-senpai?
What's your move, Tsukasa Eishi?
Oh, right!
I'm supposed to present my dish, too!
I-It'll just be a little longer.
I hope you like it.
I call it Two Faces of Roast Venison.
The surface of each slice is a perfect rose red.
It's as though the meat itself is gleaming.
I can slice through it just with the weight of the knife alone.
Harmony...
Harmony...
Pure, tranquil...
The red meat is so fragrant, yet tastes so light,
and savory juices are burst from it without any gamy taste at all.
Is this what came from all that love and care he put in heating it?
And what's more frightening are these two sauces...
What the heck?
What's going on with these unbelievable sauces?
On the right, we have sauce poivrade.
It's a sauce made from venison stock
and has a rough bite, but a lingering and clear aftertaste.
Then I added various berries to that sauce
to give it some tangy and refreshing sweetness on the left.
Sauce poivrade au baie.
Poivrade comes from the French word poivre, which means pepper.
The slight bite from the peppercorn in this sauce
helps bring balance to the mild and light venison's weighty volume.
The berries I used are...
Blueberries, red currants, blackberries...
As well as cassis liqueur, red wine, blackberry vinegar, and raspberry jam.
That's amazing! You managed to guess all of them.
I guess that's not surprising, since it's you.
But this isn't as simple as it sounds.
All of the berries used in this sauce were combined with precision.
That's why it has such a rich and complex flavor.
Even the slightest mistake, and the flavor could have been muddled or overly bitter.
It's like walking on a tightrope.
It wouldn't be possible to make without knowing
every detail about each component and how they all pair with each other.
It wouldn't be possible unless it was Tsukasa Eishi.
This dish is a superhuman feat.
With the two different kinds of aromatic sauces,
he was able to express the venison's delicate elegance and untamed wildness.
Holy crap!
This is insane!
Now, then...
Would you be so kind to judge our dishes? Which one was better?
There's no way we could choose so easily.
But if we had to choose one...
The dish that brought out the flavors of the venison better...
was clearly...
Now, then... We'll announce the results.
The winner of this cooking battle...
You don't have any objections to the results, do you, Yukihira?
I think you understand how different our abilities are.
Soma-kun's dish was really amazing, too.
He created a whole new world of flavors.
Tsukasa Eishi's dish brought out
such delicious flavors from the venison that it felt like Eden.
But if Soma-kun loses here...
Yukihira will end up in Central!
I can't deny that Tsukasa-san's dish was superior.
Yukihira-kun lost.
Yukihira...
You're far too unpredictable to be of any use to me.
That's what I thought when I ate your dish.
If I brought you to Central with me...
Rather than getting any sort of assistance from your support,
I think I'd keel over from anxiety.
I have a feeling you'd make something I didn't even ask you to make.
That's completely understandable.
I don't think I'd be able to handle you as my right hand.
So I think I'm going to change my mind on forcing you into Central.
Huh?
Are you sure?
Yeah. This battle wasn't a real Shokugeki in the first place.
Let's call this a draw, Yukihira.
Now, if you'll excuse me...
No.
I lost!
Huh?!
Soma-kun?!
A loss is a loss.
I clearly understand how different our skills are now.
If you admit defeat, you're going to end up in Central.
I don't want that, either.
You're so annoying!
Soma-kun, just hold back for now.
Huh?
Just shut up!
But I lost.
Shut your stupid mouth!
Just shut it!
Tsukasa-san...
Did you take pity on him?
Pity?
I'd say it's the exact opposite.
His cooking won't waver or change, no matter how much I try to force it.
That's why I thought it'd be dangerous to have him around me.
That's all.
Well, see you later.
Damn it... I lost again.
Huh? Erina-sama? Where did you go?
But he's the First Seat.
Erina-sama, are you hiding? You aren't in the salamander, are you?
Yeah... I couldn't reach him at all.
Erina-sama?!
But he's not so far that I'll never reach him.
Next time, I'll reach that summit!
A Few Days Later
Hall B
Wh-Whoa...
The Second Survivor Hunt
What's going on?
Central managed to take down so many other RS powerhouses...
But they're clearly winning!
Mito Ikumi!
Get'em, Megumi!
You've got this, Tadokoro-san!
Nikumi! You're sparkling!
Go!
You've got this!
Soma-kun protected our dorm all by himself.
I'm not going to let them take
the place where I belong, either!
The one who told me to join the Don RS was Yukihira.
There's no way I'd let them destroy it!
It's decided.
I felt their strong will to see their cooking through to the end!
Regional Cooking RS
The Regional Cooking RS wins! They will continue!
No! Why?!
You guys did it! Megumi! Nikumi-cchi!
Marui, too.
We defeated Central!
Sir Marui!
Come to think of it,
what's going on with Hayama's Shiomi Research Group?
There's something different about these first-years, compared to any other year.
And in my opinion, I believe Yukihira Soma is at the center of that.
Yukihira Soma...
He's one of the members of the Polar Star Dormitory, was he not?
And so, to celebrate Tadokoro's victory,
we'll now start the 7th God's Tongue Taste-Testing Festival!
Yay!
We're doing this again?
Thanks!
Fine, fine...
Erina-sama has finally fit in with everyone else.
I wonder who's here at this hour.
I guess the former director did come by not too long ago.
Hello?
What...
The new director.
Nakiri Azami...
Hello there, Yukihira Soma-kun.
I just happened to be in the area.
Father...
Wh-What do you want?
Stay back! Don't come any closer!
New Director.
What brings you here?
I came to see my daughter. Does that reason not suffice?
We're in the middle of a celebration.
Could I ask you to kindly leave?
Erina, come here.
Nakiri-san!
Erina-cchi! Don't!
I was wondering what all the fuss was about.
You come all the way back to the academy doing whatever you want.
Honestly, your insolence never ceases to amaze me,
Nakamura.
Huh?
Nakamura?
Come now, Fumio-san. I go by Nakiri now.
Besides, that's rather cold, considering an alumni from this dorm has come to visit.
What?!
He can't be...
An alumni from the Polar Star Dormitory?!
I took the time to do a little research on you, Azami-dono.
Nakamura Azami...
In the fall of your first year in high school,
you won the Third Seat in the Elite Ten,
and ended up the First Seat in the next year.
Some years later, you married the daughter of the Nakiri Family.
They then earned the name The Clan of the Demon Lord of Food,
and he became a top star in the cooking world that everyone acknowledged.
Until he was exiled by Senzaemon-dono.
He's a former First Seat?
When he was about our age, he was already the Third Seat in the Elite Ten.
However, I can't let this fact slip by.
This man was going to try to destroy the very dorm he grew up in
without a second thought.
I wasn't trying to destroy it.
It just happened the Polar Star Dormitory was included among
the groups I was trying to destroy.
Leave, Nakamura.
Very well.
I'll see you soon, Erina.
I'm glad to see you're doing well.
Erina will eventually come back to me on her own.
I'll leave her be a little longer until the time of the great revolution.
Heya.
Oh? Are you seeing me off?
Well, there's something really simple that was bugging me.
Despite how many years you lived here, you don't feel anything
for this place, Nakamura-senpai?
Do you hold me in contempt?
The world I seek is not in this dorm.
At least, not right now.
Not right now?
The golden age of the Polar Star Dormitory when I was here...
There was a senior that I looked up to very much.
He was unpredictable, yet refined.
He was truly a genius.
The memories of this chef continue to warm my heart...
Saiba Joichiro.
Huh?
At the pinnacle of my youth, he was there.
It was as though his genius technique and his talents were different from
any other on a genetic level.
So, uh...
I'm not sure if you know this but,
Saiba Joichiro...
He's... my dad.
You're... Saiba-senpai's son?
Man, Nakamura-senpai, I didn't know you knew my dad.
Yukihira-kun's...
Saiba Joichiro-sama's...
Saiba?
Yes. He's Yukihira-kun's father.
He's an alumni of Totsuki and a former Second Seat.
Second Seat?!
Yeah, we have a picture of him from when he came to visit the dorm.
Someone that amazing is his father?
Now then...
How much of this is coincidence, and how much of this was planned?
Huh?
This concerns you as well, Yukihira Soma-kun.
The great revolution that I've brought to Totsuki Academy...
is nothing more than the salvation of the culinary world that ruined Saiba-senpai.
Ruined Saiba-sama?
That salvation is almost complete.
I'm a lucky man, since I'll be able to show Saiba Joichiro's son the fruits of my labor.
I wonder what he means by that.
What happened between him and my dad?
What my father is trying to do
is deeply connected to the chef, Saiba Joichiro?
Totsuki
Food Wars
The Third Plate
To be continued?
To be continued?
To be continued!
