It seems I slightly underrated you, Elfman.
When it comes to tenacity and being able to take punishment,
you just may be number one in our guild.
We'll definitely follow the lead of your hard-won victory.
I never thought I'd hear Erza dish out praise like that.
She wouldn't if he hadn't earned it.
You totally gave me the shivers, Elfman!
Cut it out. You guys sound like you're payin' tribute to a dead man.
Ow...
Well, stubbornness always has been your saving grace.
That's kind of a sad saving grace...
You're not too different!
But it really was amazing, Elfman-san!
It's pathetic, but I can't do anything laid up like this,
so the rest is up to you, Wendy.
Right!
Well, the next match has already begun.
Get going.
One of the keys to victory is observing the enemy.
Got it, Granny.
See ya later.
I'm sorry.
To be honest, I'd like to stay here with you...
Forget about it. Nee-chan's match is up next, remember?
Cheer her on for me.
Relax. The Raijinshuu will protect him.
My runes will prevent outsiders from entering.
We won't let this place be attacked again.
Sorry...
You couldn't come up with a better fighting strategy?
Anyway, he's injured and needs his sleep.
How'bout we have Ever sleep with you?
Quit screwin' around!
Still, those Raven Tail jerks play dirty right out in the open...
I wonder if their intention is to take us out one by one.
I've still got my doubts about what happened.
What is it, Carla?
I already heard the basics...
We assume Raven Tail used a guild of bandits
in an attempt to kidnap Lucy.
But thanks to them screwing up the objective and Natsu's pursuit,
the scheme failed twice over.
Doesn't that make sense?
Although we don't know what they were planning to do with her...
Don't even go there!
The issue is the method of capture.
One of the members of Raven Tail that attacked us
has the power to reduce his opponent's magic power to zero for a moment.
Right...
Master suspects
that he's the one who canceled out Lucy's magic on the first day.
They've got a wizard whose magic would be perfect for a kidnapping,
so why wasn't he part of the operation?
Well, probably because of the rules of the battle part,
which require all participants to stay close to the arena.
That's because nobody knows who's going to be chosen for battle'til just before, right?
You're overthinking it, Carla.
Yeah.
I know very well that results matter much more to them than means.
Well, either way, if we're being targeted outside of the arena,
we mustn't let our guards down, and try not to be alone at any time.
What really bothers me
is the question of why they were after Lucy...
Mirajane versus Jenny!
It's the third match of the second day of the Grand Magic Games!
Mirajane Strauss from Fairy Tail B versus
Blue Pegasus reserve member Jenny Rearlight!
I'm back.
How is Elfman doing?
He's all beat up, but no worries.
So it's a showdown between two former models, huh?
Jenny's incredibly popular. I seem to recall that seven years ago,
she was voted the Number One Wizard I Want to Be My Girlfriend in Weekly Sorcerer.
I remember reading she really looked up to Mira-nee as a role model and aimed to be like her.
But Mira-nee was asleep for seven years,
so I guess Jenny is the older one now...
Have you recovered?
Carla!
Wendy's okay now, too.
I was told that everyone but the participants have to stay in these seats.
I was so worried about you!
Never mind that. The match has already started, right?
There's no sense being hung up on my dream now.
I've got to cheer our guild on!
Mirajane! Do your best! Uh...
What is this?!
They're...
Master, calm down.
Like this?
How's this?
What the hell's goin' on here?!
Mira-san...
I guess... since they're both former pinup models...
This is despicable.
Like so?
Hi...
They do this kind of thing in the battle part too?
I imagine this involves a special rule...
Or at least, I hope so...
Who would've figured we'd have to dip into our reserves on the second day...
Couldn't be helped. Not with Ichiya-san like that...
A competition that relied on physical strength must've really been tough on him.
As expected, pretty impressive.
It's been a while since I've done this kind of thing.
I didn't think you'd agree to do a pinup idol showdown.
Yeah, well, I'm not too fond of slugfests.
If we can resolve this peacefully, all the better, right?
Two former pinup idols!
And both of them using Transformation Magic, making this a dream battle come true!
I'm Chapati Rola, a judge along with Yajima-san,
and reporter Jason of the Weekly Sorcerer!
It's a big responsibility.
Both of them are cool beauties!
What's the next swimsuit going to be...
Hold it!
It won't do to let these little girls get all the attention!
When it comes to strength as well as beauty...
Why do I have to be out here?
This is an unforeseen happening!
Mermaid Heel has crashed the battle!
And I'm happy to see that Risley is slender for the moment!
Stop right there!
You people don't have enough love!
If you think you can please the crowd just by posing in swimsuits, you're gravely mistaken!
It's all about love! Without love...
And now Sherry and Cheria from Lamia Scale have joined the party!
I'm in awe of all of them...
This is no time to just sit back and be impressed!
Don't tell me...
But I didn't bring a swimsuit...
Don't worry!
I anticipated that
so I came prepared with enough swimsuits for everybody!
You think of everything, First Master!
Your keen insight dwarfs our imaginations!
Isn't it more like she just came ready to have a good time?
You three can't just sit back and watch either!
Let's all join in!
Why?!
When other people from the cheering section take the field, doing nothing is not an option!
Swimsuits look best
on Juvia, the water-manipulating wizard!
What, you're going out there too?
A woman in love has to battle at a time like this.
I'm sick of hearin' about it...
I think this has gotten out of hand...
Well, it's not so bad as a fun little stunt...
It's chaos here!
And yet, the crowd is eating it up, so we'll go with it!
Not to mention we'd have a riot on our hands if we put a stop to the fun now!
This is great! So cool!
It's settled!
The next Weekly Sorcerer cover story will be a wizard swimsuit competition!
Still and all,
this match is just between Mirajane and Jenny!
In that case, there's no point in us being out here!
Oh, the main thing is that we have fun!
How is it that a ghost like you gets such a kick out of this?
I bet anything her personality
has an effect on the mood of our guild!
What, you're here too?
I won't let your people hog the spotlight.
The next theme is school swimsuits!
Why are we suddenly in weird fetish swimwear?
You don't really look out of place in one, Wendy.
That doesn't make me happy!
Next up is bikinis and thigh-high socks!
For some reason, this feels even more embarrassing than the swimsuit alone...
Moving on to girls in glasses!
This isn't any change for me...
Cat ears!
Is there any point for me to wear them?
Bondage!
This is also a form of love!
You're too into it!
Well, Erza? Are you about ready to admit defeat?
Did you say something?
I lose...
We're gettin' further and further into fetish territory!
Yeah... I don't mind...
The next theme is wedding dress!
Prepare a partner, then get into bridal gear!
I'm sorry for suddenly dragging you into this, Master.
This is all part of the job of being master...
Well, you were at hand...
That's actually even more of a turn-on...
I'm Levy's groom!
She already rejected you!
It's the same with you!
You're not paired up with anyone?
This is ridiculous. I'm better off just taking a nap.
You guys aren't going out there?
No. If something should happen...
If my wife happened to see me...
I'm the groom for you, right, Carla?
Well, since we are both Exceeds...
Juvia! I'm the only one for you...
Leon-sama! But Juvia is...
Gray-sama!
It's no fun letting a teammate get snatched by a jerk from another guild.
Juvia is so happy!
Our love is steadfast!
Don't be so clingy!
You'll make me fall in love with you even more...
Who should I...?
Loke!
Let's take this opportunity
and really get married!
Natsu!
You look good in that!
You too, Natsu!
When did this...?!
Come to think of it, when we were kids, I imagined that we would get...
Lucy, what are you doing?!
I'm sorry!
Hurry up and get offa me...
The wedding showdown is over!
Let's go back to the swimsuit showdown!
I think it's about time for me to put in an appearance!
That's...
Lamia Scale's Oba Babasama
is going to show you
what a woman's charm is!
With that single strike, the excitement in this arena went down the drain.
The interlopers suddenly lost interest and are returning to their seats.
Cool down...
It looks like playtime is over, huh?
I'm a little disappointed. That was fun...
This match has gone on much longer than planned, so the next outfit will be the last!
Here it is!
With apologies to Mira, no matter what the theme is,
I've got a trick that guarantees my victory!
Mira, this'll be the last one.
Yep. And I'm not gonna lose!
Why don't we go with the flow of the previous matches
and make a bet?
Good idea. What are the stakes?
How about the person who loses
has to appear nude in the Weekly Sorcerer?!
Mira-nee...
For a second, I thought it wouldn't be bad if she lost...
I'm sorry. Me too...
Sure, why not?!
O-O-Oh my goodness! An unbelievable wager has just been made!
She fell for it.
Between me and Mira,
I don't know which of us has more fans out of the people in the stands,
but the key point is those three judges.
Cool-cool-cool-cool-cool!
I coincidentally asked about their type of women during last night's dinner party,
and it seems their preference is for younger women!
Mira hasn't aged for seven years.
Which means she's young!
And Jason,
I'm sure you'll choose Mira to sell more magazines.
After all, a beautiful model comes back after seven years without aging and she's nude!
There's nothing to even think about.
T-The final theme... is battle gear!
I'm sorry, Mira. Whatever the theme, I'll win.
Just as I planned...
This is my battle form.
Then I'll change into mine.
We went with the flow of previous matches and made a bet
so maybe it'll be okay
to keep going with that flow and finish this with a little dust-up?
What's that form?!
Mirajane's demonic Sitri form.
From what I know, it's her strongest Satan Soul.
I accepted your bet.
Now I want you to accept my power.
What?!
Okay?
A complete change! In the end, we got a physical fight!
Well, that is the original rule...
Cool! Cool! Cool!
The winner... Mirajane!
She did it!
That's my Mira-nee!
She did it! She did it! She did it! She did it! She did it! She did it!
No matter which won...
We gotta buy the Sorcerer!
That's like the old Mira! Awesome!
I thought this was supposed to be a pinup model battle...
It was a pinup model battle.
But I don't think there was any no punching rule.
I'm trying to wrap my head around that one...
Isn't that how she always is?
Sorry!
I look forward to seeing you in your birthday suit, Jenny.
No!!
Fairy Tail B receives ten points!
That was incredible.
Get it?
She's not someone you wanna piss off.
Understood.
Congratulations, Mira-san.
I feel like I wore a lot of immodest outfits.
Although that last one had the most impact...
So now we have 12 points, the same as Natsu's team.
What's wrong, Mystogan?
Nothing...
Isn't he supposed to be the silent type?
Oh, that's right...
Even though the second day is about to be over...
What does this mean?
Captain Arcadios!
Well, well, Defense Minister Darton...
What do you think you're doing?!
Doing about what?
Don't feign ignorance!
Why are you trying to get a hold of a Celestial Spirit Wizard now?!
Don't you think it's premature?
I want to make a trial run as soon as possible.
It's still too early!
It isn't ready yet!
Defense Minister,
please keep your voice down.
Besides, it is indeed complete.
What?!
Saying it wasn't ready was a lie of convenience, in order to come up with a budget.
Now all we need is a Celestial Spirit Wizard
and Eclipse will have reached the practical stage.
I don't believe it...
You're telling me it's been completed in merely seven years?!
The project shall now proceed to phase 4, plan B.
This time we will absolutely acquire a Celestial Spirit Wizard.
It's already common knowledge that you're opposed to the Eclipse Project.
However, we can't be stopped now after coming this far.
Are you a devil?!
For the sake of king and country,
a man may even become devil or god.
Weighed against Eclipse, the gateway that will change the world,
the life of one girl is exceedingly cheap.
Alright, the second day of the Grand Magic Games reaches its final match at last!
Kagura Mikazuchi from Mermaid Heel versus
Sabertooth's Yukino Agria!
We've got another battle of the beauties!
Which do you think is going to win?
Yukino-san, of course!
How is it you don't even know that, Frosch?!
Fro thinks so, too!
Thanks to somebody, we couldn't get any points in the competition part.
No.
Sting-sama was just unlucky.
If we'd known the competition was going to be on top of a moving vehicle...
Never mind about that.
You do know what it means to be a member of this team, don't you?
Sabertooth...
It means fighting in that name without sullying it
and winning without question.
Good luck, Kagura-chan!
Win it for me!
Still, her opponent's from Sabertooth...
Kagura is stronger than her!
Never fear.
I saw the path...
The destination of my sword...
I guess we're done with the pinup model battles?
Well, depending on individual taste, it wouldn't be out of the question...
We couldn't ask this cool twosome to do that, right?!
Sabertooth...
Watch closely.
This is the guild we have to overcome.
Right!
All of you already know how strong Kagura is.
She's Mermaid Heel's strongest wizard
as well as the Weekly Sorcerer's top pick for female wizard!
Against her is Yukino, who's making her debut today.
Still, she's a member of the strongest guild, Sabertooth,
so we can expect her to be pretty strong!
Alright, let the match begin!
I look forward to doing battle with you.
As do I.
Before we begin, shall we make a bet too?
Sorry, but I'm not interested.
Is it because you're afraid of losing?
I don't possess that kind of emotion.
However, I believe that when one makes a wager, it must be followed through.
So I'd like to abstain from any thoughtless diversions.
In that case, let's make a serious bet.
Let's bet our lives.
The next battle is also between two women, huh?
Is it gonna be another swimsuit showdown?
If it is, the sponsor of this tournament who decides on the match-ups
has a dirty mind!
But it doesn't feel like that's gonna be the case this time...
Both of them seem like they're straight-laced, right?
It looks like this is gonna be a serious match.
In other words, we're not getting any more so-called service scenes, huh?
Next time: Kagura versus Yukino!
She said they're gonna bet their lives, but what happens when one loses?
They go nude in the Sorcerer!
That was for the last match!
