It was only a short time, but thank you for taking care of me!
Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet
I don't feel like I did anything I need to be thanked for.
Your internship ended up the way it did, too.
No, it was thanks to your instruction in ideas and your continuous sparring with me
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All
that I was able to do something even against the hero killer.
Ow...!
Against a hero killer that wasn't serious!
Well, it was better than if you tried for a single killer shot at 100
and then ended up missing, I guess I should say.
But that arm had stress fractures, didn't it?
At the last minute, you went over the permitted 5 limit.
Nag Nag Nag
You still strain yourself in your impatience,
and when you lose focus, your control wavers.
You must always be alert and calm.
I'm sure you already know this,
but if you want to become a great hero like All Might,
then you still have a lot to learn.
Yes, sir!
See you around.
C-Can I ask you o-one last thing?
I thought it was rude, so I never got a chance to ask...
I could never find a good time for it, but...
Hurry up! I want to eat taiyaki!
Even though you're really strong and even trained All Might,
the name Gran Torino is almost u-unknown...
Is there a reason for that?
Oh, that's because I was never interested in working as a hero.
What?!
I had a goal in the past that required me to be able to use my Quirk freely.
That was the only reason I got my license.
It'd be better to hear more about this from Toshi-
I mean, All Might. Expect more from him.
All Might...
That's all! Be well!
Yes, sir!
Thank you very much! Excuse me!
The greatest hero, huh...?
You're completely different in appearance and personality,
but he certainly is just like you, Toshinori.
The man chosen by my sworn friend...
And the one that man chose to inherit One For All...
Kid!
Who are you?
You're asking now?!
Um, well... I'm Izuku Midor-
That's not it, is it?
Huh...?
I'm Deku!
Let's watch over him together, Toshinori.
Until the day you pass into history...
Until the day the name Deku is celebrated as the Symbol of Peace...
Listen Up!! A Tale from the Past
Seriously?! Seriously, Bakugo?!
Stop laughing!
My hair's gotten used to it, so it won't go back even after I wash it!
Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion
Hey, stop laughing!
I'll kill you!
Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening
I'd like to see you try, Side-Part Boy!
What'd you say?!
It's back!
Wow, you even got to fight villains?
Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid
I'm so jealous!
Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack
I just helped people evacuate and did logistical support,
so I didn't do any actual fighting, though.
It's still amazing, though!
Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog
All I did was train and go on patrols, too.
There was just one time when we caught smugglers from a neighboring country.
That's crazy!
What about you, Ochaco? How was your week?
Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity
It was very worthwhile...
Ochaco's awakened, huh?
She went to that battle hero's place, right?
That's a huge change for just one week...
Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification
Change? That's not it, Kaminari.
Women are all demons. They're just hiding their true personalities.
What did you see at Mt. Lady's place?!
I was kind of fawned over and had a good time.
But the ones who changed the most, or at least went through the most
Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot
were you three, right?
Oh, yeah! The hero killer!
I'm glad you guys made it out alive! Seriously.
Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation
I was worried.
I heard Endeavor saved you, right?
That's amazing! As expected from the number two hero!
Yeah. He saved us.
Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility
Yeah.
I saw on the news
that the hero killer was connected to the League of Villains.
Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms
Imagining someone that scary coming to USJ freaks me out.
He is scary, but did you see the video, Ojiro?
Video? You mean of the hero killer?
Yeah.
Seeing that, you can see how he's really single-minded and, like, tenacious.
Hero Killer: Stain. Real name: Chizome Akaguro. All Might's debut left a deep impression on him, and he set his sights on becoming a hero.
He enrolled in a private hero high school
Doesn't it almost make you think he's cool?
but was disappointed in the fundamentally depraved view of heroes taught by the educational system. He dropped out...
Kaminari!
Huh?
Oh, Ii-
Sorry!
No, it's fine.
It's true that he was tenacious.
I understand how people could think he's cool.
But he chose purging as a result of his beliefs.
No matter what he thinks, that part is definitely wrong.
In order to keep anyone else from turning out like me,
I will once again walk on the path to becoming a hero!
Yeah, Iida!
Now, it is time to commence class!
Everyone, take your seats!
He's so loud...
It's'cause you talked about weird stuff, Kaminari!
Sorry about that.
Until I become a true hero,
I think I want to leave my left hand as it is.
You're cool, Iida!
Okay, I am here.
Anyway, we'll start now. Right. It's hero basic training!
Long time no see, boys and girls!
How've you been?
Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All
For this time's hero basic training-
Since you've all just gotten back from your internships,
we'll have some fun with a rescue training race!
If we are doing rescue training, then shouldn't we do it at USJ?
That place is for training for disasters.
Do you remember what I said?
That's right! I said race!
This is Field Gamma!
A dense area filled with factories laid out like an intricate labyrinth.
You'll break up into four 5-person groups
and go through the training one group at a time.
When I send out a distress signal from somewhere inside,
you'll all start at once from the outskirts of the city!
It's a race to see who will rescue me first!
Of course, you'll have to keep damage to buildings to a minimum.
Don't point at me!
All right, first group, get in place!
Iida hasn't completely recovered yet, right?
He should just watch.
This group has everyone in the class with good mobility.
Hmm, perhaps Midoriya is at a slight disadvantage.
That's true. Honestly, I'm still not sure how good he is.
And whenever he does something, he always gets badly injured...
Who do you think'll win? I think Sero'll be first!
But Ojiro's there, too.
I think it'll be Ashido. She's really athletic!
Deku will be last!
Even if he's injured, I still think it'll be Iida.
Ribbit.
Okay, here we go!
Start!
1st Place
See, look!
In a place all jumbled together like this, it's standard practice to go up!
Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow Koji Koda
Which means, Sero's got an advantage since he's good in the air, huh?
Hey, isn't this place a little too perfect for me?
It's too perfect... for the training I did!
Wow, Midoriya?!
What's with those moves?
No way!
Yeah, now that I think about it, those moves are...
Wow! He's hopping... like...
My moves!
While I was spending my time uselessly at my internship...
Again...
Again...!
Midoriya's jumping?
His broken bones are already healed?
Calm down!
I can do this. Just calm down! Stay at 5!
Always be alert and calm...
Huh?
Finish!
Thanks for saving me
Thank you! And congrats.
Thanks!
-I can't believe this! -Midoriya, are you all right?
I see, when jumping in an area with unstable footing,
I have to take where I'm jumping into consideration, too...
I have a lot to learn.
Young Sero came in first, but compared to the beginning of the year,
you've all gotten a lot better at using your Quirks.
Keep going like this and start preparing for your final exam!
Yes, sir!
Group one, you can leave the field. Next group, get ready!
You surprised me. I couldn't believe my eyes!
Come find me after class is over.
Yes, sir...
The time has come when I must tell you
about me and One For All.
Hanta Sero Quirk: Tape He can shoot tape-like material from his elbows and use it to apprehend or for movement.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 7/28 Height: 177 cm Blood Type: B Likes: Oranges
Minoru Mineta Quirk: Pop Off He can pull ball-shaped objects from his head that can stick to anything and be used for offense or movement.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 10/8 Height: 108 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Women
That was some hard training.
Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Naval Laser
Our first class in a while made me sweat!
I need to work on my mobility.
You must compensate for it by gathering information.
That'll put me a step behind everyone.
I'm jealous of guys like you and Sero.
I wonder what he wants. It's a little scary...
Hey, Midoriya!
I discovered something crazy!
Come here!
Look at this hole, Shawshank!
It is probably thanks to the efforts of those who came before us!
Next door is, you know-
the girls' locker room!
Stop this, Mineta!
Peeping is definitely a criminal act!
My little Mineta is already a criminal act!
Yaoyorozu's ample yaoyoro-boobs!
Ashido's slender waist!
Hagakure's floating underwear!
Uraraka's fine uraraka-body!
Asui's unexpected boobie-
Jiro's Earphone Jack!
With its brutal combination of precision and surprise attack abilities, it's super strong!
Thanks, Kyoka.
How despicable.
Let us close this up right away!
I'm the only one he didn't say anything about...
My eye! My eye!
Excuse me!
Have a seat.
He seems... different...
You went through a lot, huh?
I'm sorry I couldn't be nearby.
That's... not something you need to apologize for, All Might...
More importantly...
Um, what did you mean when you said you wanted to talk about One For All?
I heard...
Oh, yes...
His Quirk was one that could keep someone from moving after ingesting their blood...
What about it?
Do you remember what I said
when I gave you my power?
Eat this.
No, not that part.
I said that it didn't matter what it was as long as you took in my DNA.
Th-Then d-don't tell me, the h-hero killer has One For All now...?!
No, that's not it.
I thought you might've been worried about that, but...
I see... You forgot about it, huh?
One For All cannot be transferred to anyone unless the bearer wishes it.
It cannot be stolen by force.
It can be transferred by force, though.
Chocolate
This is just out of obligation! Obligation!
Why are you there?
It's a special Quirk.
Yes, and this is how it came about...
One For All was derived from a certain Quirk that existed in the past.
A Quirk that existed in the past?
The name of that Quirk is All For One.
A Quirk that could steal Quirks from others and make them the holder's,
and one that could give those Quirks to others.
All... Everything for one person...?
This was when superpowers were first showing up,
before society had figured out how to deal with the changes.
With the appearance of Quirks, suddenly,
what made someone a normal human crumbled away.
Protect humans!!! Humanity's crisis Give people peace of mind Get out!! Exile them!!
With just that, laws lost their meaning,
Don't come here!! Don't let the monsters in! Protect the peace!! Eliminate the monsters!! Segregate them!!
and the progress of civilization stopped.
It was literal decay.
If superpowers had never appeared,
then humans would be taking interstellar holidays by now.
Someone important said that in the past.
That's right.
During that chaotic period,
there was someone who was the first to unify all the people.
I'm sure you've also heard of him.
He stole Quirks from people
and with his overwhelming power, he spread his influence.
He moved people in a calculating way,
committing evil acts to his heart's content.
In the blink of an eye, he became the leader of the evildoers
and ruled over Japan.
I often see rumors about this online,
but isn't this a fabrication?
It's not in the textbooks or anything...
They can't put secret dealings in textbooks, can they?
If people get powers, they look for places to use them.
How does this relate to One For All?
I said that All For One could give Quirks to others, right?
He made others trust him or surrender to him by giving them Quirks.
But apparently, there were many given Quirks who could not bear the burden
and became like living dolls who couldn't speak.
Just like the Nomus.
Meanwhile, there were also Quirks that changed or mixed once they were passed on.
He had a Quirkless younger brother.
His brother was small and sickly, but he had a strong sense of justice.
It pained him to see his older brother's deeds,
so he kept resisting him.
He forced a Quirk that could stock power onto his younger brother.
At this point, it is impossible to know if that was out of kindness
or to force him into submission.
Don't tell me...
Yeah. He was thought to be Quirkless, but there was something inside him.
Something that neither he himself nor those around him noticed.
He had a useless Quirk that could pass on Quirks!
The Quirk to stock power mixed with the Quirk to pass on Quirks.
That was the origin of One For All.
It's ironic
that justice always comes from evil.
Hey, wai-
I understand how that came about,
but why are you bringing up an evildoer from so long ago now?
He can steal Quirks, you know. Anything goes.
A Quirk to stop aging...
He probably stole something like that.
The Symbol of Evil was pretty much immortal...
With the huge difference in their combat abilities and the state of society at the time,
the defeated younger brother decided to entrust his Quirk to future generations.
He believed that even if he couldn't win then, if he slowly cultivated the power,
then one day, it would become strong enough to stop his older brother.
And then, when it was my turn, I was finally able to defeat him!
At least, that's what I thought, but he survived
and has started moving again as the brain behind the League of Villains.
One For All is power inherited to defeat All For One, so to speak.
You may one day have to fight against this great evil...
This is harsh on you, but-
I'll do my best!
I'll do whatever you ask of me, no matter what it is!
As long as you're with me, I can do anything!
That's what it feels like!
Tell him, All Might.
You must...
That's not it, Young Midoriya...
Thank you...
That's not it, Young Midoriya.
Probably, by that time...
I won't be able to be by your side anymore...
Well, it's almost time for summer vacation,
Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure
but of course, it wouldn't make sense for you to rest for the whole month.
Don't tell me...
During summer vacation, we'll have a training camp in the woods!
I knew it! Yes!
Let's test our courage!
Baths!
Fireworks!
Open-air baths!
Curry.
Hot springs!
If we're out in nature, we will have to work under different conditions, right?
No matter what the environment, we must choose wisely...
Interesting.
Eating and sleeping with everyone!
I'm getting excited!
However.
Silence
Those who do not pass the final exam before that...
Everyone, let's do our best!
This is damn stupid.
Girls, do your best!
It's true that what All Might said was mind-blowing,
but our daily lives continued like this,
and in the end, what I need to do hasn't changed.
Now that I think about it, All Might didn't say anything about himself.
Hero Killer...
I didn't think he'd get caught,
but everything else pretty much went as expected.
With this, those who want to go wild or who sympathize with him
will seek out the League of Villains as a place to release their urges.
Tomura Shigaraki will be put in a position where he must unify all of them.
I believe things will move faster if you go out before them, though, Master.
Then hurry up and fix my body, Doctor...
If only we'd gotten our hands on super regeneration five years earlier...
After your wounds healed, it was just a useless Quirk.
The leader of the League of Villains, huh?
I wonder if that child can really do it...
It's fine. I'll have him work hard-
in order to have him become the next me.
That child was born with the twisted sense needed for that.
Celebrate while you can, All Might-
Celebrate this farce of a temporary peace.
Preview
Here's the preview!
The final exam is about to begin.
Setting aside the written exam, what's the practical exam going to be like?
Midoriya, it looks like we'll be fighting against robots in the practical exam.
It'll be easy!
Ashido, I think the content of the test changed...
Let's see... Students form pairs...
What the heck? We can't beat them!
Next time, Gear up for Final Exams!
Yes! Actually, I'm in trouble for the written exam, too!
Next time: Gear up for Final Exams
Go beyond...
Plus Ultra!
