LEIDENSCHAFTLICH DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
Excuse me.
Care for a drink?
No, not right now.
All right.
After all, you're not in the military anymore.
You're a civilian business owner now.
Business is thriving for you, I hear.
Thank you.
But, what happens if another war breaks out?
With the North?
Precisely.
Among the Northern Alliance countries led by the Gardarik Empire,
there are forces who oppose the peace agreement.
I'm sure you are familiar with Drossel's published love letters.
Drossel was one of us, a member of the Southern Union.
That's right. Drossel and Fluegel.
A happy marriage between two forces who were once enemies.
This would be a clear sign to tell the surrounding countries
that the war is over.
President. I'll be going now.
THE KINGDOM OF DROSSEL
Violet.
I know this is going to be a hard job,
but you've gained lots of experience in the past few months.
So, have confidence in yourself.
This is the royal palace.
Good luck...
on writing a good letter.
Miss Violet Evergarden
from CH Postal Company...
is here to request your presence, Princess Charlotte Eberfreya Drossel,
Your Highness.
I am pleased to make your acquaintance.
If it is your wish, I will travel anywhere to meet your request.
Auto Memory Doll, Violet Evergarden, at your service.
Princess?
Princess. I thought I told you about this meeting the other day.
What? Is it the Doll?
I am pleased to meet you.
Auto Memory Doll, Violet Evergarden, at your service.
I'm Charlotte Eberfreya Drossel.
I'm set to marry the prince of Fluegel, Damian Baldur Fluegel.
You'll be penning the published love letter for me.
Princess,
your elegant speech is completely ruined with that appearance.
The published love letter.
Its purpose is to express your love for one another as beautifully as possible
to convince the people how wonderful your marriage is.
Doll.
It all depends on your ability.
I am fully aware, Your Highness. I will not disappoint you.
I feel like I'm not talking to a human.
You really are like a doll.
Tell me, Doll. How old are you?
I apologize.
Since I'm an orphan, I do not know my exact age.
But I'm told I'm around 14 years of age.
Sorry for asking.
Will you accept my apology,
-Doll? -Please do not worry about it.
Is there an issue with my age?
No, I'm just curious about how others about my age feel.
So...
How much of an age difference is acceptable, do you think?
Acceptable?
The princess is asking whether you'd feel interested in him romantically.
I've never experienced romance before.
But I've analyzed statistics based on literature
from many places and eras.
Based on that knowledge,
there have been many marriages and lovers with large age differences.
In general, age is not a barrier to love.
Even if he's ten years older?
Prince Damian is 24 years old.
I don't think it would be an issue.
Even if there's no love?
What do you think?
My thoughts on the subject of love are...
Regarding love and loveless marriages,
I lack the information and understanding to provide an answer at the moment.
What good are you, then?! What kind of life have you been living?
We can't even have a decent conversation!
I'm more worried about your future than mine!
And also, can't you be more expressive when you talk?
Please, wait a moment.
I'm finished.
Prince Damian Baldur Fluegel.
What if I told you that saying your name,
or simply writing your name,
makes my heart skip?
In this kingdom of flowers,
everything makes me think about you,
and every day, I let out a sigh.
For instance, when I look up at the moon floating in the night sky,
the waning moon looks like a flower petal falling to the ground.
THE KINGDOM OF FLUEGEL
What do you think about when you look at the same moon?
As instructed, she incorporated the moon and the flower.
You're good at writing love letters!
Hey.
Yes.
Impressive. The two countries will be united soon.
It's looking good so far.
As white as the camellia. I praise your beauty,
Princess Charlotte Eberfreya Drossel.
You are my love story.
-My passionate feelings for you -How wonderful.
overflow from my heart.
I hope and desire to have you with me as soon as possible.
Please excuse me.
It has a beautiful ring to it.
Is she...
embarrassed?
No.
Those weren't tears of embarrassment.
They're tears of frustration.
I've known the princess since our queen was pregnant with her.
Princess. You know I can find you no matter where you hide.
Princess.
I would hold this against you if I was your mother-in-law.
You tend to lose control when you get emotional.
When you marry into the Fluegel family, I, your Alberta, won't be there.
Why would you say that?
I am the court lady of the royal palace. I belong to the royal palace.
Not to you, Charlotte.
You belong to me!
You snatched me away from my mother's womb.
You're the one who raised me!
I'm the one...
who belongs to you!
I've had enough. The letters...
and you. Everything.
Get out!
Get out of my sight!
No. I will stay by your side.
Princess Charlotte. How should we prepare the next letter?
I don't really care anymore.
Just write whatever you want.
His replies are written by a Doll as well, anyways.
Prince Damian is a very busy person.
I bet he's not reading my letters.
It doesn't matter what it says.
Princess Charlotte,
it looks like you're not satisfied with his replies.
It's not that.
It's just... I've met Damian once before.
And the Damian I know wouldn't use those kinds of words.
Hey.
Can I stop being the Princess of Drossel right now, just for a moment?
Violet.
Quit being a Doll right now and listen to my story as your true self.
Just listen, okay?
Yes.
The day I turned 10 years old,
a grand banquet was held in Drossel.
For royal family members, 10 is already old enough for marriage.
Literally every man I met was a suitor.
I didn't feel like anyone was celebrating my birthday.
It didn't matter how I felt.
That's how I was treated.
Hey. No one's looking for you?
Go ahead. It's okay to cry.
But I want to stop crying.
Don't say that!
When I saw you at the banquet, I thought you were such a bratty kid.
I'm glad to see you cry like this.
That was the worst birthday party ever.
Even I escaped from it.
I understand why you would want to cry.
See you.
That man spoke truthfully to me.
It wasn't much.
But I...
For me...
That made me so happy.
Then the war intensified and my marriage got put off.
But as soon as the war ended,
I received a marriage offer. I was surprised.
I knew this was my only chance.
I researched and gathered information on how our union would benefit both sides.
I made an effort to get my father and the Diet to agree.
I'm not sure if that was a factor in their decision,
but Drossel ended up choosing Fluegel.
You have no idea how happy I am about this marriage.
But I'm not sure how he feels about it.
What if he's actually in love with someone else?
We're also ten years apart.
We may not see eye to eye.
Besides...
I'm just...
a crybaby.
And Alberta won't be there for me.
What if they hate me over there?
Everything in the letter is a lie.
I can't sense his true feelings.
I want to know how he really feels.
You want to know... how he really feels.
Princess Charlotte.
Violet?
We, Auto Memory Dolls, write letters for our clients.
We cannot accept requests outside our duty.
I may be overstepping my bounds with what I'm about to do.
Please understand that my actions are unrelated to CH Postal Company.
What are you going to do?
I want to stop your tears.
The words...
his Doll wrote sound familiar.
Violet.
What is she planning to do?
Princess.
Princess Charlotte Eberfreya Drossel.
Do you remember me
from the garden with the white camellias on that moonlit night?
That's a handwritten letter!
It's rather brief. What is he thinking?
This is a first in history. What's happening?
Violet!
I had a discussion with his Doll regarding our future exchanges.
It's your turn to write a letter.
Using your own words.
Prince Damian Baldur Fluegel.
I do remember.
You laughed at my tear-stained face.
I was really offended by that!
But I never forgot the sound of your voice when you told me it was okay to cry.
I never forgot about your kindness.
I laughed because you were cute when you acted your age.
I didn't mean to offend you. I'm sorry.
Although my title is'Prince,' my personality isn't exactly that.
Don't expect me to be a mature man.
We only met that one night.
What kind of girl are you?
How dreamy. Sounds like a genuine love letter.
I'm a hot-tempered crybaby.
I'm probably not the woman of your dreams.
No way!
Come on, prince! Comfort the princess!
I have a little sister, so, I'm used to crybabies.
But I'm not all that great either.
I'm not the man of your dreams, either.
That's lame!
Come on, be a man! You're supposed to say, Come with me!
That's not true since I'm already head over heels for you!
Because of the first letter?
That was the work of a skilled Doll.
I'm not in love with the one in the letter.
I'm into the person I met 4 years ago who patted my head under the moonlight.
I just comforted you that one time because you were crying.
I've treasured that one moment for all these years like a precious gem!
I'm insensitive and don't understand a woman's heart.
I might leave you and go hunting.
I'll probably disappoint you.
I'm sure you'll meet a better man as you get older.
Excuse me, but what do you mean by a'better man'?
In terms of their looks? Their wealth?
My idea of a good person is someone who's able to act genuinely.
Among everyone I've met, the only one who admits
to not being a good man is you!
That's all I care about. That's all I want!
I'll go with you when you go hunting.
Don't underestimate the Princess of Drossel!
I'm educated so that I'm able to marry into any family!
I bet I'm a better hunter than you!
I shouldn't have written that!
He must think I'm an ugly brat!
I should've had you write everything, Violet!
Why didn't Alberta stop me?
Princess Charlotte.
Here's his reply.
What does it say?
It says, I'll be waiting for you in the garden under the moon tonight.
Hey.
Prince Damian?
I brought my reply.
My future bride
seems to be a smart, strong-willed, and funny person.
She'd make a good queen.
Let's get married, Charlotte.
Will you marry me?
Yes.
Their love has a happy ending.
Princess.
It's time to get ready.
Please wake up.
Princess?
Alberta.
Alberta, I'm over here.
Good morning.
Princess, you shouldn't tease adults.
Oh? But I'm a mature adult now, too.
Now, Princess Charlotte, it's time to get dressed.
Hey, Alberta.
Where do you think Violet is now?
She must have left the country by now.
You look beautiful.
I wish Violet could've seen me in my wedding dress.
Are your worries gone now?
Gone? Of course not!
I'm on the verge of crying right now.
You must not cry. You're about to set off on a new journey.
It was my dream to marry Prince Damian.
Yes.
But I hate that I have to leave my home.
Yes.
But what I really dread is to be separated from you,
more than anyone!
Alberta.
Princess.
I wish you happiness.
Princess Charlotte.
Alberta.
Violet.
You owe me one.
It was hard to convince Prince Damian to do it.
Thank you very much.
I want to eat steak.
Is that what I owe you?
Indeed!
Understood.
Hey. Today is such a beautiful day.
Don't you think?
Yes.
A beautiful day for a wedding.
LEIDENSCHAFTLICH PORT OF LEIDEN
It's you.
Diethard.
Navy Captain Bougainvillea.
I heard rumors about you.
So, you really did become an Auto Memory Doll.
You bastard.
The one who killed so many of my comrades.
Writing letters...
with the very hand that took the lives of so many.
You write letters that bring people together?
Subtitle translation by Sachiko Takahashi
