The world has become a superhuman society,
and about 80 of the world's population now has some kind of special trait.
In this world swirling with chaos,
the profession that everyone once dreamed about and admired
came into the limelight.
Heroes of justice fighting villains and saving people from distress.
Yes, this is the story of how I became the greatest hero.
The U.A. sports festival is drawing near.
Of course, joining a famous hero agency will get you more experience and popularity.
One chance a year-
a total of just three chances.
No aspiring heroes can afford to miss this event.
If you understand that, then don't slack off on your preparations!
Yes, sir!
Roaring Sports Festival
The U.A. sports festival is something pro heroes-
no, the whole country- is watching closely. A big event!
That is what I brought you here to talk about!
The next All Might... The fledgling Symbol of Peace...
Izuku Midoriya.
I want you to tell the world I am here!
I am here...
But how...?
You know the sports festival system, right?
Yes, of course!
The support, business, general studies, and hero courses come together
First-Year Stage
and fight through preliminary games of different types by class year.
The students who make it through face off in the finals.
It's a round-robin tournament divided by grade.
That's right! In other words, you can sell yourself with everything you've got!
Right...
I mean, what you say is absolutely correct!
mutter mutter mutter
But honestly, it's kind of hard to get completely into it right after what just happened...
mutter mutter mutter
Besides, All Might is already teaching me,
so I'm not as motivated to stand out at the sports festival...
mutter mutter mutter
In the first place, I don't think I can stand out in my current state,
and I did terribly in the fitness tests...
No one's better at spouting nonsense than you!
Nonsense?
Those who are always aiming for the top, and those who aren't.
That slight difference in attitudes will have a big impact once you go out into society.
I understand how you feel, and this is more for me than for you.
I won't force you.
However, I hope you won't forget how you felt back at the beach park.
Wh...
Wh-What's going on?
What business do you have with Class A?
We can't get out!
What'd you come here for, anyway?
Scouting out the enemy, small fry.
We're the ones who made it out of the villains' attack.
-That's Kacchan in neutral.
-They probably wanna check us out before the sports festival.
There's no point in doing stuff like that.
Out of my way, extras!
Stop calling people extras just because you don't know them!
I came to see what the famous Class A was like,
but you seem pretty arrogant.
Are all the students in the hero course like this?
Seeing something like this makes me disillusioned.
There are quite a few people who enrolled in
general studies or other courses because they didn't make it into the hero course.
Did you know that?
The school has left those of us a chance.
Depending on the results of the sports festival,
they'll consider our transfer into the hero course.
And it seems they may also transfer people out.
Scouting out the enemy?
I, at least, came to say that even if you're in the hero course,
if you get too carried away, I'll sweep your feet out from under you.
I came with a declaration of war.
This person's bold, too!
Hey, hey!
Hey Hey Hey Hey
I'm from Class B next door!
I heard you fought against villains, so I came to hear'bout it!
Don't get so full of yourself!
Another bold person!
If you bark too much, it'll be embarrassing for you durin' the real fight!
You ignorin' me, bastard?!
Wait a minute, Bakugo! What're you gonna do about all this?
It's your fault that everyone's hating on us!
It doesn't matter.
Huh?!
It doesn't matter as long as you rise to the top.
Damnit, you bastard!
That's so simple and manly!
Huh?
You said it.
Huh?
The top, huh? There is truth in that.
Hang on, don't be tricked!
He just made more pointless enemies!
That's right!
We'll just be at a disadvantage at the sports festival!
I'm just...
I'm just getting started!
You hear?
Here, I will become number one!
Kacchan...
Am I... an idiot...?!
I'll definitely become a hero and make money
-and let my parents take it easy.
-I set my sights on being a hero because I want to be like my brother.
Time is limited.
If you expect to go pro,
-then the path to your future will open up at this...
-That slight difference in attitudes will have a big impact once you go out into society.
I hope you won't forget how you felt back at the beach park.
Dagoba Municipal Beach Park
The U.A. sports festival is in two weeks.
It'll be broadcast live on TV, too.
There's no doubt
that those who do well have a much better chance of becoming pro heroes.
We won't know what events we'll be participating in until the day of.
But I'm sure everyone has started getting ready.
Ribbit!
Here I go!
Release!
Sparkle!
Yes!
Yesh!
Damn it! What the-
Thank you!
Time passed in the blink of an eye,
and the morning of the sports festival arrived.
Izuku, be careful not to get hurt.
Okay.
I'll record it, okay? In high resolution.
Okay.
Do your best.
I'm off!
The bag check's taking forever.
They were just attacked by villains.
Of course they'll be more strict.
There are people criticizing their decision to hold it this year.
Controversy equals ratings!
Class 1-A will be the ones to watch this year, huh?
With the passion of their last chance and the tactics from their experience,
the third years have always been the main event in past years...
First-Year Stage Third-Year Stage Second-Year Stage
But this year, the first-year stage is the one to watch!
Hey, did you know that Endeavor's son is a first-year this year?
No way, seriously? Wow!
The first-year stage is gonna be good, huh?
One order of takoyaki, please.
Oh, Mt. Lady!
No green seaweed.
One, right? That'll be 500 yen.
Huh?
Um... I don't have that much on me right now...
That's hot! It's free!
Thanks!
Have you no pride?
Participant Waiting Rooms
I had also hoped to be able to do some scouting.
We have to work security, so we don't have a choice.
It looks like they called pro heroes from all over the country this year.
Waiting Room
Man...
I wanted to wear my costume.
To keep everything fair, we can't.
I wonder what the first round's gonna be...
No matter what comes, we have no choice but to deal with it.
Right.
Everyone, are you ready?
We will be entering soon!
Person, person, person, person, person...
Midoriya.
Todoroki? What is it?
Looking at things objectively, I think I'm stronger than you.
Huh?
Y-Yeah...
But... All Might has his eye on you, doesn't he?
I'm not trying to pry about that.
But I'm going to beat you.
Oh? Is the best in the class making a declaration of war?
Hey, hey, hey! Why are you picking a fight all of a sudden?
Not now, we're about to start!
We're not here to play at being friends.
So what does it matter?
Todoroki, I don't know what you're thinking when you say you'll beat me,
but of course you're better than me.
I think you're more capable than most people...
Looking at it objectively...
Midoriya, you probably shouldn't talk so negatively...
But, everyone-
The students from the other courses are aiming
for the top with everything they've got!
I want to become the greatest hero!
I can't afford to fall behind.
I'll be going for it with everything I have, too.
Yeah.
Hey!
Pay attention, audience!
Swarm, mass media!
This year's high school rodeo of adolescence that you all love,
the U.A. sports festival, is about to begin! Everybody, are you ready?!
It's time for the students to enter the first-year stage!
Izuku...
I want you to tell the world I am here!
Roger that, All Might!
The U.A. sports festival!
The huge battle where fledgling heroes sharpen their swords once a year!
Anyway, these are the guys, right?
The miraculous new stars who overcame enemy attacks with their hearts of steel!
Hero course, Class 1-A, right?!
Th-Th-There are so many people...
Will we be able to give our best performance being watched by so many people?
This is also part of the training required to become a hero.
Man, he's going overboard with that praise!
I'm getting nervous!
Aren't you, Bakugo?
No, I'm just getting more into it.
They haven't been getting as much airtime, but this class is also full of talent!
Hero course, Class 1-B!
Next up, general studies Classes C, D, and E!
Support course, Classes F, G, and H are here, too!
And business course, Classes I, J, and K!
All of U.A.'s first years are here now!
We're just here to make those guys look better, huh?
I'm not really feeling it...
Time for the player pledge!
Oh, this year's chief umpire for the first years is the R-Rated Hero, Midnight?
What about the principal?
The principal is at the third-year stage every year.
What is Ms. Midnight wearing?
That's an R-Rated Hero for you.
Is it okay for her to be at a high school even though she's R-Rated?
Yes!
Quiet, everyone!
Representing the students is Katsuki Bakugo from Class 1-A!
What? It's Kacchan?
That guy did finish first in the entrance exam.
In the hero course.
R-Right.
It's obvious she hates us.
And it's all Bakugo's fault.
I pledge-
That I'll be number one.
I knew he'd do that!
-What the heck! -Stop messing around!
-Don't be so full of yourselves, Class A! -You sludge bastard!
Why are you doing something so disgraceful?!
At least become a nice bouncy step for me to jump off of.
How overconfident can you get?
I'll crush you!
Confidence? No...
The old Kacchan would've laughed while saying that.
He's driving himself into a corner.
Getting the rest of us caught up in it is just like Kacchan, though.
Now, let's get started right away.
-U.A. does everything right away, huh?
-The first game is what you'd call a qualifier!
Every year, many drink their tears here!
Now, here is the fateful first game!
This year, it's...
An obstacle course race.
All 11 classes will participate in this race.
Full Participation
The course will be the outer circumference of this stadium-about four kilometers!
Our school's selling point is freedom!
As long as you stay on the course, it doesn't matter what you do!
Now, take your places everyone!
All Might...
I want you to tell the world I am here!
Thinking about it realistically,
without really being able to regulate One For All...
That's too unreasonable...
That's why I have to go beyond.
Please watch me!
Start!
Okay, here's the play-by-play!
Are you ready to do the commentary, Mummy Man?
You're the one who forced me to come.
Let's get started right away, Mummy Man.
What should we pay attention to in the early stages?
This part right now.
-Hey, hey! -This is too narrow!
-Ouch! -Hey, move!
I see...
This means, from the start, it's already...
The first sifting.
Sorry, but...
-Owww! What the-? -It's freezing over! I can't move!
-So cold! -Outta the way! I can't get it off!
Take that!
Naive, Todoroki!
I won't let you get away so easily!
You half-and-half bastard!
You got me with that once. You won't get me again!
Woah, that was close!
I can't use my special move yet...
They're used to using their Quirks, huh...
More people outside of Class A were able to dodge that than I expected...
I've outwitted you, Todoroki! How pathetic!
Take this! My special attack!
Gra-
Mineta!
Targets found...
Lots!!
The faux villains from the entrance exam?
Obstacles have shown up suddenly!
Starting with...
Robo Inferno!
Aren't those the zero-point villains from the entrance exam?
-Seriously? The hero course had to fight those?
-This is what they meant by obstacles?! -There are too many! I can't get through!
So this is what they used in the general entrance exam?
I wonder where they got the money for it?
If they went through all this trouble, I wish they would've prepared something better.
Since my stupid old man is watching.
He stopped them!
Between their legs! We can get through!
I wouldn't if I were you.
I froze them when they were unbalanced.
They'll fall over.
Todoroki from Class 1-A!
He attacked and defended in one hit!
How elegant!
Amazing! He's the first one through!
It's, you know, practically unfair!
His actions are logical and strategic.
As expected of someone who got in through recommendations!
He'd never fought them before,
but those Robo Infernos couldn't get past his elite moves!
Gotta hurry...!
You can't beat those.
Run...
Run away, Izuku!
I have to get past these robots while also paying attention
to the obstacles around me.
Idiot, why?!
Why can't I move?
Come on, think!
Now what?
Preview
Time for the preview! Listen to me and listen good!
It's the preview! Why are you so mad, Kacchan?
Listen, this sports festival obstacle course race
is gonna end with me at the top, you scum!
That's not a preview. That's more like a personal wish...
Shut up, be quiet, you damn nerd!
If you're even a step ahead of me, I'll crush you, no questions asked!
Even if you don't get ahead of me, I'll still crush you!
It's too scary either way!
Next time, In Their Own Quirky Ways.
In the final stages of the race, I go boom! in a minefield!
Next time: In Their Own Quirky Ways
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
