Recently, on Fairy Tail...
At the end of the fierce battle on Tenroujima, we somehow returned home alive
thanks to being put in suspended animation by the first master.
Except seven years had passed while we were gone!
So what happened to our guild why we were gone?
Well, it seems a lot happened, and there's a lot we still don't know
about this world that's seven years past the one we left.
Three months from now, the major event that decides
The Grand Magic Games!
It's a festival in which people compete in various events using magic.
During the seven years we were gone,
Fairy Tail became the weakest guild in the kingdom of Fiore,
so to get back to number one, we decided to participate in the Grand Magic Games.
But those of us in the Tenrou group have a seven-year blank,
so we may not be able to keep up with the fighting styles of this age.
There are three months until the festival,
so we're going to have a training camp at the beach!
Song of the Stars!
People! We didn't come here to have fun!
That's right!
You tell us that, dressed like that?
Of course, we know that.
The key is variation.
Play hard, eat a lot, sleep a lot!
You're leaving out training, the most important point of all!
By the time this training camp is over...
The sea!
Alright!
Swimming race!
Sand castle building contest!
Eating contest!
Suntan contest!
What do you say we go back to the inn and take a nap?
They enjoyed the hell out of this...
Well, I guess we can cut them some slack on the first day.
A tanned Gray is dreamy, too...
Um...
What's this word?
Meanwhile, the other members of Fairy Tail began their training in different areas.
Natsu really is amazing.
Even though the water pressure undersea is extremely heavy,
he can use Roar of the Fire Dragon.
That was great, Natsu!
Nah, not yet. That ain't enough to do the job.
I gotta be able to increase my power even more!
I can't let myself lose to him...
In my case, I want to do something about my weakness,
my lack of magic power stamina!
For that, you need to build up your spiritual strength
and grow the depth of the container of your magic.
Feel the land... the wind... energy... with your flesh.
Then breathe, as if you're becoming one with nature.
That's the way, Lucy-sama. Continue.
Release a little more magic power.
That's tough...
Layla-sama did the same kind of training to improve her Celestial Spirit Magic.
Hey. Have you ever heard of the One Magic?
The magic at the beginning of all magic, yes?
That's what Hades said he wanted to get.
I heard about it from my mother too, but it didn't sound dangerous
or have anything to do with Zeref or some World of Great Magic.
What are you trying to say?
If the One Magic that my mother talked about is the truth,
Hades never could have gotten it then...
It's something you can't even imagine...
At first glance, it seems easy to obtain, but it's very difficult,
and even while it's a strong power that certainly surpasses everything else,
it's also a very weak power.
My mother told me that all magic starts from love.
That's why I think One Magic is actually love.
That's a wonderful interpretation.
If Hades had thought the same way,
maybe he wouldn't have fallen to the dark side.
Stronger!
Aye, sir!
Much more stronger!
Aye-aye, sir!
I'm gonna shut up anyone who looks down on our guild!
Aye!
I'm gonna show'em all the power of Fairy Tail!
We'll show'em!
Look! The stars are so beautiful!
I wonder if everyone else is training hard, too...
Maybe they're looking up at the stars right now, just like us!
I have to try harder, too!
The second day of the beach training camp, three months before the Grand Magic Games.
Now I feel up to scratch!
As long as we seriously train our bodies...
It's just the second day, but already our magic power has risen a lot!
I'm doing the same pose as Gray-sama... It's so moving!
If we keep training like this for three months,
then catching up to this age won't just be a dream after all.
Right!
Look at this, all you jerks from other guilds!
Look at what three months of fiery training does for Fairy Tail members!
At first, I thought, Just three months?, but if we train efficiently,
it's more like We have three whole months?, you know?
Aye.
Princess! There's an emergency.
Why did you have to appear from there?!
Punishment time, is it?
Virgo!
The Celestial Spirit maid!
Come to think of it, with Lucy in the Fairy Sphere for seven years,
the Celestial Spirits she has a contract with
must have been in the Celestial Spirit World that whole time.
Oh my gosh! During the Key of the Starry Heavens affair,
I summoned them without thinking about it, but that's right,
seven years had passed before that!
Poor spirits! And it's Lucy's fault... Lucy's fault...
No. That's not a big problem...
Did something happen?
The Celestial Spirit World is in danger of being destroyed.
Everyone... please help us.
What?!
What do you mean...?
The king of the Celestial Spirit World awaits you.
He asked me to bring all of you there.
Alright, leave it to us!
When a friend asks for help...
Wait! As far as I know, humans can't enter the Celestial Spirit World.
If you wear Celestial Spirit clothes, you'll be able to move about the Spirit World.
Let's go.
Wait... I'm not mentally prepared yet...
Why were just the two of us...
This is the Celestial Spirit World?!
Wow, it's beautiful!
Thank you for coming, old friend.
He's huge!
Huge moustache!
The Celestial Spirit King!
You're the king here?
So informal...
Indeed, I am.
We heard the Celestial Spirit World is in danger of destruction?!
Heh...
*smile*
Lucy and friends! Let us celebrate your release from the shackles of time!
Party!
What about the in danger of destruction thing?!
Heh.
What?!
Mooo! You fell for it!
Seeing the blank look on Lucy-san's face as we tricked her
and while she's cosplaying Celestial Spiritwear no less is priceless!
We thought we'd surprise you-ebi.
But even now, if you need a haircut to look nice for the party, leave it to me-ebi.
We thought in our own way of how to celebrate the homecoming of Lucy and all of you.
We wanted to celebrate it together,
but we can't all materialize in the human world at once, right?
So we called all of you to the Celestial Spirit World.
I'm sorry!
We just did it this one time, we!
That's right. This is a one-time privilege.
So that's what this is about?!
That's what it's about, as it were-moshimoshi!
You surprised the hell out of us!
Come! You can run into my arms if you like, Lucy!
As if...
Now then! Tonight, we shall drink in great quantities! And sing! And make merry!
This is a party with my old friends!
Yeah!
How have you been?
It was too bad about the exam.
Horologium-san!
Well, well. This is a pleasure.
Thank you for that last time.
Not at all. I need no thanks.
But... um... it was embarrassing having no clothes on...
Um... That was, uh...
I apologize for that, he says.
You're the woman who once shared a body with Lucy, aren't you?
Shared a body?!
Do you have a man?
No... um...
Oh, that's pathetic!
You'll end up like Lucy at this rate.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Wow, this is amazing!
I've never seen any of these books!
In that case, I'll give you one as a souvenir...
He fell asleep!
It's okay! He's just thinking.
Plue!
Come to think of it, this is a Celestial Spirit too, huh?
Wow! There are tons of them!
There are many Nicolas.
Erza-san! Mooo! As always, you've got a nice body!
Is that right?
Would you jump up and down for me a moment?!
Why?
I don't like that Celestial Spirit.
Neither do I.
Delicious! What is this food?!
Crab pescatore, garnished with stardust butter.
And that's veal cutlet in succulent sauce.
I'm sorry!
At any rate, this is a strange place...
I didn't know the Celestial Spirit World became like this either!
Which one of these is my Plue?
Naturally, though you are my old friend, this is my first time inviting you here.
That just goes to show how much he means to you.
Hey! What are you doing?!
Old friend, I can see you
You're right there
Old friend
I swear
the bond between us will never be broken
You start walking
in the infinite wilderness
Hold back tears
and move on towards tomorrow
I'm the star that's meant for you,
so I shine bright
This song is meant for you,
so show me your smile
Thank you.
I love all of you!
Heh.
I had a great time.
I've never eaten anything so delicious!
You ate it?! How could you?!
You're sure I can have this?
I want these clothes!
I can't get away from this weird Plue.
They've got a weird bond going on over there, too.
You have it rough, girl.
You too, Aquarius-san!
Old friend, we shall always be with you.
Yeah!
I look forward to working together again.
You can call on meh or any of us anytime!
I'll drop by the guild again sometime.
Everyone, please continue to take good care of Lucy-san.
Well, old friend, may you have the divine protection of the stars.
The Celestial Spirits sure do love you.
Everyone, you're all wonderful friends!
Alright! We had a blast, but once we get back, we better train hard!
That's right! We got three months to catch up to all those other guilds!
And beat Sabertooth!
Oh, there is one thing I forgot to tell you.
The flow of time is different in the Celestial Spirit World and the human world.
You don't mean...
Like one year here is only a day in the human world or somethin'?!
This would be a training paradise then!
No.
It's the opposite.
One day spent in the Celestial Spirit World equals...
Everyone! We got tired of waiting for you!
The Grand Magic Games are just five days away!
I bet you guys trained your hearts out, huh?
It's over...
Moustache!
Give us back our time!
Oh, crap! All that time we had to train...
It'll be alright! If you can bring out your latent Second Origin ability,
you'll be able to get through it!
Although it seems like it's really painful...
I'll do it! Huh? Have you seen Erza?
Erza is in the middle of battling heartache.
Next time: Just Enough Time to Pass Each Other!
Hey, Natsu, let's go tease Erza!
I-I ain't goin! Don't come cryin' to me if you get your ass kicked!
