Episode 8
The Second Plate
Soma-kun, are you going somewhere?
Oh, sorry!
Did I wake you?
What're you doing so early before dawn?
Quick trip the fish market.
The fish market!
You're going to check out Pacific saury!
The fish market!
Hey, can I tag along?
Sure! Come!
I'll go get ready!
I'll be waiting outside.
First, I have to figure out what to make.
I'm gonna find the key to defeating Kurokiba and Hayama!
Battle of Seasonality
Outta the way!
How much for a kilo?!
Gimme the big one in the back!
Wow!
It's so lively!
This is really exciting!
Oh, the yellowtail amberjack's cheap.
The horse mackerel, too.
Soma-kun!
Don't you think the other fish can wait until next time?
Oh, right.
Soma-kun, have you ever been here before?
Yeah, I came with my dad a lot.
Oh, there it is! Pacific saury!
I gotta say, this time I think the recipe testing process will be pretty smooth.
Yukihira Diner
Pacific saury was always on our fall menu at Yukihira.
Miso Mackerel Set Menu Grilled Fish Set Menu (Salmon, Mackerel, Atka Mackerel) Pacific Saury Set Meal Daily Special Set Menu
So I'm pretty confident when it comes to Pacific saury.
Oh.
Kurokiba-kun, Nakiri-san?
You came to look at Pacific saury, too?
What a coincidence!
What coincidence?
I've been coming here practically every day.
Huh.
Me, I only come sometimes.
The fish market's open too early in the morning!
Oh, no!
Why'd we have to come face to face with his opponent?!
I can't take a back seat to you guys!
I'd better find myself some good Pacific saury, and get ahead!
Pacific saury should have a rounded body with taut flesh,
eyes that are clear and bright,
and mouths with a yellow tip.
It's said that means it's fresh and has good fat.
But it doesn't mean you should just spring for the freshest ones.
Then their umami hasn't fully developed.
Inosinic acid, the umami component in fish, increases over time.
The amount and development rate of inosinic acid
are dependent on the conditions when the fish was caught.
You need a certain amount of experience
to gauge the fish's freshness and umami.
Oh, but it's not just about gauging with the eye.
There's a way to tell by feel, too!
Look!
Oh, wow!
Even though you're holding it by the tail,
it's standing straight up!
It's proof that the flesh is still firm!
The eyes and belly look fresh, too.
Without a doubt, this is the best Pacific saury this shop has to offer today!
You're wrong.
I'll take this one.
What?
That?
It's smaller than Soma-kun's Pacific saury,
and the belly's flatter than his, too.
You don't look convinced.
Do you want to put them to the test?
If we make sashimi with these two fish,
you can tell which one's of higher quality,
and which one of us has the more discerning eye.
Sorry for doing this at your storefront.
Oh, it's fine, since they're Totsuki students.
Try them, Tadokoro Megumi.
Soma-kun's Pacific saury... is less firm.
Kurokiba-kun's Pacific saury has firmer flesh, but why?
That's why there is a time lag between that fish's rigor index
and breaking strength of the fish's flesh.
For Pacific saury, the rigor index, which is the indicator of how firm the flesh is,
gradually decreases after an average of ten hours after the fish was subjected to ikejime.
Rigor Index ()
Time (hours)
But what determines mouthfeel is the muscle's breaking strength.
That rapidly plummets after approximately five hours.
That means, even if the flesh feels firm,
it may already have poor mouthfeel if more than five hours have passed?
Yes, it's a pitfall when picking Pacific saury.
Well, not that it matters to me.
What's with that?!
I went through the trouble of explaining it for you!
I can tell by looking and touching it.
I can tell how it was swimming in the sea,
how good the ikejime technique was,
and whether enough ice was used when transporting the fish.
I can tell everything.
Listen, Yukihira.
When something's in season, the quality of the ingredient and its flavor
dramatically increase to incomparable levels.
The flip side of that is,
if you can't get the best,
you're already putting yourself at a big disadvantage.
The reason I keep going to the fish market
is that my feel for ingredients will dull
if I spend even a short time away.
It's been ten years now.
That's how I've lived my life.
I won't take a back seat to someone
who's judging quality with half-assed knowledge.
Excuse us.
Now that I think about,
another Totsuki student was here earlier.
Oh, I saw him, too!
That tanned-looking hottie, right?
He was walking sort of looking down when he suddenly stopped in his tracks, and...
Excuse me.
I want the middle one in the front box,
and the one second from the left in the back box.
He chose my best fish of the day without even taking a look!
Wow.
I bet hotties have good instincts!
So I guess they're much better than me at judging ingredients.
If I can't get the best,
I'm already at a huge disadvantage, huh...
It's done.
Yeah.
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
Autumn
It's so good!
Guess this is the power of it being in season.
But I bet those two will find even better ones than this on the day of the match.
If you're going to try to reach their level,
you'll have to come here every day to study.
Yeah.
But it'll be tough.
Dad!
Yeah?
Hey, Soma. That sardine is no good.
Huh?
Why?
Each type of fish has a million different pointers for its quality.
Even if you're only talking about one fish,
it'll take more than ten years to be good at judging them.
Crap!
What a laugh.
I have less than ten days to go until the match.
Besides, even if I get better at choosing the fish,
it won't mean anything if I slack on brainstorming what dish to make.
You're right.
I bet those two will make dishes that'll maximize the best ingredients they can find.
What should I do?
Even now, those two are...
I guess I'm in trouble.
Professor Shiomi, can you tell us what kind of assistant Hayama-kun is to you?
Uh...
Um, H-Hayama-kun is v-v-very competent!
He's an excellent a-a-assistant.
Don't get so nervous over a simple interview, Jun.
Um, so, er, well, uh...
You're such a research nerd.
Don't call me Jun!
Hayama-kun, is it true that you can tell which Pacific saury is good
just from the smell alone?
Yes.
The smell of fish comes from aldehydes and other components.
They are produced when polyunsaturated fatty acid oxidizes.
My nose can detect the volatile compounds released as a precursor to that process.
It can also detect the stench of blood,
and how much umami has developed.
Ingredients give off a lot of information.
Not only can I smell how fresh they are,
I can figure out which Pacific saury will be best for my specific dish.
Hey, Mitsuru.
Did you finish interviewing Yukihira?
N-No.
He hasn't come back from the fish market yet.
I don't think he's started testing recipes yet.
So he's behind.
I figured Yukihira wasn't up to the task.
Just like most predicted,
looks like it'll be a face-off between Hayama and Kurokiba.
Kitchen No. 5
Kurokiba-kun, Hayama-kun seems to be preparing himself at a steady pace,
but Yukihira-kun seems to be struggling.
Do you feel it's safe to say that you have one less rival to worry about?
I don't consider them rivals.
I don't care about Yukihira or Hayama.
I'm the one who'll win, anyway.
I'm sorry, can you speak up a little louder?
You're going to use all this in the Pacific saury dish?
How long are you going to stick around?!
Get out!
H-He said we could interview him earlier!
Do Not Enter
They'd better not be thinking
that they've reached my level just because of that curry match!
Yukihira...
There's no heat from you about our battle.
Kurokiba Ryo...
I'll burn you both into cinders.
I'm gonna redeem myself from the humiliating defeat at the semi-finals.
It's hard to imagine how I could lose against you.
Hayama!
I'm the one who'll win!
Sorry, Fumio-san!
Thank you for coming to pick us up.
No worries.
Doing well in the Autumn Elections
improves Polar Star Dormitory's prestige.
But it looks like he's hitting a wall of some sort.
Yes.
Soma-kun's been like this for a while.
It's true that the cards are pretty stacked against you
when you're up against two such discerning opponents.
If the playing field was a little more even,
there are ways to narrow the gap in small ways.
Ways?
For example, when you'll salt the fish.
The taste will change
depending on how long you salt the Pacific saury before cooking it.
I see.
The salt will draw out the water and make the flesh firmer.
It's the same principle as light pickling.
You can also expect the umami to increase.
On the flip side, if you let it rest for too long after salting,
you'll lose out on the freshness.
Time, huh...
When it's freshly caught, there's not enough umami.
But the more time passes, the less fresh it'll become.
It's often said that fish tastes the best when it's overripe...
Wait a minute...
Ibusaki, there you are!
Sakaki!
Are you here?!
Huh?
Nikumi!
Huh?! Yukihira?
Please come with me, Nikumi.
Huh? With you?
Sorry for asking you all to come here.
What's going on, Yukihira-kun?
Not this again.
You have no chance of winning unless you can get the best Pacific saury
on the day of the match, right?
I'm not going to go to the fish market in the morning.
What?
What do you mean, Soma-kun?
I'll go buy my Pacific saury a couple of days before the match.
I won't have much time to experiment,
but if I succeed, at the match itself,
I can have Pacific saury that surpasses what the season has to offer!
So you mean...
And so...
I'm going to age the fish!
Age the fish...
I see!
Ryoko-chan specializes in rice malt,
and Ibusaki-kun in smoking.
They're all experts in aging methods!
Nikumi is an expert, too.
You're up to speed on trendy aged meats, aren't you?
Yeah. You're talking about aged beef?
It involves controlling the temperature and humidity
while air-drying and resting meat.
The flavor of ingredients isn't necessarily dependent on freshness.
If I can succeed in aging the fish to bring out its umami,
I bet I can compete with their ability to judge fish!
So, can you guys please help me?
Yeah!
Of course!
We eat at the same table! We're family!
Yeah! It's worth a shot!
You'll help too, right, Ibusaki-kun?
Well, sure, I guess.
All right!
Let's start testing!
Yeah!
Ah, youth...
9 Days Until the Match
salted rice malt,
smoking,
and a high-humidity refrigerator.
Thanks for lending this to me, Nikumi.
I-It's nothing!
About the aging period, it's best to let it rest at least three days.
I'd say about the same length of time for smoking.
Drying and salting take two days,
and curing will take one whole day.
The fridge will also finish the job in about three, four days.
I see.
With those timelines,
you can test each method twice.
Yeah, but only twice.
Will that be enough to surpass their ability to judge fish?
It'll be intense.
You have to make sure that the rice malt penetrates the fish.
It's important to control the temperature, too.
The type of saumur liquid and fumigant you use
will both slightly affect the curing process.
By letting it rest at 3C and 90 humidity,
you'll lose just the right amount of moisture,
which will concentrate the umami.
Great!
All three of them will be done in three days.
I'm going to take advantage of this wait time
and do everything I can.
It's finally done.
6 Days Until the Match
Yeah! The aged Pacific saury tests are all done!
Well, no point in waiting!
They're great!
All of them have a vastly improved umami.
They're all great!
The salted rice malt one has a mellow and gentle depth of flavor.
Pacific Saury Pickled with Salted Rice Malt
In terms of fragrance, the smoked one is the best!
Smoked Pacific Saury
The one aged in high-humidity conditions
Pacific Saury Aged in High-Humidity Conditions
can be used in a lot of different dishes, too.
Baked in foil, fried and marinated, or broiled. They all sound good.
I bet it'd be great if you just make sushi with this, too!
But...
I still think Kurokiba-kun's Pacific saury back at the fish market
tasted better.
Yeah, I thought so.
But it's been aged perfectly!
This still isn't enough?
Hey, Tadokoro.
Tell Yukihira something for me.
He can call me if he ever needs help.
Okay!
Later.
Good night, Mito-san.
Was it pointless to try using aging methods to surpass their Pacific saury?
Should I use the rest of my time to study how to judge fish?
No... it's too soon to give up on aging.
All the Pacific saury I tested had much stronger umami.
I'm on the right track here.
I only have one more round of testing left.
After that, I have to prepare for the actual match.
What should I test?
Something better than rice malt, curing, or high-humidity aging...
What would let me surpass those two?
Think.
What's better?
I need a catalyst for aging Pacific saury. Something to develop its umami!
Time to go buy Pacific saury.
What's wrong, Yukihira?
Why the long face?
You're not gonna get any decent testing done like that.
Stand up straight, won't you?
What, are you lecturing me while enjoying your nighttime sake?
Well, in times like that,
it's important to stop what you're doing.
I love you, Fumio-san!
Hey!
You're going to spill my sake!
Looks like you have an idea, Yukihira.
Yeah!
It just might work!
Day of the Match: Early Morning
Yukihira Soma isn't here today, either.
What's his game?
He hasn't been here in days.
Did he give up on the match?
He's better than that.
What's he planning?
Autumn Elections Main Tournament Finals
Thank you for waiting, everyone!
It's the Autumn Elections Finals!
The three candidates will enter the arena!
The Prince of Aroma, Candidate Hayama Akira!
The Dictator of the Kitchen, Candidate Kurokiba Ryo!
And the third, from the downtown diner, Candidate Yukihira Soma!
Yukihira!
We've got your back!
You can do it!
I believe in you!
We'll now begin the Autumn Election Finals!
Allow me to introduce to you our honored judges today.
Oh, Isshiki-senpai.
It's hard to recognize him when he's wearing clothes.
Forget that. Did Yukihira finish developing his dish?
Well, none of us actually knows.
I see.
First, serving as the chair is Academy Director Nakiri Senzaemon-dono.
Executive Chef of Totsuki Resort and head of the tourism division,
Dojima Gin-senpai.
head of Nakiri International, Totsuki's research division,
Nakiri Leonora-dono!
She's beautiful!
She's so fair!
I wonder if she's Scandinavian.
Oh, my mom.
What?!
Leonora-dono leads Nakiri International,
an academic institute that conducts research on gourmet food
and molecular gastronomy, using cutting edge technology.
Would you be so kind as to say a few words?
G-Good day, everyone!
I am Nakiri Leonora, yes.
I live in Denmark!
Judging feels hard,
but I'll try my best!
Her Japanese is horrible!
Mother, you should at least tell me when you're coming to Japan!
Hey, Alice.
Only staff can be in here!
Oh, Alice, good to see you.
Erina-chan, you too.
You're super angry, as usual.
It's because of your daughter!
You're Yukihira-kun, who defeated my daughter?
I was big surprised!
That's why I'm looking forward to your dish, okay?
If it's not good, I might get mad-angry!
First, let us see each candidate's Pacific saury
What exquisite shine and firmness.
They have nice fat, too.
They are like drawn blades!
Like famed swords, suitable for the finals!
Shit!
How can he win against fish like that?!
Soma-kun...
What?!
What is that?
It doesn't look...
The Second Plate
Next Episode: A Sword that Signals Autumn
Next time, A Sword that Signals Autumn.
