Wow, their level's really going up...
That's just what I'd expect to see from the Black Sword Knights,
Akihabara's most macho guys.
Well, this is what happens when I get serious.
You really are amazing, Isaac.
You keep making the knights stronger.
Both you and Reserick are irreplaceable to Maihama now.
Now that you've complimented us, we can work even harder, Lord Iselus.
Right, Isaac?
You're working hard, aren't you, Isaac?
I told you to stop that crap!
About that lunar communication device you asked me for yesterday...
It's going to cost that much?
Given its scale, yes.
Even three years of Akihabara's total budget wouldn't be enough.
Three years...
I hate to say it,
but even if we complete it, getting it to work will be another issue.
All right.
Still, going back to our original world, huh?
It's difficult, isn't it?
What did you tell everyone at the Round Table?
That if we could make contact with the moon,
we might find a hint to getting home.
Of course, I told them that I'm not sure going home is possible.
I doubt they'll approve funds now...
Wh-What?
When you're worried, you get old man wrinkles right here.
No wrinkles.
Right...
Isaac and Iselus
Isaac and Iselus.
Um, so what Shiroe said earlier was true, right?
A lot is still uncertain,
so he said he didn't want us telling anyone else.
B-But honestly, I don't know to react
to suddenly hearing that I might be able to go home.
I want to see my mom and dad,
but I want to stay with Nyanta and everyone else.
I don't want to leave you guys...
Serara...
That's right.
We all got to be such good friends.
What do you think, Minori?
I'm going home.
That's the natural thing, isn't it?
I didn't make any effort to come here.
What? Effort?
We were just caught up in this, right?
Even so...
I like this place, and I want to stay.
But next time, I want to work hard myself,
and make my own place to belong.
Tohya...
I respect that way of thinking.
Rudy...
If you have a home, returning to it is natural.
I've been expecting to say goodbye at some point.
I can respect Tohya's desire to choose on his own,
rather than it being a chance event brought on by outside forces.
Rudy...
But...
Miss Isuzu, if you go home,
you can play music with your father, right?
Yeah, but it isn't that simple for me.
What's the best choice, I wonder.
Doesn't this town seem to be turning into Akihabara lately?
Deadlines Are Life But I Refuse I Can't Go On
Moe
I guess it means adventurers are influencing People of the Land in several ways.
Cosplay House
Yep, yep.
Is that what it is?
It is!
The People of the Land are absorbing the adventurers' culture
and developing their own.
My grandfather said that's important.
How long are you going to keep following us?
I want to know a lot about adventurers, like my sister.
Please teach me all sorts of things!
Well, it's our job to protect him, Isaac.
Do whatever you want.
He really likes you.
This isn't my style.
What's the problem?
This brings Akihabara and Maihama even closer.
But the situation's changed a bit, I'm told.
What do you mean?
You know...
That lunar communication attempt
they were talking about at the Round Table.
The one that might give us a hint about how to go home?
I'm sure that would change Yamato's power balance.
I don't care.
All that complicated crap irritates me.
What? You don't want to go home?
I try to think about that stuff after it actually happens.
I understand.
Jeez.
That sword's just expensive, not useful.
Reserick, you should have stopped him.
You're better at judging swords than I am, aren't you?
Listen...
Here, buy this one.
At my equipment level, I can't master an expensive sword like this.
I'm not worthy of it.
Let's go.
I was nice enough to recommend it to him, too.
He knows his own capabilities.
I'd thought he was just a child, but maybe I was wrong.
Is that what it is?
Is something wrong?
No.
It's nothing.
How is the training going, Sir Isaac?
Pretty well.
The knights' levels are rising pretty fast.
I'm glad to hear it.
These days, we never know what will happen.
Did you call me here to make small talk, old man?
It's about Iselus.
We will soon be holding a large festival to celebrate his birthday.
There, I will announce him as the Cowen family heir.
Heir? Him?
But I thought you had a son.
Feinel married into the family.
I have complete faith in him, but the people wouldn't accept that.
They want the heir to have Cowen blood.
My daughter Salaria and Feinel have three children.
The eldest daughter Liseltia,
second-oldest daughter Lenessia, and Iselus, the youngest child.
Liseltia renounced her right to the throne by getting married.
Which leaves Lenessia and Iselus.
That's right.
You have the princess.
I had never truly seen anything.
When I saw Lenessia lose her temper with the lords, I realized my own foolishness.
I think she is best suited for another job.
Another job, huh?
Besides, ruling a country is a man's job.
Iselus knows that, I believe.
Figuring out the heir is a pain on every world, isn't it?
From now on, no one can be a ruler unless he understands adventurers,
and they understand him.
Sir Isaac...
As you can tell, he is still a child.
While you are in Maihama,
will you teach him what we cannot?
That's easy for him to say...
If there are any other problems, let me know.
I'll tell my grandfather without making a big deal of it.
Thank you.
I thought, if we expanded this canal, we might be able
to bring stuff in from the port more efficiently...
This year's strawberries are delicious, aren't they?
I'm not done yet.
I thought he was just some rich kid.
He's really going to be a ruler, though.
Oh, Lord Iselus?
This is a crucial time, after all.
Things are getting complicated with Westelande, as well.
Does that
have anything to do with the fact that Minami's planning something?
That's unusually sharp...
For you, Isaac.
I'm kidding.
Well, Minami is working with Westelande.
If they really try to take control of Eastal,
war will be unavoidable.
What do you mean?
In the distant past, it seems
the Westelande Dynasty ruled all of Yamato.
But there was a war that engulfed Yamato.
After the war,
the dynasty was ultimately destroyed.
And the land split into its current state,
Holy Empire Westelande
the Holy Empire Westelande and the League of Freedom Cities, Eastal.
Holy Empire League of Freedom Cities, Westelande Eastal
Ever since then,
Westelande's been saying they're the true heirs to the dynasty.
Trying to profit on the name of a destroyed country?
Talk about annoying.
Those annoying things will occur whenever many people gather.
Well, with us adventurers involved,
I'd bet the situation now is even more complicated.
You know a lot of stuff.
A merchant survives on information.
And so...
This is a present for you.
What is it?
It's true.
Both the adventurers and People of the Land are a pain.
I've always ignored that annoying stuff.
They're a pain, but...
Well, they aren't that bad.
Hey.
Use this one.
You're small, and this one is lighter.
Once you master it, you'll be a better swordsman.
This sword is so expensive, though.
It's your birthday, right?
You can have it.
You really don't understand the value of money, Isaac.
If you don't need it, give it back.
That was a joke!
I'm really happy.
Thank you!
Hey, hey...
Aren't we going to the princess's place today?
She has her brother's birthday party,
so she says she's returning to Maihama.
Rieze is with her.
I was going to talk to her about forming a new idol unit, too.
A new unit?
Yes!
A galactic idol unit!
And its name is... Tetnessia!
Tetnessia
If we do it together, it'll be a surefire hit since we're both so popular already!
I want to do something memorable before I go home.
And if we do a first and final concert simultaneously,
it'll be twice as good.
And if we show our bare legs on stage, it'll be a big hit for sure!
If we end up going home, we'll have to tell Sia.
Yeah.
It will be hard to tell her.
Rieze?
Sorry to make you do this when you're tired.
It must be hard, with all the work you have, right?
What are you talking about? I'm fine.
But normally, this would be a man's job.
Honestly... When is that monster in glasses coming back?
From an adventurer's perspective,
this nobles' party must seem to make no sense whatsoever.
I wouldn't say that.
We have banquets and stuff.
And some people have big birthday parties.
I see...
Iselus is a smart boy, and he listens.
He understands many things.
But he is still only nine.
Part of me thinks it's too early to make him bear such a heavy burden.
What are you talking about?
Until now, you've carried that heavy burden yourself, haven't you?
Until your hair turned white.
And Iselus may be a kid, but he's a man.
A man's job is to take responsibility.
The weight of your responsibility is equal to the power you possess.
And it means you'll have more people to help you.
I hope so.
He'll be fine.
Given the way he talks to me, he'll be fine.
Princess Lenessia...
She's as beautiful as ever.
I'm sorry I'm so late, everyone.
I'm sorry I'm late, Grandfather.
Sorry I'm late, Iselus.
Have you been well?
Yes.
I have more adventurer friends, like you do!
Iselus, if you think it's that easy to become friends with the adventurers,
you're very wrong.
Some of them are monsters and villains.
You need to be especially careful around those with glasses.
Don't worry about that, Sister.
He doesn't have glasses.
I'm glad.
The announcement will be made soon.
Watch me, Sister.
Yes, of course.
Lord Iselus, this is fruit juice from my land.
Try it.
Isaac?
Hey, aren't you supposed to be a little more subtle about assassinations?
Wh-What are you talking about?
Is there a problem?
The Roderic lab's special ambush-warning earring is as good as they said.
I didn't think it would be useful so soon, though.
What's this?
Don't breathe it in, Iselus.
Don't get in our way, adventurer!
Smoke Bomb Effect/Smoke Bomb Bad Statuses: Movement speed drop Attack speed drop Damage over time
We're doing this for Yamato's peace!
Reserick, you handle these guys!
Isaac?
Don't worry.
My legs are just a little numb.
Assassin/Stealth
They're pretty strong for People of the Land.
So those are the
Get your hands off the kid, damn it!
Sword of Pain Black!
A bind?
No...
You can't take your eyes off me now.
I won't let you lay a finger on Iselus!
I'll take you all on!
Don't talk about peace when you're trying to kill a kid!
Morons!
Way to go, Isaac.
That was pretty cool.
Your debuffs are still in effect. I'll heal you.
I'm fine.
I was careful not to inhale a lot of it.
More importantly, their levels aren't normal at all.
Maybe they're the People of the Land that Minami is leveling...
You saved me.
Once in a while, your information comes in handy.
And the earring I gave you also came in handy, right?
How did you hear about assassins from Westelande?
A merchant survives on information.
I thought you were more of a coward.
I thought you were more of a musclehead.
Iselus,
it's okay now.
Yeah.
Don't worry.
I'm going to stay in this world for a while.
Thanks, Isaac.
I see.
Let me know if anything happens.
Keep at it, Karashin.
I knew it.
Our presence is throwing off the balance of the People of the Land's society.
Maybe we have to go home.
It's been a long time, Shiroe.
Why are you half-hiding?
My investigations in Susukino have finally reached an end.
Though it came later than expected...
I'm sorry for the delay.
Is everyone doing well?
Yes...
They said to tell you hello.
What did you find out about the transport gates?
As I investigated various matters,
I found that the fairy rings are related to the moon's phases.
There's also a legend that there are Alvish ruins on the moon.
It's possible that the administrator's beacon is deciding the destination coordinates.
Just like I thought, the moon's got...
We need to make contact with it.
Contact?
Yes.
We're looking for a way to return the adventurers to their old world.
To do that, we must communicate with the moon.
But we don't seem to be able to create the communication equipment.
It's difficult.
There's a facility in Shibuya for that, though.
I'm aware.
The remains of the Shibuya TV station,
the one communications facility in Yamato.
I investigated it before, but it's nonfunctional, right?
But while I investigated the gates, there was a slight signal from it.
Do you suppose it may still be functioning?
A signal?
Hey, villain!
What's going on?
Everyone's collapsing!
What's this about?
What do you mean?
Explain
Shiroe! Trouble!
The city of Akihabara...
The people fall asleep and will not wake.
At night, a black shadow covers the moon.
The town of Shibuya has become a raid zone, filled with monsters.
Is someone preventing them from returning to the real world?
Shiroe begins the battle.
But there is an uncertainty within him.
Next time: Sleep of the Eternal Moth.
Sleep of the Eternal Moth
I have friends to run with me.
