4 Years Ago
Ah, thanks for always...
Clincity
Super delicious! The next generation
water dispenser
The ultimate natural spring water to keep you healthy
Call time
The secret to successful
walk-in sales is a smile!!
Thank you for your continued business!
Is that so? We'll make arrangements right away!
Oh, no. No, no, no, no!
It's all thanks to you!
Yes.
Clincity Inc.
Clincity Inc.
I'll take it.
Thank you so much!
Saturdays only Just 2 hours in the morning!!
Working with a fun staff daily to make every day exciting! Make quick and easy money
A location in front of the station is opening this month!! Won't you try being a security guard?
I wonder what I should do now.
I got 20,000 just for getting hired! My hourly wage went up a lot, too.
A hole-in-the-wall-place for adults A place with a homey atmosphere with plenty of other fellow part-timers! Make plenty of friends!
I ended up renting this place without having anything lined up.
Power Stone
You can become a millionaire, too!!
Your life will change just by wearing it It brings you good luck!
Mob Psycho
Poor, Lonely, Whitey
Telepathy Club
Body Improvement Club
Thirty-one...
Thirty-two...
Thirty-three...
Thirty-four...
Thirty-five...
You did it! That's a new record!
You've gotten stronger, Kageyama!
Your muscles are evolving!
Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
All your efforts are finally paying off!
Body improvement!!
1: Squats 30x5 2: Planks 1 minx5 3: Side Planks 10 4: Leg Up Lifts 10x3 5: Leg Raise 10x5
I thought his workouts were a waste of time,
but the way he's improving step by step will make him more confident as well.
He even looks bolder.
Potato Demons
Mob-kun's having fun, being tossed in the air.
Oh, I know!
Why don't you toss him, too?
It's his birthday today.
Huh? No, that's okay.
Is it your birthday, Kijibayashi?
Y-Yeah...
Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
What a joyous day! Let us celebrate!
Oh, hey, President. It was my birthday last week, too.
What? It was?!
Then why don't we throw a birthday party?
How about we all go to a family restaurant?
What a nice idea, Saruta!
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
What's this?
It's extremely rare rock salt obtained from the Uyuni Salt Flats,
and it's excellent for exorcisms!
Excuse me for a moment.
Hello, this is the Spirits and Such Consultation Office.
What? Frozen tofu spirits?
Of course, I've heard of them!
Leave it to me.
I'm getting one job after another lately...
Guspo Restaurant
Happy birthday, happy birthday, Kijibayashi and Kumakawa!
Happy birthday, happy birthday, happy birthday to you!
We got the drink bar, so let's drink until we've had our fill!
I never thought you'd stick with the Body Improvement Club for so long, Mob-kun.
I thought he'd run away immediately.
Kageyama's pretty persistent.
Do you have some huge goal you want to accomplish?
If you keep at it for another six months,
I think you'll reach the level of an average second-year middle schooler.
Nah.
I'm sure Kageyama has his sights set on a much loftier goal.
If we let our guards down, he might surpass us before we know it!
All he wants is for the girl he likes to look his way, really.
That was it at first, but now...
By the way, Mob-kun, I hope you haven't forgotten.
You're supposed to help me find other telepaths.
Oh. You're still looking for them?
Of course I am! What do you think the point of the Telepathy Club is?!
More importantly, why don't we all go to karaoke?
More importantly?!
Huh? Karaoke?
What? You've never gone before?
Let's go, then. A chance like this won't come along very often.
Well, if you insist...
What should I sing?
Feeling shy, Mob?
You'll be fine once you start singing.
No, I was just thinking it's been a while since I've done something like this.
Just hanging out with people.
I-It's so much fun...
Incoming call
Master Reigen
Menu
Hello?
Oh hey, Mob.
There's an evil spirit giving me some trouble.
I mean, I could totally deal with it myself, but there's been so much work lately.
I'd rather not use too much of my power...
Mob?
Master, could you handle things on your own today?
Huh?
I-I've asked you many times before not to summon me on such short notice.
What are you talking about? I bet you're free, anyway.
Is there a reason you can't show up?
There's a client who really needs your help here.
I'll be waiting for you, so try not to take too long.
What's the matter, Kageyama?
Must be that shady-ass master of yours again.
A sudden job came in, so I won't be able to go to karaoke.
I'm really sorry for missing out on your birthdays.
Oh, don't worry about us.
Yeah, you've done plenty.
Some things take priority over others.
It's okay. We understand.
The ghost of a man who hit his head on a block of frozen tofu and died?
That rumor was true?
How about I make you think of me every time you see a block of tofu?!
Please, hurry up and exorcise him!
Have no fear.
I have my disciple heading over immediately.
You're a lifesaver, Mob.
What's wrong?
Even I have school and a private life.
So please, stop summoning me out of the blue.
A private life? Just working out in that club of yours, right?
Or did you fall for another person jokingly asking you out?
You get taken advantage of so easily.
Grow up, for crying out loud.
I don't know what you were doing with your schoolmates,
but do they really understand you?
Come on, we're saving lives here!
You're making a difference in the world by helping me out!
Not to mention, I'm your master!
I'm one of the biggest reasons you're able to control your powers!
Listen up...
Choose your social circle wisely, Mob!
If they're going to get in the way of your exorcism job, get rid of them!
They don't actually care about you.
They're just having fun mocking someone as wimpy as you.
That's not true!
I-I might've said too much there...
They aren't mocking me.
R-Right...
I'm starting to understand that not everything you say is true, Master.
Dug his own grave
Shit. I messed up...
C-Come on now, Mob! You must be tired!
Let's get some ramen on the way back.
I'm not being mocked, nor am I easily taken advantage of.
Reception
The New Star of the 21st Century Reigen Arataka's Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Damn it, Mob...
I'd promised this client in advance...
He finally decided not to show up.
I guess I really did say too much yesterday.
But then again...
He shouldn't have anyone he can talk to about his problems other than me.
If he cuts ties with me, he's going to end up alone again.
There's nothing to worry about. He'll be back here. I know it.
Huh? Nii-san?
You're home early today.
I've decided not to go to Master's place for a while.
That's fine and all, but what brought this on?
They had a fight. He cut ties with him.
That's not it. But I gave it a lot of thought and made my decision.
I've been blindly following what Master Reigen says way too often.
I felt like things went better that way, so it was easier for me.
But...
Grow up, for crying out loud.
I realized that I can't just keep relying on him,
so I thought I'd reconsider what I want to do a bit more.
Wanna play some video games for once?
Too bad, Reigen.
It's your own fault for messing up.
I feel like I've sweat off whatever was lurking over me.
Coral steam yoga is the best.
Glad to hear it.
Thank goodness it wasn't a real spirit.
4 Years Ago
Why am I so surprised, though?
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Spirits Consultation Office
I basically built this business from the ground up all by myself.
Option A Trial Course A Mere 2,000 yen (Tax Excluded) Outside of Offer Period: 3,980 yen.
Option B Serious Course A Mere 5,000 yen (Tax Excluded) Outside of Offer Period: 8,980 yen
Recommended Option C All-Out Course A Mere 12,000 yen (Tax Excluded) Outside of Offer Period: 19,880 yen
Refer us to a friend now and get an extra 5 reduction!! Also get an add-on exorcism for 20 off!!
Why would I be in any trouble if Mob decides to not show up?
I just need to continue focusing on the jobs I can do by myself.
I can let the real psychics deal with actual spirits.
Yeah! Now I can reduce labor costs,
and I won't have to hear about his teenage dilemmas.
I only have so much time in a day.
I should use it to study and learn more about the world.
Hey, I'm becoming rather optimistic about this.
Sorry, Mob. You probably weren't expecting this,
but I'm not sad about this at all.
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
I'm sure you're probably feeling pretty lonely right about now.
Mob Psycho
Salt
I'm sure Mob's really regretting this by now.
Maybe he feels awkward about talking to me.
I'm mature enough to understand, so it's not like I'd even care.
Super popular!!
Impossible! Mob looks like he's actually having fun!
He actually had friends?!
What the hell are you hiding for, dumbass?
Yosokaze!
Dimple!
I-I'm not hiding at all!
You don't need to worry about Mob anymore.
He's having fun.
Well, too bad I'm not actually worried at all!
Good to hear.
Shigeo doesn't seem to be concerned about you at all.
It's rather peaceful.
What?!
Are you okay with this, Dimple?
What do you mean?
The more he stays away from me, the less he'll use his powers.
Do you want to be an ordinary middle schooler's pet forever?
Guess that would be pretty peaceful.
Pork roast
Paella comes with a salad
I think you wanted to use Mob's powers to do something, but sucks to be you.
Now that Mob's decided to lead such a mundane life,
he's of no use to anybody!
I hope you have fun following around a normal middle schooler.
I, on the other hand, will be moving on to the next stage!
Well, I'm glad to see you're doing all right.
If you can crack jokes like that, I guess there's no need to worry.
Who knows? We may never see each other again.
Guess I'll update the homepage.
Karaoke
Huh? Aren't we going home?
Weren't we giving up looking for telepaths today?
You couldn't go the other day because of work, right?
We're here anyway, so let's go.
Karaoke
You'll be able to sense a telepath if they're nearby, right?
Then you can do it while you're singing, too.
But wait! I'm not mentally prepared!
Oh, come on. Get in there.
Newbie Idol's Blog Gets Flamed
A newbie idol's blog got flamed, huh?
I guess I haven't checked Friendbook in a while.
In this day and age, you can connect with the people you know at any time.
Talk about convenient.
Hey, I have a message!
Sorry for not reading it sooner. I've just been so busy.
Search
Story
Archive Settings
Who could it be? Maybe it's the one I met at the mixer...
NotificationhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhMark all as read Settings
Congratulations! It's your birthday today.
People you might know
Upload a photo or video, or post something
Oh, right...
I totally forgot.
Congratulations! It's your birthday today.
NotificationhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhMark all as read Settings
Congratulations! It's your birthday today.
See messages from your friends wishing you a happy birthday (0 messages)
Seriously?
Huh? A message?
To Arataka From Mom
Save me! Kokkuri-san won't leave my house!
Main
Social
To Arataka From Mom
Save me! Kokkuri-san won't leave my house! Save me, please! Please come to...
Exorcism request Hello? Are you a psychic? My body feels so heavy lately...
Perv Master We got a fresh batch of pervy videos for you! Now you can be a perv master...
You're a fake I'll curse you... CurseCurseCurseCurseCurseCurseCurseCurse
Spirit photo I ended up taking one. Could you do something about it?
To Reigen Arataka Happy birthday. How are you doing? How's work? Are you still in that shady business? Remember our neighbors, the Kobayashis? I heard their oldest son got married just last month. You should hurry up and find a secure job. You still have a chance. You're still only 28. If you want another chance at life, you should probably make a decision fast...
Make sure you take care of yourself. Here's my gift to you. Open file attachment
Looking for staff
Whitey Recruitment Invitation
No experience? No problem!
A cheerful and fun workplace
Have you ever heard of a company called Whitey that works hard to make the world a better place to live?
Contact us 24 hours a day!
Apply by Email or Fax!
Please make sure you include this information when you apply.
Melt, melt, melt your brain with electronic waves
Still training to get a real feel of it
Are you having fun?
So all together now
I think so?
Melancholy!
You have no rhythm, do you, Mob-kun?
Yeah! Wahoo!
Correct.
Reunion
Happy Trails
Ooh, Arataka-chan!
Hey, it's Reigen-san! Reigen-sensei is here!
Sensei! Come sit over here, Sensei!
One lemon sour...
Extra on the sour.
Should you be drinking?
Yeah.
The regulars here are a bunch of people who'd fall for pyramid schemes or fake cults.
People like that who want someone to vent their troubles to
relieve their stress at this bar.
Happy Trails
It's basically a gold mine for someone like me.
It's a place where a bunch of weak people gather.
Hear me out, Reigen-san!
The other day, this really pretty girl talked to me.
When I followed her, she led me to some art exhibit...
You were taken to an exhibit where a copy of a famous painting was on display.
It's a dating scheme.
I'll hear them out and give them some random words of advice.
Apparently, that's enough for them to respect me.
Maybe they're... almost like friends to me.
It's... my birthday today.
Well, happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Sensei.
Happy birthday.
Thanks.
This is the perfect time to bring this up since it's your birthday!
I have this amazing pillow I got from this extra special connection.
It's memory foam, so you'll sleep like a baby! It's worth 120,000 yen, but...
Arataka-chan, this is your first drink, isn't it?
Your face is all red. Are you all right?
Nope.
Wh-What's wrong?
Tab, please.
Well, that backfired.
I was thinking that I wanted to talk to someone... anyone.
I guess I don't have any friends.
But I didn't even put any alcohol in it...
This situation's not good...
I'm going in a very bad direction.
Me, of all people!
Wait... Me?
I mean what...
What...
What am I?
I guess I'm just going to have to...
become somebody.
After ending up alone and getting over it, Reigen made a huge change.
I, Reigen Arataka, shall accept this job!
New Reigen Arataka
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
He started beautifying the city,
live-streamed exorcisms online,
Don't tell people personal information they don't need to know No payments upfront Don't sign any contracts Vases Holy water Salt Cooling off...
held free seminars and even offered people life counseling,
broadening his field of work.
Noritama -san's Review
Post a review
Spirits and Such Consultation Office is wonderful. The man in charge, Reigen Arataka-san, is a true psychic. Because of him, my body feels much lighter, and I can feel my luck improving. User ID: 2875934091
Flat Tire -san's Review
Post a review
Reigen Arataka-san is one of the few real psychics. He listened to me, gave me advice, and I finally met my match. Thank you so much. User ID: 3829573019
However, he continued to execute his usual exorcism jobs with vigor.
Stray Cat of the Dawn's Review
Post a review
I'm so thankful that I just can't stop crying. No one was willing to help me out, but Reigen... I might just be falling in love... User ID: 867840127
All of our satisfied customers
Among his most recent jobs, there was a rumor that the Player Killer
Fantasy Hell
from the super-popular online game, Fantasy Hell, was actually a ghost.
It was a difficult job that many other psychics declined to take.
We asked Shinra Banshomaru what he thought
I've heard of it, but don't even bother.
It's not something we can handle.
Our spiritual power can't do anything inside a game.
Right?
Meaning it was a target that even Mob wouldn't be able to exorcise.
However, Reigen used multiple accounts and stayed up late many nights,
repeatedly leveling up and strengthening his weapons...
He then baited the ghost player and surrounded it,
then beat the crap out of him.
And then, finally, he succeeded in the exorcism.
Y-You're amazing! You actually exorcised him!
But how?
Well, I am a psychic...
Shit. I made too many in-game purchases, and now I'm in the red...
Because of this successful job,
the agency's popularity continued to rise.
Popularity
I Love Online Games @netgman Reigen Arataka is the real deal! He exorcised the online ghost! FantasyHell SpiritsandSuchConsultationOffice
Popularity
Headlines Japanese International Economy Entertainment Sports IT Science Life Local
The Online Ghost Has Finally Been Exorcised! A True Psychic Actually Exists
Do you all believe in ghosts? Even better. Do you believe in psychics who fight these ghosts? Currently, there is a certain psychic that's sending the Internet into a stir. According to the posts, this psychic, Reigen Arataka, was not only able to actually exorcise a ghost, but one that existed in an online game. Usually, I would dismiss someone like this as just an attention seeker, and write some comments putting him in his place. But this time, unlike others...
Someone eventually started
Popularity
calling Reigen the Bro of Seasoning City,
Reigen Arataka Fansite A Blog About the Bro of Seasoning City This site is about the Spirits and Such Consultation Office...
Popularity
Reigen Arataka... There's no doubt about it... The man might seriously be a god. 59 reactions
and his popularity skyrocketed so much,
Popularity
he even got interviewed for a magazine.
Popularity
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
And a few days after that...
Gozz TV Director Binwan Taro
T-TV?!
You mean I'm that popular?
One of our producers happened to hear about you and wanted you on our show.
Gozz TV Program Proposal
Supernatural Detective! Do Spiritual Powers Actually Exist? Special
A national broadcast?
If you manage to get popular on TV,
you'll immediately shoot to the top of the psychic world.
One week later
Supernatural Detective...
Do Spiritual Powers Actually Exist? Special!
Supernatural Detective Special!!
We are live tonight!
I, Ebihara Morizo, am your host,
Host
Ebihara Morizo
Mogi Tatsuya
joined by our guests, sci-fi researcher Mogi Tatsuya-san and idol SATAKE-san.
Thanks for having me.
Hello!
Jodo Kirin
Reigen Arataka
We also have some psychics with us here today.
It's a pleasure to have you on the program.
The pleasure's all mine.
Holy crap... I'm actually on TV.
Everything's going so smoothly.
Today, we've invited someone who claims to be possessed by an evil spirit.
Do Spiritual Powers Actually Exist!? Special!!
We will have our experts exorcise them live on our program!
Come on, now...
If I actually pull this off like a rock star on national TV,
maybe I'll get even more fans...
All right. I'm nervous, but I'm going to show them what I've got!
That ego of yours is going to deflate soon enough, you fool!
I'm the one who mentioned you to one of the TV station's producers!
My disciples told me about what happened that day!
Anti-Possession Jumping Knee Strike
They told me how you had the nerve to nail me with a jumping knee strike!
I'm going to make you pay dearly!
I'll make damn sure you regret what you've done!
The new star of the 21st century, Reigen Arataka!
He makes his TV debut!
And on national TV!
I've finally come this far. Just you watch, Mob!
Cornered True Identity.
The blu-rays? An even better decision.
Cornered True Identity
