This is the first meeting of the Council of 101 in ten years.
Members of the Council. Why have you brought us here?
You know very well why.
This is about your country's invasion of JIOR.
I believed that the Council's rule was to not get involved in inter-human conflicts.
That weapon... Valvrave, it was called?
Our own investigation has confirmed a level 3 event.
You disobeyed the Magius?
We know everything.
You violated what is the exclusive domain of the Magius and kept it from us.
We... were careless and did not realize
that it was related to the Magius.
We simply intended for it to be a military threat.
Captain Cain Dressel.
He was your right-hand man in the recent revolution
and has commanded an enforcement unit.
I don't believe it...
He is a Magius. For ten years now.
And now... you will be one, too.
Cast off the old flesh and take on the new.
Cast off the old flesh and take on the new...
What's going on?
Now you've made me angry.
What?
Unit 6? Who's piloting it?
Don't worry, Shoko-chan. I'll wrap this up in no time.
Another new model?
It won't help them!
Hey!
Well, I'll be! You've got something that lets you cheat!
The Captain stole it, I see.
A-drei! We're getting out of here!
What about the Ideal's escape pod?
We can't use it! The engine was destroyed!
JIORans!
Haruto!
Pino! Pino!
Big Brother! Big Brother!
Just as I thought. This is the original pair?
It's no use! The controls aren't responding!
What's this engine?
Big Brother?
Big Brother!
The power is too high? Plu!
It won't do to become shipwrecked on our maiden voyage.
Kriemhild! Do you read me?
Prepare for fighting retreat! Prepare for fighting retreat!
We will fall back while providing cover for the Captain!
This stupid gear is too heavy!
Withdraw, Q-vier! I know you can hear me!
Let me keep fighting right up until the last minute!
Withdraw!
What just happened? What the hell are the Valvraves?
All this means is that we didn't lose.
True Calendar year 71.
It's been two months since Module 77 withstood Dorssia's attacks
and arrived at the neutral territory of the Moon.
They appealed to the international community, denouncing the Dorssian occupation of JIOR as unjust
and proclaiming themselves to be the legitimate representatives of JIOR.
The world celebrated them as tragic heroes.
Haruto Tokishima became the symbol of the struggle against Dorssian oppression.
Saki Rukino's songs became bestsellers that were sung
around the world as anthems directed towards students.
They collected historic amounts of material aid and funding,
and had finally found peace for the time being.
However...
Given the position ARUS is in, we cannot allow it.
Why not? We're only sending out the call for
all JIORans who were stranded to come to this Module.
There is a risk that Dorssian spies would be mingled among them.
For that reason, we will continue to oversee customs control.
At the very least, let us bring in doctors and government officials!
We will provide all necessary personnel.
Please don't worry.
Up next is the management of overseas assets.
I assume that none of you have gotten around to it?
Well, we...
Are any of you qualified to perform an audit? Even real-world work experience would be fine.
That isn't...
In that case, let's move on to the next order of business.
If you would turn to page 314...
Regarding the hygiene management of imported goods, we will act on your behalf in this matter, as well.
Is that amenable to you?
The interval between attacks is getting shorter.
Is it proportional to the amount of time spent at a Valvrave's controls, as I thought?
The conclusion this leads me to is that Runes actually exist.
Working under that assumption, it would explain all the phenomena.
What about Unit 1's avatar?
Her lips are sealed. She really spoke?
What are you doing?!
Haruto? Are you okay?
Haruto! Haruto!
You liars! You said you'd just run some tests, but he's locked up like a lab rat!
Stop... it...
I asked... them to...
It was Haruto Tokishima who proposed conducting these human experiments.
It's vital that we learn more about the Valvraves and Kamitsuki.
Even so, that doesn't mean you have to lock him in here!
It was also Haruto Tokishima who asked us to lock him up so that he wouldn't attack anyone.
I can't let anything like that happen again... So I...
Haruto...
As time passes, their popularity will wane and the masses will lose interest.
No matter how powerful their weapons, cut their supply lines, and they'll have to surrender.
Is that what Captain Cain said?
You've been in a worse mood than usual lately.
Did something happen between you two when we stole the Valvrave?
Look, X...
At this point, you and I are the only two left of our classmates.
I suppose we are.
Therefore...
We owe everything we are to Captain Cain.
Just because we're going to Earth doesn't mean we'll be fighting.
Like L-elf said, this is a force reconnaissance.
Still...
President, if you see our families, please tell them we're doing fine.
Takahi, you look wonderful!
These are the uniforms that you all made for us. We'll wear them with pride.
It wasn't right for you to wear regular school uniforms.
Make sure you come back no matter what, okay?
Madam Prime Minister. It's time for the sendoff.
People are friendly, but countries are something else entirely.
It's not that simple.
That's part of the reason for this Earthfall operation.
Conducting a force recon mission inside JIOR demonstrates
that this country has the will to employ military force.
Pressure is needed during negotiations. The operation will...
Your dinner?
Simple, the way you like it, right?
Take supplements with it. They taste good, I'll give you that, but they're just...
You're worried about me?
It's a key government figure's duty to maintain her health.
After we've gone down to Earth, it will be necessary to hold Module 77 together.
You can count on me.
I'll make sure that you all have a place to come home to.
That's my battle.
Oh, I get it. You sold the naming rights?
What the hell is that?
If I name this thing Beast High, I get money from the company.
Man, you really do love money, don't you?
What are you talking about?
The beast within you will awaken!
Beast High. You know, like in the commercials.
Energy drink Beast High, now on sale!
The beast within you will awaken!
Never heard of it.
Really? But it was totally popular!
Haruto.
Time to leave already?
Do you seriously plan to go in that condition?
I'll be fine. I'll stay in the cockpit the whole time.
Haruto!
That's crazy... It's because I've been cooped up in here for so long.
See? I'm perfectly fine.
I don't understand why, but I could tell.
After you and I... You felt better, right?
If I ever have an attack, I want you to do the same for me.
I can't!
Haruto!
We're counting on you. Everyone's worried about their families.
Have you told Haruto how you feel?
No. This is a bad time.
You put your own interests on the back burner.
Dad said you have to do that when you're prime minister.
Saki Rukino?
Is Haruto there with you?
No, has something happened to Haruto Tokushima?
He gave me the slip. I don't think he can get far in his condition, though.
Did something happen to Haruto?
The colors, they...
What's going on, Professor?!
What in the world?
It's not moving. Why?
The Runes have been depleted?
If I can just... get into my cockpit at the harbor...
Haruto Tokishima.
How did you?
During your physical the other day, I had a transmitter injected into your body.
Classic you.
Take me to Unit 1. I can't walk straight anymore.
The Valvraves have all shut down completely. It's related to you.
They've what?!
They're out of energy.
Now that you mention it, we've never charged them or anything.
Despite their size, the Valvraves have power that exceeds that of a warship.
However, they do not run on any conventional power source.
The Valvraves are powered by Runes.
Runes?
Elementary information particles that are unobservable to humanity.
Information's elementary building blocks. That's what Runes are.
Just as matter is composed of atoms, all information is made up of Runes.
This is just a conjecture from here on out,
but this includes DNA, speech, emotions, and memories.
The thing that contains the most Runes...
is a human being.
I don't believe it... I attack humans too.
I suspect that you are gathering Runes for the Valvraves.
But that means...
I'll go on attacking people...
The pact has already been forged.
You're now bound by blood to the Valvraves. A being based on the sacrifice of human life.
Forget it! I don't want to hurt
Is that so?
Die, then.
Kamitsuki or not, I suspect that you will die if I separate your head from your body.
Die? Me?
If I died, I wouldn't cause people any more trouble.
I wouldn't hurt anyone else.
If I was gone, if there were no more Kamitsuki, then...
If I...
If I...
No.
No.
L-elf. If I die, what happens to the Valvrave?
We choose its next pilot.
This country needs the military strength that the Valvraves provide.
I take back what I said.
The Valvrave's curse is mine to bear.
How is this Earthfall operation gonna work if we don't got any Valvraves?
Dorssia's got a fleet waiting for us outside of the neutral zone!
We can't leave the Moon, much less go to Earth!
Can you do it? Attack people so that you can save lives?
Watch me.
The attacks are withdrawal symptoms resulting from Rune depletion.
If you ingest Runes on a regular basis, you won't attack anyone.
L-elf. From now on, I'm going to feed on no one but you.
I can't hurt anyone else.
We'll split it 50-50. The curse. The hope. Everything.
It turned on!
No activity again today. It sure is quiet, huh?
They're safe if they stay on the Moon. I doubt they're stupid enough to leave.
Whao?
Physical object detected leaving Module 77 at high speed!
Valvraves, five! Sazanami-class vessel, one!
We cross the neutral line in 60 seconds. Beyond that lies a battlefield.
We're about to cross the line!
It's the Dorssian navy!
Unit 1, you take point. Units 3, 4, and 6, deploy at uniform velocity.
Unit 5, your mission is defending this craft.
We're going to Earth.
We'll go to Earth and meet with other JIORans.
With the people who built the Valvraves, too.
And I'll ask them.
How to go back to being human from a Kamitsuki.
We've crossed the line!
As soon as we've taken back JIOR and all this is over,
I'll destroy all the Valvraves!
I'm going to make it so that this curse ends with us!
It's been a long time, Mirko.
This isn't the Council of 101.
I am now the 68th Chancellor of Dorssia, Amadeus.
Stay in character in front of the humans.
More importantly...
Those are...
Yes.
The children of the Valvraves.
Next time, episode 14, Hard Reentry.
Valvrave the Liberator... The system that will expose the truth of the world.
