To think the Guild would send me a challenge request.
To think the Guild would send me a challenge request.
This'll stave off my boredom a little.
To Edogawa Rampo
Invitation for a Detective Game
Though I suspect it's a trap.
Fill in A and B so that both hold true, and enter the room.
I guess he wants you to fill in the blanks.
Not that I have any idea.
Yosano-san, do you have a pen?
Are you the mastermind who thought to challenge me?
Chief Architect of the Guild E. A. Poe
Ability: Black Cat in the Rue Morgue
It's been a long time, Rampo-kun.
Were you been able to solve the riddle at the entrance?
This sentence is five words. This sentence is not five words.
I'd expect no less from my worthy opponent, Rampo-kun.
Now, it's my turn to ask a question.
Who are you?
You don't remember me?
I joined the Guild just so that I could challenge you.
I am Poe!
Detective and master of intellect.
You defeated me six years ago.
Your rant's making me sleepy.
I'm leaving.
This is a detective game!
Read this detective novel I've prepared for you, and determine the identity of the serial killer.
One point docked.
You wouldn't have become a detective if you were content with novels.
I expected that reply.
How about, if you win, I tell you the Guild's weakness?
How to capture the Guild base, Moby Dick, the floating fortress.
One point granted.
But why such a silly challenge?
The Guild's operations are barbaric and unbearably boring.
The only thing humanity ought to have interest in
is your gift, Ultra Deduction.
Am I wrong?
Five points granted.
I'm game.
One night, once upon a time,
a band of visitors were trapped in a mansion due to a snowstorm.
On the night of their stay, the protagonist, a private detective,
is awakened by a strange noise coming from one of the rooms.
This is my ability.
The ability to suck a reader into a novel.
The protagonist opens the door with a key only he possesses.
What he saw there...
A victim.
The two windows were sealed, and no one could have entered or left the room.
Two doors, and a matching key.
I don't have my glasses.
Is he dead?
Stand back.
I'm a doctor.
Hang in there.
Th-The door...
He said it was a serial killer.
Which means we need to find the murderer, or we'll be killed, too.
What a pain in the ass, that ability.
The corpse and the blood are disgustingly convincing.
Not to mention my ability, Thou Shalt Not Die, doesn't work here.
The victim is the caretaker of this mansion.
Cause of death is hemorrhagic shock.
No weapon, no fingerprints.
Which means...
It's a textbook impossible murder.
A locked room with no way out.
Clearly the victim of a murder.
How did the killer leave the room?
You're having a surprisingly hard time with this.
Aren't you going to do your usual thing?
I don't have my glasses.
They were special glasses that the boss gave me.
I need them to start my special ability.
Also, your healing ability wouldn't work on that dying man.
In other words, in this world, my Ultra Deduction won't work either.
So that's how it's going to be.
Rampo-san doesn't realize that he's an ordinary person without any special abilities.
Then how about we investigate carefully and reason our way out?
Too much work.
Lame.
Boring.
Investigating and making inquiries is the work of detectives, not master detectives.
Kurosaki
Convicted of Blackmail
I didn't kill him.
Ukai
Trashy Magazine Reporter
It wasn't me.
I swear.
Reida
Student
I didn't kill him.
Proprietor
Well-Bred Young Lady, Traveling Alone
Why am I under suspicion?
Do you have an alibi for the time of the murder?
I was sleeping in my room.
I was chopping firewood in the kitchen.
I was looking up the curse of the mansion, Pluto, the one-eyed cat, in the study.
Why do I have to explain myself?
You're just a doctor.
Who do you think you are?
I remember now.
I went to the caretaker's room to see if I could find some clothes that fit me better.
Perhaps it was the curse of the one-eyed cat depicted in the painting in the room?
This is a trick involving strings.
The key to the locked room was inside the victim's clothes.
The single matching key was never used until right before.
The suspect killed the caretaker, took the key, and locked the room from outside.
Later, the suspect used a string to return the key to the pocket under the door.
He cut the string, collected it, and disposed of it.
How's that, detective?
What are you, stupid?
No, rhetorical questions are rude.
You're stupid.
The key is too thick to fit under the door.
The corpse was on its back, and the key was in his hip pocket.
You could have figured that out right away.
Th-Then the murderer removed the iron bars on the window, left the room,
used tools to return the iron bars, and escaped.
Even though it's snowing so hard outside that you can't even see?
It wasn't wet near the window.
You're killing it, Rampo-san.
No!
I just...
You must have had suspicions.
Your abilities as a detective...
I'm gifted.
But my gift has no value in this world.
It was the boss who gave me those glasses!
Do you mean to tell me that the boss is lying to me?
No.
You're right, of course.
Not even you will ever solve this mystery, Rampo-kun.
It's a supremely unusual meta-mystery written specifically for you.
Once you're in the book, it's over.
You'll never figure out the killer or how they did it.
This isn't a challenge.
This is revenge.
You may have forgotten, but I never will.
That day, when you defeated me in a battle of wits, I lost all reason to show my face to anyone.
My mind wandered in an endless, dark room.
But I realized I can live on.
If I only had the plentiful glory and praise you do, I could...
So I will take them from you.
Even if that means I have to burn you alive.
This is a serial murder.
If I deliberately stay in a locked room by myself, the killer will come to kill me.
Now, come get me.
Yosano-san...
Sorry.
I messed up.
I couldn't see the murderer.
No.
Don't talk.
I can't figure it out.
But it's a piece of cake for the world's best detective.
The Armed Detective Agency was established solely to make use of your gift, after all.
I'm still grateful that I was invited to the Agency.
One down!
So long as you don't solve the mystery, you'll never return into the real world.
Spend all eternity wandering through my novel world!
We're back.
I-Impossible.
You couldn't have solved that mystery!
Well, it was quite stimulating.
You made only one mistake...
Challenging me.
Y-You figured out who the killer was?
Of course.
The murderer...
was me.
The locked room trick had nothing to do with it.
The protagonist killed the victim, and the author deliberately omitted that part of the narration.
But the innovation in this gimmick was the mechanism by which
the murderer vanishes the moment I enter the novel.
No matter how desperately I search, the murderer no longer exists.
How did you find the truth?
You went too far with the locked-room murder.
It's one thing if you were going to lay the blame on someone else,
but the murderer had no reason to make such an inescapable room.
So, I figured, the murderer and the author must be in cahoots.
The proof was in the glove left under the brick wall, used for the murder.
The one the victim pointed at right before he died.
B-But the second murder...
The murderer had already vanished by then, had he not?
That one's even simpler.
You just used an automatic machine.
You manipulated the magnetism in the room and threw a metal object at the victim.
Do you think that's even possible?
Anything goes.
That's the second misdirection, after all.
There were hints everywhere.
The suspiciously state-of-the-art medical tools.
The characters, wearing clothes provided by the mansion rather than clothes of their own.
The story is set in 2050.
The mansion is actually a rest house attached to a massive, tall space elevator.
As complicated as a detective novel may get,
once you figure out the author's ulterior motives, you've figured out half of it.
Impossible...
Six years of my life...
The intellectual devices were much more beautiful than before.
But I think you've met your match.
What?
You remember your battle against me?
Why would I forget about a mystery that I solved?
This takes me back.
We were here, pitting our minds against each other's.
It was the only time another detective gave me chills.
The first and the last.
I'm looking forward to your next challenge, too.
I hope you work really hard to come up with something good for me.
I think I'll work really hard.
We'll need to hold a celebration for you when we get home.
For what?
For the day the great detective learned the truth.
The day you discover that you aren't gifted,
but that you use your powers of observation and deduction to
I'm gifted.
You were laying out all your reasoning just now.
I'm gifted.
I'm not doing any actual detective work.
I just got lucky this time.
I mean...
You mean, what?
I'd look stupid if I turned out to be normal now.
No laughing.
Fine, fine.
Poe and Rampo
No fine, fine either!
The Whereabouts of the Skyfaring Moby Dick
Is it true that we have information we can use to defeat the Guild?
They're devising a plan inside right now.
This is some amazing intel, though.
It's worth its weight in gold.
How would we make use of this to take down the Guild at its core?
Infiltrate with a bomb?
No good.
Our communications will give us away, and we'll get shot down.
Oh, you're right.
How about Kenji-kun from the Gifted Special Operations Division?
Nope.
Leads to a stalemate in a ground battle, and we'll be fighting overtime.
That's true.
Atsushi-kun, then?
It could work, with Light Snow.
True.
I'll get right on it.
Do we end in the mountains?
At sea.
Roger.
Let me go.
You've got gall, betraying the Guild.
I wish I had your courage.
But did you really think the Guild wouldn't have countermeasures for your powerful ability?
I knew that much.
But I had to say I was going to be okay.
Otherwise he would never have escaped.
Oh, man.
It's not easy being the bad guys.
So, Chief Strategist, what's the plan?
Hi Ango, how're you?
I have some good news today.
We'll treat your injuries at the Agency.
You'll be as good as new with Yosano-san's healing ability.
And what do you want in return?
Well, one of the detectives in the Agency was captured by the military police.
We want to save her before our grand battle with the Guild.
Ah, the killer of 35.
I'm told she's being kept on an unmanned plane used to quarantine dangerous gifteds.
The Gifted Special Operations Division could indeed make an extrajudicial plea to grant her immunity.
But only if the girl is truly a member of the Agency.
Kyouka-chan isn't a member of the Agency?
She's not yet, to be exact.
There's an entrance examination you need to take in order to become a detective.
Unless you pass the test, you aren't officially accepted as an employee.
Remember there was one for you, too?
Dazai-kun, I accept your offer of treatment in exchange for my cooperation.
So tell me something.
When the unidentified car rammed into us,
for some reason my airbag was the only one that didn't deploy.
Might you know the reason?
The entrance exam involves observing the applicant's behaviors
to determine whether they're suitable for the Agency.
It's a secret test.
Whenever Kyouka-chan is in danger, she seeks escape by hurting or doing away with someone.
That may be her nature.
If that's the case, she may not pass the entrance exam.
Okay, we're here.
The library?
I'm Tanizaki of the Armed Detective Agency.
We've been waiting for you.
Please.
The Agency's micro-assault fighter, the Night Bird.
I'll pilot this and deliver you to the Moby Dick.
A solo infiltration?
The Guild is planning an all-out ground attack.
We'll sneak onto the Moby Dick while it's sparsely staffed, and take control.
I'm going to do all that by myself?
On a solo infiltration,
a gifted with combat abilities is preferable, due to their ability to work under pressure.
You've also been held captive aboard the Moby Dick, so you have an idea of its structure.
Furthermore, even if you do fail, there's a good chance that you'll be captured alive.
No one is more suited for the job than you.
Will you do it?
Turn it down.
You can't do it.
You're the runt of the orphanage until the day you die.
I've only ever regretted the things I didn't do.
I'll do it.
Entering Moby Dick visual range.
Understood.
Here we go, Atsushi-kun.
Yes.
Ability: Light Snow!
Ability: Light Snow
The Moby Dick's sensors are disabled for just 130 seconds, while the transport helicopter docks.
We're going to hide ourselves and close in during that time.
What? The pilot isn't responding?
Perhaps some trouble with the communicator.
What the?
Dazai-san, I'm in.
How does it look inside?
There's no one here.
Something's wrong.
Where is everyone?
Almost everyone evacuated.
Why do you think that might be, kid?
Because it's the end.
Of this war.
Wasn't he the one who called down the Moby Dick?
With the next attack, all of the Guild's enemies will be turned to ash.
Along with Moby Dick.
Explain!
I presume you thought you'd attack while there aren't many people here.
But did you not suspect that something was off
when the Guild's main forces abandoned the Moby Dick now, of all times?
It would be terrible if we became collateral.
Stage two of the Yokohama Incineration Operation: Moby Dick Bomb.
Once it happens, the city will be annihilated thanks to the damage from the curse.
And ground zero...
Is where the Agency and the Mafia headquarters are.
We'll crash into the ground in less than an hour.
If Moby Dick is your special ability, you should be able to stop its descent.
You are correct that the Moby Dick is my special ability.
But 70 of its capacity has been replaced with ordinances.
I no longer have the ability to control it.
Did you hear that, Dazai-san?
We need to abort the operation and retreat immediately.
The operation continues as planned.
What?
Take control of the Moby Dick with your own hands and stop its descent.
You're the only one on the Moby Dick.
You're the only one who can do it.
You predicted this situation, didn't you?
As a possibility, yeah.
That was part of our reason for choosing you.
Can you do it?
What do I need to do to stop the descent?
You'll have to use the control terminal.
It's in the office on the highest floor.
Though it's well guarded, of course.
Thank you.
If everyone's evacuated, why are you still here?
If the Moby Dick is to fall on foreign land and cause annihilation, I reckon I ought to fall with it.
Moby Dick was a beautiful creature before its flesh became mechanical.
Just as the Guild was in its past.
Yes?
How are you, Dazai-kun?
What do you want, Mori-san?
Didn't we establish an agreement with the Mafia so they wouldn't obstruct our operations?
About that agreement... I just had a call from one of the subordinates.
It doesn't look like it'll hold.
You...
I've found you, weretiger.
Akutagawa!
Episode Twenty-Three
Rashoumon, The Tiger, and The Last Emperor
