Wait! Wait!
Hey, now! You're going to fall if you keep running like that!
Are you okay, Onii-chan?
See? I told you.
Come on, let me see.
Shige! Stop that!
What the heck?
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. Can't you feel your own frustration?
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. What do you want to be?
Wear your overflowing emotions on your sleeve and break it down
What do you see once you go beyond your limits?
(99.9! 99.9!)
The mysterious percentage.
Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche,
cryin' my heart in such commonplaces!
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind?
It all begins when it hits 100.
The MOB is alive. The MOB is high.
The MOB is staying frustrated, aren't you?
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? Right now...
Your life is your own.
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
Mob Psycho
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Even Then Continue Forward
Now Mob-kun even has a building in his name.
Psycho Helmet Religion
Even though the Psycho Helmet Religion has yet to find its leader,
it now has over 700 members.
Psycho Helmet Religion
Due to an anonymous donation, they were able to create a headquarters
and its followers are working hard, day after day, to recruit more followers.
They have no form of scripture nor really any idea what to do.
All they know is that their beloved founder is apparently a real esper
and in middle school.
Psycho Helmet Religion
The religion is also gaining popularity
and spreading on the internet as a meme religion.
If Mob-kun finally appears, this order will get even bigger.
I want to see it happen!
Because... It seems like it'd be fun.
It's finally that time of year again.
The annual marathon is here.
In 10 days Salt Middle School All-Student Marathon Contest
Seriously?
No way! We have to run 5 kilometers again?
Don't even try faking any sickness. I'll see right through it!
Mob-kun.
Mezato-san? What is it?
There's something I want to talk to you about.
Could you come to the roof during lunch?
It's really important.
Middle School Math
I'll be waiting for you.
Shigeo...
Maybe you're going to get asked out again!
For real this time!
No, I'm sure she just wants to talk.
You're too dramatic, Dimple.
Lame! What happened to that innocent boy I used to know?
Just the other day, you'd get beet red and flustered simply from talking to a girl.
You see, Mob-kun...
About the marathon...
O-Oh, okay. It's about the marathon...
What? Was he actually expecting more?
Why don't you use your powers
to win by a landslide and surprise the heck out of all the people watching?
Why would I do that?
Well, there's this fan club that's been looking for you.
Fans?
It's a religious group called Psycho Helmet.
Oh, it's a religious group.
We're looking for our god.
Psycho Helmet Religion
Oh, it's that.
During the press conference the other day...
Apparently, there was a split-second shot of you from behind.
They analyzed the footage
and found out that your uniform was from Salt Middle School.
The followers are positive that the poltergeist incident wasn't a fake.
They're likely going to come observe the area on the day of the marathon.
That's when you'll reveal that you're the leader they've been looking for!
Don't you want to make that important moment as dramatic as possible?
Sorry, but I'm going to run using my own physical strength.
I'm even jogging now,
so maybe by next year I'll be able to place within the top ten.
Wow... You actually thought about it that much?
Who knew you actually had a goal?
It can't be next year!
We'll have our high school entrance exams next year!
We won't have time to deal with stuff like this anymore!
That's right. Oh, no...
What's up?
If I placed in the top ten of next year's marathon,
I was planning on asking Tsubomi-chan out...
S-Say what?
What? Takane-san?!
I messed up during the student council president election,
but I wanted to show her how cool I could be at next year's marathon.
Shigeo...
How were you able to change so much without my noticing?
If next year doesn't work, it'll have to be this year.
I'll just have to place in the top ten in the marathon next week!
Telepathy Club
Body Improvement Club
No way! That's the last thing I thought I'd hear you say.
Do you even remember where you finished last year?
291st...
You're way too slow!
Strengthening month!!
You finished in the bottom ten.
How are you going to remedy that in just ten days?
Monthly Muscle
Five kilometers is a pretty rough distance, too.
My older brother does track in high school.
Should I ask him for some tips?
Last-minute advice isn't going to turn him into a speedster!
Maybe watch what you eat and tone your body a bit...
We're not talking about a diet here!
Oh, I know. Why not buy some fancy running shoes?
You think he has that kind of money?
I'll have to give it my all...
That's exactly right, Kageyama!
That's why you're our shadow leader!
The methods and their efficiency don't matter!
What matters is whether you wanna do this or not!
Monthly Muscle
You understand that!
Put on muscle
Put on muscle
However, Kageyama...
Put on muscle
Put on muscle
Put on muscle
Giving something your all ain't easy.
Put on muscle
Put on muscle
Do you have what it takes to really put everything on the line?
Then you can have my running shoes.
What? But they're brand new!
You're just going to give them to Mob?
But why, Onigawara-senpai?
You better do this thing.
He's so cool...
Oh, those!
So you ended up with them, Kageyama!
The shoes Onigawara bought in the wrong size!
Did you have to open your big mouth?
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Why are you so fidgety, Mob?
Reception
Oh, I'm just trying to exercise any chance I get.
Oh, so you're not fidgeting.
He's got a marathon coming up.
A marathon, huh?
I always acted like I was sick.
He's gonna try to place in the top ten
and tell his beloved Tsubomi-chan how he feels.
You're going to ask her out? Seriously?
If you have 3 evil spirits, the exorcism fee on 1 of them will be on the house!!
You don't have to come to work for a while.
Huh? But why?
I'm probably not getting any customers for a while anyway.
More importantly, you should be jogging to better prepare your body.
All right, get changed.
Huh?
We're going to get your legs accustomed to the actual course you'll be running.
Come on, lift those feet, Reigen!
Shut up!
I haven't... been exercising... that much lately... myself!
I can't hear you!
Hey, want to stop for some tea?
But we've only run about a kilometer so far, Master.
Huh? Nii-san?
Hey, Ritsu.
Dimple? Is he training for the marathon?
Yeah.
Apparently, he's going to place in the top ten and ask Tsubomi-chan out.
What?!
Takane Tsubomi-san?
I remember playing with her when we were younger,
but honestly, I found her kind of hard to deal with.
I'm pretty sure I remember her going home in the middle of hide-and-seek...
This makes me uneasy.
I wonder if Nii-san will be okay...
Shige! Wash your own dishes, will you?
Shige!
It's okay, Mom.
I'll do it.
You don't have to, Ritsu. You shouldn't spoil your older brother like that.
Is something up?
Nii-san's working really hard lately,
so I don't mind helping him just a bit.
Remember to take 2 breaths at once Breathe in deeply, breathe out deeply 6-beat breathing style Vertical
Stride Longer strides More damage Faster speed, stamina...
Cadence More rotations Less damage Uses more stamina
Oh, hey, you two. Thanks for coming by today.
I look forward to working with you guys.
I'm just doing this for my brother.
I want him to be able to concentrate on training.
That said, we are subbing in for Kageyama-kun.
I'll make sure I put my time in.
Then, first, could you sort those files?
Also, take a look at any exorcism request emails.
Hello? Are you open?
I didn't make a reservation or anything.
Oh, I can see you immediately.
Please, have a seat.
All right, go get some tea ready
Where'd the other kid go?
He seems to be hiding for some reason.
Takane-san?!
What is she doing here?
I don't care about myself,
but I can't let her find out Nii-san has ties with a shady place like this.
Um, I heard that you also give relationship advice...
Right?
Yeah.
Could you do that for us?
Relationship advice?!
If I could have you fill out this questionnaire first.
Oh, sure.
I see. So you go to Salt Middle School.
I actually know someone at Salt Middle School.
Reigen! You shut your mouth!
With our satisfied customers
What's this person like, Miki-chan?
Spirits and Such Consultation Office
Uh, could you let me do my job, please?
I see...
So this person is probably in your grade, or maybe a bit older...
And they play some kind of sport.
Wow! You're right!
I see.
He's on the soccer team, so you want to get him some cleats.
But if you get him a really nice pair,
their monetary value may leave a bigger impression than your feelings.
With our satisfied customers
In that case, I think you should start off as friends.
Ask him what his hobbies are outside of soccer,
or about his favorite TV show...
So basically,
there's no need for you to rush in and ask him out, Miki-san.
In my opinion, at least.
Okay! Thank you so much!
That was really helpful!
Um, I didn't fill out the questionnaire, but can I ask you some questions, too?
Yes, of course!
Did you want relationship advice as well?
Yes. The person I like is someone from another school who I meet at cram school.
Ah, I see.
They talk to me all the time.
Hey, what's with you, man?
Sometimes, we even walk home together after cram school.
Should I ask them out?
Well, in that case, I think it'd be fine to ask them out immediately.
Hey!
With our satisfied customers
From what you've told me, the other person is obviously interested in you as well.
If you ask them out, there's a very good possibility they'll say yes.
It's over...
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Please come by again anytime.
Do you know them, Little Bro?
They looked older.
Well, uh...
I can't...
I can't tell Nii-san.
You can do this, Nii-san!
I didn't know you went to cram school, Tsubomi.
You never mentioned that before.
Nope. I just made it up.
I didn't want you to get scammed or something,
so I thought I'd test him a little.
Oh, really? I see.
And what did you think, Tsubomi?
Well...
He didn't say anything wrong... So he's probably okay.
Mob Psycho
Mob Psycho
The Day of the Marathon
Salt Middle School Marathon
You can do it!
My parents are here.
Who's the fastest out of the guys?
This day has finally arrived.
There are followers waiting near the finish line.
It's time to present their beloved leader.
You've got this, Mob-kun!
I'm sure Ritsu will be fine, but I'm a bit worried about Shigeo.
Yeah. He's got the stamina of a snail.
We should watch from somewhere along the course rather than the finish line.
Nurse's Station
Salt MS
Cough, cough.
Oh, no. I've caught a cold.
Hack, hack.
Visitor Station
Oh, did you catch a cold too, Kijibayashi-san?
So did I!
Wow, that's such a coincidence, Inukawa.
Horf, horf. Horf...
You, too, Saruta? Not bad for a first-year.
Oh, you're too kind.
I learned a lot from the Telepathy Club.
Run, you lazy bastards!
Salt MS
Inukawa
Salt MS
Kijibayashi
Salt MS
Saruta
Even Mob-kun's going to run!
So you three better get going, too!
Shigeo! How ya doin'?
He's doomed. He's super nervous.
Shape up, Kageyama!
President.
Show everyone the fruits of your training!
We're rivals today!
Rivals...
I'll do my best!
Looks like he put those to good use.
Way to go, shadow leader.
We will now begin the boys' race of the Salt Middle School Marathon.
Salt Middle School Marathon
On your marks...
Ready...
Nii-san!
Salt Middle School
You're not catching up to the leading pack on that leg...
Want me to possess you?
You just need to make the top ten, right?
Figures.
My kid looked so annoyed.
There's no way they'll catch up to the front.
Ritsu passed by a long time ago.
Shige!
What happened to your leg?!
But you built up your stamina, right?
Hang in there!
You're doing amazing! You can do this, Shigeo!
Our boy has real guts now.
Yeah.
I should make something yummy for dinner tonight.
Mob-kun.
You can d
His form's all wrong.
Did he sprain something?
His pace is getting erratic, too.
Hey, you've only got about a kilometer to go.
Move them legs!
Reigen, you look like you're going all out.
Don't look.
I thought I'd help him keep his pace toward the end,
but the guys up front are way too fast.
They're way ahead.
I don't know if we can catch up even if you sprint.
I've been counting runners. You're currently 74th.
That's fantastic for Mob,
but for him to finish in the top ten, he has to pass 64 others.
I see...
Wanna get a taxi?
I mean, the thought did cross my mind...
Don't be ridiculous. Look at that face.
I'm pretty sure he hasn't given up yet.
Kageyama, you're awake?
You should never push yourself too far.
Sensei...
That marathon's over, huh?
Yeah...
Oh, your younger brother managed to overtake some third-years and place 9th.
I see.
Ritsu...
Kageyama, you used to seem a bit glum,
but you're much brighter now.
Pardon?
Do you need someone to come get you?
No, I can go home myself.
He hasn't shown up...
Yeah... Where in the world is our leader?
Well, you're in a good mood.
Of course I am.
We're celebrating Ritsu placing 9th, and Shige running the whole nine.
What the heck?
I'll get it. I wonder if it's Nii-san.
Koga-sensei just called saying he left school a little while ago.
I'm glad he just had mild anemia.
Heya.
You're...
the one from...
How did you find this place?
Didn't I say I'd be seeing you again?
Who is it? A friend of yours?
Mom!
Don't come over here right now!
Oh... Now I see.
Your parents are here, too. I guess I shouldn't be surprised.
Well, this complicates things.
Hey, what do you mean by
What is that?
I wonder what's going on. There's smoke over there.
Is there a fire?
Wait...
Isn't that where...
Apparently, there was a sudden explosion of fire.
They said it might've been an arsonist.
Nobody knows if the family got to safety.
Oh, you're one of the Kageyama boys.
Thank goodness you're safe.
H-Hey, wait! Pull yourself together!
You can't go any closer!
Someone, please stop him!
That's dangerous!
He went into the fire!
It's okay... Dad was home today.
Dad can be a bit strict at times,
but he's strong and reliable.
He even took the day off from work today to watch me run.
And Mom's always careful with the stove.
When I was younger, she yelled at me for messing around with fireworks.
Not to mention, Ritsu's here.
He's my brilliant younger brother who's always calm.
It's okay. It'll be okay.
It's too bad that our home is burning down,
but as long as we're together, we can start over.
There's no one here?
They must've gotten away, then!
Shigeo!
There were signs of a struggle at the front door.
Someone must've forced their way in!
Someone did this...?
H-Hang on a sec.
Does that mean someone could've taken them, too?
I have to look for clues!
Close your eyes!
Don't look, Shigeo!
I spilled a seed and lost sight of it
I'll find it using the color it's dyed in and watch it grow
It immediately returned to the palm of my hand
But it's still too light and too frail to reach for the skies
The world coldly drains away all the heat
The bright sunshine just isn't enough
The memories are closing off what lies ahead
Shake off their warmth and set off into the distance
If I let it wither, it'd be over just like that
But my hope just doesn't fade away
The super dangerous esper organization, Claw, attacks Seasoning City!
The boss, the upper echelon, and the foreigner squad...
It appears that I, Reigen Arataka, must make a stand!
Show Me What You've Got Band Together.
Illegal downloads? Do you want to be cursed?
Show Me What You've Got Band Together
