So what if you brought them over? So what if you have Drifters?
No matter how many of those idiots you transport here...
Black King Occupies Northern Fortress
Black King Occupies Northern Fortress
Don't you know I'll be the victor? Don't waste your time fighting.
Why don't you just meekly admit your defeat?!
Murasaki.
Closed
Murasaki!
Act 4 Active Heart
Those who, like yourselves, are transported from other worlds...
And, those who, like Drifters, are brought to this world,
but are inhuman and evil...
Our goals as the Octobrists are to evaluate, monitor,
and unite those Drifters to stand against the Ends.
Errr... can you untie me?
No way. I have no clue what you're talking about.
Olminu from the Octobrist Organization, you totally misjudged me.
I am the powerful Demon King of the Sixth Heaven. Good... Evil...
Who dares judge what I am?!
I should be the absolute evil!
Mutter mutter mutter
Are you still doing that?
Aren't you embarrassed?
Not at all.
I see. As might be expected from a former hipster, you're thick-skinned.
Then, which one are we supposed to be?
I don't think you are of the Ends.
Why?
Those who are transported as the Ends are inhuman...
They nourish a deep, deep loathing towards this world.
I don't know what happened to them while they were in your world.
But they detest everything...
They only have one objective in mind, which is...
They gathered in the north, pacified the monsters in order to ally with them,
and began advancing into our land.
If we let them continue, the world will be destroyed.
That's why I'm asking you Drifters for help!
What about your troops?
Eh?
I don't give a damn about monsters or those sorts of things,
but the enemy was an organized force, right?
So, what do the Octobrists have to stand against them?
Th-That is... umm... We are a magician organization.
Our mission is to bring Drifters together-
So you have nothing, huh?!
Umm... We call for military support from kings and feudal lords,
and assigning Drifters to command of these troops is our...
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Fiefs clearly work the same way in every world.
A feudal lord wields military power. That is how feudalism works.
No lord would ever willingly cede command to some random outsider, stupid!
Regardless of how powerful those so-called Ends are,
a feudal lord will never hand over his military authority to them.
Even if these apocalyptic forces are marching into his last stronghold,
and they drive him into a corner,
he will persevere until the time of his honorable suicide, stupid.
This is what an overlord is.
You can theorize as much as you want,
but in the end, things are as they are...
This is why Mohism was destroyed during the Warring States Era in China.
This man... Is this the true Oda Nobunaga?
Is he just a fool, or is he the Demon King?
Th-Then, what should we do?!
Only Drifters can defeat them! What are you suggesting?!
Is it not obvious?
The Drifters should take control of the state.
I hereby declare that we're
beginning a campaign of conquest with Toyohisa as our leader.
Huh?
And you people will support us.
Aid our plot to take down the empire
for the sake of your world's peace and happiness.
Wait a minute!
How am I the leader?! You've never told me that.
Eh? Don't you remember you sat in the center the other day?
I was going to sit down, but I'll let you take my seat.
What the hell does that mean?!
That's what I thought.
You can be truly dense, kid.
Grrr, shut up! Just do as I say!
Gr-Grand Master, this is insane.
Those guys are behaving completely erratically.
However, their idea has a certain appeal.
We were attacked by the Ends several times in the past.
Each time, they decimated our land.
However, this time is different.
Ill-conceived measures won't work. We'll be totally destroyed...
Black Majesty, we completely demolished the Northern Wall in Carneades.
What about our losses, Rasputin?
The number of casualties is 274 in Goblin special forces,
345 in Kobold advanced guard...
The damage was not serious,
but losing four Dragners was a heavy blow.
Bring me those who were injured.
Will you truly act, Black Majesty?
Of course.
Goblins, Kobolds, and Dragons are all my brethren.
I will save as many as I can.
You are merciful, Black Majesty.
Ouch... Ouch...
I'm grateful.
Well done. You fought hard.
Next.
Inform everybody of the fall of the Northern Wall.
Then, those who feared humans
and didn't believe the human world would come to an end
will fill our ranks.
I was going to save humans,
but they rejected me.
Therefore, I have no choice but to save demihumans and destroy humans.
That is terrifying, Black Majesty.
Go after the escaped Drifters.
Search... Search...
Find out where those magicians dropped them off...
Don't let them unite.
No enemy but the Drifters exists before us.
Leave no stone unturned.
Find them. Chase them. Kill them.
Let me see... What am I going to do?
I'll side with the one that interests me more.
I am inexorable...
The Inexorable Tribulation who wanders and bellows.
The eradication of mankind won't be over until...
and the salvation of every single demihuman is at hand.
Stand together!
Don't die on me, you piece of shit!
Pull up... you fuckin' jackass!
Damn, this hurts!
Who the hell are you?! You wanna try me, bastards?!
What should we do next?
It's too late to talk about that.
We killed the lord's knight. There is no turning back.
But those Drifters...!
The lord is not going to listen to such excuses, is he?!
Also, more than half of the wheat field was burned down.
There's not enough left to pay the tax to the lord.
Even if the lord forgives us, he will confiscate the whole harvest.
We will be unable to feed the village!
We have no choice but to rebel.
The punitive forces are approaching the village as we speak!
If we don't act now, we'll end up being
killed or dying from hunger, guaranteed!
That's right. We can't take this any longer.
We have no choice but to overthrow the lord.
Don't be foolish! We don't stand a chance!
Yea, do, yea, do.
Yea, do. Yea, do. You...
win chance, yea, yea, do. You rebel. That so awesome!
We Nobu Nobu, Yoicchii, Toyo Toyo,
-Hey! What the...?!
-all have power power.
Damn. They have no idea what he's talking about.
Hey!
Mutter mutter mutter
You, wait!
Oh, no! Here he goes!
How can you speak our language?!
Umm... We are a magician organization.
All this time, we've been investigating you...
Grand Master created this convenient charm.
Applying it grants you instant fluency.
Isn't our Grand Master great?
If I'd known such a convenient thing existed...
Hey, you! Do you know how hard it was for Yoichi to learn their language?!
How should I know that?!
Apologize to Yoichi. Apologize!
Wh-Why should I?
Just apologize to him. Don't you feel sympathy for him?!
All right. I'm sorry... So sorry.
Hand over that charm to me now.
Well... please wait for a moment...
For a Far Eastern samurai-looking person...
Let's see... this might be it.
Good afternoon. Good afternoon.
Good afternoon... Good afternoon...
You! He looks like a weird zombie.
Think about where you put those things, moron!
Yes, sir! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
These resemble the charms created by the Onmyodo cosmologists in Kyoto.
Who the hell is this Grand Master of the Octobrist Organization?
Hey, Four-Eyed Boobs.
I am Olminu! That's not even close to my real name.
Explain to me the situation with the Long Ears.
What?! You mean now?
I can imagine most of it myself, so do it briefly.
Yes, sir. Those people are called Elves.
Decades ago, the humans attacked, defeated, and subjugated them.
Since then, they live their lives as serfs.
I see. What kind of creatures are Elves?
Umm... they have a long life expectancy.
Also, I heard that they were naturally proud.
That's more than enough.
Toyohisa, tell them.
-Huh? -Stand next to me and say what I tell you.
You should be the one to speak up in a situation like this.
Toyo, tell them what you told me earlier.
Tell them like this... Then, like that...
You really are underhanded. No wonder you were betrayed.
Shut up! Tell them.
Hey, you all!
Aren't you a disgrace to your forefathers?
Do you not bring humiliation to your children?
Don't you wish to have your own state?
Will you grovel and die with regret?
Or will you run and die dreaming?
Which way will you choose?!
Decide!
Wh-Why wouldn't we be ashamed?!
Why wouldn't we want our country back?!
Why would we be okay with...
being slaves?!
Alright.
Then...
let's go get your state back!
Oh, oh, I like his defiant look...
It reminds me a bit of...
Hey!
Why did you make me the commander?
You should've taken on the role, Nobunaga.
I'd rather be a figure who pulls the strings behind the scenes.
I am not your son.
Your son died in Nijou Palace! He was killed by Mitsuhide.
I am Shimazu Toyohisa. I am not Oda Nobutada!
What the hell are you talking about?!
Are you stupid?!
You don't resemble him at all, you idiot. That's nonsense!
You fool.
Damn idiot.
I may have said too much.
If my father were still alive,
he would be around that age.
Mutter mutter mutter
I'm not your old man.
Iehisa is long dead.
I am Oda Nobunaga.
Satsuma?
Where the hell is that?!
What the hell did you just say, you jackass?!
You wanna fight, punk?!
Hyaaah!
What's going on? They started fighting!
-Stop them! -Stop them!
Ahh... This brings back memories... Brotherly fights...
We, the ten brothers, are going to side with the Taira clan.
Yoichi, you are on the Genjis' side, aren't you?
All right. Let's fight!
Come on! Come on! Come on!
There were eleven of us. It was amazing!
The Nasu Clan
I wish we could do that again.
What the hell?!
Don't you use a bow?!
Please stop!
The lord's forces could be approaching as you speak.
There is no time for fighting!
Who are you?
I am Shara, son of the village elder who was killed by them.
Thank you for looking after my brothers.
Ah! So this is your big brother?
Yeah!
Don't say, They could be approaching.
Of course they are closing in.
Those soldiers whom you killed didn't return from patrol duties,
so they began to assemble the troops, which will take...
I would guess four days.
No...
They are well equipped, so maybe sooner. It'll probably take three days.
The Shimazus could do that by the next day.
That is because your clan is a bunch of freaks!
You damn belligerent tribe!
In other words, likely the day after tomorrow is...
Please! Help us!
Please... lend us your strength! We have never taken up arms to fight!
We were only children when our country was destroyed forty years ago.
Our fathers and brothers who fought in the battle were all killed.
We hardly know how to fight!
Please! I'm begging you!
Didn't you just say something strange?
Hey, you! How old are you?
Eh? I'm 106 years old.
Don't joke around. You could be executed if you were in Japan.
I'm telling you the truth.
Hey, you two. How old are you?
I'm thirty-nine.
I'm thirty-six.
How do you explain that, Boobienu?
Honk honk
It's Olminu!
You don't have any intention of remembering my name, do you?!
And don't grab my boobs, you perverted old man!
The Elves are expected to live long lives.
Their life expectancy is about five to six times greater than humans.
Their rate of maturation is slow, too.
-What's wrong? -What's wrong?
You are older...
This area used to be Elven land
until Orte, the human kingdom in the East, destroyed it.
Orte also conquered the states of the Dwarfs and the Hobbits
and subjugated them, forcing them to be serfs and miners.
The Kingdom of Orte then proclaimed their state to be an empire,
and enforced the system of occupation, setting a doctrine of human supremacy.
Is this so-called Orte still expanding?
They are currently engaged in battles all around the country.
However, their battle fronts have reached equilibrium.
That's expected. Conquering a state is like spinning a burning wheel.
Once we claim a state, we only have two choices.
Either utterly destroy it,
or hand over everything as you would to pacify a crying princess.
Orte forty years ago would've been
a major ally in the fight against the Black King,
but present-day Orte is...
They didn't do either, leaving the grudges of the occupied to fester.
Furthermore, it has been forty years.
It was as if they started a wildfire in a withered field.
Everybody and his brother is filled with resentment.
That explains why those fools acted recklessly.
If Orte doesn't teach them a lesson, they will become uncontrollable.
That is why Orte will definitely come to
slaughter everyone as a warning to others.
What will you do now, Toyohisa?
As commander, what are you going to do about it?
Show me the tactics of the Shimazu clan, will you?
We are going to let them in.
Isn't it overkill, dispatching 200 troops to destroy one Elven village?
I heard that Aram and his patrol were all killed.
Are you kidding me?!
No way those Elves have the guts to do that!
There were rumors that they were killed by the Drifters.
Drifters?!
Even so, there were just a few of them, right?
Are the Drifters... really that strong?
They are not here!
There is nobody here either.
The place is completely empty.
What on earth is going on?!
Where did they disappear to?!
What's happening here?!
I am going to kill all of them tonight.
I will take everyone's head.
Boobienu Orgaization
Power of Shit
Monkey Yell
Act 5 Bring Back Love
