We've received word that Claw, the esper terrorist organization,
has barricaded itself in the Seasoning Cultural Tower.
It's possible that they might also be holding Prime Minister Yabe,
who was abducted from Pork Bone City, prisoner insid
The kidnapper was a teleporter.
He had the ability to instantly travel wherever he wanted.
And, according to the news, he can also predict people's movements.
Well, that's not really fair.
How can one person have two overpowered abilities like that?
Did you end up with a high fever because of your opponent's ability?
No, this is just from the shock of losing.
I also got a fever when I lost to Kageyama-kun
and had nightmares for three days and nights.
This guy sounds like bad news.
Do you think they have more like him?
I was always confident I could take anyone on.
But now... I don't know what to think.
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. Can't you feel your own frustration?
Coming down, could you fill your satisfaction?
You're a MOB. What do you want to be?
Wear your overflowing emotions on your sleeve and break it down.
What do you see once you go beyond your limits?
(99.9! 99.9!)
The mysterious percentage.
Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche,
cryin' my heart in such commonplaces!
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind?
It all begins when it hits 100.
The MOB is alive. The MOB is high.
The MOB is staying frustrated, aren't you?
Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? Right now...
Your life is your own.
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
Mob Psycho
(Get ready, dig your anger up, MOB!)
(Get ready, wake your psyche up, MOB!)
(Get ready!)
Collision Power Type
Why did we move away from the capital?
We could've just taken over the tallest building in Japan.
There are two reasons.
The first reason is the omurice in the cafeteria here is to die for.
They use four eggs per serving.
The other reason is I'm from this city.
I know this city so well, I can keenly monitor its changes.
So this place is memorable to you?
Maybe your old friends still live here.
Old friends and memories, huh? I can't think of any.
I actually don't mind if you destroy it all.
Really? Even though you remember the omurice?
Correct.
The special anti-terrorism squad has arrived.
We will now raid the Cultural Tower.
Should I go?
There's no need.
Every soldier from Claw HQ is plenty capable.
They aren't much inferior to the upper echelon, the Scars.
LP Gas
Most of those guys are artificial espers, aren't they?
When'd they become so strong?
These guys aren't human...
Hey, boss. Just out of curiosity...
Did you do something to them?
A news helicopter, huh?
You're a pain. Go away.
The controls aren't working!
A malfunction?!
I'm not sure! It's gone out of control!
That's one big RC helicopter!
Leave the fighter jets and missiles to Hatori.
I'll have Minegishi and Shibata go out into the town to expand our territory.
Serizawa and Shimazaki will defend this base.
We're going to show them just how powerful we are.
Go!
No...
What is this?
We can't do anything about this...
What are we going to do, Reigen?
Hey! This is no time to be eating cup noodles!
Don't act like this ain't none of your business!
What are you talking about? Of course it's not.
Huh?
We're not superheroes, and this is dangerous.
It's best that we leave this to the police and JSDF.
What? Are you chickening out?
What do you think we can even do against people like that?
Well...
We all gathered here to ask you that, you dumbass.
Then, here's my answer...
Meeting's over.
I thought we might have a chance with Mob,
but this is just too dangerous.
We'll have to lie low until things blow over.
Reigen-san...
I think that's the right decision.
I'm going. I'd rather make the first move than be on the run forever.
I'm going, too!
Same!
This battle is our chance to find a purpose for ourselves.
Do whatever you want.
Hello? Oh, you're calling about the fire insurance...
Yes, that's right...
Huh? If you can't figure out the cause, there won't be any payout?
You couldn't find any kerosene or gas?
Of course not! It was caused by psychic powers! Psychic powers!
You've never dealt with anything like this? That's not my problem!
Hey, wait a sec...
My office burned to the ground! I'm penniless!
Why the hell do I even have insurance, then?
What the hell are you talking about?
Hang on.
Look at his face. I've never seen him so serious before.
You guys are determined to fight, aren't you?
I've changed my mind.
I'll command you all, just like you wanted!
We're gonna win!
And I'm gonna drag the damn arsonist to the insurance company!
Master Reigen's all fired up!
Now that that's settled, time to think up a strategy.
Get everyone a copy of the local map.
The enemy is apparently jamming all electronic devices.
Looks like I was being a bit too negative.
You're pretty strong. You probably didn't even need my help.
Ritsu, your latent abilities far surpass your brother's.
My abilities? There's no way that's true.
Life won't be any fun if you don't tell yourself that.
The same goes for me. I'm more powerful than my dad...
As I figured, you really are leading the uprising, Sho-kun.
Talk about a textbook rebellious phase.
His aura is really peculiar. Who is that?
One of the Ultimate 5, the highest echelon of Claw,
that's Minegishi the plant user.
Get caught by his plants, and you're finished.
You get turned into plant food.
We'd be at a disadvantage if we fought him in a forest,
but too bad for him, this is a concrete jungle.
We'll take care of him.
Please go on ahead, leader.
You guys...
All right, Ritsu! Let's go!
I have my doubts.
Hey, look up in the sky!
What's going on?
Are the government's espers attacking?
Shoot them down!
None of us are getting in those cars.
The first step in our plan is to mess with the enemy formation.
Try to buy us as much time as possible before they realize it's a decoy.
Um, Teru-san... Is my telekinesis helping at all?
Yeah.
It's like when someone uses their pinky to help you carry some heavy luggage.
Can you even call that helping?
Damn it... I really can't do this alone!
Would you like some help, young man?
Who are you?
Oh, you decided to show up, too?
My name is Takeuchi.
I am a master of the miraculous art of super qigong.
You just need to make some cars fly, correct?
What's happening on the surface is merely a diversion.
We're going to infiltrate their main camp through the sewers and defeat the boss.
This way.
One they lose their leader, none of them will be a threat individually.
It's not just an ordinary paper fan?
It's been turned into a device that amplifies shock waves.
Guys, get behind my shield!
He disassembled and reassembled the shredded vines and leaves?
That's an interesting technique.
I can even make a human-like doll from a fridge as long as it has the right materials.
You all right?
I'm fine.
The other one's a rare healing type.
They're perfectly balanced in attack, defense, and support.
I guess I should get a little serious.
Should you really be here?
What the hell am I supposed to do out there?
Besides, when Mob wakes up,
it'll probably help if he has someone here to explain the situation to him.
But man, he's really knocked out.
He wouldn't be out so long if he was just tired.
Master Reigen! There's trouble!
Our security system picked up some intruders!
Intruders?!
Claw? How'd they find this place?
I'll lead you to the rear exit.
No, it's no good to run off without a plan.
We have to hide!
There's no doubt about it. They're in there.
You guys shaking in your boots in there?
Get your asses out here!
What do you want to do, Reigen?
Want me to possess you and brawl with them?
I'll open the door.
Stay on your guard.
You got me. I give up.
I'm not an esper.
You can tell with your tracing powers, right?
This kid here is an esper, but he hasn't woken up since last night.
Let me take him to the hospital.
This guy's pretty suspicious. He might be packing a weapon.
Frisk them.
I don't have any weapons. I just have my cellphone and a handkerchief.
This guy's got something in his inside pocket.
Oh, it's just some cologne. I work in the service industry.
It's a great scent. See?
Apparently, it's filled with a curse that causes extreme drowsiness.
I confiscated it from four-eyes a while ago.
To think it'd actually come in handy here.
I thought you were trash, but you're not so bad.
You'll have to deal with me next.
He's huge!
Here we go.
He looked strong, but thankfully he's also an idiot.
Seriously, what's with this ridiculous luck of yours?
You're definitely going to die a horrible death.
Mob Psycho
Mob Psycho
What a splendid sight.
We destroyed all that, yet I don't feel a bit of remorse.
Sacrifices must be made in the name of world domination.
Is that really true?
Why the long face, Serizawa?
Let me give you a word of advice.
Yes, President! I'd love to hear it!
The secret behind my undying positivity
is because I've never once concerned myself with how others feel.
I've lived my life up till now exactly how I wanted.
Everything will always work out as long as I can count on myself.
I doubt my spirit will break even if I ever lose all of you.
I've decided to take over the world, so I'll do so, even if it's by myself.
Since I have the audacity to say that,
the world is basically already in my hands.
Serizawa, I think very highly of your potential.
You held back on Joseph, didn't you?
You need to obtain a unimpassioned, audacious positivity.
Then you can be just like me.
I see! If I do my best, I can be a corporate executive, too?
Pretty sure his misunderstanding has gotten even worse...
First off, this isn't a company.
What now? They found out where we were!
First, we'll grab a taxi
Hey!
What the hell? Weren't you sleeping?
Looks like I've awakened thanks to you, dumbass!
Right. Got it... I seriously give up this time.
If anyhting, we're
You idiot! Run, Reigen!
Mob!
Psycho Steroid!
I frequently send psychic signals to my muscles and continuously adjust
Yeah, sure. Goodnight.
Now he's lost his cool.
He's powered up even more!
I'm getting really sick of this, but I'll lure him out!
He's not coming? Mob, wake up!
I panicked for a second, but this guy's not an evil spirit.
He's human!
That means I can break him!
Okay, I retract that last statement. This guy's not human.
Shit! This isn't good! Catch him, Reigen!
You got it! I once joined the boys' volleyball team on a trial basis!
Just take it easy on me!
Dimple!
I-Is Mob's body okay?
That was close... I think he's okay.
It's all thanks to his shoe falling off.
But now I'm certain...
I definitely can't win this fight!
Can't let that giant lug catch me!
Uh... Are they going to be okay?
The terrorist organization that has taken over part of Seasoning City
continues to wreak havoc across the city.
Citizens are being ordered to stay inside.
You guys won't believe this!
Look!
Super Ultra Rare
I rolled a super ultra rare!
For real?!
Wow!
Inukawa, did you spend more mon
Fight on! Fight on! Fight on!
You can't go past here, even on foot.
MPD
Haven't you seen the news?
What should we do, Captain?
Guess we'll just have to change our course.
The same scenery all the time gets boring anyway.
Body improvement! Fight on! Fight
I knew something was off.
I guess the cars in the sky were a decoy after all.
Which means there's probably another group.
Let's get some information out of them.
So many Scars...
But we have to do this.
Hey, you're Terada.
You really did betray us, huh?
You're Ishihara, a Scar from the 4th Division.
What a rude accusation!
I was acting as a spy and gathering information.
I can give you the information you need on the enemy.
In return, let me join HQ's operation.
Terada-san!
How could you?
This is a nightmare!
Did you actually think you had a chance because there were three of you?
Never forget that the Ultimate 5 and mere mortals are like night and day.
We're almost there. If we keep going straight...
Wait, stop!
Something doesn't feel right up ahead...
There's something there.
What is it?
Here it comes!
Hello, Scars.
I thought you were sewer rats since you were scuttling around down here.
How unsightly.
Let's end this here.
There's a crowd.
There's gonna be even more casualties, but I'll just have to blend in and lose him.
Whoa, that's amazing.
Who is that guy? A pro wrestler?
Hey, don't push!
He's sorta scary.
No way...
That can't be...
It's Tsubomi-chan!
If something were to happen to Tsubomi-chan,
Shigeo would erase me!
I have to stop him!
Full-power barrier!
Huh?
He hit so hard that my possession came undone?
What the hell? A home run out of the park?!
Wake up, Shigeo! Wake up!
Why did Kageyama come falling from the sky?
Maybe someone was trying a long throw.
I wonder who he is.
Those are some impressive muscles.
Were you the one who threw Kageyama?
Kageyama is a member of our club.
Whoever you are, I request that you take your leave.
Captain!
You bastard! Who the hell do you think you are?!
I'll show you how much stronger I've gotten!
Demon Rush!
Now it's our turn!
Fight!
Onigawara!
No way!
With just one arm?!
I don't know what you have against him,
but he doesn't deserve to have you step on his head!
Say, Kageyama...
That's right. You've worked so hard.
No matter how many times you've passed out from anemia...
No matter how many times you've stumbled...
You've always been running right behind us.
Just seeing you like that...
That's not going to break because of something like this!
I won't let you have Kageyama!
That's Shigeo's senior for you.
This guy's ripped!
Here we go! Unleashed!
Muscle Usage 100
What the hell are you so surprised about?
Muscles built using psychic powers don't stand a chance
against muscles built by training diligently every day.
This guy is way out of your league!
Shigeo was right.
Captain!
You're so awesome, Captain!
Is that what they call an adrenaline rush?!
All that training paid off!
I-I did that?
We need to celebrate your growth!
Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
Shit! That guy's getting up again!
You can't be serious!
What should we do, Captain?!
Actually... I haven't been able to raise my arms for a while...
I probably won't be able to do that again.
Here he comes!
Kageyama!
Everyone from the club?
Oh, whoops.
I guess I was sleeping.
Make sure you don't fall asleep outdoors again, Kageyama.
Sorry about that.
Dimple, what's going on right now?
We're finally here.
Just you wait, Dad!
I spilled a seed and lost sight of it
I'll find it using the color it's dyed in and watch it grow
It immediately returned to the palm of my hand
But it's still too light and too frail to reach for the skies
The world coldly drains away all the heat
The bright sunshine just isn't enough
The memories are closing off what lies ahead
Shake off their warmth and set off into the distance
If I let it wither, it'd be over just like that
But my hope just doesn't fade away
After waking up, Mob heads for Seasoning Cultural Tower.
But he finds himself up against Minegishi from the Ultimate 5!
Leave the strongest of the Ultimate 5, Shimazaki, to me!
Guidance Psychic Sensor.
Guidance Psychic Sensor
Option B, the serious course, involves buying the Blu-rays and the manga volumes.
