Lady Marrine. Word is that Lord Alexis has been attacked.
What did you say?
However, he apparently suffered no injuries, and is now safe.
That so?
The details are still unclear,
but it seems he was caught in the crosshairs of some Union in-fighting.
So it wasn't the people behind my father's assassination?
Alexis!
Why now, after the incident in the Great Hall?
Lord Alexis has expressed his desire to speak with you, no matter what it takes.
Why don't you consider hearing him out?
Father's assassination was a premeditated plot.
Those who were against our marriage triggered that tragedy.
My lady...
We were never meant to be together, that's all!
I see.
To plot an assassination is a bold move for Lord Pederico.
Still...
Just as I suspected, the marquis is still in love with Marrine, eh?
It did seem that way.
Do you two know how the marquis and Marrine first met?
No.
All I've heard is that they met while studying in Eramu.
Right. That's where they fell in love, six years ago.
What's going on?
There's a man sitting in the middle of the road.
Judging by his outfit, I'd say the son of a Lord.
This is a public carriage road. Kindly abstain from such reckless behavior.
The cobblestones used to pave this road are so very beautiful.
Reflecting the sunlight, sparkling and lovely!
My name is Alexis.
My name is Marrine.
I've known the word love.
But after seeing you, for the first time, I now know what it means!
Is that your favorite pick-up line?
My lady, a letter has arrived for you.
Is it from that young man again?
- Please put it away. - Very well.
Perhaps you could read just one, and decline his advances in a letter?
I suppose.
Right now, I am enveloped in the joy of discovering what love is.
That is what moves me. Tonight, I will deliver flowers to you.
Tonight?
Does that mean a messenger will be arriving shortly?
Are those roses?
Last night, Lord Alexis appeared, saying he'd come to bring you flowers,
and then suddenly started lining up those stones.
I see.
Well, he's a bit odd, but interesting, yes?
Do you think I'll need to thank him for this?
Lord Alexis often attends soirees where the sons of Lords gather, I'm told.
Well, well! You're a new face here.
Your hair is lovely.
Your hips are so slender, I'm dying to put my arms around them!
Would you mind not touching me?
I have no interest in you whatsoever.
H-How dare you!
Let's stop.
Alexis?
This young lady doesn't want your attention.
You mustn't try to force yourself on her.
Listen, you! Stay out of my business!
Lord Alexis!
How do you feel?
Am I dreaming, perhaps?
This isn't a dream.
Your wound must hurt.
Now that we've met again, I'm certain.
You're Jalucia's Prince of the Sun, Alexis, aren't you?
And I know who you are, too.
But still, why did you come to this soiree?
You gave me such lovely flowers, so I wanted to thank you.
You knew about my family, so why did you fall in love with me?
In Eramu, family names mean nothing.
When I met you, my heart skipped a beat,
and I realized it was love.
That's all there is to it.
But you and I are enemies who can never be united.
That may be true, but I can't resist a heart that now knows love.
I could sense how you felt just by reading your letters.
It was like reading the script of a romantic play!
But... it's a play that will end in tragedy.
This is my thanks for the flowers.
It's my first kiss ever.
Not that you have to treasure it...
Let's end this right now, as I have no intention of seeing you again.
If that's what you want...
But I will never forget you.
Because all that you are is now inscribed in my soul.
I thought we were heading to Lord Darcy's mansion?
My lady, please look outside.
Let's do it again, one last time! Ready?
Okay!
Three, two...
Twinkle, twinkle, little star...
How I wonder what you are...
What were you thinking?
I am prepared to be rebuked.
Up above the world so high...
It's just... I could no longer bear seeing you so crushed.
Like a diamond in the sky...
I'd call that unsolicited concern!
We're not very far from where Lord Alexis lives.
Twinkle, twinkle, little star...
How I wonder what you are...
He's been known to come here by foot, and interact with the children like that.
Right! Well done!
All right, everyone, now take your silver coins, and head on home.
Okay!
- Here. - Thanks!
Here.
Is that his idea of interacting?
Bye, Alexis!
You do realize that you'll lead the Union one day?
And yet here you are, handing out silver coins to children.
Perhaps it gives you satisfaction...
But if you start giving charity to some, there will inequity.
And it will gradually undermine your sovereignty.
You may be right about that.
But I don't see what I'm doing as charity.
At first, they only did it for the money I gave them.
But that's not how it is now.
Now they look forward to singing together.
What do you mean?
Charity is the act of giving money or things, nothing more.
The recipient may feel gratitude, but there's no joy.
For someone to live in bliss, their heart must be filled.
But that is not a Lord's duty.
I don't see it that way.
Rather, I think it to be the most important thing of all.
If a sovereign has forgotten that, he'll eventually bring his people grief.
That's not possible.
That's...
Even if attaining that ideal is an arduous path,
as long as you keep pursuing it, you can certainly get closer!
Why is it you're able to say that with such conviction?
Because those children smile when they're with me now.
A sovereign who fills people's hearts...
I've made up my mind.
What have you decided?
I'll be your queen.
It seems I have fallen in love with you as well, so it can't be helped.
I don't know how long it will take.
But I promise to come for you.
So don't ever have a change of heart, and wait for me.
Marrine!
Of course I'll wait for you! And I would never have a change of heart!
Because no one but you can fill my heart!
That's what I know of how their romance began.
I would've been against a political marriage.
But if they truly love one another, they should be together.
No matter who they are.
Then we agree, Pederico Rossini's penalty will be expulsion from the Union?
No objection!
All right, next on the agenda is Lord Dawson's proposal.
I find the Earl of Altirk's actions to be highly questionable!
Since you took it upon yourself to go to war against the Factory Alliance,
a truce no longer looks likely, and the Union is in crisis!
I see.
Regarding the circumstances behind that battle,
I'll have my vassal, Theo Cornaro, explain it all to you.
Huh?
Right.
I've repeatedly sought the allegiance of Lord Pavel of Starck,
but have yet to receive an answer. What's the meaning of this?
Allegiance cannot be for form's sake. There must also be an emotional connection.
It is not something so easily pledged.
Meaning he can't recognize someone of my caliber as his master?
What he means is that he cannot at this time.
Should you show him that you are equipped to lead the Alliance,
my Lord will feel assured.
So he's telling me to first prove that I'm equipped?
If you're seeking my Lord's allegiance at this time, that's what he wishes you to do.
That is all.
The crucial point is that the battle Theo set off wasn't against the Alliance.
Banishing a Lord who'd run afoul of the court rank system,
and seizing his court rank and lands was a justified action.
Isn't that right, mages in attendance?
And then, it was the Alliance who launched an attack on Theo Cornaro.
Surely you aren't suggesting he not fight back under enemy attack?
Announcing himself as a member of the Union while surrounded by Alliance forces...
It's no wonder he was attacked.
In other words,
it's no wonder my Altirk came under Alliance attack, doesn't it?
I never said that!
Stop twisting my words!
Lord Dawson, please calm yourself.
I admit that it was the Alliance who set off the battle.
But if you hadn't lent a helping hand,
our relationship with the Alliance wouldn't have soured.
Until the moment Waldlind intervened, that might've been the case...
But Waldlind rejected Theo Cornaro when he sought to join the Alliance,
and sent their knights after him.
That's the reason why he requested my aid.
You should've just ignored him!
It was your arbitrary decision which set off that battle with the Alliance!
- That's right! - Don't try to rationalize it!
I should've just ignored him?
I love the Fantasia Union, which prizes freedom and peace.
For that reason, I want to protect anyone who joins the Union.
If any one of you here came under attack, I guarantee that I will come to your aid.
By the way, the small, neutral continent of Bredland,
is about to be attacked by the Sea King Erik.
Considering the Union as a whole...
I couldn't agree more.
Should we be denounced for having protected Sievis, now part of the Union?
My astute fellow Lords, please consider the overall interests of the Union.
This is the clincher.
Now this conference is under Sir Villar's control.
I now know where you all stand.
We, the Fantasia Union, will confront the Factory Alliance with military might.
Does everyone agree?
Yes, I see no problem.
No objection.
No objection...
Personally, I'd rather not go to war with the Alliance.
Of course, I'll comply with today's decision.
However, there's one thing I'd like to propose, if I may.
I only became your leader because my father was an Archduke.
And now I think we should choose the man who's best-suited to lead the Union.
Now that we've decided to take on the Alliance in battle,
I believe no one is more suited to be leader of the Union than the Earl of Altirk.
And if the Earl of Altirk does become our leader,
I intend to be the first to offer my services to him.
Is this the birth of Archduke Villar Constance?
No.
I lose this time.
What do you mean by that?
It's obvious.
Although I'm honored by your endorsement, Lord Alexis,
I respectfully decline.
And that's because...
I doubt my grandfather, Jurgen Kreische, would want to see his grandchildren fighting.
That's right...
It was Jurgen Kreische, the Blood-and-Iron Earl, who founded the Factory Alliance.
The Fantasia Union was created to counter it.
And half of the blood running in Lord Villar's veins is Kreische blood.
I believe that the Marquis of Jalucia is the best man to lead the Union, after all.
No objection!
And since we've chosen the Marquis of Jalucia as our leader,
I believe we should pursue peace talks with the Alliance.
The Alliance will never accept peace.
They'll bolster their forces, and we'll soon be under attack, without fail!
Are you sure you still want to proceed?
Sir, are you going to defy the will of our leader?
I haven't acknowledged this yet.
Then would you like to become leader yourself?
All right, once again, does anyone object to peace?
No objections!
The Union has squandered a golden opportunity to destroy the Alliance.
This time around, Waldlind is sure to attack the Union with their pride at stake.
Will Altirk be able to withstand it?
A messenger from the Union has proposed peace.
What did you say?
First Sievis, and if that wasn't enough they seize Forbes and Clovis,
and now they seek peace?
I don't blame you for being angry,
but the Union wishes to follow the agenda agreed upon before the Great Hall Tragedy.
The agenda under which I'd marry the Marquis of Jalucia,
uniting the families of the two Archdukes?
Yes.
That seems to be the will of Alexis Doucet, leader of the Union.
I want you to tell Gerhart to prepare for battle with Starck.
He likely has no intention of serving me.
I'll be taking part as well.
We'll use the conquest of Starck as a foothold to invade Altirk.
Understood.
Goodbye, Alexis...
THE CONGRESS DANCES
EPISODE 9: THE BLACK PRINCESS
