Burnt Field (Part 1)
Um...
Uh...
I mean, what in the...
KISHOU CHAMPIONSHIP Various Receptions Planned
The Babbling Stream Inn Seiryuuen
It's even worse than the previous one. I mean...
Ladies' plan includes spa services and lunch course
The pair of Eastern shogi princes present demonstration board commentary
Why do we have a close-up?
The pair of eastern shogi princes?
KISHOU CHAMPIONSHIP
I don't know about those oval frames around you two.
It's like photos of students who were absent on the day of the graduation album class photo.
Well, they kept taking photo after photo.
But then it had this We're always watching you from Heaven vibe.
So you tried it, then.
It's difficult raising funds for the Kishou Championship.
I asked Nakamura, the general manager of the Shogi Association, to come up with a design.
but without spending any money, it's a tall order.
Yeah, I thought it'd be easy.
Designing is tough after all.
That's strange. I was in the PC Club when I was in college.
His initial enthusiasm had been so dampened that the chairman lost it.
SHOGI HALL
That's enough! It's fine!
STRICT BUDGET
NEW IDEAS
In fact, why don't we showcase their feebleness?
We can have a stationary camera
Time Remaining Heart Rate
that displays their EKG and heart rate along with the time remaining in the match!
And we can have a nurse standing by in the next room!
Like, If either one of them collapses, there's nothing to worry about!
Toku! Enough already!
That kind of mockery is too cruel!
PROPOSALS
This might be a relatively small-scale event, but it's one of seven prestigious major titles!
GAP
The Kishou Championship is my life!
We have support from five papers, but they're all small local newspapers so the budget was cut.
SPONSORS STRICT BUDGET
ANNOUNCEMENTS NEW IDEAS
This is a tight period! Surely you understand that!
GAP
69th Meijin Championship
Even at the best of times, it overlaps with the Meijin Championship, so business is slow!
Surpass the Legend
If we lose even more spectators and attention,
from next year, the Kishou Championship...
GLARE
SHOGI HALL
A five-minute walk from Tokyo JR Sendagaya Station
So I appreciate your help.
Whether or not next year's Kishou Championship will be held entirely
at the Shogi Hall depends on you guys.
So don't hold anything back. Give a lively commentary.
These two are providing the demo board commentary.
GULP
HEAVY RESPONSIBILITY
VARIOUS RECEPTION PLANNER
But it really helped that you came.
Really.
Of course I'll do my best with the demo board commentary!
But what's with all the gratitude, Brother?
You'll find out soon.
Hey!
Kan! Long time no see!
How've you been?
Kaku! Yasu! It's been a long time!
How are you doing?
Hey, Saku!
Kishou Yanagihara! Long time no see.
TO THE BRIM
Well, here's our third pre-toast!
Ready?!
Cheers!
BAM
I'm thrilled to see all of you again this year.
Thank you, everyone!
ROWDY ROWDY
Hey, Saku!
Wh-What is this?
A devious person.
This formidable home game feeling at the Kishou Championship.
Most of the reporters and staffers here are like Mr. Yanagihara's pals.
The Kishou Championship challenger is stuck with this awful away game feeling.
HUG
I missed you, Saku!
Hey, don't be such an old goat. I missed you too!
Geez, during this title championship,
whether I take a bath, go to the salon for coffee, or have a meal,
it's always this atmosphere.
Of course it's the same on the train going both ways.
No matter where I go, I hear a chorus of voices.
The old man is shrewd that way.
He makes himself the center of attention.
He's 66 years old, and an active Class A player.
He's won the title 14 times.
A true monster.
Or after getting this far, maybe more on the level of a vengeful ghost.
An extra-large one.
But in this fifth Kishou Championship match, I've cornered him, 2-2.
From the City of Shogi, Tendou, Let's Get a Master!
I want it. I'll bite into anything I can.
My first title!
I swear I'll take it.
And with apologies to the old man, I'm going to end his reunions!
By the way, where's Gan?
I don't see Gan.
R-Right.
Gan is here, but...
What? Is he ill?
S-Saku!
What are you doing here? You got your match eve party.
I got an unofficial notice, telling me to take early retirement.
So I left the newspaper at the end of May.
Well, in a nutshell, I was laid off.
I didn't want to cast a damper
on the festivities the night before your important title match with my story of economic woe.
Sorry, Saku.
But Saku...
when I think about how you're still fighting,
I just couldn't sit still.
You were lugging around that huge camera day and night for years.
You've done your best and then some.
Gan, shouldn't you relax and enjoy the rest of your life?
That's what my wife said. My daughter, too.
But I'm scared.
Without my work, what's left for me?
I'm scared, Saku.
I feel like...
I'm in a burnt field.
I'm telling you, we should use this diagram!
No, it's too confusing, Nikaidou!
It's better to put them up side-by-side and explain!
FIRM FIRM
We were told to keep it lively, remember?
UNYIELDING UNYIELDING
Kiriyama, it'll go over better if we explain with pictures!
23RD CHILDREN'S SHOGI TOURNAMENT
This brings me back.
I participated in the Kids' Lion King Tournament too.
And now we coach it.
Hey, Saku. Where should I put up the tsume-shogi problems?
If the kids get bored, hang them up front.
Saku, I'm...
being demoted.
My old man collapsed.
I'm moving back to the countryside.
I'm going to retire and focus on coaching kids.
Saku, it's frustrating...
but I'm going to look for another path.
Saku, please...
Keep fighting for us.
We'll always, always be cheering you on.
These days, wherever I go, I'm always the oldest one.
How long has it been like that?
Mr. Yanagihara is amazing.
He's a monster. The guy's 66 years old.
And still Class A. How can that be?
How long is he going to keep at it?
Somewhere along the line, the people who have been fighting alongside me
have disappeared, first one and then another.
All that's left now...
is this old body...
and these innumerable sashes...
that have been entrusted to me.
They sure are heavy.
Burnt Field (Part 1)
Burnt Field (Part 2)
Well, Kishou Yanagihara, you're the eldest active Class A player.
How long do you think you'll be able to maintain your rank?
If you were demoted, would you think about retiring?
Saku, please...
Keep going for our sake!
I couldn't make my dream come true, but you can do it!
I know. I know.
The people who are departing...
don't feel like they're putting a curse on me.
I'm scared.
I'm scared, Saku.
I feel like I'm standing in a burnt field.
But there are nights where...
it feels like I'll get tangled in the hundreds of sashes I've been entrusted with.
INTERNAL MEDICINE/ EXTERNAL MEDICINE
Blood pressure medicine, stomach medicine...
Cataract medicine...
What else?
Ow...
Although I'm sure the effect won't last to the climax of the match.
All right.
Guess I'd better get going.
SEIRYUUEN
So there's Kishou Yanagihara,
the eldest Class A player with his seemingly-permanent title on the line
and Shimada 8th-Dan, a hardworking player going for his first title.
Who will win?
Whoever wins, it'll make for a bitter article.
Quiet. Shimada 8th-Dan is here.
GOOD LUCK, KAI
I want to take it.
More than anything.
No matter what...
And it is now time to begin.
Kishou Yanagihara, please make the first move.
Let's have a good game.
Black, Kishou Yanagihara, Pawn to 7-6.
White, Shimada 8th-Dan, Pawn to 8-4.
Pawn to 1-6 in his third move?
An edge pawn?
What's he up to?
But...
I won't let him throw me.
He's staying on the edge?
Advancing like that?
He's pushing on even more, with Pawn to 1-5?
That's so cool!
Awesome! I've seen this before!
In a manga!
M-Manga? What manga?
What a monster...
Are you saying you'll give up two moves in exchange for my bishop?
You want to do a One-Loss Bishop Exchange?
But I refuse.
I'll gratefully accept your two pieces,
but I won't let you take control.
Bishop to 2-2, promoted.
The Bishop Exchange Fourth File Rook on the fifth move, a difficult strategy in itself,
marked the beginning of this battle.
Is Kishou Yanagihara inviting him to a bout of brute strength?
The opening moves don't matter. If I make this a hard fight, I'll have the upper hand.
Does it come from that confidence?
No. In response to Mr. Shimada's Pawn to 3-5,
he took almost no time exchanging the 8-6 Pawn with the Rook,
so I think up to that point he's already studied these moves.
And plus...
this is the first time I've seen this formation.
I've never seen anything like it.
They both persevered.
They both had years and years of accumulated skill and experience.
Mr. Shimada stubbornly persisted in resisting...
Kishou Yanagihara's exploratory moves.
DRAGON KING
LANCE
The match approached its final stage.
The scales continued...
to tip back and forth, unrelentingly.
SILVER GENERAL
GOLD GENERAL
And then evening came.
He made a move.
Gold to 5-8.
Gold to 5-8!
Oh, then Shimada 8th-Dan...
With that move, he's gained a major advantage!
Kishou... Kishou Yanagihara...
How long do you think you can remain in Class A?
Would you think about retiring if you were demoted from Class A?
What do you think about the up-and-coming youngsters?
I'm scared.
Without my work, what's left for me?
I'm scared, Saku.
I hear you, Gan.
I'm always thinking the same thing.
But I still don't have an answer.
However, if you're standing in a burnt field,
I'm still...
burning.
Well, shall we go?
Winning and even losing
aren't things that can ever be decided so easily.
I'll become a human torch again today
and give full rein to my suffering.
Burnt Field (Part 2)
Next Episode Preview
Episode 40
Mr. Yanagihara is looking beyond...
He's strong!
Active eldest player, no way!
He took the damage with the bishop he just stole!
Was that okay?
If shogi is taken away from me, what will be left?
ILLUSTRATION: YUU ITOU
Mr. Shimada is on the offense right now.
What will Mr. Yanagihara's next move be?
