Flowing Away
SHOGI HALL
Meijin Touji Souya The Challenge to a Beautiful Future
The 43rd Newcomer Tournament Commemorative Match 2008 Newcomer King, Rei Kiriyama 5th-Dan
What is this? What is this poster?
What is this? Why is the design so cool?
It's on really nice paper, and it looks like the letters are popping off the page.
It's just a commemorative battle between the Newcomer King and a Meijin, right?
Parts of it have like a matte finish and other parts of it are shiny...
A special manufacturing process?
What is this? Why are they making incredible posters like these?
JAB
Yo! Did you notice?
Cool, right?
You guys have some expert eyes.
I hired a designer to do it! I told him to make it cool.
I even splurged on the printing.
I don't want to hear it, Toku!
I mean, our posters look like that!
33rd Kishou Championship
Only necessary information included
PLAIN...
When was that photo taken? What occasion was it originally used for?
The picture is kind of grainy!
Tell me!
NERVOUS NERVOUS
And... how can I put this?
This poster wasn't professionally printed, but made by the Association, wasn't it?
NERVOUS NERVOUS
And not only that, how should I say this, the photo of the hotel venue is strangely,
no, definitely way bigger than we are!
EEEK
That's awful!
How can you treat us like this just because Kiriyama and Souya are a bit younger and cuter?
My eternal Kishou Championship title is on the line!
ETERNAL
Not to mention, that poster is kind of small!
What do you want me to do?
We're in a recession and barely scraping by because of lack of sponsors!
And besides, what was that first match?
Fans won't come, and the players' match is as shaky as their broken-down bodies!
Can't say anything back...
VIDEO REPLAY
Old man, one step away from pneumonia
Chronic gastritis (about to become a stomach ulcer)
CREAK CREAK
CREAK CREAK CREAK
COUGH GLOUGH COUGH
The Sickly Showdown
What was that game between two invalids? Your bodies are too weak!
On top of that, it was an unsightly psychological battle.
Sh-Shimada, is the head of your King looking a bit thin?
Your King. It isn't getting a bit thin on top?
CREAK CREAK CREAK
It is not thin.
That's how I like it.
What was that? What kind of battle?!
Full of coughing and grinding teeth and abusive language!
In recent years, playing quietly was the norm!
When is your shogi from? The Showa period? Are you guys from the 80s?!
WHISPER
People watching them live on the net were having a blast, though.
Demo Board Commentator
VIDEO REPLAY
It was an at-home feel with not many people, so that actually made it really exciting.
Whoa! Shimada 8th-Dan moves his Silver to 5-1 left.
ON THE NET
Kishou Championship Second Match
Huh? Silver to 5-1 left?
DOUBLE TAKE
Silver to 5-1 left? Why would he do that?
Just between you and me, I have a feeling that's going to cost him the game.
Seriously? Silver to 5-1 left?
There are so few people in the demo board room that everyone's sitting in a circle...
Oh yeah! That's no good!
That is a lousy move, isn't it?
Ugh!
If you don't like it, then get your health back and some sponsors, too!
Support: Morisen Publishing Morioka Bookstore Hanamaki Electronics Etc.
BA-BAM
Look at this! See how popular Souya and Kiriyama are?
Damn it, Shimada! It's your fault!
If Gakuto were the challenger, this place would be packed with female fans!
I'll be waiting for you.
Kishou Championship Spectator Bus Tour, including a lunch party with both players
It's my fault? What?
SHOGI HALL
True, we both have lousy health and that game was somewhat appalling,
but however you get there, a win is a win.
And I won!
Not only that...
I'm going to win the next one too.
I won't let anyone take the Kishou title away from me.
It's my life!
Mr. Yanagihara.
Souya is putting everything into the Meijin Battle, so the other tournaments become empty.
This is the one title I'm hanging on to, even if it kills me!
Farewell, gentlemen!
You didn't have to be that blunt!
Go home, get a good night's sleep, and let your body rest!
I wasted my time thinking you were cool!
Well, you two can keep going at it like that.
SOUYA AND KIRIYAMA POSTERS
I'm going to get people psyched for this high-profile match, Souya versus Kiriyama.
But Chairman,
please go easy on them.
I think neither Souya nor Kiriyama are comfortable being the center of attention.
I know. I've known Souya for a long time too. So I know that about him.
I'm not going to kill the golden goose.
I see. Kiriyama...
So you're facing Souya...
at last.
Hey, Kiriyama. There you are.
Incredible concentration.
He can't even hear me.
The precious game record!
Hey, Kiriyama.
Oh, Mr. Hayashida.
That commemorative match is in Morioka, right? Are you ready for it?
Yes. There's really nothing to prepare for.
Are you going to wear a kimono?
No, the chairman said my school uniform was okay.
Are you nervous?
Yes.
But for some reason, it doesn't feel real to me.
Oh, that's right! Mr. Hayashida...
I see.
So it's been resolved.
Yes.
It's like the air around her is totally different.
Kind of like a light, airy feeling.
She said there's nothing to worry about anymore.
She's let all of her muscles relax and can just rest easy.
It makes me think about just how much she suffered all that time.
That's great, Kiriyama.
No, Mr. Hayashida, I...
In the end, I wasn't any help at all.
Did you tell her that?
Yes.
And what did she say?
What? Um...
She said, That's not true, didn't she?
Yes.
What, but, how did you know?
It's easy to figure out.
I've been listening to you this whole time.
So I know you were doing everything you could to help her
and that she's a girl with a good head on her shoulders who understands all kinds of things.
Results are important,
but it's not results that reach people, Kiriyama.
The world doesn't revolve around results.
Good luck with the commemorative match.
Thank you.
I had to attend a party on the eve of the match, so I met up with people from newspapers
and the Association that afternoon.
We took a bullet train there.
Meijin Souya was sitting some seats away from me.
His profile face with his eyes closed.
No sound came from that profile,
just like the bottom of a lake.
Stillness and a violent storm...
That was the beginning of four days I never could have imagined.
Flowing Away
White Storm (Part 1)
I-It's a much bigger hotel than I had pictured.
LINED UP
Hi! Thanks. I appreciate the hospitality.
We've been waiting for you. Here, let me take your bag.
Great. This is one of the stars of the show, Kiriyama 5th-Dan.
Take care of him!
BA-BAAM
Well then, why don't we go to our rooms first?
What is this?
GOSHO LAKE
This is your room, Kiriyama.
SPACIOUS
Isn't the Gosho Lake pretty?
SLAP
Well, you've got free time until the reception at 7:00.
So relax!
SHOVE
BA-BAAAM
All of the baths run from a hot spring source,
but we're going to take a dip in the hot spring itself.
Want to come with, Kiriyama?
Also, this. The program for tonight's reception.
Take a glance at it.
Well, let's meet in the lobby at 6:00.
UMINO EGG
ALONE...
GLANCE GLANCE
The room is so spacious, fancy, and quiet that he can't relax...
Hot spring... hot spring?
A hot spring, huh?
Come to think of it, I guess I've never been in one.
SILENCE...
Doesn't have the courage to go to the bigger baths with everyone...
Modern Kid... (Has never been in a bath with someone else...)
Um, the program...
First, the chairman greets everyone.
Then the flower presentation, guests' address, sponsor speeches,
a toast from the president of the sponsoring newspaper...
Huh?
Players' address, QA session with the players,
photo session with the players, players' signing...
The reception that night was a lavish affair,
overflowing with people,
with lots of flash bulbs going off,
and lots of speeches being made.
I see. It takes a lot of stamina and will power to make it through these things.
I've been bowing so much that I feel dizzy.
I can't think of anything to say.
Is this kind of thing run-of-the-mill for him?
Has he been standing alone in this world all this time?
When he's surrounded by all of these unfamiliar people
and steeling himself, I want to support him so he's not worn out before the first match.
Nikaidou...
You always had an idea of what was going on.
More than me.
Don't try to act cool, Kiriyama!
If you really want to win, then persevere!
Take better care of your shogi, and yourself!
If he hadn't said that to me,
I'm sure I wouldn't be standing here right now.
And next to him.
I wanted to find out what was on the other side of the storm,
but I realized how unprepared I was
to ask that question when I saw his profile.
And I also realized
that I had never even entered a storm before.
This is your first match with Meijin Souya, isn't it?
How do you feel? What kind of battle would you like to have?
Um...
The expressions it's an honor and I'll return blow for blow
popped into my head, but what I understood was not that, so I couldn't speak properly.
It would take playing against him several times
before I could get a sense of the distance between us.
That's how far away he was.
I-I want to concentrate as I play so the match isn't over as soon as it's begun.
The next question is for Meijin Souya.
Could you say a few words about Kiriyama 5th-Dan?
I saw his game records from the Newcomer Tournament,
and I could tell he's really studying hard.
I like how even so, he has a flexible playing style.
How do you think the match will go tomorrow?
This will be our first match together, so I'd like to see what kind of flow we can create.
H-He's so good at this.
Ah, yes, yes.
GLOW...
Well said, Meijin Souya. You've got a way with words.
Meijin Souya, you've been participating in championship matches all year,
so how are you holding up physically?
I've been coming to Iwate for a number of championship matches,
but I'd also like to visit someday without playing a match.
M-Meijin Souya. Could he be out of it?
I don't think that answer really matches the question...
U-Um... Okay, one more.
All right, thank you.
Excuse me.
I-I'm sorry!
Oh no! Your suit!
Meijin Souya, are you all right?
Mr. Souya, um, your clothes...
Yes. I believe many people from here in Morioka will come tomorrow,
so I would like to do my best
to have a great match with Kiriyama 5th-Dan that everyone will enjoy.
Everyone who was there held their breath.
No matter how different someone is, if they're strong, your path is justified.
Oh, what are you doing, Souya?
What? Drenched in red wine?
I take my eyes off of you for one minute and this happens!
You absent-minded general!
Come with me! You need to get that off!
What are you going to do for the match tomorrow?
That's the only suit you brought, right? Sheesh!
Red wine?
I'll do what I can with the stain right away, but I don't know if it'll come out.
Souya, it's on your shirt and tie too!
After he left, everyone let out their held breath.
And then someone muttered a few words.
That's a shogi demon.
He's barely holding on to his human form.
Then, the morning of the match came.
Meijin Souya!
Huh? Traditional Japanese clothes...
That morning,
an unseasonable typhoon
went from the sea around Amami Ooshima and made landfall in Kagoshima.
And then
the news said that the typhoon
was slowly moving north, as if it was licking the Japanese archipelago.
White Storm (Part 1)
Next Episode Preview
Episode 37
He reminds me of a bird.
Starting right now, I have to cross paths with him.
This white bird with huge wings...
Let's have a good game.
ILLUSTRATION: TETSUO HARA
Toku, I'll take another picture you can use for a poster,
so next time make me look cool, okay?
