Impossible... The Chancellor is one of those monsters?
Orders, ma'am? What about the attack?
We haven't received instructions. Wait.
Wait! Stop!
What are you doing? Fire your cannon!
Look at that live feed! Something weird is going on!
- What live feed? - Switch your drones to standby mode!
The enemy's withdrawing?
This is bad... What is the Council going to do about this?
L-Let go of His Excellency!
Stand down! This is not someone who deserves your oath of loyalty!
- It's war! - What about those students, then?
- It's Dorssian soldiers who are doing this! - Like you can believe anything Dorssia says.
If the Chancellor himself is one of these hazardous organisms,
how can anything Dorssia does be trusted?
I don't believe it...
How much of what he said is true?
- We did it! - Not much fun, is it, you Dorssian bastards!
This will turn the tide!
This also spells the end of the Dorssia-ARUS alliance, doesn't it?
Can we... go back to school?
Of course!
Though that all depends on what stance ARUS takes after this.
Things look bad for Dorssia. They're looking at a civil war at this rate.
We staked it all on one roll of the dice, and that turned the tables!
We did it! We did it, Yamada!
It's fast!
- What the? - What's going on?
You lowly Valvrave knockoff...
Akira-chan!
Cain, Pino is in there!
Plu. I'm going to fulfill my promise to you now.
What's going on? Things were just getting good!
According to reports we've just received, the scene we just witnessed
was doctored by Class 7 Special Hazard Organisms.
So it was all a ploy by those students? Or rather, those monsters?
- What the hell, it was fake?! - See, what did I tell you?
- Boy, what a relief! - So those students are the only monsters, then?
How could this have happened?!
They probably leaned on the media behind the scenes.
This quickly?!
This means that we can't just slug it out with these people.
Give them doctored footage to analyze and have them lend credence to the story.
For the time being, the situation appears to be quieting down.
Magiuses are in their shadows, and all is right with the world.
The Council of 101 is composed of the world's most influential people.
How many incidents and accidents do you think we have arranged over the centuries?
It's powerful... This is Unit 2?
Cain! This is for H-neun!
Now it makes sense. L-elf's infiltration was your handiwork, wasn't it?
They're fighting each other? Did L-elf set this up?
Don't! Stay back, Akira-chan!
But...
You can't do anything, not with damage like that!
X-eins, don't go too far ahead by yourself!
Wow, you're turning traitor too, Highness...
Q-vier!
Valvraves and now the Perfection Army... It's a veritable feast today!
Thank goodness you're all right, Mr. President!
At present, ARUS forces are keeping their distance from the Valvrave battle.
Assemble all staff officers aboard my flagship!
All forces are to cease hostilities until we reach a decision!
It can do things that are that different from ours?
I can still fight! This is no time to be stingy!
I can still fight! I can fight!
This pilot is more competent than before, but still...
Stop this, Q-vier! Cain killed H-neun!
So what if he did? Killing a traitor is a good thing!
Hear me out!
Death to traitors. That's what we swore, remember?
Though I'm just happy to get the chance to fight someone tough!
Cain!
You'll pay!
You betrayed H-neun! And my heart!
Sacrificing oneself for one's friends is noble. I don't begrudge you that.
At point blank...
It'll be worth dying if I can take you with me!
An attack you staked your life on. Brilliantly played, X-eins.
I'll give you a readiness evaluation of A.
H-neun,
even at a time like this, I know you'd be cracking wise...
Haruto Tokishima!
Someone like you, who only recently began combat training, can't defeat Cain!
Maybe not, but I have to try!
My point is, I will fight with you.
I have reasons to defeat him that surpass even yours.
So use me.
Oh, right! Body-jack you!
Between my body, which has had combat techniques drilled into it by him, and your curse...
We can do it together!
All right, let's wrap this up, shall we?
That speed and that precise sword technique... Is that you, L-elf?
We're still alive!
We won't be silenced by you!
You know, Haruto, when I heard that your memories were disappearing,
I was actually looking forward to it a little.
I mean, who can compete against a childhood friend?
If you lost your memories, I'd be on an even footing with her.
I'm a horrible person, aren't I?
The JIORan Module is moving!
A Valvrave! There's more left!
Q-vier!
Cannon fire has been forbidden!
Don't forget that VIPs from our own country are inside!
Two Kirschbaums are en route. Lieutenants A-drei and Q-vier!
A-drei... I can't offer you any direct support.
I know that Haruto will choose Shoko,
but I promised myself that I wouldn't give up.
Hostilities have been suspended!
I'll deal with you after I take out that Valvrave!
So that's why he'd been using a Waffe's shield...
That's my A-drei... I knew you'd be tough!
Q-vier...
I knew you'd be the best... You're so cool...
You understand nothing.
The Council of 101 is no evil secret society.
We are champions of justice who safeguard the peace of the world.
You're saying the Council is the good guys?!
It was humans who attacked us first!
We desired only coexistence, but humanity feared and attacked us.
Legends of supernatural monsters around the world are a chronicle of Magius suffering!
It is for that reason that we, over the course of many years,
made deals with the world's leading figures.
We Magiuses have lived in secret so as not to arouse the fear of humanity.
And in return...
It is only because of the Council system that humanity has been kept safe from fear and chaos!
In short, the ones who threaten the peace and order of the world
are you people and your Valvraves!
That's your excuse?!
Was what we did right?
You saw it! You saw how Haruto Tokishima didn't die!
I did. But I didn't see him killing your father, Iori.
Let's go find out.
Ma'am, are you okay?
A teacher can't sit idly by at time like this.
Find out? Find out how?
We'll talk. That's all.
The thing about the truth is, you'll never know what it is unless you come out and ask.
Stop it, big brother! I don't hate this human!
I can't do that! He's one of the people who locked us up in these machines
to try to use us as a power source!
No! We're leaking Runes!
Can't we... win against him?
We walked hand in hand with history, were hurt, and came to a realization.
A system where there could be no conflict between us meant living separately
Very well, let's put an end to this.
I'll eliminate you two and reclaim our peace!
We're coming, Pino!
You're wrong!
What's that?
You had considered trying to live together with humanity, too?
But you gave up because you had been hurt.
You built up a wall of lies so neither would hurt the other.
He was my friend even after he lost his guiding light,
he picked himself up to make her dream a reality!
And the girl that I love, even after losing her father,
even though he was the prime minister, she kept on fighting!
Its power is increasing?
For all our friends who haven't given up even after being hurt again and again,
we can't lose to you!
A coup?!
Now, of all times?
In seven locations that we know of.
They're breaking out simultaneously all across Dorssian territory.
We Royalists have long awaited the right time to take action.
Regardless of the veracity of the information brought to us by the boy named L-elf,
it provides sufficient pretext.
Yes, Excellency. This is a golden opportunity for the Royalists to rise up and turn the tables.
- What's the Council of 101? - Looks like a list of those monsters.
- Check this out! - Hey, that's the president of the Winkers Company!
What in the world is this?
This is a hoax!
Perhaps, but some of it is true!
It is not a problem. We will deal with it.
New information, sir!
The president of the Global Bank has been taken into custody!
Preposterous! He isn't a member of the Council!
They're being whipped into a frenzy by some made-up stories?!
Targets have been apprehended.
Was it wise to trust that list, sir?
Our only option is to take action now! Before the monsters can band together!
If we play this right, we might be able to get rid of the Magiuses.
We don't want a future that was given up on and closed off from the very beginning!
I mean...
You stupid boy who knows nothing of history!
I'll do it!
Plu!
It's all over!
Cain! Cain!
Plu...
Haruto Tokishima!
We've done it! We've won!
Haruto? Is that my name?
He used up all his Runes.
I don't understand any of this.
Where am I?
Who are you?
You don't remember? Anything at all?
Not even our pact?
Our fight on the Moon?
Sorry.
You and I, we...
You know me, don't you?
You know who I am?
Yes, you're...
You are my friend.
Imperial Calendar, year 0.
This would later be known as the year the Third Galactic Empire began,
but it goes without saying that we never could have imagined that at the time.
Afterwards, pandemonium broke out across the world.
Seeing monsters everywhere, people sought out Magiuses all over the world,
and eventually, neither the Council of 101 nor the existence of Magiuses could remain hidden.
- They found the Magiuses! - They're for real this time, right?
I think it was because the world had become too connected for secrets to be kept.
Shoko-chan cried her eyes out. For what seemed like forever.
After a while, she went back to being her usual self.
But every once in a while...
In any case, we found ourselves a place to call home.
Our Galactic Empire started from such a tiny country?
Historical beginnings are often surprisingly humble.
T-There's an emergency!
There's an intruder in the Memorial Core! It's thought to be lifeform 53s!
What were you expecting, a secret weapon?
These are the statues of the heroes we call The First Knights.
People who were dear to me who died one by one when we founded this country.
Let's try to be friends.
I won't pretend that that will suddenly solve everything.
But if we do, we'll be able to take all our pain and joy and go halfsies!
