120 minutes after the operation began.
Everywhere I look, all I can see are Wulgaru!
Black 6, are you all right?
I'm just starting to get pumped up!
I'm gonna have a blast taking out all of these bogeys!
Black 6, don't lose sight of the goal.
Our mission is to launch our markers into the gate.
Gosh darn it! If we knew this was gonna happen,
we shoulda gone with them!
The three units in the vanguard have been completely surrounded!
The enemy is composed of two fleets,
but the number of ships is double what we normally see!
Notify all fleets!
Excluding Star Rose's Escort Force,
everyone is to offer Team Rabbits their utmost support straightaway!
This isn't going according to plan at all...
I never dreamed this might happen.
As soon as we enter range, commence fire!
Roger!
I'm sure you must be worried about Asagi and the others,
but you can't run out after them.
That's why the captain wanted to
keep you somewhere she could keep an eye on you.
That's right!
I want to go out and help, but I'm staying here, too!
I know.
I have every intention of fulfilling my own mission!
It's just...
Don't you think this is a bit much?
Izuru, you have a past record of going against orders, so...
Operation: Heaven's Gate
30 minutes before the operation.
After analyzing the data that Team Doberman retrieved,
we deduced that the gate's energy control system is located here.
Our mission's ultimate goal is to destroy this control system.
If we do, the gate will destroy itself.
Team Rabbits, your mission is to
approach the gate without drawing the Wulgaru's attention
and fire these target markers into the control system.
All of Earth's forces will
use your target markers as a guide for where to fire.
Blue 1, Rose 3 and Black 6.
Purple 2 will serve as a mid-fielder and Gold 4 will
offer support from the rear.
All units will be equipped with the target markers.
In the end, I don't care who tries to shoot one into the control system.
Once you make a direct hit, Team Rabbits' mission will be over.
We've been assigned a critical role...
If we fail, they won't be able to destroy the gate.
Once we fire the marker,
I suspect the enemy fleets will come out after us.
I should think so.
Earth's fleets will be quick to engage in battle,
so pull away from the gate as quickly as possible.
As you're already aware, Red 5 can't participate in this operation.
Asagi will be the leader.
Understood.
Team Rabbits, blast off!
Big Brother, fight!
Fight!
The Straggle Laser is entering position preparatory to fire.
Energy circuits, connected!
It's currently advancing toward the first stage.
After we destroy the gate, there is no saying what may happen.
But if everything goes according to plan,
casualties will be at a minimum.
Really, it all rests on how my brother responds.
Are you referring to Pleguzes Jiart?
He discovered that Lady Teoria has allied herself with Earth.
We are unable to predict his next move.
I am prepared to face my brother,
although I do not know if I am capable of stopping him...
I can see something! Is that the gate?
Ma'am, look!
Something just came out!
Did they lay an ambush?!
No, it doesn't look like they're in a battle formation.
We probably bumped into them right as they were setting out!
What are they doing here?!
My, my! Did they come to vandalize our gate?
I'll have to torture them to the fullest.
Everywhere I look, all I can see are Wulgaru!
Black 6, are you all right?
I'm just starting to get pumped up!
I'm gonna have a blast taking out all of these bogeys!
We have to get near that gate somehow!
How the heck is somehow?!
I'm on fire!
I'm on fire! I'm friggin' on fire!
Team Rabbits has crossed the half line.
Remaining distance to the gate: 50.
However, due to the enemy's current interference,
their progress has decelerated tremendously.
This encounter was like getting thrown a curve ball...
But I suppose we're lucky that we took them by surprise.
Gold 4, support the forward three units with long-distance sniper shots!
Purple 2, send the enemy fleets' coordinates to Gold 4.
Kei, also include the order of priority!
Roger! Sent!
Wow, most impressive!
Asagi, Tamaki, Ange, you just sit tight!
That's Gold 4 lending us a hand!
Suruga's pretty good!
The enemy's formation is falling apart!
Now is our chance to split up!
Got it!
Let's go!
We have to succeed, no matter what!
For Izuru and for Earth!
Purple 2, Gold 4, advance with Earth's fleets!
Roger!
It would appear that fleets from
several of the economic powers are trailing behind.
Are they trying to conserve their forces at a time like this?
Ignore the lagging fleets and proceed forward.
They won't be able to remain quiet once we
start to inflict damage on the enemy fleets!
Fire!
The fleets in the rear have begun to advance.
They won't want to explain why they have zero
accomplishments once the operation is over.
Continue the bombardment!
If Team Rabbits doesn't reach the gate, Earth is finished!
Amazing! It looks like a fireworks display.
All of Earth's forces are working to help us.
I'd say the Fail Five have gone up in the world.
A whole bunch of them just showed up!
I'll draw their attention!
I want you to head for the gate.
That unit's here!
That's the one that took out Patrick!
I wonder if that blue unit is tasty.
What are you doing?!
This defeats the whole point of me being the decoy!
My, would you like to dance with me?
Tamaki, come back!
I will help Tamaki from here.
Continue toward the gate!
Got it.
Tamaki, don't do anything crazy.
Lutiel's fleet is beginning to fall apart.
They are going to break our defenses!
Curse you, Lutiel!
It is not yet time for you to fight!
Tighten the formation!
Force the Earthlings back!
Break the enemy fleets into groups!
Focus your fire on the weak points in their formations.
Launch the carrier-based units! Protect Blue 1!
Don't let him near the gate!
Not on my watch!
We have received orders from King Galkie.
He says to assist both Dolgana and Lutiel's fleets.
Apparently the Earthlings have
invested their remaining forces in this battle.
Sir, so it would seem.
Inform me when my lamata makes an appearance.
I will leave the fleet in your hands until then.
Prince Jiart, are you not going to sortie?
Small fry may contend with the small fry.
Very well.
We shall have a private party of our own, my lamata!
The Straggle Laser is currently in its second stage preparation to fire.
Energy charged at 80.
It will be ready to fire momentarily.
Blue 1 is exploiting openings in the enemy's fleets
to head toward the gate.
He has already passed the quarter line,
so he has a fourth of the way to go.
How is the battle progressing?
I would have a hard time saying that things looks favorable.
The Earthlings are certainly dominating.
However, if they cannot reach the gate,
all will have been for naught.
Rose 3 is throwing the enemy's formation into disarray.
Blue 1 is approaching the gate by himself!
Increase fire! We can't afford to let them die!
A mid-range gun battle, huh?
This feels like a boxing match, doesn't it?
As in whoever stops moving first gets pummeled?
Delivery! I've brought rice balls for everyone!
It's the lunch lady...
Shion, you decided to stay, too?
They needed the extra help.
Everyone has to do whatever they can!
Yeah, but still, a delivery...?
Is this really the time for that?
Eat while you still can.
I imagine we won't have time for food before much longer.
I'd like something low on calories...
Okay. I made a healthy set
with pickled plums, natto, and sake lee pickles.
Uh, well, I don't really like natto...
I'll take that!
Do you have anything with foie gras?
I'll take the sake lee pickles!
Okay! I'll hand them out to everyone.
Great! I appreciate it.
Izuru, you have a job of your own to do.
Th-that's right!
Here is your tea!
Thank you.
Here!
Thanks.
Here! Here!
Danke schon.
We should all go hang out when this is over.
Yeah! Oomph!
This is Gold 4! I need more artillery.
Please send me some additional weapons.
Do we have any backup weapons?
Rather than mount whatever we have lying around,
let's link our ship's Weapons Control System directly to Gold 4.
It'll be quicker that way.
Let's split Godinion in half
and use the front half's Battle Module as a moving fortress.
It's programmed to handle situations just like this!
Got it.
Detach the Godinion's front Battle Module and
entrust Gold 4 with the Weapons Control System!
Roger!
Asagi...
Everyone, fight!
Whoo boy! It's okay if I cut loose with this?!
It'll be more efficient if you link with Purple 2's control system
than if we tried to manage it from here.
I'm currently synchronizing with his Artillery Control System.
Resetting the range of my radar.
Tamaki has engaged in combat.
She's up against...
Is that why Tamaki is so bent on goin' after that unit?
But she's upsetting the enemy's formation in the process.
It looks like the enemy is trying to protect that unit.
Maybe some big shot is piloting it.
Tamaki will never give up.
If we play our cards right,
we can throw the enemy into even more chaos.
Cool!
I'm on it!
Aw, jeez! All you do is run around and around!
Do you think you stand a chance if that's the fastest you can go?
This dance is over.
Tamaki, now is your chance!
Got it!
That attack was hardly beautiful.
You are taking this too far.
Focus on defending the gate.
I'll leave that to you.
I just managed to find a fascinating lamata.
I take it you mean to defy King Galkie's will?
I suppose I'd best go.
Wait!
Blue 1 will reach the finish line momentarily.
You can do it! You're almost there!
I wonder if you will show me a good time.
Tamaki was just fighting this unit a minute ago...
She couldn't be...!
He dodged?!
I won't let you get away!
Tamaki, Ange! You're okay?
Blue 1, I'll deal with this unit.
Now hurry toward the gate!
Roger that!
Did you think that together the two of you could stall me?
Damn it!
You were fairly beautiful.
Direct hit!
Anticipated movement will be in the 225 direction.
They're trying to snipe me?
Pickled squid guts power!
I really couldn't call that beautiful...
Serves ya-
The mission isn't over yet.
The enemy fleets are converging over there. Hurry!
Let's go!
Go to Hell!
Move it! Move! Move! Move!
Go! Go, Blue 1!
Blue 1 is approaching the finish line!
The enemy is gathering to intercept.
All ships, advance while continuing to fire!
Asagi...
The Straggle Laser's energy is fully charged.
It's ready to fire at any time.
Link the command sight to Blue 1's target marker.
Fire at full power the second the marker makes contact.
Asagi!
Show'em who's boss, Asagi!
Go, Asagi! Don't screw this up!
Blue 1 has reached the finish line!
He will enter firing range momentarily.
You can do it, Asagi.
Asagi...
Big Brother, fight!
Fight!
Go!
We've caught the marker's signal.
Fire!
The energy we fired has vanished!
The attack has been rendered ineffective.
The gate appears to be undamaged.
What?!
No...
Asagi...
The Straggle Laser's shot is complete.
What happened...?
It appears they have developed a high-energy barrier.
The enemy fleets appear to have taken damage.
I never knew the gate had such a thing...!
However, the gate itself is completely unharmed.
A great many years have passed since we left the Wulgaru.
Straggle Laser, all systems are normal.
We should have expected them to
We will hereby begin recharging the laser.
change the system to some degree or another...
What does it mean if there is a high-energy barrier?
I suspect that it will render all energy-based weapons ineffective.
We know that the marker hit its target.
Regular artillery should still work on it.
All of the ships have been equipped with missiles,
but who is to say whether that will be
enough to destroy something this massive?
The attack didn't work?!
Damn it all to hell!
Why not? Hey, why not?
You gave me a fright, but it's all over now.
Crap! We're completely surrounded.
Arlea Yakuta Esto
