Passing the Night
Ever since I was a baby, there was a shogi board in front of me.
I grew up in a northeastern village that had a lot of snow.
There were more cows and roosters than people.
And of those people, most were senior citizens.
There weren't any other children my own age.
There weren't even enough kids to play baseball or soccer.
So I grew up not playing them.
For pastimes, I could catch bugs by myself, play video games, or read books.
But one winter day, after I did all of those things,
a few old men from the neighborhood taught me how to play shogi.
This is the king.
And this is the Gold General.
Silver General.
Rook.
Bishop.
For video games, manga, and novels, the end always came quickly.
But with shogi, there was never an end, no matter how far I went.
It captivated me to no end.
I lost again!
By second grade, I was beating the adults in the village.
By third grade, I would regularly take a bumpy bus ride
to a small shogi training hall in the city.
Even there, I climbed up the ranks.
- I lost. - Wow.
This kid is amazing.
Shogi Hall
My teacher from the training hall introduced me to Mr. Ohuchi.
I became his student and joined the Tokyo association.
For a middle-schooler like me, Tokyo was far away.
In order to get funds for transportation to the association twice a month,
I would pick apples or peaches in the village,
help harvest rice in the fall,
and take care of cows in the winter.
Kai is amazing.
Maybe we can finally have a master from our village.
The old men of the village truly supported me.
Thanks to my hard-earned wages and the encouragement of the old men
and the local shogi club members,
I continued going to the association.
While being jolted by the overnight bus...
From that time, my stomach has been like this.
Just like everyone said, the 3rd-dan league was a den of wolves.
I was stuck there for years.
The brat who was a genius back home
was just one more brat in Tokyo.
Tokyo-Bound Highway Bus Stop
Even so, the old men of the village never stopped encouraging me.
The seat of the overnight bus would creak and squeak.
The road at night went on forever.
Eventually, I couldn't tell whether the creaking was the seat, my stomach, or my heart.
I would have nightmares of riding on and on, but never getting anywhere.
Still, I just couldn't let everyone's faith in me go to waste.
I didn't want to.
I'm probably still carrying...
that same pain now.
Excuse me.
Hey, Kiriyama.
Oh, it's okay. Don't get up.
I bought some random things, so I'll put them in your refrigerator.
- Sorry for the trouble. - No, not at all.
Maru S
I'm on spring break.
Have you had lunch?
Well, I had some tofu.
I bought some udon noodles. Can I use your stove?
They're easy on the stomach if you make them really soft.
Oh, in that case, I might be able to eat them. Thanks.
My father often suffered from stomach pains, so I kind of remember.
Just give me a moment.
Huh?
Mr. Kouda gets stomach pains?
Do you mind if I put an egg in there?
Not him.
Oh, sure. Please.
I see. He meant his real father.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, this is good.
I think I can eat this. Yeah.
I'm glad.
Um, Mr. Shimada, I'll be going home now.
What, why?
Your fourth match is in five days.
Right now, I think you should focus on getting better, health-wise.
If you overdo it here...
Yeah, but I'll be all right. My stomach is always like this.
Surprisingly, it never hurts during a match.
Really?
Yeah. But that being said, this time...
I am in a pinch.
I don't often like to make sealed moves,
but during the natural flow of the game,
Sealed Move Envelope
a move came up in which I thought, This is a good one,
Shimada Souya
so I made that my sealed move,
but in the middle of the night...
4-f-Bishop?
Not 6-f-Silver, but same, Silver!
6-e-Pawn takes that Silver, 5-e-Rook takes 6-e-Lance!
I thought that's how I'd go, but I overlooked 4-f-Bishop!
That's not good!
He'll have me checkmated before lunch!
After that, it was just...
Struggle Struggle Flail Flail
I was racking my brain, trying to think of a way I could still stick it out.
And my stomach was going bang bang!
I was writhing until morning, and then...
Huh? What did I want to say again?
Huh?
Yes, this is why I'm telling you that you need to rest.
Yeah. I see. You're right.
Got it. So...
I'll go with a static rook. Would you go with a ranging rook?
You're not listening to me at all, are you?
Um...
Are you okay with this?
Am I being useful to you at all?
Am I the only one here who's benefiting?
I'm C-1 and you're Rank A, so I'm learning a lot by playing against you, Mr. Shimada.
But am I giving you anything in return?
You say the same things sometimes.
Remember?
You said, It's disturbing.
Um... How can I put it?
It's disturbing... or like...
When Souya saw that 3-g-Silver, he said the same thing in the waiting room.
That 3-g-Silver is disturbing.
So, you two are kind of similar.
It's not anything in particular,
if anything, maybe I'd say it's your viewpoints.
Of course, you're both all-rounders,
and your flexibility in switching between offense and defense,
and the timing of your judgment when pressed for an answer.
So when you're sitting across from me and playing as you like,
it feels a little like I've captured the feeling of a viewpoint similar to Souya's.
It's probably just a stopgap, but it's better than doing nothing.
What's Master Souya like?
Oh, that's right.
When you have that many titles, you don't really show up at the Shogi Hall.
Maybe to sign certificates.
So, let's see...
He reminds me of a bird.
A bird?
Yes. Quiet, white, and gentle, like an egret or crane.
One of those thin big birds.
You know The Tortoise and the Hare, right?
He's higher than the hare.
Not a hare, but a bird.
When I look at Souya, I feel like a tortoise or a bug crawling on the ground.
I'm not belittling myself. That's just the image I see.
What stumps me is the hare self-destructs by being overconfident,
but Souya...
even though he is someone who is labeled as a genius, he doesn't slack off.
No matter how high he climbs, he never relaxes and is never overconfident.
That's why I can't reduce the distance.
No matter how far I go.
I would always just watch.
I watched as Souya, the same age as me, blew in and out of the association like a wind.
I watched as he became a professional and quickly ascended the ranks.
But just because the distance between us isnt decreasing,
thats no reason for me to stop trying to progress.
Just because it's obvious that I couldn't get ahead of him
is not an excuse for me to not make an effort.
Mr. Shimada?
We should go see a doctor. Please, let me take you to one.
No, I'm fine. I already go to the doctor.
But Mr. Shimada...
I've got plenty of medicine, too.
I've been living with stomach pain since my teens, you know.
It's part of my daily life now.
I sure hate it though.
My innards are the only thing I can't train to be stronger.
Sorry, Kiriyama, could you get me some water?
Sure.
Sorry for summoning you here when I'm like this.
Please, stop with that.
I don't mind at all.
All right. Will you hang out with me for a little longer?
I won the right to challenge him.
I just don't want it to come to a pathetic end, no matter what.
That would be inexcusable.
After all, they've still got it hanging up
at my local train station, even today.
What makes it worse is I'm the only one.
I'm the only Rank B or higher from Yamagata.
That's why I have to do this.
From the City of Shogi, Tendou, Let's Get a Master!
No matter what, I just can't let that banner hang there and become stained.
Passing the Night
Kyoto (Part 1)
And, there.
Nozomi 15 will be departing at 8:05.
Here's a blanket.
And if you'd like some warm tea...
I'll put it in the front pocket.
Sorry for the trouble, Kiriyama.
It'll take just over two hours.
I'll wake you up when we arrive, so please get some sleep.
Thanks, I'm counting on you.
Sure.
From then...
It's already do-or-die
Straight losses... That's the one thing I don't want.
I continued practicing with him, even in that state.
I'll go with you.
I can't let you go alone.
Alright.
However...
looking at Mr. Shimada's pale sleeping face,
I had the feeling I should have refused everything
and make him rest more.
I couldn't help but feel uneasy and regretful.
Kyoto, this is Kyoto.
Let's see, where's the taxi stand?
On the right. Towards Kyoto Tower.
Okay.
- To Kyoto Hotel Number Two, please. - Sure.
There he is!
Hey, Shimada!
Hey, Kiriyama. Glad you could make it.
Chairman, sorry to make you worry about me.
Your stomach again? Man, you've always been a weakling.
Am I right?
Sorry.
They can't do stomach transplants these days?
At this rate, you'll never be able to win a title.
Chairman, please don't say crazy things!
Oh well. Get some rest in your room until the reception.
Hey! Show them to the room.
I'll come back when it becomes time.
I put water, tea, and your phone next to the pillow.
If you need anything, please call me right away.
You kind of sound like my mother.
Sorry! Am I being annoying?
No, no. Not at all.
Thank you.
All right. Now what should I do?
I know.
I'll get a book and something to drink at a convenience store.
You surprise me, Kiriyama.
I took you for more of a cool, modern kid.
20th Lion King Tournament Seven Match Battle Fourth Match in Kyoto, Tournament Eve Reception
You bringing Shimada here was a big help.
Well, now I've got to fetch Souya.
He hasn't come yet.
He's probably underestimating it since he lives in the neighborhood.
Neighborhood?
Yeah. He lives here, by Ginkaku-ji.
An incredible place like that? Isn't it in the middle of a tourist spot?
Nah. It's really quiet.
Is there anyone else at his home who you could call?
Nobody picks up.
He's living with his grandma now, and she's a bit hard of hearing.
I guess I'll just go over there.
Wow. Kyoto, huh?
I haven't been here since the class trip in middle school.
Maybe Hina and her sisters would like it if I brought back souvenirs for them.
Hey, where's Kiriyama?
I don't know. It's fine, right? This is our free time.
- So he's free to do what he wants. - Good point.
Checkmate Within 5 7 Turns Handbook
Guess I'll just head back.
There's no place that I especially want to go.
And that night...
the pre-match reception for the fourth game of the Lion King Tournament began.
Mr. Shimada was surrounded by everyone and answered their questions with a smile.
But he hasn't really eaten since last night.
Even though he was in pain just now.
You can't do this. If it keeps up until tomorrow, it'll be for nothing.
I'm painfully aware of that.
The most important job is showing everyone a good match.
But another important duty is standing before the people who prepared this place for us.
I understand that. I understand, but...
Every time there was a camera flash, I felt a pain in my chest.
Mr. Shimada...
I had the feeling that each flash
caused a burning sensation in Mr. Shimada's stomach.
They're talking to each other?
Mr. Shimada?
We're leaving, but quietly.
Why all of a sudden? Is it okay?
It's fine. I believe I carried out my duty.
He wanted to help me, and said, Leave the rest to me.
Yo! Good job working the crowd.
Sorry, but I'd like to turn in early to be ready for tomorrow.
No problem, no problem.
If you just slip out, no one will notice.
Besides, everyone came here to see
So-u-ya!
So don't worry about it.
Chairman!
Hey!
I know, right?
Well, as long as I greet everyone, the rest is pretty much always a Souya photo shoot.
I know. You've never really stood out too much.
Or stood much at all...
Chairman... Chairman, please, enough... Really, I think that's enough...
He really does piss me off.
The way his skin is so shiny, or how fluffy he is...
Heeheehee
I know, right? Even though you're the same age.
If anything, you and Gotou seem like the same age.
Oh, that's right, Kiriyama.
I asked Smith to help you with a room, so go talk to him.
He's here as a substitute observer.
It's okay. I can go to an internet cafe.
Idiot, you're not going to some cafe.
Listen. Smith is in the hall, so go find him.
Okay, goodnight.
- Have a good night! - See you.
Even at a time like this, you're worrying about other people!
Things like that, no wonder his stomach hurts.
Well this is troublesome. I was about to enjoy some luxurious me time.
I'm sorry! I'll just go to a net cafe! I'm fine!
Don't take me so seriously. I was kidding, so don't be a pain.
Hey!
Incoming Call
Hold on a second.
Yes, hello?
Yeah, how are things over there?
Me? I was thinking about turning in.
Yeah. Yeah.
And how is it over there? Feeling lonely without me around? No problems?
What? Is that right? A healthy appetite, too? Devoured it all, huh?
What was that voice just now?
S-Strawberry?
How can you make that voice at someone else like that?
Thump-Thump-Thump
Is that his girlfriend?
And she's with someone else? A love triangle?
Is it okay for me to be here?
Lap? On your lap?!
What does that mean?! She hates when I hold her and never sits on my lap!
Gloom
U-Um... Mr. Smith?
Fwooo
Ah, my kitten... just, ouch.
Kiriyama... I'm going out for a drink.
Can I take the key?
Ah, my kitten...
S-See you later...
And as if nothing had happened,
the night turned to dawn, and the curtain rose
on the Lion King Tournament's fourth match.
It is now 9:00, so Lion King Souya, please make the first move.
Let's have a good game.
Mr. Shimada, were you able to sleep some last night?
He looks grim.
Is his stomach still bothering him?
What should I have done?
Should I have refused to practice and forced him to relax?
Regret as I might, the curtain of battle had been cut and dropped.
It was too late for anyone to reach their hand out.
Kyoto (Part 1)
Next Episode Preview
Episode 20
What, so suddenly? But it starts in 10 minutes!
It'll be fine! Fine!
S-Sorry! I did try to contact you, but...
I would've flown there if I hadn't had a match, too.
I even bought new formal wear, too!
Let me be on TV!
The Lion King Tournament, Mr. Shimada's battle still continues!
Looks like I have to go over and make more udon noodles.
Please watch the next episode of March Comes in Like a Lion, too.
