I'm Katsuki Yuri, a figure skater representing Japan
who's in the middle of the Grand Prix Series' Cup of China!
I ended the short program in first place after scoring a personal high score!
I'm now within reach of my first victory in a Grand Prix Series event!
Congratulations, Yuri.
We got really fired up!
That was the hottest performance ever!
Keep it up in your free program!
Yuri, that was awesome!
Awesome, awesome!
Good luck!
China's On! The Grand Prix Series Opening Event!!
Seventh Skate China's On! The Grand Prix Series Opening Event!! The Cup of China Free Skate
The Cup of China Free Skate.
Yuri, you haven't slept, have you?
I-I-I did! A little bit, anyway.
Nap until this evening's event starts.
It'll be fine.
I always slept in until the last minute before competitions, too.
Victor! Did you set an alarm?!
We're at the third event of the Grand Prix Series, the Cup of China.
The men's singles free skate is about to start!
Huh? It won't open.
Yuri, were you unable to take a nap?
Huh?
I did nap! I did!
I forbid you from doing jumps in the six-minute warm-up.
Huh?!
That's an order from your coach, Yuri.
Now, in the second half of the event,
Group 2 is taking the ice.
If he flubs a jump during the warm-up,
he may lose even more confidence, and it'd negatively impact his free skate.
Yuri gets nervous easily.
Let's hope skater Katsuki is all right.
He looks rather glum after the warm-up.
Oh, my.
That face...
We've seen that face often.
Well, it's common for skaters to nail something they flubbed during practice!
I'm sorry...
Well, just continue warming up, nice and easy.
Guang-Hong, keep it together.
You have the perfect program that we prepared just for today!
Guang-Hong!
Become China's hero!
First up is Guang-Hong Ji, China's young ace, age 17.
He's in sixth place after the short program.
His music is The Inferno from the movie Shanghai Blade.
His theme this year is bonds and violence.
I went with this music because my coach pushed it so hard,
but how does skating as an underworld assassin help me become a hero?
Oh! It looks like he over-rotated,
but that's another quadruple toe loop, following the one in his short program!
I've been living in Shanghai's seamy underbelly,
but this is my last job.
With my trusty sword, I can handle it just fine on my own!
A triple axel, single loop, and a triple Salchow.
All right. It's going even better than it did during the warm-up.
He's nailed all his jumps in the first half!
Will he grab a ticket to the Grand Prix Final in his very first Grand Prix series?
There will be more jumps in the second half.
A triple flip, followed by a triple toe loop...
He fell!
Guess I won't be catching up with a flawless performance to place first.
A triple loop, followed by a double loop.
He's back on track!
How did the story go from here?
The protagonist infiltrates the enemy lair and fights his way to the top,
where the boss awaits.
He is reunited with longtime allies.
Now that the pressure's off, there's opportunity!
Here comes the step sequence.
What speed! It's like watching a car chase!
He's taking us right to the climax.
The protagonist has a duel with the enemy organization's boss.
His allies are hunted by the organization.
The last jump is a double axel.
Success!
My Grand Prix Series will end here,
but the Four Continents and the Worlds are still waiting for me.
I'll raise the technical difficulty of my programs and claw my way to the podium!
I'm not the kind of man who'd die in a ditch here!
Guang-Hong Ji, enveloped in loud applause!
Guang-Hong Ji's combined score
RK: 1 Guang-Hong Ji Total
is 248.69. He's currently in first place.
I'm going to quit all social media to practice!
Chris, like I keep saying, just go at your own pace.
Right.
Chris!
Next, in fifth after the short program,
Christophe Giacometti, representing Switzerland, age 25.
His music is Rapsodie Espagnole.
An error in the short program caused his technical score
to fall below that of China's Guang-Hong Ji,
but his presentation score went well above to place him fifth.
In his free skate, he has prepared three quads in the first half.
The first jump is his signature move, the high-difficulty quadruple Lutz!
Success!
He's far from where he was at the European Championships,
but he's still in competitive mode after the short program.
That's unusual.
Next up is a quadruple Salchow.
Next is his triple axel, single loop, triple Salchow combination.
Take off in front of that ad.
And...
There!
He nailed the jump combination!
Yuri, let's warm up in a different spot.
What's the place with the fewest people?
I'm the only one who can skate exactly the way I want.
I thought Victor was the same as me, living for life on the ice.
Quadruple Salchow, double toe loop.
That was a perfect landing!
It's not like you to leave the ice and find someone you want to protect, Victor.
We met ten years ago,
when you'd won the European Championships
and I'd just debuted in the senior division.
Victor! Congrats!
What's your name?
Christophe Giacometti!
Okay.
Chris,
see you at the Worlds.
Yeah!
Yuri can't surpass you.
I'll win this season!
And I'll bring Victor back to the ice!
A triple axel.
He landed his last jump!
The next time you come to stand by me,
I believe I'll be the one standing in the middle.
I think I'm gonna come again...
Th-That was perfect!
RK: 1 Christophe Giacometti Total
His total after the short program is 283.81.
Bravo!
He leads Guang-Hong Ji by a huge margin,
Merci!
taking first place!
Victor, what are the current standings?
O-Okay, Yuri.
First, let's take deep breaths.
Thailand's Phichit Chulanont, age 20.
His music is Terra Incognita from The King and the Skater II.
A triple axel!
Yeah!
I'm going to become Thailand's future!
The audience has been in love with Phichit since his short program yesterday.
Unlike Yuri, he has tremendous innate flair.
The loud cheers speak to the high expectations we have for Phichit Chulanont.
Coming up next is a triple Lutz.
Chris and Yuri are always ahead of me,
with their two quads and higher ratings on their five components.
With only one quad under my belt,
the only way I can stay ahead is to put all my quads in the second half for more points!
I'm the one who'll advance to the Grand Prix Final!
This expressive footwork is also one of his unique qualities as a Thai skater.
Here come the jumps in the second half, the first quad...
A quadruple toe loop!
Success!
Until very recently, I bet no one thought a Thai skater
would land a quad at a Grand Prix series event.
I've always believed in myself, though!
Quadruple toe loop, followed by a double toe loop!
He landed the second quad, too!
Bravo!
It's something only I can do, not copying anyone else.
The only remaining jumps are a triple flip, single loop, double flip combination.
He nailed it!
All his jumps were flawless!
Figure skating history in Thailand...
no, in Asia...
is being rewritten before our eyes
by 20-year-old Phichit Chulanont!
Okay.
Don't listen!
In his first event, Skate America, Chulanont finished fourth.
In his second event, the Cup of China, will he score his first victory?
If so, he'll be on the cusp of becoming the first Thai skater
to advance to the Grand Prix Final!
Oh! His total score is 285.76!
He took the lead over Giacometti!
Yeah!
Well done, student.
This is his season's top score, of course!
Please root for me in the Grand Prix Final!
Hey, you don't know if you'll make it yet.
Oh, right.
I won Skate America.
That's right!
I ended yesterday's short program in third.
Well done!
Of everyone here, I'm the closest to the Grand Prix Final!
That's right!
Representing the United States, Leo de la Iglesia, age 19.
I understand how you might be affected by other skaters' standings
if you were younger.
But why is Yuri so nervous?
How can I motivate Yuri?
I have no idea.
V-Victor?
It's almost time.
We need to get back.
Skaters' hearts are as fragile as glass.
If their hearts are so fragile...
Yuri.
Huh?
Let's try shattering his into pieces.
If you mess up this free skate and miss the podium,
I'll take responsibility by resigning as your coach.
Why would you say something like that, like you're trying to test me?
It shattered!
Uh, sorry, Yuri.
I wasn't being serious
I'm used to being blamed for my own failures!
But this time, I'm anxious because my mistakes would reflect on you, too!
I've been wondering if you secretly want to quit!
Of course I don't.
I know!
I'm not good with people crying in front of me.
I don't know what I should do.
Should I just kiss you or something?
No!
Just have more faith than I do that I'll win!
You don't have to say anything. Just stand by me!
RK: 6 Leo de la Iglesia Total
Leo de la Iglesia from the United States
Leo, you're an artist.
is currently in sixth after his free skate.
Your prayer reached the world.
Yeah.
I'll work hard in the US Nationals.
Next on the ice is Georgi Popovich, age 27, representing Russia.
His music is A Tale of the Sleeping Prince.
Anya, where are you?
Why are you leaving me behind?
I love you so much!
Here's a quadruple Salchow, triple toe loop combination.
His theme for this season is heartbreak.
He said he hopes people will notice
his new range of artistic expression in his performance.
Sorry I cast an eternal curse on you, my princess.
I'm sure you've been waiting for your prince's kiss all this time.
Here comes a triple loop.
Let's go.
Anya?
Anya, don't run away!
I'm the one who'll protect you!
No!
Anya, it can't be true!
I refuse to believe it!
Next up is a quadruple Salchow.
He fell!
Wake up!
Of all my students, you've been the most receptive to my instructions.
That was one of your weaknesses, as well.
But this program realizes all the things Victor lacks as a skater.
Skate with more confidence!
Next is a triple flip.
Great!
He carries himself with such dignity!
Please wake me up.
I can hear your voice, Anya.
No matter what happens, I will kiss you.
I promise to save you.
I'll always be your ally.
That's why I promise to save you.
I'll save you right now.
You're not alone.
Victor, how does it feel to watch me from where you're standing now?
From now on, it's my time to shine!
Oops, I forgot to watch the free skate.
I wonder if Yuri-kun's okay.
Don't his eyes look red?
You're right!
I wonder if something happened between him and Victor.
You don't have to say anything.
Just have more faith than I do that I'll win!
I should have asked Yakov what to do as a coach in situations like this.
Georgi Popovich's total score is 252.44.
RK: 3 Georgi Popovich Total
He's currently in third place.
I must take this program
to the next level before the Russian Nationals.
There's a lot to work on.
We now have our last skater on the ice,
Katsuki Yuri from Japan, in first place after the short program.
If your student's trying to console you,
you still have a long way to go as a coach, Vitya.
His music is Yuri on Ice.
I feel a lot better after crying.
Victor's expression when I started to cry was priceless.
Why is he smiling?
I've cried after a match before,
but that's the first time before a match.
Um, so the first jump...
A quadruple toe loop, double toe loop combination.
Quadruple... Double.
Better than I expected.
His first quad was a success.
In this free skate, Katsuki Yuri plans to do three quads of two different types.
He's unusually relaxed today.
Victor's too inexperienced as a coach.
It's not like my mental weakness started just now.
He should be prepared for this much.
Stupid Victor!
A quadruple Salchow.
Oh, I made it.
Perfect, Yuri!
His theme for this season is love.
Love Katsuki Yuri
Now that I know what love is and am stronger for it,
I'll prove it to myself with a Grand Prix Final gold medal!
Katsuki Yuri made an emphatic declaration at the press conference.
A triple loop.
Beautiful.
Next is one of his favorites, the triple axel.
Oops, he touched down!
I might have messed up on controlling the jump's speed.
It went pretty well, despite not doing it during warm-up.
Next up is a triple flip.
Oh, I wonder how Victor would react
if I made the last quad a flip instead of a toe loop.
Coming next is a triple axel, single loop, triple Salchow combination.
He over-rotated that one.
I over-rotated, but I'm not as tired as I should be, given I haven't slept.
A triple Lutz, triple toe loop combination.
Even in the second half, he's not showing any sign of fatigue.
Moving on to the step sequence.
I want to become stronger...
I can become stronger.
I can surpass Victor's wildest imagination!
He's planned a quadruple toe loop for his final jump.
I-It's a quadruple flip!
He fell, but there appeared to be enough rotations!
The quadruple flip was a signature move of Victor Nikiforov, his coach.
Not even Nikiforov ever did a jump this difficult
at the end of a program, when fatigue would be at its peak!
Here's a man who'll go above and beyond our expectations,
Katsuki Yuri!
Huh? Huh?
Was that a flip?
Is he crying?
Is he mad?
Which is it?
Victor!
I did great, right?
This was the only thing I could think of
to surprise you more than you've surprised me.
Really?
In the Cup of China, Phichit-kun won his first gold,
and I kept Chris in check to win silver.
Now that Yuri can do a quadruple flip,
he'll definitely win at the Rostelecom Cup
and advance to the Grand Prix Final.
I'm looking forward to going to Russia as his coach.
Did you hear that?
I'll make you into borscht in Moscow,
you pig bastard!
To Be Continued!!!
Say the name of the Moscow airport we're heading to ten times, Yuri.
Sheremetyevo, Sheremetyevo, Sheremetyevo, Sheremetyevo, Shere...
Next time, Eighth Skate: Yuri vs. Yuri.
The Horror!! Rostelecom Cup, Short Program.
Eighth Skate Yuri vs. Yuri The Horror!! Rostelecom Cup, Short Program
One step from the Grand Prix Final!
From Russia with love.
