Act 9 Serious Bomber
Oh, our lord's carriage.
Come back safely!
It's Elf. Please look, princess, it's Elf!
Why the heck do you have to come with me?!
Hmph!
Oh my, princess, it's not fair for you to have them all to yourself.
Share with us, wouldn't you?
-By the way, princess... -Huh?
They'll likely to attempt to free the Dwarves there.
However, their security is very tight as it is the largest armory in Orte.
I wonder...
We have no idea what the Drifters are capable of.
If Gadolka falls, the end of this country will be inevitable.
Are all these weapons also going to the western front?
Yeah. We were told by headquarters the naval transport unit was destroyed,
putting us in dire need of weapons and armor.
As a result, they ordered us to increase the production quota.
So, we need to get the Dwarves to ramp up production.
That may be, but...
They will drop dead one after another.
Quite a few of them have already been worked to death.
-What the...?! -What the hell is happening?!
Did the mine collapse?!
The soil taken from the toilet's subfloor,
the sulfur from Boobienu, and charcoal...
It's the perfect combination for...
Wh-What the...?!
The hell is going on?!
The primary effect of gunpowder is...
nor the shrapnel that tears through flesh.
We're charging forward. Raise the battle cry!
The enemy is terrified. Get them!
It is the sound and light, the shock and awe...
Cannons, fire arrows, and firearms all have the same effect.
The Shimazu clan controls Tanegashima, the birthplace of Japan's first firearm.
It's no surprise that Toyo knows how best to put them to use.
Rush them down!
The enemy! It's an enemy attack!
Is it the Elves?!
Is this a revolt?! Shit!
Damn demihumans!
Wh-What the hell is that?!
Incredible!
Wh-What a terrible concoction...
We had no clue that
he was having us create such a terrible powder all along.
Mix it carefully, or else we all may die. Cautiously.
Calm down. It's all right. You Elves are all incredibly dexterous.
Now, let's rain arrows down upon them.
These explosive arrows aren't bad.
I thought they'd work about the same as fire arrows,
but in the hands of Yoichi and the Elves, they became devastating weapons.
However, I wasn't expecting them to burn this well...
We could have taken so many supplies.
Oh, well, it's too bad. Such a shame.
What the hell is happening?!
Who knows?!
Shout! Shout! Bring them to their knees!
It's going to blow! The fire is rapidly spreading!
Run! They have us surrounded!
They will kill us all! Run!
Wh-What the...?!
The hell is happening?!
Don't give them the chance to rally!
Destroy them all!
Hey, this looks bad. Let's get out of here!
Eh?!
To the castle town! Charge forward!
Go invade the town!
The ground you step on is Orte's largest armory,
and this land is protected by us, the Armored Guards Corps of Orte!
We shall not give in to you rebels.
Heavy armor, heavy swords, heavy spears...
Withdraw!
Running?
We won't let you!
Olminu... I wonder if she is doing all right.
There should be no problems.
Those guys from the deserted castle
should be able to put Olminu's powers to full effect.
Olminu of Stone Coffins.
Her casting of the Stone Wall Spell is...
In fact, she is probably the most talented one among you...
Ah, you sound like a dirty old man.
Coming from someone who is actually 83 years old, that fits.
Wh-What the hell is that?!
Toss them over!
The enemy is falling apart. Perfect opportunity!
Worth its weight in gold.
Let's go!
Our heavy infantry was destroyed!
Damn it... What the hell?!
The gate! Close the gate!
Close the gate!
It's amazing he used the Stone Walls in that way.
Well done, Toyohisa! As might be expected... that was a dirty trick.
The spell was supposed to be for defense.
Instead, he used it to annihilate the enemy.
It is as if he were born to take on the battlefield himself.
Yet, they closed the castle gate. That could be problematic...
Huh?
Grandpa, are those raspberries good?
They're good.
Why did he even come with us?
How are we supposed to deal with this stupid southern barbarian?
Hey, kid.
Huh?
Messenger! Messenger!
I need to send a message to Olminu!
Ah... yes, sir.
Grandpa... you...
I want more raspberries! I want more!
There's no more left.
If you don't give me more raspberries, Carthage will fall.
Here, sir.
Can I just talk into this?
What the hell is this sphere?!
Olminu said it would work.
Come in, Boobies! Come in! Can you hear me, Boobienu?
Shut up!
Remember my name, you jerk!
I don't give a damn.
You should still have the charms for the Stone Walls, right?!
Do as I tell you!
We can make things work with your charms and Yoichi's archery!
The gate is closing!
That was dangerous...
What the hell just exploded...?
Don't know. I lit the signal fire.
It'll probably take half a day for reinforcements to arrive, but...
it's almost impossible for them to besiege the castle with the gate closed.
We will crash them against our walls.
The troops in the areas outside the walls are falling apart.
Very few soldiers are left!
Damn demihumans!
When reinforcements arrive, we'll attack those idiots from both sides.
There are stairs on the wall!
Nobu! It's amazing! Nobu!
Sure, the Stone Walls are great,
but they cannot be better than this sphere by any stretch of the imagination.
There is no need of messengers anymore.
Best of all, a message can be delivered instantly... No more time lag.
For those magicians, did it never come to mind
that this was such an incredible discovery?
Probably because of the difference in perspective... They have no clue.
They only consider it a convenient device to report their daily investigations.
This sphere can also enable troops
who are far apart to cooperate with one another...
Such an idea never entered their minds.
Splendid! Well done!
Their views on the Stone Walls are no different.
Olminu cast the charms to defend Toyohisa,
but he used them a launchpad instead, and now...
In other words, the Drifters are those
who introduce technology as well as recognize the differences in perspective.
Then what on earth are these so-called Ends?
Why are we here?
What kind of scheme do they have for us?
That's it. That is what you are,
and what you are is the reason you are there.
That difference in view could change the world.
Stir it up, Drifters.
There is no way things should be in this world.
Keep the world turning, Drifters.
The castle is mine!
Toyo, let's go free the Dwarves.
Huh?
We've been told countless times since childhood
that the Dwarves are strong warriors.
The Elves certainly despise the Dwarves.
Every night our fathers told us about them, filled with fear and loathing.
But behind all that lies a jealousy for the traits that the Elves lack.
Their strength, their perseverance, their sharp axes...
They are likely to be captives here in the castle town.
Once, it was inconceivable for the Elves to fight beside the Dwarves.
But now...!
That's the way things should have been.
Let's get them out of there.
The Dwarves are vulgar, violent, foul barbarians with scruffy beards.
They drink a lot, eat a lot, smell bad, and are totally frightening.
Their massive arms can crush boulders and strike steel.
Their massive legs stomp the ground.
Their massive axes cleave their enemies in two.
And after all that, they go drinking, laughing and singing bawdily.
All the other buildings are the same as this one.
This place really is a concentration camp, a workshop in name only.
Even after we Elves surrendered, the Dwarves kept fighting.
We were lucky to have just been made into serfs.
It seems the Dwarves were enslaved in the mines or in workshops all this time.
We were wondering about the commotion outside...
Was it your doing?
It's ironic. You of all people came to save us, huh?
We didn't.
We too were saved... by the Drifters.
Whoever, doesn't matter. Free us.
We are through.
Free us. I'm begging you.
Please. Even if you are Elves...
All right.
So, you are Dwarves?
Your beard is incredible.
You're really small. You're also really thin, huh?
You are... You are one of those Drifters?
Don't care about that stuff!
They just call me that.
An army marches on its stomach!
It's time to eat! Time to eat!
Hum? What happened, Boobienu? What happened?
Have the castle defenders fallen yet?
Come in! Boobienu!
Well... it appears Toyohisa has freed the Dwarves, but...
so Toyo started saying, It's time to eat.
Wait! Don't tell me... they've begun eating?!
They haven't even taken over the keep yet!
They dug into the food storage, collected all the food in stock,
including whatever survived the fire, then dragged it over here,
mixed it all together in the pots, and started cooking.
They actually started eating in front of their enemies' eyes?
Ahh! The horses! The horses!
They are butchering draft horses, warhorses, everything, and starting to cook them!
Stop them!
That jackass... really is an idiot.
Grandpa, I brought more raspberries for you.
Mmm... this is good.
As a reward, I shall present you with Gaul.
-Make rice porridge! -Huh?
Be sure to use plenty of water in that.
Food doesn't digest well after starvation, which may lead to death.
This is Monkey, my lord.
Long ago, that Monkey did a horrible thing.
He said if you stuff yourself quickly after starvation, you will die.
Eh? Monkey?
We can't allow those Dwarves to die on us.
-Huh?! -Argh, annoying!
Just tell them to eat slowly! That's all we can do for now.
Nostalgic
Ranmaru! Bring me rice bowl soup also!
No, he isn't here.
I know that.
I was aware of that, you idiot!
AAAhhh! I wanna eat rice!
What is rice?
What is rice bowl soup?
The assault stopped?
What's with that smoke?! What the hell are they doing?!
Hey!
I have freed the Dwarves. They're eating for now,
but if you haven't run away by the time they are done, you will all die.
If you run, we won't chase after you.
Drop your weapons and surrender.
Decide quickly!
The Dwarves are focused on eating for now,
but there isn't much time until they are through.
Once the food runs out, you'll be next.
They will completely devour you all the way to your livers.
He's good. He is no fool.
Everything he knows, every skill he has, is honed for the battlefield.
That was the last bite!
Now, will you give up the keep or will you die?! Decide!
Wh-What should we do?
What else can we do?
What could we do?
They breached the first gate;
we don't have time to wait for reinforcements to arrive!
I already know that!
Commander, the moment the Dwarves fill their stomachs, they will come for us.
If those idiots dig through, we will fall.
They'll kill us all!
Drifters! You're not going to kill us, are you?!
If we give up the keep, you'll let us go, right?!
It's the warrior's way of battle
not to take the head of a soldier who lays down his arms!
Hm. They gave up gracefully. Next...
Where is the lord of this castle?
That's me.
I've already surrendered. You'll let me go now, won't you?
All right. I'll have them set up a place for you
to commit ritual disembowelment,
so please wait for a little while.
Disembowelment?!
I shall act as your second and behead you at the end.
Did you just say... disembowelment?! What the hell?!
You lost the battle, therefore you lords
must know that an honorable suicide should follow.
It is your responsibility and honor as a lord!
Th-That's absurd. Don't be an idiot, you bastard!
Why the hell do I have to commit dis... disembowelment?!
No way in hell will I spill my own guts!
Alright, then...
You don't have what it takes to end yourself.
You are not fit to be lord.
The only thing of value you possess is your head.
You don't need to pursue them.
Oh, you knew, huh?
You said you would assist me. You're a man of your word.
It's just my old habit... Those were my previous orders.
Nobody can order you to do anything anymore.
This is our battle to fight.
Well, let's get back to the food.
Yoichi, are we going to pursue them?
You don't have to do that... at least for now.
Let's eat!
We won't be able to get closer.
Dragon cavalry are flying all over with detection charms hanging from them.
Don't use any of our charms or magic. They will give us away.
This is a difficult task.
I only took this job because it's for the Octobrists.
Had it been a normal assignment for the Adventurer's Guild,
I wouldn't have done it. It's too risky.
Appreciate it, Doug.
Huh?
That is such a convenient telescope.
Is that also a rumored relic of the Octobrists?
Look!
Bronze Dragon! What the hell?! It can't be...!
Although he ranks last, he's still one of the six Great Dragons.
Will he join the Black King's army?!
Did the army stop advancing southward because he joined the forces?
No, that's probably not the case.
Take a look at the southern tip of the Northern Wall.
Perhaps that's the reason.
Wh-What on earth is that?! Is something wrong with my eyes?
Is that a field? Are those monsters farming?
Monster civilization?! They've begun primitive agriculture!
What the hell are the Black King and those idiots doing... over there...
Grand Master was right.
The Black King is different from the Ends we've known.
He doesn't wish the eradication of this world.
His intention is to become a savior
to the monsters who would take the place of humans.
Bedtime Stories
Soup for Hundreds
Cheaply Wasted
Act 10 Baba Yetu
