This doesn't seem to be it either, does it?
We still have a long way to go.
We're just gonna have to cross them all off, one by one.
You're right. Okay, then!
Absolutely no pushing yourself too hard.
No, no!
This is nothing, I promise!
Ayato-senpai and Julis should be battling about now.
I've got to give it my all, too!
Yeah, that's the spirit.
Scrambling
Sorry to keep you waiting, everybody!
There are now only two more matches left in the Phoenix Festa!
AYATO AMAGIRI JULIS-ALEXIA VON RIESSFELD
ERNESTA KUHNE CAMILLA PARETO
DOROTEO LEMUS ELLIOTT FORSTER
Who will vie for supremacy against Arlequint in tomorrow's final?
Will it be Seidoukan or will it be Galahadworth?
I thought I was used to this feeling of powerlessness.
But I just can't take it this time.
For now, let's just have faith in Saya and Kirin, and focus on our match.
Right... I hear you.
Now, then, the Galahadworth team...
First... ranked 12 despite being in junior high!
The young prodigy, also known as Claimh Solais...
Elliott Forster!
His teammate is Rank 11, Doroteo Lemus, a.k.a. Brightwen!
This is his third Festa. He's a seasoned veteran!
I'd prefer to get this match out of the way,
but since we're up against Galahadworth's True Knights, that's not happening.
Not only that, but this time you can't even use the Ser=Versta.
Well, about that... I'll figure something out.
All right, then, I'm leaving Forster to you.
I'll take on Lemus!
Roger that.
Phoenix Festa Semifinal Match 2!
Battle start!
Burst into bloom, Amaryllis!
Nice to meet you, too...
Gluhen Rose.
Well, well!
Where did this armor come from?
Right, it was generated by Lemus's powers.
It's highly protective,
and it's also a headache because it repairs itself as soon as you destroy it.
I see!
Not to mention, the armor's even protecting the school badge, too!
So you're going all-out from the start.
I'm up against the Gluhen Rose herself.
Why wouldn't I be?
Let's go!
Julis...
I thought I was your opponent.
Ayato Amagiri...
I've been looking forward to battling you.
I wish you wouldn't keep me waiting.
Sorry about that.
By the way, where's your Ser=Versta?
I hope you're not holding back on me.
Unfortunately, something came up, and I can't use it right now.
Oh, well, whatever.
Let me see those sword skills the student council president's mentioned!
Huh? That's weird!
I've never shown that move in this tournament before.
I see...
So you're skilled at counterattacking.
That first strike was a decoy, huh?
Well, I guess I'd have to say that it was.
But be warned that counterattacks aren't...
So you're just as good as you say you are.
Based on talent alone, you might be a match for Kirin.
That goes without saying!
But that sword of yours is... still too light!
Not in terms of power, but resolve!
As if I'd let you!
Amagiri Shinmei Style...
Twin Demon Bees!
AMAGIRI SHINMEI STYLE TWIN DEMON BEES
Elliott Forster... badge broken!
No way...
Burst into bloom...
Primrose!
Riessfeld can only go on the defensive against Doroteo's lance charge!
We really should be astounded by Doroteo's powers.
Creating such a complex image and moving it so smoothly...
Come out, Loropetalum!
Burst into bloom, Anthurium!
Fine, I wouldn't have it any other way.
Burst into bloom...
Longiflorum!
Looks like my lance got to you first.
Whoa, whoa!
What are we supposed to make of this?
Most likely, though Lemus's armor was able to protect him from the flames,
it couldn't block their heat, I guess.
Meaning that he's been fighting while being roasted?
Seriously...
What a reckless man you are!
Well, since I wanted to end this quickly...
Even so, charging right into a wall of flames is going too far.
I just took a gamble and lost.
It can't be helped.
Come on, get it over with, will you?
Doroteo Lemus... badge broken!
Winners, Ayato Amagiri and Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld!
Another dead end.
AYATO AMAGIRI
Ayato...
Saya, how's it going over there?
Sorry. We still don't have any real clues.
I see. We're going to get ready to head over as soon as we can.
Meaning... it's over already?
Yeah, thanks to you guys, we made it to the final. Thanks!
All right, can you send me that map?
Gotcha.
I'm so glad to hear that our senpais were able to advance!
In Ayato's case, that's a given.
So next is the final?
I think it's going to be tough for even Ayato
to beat those two without the Ser=Versta.
You're probably right.
We've got to find Flora before the final starts.
Saya?
It's so frustrating.
Yes.
Let's go. There's still something we can do right now.
Right!
Saya and Kirin say they still don't have anything to go on.
Is that right?
TODAY'S MATCH HAS FINISHED FINAL MATCH WILL START AT NOON TOMORROW
Tomorrow's final starts at noon, so that gives us
another 18 hours, huh?
If we factor in the inspection before the match...
that gives us even less time.
Come on, let's join the search!
Yo! Congrats on making the final...
Wait, huh?
Hey, what's going on? What's with the gloomy vibe?
Uh... There's a reason for that, see?
If there's anything I can do, I'll be happy to help.
Actually...
I see...
Just as the president suspects,
it's probably a sure bet that Dirk Eberwein's behind all this.
Do you know a lot about Grimalkin, Yabuki?
Nope.
When it comes to secrecy,
they're better than all the other academies' intelligence-gathering organizations.
I see...
I'd rather not get mixed up with those guys.
But this is a special case,
and if you're only out to find this Flora kid, I'll help you out.
Sure, of course that'll be enough.
I'd almost rather you didn't have a hand in this.
Thanks for that... at least, that's what I'd normally say,
but as a lightweight regular student,
I'd rather have a little more insurance.
Let's see, that guy's number... I know I saved it in here.
I don't care, but if it's going to take long, we're going to go on ahead!
Sure. Well, I'm going to do everything I can,
but don't count on me too much!
I see.
Julis, I'd like to investigate another avenue myself.
Another avenue?
Fine by me...
but I think you'd be wasting your time asking.
I know it's a long shot, but I'd like to ask just for the sake of asking.
Who knows, we might get some kind of clue out of it.
So you came.
Hey, don't turn around.
Fine. But you didn't have to go out of your way to meet me here.
Idiot!
No way could we have discussed that over a call!
Sorry.
Never mind.
So let me get straight to the point.
There's nothing I can tell you.
I see.
Don't get the wrong idea, now.
It's not like they asked me to be quiet.
- Actually, it's the opposite. - Opposite?
You don't really think the Tyrant wouldn't guess you'd contact me, do you?
And yet, I haven't received any kind of memo.
Basically, the information I have wouldn't do you any good...
and he knows it.
Gotcha.
Sorry... I shouldn't have bothered you.
Hold up, Amagiri.
It's true that I have no information.
But I can still speculate, at least.
Speculate?
You said you've narrowed your search to the Redevelopment District, right?
Yeah. What about it?
Normally, you'd probably be right.
But since we're talking about a kidnapping, I wouldn't bet on it.
What do you mean?
If I'm not mistaken, that place is a hotbed for criminals.
That's why the Police Unit is always coming around to patrol the area.
It's not a good place
for crimes like kidnapping where you need to lay low long-term.
Basically, Grimalkin is all about working solo,
so they want to avoid the hassle of dodging an investigation.
If that's the case, where would she be?
Who knows?
But the place that would give you guys the most trouble?
My guess would be Rotlicht.
Why do you say that?
In the Redevelopment District, you could search as you wish,
but in Rotlicht, both legal and illegal shops are clustered together.
You couldn't just barge into one of those places, could you?
But then someone would have to be in on it with Grimalkin,
since they work solo, right?
Well, yeah, since money talks in that place as long as you pay up.
Hey, hey, Camilla!
How about snapping out of that bad mood?
We might've lost instead if we hadn't used you-know-what.
You knew that yourself from the start, didn't you?
You and I are striving for different things, Camilla.
Your final goal is Ultimate Universality.
In other words, a weapon that can be wielded by anyone...
By any kind of person at all, right?
That's right.
But no such weapon exists in this world.
So we're going to create beings that can wield weapons, puppets,
that humans will only have to issue orders to.
Such puppets have no need for a will of their own.
Actually, they shouldn't have a will, right?
Right.
So what I want is to produce autonomous puppets that can cry, laugh and grow.
For them to gain the same rights as humans one day, that's my goal.
Do you remember the day we first met?
Of course. How could I ever forget anything with that degree of impact?
Good point.
When my parents' workplace was attacked by anti-government forces...
The guards were decimated in the blink of an eye.
My parents tried to fight back,
but there was no way civilians could hold their own against trained warriors.
Half of my body is the body of a puppet you made for me.
And so I swore to you that I'd give you half of my life.
That it was yours.
Yep, you gave it to me, all right!
So... I have no intention of criticizing your dream.
I admit that we have different goals,
but that's another story!
Then why are you so mad?
This is my rage as an engineer!
That was too dangerous to put into practice!
But if we'd lost then, it would've been game over for us!
You must have enough results by now!
My only goal is to win it all!
And then I'm going to have AR-D and RM-C accepted as students here!
If that happens, see, people will embrace autonomous puppets, more and more!
Seriously...
Master...
I am very sorry to trouble you,
but there's something I'd like you to do for me.
Huh? What's up?
I was wondering if you could possibly leave this scar carved into my face, as it is.
Sure, that's not a problem...
But why would you ask for that?
Needless to say, as proof that I fought this battle.
You mean it's a badge of victory?
No, nothing as grand as that...
I have learned various things through this particular battle.
What I perceived after exposing my own imperfections...
this wasn't purely a matter of learning data,
but what humans call...
That's right... growth!
I believe I achieved actual growth!
And I want to leave behind proof of that.
Prodigious!
Don't tell me he's aware of his own growth?
Master, I, too, have a favor to ask of you.
Hey... you, too, RM-C?
When I transfer limit control to AR-D...
Yes, yes...
It would help if you could narrow the range a bit more
when my external armor is detached,
or adjust it somehow.
As it's humiliating...
The thing is, since there are technical issues, see...
I don't think it can be done in time for tomorrow.
Understood, Master.
I guess we can thank Saya Sasamiya and Kirin Toudou for this, too, huh?
It would be great to see this again during the final, too.
Who knows what's going to happen?
What am I gonna do now?
Not a single clue after all this asking around, huh?
I guess I'll have a look further down there.
Hey, you there!
It's you, right?
The bastard who's been sniffing around here for some reason?
No, no, I'm just looking for someone, that's all.
Then how about you come with us?
Sorry, but I really don't have the time.
Come back here, you!
That bastard! Where the hell did he go?
If I go into the alley, I'll only get cornered.
Guess I'll head back out for now, and
What should I do?
I can't cause a commotion now and risk getting noticed by the perpetrator.
Hey, you...
Is someone chasing you, by any chance?
If you're in trouble, I can help you!
Episode 19 Battle Song
What did you think of that, Ayato? My singing...
It's not half bad, wouldn't you say?
