Maccachin stole some buns, and they got stuck in his throat.
Victor!
Go back to Japan right now.
Can you be Yuri's coach tomorrow, for just one day?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Anyway, this is a crisis!
Ask Yakov anything you don't understand.
If you're in trouble, just hug him, and he'll help you.
Sorry, Yuri.
Even if I'm not here, I'll always be with you in spirit.
And then Victor went back to Japan.
Ninth Skate Yuri vs. Yuri The Horror!! Rostelecom Cup, Free Skate
Yuri vs. Yuri. The Horror!! Rostelecom Cup, Free Skate.
Um, it didn't look like you exchanged any words with Coach Yakov
at this morning's public practice.
I'm fine!
I'll just do what I've always done in practice with Victor!
Why did Yakov take on that pork cutlet bowl?
Yuri, your grandfather's here.
Grandpa, I thought you weren't feeling well.
Just try these.
There's pork cutlet, scrambled eggs, and white rice in here!
What's with this pirozhki?!
It's a pork cutlet bowl pirozhki.
Eat them and do well in today's free skate, Yuratchka.
Okay.
With Victor gone, I'm the only one who can win.
Everything should be on my side.
Moscow Small Sports Arena Moscow, Russia
The Rostelecom Cup, the last event in the Grand Prix Series.
Sixth Event, Rostelecom Cup Men's Short Program Skating Order Emil Nekola Michele Crispino Seung Gil Lee Yuri Plisetsky Katsuki Yuri Jean-Jacques Leroy
Group Two is finally about to start in the Men's Singles Free Skate.
Each skater comes into this event with his own hopes and fears.
This event will determine who advances to the Grand Prix Final.
Group Two's first competitor, currently in sixth place,
is the Czech Republic's Emil Nekola, age 18.
He is skating to music from the movie Anastasis.
His theme is Cyberpunk: I've ceased to be human.
Just as his theme suggests, he's planned four quads, a superhuman feat.
A quadruple Salchow. Beautiful.
Well done!
Next up is a quadruple jump combination.
Quadruple toe loop, triple toe loop.
I'll take this opportunity to clarify something.
I'll make it to the Grand Prix Final with or without your help, Mickey.
So you need to win without my support, too, Mickey.
His next jump will also be a quad.
A quadruple toe loop.
Brilliant!
I'm not every woman in the world.
You need to get out more!
I don't need any other woman but you, Sala.
I was able to focus on skating and come this far because you were with me.
Don't leave me alone, please!
Become strong, Michele Crispino!
I can skate without your love,
and I'll start dating!
If he finishes in second or above, he may still make the Grand Prix Final.
Do you like Czech men who have nothing but cheer?
Or do you like moody Japanese men who look like closet pervs?
Your short program was super sexy.
Huh? Thanks.
So despite being Italian, you don't like men who are negative, Sala?
A quadruple loop.
That was perfect!
So far, we've seen four flawless quads!
He's not human.
Man, I'm tired...
He'd planned a combination there, but...
He fell and couldn't complete the second jump.
Crap!
A triple Salchow
Oops.
Still going strong!
The score for the Czech Republic's Emil Nekola is 189.15.
RK: 1 Emil Nekola Total
His total score is 271.58. He's currently in first place.
Yay!
Yeah!
Sala, you're not rinkside to send him off to the ice today.
We now have Italy's Michele Crispino, age 22.
He finished the short program in fifth.
Will he make a comeback in the free skate?
He is skating to Serenade for Two.
Sala, are you watching me somewhere out there?
I can tell, even when we're apart.
A quadruple Salchow.
Mickey might be feeling a little down.
A triple flip, single loop, and a triple Salchow.
A three-jump combo!
What should I do with my feelings?
A triple axel.
Compared to practice, his skating is much more mellow.
He's like a completely different person.
Did something happen?
Love.
I can feel lost love in Michele's skating.
Sala, we've been inseparable since birth.
My precious Sala...
My lady...
Why are boys mean to me?
It's because you're cute.
I'll beat them all up!
I got asked on a date again.
I'll beat him up!
Don't get me wrong.
I'm just an idiot.
Sala, this is the last time that I skate for you.
My love ends here, too.
This is my real love.
Goodbye, Sala.
A triple Lutz.
Wow! Flawless!
Here come the scores for Michele Crispino of Italy.
His score is 193.24!
RK: 1 Michele Crispino Total
His total score is 282.89.
He's surpassed his personal best by almost twenty points!
Mickey!
Sala!
Congratulations!
That was the coolest program I've seen from you so far.
You thought of me when you were skating, right?
Y-Yeah.
I'm sorry for saying such mean things earlier.
But I'm glad I did!
We're better apart, after all!
Huh?
Oh, Seung Gil's starting.
Later!
Hey, Yakov.
What?
I'm changing the jump composition.
I'll reduce the number of jumps in the first half from four to two.
So you'll have six in the second half?
That's right.
Do you have a death wish?
I can't win against JJ or Yuri otherwise.
RK: 3 Seung Gil Lee Total
Although Seung Gil Lee recovered after a fall on his early quadruple loop,
he suffered a huge loss in the standings
and lost hope of advancing to the Grand Prix Final.
But we look forward to seeing him in the Four Continents Championship.
Here on his home turf, we have Yuri Plisetsky, age 15,
Yuri! Yuri! Yuri!
in third place after the short program.
Just listen to those cheers!
I'll win the first gold of my senior debut here!
He is skating to Allegro Appassionato in B Minor.
The program was choreographed by Lilia Baranovskaya,
former principal of the Bolshoi Ballet.
For Yuri Plisetsky's senior debut,
they've chosen a piece well-known for its difficulty and heart-pounding intensity.
He's been allowed to attempt quads since his senior debut.
Here's the first of two in this program.
As in his short program, he landed that with confidence!
A triple axel from a spiral.
That was really high. Doesn't he seem too psyched up?
That's right.
Dance with beauty.
Beauty is a crushing force of righteousness!
Strength means nothing without beauty.
A hellish step sequence without even time for a breath.
How is he so calm?
This is right around when he starts to tire.
Hold out in the second half.
D-Damn, this is tough...
He's putting six jumps in the second half?
Here we go with the second-half jumps.
A triple Lutz.
Pork cutlet bowl has three quads,
and JJ has four.
A triple flip.
To beat them, I can't make any mistakes!
A quadruple toe loop.
Here's a choreographic sequence.
I don't want to lose like that again!
With all eyes on him during the free skate, Yuri Plisetsky of Russia, age 15,
is now in first place!
Huh?
Let's climb the podium together again at the Rostelecom Cup, Yuri-chan.
That shithead!
Quadruple Salchow, triple toe loop.
A beautiful jump with great height!
He's showing tremendous spirit in his program's second half.
A triple loop, double toe loop.
Here's the last jump combination.
Is this really Yurio?
A triple axel, single loop, and a triple Salchow.
He landed all his jumps!
At the Rostelecom Cup of the Grand Prix Series, his senior debut,
he's brushed off the pressure and responded to his local fans,
delivering a sublime free skate program!
A performance beyond his limits.
That must've been what it was.
Yuri Plisetsky from Russia.
RK: 1 Yuri Plisetsky Total
His free skate score is 199.87, a personal best!
His total score is 297.96.
He's currently in first place.
He's won a ticket to the Grand Prix Final!
How'd you like my free skate, pork cutlet bowl?!
Katsuki Yuri from Japan is in second place after the short program.
He is skating to Yuri on Ice.
I don't want them to think everything Victor's taught me
has been a waste.
I have to prove that by winning.
If I fail here, everything is over.
A quadruple toe loop.
I popped it!
What's that pork cutlet bowl doing?
His second jump turned into a single.
Crap, crap...
Calm down. Calm down!
How do I recover from this?
Yuri, you tend to flub your jumps when something is on your mind.
Starting today, I'm your coach.
I'll make you win the Grand Prix Final.
How did he know how I felt?
Until Victor came into my life,
I could never openly say that I'd win gold,
but I never skated with the thought in my mind that I'd lose anyway.
That jump had enough rotations.
Truthfully, I wanted to win gold at last year's Grand Prix Final, too.
Yuri, you're not weak.
No one else thinks that, either.
Now that I know what love is and am stronger for it,
I'll prove it to myself with a Grand Prix Final gold medal!
I was able to come this far because Victor believed in me.
A triple loop.
If I end here without making the Grand Prix Final...
He two-footed that landing.
No.
Don't think right now.
You idiot!
Hang in
Yuri...
All supportive now that you've clinched your spot in the Final, eh?
Cheer for me, too, will you?
Yuri, let's go.
Yurio looked like he'd kick the bucket on his last three-jump combo.
Idiot! I have more stamina than him!
A triple axel.
Whether Victor were with me or not,
it would still feel just as tough.
A triple flip.
Keep it simple.
I'm the only one who can skate this program with this much appeal.
A triple axel, single loop, and triple Salchow.
A triple Lutz, triple toe loop.
I'm the one who loves this program Victor and I made
the most in the whole world!
I'm not finished yet.
I'll be done when I get the gold with Victor.
You can feel Katsuki Yuri's love, a love he can only express on the ice,
in this step sequence.
Aw, he had really good flow until the end.
It's too bad.
When you think of how it could've been with Victor here,
you really want to see that, right?
That was the toughest program I've done so far...
Hey.
You totally failed to take advantage of the program Vitya made for you!
Why didn't you practice for the possibility that you might flub a jump?
He's just like Victor... A huge lecture at the kiss and cry.
Victor never did, either.
I guess he never learned differently as a coach.
We have Katsuki Yuri's scores.
RK: 3 Katsuki Yuri Total
His free skate score is 172.87.
His total score is 282.84.
He's currently in third place.
He may yet advance to the Grand Prix Final,
but we won't know until the end.
That's a higher score than I expected.
What's wrong?
Spasibo.
Victor will go back to Russia soon.
The final competitor is Jean-Jacques Leroy, age 19.
I'm so tired of waiting.
I bet you all agree, right?
He is skating to Partizan Hope.
Yuri Katsuki, Victor may have chosen you,
but you're no king.
I can tell that much by your free skate.
I am the only king!
A quadruple Salchow.
Success!
He's planned four quads in this program.
If all of them are successful,
his free skate program
has the highest technical difficulty among all the skaters.
Next up is a quad-triple combination.
Quadruple toe loop, triple toe loop.
At Skate Canada, this year's first Grand Prix event,
he held off Russia's Yuri Plisetsky, winning for the second time.
In last year's Grand Prix Final, he finished third.
With Victor Nikiforov absent this season,
a new prince in the figure skating world has been born.
Wrong.
I'm no prince.
I'm already a king!
I'll be the hero who stops Victor from becoming the
consecutive five-time world champion.
That's what I was thinking when I made this program,
but I had no idea Victor would go on break.
I bet he ran because he was afraid of losing to me.
That poor guy, Victor Nikiforov!
A triple axel.
Dad, Mom,
my precious girlfriend,
the great people of Canada,
and everyone who loves skating...
This is for you.
This isn't enough love!
A quadruple Lutz.
Nailed it!
It's not just that I land all the jumps with ease.
They're integrated into the overall performance, are they not?
A triple flip, single loop, and triple Salchow.
Amazing.
A superb jump combination!
Hey, judges!
This is JJ!
His last jump will be a quad.
So far, there have been no mistakes.
Let's go!
A quadruple toe loop.
He's landed all his jumps!
JJ will take first in the free skate, as well.
Yuri Plisetsky will place second,
with Michele Crispino in third.
Katsuki Yuri will be fourth.
When you total both competition scores,
Michele and Katsuki have the same overall score.
Since we're tied in points,
I can squeak into the Final because I placed second in the Cup of China.
The Rostelecom Cup is over.
The final six who will advance to the Grand Prix Final are
the three who had basically been confirmed already...
JJ, who cemented his win with another high score,
Yurio, who finished second, and...
Man, I'm tired.
You don't have to come support me at the Women's Free Skate tomorrow, Mickey.
Can't I at least cheer you on?
You'd just rush right to the kiss and cry again.
Yuri, congrats on qualifying for the Grand Prix Final!
I knew you'd make it.
Sala!
Thanks.
What are you doing?!
Huh?
Was that Mickey screaming?
What's this? A hugging competition?
JJ is
Huh?!
Stay away from me!
I'm this close to the peak of my competitive figure skating career.
I really want the gold now.
The Grand Prix Final will be my last chance.
Even if I don't win gold,
I'll have Victor step down as coach after the Grand Prix Final, and...
There you are, pork cutlet bowl.
You made me look for you.
Oh, Yurio...
What was that earlier?
Stop creeping me out!
And what was that free skate, anyway?
You can make the excuse that you couldn't do your best because Victor wasn't there,
but I was in top form and earned a new personal best,
only to lose to JJ again!
You have no right to feel more down than me, pork cutlet bowl!
You can have it.
It's almost your birthday, right?
Huh?
Pirozhki?
Eat.
Huh? Right here?
Eat!
There's rice in this...
Pork cutlet and egg, too.
It's a pork cutlet bowl!
That's right!
My grandpa made them himself!
Great, aren't they?
Yeah!
They're vkusno!
Fukuoka Airport International Terminal
I have a lot I want to tell you, Victor.
What do I say first?
Yuri...
I've been thinking about what I can do as your coach from now on.
Me, too.
Please be my coach until I retire!
It's almost like a marriage proposal.
I wish you'd never retire.
Let's win gold together at the Grand Prix Final.
To Be Continued!!!
Yay! I'm finally on vacation!
Where's my swimsuit?
It may be a resort, but it's the middle of winter!
Oh, right. It's almost Christmas.
What are you going to give me, Yuri?
Something round and golden.
Wow!
Tenth Skate Gotta Supercharge It! Pre-Grand Prix Final Special!
Gotta Supercharge It!
Pre-Grand Prix Final Special!
