I've come to get you.
What?
No wake-up kiss?
Where's Hana?
You got her out safely, then.
Of course.
I'm really glad.
I'm no longer one of the Planetary Gears,
so I don't think I can go inside the Blume.
Nice work, Captain.
The Midsummer's Knights are to gather in the briefing room in thirty minutes.
Roger.
Wow...
I've never seen the real thing before.
The rumors that they secretly came to the Tenkaidou were true...
Commander Jack and Commander Queen.
Two of the top three Intercept Faction leaders are together.
As you're aware, the Kiltgangs are attacking more frequently.
Of course, we in the Intercept Faction intend to fight them to the end.
But if we remain on defense forever,
they'll eventually break through the Impacter defense system.
Which would mean the Earth is doomed.
So we are finally initiating our primary plan, Operation Summer.
Captain, explain the plan.
Yes, ma'am.
Nishikubo doesn't seem to be here.
I heard he was sending someone in his place.
Still a kid, I guess.
I'm Daichi Manatsu, of the Midsummer's Knights.
We will destroy the Cocoon, the core of the Planetary Gears' fortress carrier Oberon,
which orbits around Uranus.
That is our counteroffensive plan against the Kiltgangs, Operation Summer.
So they're the Midsummer's Knights.
The Earth Engine, Nebula Engine, and Flare Engine,
our three manned Impacters, will be loaded on the spaceship Kivotos,
which will dock with the Blume, currently connected to the Tenkaidou.
The Blume's Entangle Link Navigation enables hyperspace travel.
We'll reach orbit around Uranus a few hours after the mission begins.
And we'll use the Engine series aboard the Kivotos to destroy Oberon.
The boosted plasmagnum, a destructive weapon that will
completely delete the intelligence information contained within the Livlasters' Orgone energy
and convert it to pure energy, will be loaded onto both the Earth and Nebula.
Alonzo has calculated that this weapon is capable
of destroying the Cocoon, which forms the Oberon's core and holds the Ego Blocks.
Naturally, we'll need to do a test before we attack.
But we can use this to wipe out the Planetary Gears
that have invaded the Solar System.
Captain, I've received a report that your Livlaster's output
has exceeded the energy requirement for this weapon.
But can you replicate that number?
I think so.
Can they really handle this?
Nishikubo chose them.
Of course, I believe in him, but...
The idea is to eliminate the Kivotos Plan's cold sleep block.
Either way, if the Ark Faction finds out, we'll have a problem.
How did it feel to be back in space after so long?
It's hard for an old man...
Let's leave space to the young ones.
But not just any young ones.
Of course.
The young men and women who go into space
must be the chosen ones, who will carry humanity's fate.
We cannot let the Intercept Faction get any further out of control.
It seems they told the public media that the spaceship Blume,
which surfaced in the seas around Tanegashima,
was a secretly developed giant asteroid defense interceptor.
All of this just makes it vexing that we can't tell them the truth...
The Intercept Faction's leaders are gathering aboard the Tenkaidou.
There isn't much time.
I sent Pointer.
Pointer?
Will that be all right?
Pointer is on his way, not as a Salty Dog member,
but on his own.
He's perfect for the job.
He hates them more than anyone.
Satellitejack
The inter-satellite transport ship Nipper is now arriving from Delta-1, at Dock 14.
Akari's coming on this ship.
Are you happy?
Of course I am.
Just as happy as I was to see you.
I hope she gets here soon!
Akari!
Hana.
Are you tired?
There was no direct shuttle...
Coming in via Delta-1 was a bigger pain than I expected.
Where are the boys?
Combat training.
When I win, the Blue Star is mine!
It won't be that easy, Captain.
Those two boys are flirting with each other again?
Yup.
Next, please.
The contacts Salty Dog gave me worked perfectly.
It's Ai-chan!
Everyone, the beloved idol Ai-chan is here to be Tenkaidou's
governor for a day!
Cheerful!
Governor for a Day
Cheerful!
Pounding!
Pounding!
Heart!
Ai-chan!
Are idols important?
Almost as important as magical girls.
So today, for a special summer project,
I've been governor of the Tenkaidou for a day.
Globe just stunned the world when a giant asteroid defense interceptor
was launched from Tanegashima.
Is there anything you can tell me about it?
How did you get something so large up here?
We used cutting-edge laser propulsion technology.
Laser propulsion! Amazing!
Then, then... The stories saying that people saw a bright ray of light
shooting into the night sky in Tanegashima...
Could those have anything to do with it?
That's right.
Nonsense.
This planet can't create a device like that with its present technology.
Puck is not the only liar.
Amara and his friends have moved.
Yes. They plan to do something on the Tenkaidou.
Now, then... Let's see what happens.
I'm sorry... A lot of this involves military secrets,
so I can't tell you any more.
Thank you for taking the time to talk to me.
I'm so happy I got a chance to visit this satellite,
on the frontier of space development, and to meet all of the wonderful people
who work here!
Okay, everyone...
I'll see you back on Earth!
And cut.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ai-chan
I mean, Ai-san.
Thank you.
You can call me Ai-chan.
But it really was fun.
It's my first time in space.
Ai-chan, for the rest of your time here,
we'll show you around the Tenkaidou.
I hope you enjoy it.
Okay, thanks.
How can you win without blocking?
I guess I've been doing this longer than you.
I love the way you never give up.
Good job today!
Wow! A pool in space!
There's nothing special about a pool.
I think this is my first time visiting a pool outside of photo shoots.
I see...
Your job doesn't allow you a lot of freedom in your private life, huh?
Do you have a boyfriend?
You can't ask that.
I don't have many friends...
When I go out, I have to worry about people watching me.
Truthfully, I think I'm hard to hang out with.
But here, you don't have to worry about other people!
Unfortunately, there aren't many boys our age around.
That's Daichi Manatsu-kun and Teppei Arashi-kun.
They're boys our age!
I'm Ai. Hello, there.
Hello.
I think this is my first time talking to a celebrity.
He's more into trends than I thought?
Trends?
And he's totally unaffected...
Both commanders seemed concerned.
As am I, frankly.
Akari is still a child.
Do you really think this is okay?
She's an adult.
Since she joined Globe, I've learned that well.
Daichi Manatsu still looks like a child to me, as well.
And yet, we have to leave him in charge of such a major operation.
Daichi will do it.
I'm confident in that.
When I first heard the reports about Hana Mutou and Teppei Arashi,
I was really surprised.
I wondered why you'd allow such dangerous elements on your team.
I heard you told Hana you'd be her mother.
If she becomes my daughter,
she can get the rights of an Earthling and a Japanese citizenship.
Once the operation is over, I can give her a place to come home to...
Why did you think of that?
Why?
The reason you wanted to make her your daughter was because,
after meeting her, your intuition told you to, right?
Do you remember the shot bar where we first met?
What are you talking about?
You mean that one in Daikanyama?
I don't normally do things like that...
But despite never having seen you before, I talked to you that day.
For some reason, I felt I had to.
We've split up now, but I still consider myself lucky to have met you.
I think my intuition was right in telling me to talk to you that day.
Ultimately, I think that's the only way humans can judge what's truly important.
I want to believe in my intuition and yours.
Even so, Teppei Arashi is an enemy avatar and retains his memories as such.
To be honest, I don't understand him.
Teppei isn't dangerous.
He's an indispensable member of the Midsummer's Knights.
Did you talk to them about the Planter Unit?
They're doing their best, but there's no time.
I see.
But why would they send an idol as a governor for a day at a time like this?
The PR department came up with the idea.
I took advantage of it.
It's a good feint for the real operation.
The Ark Faction can't do anything crazy with an idol aboard? Was that it?
I hope you're right.
We're on schedule.
Got it.
Working hard, guys?
Hi, Ai-chan!
She really is cute...
Time to get to work.
Cheerful...
Starving...
Vampire!
The Kivotos spaceship holds the people
who were entrusted with humanity's future.
We'll send them back to Earth,
and use the spaceship they were going to use
to execute our mission.
But aren't you also fighting for them, Captain?
You'll save the people sleeping inside, right?
Yeah.
Hey, Teppei...
Is it still hard for you to have fun with everyone?
I mean, I'm the type who prefers to be alone, as well.
I don't think you understand.
What do you mean?
I don't think anyone really understands me.
Hana is like me, a life form born outside this solar system.
However, Hana may have been born like me,
but her mentality is much closer to yours than to mine.
When you become friends with a girl, what are you supposed to do?
I have a telepathic kiss like Hana.
But my experiences and memories are vast
and beyond Earth humans' comprehension.
The information shared in a short kiss is only the surface thoughts.
But if I kissed someone deeply, and they touched the other part,
who knows what darkness would swallow them?
Memories of thousands, tens of thousands of years.
The time I spend with Daichi, Hana, and you is enjoyable.
But sometimes, in the middle of it, it's as if I return to myself,
and suddenly it feels like everything is a dream with no substance.
What is this I'm looking at?
Is it truly real, and not just a dream?
After thousands, tens of thousands of years,
what is this I find when I meet you?
What am I?
Why did I cross this vast gulf of time and space to come here?
If there is a meaning, what is it?!
Sometimes, I feel as if thoughts like these are about to crush me.
Does this mean you've finally turned to me for help?
I know why you're here right now.
Teppei...
The reason you're here with me right now
is that my god crossed vast gulfs of space and time to lead you here.
What?
People of the Tenkaidou, I'd like your attention.
I've learned of the Globe Intercept Faction's Operation Summer,
and have come to stop these ideas that threaten to destroy humanity.
The Tenkaidou will temporarily remain under my control.
I will now take action to stop Operation Summer.
But I'd like you to know that my actions are entirely due
to my personal desire for all humanity's continued prosperity,
and that I am not part of any organization at this time.
Hey, this is getting interesting!
That voice... Hirosue, from Salty Dog?
It's been a long time, kid.
I'm taking Hana back.
Salty Dog's Hirosue has taken over the Tenkaidou.
And now, the Tenkaidou is in even more trouble!
Countless bits of debris in the satellite's orbit
begin to attack the Tenkaidou.
This is an attack by the Planetary Gears!
What do we do?
Can we stop them?
The Meaning of a Captain
The Meaning of a Captain.
Earth Engine, expand!
