I'm sorry... Ayato...
During the previous century,
an unprecedented disaster known as the Invertia drastically changed the world as we knew it.
The powers of existing nations declined significantly,
paving the way for a conglomerate
called the Integrated Empire Foundation to seize leadership.
The people gradually began to alter their sense of morality.
But at the same time, the Invertia also gave the world new potential.
Not at a time like this!
I see.
Specifically, the birth of a new species of human born with phenomenal physical skills...
the Genestella.
Uh... excuse me for speaking to you from here.
Huh?
It is here that the young men and women of the Genestella
vie for supremacy in the Battle Entertainment called Festas.
Rikka, the Academy City on the Water.
Commonly known as Asterisk.
Witch of the Resplendent Flames
U-Uh...
M-My bad!
I mean... um...
I'm only here to bring you the handkerchief I picked up!
Turn around right now.
Just do it! Turn around right now!
S-Sorry!
The reason I came here was to give her the handkerchief I picked up.
S-So if I explain that properly,
she should understand.
You can turn around now.
So? What's this about a handkerchief?
Excuse me?
Didn't you say something about a handkerchief just now?
Oh, right!
Here it is.
Thank goodness.
So it is yours?
I just picked it up after the wind blew it toward me.
Sorry.
This happens to be...
very, very dear to me.
Well, hey, I just happened to pick it up, that's all...
Even so, I'm indebted to you.
I'm truly grateful.
Hey, it's not such a big deal. All I did was bring you a handkerchief I...
Now then...
If you're gonna intrude here...
Huh?
then... prepare to die.
This presence...
Witch (Strega)
A Strega?
Burst into bloom,
Amaryllis!
I didn't expect you to dodge that one.
Fine.
I'll play to win then, just for a bit.
Hold up a second!
Didn't you just thank me?
I am indeed grateful that you retrieved my handkerchief for me.
Well, then...
But...
You infiltrated the girls' dorm, and spied on a maiden while she was undressing!
Why shouldn't you pay for that with your life?!
M-My life? Come on...
Rest assured.
If you don't put up a fight, I'll content myself with cooking you well-done.
She's totally going to roast me all the way through!
I only just transferred to this school today,
so I had no idea that this was the girls' dorm!
Very well. That much I'll believe.
That said...
I, for one, have an anger that can't be dispelled as things stand!
That being the case...
Tell me, what's your name?
Ayato Amagiri.
I am Julis.
Seidoukan Academy Rank 5.
In the name of this badge of tenacity, the Red Lotus,
I, Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld,
hereby challenge you, Ayato Amagiri, to a duel!
Duel?
Should you win, I shall accept that excuse of yours and withdraw with good grace.
But should I win, then I shall do with you what I will!
Hey, hold up! I never...
Since you've transferred to Asterisk,
I assume you at least know about our duels?
Well, yeah, I've heard about them.
But hey, I don't even have a sword, so...
Then use this one!
All right.
Now then, are you ready?
I, Ayato Amagiri, hereby accept your challenge to a duel, Julis.
Seidoukan Academy High School 1-A Rank 5 Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld Witch of the Resplendent Flames
You are aware of the rules, yes?
Seidoukan Academy High School 1-A Ayato Amagiri
Whoever destroys the other's school badge wins.
Right.
Countdown... start!
Three... two... one.
Start of the duel!
All right, let's go!
Burst into bloom,
Longiflorum!
Longiflorum of the Piercing Spears
I'm not done!
Longiflorum!
This time, I'm going to boost the spear's speed!
Go!
That newbie's actually holding his own!
Yeah, he's not half-bad.
The princess must be holding back, don't you think?
No, I'm not!
That would've reduced an average opponent to cinders.
Even though I clearly have the upper hand,
something's off.
I'm going to find out what it is!
Burst into bloom, Amaryllis!
So he's going to dodge it and go for close combat?
But...
Explode!
All right!
An explosion at such close range will surely...
Amagiri
Amagiri Shinmei Style, Twin Dragons!
Shinmei
Style
Twin
Twin Dragons
Why, you!
Get down!
Y-Y-Y-You... what are you...
That spear of light... It was clearly aimed at...
If that's the case...
What do you think you're doing?
What am I doing?
I wish you'd ask the guy who shot it, not me.
That's not what I meant! Why did you...
U-Um... Look...
Hey! Look at that bastard, he shoved our princess down!
S-Sorry! Hey, uh, this is so not what it looks like!
That's a passionate way to hit on her!
You...!
Uh...
All right, all right...
You can stop right there.
Unfortunately, I'm going to have to invalidate this particular duel.
Oh, it's you. Who gave you the authority to interfere?!
By the authority vested in me as chief representative of the Red Lotus,
I hereby void this duel.
As he has yet to complete his final transfer paperwork,
technically, Ayato Amagiri is not yet a Seidoukan Academy student.
Thank you very much. Um...
Right.
I am the president of the Seidoukan Academy student council, Claudia Enfield.
Very nice to meet you!
What? You're a first year, too, Madame President?
Yes. Since I was in junior high, so this is my third term.
Since you and I are in the same grade,
you may speak to me in a more informal manner.
All right then, Ms. Claudia.
Claudia will do.
No, not right off the bat.
Clau. Di. A!
Roger that, Claudia.
Right.
Well, then you can call me Ayato.
Very well, then, Ayato.
And while you're at it, you can lose the honorifics.
It is no more than a custom of mine, so please don't think twice about it.
Custom?
Since I am exceedingly scheming,
I must maintain at least an affable outward persona.
You're scheming?
Oh, yes, you have no idea!
Inside, my thoughts are so dark as if someone boiled, then burned some black substance,
and poured black honey all over it!
Would you like to take a look?
See? Pitch-black!
Whoa, what's that, all of a sudden?
I'm joking.
Your responses are so adorable.
Please come in.
All right, once again...
Now, then, Ayato.
As a scholarship transfer student at our very own Seidoukan Academy,
there is just one thing we expect of you.
And that is to win.
Garrardworth,
Allekant Academy
Allekant,
Jie Long
Jie Long,
Le Wolfe Black Academy
Le Wolfe,
Queenvale Girls Academy
Queenvale,
Seidoukan Academy
and finally, Seidoukan.
The cream of the Genestella are hand-picked from all over the world to attend these six schools,
and they battle for supremacy once a year.
At what we call Festas.
These desperate battles that pit mankind's innovation, the Genestella,
against each other, are a major event drawing worldwide attention,
and it wouldn't be an overstatement to say that Asterisk exists for them.
However, in recent years, our school's record has been quite dismal.
Ayato, please triumph at the Festas.
Should you do so, our academy will gladly grant you your heart's desire.
Anything, so long as it can be realized in this world.
I'm sorry to tell you this, but that kind of thing doesn't really interest me.
Well, well!
Then why did you come to this school?
Claudia, there's something I want to ask you.
My older sister...
Is it true that Haruka Amagiri went here?
Please take a look at this.
What's this?
The data for a certain female student who once attended this school.
She matriculated five years ago,
and six months later, due to personal reasons, she withdrew.
All other data has been deleted.
There's no mistake - it's my sister!
There's no record of her ever having taken part in the Festas,
nor does she seem to have ever been entered into the Named Cults.
Actually, whether or not she really did attend this school is quite dubious.
However...
Demon Sword of the Black Furnace Seidoukan Academy
What's this?
It's the Ogre Lux owned by Seidoukan... Ser Veresta.
Ogre Lux? You mean...
Yes, an extremely powerful weapon with a core of Urm Manadite.
Pierce the earth, and it will turn into a crucible.
This Ser Veresta was particularly feared among Ogre Luxes.
We keep records on Ogre Lux checkouts and combat data.
However, despite there being no record of the Ser Veresta being checked out,
parts of its combat data do remain.
You're saying that this leftover data is from five years ago?
Exactly.
This is just my personal opinion...
But she is most likely no longer at this academy.
Unfortunately...
Thanks. But it's all right.
It's not like I came here to look for my sister.
Then why did you come to this school?
If I had to say...
to search for what it is I'm supposed to do, I guess?
You're quite the tough customer, I see.
By the way, scholarship transfer students
have priority regarding the use of the academy's Ogre Lux weapons.
What would you like to do?
Does that include that Ser Veresta that you just showed me?
Yes.
Then since it's available, maybe I'll take a look at it.
Very well, I'll arrange that for you.
Until then, please use this as your weapon.
Thanks.
Oh, by the way...
What is it?
That final transfer paperwork you mentioned earlier. What's the deal with that?
You're asking me about that?
Well, about that...
C-Claudia?
At long last... at long last, we meet.
Um...
I'm only joking.
Um...
This wouldn't be the final transfer paperwork you were talking about, would it?
No, that was a lie.
A lie?
A justifiable one, in my defense.
You've long been a legitimate member of this academy.
That was the most effective ploy to get you out of that mess.
At heart, Julis is a law-abiding soul.
There's no more paperwork for you to do!
Rest assured!
So anyway.
This is Amagiri, our scholarship transfer student.
N-Nice to meet you!
Be friends, or whatever.
Your seat, now... Oh, perfect.
The desk next to your partner in crime is open, so sit there.
Who are you calling his partner in crime?!
Who else but you?
Causing all that drama so early in the morning!
Who would've thought we'd be in the same class, huh?
Okay, let's get this class started.
It's a seriously unfunny joke.
I know we have a history, but let's be friends.
Listen... I'm grateful to you for saving me this morning.
Oh, sure...
You're not still mad, are you?
Well, I wouldn't say that I'm not mad...
but the fact is, you saved me.
Therefore, let's say that I owe you one.
Owe me?
That's right.
If you so wish, I shall come to your aid just once.
But I have no intention of consorting with you otherwise!
Somebody just got dumped!
Well, since we're talking about that princess, I guess it can't be helped.
After all, she keeps everyone at arm's length.
I'm Eishirou Yabuki.
And it looks like I'm your roommate.
Roommate?
Nice to meet you!
Hey, Yabuki, when you said princess just now... is that Julis's nickname?
Nope. She's a bona fide princess, that girl.
Huh?
You know how since the Invertia,
monarchies all over Europe have been coming back into power?
Well, one of them is a country called Lieseltania,
Lieseltania Kingdom Crown Princess Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld Strega
and she's its crown princess.
On top of that, she's one of the very few Stregas in the Genestella.
You sure know a lot about her.
Well, I am a member of the Newspaper Club.
But why would a princess be battling it out here?
Well, that's what we all wonder.
2 Years Ago
A girl that pretty, and strong, and a princess, no less.
Who in their right mind would ignore her?
However...
Quiet! Shut up! I'm not a freak show!
That was her response.
I can see her doing that.
And those who didn't take too kindly to that challenged her to duels,
but they were all repulsed in glorious fashion.
She soared all the way up to Seidoukan Rank 5 in the blink of an eye,
but the result was the aloof princess you see today.
But during our duel, she seemed pretty darned popular.
Oh, right.
Here...
For the record, thank you.
I mean, without it, Julis might've let me go, so I do have mixed feelings about it.
How'd you know it was me?
Well, your voice, I guess?
You mean under those circumstances, you remembered my voice,
out of all the voices in that crowd?
Well, since my older sister was always nagging me about returning what I'd borrowed.
You're a funny guy!
Answer me, Julis!
Why did you duel a newcomer, dammit?!
I'm not obligated to answer you.
And I don't care how many times you ask me, I'm never dueling you again!
Whoa! Talk about a scoop!
What did you say?!
I've defeated you three times.
No matter how many times we do this, it's futile!
Damn you!
Yabuki, who's that guy?
Lester MacPhail.
Rank 9 in our grade, and a Page One.
Page One?
You know that each school in Asterisk has a ranking system, right?
The list of rankings is called the Named Cults,
and the top twelve among them are known as Page Ones.
So he's pretty powerful...
But unfortunately, he and our princess don't get along.
He dueled her three times, and has never won once.
I don't care! I'm telling you to duel me!
Hey, Lester...
Please calm down. This is no place to...
Don't be so full of yourself!
That was nowhere near my true talent level!
Then first of all, you should prove it.
Against somebody other than me, that is.
Come back here, you!
I can't afford to remain defeated at the hands of a princess who's just doing this for fun!
Did you say...
for fun?
Then tell me, why do you fight?!
There's something that I need to accomplish!
And to make that happen, I'm going to sweep the Festas and get what I want!
I can't afford to spin my wheels in a place like this!
Julis...
Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld...
Clad in flames...
The Witch of the Resplendent Flames...
By the authority vested in me by the Red Lotus, I hereby inform you all.
On the official site for The Asterisk War anime,
we have all kinds of content ready for you.
Please stop by!
Episode 2 - Ser Veresta
I'll leave the window unlocked.
