Second Plate
Episode 7
That dish has turmeric, pink peppercorns, cumin, coriander, and cloves.
The right dish has amchoor, cardamom, dill, bay leaf, and savory.
The left dish has star anise, fennel, wild yams, and lemon balm.
You're amazing, Hayama-kun!
You identified all of them without being able to see or touch them!
Yeah, I'm perfectly ready.
106... 107...
108... 109... 110...
111...
112...
Looks like he's perfectly ready.
113...
114...
But...
Ugh!
Air Freshener
You're covered in sweat!
Ryo-kun, you're nasty!
I wanted to ask you to clean my room.
Go take a shower, already!
Miss!
Hm?
You're in a good mood, despite losing to Yukihira Soma.
That's why you lost, probably.
that's a poor attempt at provoking me,
but sure, I'll take it.
Don't cry, even if you lose.
I'll crush him!
Heh, I don't intend to lose to somebody else's assistant.
Hm, so those two are next.
I wonder how the match will go.
Why are you here acting like you belong here?!
VIP Room
Well, it seemed like the match'd start without me if I didn't get my ass in gear.
Since I'll be facing whoever wins this round,
Out!
Get out!
Go over there!
Who do you think you are?!
I need to get a good look.
You're just a two-bit chef...
Huh?
Look who's with Nakiri-san...
Soma-kun?
What?
We'll now have round two of the semi-finals!
a Western-style main dish.
Very well.
Let the cooking...
Beasts Devouring Each Other
Oh, Hayama's bringing out his ingredients.
Is that chicken?
No.
That's...
Duck!
His dish will depend on how well he takes advantage
of duck's unique flavor profile.
So he's Hayama Akira, the master of spices.
He knows exactly what he's good at.
A chef's sense of taste
is a compendium of all the flavors they've experienced in the past.
It's cumulative.
Yeah.
If you can add a sense of smell that's keen enough
to tell apart individual ingredients of various spice mixtures,
you've basically gained twice the impetus as a chef.
In addition to having a genius sense of smell,
he has been receiving the Totsuki education from his first year in junior high.
Hayama Akira is one of the super elite.
After Nakiri Alice, he's one of the top candidates to become one of the Elite Ten.
Hey, about this match...
Yeah, the odds are 8 or 9 to 10 that Hayama Akira will win.
Come to think of it,
according to Mitsuru, rumors have it
that Hayama is the favorite to win among the students.
What do you think, Nakiri?
Well, I was once in the same class as Kurokiba-kun.
The dishes he cooked up in the class were far from good.
It wasn't enough to fail the class,
but the dishes lacked spirit,
as though they were made just well enough to pass the class.
That was all the more reason
I was so surprised by his original creation in the preliminaries.
Oh, that's why you're hopeless, Erina!
Excuse me!
Ryo-kun's true talent cannot be measured by logic alone!
Eel?!
Seriously?
I'd heard seafood was his specialty,
but this is unexpected.
Will he broil it Japanese-style?
Nah, the topic is Western cuisine.
French and other foreign cuisines
have dishes using eel.
It's not an ingredient limited to Japanese cuisine.
Eel...
Could he be trying to make...?
Hey, about what you said earlier,
what did you mean?
About logic not being enough to understand his abilities?
I didn't peg you to be the type to talk about mind over matter, Alice.
You're all about creating dishes using science and logic, aren't you?
This has nothing to do with mind over matter.
It's just a fact that Ryo-kun's dishes
are infused with something that goes beyond the expectations of logic.
I have to win.
If I don't win,
I have nowhere I can call home.
If I don't win here,
I'll die!
You see, Ryo-kun survived
in a kitchen straight out of hell.
He only had his skills to rely on in a horrible environment.
In order to live, Ryo-kun gained an absolute focus on taste,
and a fierce combativeness that smolders within him!
Ryo-kun and I have competed in cooking matches almost every day,
and he's never slacked off in any of them.
Whenever there's a match,
he is absolutely bent on trying to shred you into pieces.
If there is something I, myself, lack in a match, that would be...
Nope, never mind.
If there is something I lack,
it's that a fierce obsession to win, an obsession as hot as molten lava!
If there's anyone here who has that in spades, is Ryo-kunI'm sure of it.
An eel knife! It's a special knife for filleting eel.
So he's well-versed in Japanese culinary techniques, as well.
This face-off is reminiscent of a match between
a Stellar's sea eagle that has always flown high above,
and a vicious tiger who seeks to drag its prey down to the ground with its jaws!
I don't like how I don't sense any heat from you about our battle.
This is war.
Get out if you're not gunning to win!
You're right.
I may not be as focused on winning as you.
But the reason for that is simple.
With my sense of smell,
it's hard to imagine how I could lose against you.
What did you say?!
Now,
sound the ultimate melody of fragrance..
The fragrance of spices and the duck are intertwined!
It's unbelievable!
He's using coriander, fennel, oregano, and...
I can't tell! It's too complex!
How can you create such a wonderful aroma?
It's spicy, yet mellow.
Faintly sweet, yet fragrant.
You can practically feel the presence of royalty.
In this moment, he dominates this space.
What's with him?
Where did his earlier energy go?
Was he discouraged by the applause for his opponent?
He doesn't even hear the audience.
Right now, Ryo-kun's senses are only picking up information like
the degree of browning of the eel,
the sizzling sound and smell of fat,
and the weight of the eel.
He's focused only on what's happening in the pan.
Kick all my senses into full throttle.
Don't miss the exact moment when the eel's reached cooked perfection!
Come!
Come!
Come!
Now!
It's done!
Like I thought, Kurokiba-kun's going for matelote.
Matelote?
It's a cooking method where fish is braised with wine.
Huh.
Oh?
Wait, though he split the eel open,
he put it back together.
He wrapped the eel in caul fat to restore its original shape before cooking it.
Caul fat's the mesh-like thing that covers beef and pork organs, right?
That's right.
The fat adds richness of flavor, increasing the dish's impact.
It's a very Ryo-kun thing to do.
Fluffy mashed potatoes and home-made brioche.
So he deals out the many cards at his disposal to overwhelm his opponents.
That's how he's been constructing the destructive power of his dishes.
You can try to win over the audience with your aroma theatrics as much as you want,
but I don't give a shit.
I'll just tear right through it.
I have my own cards, too.
Besides, what's the point of having a lot of cards
if you can't master them?
Hayama's always been calm before.
Now he's like a totally different person!
He's never had to show his claws before,
but now he finally has.
That's what his laugh seems to be saying.
It's done.
Candidate Hayama is first to serve his dish!
Its rich aroma has already enveloped the arena!
Here is my dish, Canard Apicius.
It's the dish said to have been beloved by Apicius, a gourmand in Roman times.
It glistens from the caramelized honey.
The spices sprinkled across the duck meat are very fragrant.
The aroma's enough to make you melt.
What will happen once you take an actual bite?!
Let us have a taste.
What a gorgeous and spicy aroma piercing through my body!
Even after you've chewed and swallowed the bite,
the fragrance continues to spread throughout your nose and mouth!
I'm so happy!
What an unbelievable combination of fragrances!
I've been seized by
the talons of aroma magic!
Though we summarize them as spices,
each have unique characteristics that are limitless.
Some are quite hot,
others faintly sweet.
Some are refreshing and astringent,
while others are bitter.
This dish demonstrates full command of their delicate power balance.
It would not be possible without his sense of smell!
Full frontal assault!
Fragrance is what will rule the culinary world.
No matter how many cards you may add to your deck,
your cards would never be my equal.
Kurokiba's eyes...
What?
They haven't lost all hope.
Hayama Akira.
I finally sense the heat of battle within you.
Food Wars Card
It wouldn't be worth fighting back otherwise!
The challenger is Candidate Kurokiba!
What ace does he have up his sleeve as a specialist in seafood cuisine?
Have a taste!
My dish is Eel Matelote!
Oh, my!
What a massive portion size!
The use of caul fat during the cooking process has heightened the eel's juiciness!
Hmph.
In terms of the aroma, he falls far short.
No one who's all bark and no bite can serve a decent dish
Quit yappin' and eat before it gets cold.
Oh?
What the hell?! Want me to teach you some manners?!
If you think you can act up just because you're a student,
I can teach you different right here, right now!
Stay calm, Taki-senpai!
Stay calm!
Now, let's have a taste.
Oh, my! The eel has been simmered through. It's so tender.
The eel was marinated in red wine with cinnamon before it was cooked,
which imparts a fresh flavor.
I've rigged the eel with explosives.
It's got a detonation device designed to blow you out of the running.
What is it?
What's this electrifying jolt in my mouth?!
In the eel, Kurokiba hid...
Food Wars
Plum
Plums?
Japanese plums?!
He paired plums with eel?!
The slick eel fat's been infused with the plums' fruity acidity,
creating a taste sensation that goes right to your brain!
I'm numb...
The eel was stuffed with reconstituted dried plums,
then wrapped with caul fat.
So that's what you meant.
It's an explosion of acidity from the plums.
Shut up and watch.
Next!
Take the brioche and mashed potatoes
and dip them into the sauce that's full of umami from the simmered eel.
Make sure to add some of the eel flesh, and shove the whole package into your mouth!
Keep on eating, with no shame
until you can't stand up anymore!
Shit!
This is a festival of gourmet food at Totsuki Academy!
He should try to be more civil!
But...!
This is where things will really explode!
The mashed potatoes' entangling texture...
The fluffy brioche!
The eel's sweet fat and the plums' acidity...
They're all rioting in my mouth!
All the flavors melding into one harmonious whole!
This is different from
Hayama Akira's bewitching flavors that threaten to take you to nirvana.
This is an explosive burst meant to pierce any defense!
Flavors so delicious that they subdue all prey!
Shit... I can't resist!
I am a lesser being before him.
I have become the prey!
I bet you thought you had won.
Caught you!
This concludes the evaluation!
We'll now enter the final assessment.
Judges, please cast your vote for the candidate who served the better dish!
The vote's finally starting.
But...
The judges are paralyzed.
Until now, all the matches have been decided right away.
Our alums are having trouble deciding, despite all the experience they have?
I've decided!
I believe my vote is for Hayama-kun!
I vote for Hayama Akira, as well.
He got two votes.
So Hayama's the stronger candidate.
Maybe it's decided, then.
So it's Hayama, after all.
His dish was impressive.
I believe my vote is for Kurokiba Ryo.
But why?
His dish's rich flavors leveraged the seafood's potential.
I saw sophistication in that masculine, destructive flavor!
I judge his dish to be worthy of acknowledgment in the Autumn Elections.
Which one should it be?
Both expressed their individuality in their dish!
But the one whose dish had the greater impact was...
Shit!
I also vote for Kurokiba Ryo!
This is unbelievable.
It's a split vote.
This is almost like a Shokugeki!
Yeah.
It all hangs on Chef Kikuchi Sonoka's vote.
I can't decide.
Each dish was superb.
I can't rank one over the other.
Cut the bullshit!
This is a match!
It's not over until one of us falls!
Get your act together and decide!
What's the meaning of this, judge?
Make up your mind!
Are you mocking a serious competition?
I can understand where she's coming from.
The two are so equally matched.
Organizers, a word.
What is it, Chef Dojima?
Huh?
When'd they leave?
If this were a Shokugeki,
in the event that a final decision could not be reached,
there would be a rematch at a later date to determine the final outcome,
am I right?
That's correct.
But this is the Autumn Elections.
Our honored guests and the judges all have very busy schedules.
Pragmatically speaking, it would be impossible
to schedule a rematch, unfortunately.
Given that, I have a suggestion.
There is one way to resolve this dilemma.
Let both of them proceed.
I propose that there be a three-way final round
for the very first time in the Autumn Elections!
What?!
A three-way?!
But there is zero precedent!
The judges cannot simply decide to
That's an interesting proposal!
I will approve it with my authority as the director of this academy!
Kurokiba Ryo and Hayama Akira's match is determined to be a draw!
Both shall proceed to the final round!
Yukihira Soma will join the two of them in the final match!
Candidate Kurokiba, congratulations for proceeding to the final round.
Um, any thoughts on moving forward?
Congratulations, my ass!
I haven't accepted this result!
They only delayed the outcome, the little shits!
Ryo-kun!
Heel!
Heel!
Well, let's see.
I regret that Candidate Kurokiba and I are at a draw,
but I'd like to switch gears and prepare for my next match.
Yukihira-senpai!
Senpai, please tell us your thoughts moving forward to the final match, too.
Huh? I have to say something?
This is kind of awkward...
Uh... Well, in the prelims, I was in the same group as those two.
Hayama beat me by one point, and Kurokiba scored the same as me.
I've wanted to defeat both of them fair and square before moving on up,
so I feel lucky to have this chance.
We now conclude the semi-finals!
Next, the organizers will announce the theme for the finals!
Huh...
Every year, the finals have a seasonal ingredient as their theme.
It's considered only appropriate as a choice to conclude the Autumn Elections.
The topic is pacific saury.
In olden times,
it was considered lowbrow fish, eaten only by the common masses.
But in recent years,
it has been served in high-end restaurants,
and made appearances in restaurants overseas.
A dish using this fish will be the theme of the final round.
Hayama Akira.
Kurokiba Ryo.
Yukihira Soma.
I feel fate's strange hand at work since these three are advancing to the final round.
For pacific saury is an extremely fragrant fish,
a highly valued seafood ingredient,
and a fish with deep ties to the common people's table!
It is therefore an ingredient that allows each of you
to capitalize on your own strengths!
The finals will be held in ten days.
I trust that it will be the ultimate battle!
Hayama-kun!
Hayama-kun!
The finals!
I know. Calm down, Jun.
C'mon, how can you stay so calm?
I'm so happy for you!
Sorry, let me go blow my nose.
Yeah, Hayama.
You should stop trying to put up a calm front, and let yourself be frustrated.
There's nothing to be frustrated about.
Oh?
My plans to advance to the finals
and then win the Autumn Elections are still on schedule.
Even though our match was a draw,
you're still putting on airs, spice bastard?
You're only good at using spices a one trick pony.
I see right through all your cards now.
I'll get you next time.
You too, Yukihira.
What are you doing?
Let's go home.
Oh...
Excuse us.
Later. Good work.
Don't deflate without warning like that.
I can't keep up with all the mood swings.
Later, Yukihira.
Enjoy grinning while you still can.
Miss, can you fight me in a cooking match as soon as we get back?
I don't think I'll be able to sleep until the final round, since there's no closure.
So I'm only good at using spices?
Today's semi-finals were amazing!
Fine, I'll show you, then.
The true world where fragrance beckons.
The final round, huh...
I finally got here.
No, I still have a long ways to go.
Let's go see how things look higher up!
Days Left Until the Finals: 10
The Second Plate
Next Episode: Battle of Seasonality
Next time, Battle of Seasonality.
