Train service has been suspended for the rest of the day. I repeat...
ADJUSTMENT WINDOW
When I start walking, he starts walking.
When I stop, he stops.
It's like a god...
is quietly following me.
White Storm (Part Four, Continued)
Um...
Well then...
Thank you.
I appreciate the help.
Hello? Kiriyama here.
Hey! It's me.
CHAIRMAN JINGUUJI
Are you okay?
Chairman?
Owww...
I was drinking until morning with the local support group and sponsors, and just woke up.
I heard the bullet train's shut down because of the typhoon.
So you okay? Where are you?
In Sendai. It seems the train won't be back in service today.
I see.
And, also...
On the same bullet train as you...
U-Umm...
You mean Mr. Souya?
He's fine. I'm with him right now.
Really! He's with you?
So you found a place to stay?
Yes. It's the Seisen Inn near Sendai Station.
Good to hear.
So if you're with him, then...
Yeah.
He can't hear.
White Storm (Part Four, Continued)
White Storm (Part Five)
Um...
When did it start?
Let's see. It's been a long time.
Just over ten years.
Throughout the years, there are times when he can hear and times when he can't.
He's been to doctors, but they can't find the cause.
Stress is the best they can come up with, and can't figure anything else.
And he being who he is, went to the doctor regularly at first,
but then he started saying he didn't mind the silence.
But...
Even though he said that, it can't be easy for him.
I mean...
I started to say, When he talks to people...
Then I remembered the train platform in Morioka that morning.
I hadn't really seen him do things with other people,
or seen him laugh or talk with others either.
In my memories, he was always alone.
When was that?
It was a children's tournament, the first time I won in the elementary school division.
If that's right...
If that's right, then by then...
he'd already...
Um... Does anyone else...
Yeah, well, the people who play him a lot in matches.
That being said, the only people who go up against him are the challengers in title matches.
That only leaves a handful of people.
Well, he wasn't especially trying to hide it,
but there are some drawbacks to it, so when I told him to keep quiet about it...
I just have to finish the match before the countdown, right?
Then, there shouldn't be any problems, right?
That was his response.
Geez, I'm worrying about the guy, but he's carefree about it.
I mean, he's always been that kind of a person.
So even when he says something that's incoherent,
I-I'm sorry! Oh no! Your suit!
people let it slide because he was like that even before.
As for the reception and QA before and after matches, they tend to be similar
in terms of order and content.
It's ironic that as he became better and better at shogi,
people would look at him like he was a little crazy,
but chalk it up to the eccentricity of a genius, and even having fun with the mistaken notion.
Well, if he's in his room now, I'm sure he'll sleep through until morning.
He'll be fine if you leave him alone.
But to be honest, you were a big help.
I was nervous about him walking around in the rain, looking for a hotel.
Right after this, he's got the Jeweled General Tournament's best of seven matches.
So you were a godsend taking him with you like that.
But listen, Kiriyama.
I thought this back in Kyoto too.
With Shimada...
you were, how can I put it, really good at looking after people.
Are you really a modern kid?
Have you been lying to us about being born in the Heisei era, after 1989?
I bet you're really an obliging middle-aged mother on the inside.
I'm 18.
Another thing. It was an entertaining match.
You and Souya had a normal, mutual understanding of each other.
He kind of smiled.
When I woke up the next morning, the typhoon had passed.
Um, what do I owe you?
The man you came in with, Mr. Souya, has paid for your stay.
When I went outside,
Sendai's sky was a vast, fake-looking blue, as if it were a giant canvas painted by a child.
It didn't feel real at all.
Yesterday's storm seemed far away, as if it had happened in a dream.
Even though I'm certain the two of us walked together in the rain.
I went to school from third period that day,
and maybe it was because I was tired,
but the teacher's voice and usual classroom commotion
seemed vaguely distant, so it didn't really get through to me.
And yet...
the sound of the pieces from that match...
I kept hearing it...
and it won't go away.
SHOGI HALL
SHOGI HALL
Hey, Kiriyama.
I heard how rough that typhoon was for you.
Kiriyama?
What's with him? He's in a daze.
He's probably tired, going straight from Sendai to school.
You know, he probably had P.E. That takes energy.
OFFICE
APRIL JUNE
MAY
I just couldn't...
get that sound...
out of my head.
White Storm (Part Five)
Restart
Sis,
Kiriyama says he can't come over today either because he has to prepare for a match tomorrow.
Rei Kiriyama Thank you for the invite
Oh, that's too bad.
Even though this braised pork came out really tender?
That's right! Even though my specialty,
soft-boiled eggs, has been soaking in the pork's salty-sweet sauce?
PLOOP
Yes! What's waiting for him are flavorful, marinated soft-boiled eggs,
created with the ultimate soft-boiled eggs, from the minds of the Kawamoto family's wisdom,
only discovered after dozens of failures!
MELTY
All so we could have a reliably slurried soft-boiled egg to put on the table!
9 MIN
8MIN
7 MIN
6 MIN
Does he have any idea how much time went into perfecting that?
I've got it, Sis. It's eight minutes!
Got it. Eight minutes, huh?
Medium-sized eggs, taken right out of the fridge, in boiling water for eight minutes!
FFFGGGRR
Caught up in the excitement
MWAAARR
The Kawamoto Family's Manual for Absolutely Successful Soft-Boiled Eggs!
Step one. Take your eggs right out of the refrigerator.
Since we're often in a hurry, it's faster to take them out of the fridge and into the pot.
Step two. Make a small hole in the bottom of the egg.
The flat part is the bottom.
TA-DAA
A tool for poking holes in eggs!
Poking a hole in it reduces the chances of the egg cracking in the pot.
You can also use a thumbtack!
ROLL ROLL
Step Three. Boil the eggs in boiling water for eight minutes.
For about the first two minutes, lightly roll them around with chopsticks!
The yolk will come to the center!
SSS
Step four. Cool them off in cold water.
If you don't, the inside will continue to cook!
MMM!
IN STEW
IN CURRY
The result is a life with always reliable soft-boiled eggs!
AS IS, ON TOP OF RICE
IN POTATO SALAD
It took so long to perfect.
We couldn't get the hardness to be consistent because
we had eggs that returned to room temperature and eggs right from the refrigerator.
Having both mixed up the level of hardness!
But now...
BAAAM
we have the power of a new pressure cooker,
which we won in a neighborhood association drawing recently!
SAMPLING
How could I have wasted all that time, effort, and high gas bills on endless stove-cooking?
I had no idea that we could be eating juicy braised pork in just 20 minutes!
WEEPING
SPELLBOUND
And this pork belly, only 58 yen per 100 grams. I was able to buy one kilogram for 580 yen!
PIPING HOT
For 580 yen, we can eat as much as we like!
RICH
TENDER SHINY
Thank you for the food!
Pork belly over rice is the best!
D-Delicious!
How could Mr. Glasses miss out on something so good?
It's a crying shame!
But we can make it again.
And maybe next time it'll be even better.
Yummy!
I just remembered!
I got a photo from Chiho!
These puppies are just adorable!
Oh, let me see!
They're Hana's babies!
You can tell how fluffy they are!
There are five pups! I can't wait to see them in person!
Kiriyama.
Kiriyama.
Kiriyama!
Hey, Kiriyama!
You little...
Kiriyama, you bastard!
Oh, g-good morning, Mr. Shimada.
GRIT GRIT GRIT
After-effect of the shock
What are you, an elementary school student playing a video game while walking?
I'm confiscating this! I mean, game records?
TOUJI SOUYA
You had fun, huh?
Your match with Souya.
You want to see him again, right?
In front of the board.
I know how it is.
SHOGI HALL
Oh yeah.
Nikaidou is out of the hospital.
Nikaidou.
Yeah. He'll make it to the first qualifying round for the Jeweled King Tournament in two days.
Huh? Nikaidou is okay already?
SHOGI HALL
Playing right after being discharged from the hospital? Will he be okay?
Why don't you drop in on him?
Even though this is his first year being promoted to C-1 from the rank-deciding competitions,
he already has two black marks for default losses due to absence.
He was really enthusiastic about it before, so I imagine he's depressed now.
You play ten rank-deciding matches per year.
There are 34 people in our C-1 class.
Every year, the top two are promoted.
In one out of every five, the one with the lowest results gets a demotion point.
If the player gets two demotion points, they're demoted.
I won the final match!
So I'll be Class C-1 next term, the same level as you!
Don't lose along the way!
Because you and I are going to create a legend!
I'm sure he hasn't fully recovered yet,
but just seeing you again would probably cheer him up a bit.
Nikaidou.
He must be so discouraged.
He was in such high spirits before.
Take better care of your shogi, and yourself!
I made a comeback because of those words that he said to me then.
Huh? What are you doing here, Kiriyama?
You don't have a match today, do you?
No. I, um... You know.
SHOGI HALL
UNKAKU ROOM
This is taking a while.
Is he doing okay?
Nikaidou.
I lost.
Damn it!
You little brat!
I never should've worried about you! Ugh, geez!
That was awesome, Nikaidou!
Right out of the hospital and he beats Aono 8th-Dan!
He played the King to 7-9 with a One-Turn Loss Bishop Exchange!
That's a new method!
I see.
If you place the King to 7-9 here,
then my Rook can't keep going.
Were you thinking about this when you were in the hospital?
Damn it!
I see! The King to 7-9, huh?
PAT PAT
It'll be okay Nikaidou!
I carried you that day and laid you down,
SUPER NICE GUY
The ambulance will be here any minute!
then ran all over the place looking for Mr. Hanaoka. I was so worried about you!
Hold on!
I'll go find your butler!
- But now this? - Y-Yes, sir!
Thank you for taking care of me that day!
So, that move!
Do you think they'll name that move after me?
Not if I have any say in it! I'll study it and come up with countermeasures!
YELL YELL YELL
DAZED
Kiriyama!
DAZED
Did you see my awesome move?
I've been thinking about that for the longest time!
And I finally got the chance to try it out today!
Instead of the usual like Gold to 7-8 or Pawn to 2-4,
the attack will go smoother with King to 7-9!
What do you think? Will they name it after me?
Maybe the Nikaidou Vaccine?
It's been my aspiration to create a technique that'll leave my name on it!
I imagine he's depressed now.
What?!
What are you laughing at?
What? What's so funny, Kiriyama?!
Restart
Next Episode Preview
Episode 39
But it really helped that you came.
Of course I'll do my best with the commentary!
I'm delighted to see you all again this year.
Thank you, everyone!
Wh-What is this?
I want it, even if I have to sink my teeth into it.
My first title, that is.
ILLUSTRATION: MIKI TORI
Harunobu Nikaidou is totally back!
Eat this! It's the Nikaidou Vaccine!
