It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode Nine
Kaishou Rinroku's Crime
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories) Sneering Demon and Red Trap
I recommend turning comments off.
Why doesn't the mainstream press report this?
They went and shot him!
Ouch! Better not fuck with the guys upstairs, eh?
This is gonna get taken down ASAP...
Leaked Company Profit Report Poster: Full Circle
Suspicious of a Lover? Poster: Full Circle
It seems there are a lot of uploads like this.
This one and this one and this one...
The posters are Full Circle.
They say the whole world is one circle.
I-I don't know anything about it.
Lately, these crackers have started targeting JJ Systems.
They're on a roll, leaking everything from in-house accounting documents
to info on Chairman Kaishou Rinroku's private affairs.
So cute
Shes Kaishou's daughter?!
My waifu
Hot damn...
The daughter of the upper crust, indeed...
The horse is so cool!!!www
Cute...
This kind of stuff can be taken down quickly with automated monitoring, right?
But there are those who can get around that.
Like they did with a certain song...
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
Oyamada Arata
Underground Software Dealer
Do you think nobody noticed?
In the Joint Coordinating Department...
Even you must realize it.
Bettenou is dangerous.
She turns the words of a certain person into reality...
Or at the very least, she has the ability to make it seem that way.
It seems that Bettenou escaped?
Why have you come all the way here?
Don't tell me you intend to acquire Bettenou yourself?
The police and Kaishou are searching for her whereabouts, too.
We have to find her before they do...
And what do we do when we find her?
Sasa Kazamori
Artificial Intelligence (R.A.I.)
Well...
If what you say is true, Bettenou isn't human.
And besides, she hasn't committed any crimes.
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
Of course she's committed crimes!
I mean...
Shinjurou, it's not a good idea to get too close to her...
Inga
Detective's Assistant
Inga...
Shinjurou-sama, you've got mail.
Are you kidding me?!
We already put out the breaking announcement,
and now Professor Kaishou doesn't show?!
Motoyama Minami
Television Producer
Um, it's Full Circle again...
AD
Motoyama's Assistant
Can I watch anime?
Apparently, Kaishou Rinroku is going to be on TV right now.
A person that everyone knows
is going to make a last second appearance live on our show.
The Roundtable
The Chairman of JJ Systems, Kaishou Rinroku.
This is the man who is working hard to quickly reconstruct
the telephone and internet systems that were targeted during the war,
while at the same time solving a great number of criminal cases
as an adviser to the police.
Mr. Kaishou has requested the opportunity to speak about today's theme,
legislation to nationalize the energy industry.
And we're in commercial!
Just a few moments ago, an odd post claiming to be from Full Circle
has appeared on various bulletin boards and major social networks!
Oh, this. I see.
It seems our lives are in danger.
Why is Kaishou Rinroku going to appear on that TV program?
Actually, the other participants
are a politician who's been critical of JJ Systems,
the owner of a rival company, and a critic who released a tell-all book...
In other words, all enemies of Kaishou Rinroku.
C-Could Chairman Kaishou's sudden request to be on the show be because of that?!
Oh, come on!
Are you saying that Chairman Kaishou of all people
would murder us on a public TV program?
Speaking of Full Circle...
Didn't they recently expose you
Fuwa Jujirou
Solar Power Advocate, Entrepreneur
for putting out government propaganda news reports during the war?
Well, that doesn't have a direct connection to this...
So what about Mr. Kaishou?
Is he really going to show?
Kaishou Rinroku
Assuming he actually exists in the first place...
Chairman Kaishou is here!
Chairman!
Pardon my lateness.
I hadn't taken the train for so long
Y-You took the train?
Kaishou Rinroku
Well, shall we get started?
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
This should be a heated discussion.
Miss, the Master's program is about to start!
Kaishou Family Maid (Head Maid)
Kaishou Family Maid
I don't care!
Again with that!
I'm sure you're secretly going to watch it alone.
Kaishou Rie
Daughter of Kaishou Rinroku, Lives at Home
What am I, a cockroach?!
He looks good on camera, I have to admit...
We're going to commercial.
Chairman Kaishou!
I'll be right back.
I have a phone call.
From home, you see...
I can't believe this guy...
Maybe he's consulting someone about wiping us all out.
Like all of a sudden, boom!
Father?
You know I'm not good with machines.
I don't know the difference between a crack and a hack.
Then why is Full Circle targeting Chairman Kaishou?
They're leaking too much personal information.
You're by yourself today?
It's a public holiday.
Thanks to that, I had to drive myself...
Don't change the subject!
I'm at the site...
Oh my god! And what about the Chairman?!
What about Chairman Kaishou?!
The TV station's server is down.
The nearby fixed cameras...
Kaishou Rinroku
Run! Quickly! Quickly!
He may call the house, so stay put!
Check the email, too!
Y-Yes, but...
Please just do it!
You stay home, Rie.
Father?!
But... That was a live show...
I appeared via private webcam from the house.
Anyway, I'm going to see what's happening over there.
But... They said it was a live appearance...
Give me a break!
You think I'll be satisfied with, He's not here?!
Prosecutor! Over there!
Chairman...
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
Um...
Hospital, hospital...
Bettenou
Eight people have been listed as missing or dead,
among them the participants in a live TV program.
Word from the hospital is...
We're told that there was antipathy between Mr. Kaishou Rinroku
and the president of Solar Field, Fuwa Jujirou, who's been badly injured.
Mr. Kaishou Rinroku will eliminate those who stand in his way.
Strangely enough, Full Circle's prediction has come true.
He isn't anywhere.
And that was on the floor.
Go to the hospital here
Stupid Inga... Where the hell did you wander off to?
Keep out! Everyone, keep out!
Explosion during a popular debate television program... Live from the hospital where the injured are being treated
What's the Public Security Force doing here?
8 people dead or missing
We're in charge of private security for Chairman Kaishou!
We dropped him off at a TV station yesterday too,
but to think this could happen...
Nobody's allowed in.
I've got a fever. Maybe a cold...?
Or it could be the flu...
If I don't get some medicine, I think I'm gonna keel over...
The Defeated Detective!
You're probably the one who targeted Professor Kaishou.
Mizuno Sakon
Public Security Force Commander
I'm Mizuno, the commander of the Public Security Force.
That's Mihara, one of my men.
Mihara Yasutarou
Member of the Public Security Force, Commanded by Mizuno
As long as we're around, you're not getting anywhere near Professor Kaishou!
Mr. Yajima! You were here to pay a visit to Chairman Kaishou, weren't you?
Yajima
Critic
Aren't you a friend of his from way back?
Yes, and if this hadn't happened,
he would be working now as always, around the clock.
Perhaps this will serve as a chance for him to relax.
Was the perpetrator after Mr. Kaishou? Or...
Mr. Yajima...
It's not certain that this was terrorism.
Apparently, the station is very old
and I heard it's possible that this was just a fire.
Please let this person through.
He's an acquaintance of Ms. Kaishou.
Defeated Detective!
Unusually enough, you were successful with Mr. Yajima's request.
But don't let it go to your head.
414 Kaishou Rinroku
Everything is just as Full Circle predicted!
We were almost killed!
And the criminal is in there!
If Chairman Kaishou had taken one wrong step, he would have lost his life!
Right! He just happened to leave the studio
the moment before the explosion occurred!
What a coincidence!
Who would ever believe that?!
Ow! Anyway, I'm not taking this lying down!
I'm not going to see him.
My father's condition would get worse if you did.
Then why did you call me here?
I have a job.
About the explosion?
Doesn't it seem like the culprit is Kaishou Rinroku himself?
Is that what you think?
My father almost died.
Certainly, I can't say that he's a saint.
But he wouldn't do something as stupid
as gathering together people who disagree with him and then killing them.
Instead, he would commit the perfect crime,
which no one would ever suspect him of?
That's right!
Don't tell me this is my fee?
Yep.
What did you talk to her about?
What do the police think?
What was the cause of the explosion?
The military is investigating, too...
But it doesn't seem to have been a normal explosion.
Who would've thought, me, having to prove Kaishou's innocence?
Is Inga still lost?!
Hold it!
Not even a member of the Diet can get through!
Hey!
A Diet summons at a time like this shows no common sense!
Note: The Japanese Diet has a constitutional power to compel any citizen to come testify before them.
Diet?
Ow...
Kuramitsu Mine
New Diet Member
Thank you.
You're a member of the Diet?
Just a newly-elected errand girl.
I told them it was impossible today,
but they ordered me to get Chairman Kaishou's testimony.
You mean as a witness to yesterday's explosion?
No, of course not!
The internal information that Full Circle released the other day
talked about a system that could be diverted to part of the military.
It was information from JJ Systems?
We just want him to explain for some foreign countries
that the system is designed for peaceful purposes.
Let's see... Microwave transmissions or something like that...
The live TV broadcast date has already been set, so...
For the time being he'll need his rest.
Hard luck for you...
The cause was microwaves? Live aerial footage from the explosion site
Train?
No! Train!
You're saying Kaishou came here by train?
No! I said he came here by train!
What did he seem like at the time?
There was that thing with Full Circle, so we were worried, but he was normal.
In the first place, doing it like that, he would've gotten blown up, too.
Hey! Don't be a pansy about it!
Can't you melt the range?
I'll try it one more time!
What was he doing?
You don't know?
The microwave, it's the microwave.
Everyone's talking about what happened yesterday on the net.
People are wondering whether the cause might be military microwaves.
It's the same principle as putting metal in a microwave
and it crackles with electricity, suddenly producing high heat.
We're being told that the cause of the accident
was the dilapidated station building,
so I'm gonna prove that wrong!
It's all scientific-like, right?
I'm sure some people are saying that JJ Systems
used microwaves to cause the accident...
But there's no way someone would have that fired at a building they were in.
What?! I'm proving him innocent!
What?!
What is it?!
That day, I saw...
Saw what?
My father... was at home...
My father wasn't at the TV station. He was at home!
But later, I got a phone call from the hospital
saying my father had been injured at the TV station.
The producer says my father was at the studio, too...
It's just like a doppelganger!
Unless someone disguised himself as my father?!
Why did you tell me?
I don't know...
What's that?
I'm returning your fee.
Detective!
Do you think my father is the criminal?
Damn it! Damn it all to hell!
What are you doing, Shinjurou?
Inga...
You're back?
Inga...
I've figured out where Bettenou is.
Many people have testified that Kaishou Rinroku
was at the TV station at the time of that explosion.
Yet his own flesh and blood insists he was at home at the same time.
The same kind of thing happened once before.
Oh?
It's Bettenou.
The believers in the Bettenou Society saw what wasn't there.
They even saw hallucinations through the TV.
If that's what the Kaishou that appeared at the TV station was...
We dropped him off at a TV station yesterday too...
I said he came here by train!
It was a hallucination, so the details conflict.
The day Bettenou disappeared from the Novelist's side...
Bettenou was still there.
That's enough, stop it...
If Kaishou says Bettenou isn't here, then Bettenou can't be seen.
Inga, you too... Damn it!
What are you mad about, Shinjurou?
Mad?! You can use Bettenou to turn any lie into the truth!
I didn't think Kaishou was the kind of guy who'd rely on something like that!
I tried to prove that bastard's innocence!
Well, then... You can't win.
Inga...
Leave him be!
Since it's come to this, I'm gonna get him!
I'm gonna corner him where he can't escape!
Diet Member Kuramitsu?
Yes, this is Yuuki Shinjurou,
Kuramitsu Mine I'm heading to the future!
and I'm calling about the summoning for the live broadcast testimony...
Amid all this, it's been decided that Mr. Kaishou Rinroku
will be summoned as a witness before the National Diet's budget committee.
It has nothing to do with the explosion...
Diet Member Kuramitsu!
Testimony Live from his hospital bed Kaishou Rinroku Summoned to Testify
The Chairman has expressed a desire to testify from the hospital,
but will he maintain his innocence?
Um, I'm just a low-ranking member, so I don't know.
Is it possible to murder with a microwave satellite?
Remember, the purpose is to have him answer the suspicions of foreign nations,
and he is not suspected of murder at all!
Go to hell!
You're going to make a severely injured man testify?!
Are you ready?
Start.
I'm going to separate the footage and voice that we record.
Then I'm going to replace the voice with a computer generated one,
so the real voice of the person testifying won't be broadcast.
It sounds like Chairman Kaishou's voice,
but it's actually from a vocal synthesizing program.
Are you sure about this?
It's possible that classified information will be brought up,
so just in case, I want to have a time lag.
If Bettenou's power is controlling people via voice,
then switching that with an artificial voice should stop it.
You didn't strike me as the type to talk to a cute stuffed animal.
Was it a present from someone?
Thank you.
Sure.
Your advice was right on.
His daughter persuaded him when I told her
that her father's innocence should be broadcast on live TV.
But about those conditions...
What's with the set up?
Consider it a good luck charm.
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
The preview this time too is inspired by Red Trap from Ango Torimonochou.
I'm tired of this pattern! It's boring!
The original idea was a segment of me
not being able to read the original story and riffing on the gap,
and riffing on the gap between it and modern stuff.
But the scriptwriter has totally forgotten that
and only just remembered now, but it's too late!
I laid it out straight! You got a problem with that?!
Next time on UN-GO: Kaishou Rinroku's Funeral.
Kaishou Rinroku's Funeral
Inspired by Sneering Demon and Red Trap from Ango Sakaguchi's Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Detective Stories)
Yeah, that's right! He's gonna die!
You got a problem with that?!
