It wouldn't be a surprise if you had perished in that battle.
Still, I prioritized your healing, and allowed you to live.
So that you could answer my questions.
You're the witch we met at Dimitrie's castle, right?
What were you doing there?
What is he to you?
Are you also trying to bring about the Ultimate Chaos?
You seem to be talented for summoning demons.
Were you the one who summoned the Demon Lord and triggered the Great Hall Tragedy?
To murder the leaders of the Union and Alliance right in the heart of Eramu...
There's no way you can do that by yourself.
It's impossible without the backing of an organization.
Am I right?
Goodbye.
The Mage Academy has convicted the Black Witch, Jana, of perpetrating the Great Hall Tragedy.
They've sent an envoy to execute her here in Sistina immediately.
Execute?
Normally, this would never happen without a thorough investigation.
What could the Academy be thinking?
In praise of Sir Theo Cornaro's achievements,
as per Academy regulations, we grant him the court rank of Earl,
and officially recognize him as the ruler of Sistina and Bulltava.
In addition, we offer these rewards for the achievement of capturing the Black Witch.
Next!
It's always the same.
Everybody just uses me as much as they can, and then they discard me.
Don't think that I'll die like you want me to!
I offer you my soul! Demon Lord Release!
Is she summoning the Demon Lord by herself?
B-But that's...
Just like the Great Hall...
Don't think this is over now.
You're all going to hell, and I'll be waiting for you!
Theo Cornaro has been recognized by the Mage Academy as ruler of Sistina
for defeating the Rossini family and capturing the Black Witch.
I have no interest in him.
The only one we need to be wary of is the king of Sievis, Lassic David.
But Theo Cornaro, previously retainer of the Forest of Eternal Darkness,
is popular among the Altirk people.
If word spreads that he liberated his homeland of Sistina from the Rossinis' oppression,
the free Lords' current revolt will surely gain momentum.
Allow me to report, sir.
The free Lords are assaulting our fortress!
What?
With a force of 1,000 men in position, how could they only last for less than two days?
Apparently, they were surprise-attacked while half the force was away on a diversionary mission.
I'm told that there were witches and werewolves among the enemy ranks.
- Sir Milza? - What?
This is no longer a mere uprising.
We should assume that the citizens of Altirk have declared war on us as soldiers.
I'm well aware of that!
The question is, why aren't my citizens obeying us?
I'm only exercising my legitimate right to rule over them, according to the court rank system.
You're absolutely right.
Citizens must obey the will of their ruler.
Should they join forces with someone other than their ruler, that makes them our enemy.
Are you telling me to kill my citizens?
I believe that might be unavoidable.
True, it would doom some innocent citizens to die as well.
But that blame should rest on those people who are using them as a front to revolt.
Please firm your resolve.
Resolve, eh?
I'll take up that suggestion of yours.
But I'll be the one to decide where we attack.
As you wish.
We'll start with the White Witches' village.
After that, the Werewolves' village.
And finally the stronghold of the free Lords who attacked this fortress!
I'll show my resolve to the citizens of Altirk!
This way! Hurry! Hurry up!
Hurry! Get inside!
I was too deferential to Villar's people.
From here on, I can go about invading Regalia with impunity.
I hope it will prove to be that easy.
Everything's proceeding exactly as you want it to, so what's making you anxious?
That would be Theo Cornaro.
What if he returned to Altirk...
Theo's nothing special.
Even in Sistina, all he did was incite the masses, and after forcing them to make sacrifices,
he's complacently playing the hero.
Sir, if I may, that's exactly what it means to strive for the king's path.
How absurd.
However, your suggestion has opened my eyes to the fact that my resolve is still lacking.
From now on, I will mow down anyone who stands in my way.
No matter what kind of path I take, I shall never stop, nor turn back!
What should we do now?
Our village must've been burned to the ground.
Theo Cornaro!
That young boy is coming back!
A report came in that both the villages of the Werewolves and the White Witches
have been burned down by Prince Milza, and that all citizens who resisted have been purged.
We'd better hurry.
I always knew that after battling the Rossini family, my next opponent would be Milza.
He'll be difficult to overcome.
But unless I bring him down, the Treaty has no future.
So good to see you back!
Thanks.
And bravo on your conquest of Sistina!
Laura!
I heard that you committed suicide.
Thanks to Helga's poison, I didn't get to die, after all.
I'm serving Lady Eudokia now.
Theo, during this conference, I'd like to ask to serve under you.
Would you mind waiting just a little longer?
You sure know how to keep a guy in suspense.
Well, since we first fought each other, our positions have changed.
When your court rank goes up, it's just more toil and trouble!
You said it.
Moreno?
Would it be all right if I took the reins during this conference?
If you take charge when you're not even the leader's mage,
it would be like proclaiming a change in leadership.
Well, we are asking Sir Lassic to hold off on his request to serve Sir Theo.
So you want to show everyone that he does intend to have Sir Lassic serve under him?
That's correct.
Well, I'd tread carefully. There are still quite a few Lords who resent Sir Theo.
When they blame you guys for all the people who lost their lives while you were gone...
Right. I'll be careful.
Now then, let us begin the Altirk Treaty Lords' Summit.
- Siluca. - Yes, sir.
Before we start this conference,
I'd like to offer a moment of silence for the many Altirk Lords
who lost their lives while I was away in Sistina.
Thank you.
Now, then
What you achieved in Sistina was truly magnificent.
That said, it only makes me wish all the more that you'd remained on the Continent.
I'm not so sure about that.
If Sir Theo is to be held accountable for being absent,
then those of us who were here have even greater culpability.
I'm not talking about culpability.
I merely wished to point out how great a blow it was to not have the hero, Sir Theo, with us.
But despite being a Lord of this Treaty, his decision to prioritize the liberation
of his homeland over the war with the Alliance seems questionable.
Rather than who's to blame, shouldn't we be discussing the future of the Treaty right now?
But then, you do seem to be anxious about who the next leader will be, Sir Alfred!
Lady Eudokia, do you have any views that you'd like to share?
I, for one, would prefer to have Sir Lassic continue to lead the Treaty.
Currently, my nation, Haman is under constant attack by the Nords who have settled in Starck.
We have staved off invasion by offering them money and goods,
but it won't be long before our coffers are depleted.
Before that comes to pass,
shouldn't our first order of business be to bolster our current regime
under Sir Lassic, and take on Milza?
Yes, I agree.
You're absolutely right about that.
I, too, agree that now is not the time for our leadership to change.
And just as Sir Alfred mentioned earlier, I am to blame for the deaths of so many Lords.
He's acknowledging it.
For that reason, I hereby vow to invade Altirk, and bring down Milza, the prince of Dartania!
Of course, I can't do that on my own.
I'd like to ask for your assistance.
Sir Theo, are you saying that you'll lead the charge to defeat Prince Milza, and regain Altirk?
As long as I have the approval of Sir Villar's younger brother, Selge.
I'm not capable of defeating Milza. I'm well aware of that.
He's acknowledging it!
Of course, that's not the only reason.
If Sir Selge has no objection, I assume there's no problem.
By the way, Sir Theo, you're confident that you can defeat Milza in battle, right?
I have no confidence for that.
But if I don't defeat Milza, the Treaty will have no future.
And it will also allow us to carry out Sir Villar's legacy.
It's been quite a while, but I've baked some sweets.
I hope that you find them to your liking.
Now, then, first of all, your conquest of Altirk was brilliant.
It took much longer than I'd anticipated, and for that I am embarrassed.
Those unfamiliar with Altirk's uniqueness will have their excuses,
but if it hadn't been you, they would've fled that land by now.
Not that it matters to the people who rule over them, though, right?
That's not true. Some rulers force their people into slavery, after all.
But turning them into slaves makes it easier for them to give up.
They become rebellious because they're given some semblance of freedom.
I hear that the slaves are in revolt in Starck.
I may be the leader of the Alliance,
but I don't intend to meddle with the Lords regarding their management of their territories.
That said, I will not accept instability in any regime.
All the more so if that becomes the reason why the Alliance is refused their cooperation.
Suppressing them by force will only breed ill will.
Better to give it time, and bring the disorder under control slowly.
While that's happening, I shall pry away Regalia and Haman.
Haman is my prey!
Once the battle with Earl Le Couleurs ends, I, too, plan to advance into Ozeri from Bulltava.
I'm counting on you.
The Earl of Nord has Bredland, the small continent to the north, more or less in his clutches.
He's sure to move on to the Union next.
The Lords of the Union lack cohesion, and therefore should be no match for Sir Erik.
However, it's Theo Cornaro who has me worried.
That man will be aiming to liberate Altirk.
Sooner or later, I will deal with him.
Don't underestimate the Union's ability to muster troops.
If the need arises, please request reinforcements.
You too, Lady Ulrika. No matter what situation Starck may be, I'd like you to respond.
Understood.
At any rate, the three of us need to join forces to defeat the Altirk Treaty.
Sweets, too, taste better in a gathering like this one, rather than partaken alone.
Enter.
What is it?
Theo Cornaro just declared his intent to take back the Forest of Eternal Darkness.
With your permission, I shall return to Altirk at once.
Sir Milza?
Whatever you do, don't misjudge Theo Cornaro's abilities.
Understood.
We'd like to take on Milza here in this forest.
We'll use this forest as our foothold to defeat Milza, and then take back Altirk!
The Dartania forces number 10,000 in all. Compared to that, we have 2,000.
If we fight them head on, we have no chance of winning.
However, we do have the geographical advantage.
With its massive army,
Dartania can't move freely throughout the heavily-wooded Forest of Eternal Darkness,
and their mobility will also be impaired.
As long as we fight in the Forest of Eternal Darkness, we can win for sure.
The issue is actually what comes after.
Eventually, we'll have to leave this forest, and advance on Castle Unicorn.
But in order to seize Castle Unicorn with its heavy defenses, several conditions must be met.
For starters, troops, I think?
We'll probably have to call on all of the Altirk Treaty's forces.
Yes. Ideally, we'd gather a vast number of troops,
and seal the Dartanian forces inside Castle Unicorn.
Our leader, Lassic, is already working to gather the entire Treaty army.
The other issue is enemy reinforcements.
Fortunately, Waldlind is currently battling the Earl of Le Couleurs,
and cannot spare any men from their vast army.
What other nations can come to their aid?
Dartania itself, and Starck.
Regarding Dartania,
I'm told that an anti-Milza faction has emerged, so we are now seeking their cooperation.
Rumor has it that in Starck, the slaves are in revolt.
Yes, I've heard that.
If that's the case, what if we capitalize on that?
I would like to do just that, but...
Who should we send in?
Allow me to go.
My family, the Rossinis, ruled Sistina with tyranny.
I know how to contain a rebellion by the people.
The opposite, too, of course.
Then can I impose on you?
Leave it to me.
As you have heard just now, that's the situation we're in.
We don't know when we might falter,
and if that happens, we can't get back on our feet.
It'll be like crossing a river on thin ice.
But we have no choice but to do it!
Apparently, Theo Cornaro has declared his intent to kill you, and liberate Altirk.
His seizure of the Forest of Eternal Darkness is just the first step.
Seized?
After sneaking back the way he did, how dare he claim that he stole it from me!
You're absolutely right, but since the death of Villar, the earl of Altirk,
the Forest of Eternal Darkness is your domain, Sir Milza.
I can crush Theo with my eyes closed. We're mobilizing!
Please wait!
What is it?
It would be too risky to invade.
We should wait for them to exit the forest.
Do you think that I'll lose to a nobody like Theo?
In any other place but the Forest of Eternal Darkness, you would never lose.
But a battle in that demon territory
would put our forces at an overwhelming disadvantage!
And Theo Cornaro is a far more dangerous opponent than you think
Shut up!
I have already offered my opinion.
The decision is yours to make.
I've already given you the order.
To invade the Forest of Eternal Darkness, and kill Theo.
Start your preparations at once!
As you wish.
Damn you, Theo Cornaro. I'll make you regret throwing down the gauntlet at me!
RETURN
EPISODE 16 OUTPOST
