We're going to sally.
I-I beg your pardon?
That would be suicidal!
We should at least wait until Lady Marrine's troops get here
You would expose the Margrave of Waldlind to danger, then?
No, I didn't intend for...
But I believe that if you and Lady Marrine fought together, we could overcome this.
And perhaps we could. But what would happen if we failed?
Waldlind's Knights-at-Arms are far too slow.
If the enemy gives chase, they can't flee.
However, at this rate, it's you who...
Don't belittle me!
No matter how vast the enemy forces, I will not lose.
If they're attacking in full force, that just makes it more convenient.
I beg of you!
I beg of you, please be patient for just a while longer.
As long as we're barricaded inside Castle Unicorn, we can't get captured so easily.
Lady Marrine will definitely turn the tide!
Telius. Whose contracted mage are you?
Lady Marrine's.
But I've been sent to serve you, Sir Milza.
Yes, you've served me well all this time.
I've always decided everything on my own, and I've always led the charge.
But I know there are limits to such things.
And you taught me that.
Sir Milza.
It's all my fault for lacking talent.
I don't see it that way.
My plan was to replace the Eramu mages and usher in the age of the Lords.
But apparently he'd sensed the advent of the age of the people.
If I do fall to Theo, it means that this era didn't choose me.
Perhaps soon we'll see an age when the people choose their own Lords.
But I will never acknowledge it.
When you mobilize, I will accompany you, Sir.
Do as you like.
Understood!
Charge!
The Dartanian forces are attacking!
Everybody, get into position!
Send the signal, and notify them of the enemy attack!
So he's finally coming.
He'll eventually assault this base as well.
Let's settle this once and for all with Prince Milza.
Just as I'd hoped.
First, we'll strike the south!
We'll slash through the enemy lines and get to Cornaro's base!
Ignore the fort! We can't afford to waste any time here!
Here they come!
Okay, we're going out.
We'll drive the reinforcements back beyond the bridge!
Don't falter! Keep pushing forward!
Withdraw! Withdraw at once!
Father!
This way!
I hoped to distinguish myself here to increase my influence at the next Lords' summit, but...
What do you have against the Earl of Sistina leading the Treaty?
Only those who come from a long line of eminent Lords are fit to rule as leader.
And yet the ruler of our Treaty could soon be Theo Cornaro, a commoner!
Utilizing the power of the masses to win battles has never been done before!
Doesn't it feel like a new era is coming?
I do feel it.
That's precisely what terrifies me.
Why is that?
Because I don't see myself in that era.
That's our next target!
That's the Kilhis army, isn't it?
They're currently led by Baron Jorgo, the son of the Theater King, Solon!
Approximately 1,000 troops!
I'm going to destroy them!
The Dartanian forces are headed this way!
I guess there's no stopping them.
All right, let me prepare to die.
Although I'd intended to live a dull life...
Don your masks!
We shall now become the founder of the Dalaras family, the Lion King!
Let the curtain rise!
Who's the leading man? Who's playing the minor role?
That will be revealed when the curtain goes down.
So they've made it this far.
We fought the Dartanian forces.
Number of survivors on our side, 362.
Number of enemy soldiers killed, 427.
The Dartanian army is powerful.
What's the meaning of this?
Well, Prince Milza's battle strategy is quite flexible.
He might've decided that it would be better to defeat Sir Theo first.
I won't let him!
Pursue Milza!
That's...
- So you survived, Sir Selge? - Yes.
We hastened to join you after receiving word from Sir Alfred.
If you're planning to pursue Milza, please let us join you.
Then let's split up and pursue him!
Understood.
In that case, we'll take the right.
Milza...
I won't let you kill the man who'll soon be my Lord!
Let's go!
Well, this is it.
As for all the volunteers who showed up, let's send them away from the base.
Milza is a dangerous opponent.
Fighting him will lead to many casualties.
From here, the Lords and regular Knights will be enough.
If I may, sir, this isn't just your battle. It's also ours, the citizens of Altirks battle as well!
This is not Dartania!
Please order us to fight!
Please give us courage by showing us that battle flag we've heard so much about!
- Please! - Sir Theo!
Sir Theo.
All right.
If you all have something that you really want to protect.
To take back Altirk...
Let's fight together!
Our target is the Earl of Sistina, Theo Cornaro!
If we can defeat him, victory will be ours!
Follow!
Is this devious, underhanded strategy Siluca Meletes' handiwork?
Damn that devilish woman!
Where the hell is he?
I won't let you through!
Such impudence!
Allow me to guide you...
to the afterlife!
And now...
Prepare yourself!
Explode!
Die!
There you are.
Theo Cornaro!
Fight me one-on-one!
I accept!
Sir Theo!
Absolutely not! If you end up losing, you'll have played right into Milza's hands!
What about the future of the Treaty, and the future of the Continent?
It'll all work out somehow.
It's not like you to accept a duel!
This is also who I am.
Then...
please make sure to win!
That might be impossible.
That's definitely not like me to do.
But...
I also have no intention of losing.
Trust me.
Okay.
Looks like you've said your goodbyes.
This was given to me as a reward for capturing the Black Witch.
I hear it was made of metal from another world.
Then all I have to do is chop off your head!
You coward!
Why do you refuse to attack me?
Because this is how I fight!
Curse you!
You're weaker now than you were that day.
What did you say?
Until now, you only used the power of your Crest for yourself.
But in order to take over Altirk, you've bestowed subjugated Crests on scores of your men.
And your Crest has lost power accordingly.
I can still continue fighting.
But you're already out of breath.
Your Crest's protection is preserving your strength,
but you're almost at your limit.
You don't know when to shut up.
It's not like I've won.
But you've been defeated.
Just take a look around you.
None of your men are fighting anymore.
What did you say?
Theo!
Earl of Sistina!
I will never be defeated!
I'm going to ask, as a formality.
Your Crest, or your life?
I will never beg for my life!
Understood.
Sir Milza!
If only... If only I had more talent to offer you...
Both you and I did everything we could.
But no matter how much knowledge we utilize and formulate strategies,
that doesn't mean everything will go to plan.
It all depends on whether we have destiny on our side.
Even so, I still wanted Sir Milza to win.
I shall accompany you.
I've taken back the Crest of the Earl of Altirk, Villar Constance.
Sir Theo!
I'm so glad you're all right!
Sorry to make you worry.
Please...
Don't do anything like that again.
Yeah. It won't happen again.
Because there's no one else left that I want to take down myself.
Okay.
After battling Theo Cornaro, the Earl of Sistina, in a dual, Sir Milza met a heroic death.
Why didn't he wait for our forces to arrive?
He must've determined that there would be no reinforcements from Dartania or Starck.
And even if we joined them, our forces alone would not guarantee victory.
Moreover, he would have exposed you to danger.
It seems he has belittled me.
What will you do now?
Now that Sir Milza is dead, there's no reason to continue our advance.
All forces, change course!
We're heading back north immediately.
Before the Treaty can start pressuring us, we'll finish off the Earl of Le Couleurs!
Sir Milza...
Rest in peace.
TWO HEROES
EPISODE 18 LEADER
