From the news chopper to the studio-
I'm reporting live from the skies of Hosu City!
I'm reporting on a different story, but look at this!
There is fire and smoke rising from different locations on the streets.
Are these from accidents, or from rioting villains?
We are not getting any information about any of this.
I will report as soon as I know the situation!
Okay, cut!
Keep shooting.
I wonder what that is...?
Where?
Over there.
By the water tank on top of the highest building.
Can you get it?
There are people! Two of them!
Curious onlookers?
In a place like that?
Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate
Let's go back.
Were you satisfied with the results, Tomura Shigaraki?
Idiot. That depends on tomorrow.
The Aftermath of Hero Killer: Stain
Hosu General Hospital
Were you able to sleep, Midoriya?
No, not really.
I didn't think so.
Me neither.
Thinking about it now, we did something amazing, huh?
Yeah.
Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All
Seeing an ending like that really makes you feel like it's a miracle we're alive.
With my leg like this, he probably could've killed us if he'd wanted to.
Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot
Yeah. We were obviously left alive on purpose.
You're amazing to have been able to face him
Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine
after all the murderous intent directed at you.
No, that's not it.
Pro Hero - Manual Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet
Oh, are you wounded kids awake?
Gran Torino!
Manual...
Kid, I've got a lot of complaints for you.
Oh! S-Sorr-
But before that, you've got a visitor.
Hosu's chief of police, Kenji Tsuragamae.
Tsuragamae! Ch-Chief?!
Oh, you can just stay seated, woof.
Woof!
You must be the U.A. students who brought down the hero killer, right?
Yes.
The chief of police came all this way... Why?
Regarding the hero killer we arrested...
He had fairly serious injuries, with burns and broken bones,
and is receiving treatment under strict guard, woof.
Since you are U.A. students, I'm sure you already know
that when superpowers were still becoming the norm,
the police attached high importance to leadership and standards
and made sure Quirks were not used as weapons.
And then, the profession of hero emerged to fill that gap, woof.
For an individual's use of force and power that can easily kill others-
actions that normally would be appropriate to denounce-to be accepted officially
is thanks to early heroes who followed the ethics and rules of the profession, woof.
Even up against the hero killer, for uncertified individuals to cause injury with their Quirks
without specific instruction from their guardians
or supervisors is a clear violation of the rules.
The three of you, and the pro heroes Endeavor, Manual, and Gran Torino
must receive strict punishment.
Wait a minute.
If Iida hadn't done anything, Native would've been killed.
If Midoriya hadn't come, the two of them would've been killed.
Todoroki...
No one realized that the hero killer had appeared.
Are you saying we should've followed the rules and watched people get killed?
W-W-Wait!
Are you saying that as long as it turns out all right, it's okay to bend the rules?
Isn't it a hero's job to save people?
That is why you are not a full-fledged hero yet.
Goodness, what are you being taught by U.A. and Endeavor, woof?
You dog!
Stop it. He is absolutely right.
Hang on a minute. Hear him out until the end.
That was the official opinion of the police.
And the punishment and such would only happen if this were all made public, woof.
If this were made public, you would probably be applauded by the public,
but you would not be able to escape punishment.
On the other hand, this is a bit underhanded, but if it is not made public,
the burn scars would support Endeavor being the hero who saved the day,
and it would end there, woof.
Thankfully, there were very few witnesses.
This violation could be crushed here, woof.
But this would also mean no one would know about your good judgment or achievements.
Which do you prefer?
Personally, I don't want to be the one to find fault with promising young ones
because of one big mistake, woof.
Either way, we will need to take responsibility for being negligent in our supervisory duties.
I am truly sorry.
All right. You'll cause trouble for others!
If you understand, then don't do it again!
I won't!
I-I'm sorry.
Please take care of it.
Because of the unfairness of adults,
you will not be able to receive the praise you would probably have gotten,
but at least,
as someone who also protects the peace,
I can say thank you.
Please start with that next time.
Todoroki...
The fight in the alley that started in an unexpected way
ended like this without anyone knowing about it.
But its influence would continue to eat away at us without anyone the wiser...
They said they arrested the hero killer!
Wow! Amazing!
Hero Killer Arrested
Seriously? Who beat him?
Endeavor! As expected of the number two hero!
Riots in Hosu City Were the crimes connected?
Good Job, Endeavor The End of the Hero Killer
I feel better, but it's kind of unfortunate.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Special Report: Hero Killer!
The three villains arrested and restrained during Hosu City's riots
are all men with unknown addresses and identities.
How are they connected to the League of Villains?
Based on their distinctive appearance
and the presence of two people NHA TV filmed by chance,
there are those saying they are connected to the League of Villains
that attacked U.A. High School last month.
The hero killer, Stain, has killed more people on his own
since the appearance of All Might than any other individual criminal.
With his arrest, everyone around Japan can rest a little easier.
The seriously wounded hero killer, Stain,
is currently receiving treatment at a hospital under police guard.
The police are awaiting the recovery of the victims
to investigate further into the motive behind the crime.
This villain will certainly leave his mark in the history of crime in Japan-no, the world-
Hero Killer: Stain!
Why did he keep committing crimes? What is he after?
I'm reporting live from Ekou Street in Hosu City.
Hero Kil
Last night, just after 8 pm, Hero Killer: Stain was arrested by Endeavor on this street.
It's all anyone's talking about.
Are the Nomus just secondary?
Once the night is over, the world will have forgotten about you.
Not only have they not forgotten, but we ended up being the side story.
Genius
Regarding the incident last night in Hosu City in west Tokyo
with the arrest of Hero Killer: Stain
and the villains that resembled the Nomu who attacked U.A...
You are probably all worried about that right now.
Pro Hero - Best Jeanist
Yes, it is something I am also very worried about.
People tend to only pay attention to big events.
However, it is especially at times like this that heroes must remain calm.
Chaos can sometimes tempt people
and draw out the cruelty that lies sleeping inside them at their core.
Which means, it will be business as usual for us today, as well.
Let us brace our minds and bodies with our tight jeans.
Sure, Best Jeanist!
Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion
Fourth Kind Agency
Oh, I got a reply from Midoriya!
Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening
It was at Hosu City, so that location information was an SOS after all, huh?
I'm glad I reported it.
Hey!
Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu - Quirk: Steel
Fourth Kind's gonna hit you!
Let's get going!
Wait a sec! I'm gonna reply.
Pro Hero - Fourth Kind
Didn't I tell you that you must always be punctual?!
S-Sorry, sir!
Chivalrous Hero Justice
All right, we're going on patrol!
Yes, sir!
No matter how damaged your hair,
the new ingredient, U008 will penetrate deep into each hair.
Curl...
Curl...
Curl, all you want.
Easy curls with just a spritz!
Hair spray, UNERI.
Letting women ride the waves of the times.
They sure work fast.
This is a demo, so it'll air on TV in about a month.
With lots of CG!
Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist
We're gonna be on TV, huh?
Heroes... We are heroes...
Pro Hero - Uwabami
Now, shall we go on patrol?
Yes, ma'am!
Mind, Skill, Body
I see, well, I'm just glad you and Iida are both okay.
Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity
When I got just the address, I got really nervous.
Sorry, Uraraka. There was a lot going on, so I couldn't contact you.
I know you went through a lot.
Get some rest! And tell me more about it later.
Okay.
Uravity, we're starting basic training.
Pro Hero - Gunhead
Oh, right, sir!
Well, I'll see you at school.
Sorry to bother you while you're busy! Bye!
Your boyfriend?
N-No! That's not it!
Uraraka
Telephone Corner
Talking on the phone with a girl is... amazing!
Man, her voice was so close!
Oh, Iida, just now, Uraraka said...
Midoriya.
Iida just finished getting examined.
My left hand might have long-term damage...
Long-term... damage...?!
Izuku Midoriya Quirk: One For All Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A Birthday: 7/15 Height: 166 cm Blood Type: O Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowl
All Might (True Form) Quirk: One For All Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next.
Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class Teacher Birthday: 6/10 Height: 220 cm Blood Type: A Likes: Yakushima Cedar
Long-term... damage...
Both of my arms were pretty beat up,
but it looks like the damage to my left arm was especially severe.
There was damage to my brachial plexus.
But it just means that I'll have trouble moving my hand and fingers
and experience some numbness.
Apparently, there's a possibility that it can be healed with nerve transplant surgery.
When I found the hero killer, I stopped being able to think.
The first thing I should've done was tell Manual.
But I forgot myself in my anger.
Being taken in by the hatred before you and trying to fulfill your own desires...
That is the furthest from what a hero should be.
I hate him, but he spoke the truth.
That's why,
until I become a true hero,
I think I want to leave my left hand as it is.
Iida...
Back then, if I had been more emphatic...
No, stop.
Iida's already accepted it.
It would be rude of me to apologize.
Iida, I feel the same way.
I will let this hand guide me.
Let's become stronger... together.
I feel... kind of bad...
About what?
I feel like if I get involved... other people mess up their hands...
Is it a curse?
Hosu General Hospital
Todoroki, I didn't know you could make jokes!
No, I'm not joking.
I'm like The Hand Crusher or something.
The Hand Crusher!
Staff Room
A phone call... is here! A phone call... is here!
Pro Hero - Present Mic Pro Hero: Eraser Head - Quirk: Erasure Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All
A phone-
Yes, hello?
That ringtone is annoying as usual.
S-Sir!
Izuku Midoriya! Goodness!
Telephone Corner
Thanks to him, I'm getting a pay cut,
and my teaching license is being revoked for six months.
Well, considering the extenuating circumstances, it couldn't be helped.
The part where he just starts moving without thinking is just like you, Toshinori!
I humbly apologize!
It is because of my insufficient teaching...
To cause you such trouble...
Oh dear...
I don't care about my teaching license anymore anyway.
I only got it to teach you so I could keep my promise to your predecessor, Shimura.
And I truly appreciate what you did.
I am who I am today because of your teaching.
You say that, but you never come to visit.
I-It's just that... my new life as a teacher is so busy...
I called today to talk about the hero killer.
I only saw him in person for a few minutes,
but even so, he had me shaking.
Lounge
To be able to frighten someone like you, Gran Torino...
But he had already been tied up, so what was it...?
The pressure I felt from him was probably his strong ideology...
I'm not saying this to praise him,
but it's the same quality as that Symbol of Peace thing you have.
The same quality...
To put it simply, it's charisma.
Hero Killer: Stain's Ideology
As the investigation continues, his ideology and opinion will be all over the media-
online news, TV, magazines...
The current age, for better or worse, is one of suppression.
People influenced by his ideas will definitely appear.
It's true that there will be those influenced by him,
but they will probably appear sporadically.
When they appear one by one, heroes will take care of them like they did this time.
That's where the League of Villains comes in.
The Hosu incident suggests that Stain and the League are connected somehow.
With this,
the League will go from being thought of as a bunch of juvenile delinquents that attacked U.A.
to being recognized as the group with that ideology.
In other words, there's a receptacle ready to receive them.
Even if the malice of each individual is small, if all that evil gathers under one will,
it will swell up to hundreds of times that.
If the enemy general knew this would happen from the beginning...
He's steadily getting rid of obstacles,
trying to create conditions to further his own purpose.
When I heard from Tsukauchi that Nomu had multiple Quirks,
I had a bad feeling...
The man who killed my sworn friend and your master,
the previous One For All holder, Shimura, and opened that hole in your stomach...
All For One must be starting to move again.
For him to have survived after that injury
is a reality I don't want to believe.
Toshinori, that child admires you so bravely...
You should find time to tell him properly
about everything concerning you and One For All.
Two days after the Hosu incident,
the hero killer's identity started being exposed from various angles.
Recently, there've been less people willing to break the law.
My buddies are all complaining about not being able to sell anything.
It's a pain.
'Cause it's a serious crime to develop or sell support items and costumes without a license...
On top of that, there have been rumors recently that legit support companies
have been selling on the black market to people without hero licenses.
I miss the days back before All Might...
I was still young back then, too.
The villains were wild and impulsive, and that turned into enthusiasm
the whole country was teeming with.
It was a good time.
But when All Might appeared, everything changed.
It's all thanks to that Symbol of Justice.
Maybe it's time for me to retire.
About that.
Listen to this.
Just between you and me, I know of a way to make some cash.
I'm only telling you because I know you guys have quality goods.
Have you seen this video?
Huh? Who's this?
It's a video of the hero killer. He's hot right now.
Hero Killer: Stain. Real name: Chizome Akaguro.
All Might's debut left a deep impression on him, and he set his sights on becoming a hero.
He enrolled in a private hero high school
but was disappointed in the fundamentally
depraved view of heroes taught by the educational system.
He dropped out in the summer of his first year.
Until the end of his teenage years, he called for a return to the old idea of heroes
making speeches on the street until he realized resignedly that words had no power.
For the next ten years, in order to fulfill his duty,
he studied and trained in killing techniques on his own.
During this time, his parents passed away,
and that affair was considered non-criminal.
He emphasized a return to the old idea of heroes.
Heroes should not seek compensation.
The title of hero must only be granted to those who epitomize self-sacrifice.
The present-day heroes are fakes who are all talk.
He wanted society to realize this through his purges one after another.
Someone must be dyed in blood...
I must take back what it means to be a hero!
Come! Try and get me, you fakes!
The only one I'll let kill me is the true hero...
This keeps getting uploaded and taken down online, like a game of cat and mouse.
Both sides have realized...
Especially the last part...
This guy's way of life is infectious.
From scoundrels with countless previous convictions to felons on the run,
all the major players...
Including me, of course...
Not that many people have noticed yet,
but the evil that was scattered, hiding deep and quiet in places
where no one could see them,
has now been hit by a single fever...
To go to the organization Hero Killer: Stain is part of...
They have started heading to the League of Villains.
Preview
Here's the preview!
I wonder how everyone's internships went while I was in the hospital...
You curious, Midoriya?
Asu... I mean, Tsu!
Then we'll respond to your request by showing Class A at their internships.
I'm looking forward to that.
But then, your part in the episode will be smaller.
Ribbit, ribbit.
Next time, Everyone's Internships.
You can enjoy watching me in this anime-original episode!
Go beyond!
Next time: Everyone's Internships
Plus Ultra!
