Last time on Fairy Tail...
We set out to find the parts of the clock, and arrived at a giant crypt underneath a desert.
But all kinds of traps were lying in wait for us there.
They're the ones from last time!
So you bastards are here too, huh?!
Samuel told us about The Key of the Starry Heavens.
And we know that a part of the clock is here.
It seems like you haven't found the part yet either, huh?
Isn't that Lulu-chama over there?!
Who you callin' Lulu-chama?!
He didn't call you that before...
His pet name has gotten even more embarrassing...
Encountering each other like this... It's a fated reunion, indeed!
It's proof that we're joined by the red string of fate!
That's not for you to decide!
L-O-V-E!
I'm gonna get you back for last time!
Roar...
I don't have time to bother with you.
Right now, I'm facing a major turning point in my life!
Hot-hot-hot-hot-hot!
Lucy-neesan!
Natsu-nii, be careful!
Just like before, he's got that great nuisance of a shield!
Run!
Footprints of the Myth!
They're not chasing us...
Maybe we got lucky and they got buried.
Just like I planned!
You're such a liar!
Anyway, we've gotta search for that part!
Oh-ho!
Lulu-chama, we need to establish the bond of love!
Would you stop calling me that?!
Dan-san! Right now, finding that part takes priority!
We have an important duty to carry out!
I know! But love is important, too!
You don't know...
L-O-V-E!
I'm sick of hearin' that!
Hot-hot-hot-hot!
Nee-san is on fire!
Crap! I did it again!
Anybody who dares interfere with two people in love
will get sliced up like a fish and put back together on the table!
I don't know what he means...
Feel the might of my magic spear, Happy Lucky!
Be careful, Natsu-san!
If you get hit, you'll shrink again like last time!
I know it! I don't wanna get trampled by you again!
I'm not done yet!
Nee-san!
What is this?!
Oh, no!
Forgive me! I didn't mean to do it! I shrunk the woman that I love!
I-I'm a failure as a lover!
If that's how you feel, then get me back to normal!
Of course!
W-What?!
This actually isn't so bad!
A tiny Lulu-chama has a charm that I'm reluctant to give up!
I think I'll keep you like this as my mascot!
You gotta be kidding me!
Nah, I think I will leave you like this.
And when I get home, I'll put you on my desk and appreciate you at my leisure!
I'm not room decoration!
This way, we'll always be together.
He's made Lucy-nee into a strap!
But she is cute like this!
I kind of want one myself!
Stop talking stupid and help me!
Now, the woman that I love and I are one! There is nothing that I fear!
So let's get back to what we were doing!
Dan-san, attack him later! Right now, we've got to look for that part!
I've got him right where I want him! You go on ahead!
Samuel-san didn't tell me any of the details! I can't search without you, Dan-san!
What should we do?! We have to hurry up and find that part, too!
But we can't leave Lucy-neesan like that!
This is making me dizzy! Oh, that's right! The Celestial Spirits!
Gate of the Archer, I open thee!
Sagittarius!
You called-moshimoshi?
What's going on here-moshimoshi?
Since I, their owner, have been shrunken down, the Celestial Spirits are little, too?!
However, I've been summoned,
and it's the duty of a Celestial Spirit to aid the master, as it were-moshimoshi!
Take this! I shall attack with all my might!
This is perfect!
I had a little bone caught between my teeth from the fish I had for breakfast this morning.
I attacked with all my might, but it had no effect on him, as it were-moshimoshi!
Now that I've got relief in my teeth, I'm going to finish up here, starting with you!
Watch out, Sagittarius!
Sorry! I stepped on another little one!
That's enough. You can go back!
I apologize for not being of any use, as it were-moshimoshi!
We're not getting anywhere this way.
I've got it!
Dan-san, what would you say to getting married to Lucy-neesan right here?
Why would we do that?!
This is a holy place with a lot of history, isn't it? I think it would be perfect!
That's a good idea!
You know this is a graveyard...
Then let's figure out the bridal plan right away!
Right! I'll leave the details to you!
First, we'll want to invite about 50 friends and relatives to the ceremony.
It looks like it'll be a gorgeous wedding!
For your honeymoon, you'll go on a'round-the-world cruise!
How romantic!
You two will be happily married for the rest of your lives
and will eventually become a constellation, the Married Lovebirds, that decorates the night sky!
That's wonderful!
The dawn of my life is near!
I can't keep up with this...
L-O-V-E!
Don't forget about me!
What is this smell?
It stinks! Romeo, you did this, didn't you?!
Forgive me! I'm doin' it to help you, Lucy-nee!
It stinks so bad, I can't stand it!
The smoke is trapped in my armor and I think I'm gonna choke on it!
The red string that binds us...!
Lucy-nee!
Hot-hot-hot-hot! How many times has this happened to me today?!
Lucy, get on!
Give me back my wife!
You saved me!
Happy, fly us right out of here!
Aye, sir!
I'll return you to your original size! That way, you'll both fall from the weight!
I'm back to normal!
Oh, no. I missed the target again.
H-Happy is huge...
You suck!
Dumbass! You're not really a master lancer or anything, are you?!
I can't move!
Sorry! I stepped on you again!
I bet you did that on purpose!
Are you sure this is the right place?!
This is where it said on the map you fools gave me!
I can run faster than anything on normal ground,
but I'm out of my element climbing up a cliff!
Wouldn't this be a lot easier if Lily just gave us a lift to the top?!
But if I did and there was a clue along the way, we would miss it.
It's no good choosing the easiest way. Mm-mm.
Quit bitching! I'll leave you hangin' here!
Asshole. He really ticks me off...
Hmm... It seems like we're completely lost.
I think we've just been going around in circles.
What about the map?
It doesn't show the route in any detail.
There are just instructions to rely on the signs.
But it's weird. If we keep going this way, we should reach our destination, right?
I wonder if the sign is wrong...
That or maybe someone messed with the sign, pointing it in the wrong direction...
That kind of prank would be in bad taste.
It's a crime to change the direction of a sign,
since if someone then makes a mistake, it can lead to a major accident.
But we should be close. Let's keep moving forward carefully while consulting the map.
I wonder if it is just a prank...
Or someone purposefully trying to get us off track...
Don't move, Happy!
If I don't fly, I'm likely to stomp on you again!
This is a precious cultural heritage site! Don't carelessly destroy it!
Now's no time to worry about that!
What a pain!
Alrighty!
You're already back to normal.
Finally, everyone's back to normal!
Alright, let's look for that clock part!
Thank goodness!
But how can we find it when we don't even know where it's hidden?
It's okay. I brought the book along for a time like this.
It might provide us with a clue that leads us to the part!
If I had that book, maybe I'd even be able to find the part by myself!
Give me that book!
Stay back!
Whoa!
Now, while we have the chance!
Halt!
You halt!
I'll kick his ass! In the meantime, search for the part!
Got it! Leave it to us!
Careful you don't get stepped on!
As long as you're not around, I ain't gettin' stepped on!
Wait!
How dare you get in my way again!
This is gonna be the last time!
Stop!
Get away from us!
Lucy-neesan, where's the part?!
Um... um... ow!
This again?!
What a time to run out of magic...
Hold this!
Grab on!
I refuse to accept mercy from the enemy!
Don't be stubborn! Just hurry up!
Lucy-neesan, are you alright?!
I'm in one piece...
Hold on! I'll come down to help you out!
No, don't! Hurry up and find the part instead! We'll regroup somewhere eventually!
Will she really be okay? After all, that Coco girl is down there with her...
Lucy has her Celestial Spirits, so I'd say there's nothing to worry about.
Yeah. Let's do as Lucy-nee told us.
Lucy-neesan, be careful!
You guys, too!
Ow...
Hey, are you alright?
Mind your own business!
If you hadn't reached out to me in the first place,
I would've been able to get back up on my own!
Is that how you talk to someone who tried to help you out?!
I never asked for any help!
You're not nice at all, are you?!
I know someone who looks just like you, but she's a good, honest girl!
Well, that's not me, so don't confuse me with her!
Hey, what are you people aiming to do anyway?
What are you gonna do if you collect all the clock parts?
What do you mean by crusade and chaos?!
Like I would tell you! The question is, why are you people getting in our way?!
We don't know what's going on, so we're just trying to investigate the situation!
Whatever you're trying to do, it's a waste of time!
A bunch of cut-rate wizards like you could never stop us!
Boy, is she nasty!
Be careful! There could be a trap anywhere.
I know...
The traps are meant for tomb raiders like you and your friends.
You're doing the same thing we are!
Look out!
Th-Thanks!
No need to thank me. I was just paying you back for trying to help me before.
You really aren't honest about your feelings.
Even though you have the same face and the same speed as the Coco from Edolas...
Is she really that much like me?
Yeah. I mean, you really are just about the same person.
It's a long story, but in the beginning, we were enemies, too.
In the end, though, we became friends.
Well, that's where we differ. There's no way you and I are going to be friends.
Look, it's not as if we want to interfere with you.
We just think that if it's going to cause trouble for a great number of people,
we have to put a stop to it.
Is that your aim?
Well, in my case, I also want to find out what my father was thinking.
Your father... Mr. Jude Heartfilia, right?
He was supposed to be a brilliant entrepreneur, I believe...
I'm his daughter, but I didn't really know him well...
I'm perplexed as to why he would even go through the trouble of hiding the parts...
But I wish he would've been a little more empathetic about the people hunting them down.
Well, I'm with you on that one.
What's funny?
Oh, nothing. I was just thinking you're a funny girl.
Is that an insult?
No, I didn't mean it like that... Huh?
A dead end... I wonder if we should retrace our steps...
Not a deep thinker, are you? There's always some kind of switch in a place like this.
Don't touch that!
Coco!
Coco! Hang in there!
Lucy!
Thank goodness! You're alright!
Okay! We'll pull you up!
You should've just left that jerk as she was!
Never mind! Let's just hurry up and look for the part!
According to Lucy, the clock part should be right here...
I don't see anything that looks like it could be part of a clock.
We finally made it...
The air's thin up here...
And it's cold!
We ain't got time to take a break. Let's search for that part!
Please, just a few minutes...
I can't even take a single step...
I'm starving...
Oh, no! We're on the wrong mountain!
The part's on the mountain over there! We've gotta climb up that one!
No way!
Just kidding...
I meant to encourage everyone with my little joke...
but it seems to have had the opposite effect.
I'm not seeing anythin' like a part.
Which means it's probably buried somewhere'round here...
What are you gonna do?
This is it! We've found it at last!
It's said that this place contains books on magic from all times and places...
The Magic Library...
Another huge building...
But it looks like not many people come here...
What a waste. Even though it's a repository of knowledge from the past...
These are all books on magic?!
It's even more impressive than I imagined!
Levy-san would love it here, huh?
But all of the books are so old...
Roar of the Fire Dragon!
I don't have all day to waste on you!
That's my line!
This is going to end it!
And when you succumb, I'll see you plunge into a ditch!
I ain't gonna succumb!
I'm smellin' something familiar...
A smell?
Yeah. The smell of someone who helped me before when I had motion sickness...?
Or wait, he attacked me...?
Those are two totally different things.
Was the person a good guy or bad guy?
Alright, let's split the difference
and say he's a minor villain who acts worse than he really is.
Next time: True Evil Revisited!
So what does it smell like?
I guess the smell of black full body tights...
There's a smell for that?!
