Felt-sama, thank you for gracing us with your presence.
Reinhard...
You bastard!
You dragged me here with no explanation, and what do you call all this?!
You surprised me...
What's brought on such behavior?
Don't block my kick and ask me that, like nothing happened!
I've had just about all I can take!
Does the dress not suit your taste?
It looks lovely on you.
I'm not talking about the dress, and I'm not embarrassed!
That's the girl from...
I guess it isn't that easy to change someone at their core...
And not only me.
What the heck are you doing here?
Hey! It's been a while. How have you be
Randaba!
Looks like the hole in your gut isn't bothering you anymore.
If you were worried about that, be nice to me!
Felt-sama, if you have finished rekindling old friendships,
please step over here.
So, what is it you want me to do?
I would like to say, To act more like a lady,
but this comes first.
As you can see,
the dragon gem has recognized Felt-sama as a priestess.
With her participation approved,
I believe it is time to begin the royal selection in earnest.
Even if the Dragon Stone has recognized her,
isn't her selection a bit problematic?
You believe we, the Imperial Knights, have made an error?
The atmosphere's getting kind of dicey.
Yeah, but it doesn't bother me.
It's nyo big deal to me, either...
After all, I've already pledged my loyalty exclusively to one lady!
I feel the same.
My sword already belongs to Anastasia-sama.
Well, my feelings for Emilia won't come in second to anyone!
She doesn't have the self-awareness to become a ruler.
You can dress her up, but you can't give her grace.
She's uneducated, as well.
Silence!
Knight Reinhard,
would you begin by explaining to us what led you to her discovery?
I took custody of Felt-sama in the slums, about one month ago.
She's a gutter rat from the slums?!
Well, sorry for being a gutter rat!
You were the ones who dragged me here against my will!
All of this long-winded blather could not be more tedious.
Of course, I suppose you lived as a gutter rat
because you could only manage tedious conversation...
Oh? If you want a fight, you've got one.
What insolence.
Who do you think I am?
Princess, that isn't...
Many pardons, Priscilla-sama.
What are you thinking, in a hallowed place like this?
I was only trying to teach an untrained little bitch her place.
You won't even apologize?
Then, will you also apologize for being born?
You silver-haired half-elf.
I have no connection to the witch...
Princess, could you drop it now?
I'll be the one to suffer if you make too many enemies, seriously.
Are you all quite finished?
Then, royal selection candidates, please come forth.
Priscilla Barielle-sama and her attendant, Al.
This selection is pointless.
I am the one suited to rule this nation!
All you need to do is serve me and grovel at my feet.
Head of the Karsten family, Crusch Karsten-sama,
and her attendant, the knight Felix Argyle.
Should I become the new ruler,
I will make the dragon forget the covenant it demanded.
The Dragon's Empire of Lugunica belongs not to the dragon,
but to us.
Anastasia Hoshin-sama, of the Hoshin Company,
and her attendant, the knight Julius Euclius.
I'm a greedy gal, so I want everything.
No amount of commercial success can satisfy me.
I want my own nation!
Emilia-sama and the man endorsing her,
Margrave Roswaal L. Mathers.
I have only one wish.
For all to be equal.
I desire to create a nation where all citizens are equal!
Still, after the introduction of all those knightly attendants,
I feel terribly out of place here!
Finally, Felt-sama and her attendant,
the knight Reinhard van Astrea.
Hang on! Don't get the wrong idea!
I never said I'd be the next ruler...
Who'd want to be in a royal selection?!
Are you saying you withdraw from the selection?
Damn right I am!
This is a joke!
I've overlooked this because the situation is dire,
but to drag it out this long is senseless!
He's right.
The Astrea family offers a gutter rat to rule us,
while Margrave Mathers endorses a half-devil? Utter foolishness!
It isn't at all nice to call a half-elf a half-devil.
That silver-haired half-devil
matches the Jealous Witch's appearance, as described for generations!
Why do you not realize that even allowing her in the throne room is dreadful?
Filthy woman!
Enough of your crap!
Subaru, it's all right! Stop this!
I will not stop!
You people are full of crap!
Apologize to Emilia
Subaru!
Allow me to formally introduce myself to the honored council of elders.
My name is Emilia.
I am accompanied by Puck, a great spirit who controls fire,
and I am a silver-haired half-elf.
A great spirit?
I understand that my half-elf lineage,
and other similarities to the witch, subject me to prejudice.
However...
I adamantly refuse to let all my potential be plucked out simply for that reason.
Emilia...
By the way...
What, exactly, is that young man's position?
Huh? Um, well, he's...
It's okay, Emilia. I've made up my mind, too.
Your mind? To do what?
Hey, Subaru, what are you going to do?
Wait!
Nice to meet you, members of the council of elders.
My name is Natsuki Subaru.
I am a manservant in Roswaal's mansion, and I serve as this candidate's...
Emilia-sama's best knight!
Hmm, a knight, is he?
Ah, he knows little of our world...
Forgive me for interrupting,
but there is something I must ask him...
If you truly proclaim yourself to be Emilia-sama's knight.
What do you mean by that?
You just declared that you are a knight.
And you did so here, audaciously, before the Knights of Lugunica!
That was pretty well-coordinated...
Did you guys practice that for this meeting?
Of course.
To make known to all the dignity of our empire,
we are highly conscious of our identities every day.
Do you have the resolve to match that?
I want to make Emilia-sama the ruler...
No, I will make her the ruler!
And you believe you have the resolve and strength for that?
I don't have anything as grand as resolve,
and I'm well aware that I lack strength.
But I'm going to make Emilia the ruler!
I'm going to make her wish come true!
Do you not feel that your answer is too arrogant by far?
Weakness is something to feel shame, not pride, about.
To earn the right to stand here, have you worked hard?
Have you done enough service to shame us,
the Imperial Knights?
I'm still going to make Emilia the ruler!
I fail to understand...
After being so denied,
why do you continue to stand here?
Because she's special!
I understand and accept your reason for standing there.
But I do not think I can acknowledge you as a knight.
What are you...
Anyone who inspires such an expression
on the face of one they wish to stand beside, cannot be a knight.
I-Is being a knight that big a deal?
You just happened to be born into the job!
Don't act like a big-shot with your daddy's name!
Natsuki Subaru,
that is not a beautiful look.
That's enough, Subaru.
I am deeply sorry to waste your time.
I will make him stand down.
Emilia-sama,
if nothing else, he has shown us all that you are not one to be feared.
You have a fine attendant.
Subaru is
not my attendant.
Natsuki Subaru-dono, please leave the room.
Now, let us discuss how the royal selection will proceed.
What's going on?!
What are you doing?
Old Man Rom!
I don't know who you are,
but for stealing into the castle, you must die.
Stop! Let him go!
Unfortunately, I cannot comply.
You have publicly declared that
you have no intention of participating in the royal selection.
I am not obligated to obey your orders.
Fine...
I'll do your stupid royal selection!
You want me to try to be the next ruler, right?
Wh-What're you sayin', Felt?
That old man is my family,
so release him now.
Treat him with care!
Very well.
Felt... I...
We'll talk later, Old Man Rom.
Hey, Reinhard,
was this all part of your plan, too?
Certainly not.
This was something far greater, guided by fate.
Are you a slave to fate or something?
No.
From now on, I am your knight.
Fine, then.
I'll work you to death.
Anyway, Felt-sama and her knight, Reinhard,
may we conclude that you both intend to participate in the royal selection?
Sure, I'm in.
But let me just say one thing.
I hate the nobility!
I hate knights!
I hate this kingdom!
I hate everything about it!
So I'm planning to tear it all down!
How about that?
Wh-What are you saying?
If I become the next ruler,
I'll destroy everything! I'll take down every last one of you,
and bring a little fresh air into this country!
Your mistress is quite an intense lady.
One day, Felt-sama's words will reach everyone's ears.
In any case,
all of the candidates are finally here.
The royal selection will now begin!
And so, the royal selection has finally begun, Subaru.
Subaru- kyun, you're Emilia-sama's knight nyow, aren't you?
Let's both do our best.
Forgive me for interrupting.
Why the hell are you here?!
I wish you would not make such an unpleasant face.
but if you take that attitude
If I do, then what?
It will call into question the respectability of those in your company.
Do be careful.
Now, you asked me why I was here, did you not?
I came to see you, of course.
I would like you to come with me for a bit.
Julius, you shouldn't do this.
It isn't like you.
He insulted us, the knights, before the candidates to be our future ruler.
And he mocked the chivalry we practice.
I admit that he said some things that went too far.
But for such a matter, he need only be warned and corrected.
No, this is not only my problem.
I hereby administer
the death penalty to this insubordinate man, who sullied the knighthood's honor!
Normally, it wouldn't be unusual for you to be slain for insolence.
However, much to my dismay, you are Emilia-sama's attendant.
Therefore, we will fight using wooden swords.
Shall we begin?
Sure, I'm not gonna hold back!
It appears you truly have no pride.
What a simple, vulgar way to live.
Reporting!
Knights Julius and Natsuki Subaru-dono are having a mock battle
with wooden swords in the training ring!
How did that happen? I have to
I just wanna know one thing...
Which one of'em issued the challenge?
I'm told it was the knight Julius.
Natsuki Subaru-dono accepted,
leading to this fight.
Well, I'm against stopping them, then.
But your knight and my, um... friend are fighting.
Aren't you worried?
Worried? About what?
That Julius will go too far,
and I'll have to pay for your boy's treatment?
If it is a question of the mock battle,
I cannot agree with stopping it before they finish, either.
If they're just duking it out,
you could've waited until it ended and told us who won.
Yes, ma'am! But the fight was, well...
It was just so one-sided, I...
I have to stop it!
We should go, too.
You like to watch vicious beasts torment weak creatures, don't you?
Don't misjudge me with your unfounded imaginings, Al...
But yes, I do love that.
Why don't you admit that you have reached your limit?
I'm sure you have now realized, to a painful extent,
just what the knights that you insulted, and made light of, really are!
I believe continuing would endanger your life.
Damn it.
I'll break...
that nose of yours.
I'll crush you.
Subaru!
Don't, Subaru!
Shamac!
This was the ace up your sleeve?
Your skill level is far too low.
Such low-level magic
will only work on unintelligent beasts!
You are irredeemably powerless.
You are not worthy to stand at her side.
Subaru!
So I didn't die...
Subaru.
That talk with the royal candidates...
Subaru.
I see.
Then let's head straight back.
We need to work out a plan for the selec
Subaru.
Let's talk, okay?
I have some things I want to ask you.
A lot of things.
Yeah, I guess you do...
Why did you end up, well, fighting Julius?
There must have been a reason, right?
Knowing you, it must've been important
I wanted to get him back!
Huh?
I was being stubborn.
He said I was pathetic, powerless, and unworthy of you.
He was trying to distance me from you, and I hated it.
That's why I fought him.
Just for that?
Emilia-tan...
Emilia, you wouldn't understand.
I see.
Roswaal and I will return to the mansion tomorrow.
You will stay in the capital to recover.
Wait a minute.
Huh?
Wasn't that our agreement?
But wait a
You came to the capital so Felis could heal your exhausted gate.
No, wait a minute!
How can you suddenly... I...
Because...
When I'm with you, you always push yourself to do the impossible.
That's not what I'm saying... I just
Just?
I just wanted to do something for you, so I...
For me?
It was for you, wasn't it?
No... I just wanted to do something for you
Stop telling lies about how everything is for my sake!
Coming to the castle, fighting Julius, using magic...
Are you saying that was all for me?
I never asked you to do any of that!
Hey, do you remember what I asked you to do?
I asked you to wait at the lodging with Rem.
I asked you not to use magic because using more would endanger you.
I'm sorry I didn't do as you asked.
B-But you're wrong. You're wrong!
You won't believe me, Emilia?
I want to.
I want to believe you, Subaru.
I want to...
But you're the one who won't give me a reason to!
You promised me...
But just like that, you threw it away, and came all the way here!
You won't keep your promise to me,
and you ask me to believe you?
I can't do that! I can't!
Hey, Subaru...
Why do you keep trying to help me like this?
Because you helped me...
Yes.
You don't even realize
how the things you've done for me have saved me.
No, I don't, Subaru.
I don't expect you to...
But it's true! You saved me!
So everything I've done has been to repay you.
I told you, I don't understand!
Maybe you don't, but please listen to me!
It's the truth!
You were the...
When I first came to this world, you were
Once again, you won't tell me anything.
Why won't you understand?
I thought
if anyone could understand...
it'd be you.
The version of me that lives within you must be amazing.
She can understand everything,
even if you don't explain it to her.
She can feel all your pain, sadness, and anger as her own.
I can't understand if you don't tell me, Subaru.
I've...
All this time,
haven't I made everything work out all right?!
When your insignia was stolen, I saved you from an insane killer at the loot house!
I risked my life!
All because you were important to me!
At the mansion, too.
Things worked out because of me.
Without me, it would've been a lot worse.
All of it, all of it, all of it!
All of it was because I was there!
You should have a greater debt to me than you could ever repay!
You're right.
I owe you so many debts, Subaru.
Yeah, that's right! That's why I...
So I'll repay all of them now.
And we'll end this.
You've done enough, Natsuki Subaru.
You know, I had hopes for you.
I thought maybe you...
That only you wouldn't give me special treatment.
That you'd look at me
in the same, exact way you look at everyone else.
I can't do that.
I can't look at you the way I look at others.
It's impossible.
Self-Proclaimed Knight Natsuki Su baru
