Accelerating pulse
Suppressing impulses
I quickly imagine the logical scenario
The fate of two spirals trace over one another
Just like entwining fuses
They believed in the other's seemingly unreal existence
The door that has been forever closed will now open
The wish I entrusted with the stars
Has always been that I'd find a sliver of happiness
The twinkling grain of light
Exists inside of everyone's hearts
Your hero
Wings to the Future
Hey, how's it look?
The monitor! Pull up the external monitor!
I'm working on it!
Hurry it up!
What's going on?
The system's protected.
What?! Do something!
Easy for you to say!
It's on!
Th-thanks...
That was as easy as cracking an egg!
No one's paying you a lick of attention.
Sei, show a bit more respect for our upperclassmen.
Aren't they cool?
Yeah!
Bullseye!
Did it hit?!
You just had to raise a weird flag!
What are you talking about?!
Hey, look!
He stopped that from striking home?
Incredible... He stopped that from striking home?
Don't burn out!
Don't lose!
You can do it!
It looks pissed!
Crap, not good!
Look, he nailed it!
It's toast!
No, wait!
Hey! So close!
Strike! Now!
Take it out!
Nice!
New entry?
Cool!
Wasn't that impressive?
Izuru stole the show!
No, that honor goes to Tamaki!
Not only did she push her high-speed unit to the max in the atmosphere,
she also used it for a kinetic strike!
Oh, Man! Too cool!
Lest you forget, we lost three cutting-edge units in one bout.
And it did a number on Asagi and Izuru's.
Plus the sniper team in space destroyed the Mobile Assembly Extreme Range Cannon.
We've taken a serious hit.
I hate to think how much we've lost in damages...
Stupid! If the pilots complete their mission and come back alive,
you can always work out the unit issue!
It takes time and money to make units!
What good are pilots if there aren't any units?!
Since when did we have to worry about that?
I'm saying that pilots need to use their heads!
Guess they had to go that far to take the enemy out, huh?
I see... So the Wulgaru are just that strong.
It was pretty tough...
Aren't Izuru and the others amazing?
Can you believe Ange? It's not fair he got a jump on us!
I've heard she's fighting alongside Team Doberman. I'm so jealous!
Oh, that reminds me! She sent me a text.
It says she's shooting down one enemy after the next.
Wow, awesome!
If we could pilot the new units- No, I will pilot one before you know it!
Yeah! But not before me!
I'm totally gonna beat you to one, Chris!
Now then,
the battle above school grounds yesterday is a prime example of how to successfully snipe your target.
Do you know what played the greatest role?
I do!
Go ahead, Sei.
Accurate support based on Control's aerial observations.
I know! I know, Teach!
Go ahead, Chris.
Not only did the Booster confuse the enemy with her massive unit's high speed and mobility,
she also used it as an anchor!
No, it was Control's support!
Clearly the Booster played the biggest part!
I know, sir!
Yui!
I believe it was the Forward,
who was constantly on the frontline, keeping the enemy in check.
I'm telling ya, it was the Booster!
Oh, please! Control was way more important!
I beg to differ.
How about you, Anne?
Anne!
Control did the most, didn't she?!
Booster did!
Forward did, didn't he?
Uh... Maybe they won through teamwork.
Exactly!
What?!
No matter how advanced the unit, it is powerless on its own.
Everyone trusted their teammates in this battle,
which allowed each of them to fight to the fullest.
That is why, as you've already pointed out, they appeared to work independently.
However, if any of them weren't present, it would not have succeeded.
As such, teamwork and hearts bound by camaraderie paved the way to victory!
Let's get them good!
Yeah!
Ready or not, here I come!
Hey!
Not so fast!
Fire! Fire away!
Damn it!
Dang, you guys have gotten pretty darn impressive!
Thank you very much, sir!
Not that long ago, we were an even match.
Actually, we'd beat you six to four!
Now it takes all we've got just to land a single hit!
We've still got a lot to learn.
If you guys have a lot to learn, we've gotta up it a notch!
You said it! Izuru's team is already fighting their hardest up there.
As things stand, you guys might get the new unit everyone's talking about.
That's the new unit?
No, it's not.
Instructor Sugita!
Team Hedgehog!
Team Fawn!
I see you've grown formidable together.
Yes, sir!
At least in terms of skill,
both teams stand on par with Rabbits when they were deployed.
So we can count on taking that puppy into battle?
XAHSMB-000...
Prototype: Multipurpose Fighter 87 Ptarmigan,
also known as White Zero?
We've used it in durability tests and various armament tests, but it won't turn on.
If you shop there now...
It's a wonder you can down that fire hazard...
to win a stay at a luxurious satellite resort for 4 days and 3 nights...
It's not even hot!
Everyone, please drop on by.
Gwagh! My eyes!
It's painful just to look at.
It's burning my eyes!
Could you explain what countermeasures the GDF is considering, Captain Komine?
That was part of our classic defense in depth operation: Defense Index.
The GDF made it appear as though we were repulsing the enemy on Ceres,
I coulda sworn the white one in the hangar was the new model...
while defending the frontier to upset their invasive tactics...
I did some digging after that,
and it looks like they're mass producing units based on Ange's.
In reality, we were luring them into battle in Earth's absolute defense zone.
Furthermore, we dragged an enemy fighter into the depths of a gravity well,
Did you access HQ's server again?
which is notoriously difficult to escape...
You could get expelled the next time they catch you!
I'm fine! You know they can't catch me!
I let myself in through a backdoor.
What's a backdoor?
A security bypass... But couldn't you get in trouble for using that?
I did a good job covering my tracks this time!
Shouldn't we tell the teachers about that backdoor?
Wouldn't we be giving it away that Sei hacked in?
Don't make my headache any worse than it already is.
I probably shouldn't use it anymore...
But aren't you curious about the new units?
You know it!
Look!
So these are the new units! I wanna pilot one!
I'd prefer one like our upperclassmen's over these...
I'd especially love to ride Tamaki's Rose 3!
Did you hear that? Miss, he'd love to ride Tamaki!
Filthy pig.
Not true! I wanna ride-
Yes, yes. We know!
No, you don't!
We have decided to gather all of Earth's forces
to launch a massive assault on the Wulgaru stronghold.
The target and other details are classified.
But if we win this battle,
it should prove impossible for the enemy, the Wulgaru, to continue their invasion.
Now, as I'm sure you've heard, we've rolled out new fighter units.
The AHSMB-0006B Shrike...
Based on practical data taken from the Black Six,
created under the New Self-Maintenance Plan.
They maintain the same basic frame,
but are superior Multirole types better suited for mass production.
Furthermore, the cooling system, known as the unit's bottleneck, has been fortified.
They can run continuously for 1.5 times longer than the original.
We are launching a full-scale attack.
As such, you will be assigned to details with these new units.
Ah, quiet!
Now then, I'd like the following students to go to their designated posts.
Team Otter, 41st Maneuver Squadron 3rd Flight.
Yes, sir!
Team Squirrel, 54th Assault Squadron.
Sweet!
Team Ferkel, 902nd Reconnaissance Flight.
Understood!
Team Hedgehog!
Yes, sir!
Upon receiving High-Mobility-type Shrikes, report to your next post.
High-Mobility types!
For real?!
The 11th Flight of the Space Special Forces Squadron, AKA Team Doberman-
Hey, is Doberman...?
Don't tell me we lost the Comedic Three...
Why? Did something happen to Doberman?
Who?
Phew!
He had me there! Phew!
He had me there! That startled me!
That startled me!
Now it's down it us.
Yeah!
I wonder what we'll get to pilot.
That's all.
What?!
Everyone, make sure to report to your assigned posts on time.
Dismissed!
Why didn't you call us?!
Are we getting a different mission?
You're to wait on standby at the base.
Damn it! I'd rush to the frontlines in a heartbeat if this could fly!
We've gotta hold down the fort!
Doesn't this drive you nuts?!
Why us...?
Just because we're younger...!
Isn't that why?
We may have improved, but the others have a whole year on us.
I bet there's tons of stuff we still need to learn.
But I beat them in the cockpit and the classroom!
And no one is a match for me in the speed department!
Apparently that's what everyone thought when Rabbits was deployed.
The Rabbits were total failures.
They fought 99 mock battles, and lost all 99...
Is that why...?
This is how our upperclassmen felt back then?
You mean, like we do now?
I'm not really sure.
I see... So they won't be ready in time.
Yeah...
It can't be helped. Withdrawal to Godinion immediately.
Roger!
I couldn't finish in time...
We wanted to go, too...
We still can! There's gotta be a way for us yet!
What's wrong with you?!
Hacking in to issue fake orders won't get you anywhere!
It doesn't hurt to try!
C'mon, guys!
Let's forget about that and see everyone off!
Good luck out there!
Do your best!
You're right...
Instructor Sugita!
I take it you know Instructor Suzukaze.
Yes, sir...
We were classmates.
Yet she is up there, while I am down here.
Why do you think that is?
Because Instructor Suzukaze was brilliant?
Instructor Sugita, were you incompetent?
Whoa, watch it!
The two of us would drink our morning coffee together.
You mean, she...?
Yeah, the coffee she brewed for me was truly bitter.
Were they really a thing?
What type of thing?
So, like, were you actually...?
Yeah, I often volunteered to take over the shift right after hers.
Wasn't she simply doing her job?
Shhh! Some things are too pathetic to say out loud.
Everyone has a right to dream.
Ultimately, he was nothing but a loser...
Anyway, I had you remain behind for none other than this.
Come with me.
I didn't know this was here...
Not even you knew about it?
The files only contained superficial information.
They were watching your every move.
Lame!
Tell me. Have you figured out what you're lacking?
Teamwork?
We're here.
Where is this...?
It's pitch black!
What are these?
The reason why I had you remain behind...
Yahoo!
Seriously?!
I couldn't let you pilot them if you were puffed up with pride.
Sei, he's talking about you.
And you!
All set! Now allow me to explain each of your fighter units.
Anne Medicum, your unit is AHSMB-007,
Prototype Name: Multipurpose Fighter 92B Gheppio,
Note: Gheppio is Italian for Kestrel, a type of falcon
also known as Orange Seven.
It's a Close Range type that incorporates the concept behind Blue One into Black Six.
Stand as a shield on the frontlines for your allies!
Yui Magallanes, your unit is AHSMB-008,
Prototype Name: Multipurpose Fighter 92C Riesentukan,
Note: Riesentukan is German for the Toco toucan
also known as Silver Eight.
It's a Mid-range Support type.
Feedback from Gold Four's data was applied to Black Six
in order to heighten its focus on artillery.
Its firepower alone could match twenty normal Rhinos in a given timeframe.
Sei Yuzuriha, your unit is AHSMB-009,
Prototype Name: Multipurpose Fighter 92ED Jackdaw,
also known as Green Nine.
A Combat Support type with a large-scale radar system and specialized processor
equipped to the Black Six base.
Its search capacity is 1.3 times greater than that of Purple Two.
Last but not least, Chris Solferino, your unit is AHSMB-010,
Prototype Name: Multipurpose Fighter 92E Swallow,
also known as Magenta Ten.
Rose Three was too large and lacked versatility,
so it's a High-Speed Raid type based on the concept of shrinking
Rose Three down to the size of Black Six.
Okay, activate!
Activate!
Huh? Nothing's happening...
Yeah, they're still in the works.
As idle members of the GDF, assist in their continued development and completion!
WHAT?!
They've finally commenced Operation: Heaven's Gate...
Damn! We didn't make it in time after all...
Even if our units were ready, how'd we get there?
It's starting!
But isn't this footage from five hours ago?
It is?
Aren't we something like 40 AU from the battlefield?
How far is that?
Forty times the distance between the Earth and the Sun.
Meaning it's super far away!
So no matter how this pans out, our hands are tied.
Still, I wanted to go...
Showtime!
Thanks to your efforts, it is possible to roll out these new units.
According to the Engineer Department, all functions are green.
However, they still require further individualized customization, so proceed with caution.
Roger!
Good! Activate!
Activate!
Huh?
It won't budge!
Is there a system error? Why? Did I goof up somewhere?
Everyone, calm down and try again!
The Rabbits really are cool!
Why? Why won't it turn on for me?
Dude, check out your monitor.
Wow, this is crazy fast!
Wow, this really moves!
All systems: Clear. Armament: Good!
I've got a grasp on everyone...
Where they are, what they're doing,
and what I'm supposed to do!
Let's go, guys!
Roger!
The sea in this sky
Is too vast to swim across in one breath
When feeling lost, I offer the precious words
I'm home, in a whisper
I've been thinking this for a long time
Family... That is the boat
That floats in our hearts
Hey, look; We're waiting for you
See how you aren't alone?
The way your warm feelings embraced me
Made me so happy
So show me your smile once more
And say, I'm home
