Sakaguchi Ango
Sakaguchi Ango.
A Mysterious Intellectual...
A mysterious intellectual...
And...
No One Knew Who You Really Were
No one knew who you really were.
Western-style Food and Curry Freedom
Freedom
How's the curry taste?
The same as usual.
How are the kids doing?
The same as usual.
They're all upstairs, so why don't you go say hi?
It's me. I'm coming in.
How are you guys doing?
You're not causing the old man any trouble, are you?
I've got you now!
Hup!
How's that, Odasaku? You give up?
Apparently I'm going to have to show you just how scary the real mafia is...
You give up?
Nope!
Then...
Let's have some Port Mafia-style torture.
Stop! I'll die! I'll die!
No! Stop! Seriously, stop! Stop!
I'll definitely get you next time.
I'll look forward to it.
Hot! This is too hot.
Did you add lava as the secret ingredient or something?
Odasaku-chan eats that all the time.
How were the kids?
The same as usual.
Are those all the kids that lost their parents in
the Ryuuzu Dispute two years ago?
You're Oda Sakunosuke.
A member of the mafia who never kills,
you have no interest in moving up,
and you take care of orphans.
You sure are strange.
You're the strangest person in the Port Mafia.
Not as strange as you.
Here are the living expenses for those kids for the time being.
Are you sure? I don't mind pitching in...
I'm already grateful that you're giving them a place to stay.
And as long as I get to eat the curry here whenever I want,
Hot... So hot...
I don't need anything else.
And you came here today concerning that thing, right?
Yes...
I've come to the conclusion
that they are an organization of gifted members from overseas.
They were being chased by a gifted agency from England
called the Order of the Clock Tower,
and came scurrying from Europe to Japan...
And what did those guys come all the way to Japan for?
They escaped to a foreign land...
So maybe something was already here...
That's possible... But there's one thing that bugs me about that.
You want to say that the soldiers were far too skilled, right?
Yeah.
They're former soldiers...
According to my information,
the head of that organization
uses a powerful gift to command veteran soldiers.
Powerful gift?
Does the boss know about this?
I reported it to him.
Then he ordered me to come up with an anti-Mimic strategy and command the front.
I already set up various traps.
I'm going to ask you something rather rudimentary,
but if it's an international criminal organization with gifted members,
wouldn't this be a matter for the government agency?
Are you referring to the Ministry of Home Affairs' Supernatural Special Operations Division?
They won't show up unless the situation is rather extreme.
Because to the outside world, they technically don't even exist.
And what about Ango?
It's basically been confirmed that Ango
was the one who leaked the passcode on the storage unit.
Did Ango betray the organization?
Everything makes perfect sense if we believe that.
It's me.
Understood.
A mouse fell into one of my traps.
Episode 14: Nowhere to Return
Just like our information said.
Unlocked
What?
Sleeping gas... So this was a trap.
This is an accounting facility that the Port Mafia uses for money laundering.
Three years ago, Sakaguchi Ango was scouted by the Port Mafia,
and worked here for a while.
There are records of Ango here.
Well, I'm going to get to work.
Please don't mind me.
This is a great place to work.
Maybe I'll ask to be transferred here.
Every youngster that's ever said that
usually goes running out of here in less than three days.
Because it's too boring.
Please, take your time.
I found some information that bothered me.
Two years ago, Ango went to Europe on a business trip.
The purpose was to negotiate a deal with a local stolen car broker.
That must be when
he agreed to become a double agent for them.
This was the place where Dazai and I first met Ango.
Would you mind not coming any closer?
You smell.
Two years ago, during the Ryuuzu Dispute,
Dazai and I got orders from above
and were put in charge of taking care of the corpses
of organization members who had died in the dispute.
Do I smell...?
Mostly, it was to bring back their belongings.
If the police were to get their hands on them,
they could be used as evidence for the organized crime prevention law
and it would be rather troublesome.
You must be new.
State your name.
It's Sakaguchi Ango.
Ango-kun...
You are truly amusing.
You reek!
I'm pretty sure the boss isn't going to like you doing things like this.
Are you trying to say that you know what I'm doing?
You're making a life record of those who died.
Am I wrong?
A life record of those who died?
These three died in the incident
that happened last night where executives were attacked.
Umeki Kurehito, Saegusa Shoukichi, Ishige Miroku.
Umeki was a former MP.
He was dishonorably discharged for killing a coworker.
Both of his parents had died.
You're recording the dead's history and family information, as well.
The death of a person is not just some number.
Every one of their lives must have some meaning.
What's written here is something you could never feel
from just the words, three dead.
It's their breath.
What did the boss say about this?
I forced all 84 people who have died so far in the dispute upon him.
At first, he hated it,
but now he says it's valuable information
to get to know everything about the organization
and was rather pleased.
See? Isn't he amusing?
What kind of circumstances cause one to think up such a unique job as this?
There's one way to find out...
We just need to take him to our usual place after this.
That's a brilliant idea.
I'm not going!
I have other work I need to do!
Odasaku! There's one way to free him up!
If we hug him as hard as we can,
he won't be able to work anymore from the smell and the filth!
Okay.
Hold it!
This is my best suit! Stop this!
I'm going to get angry! I'm seriously going to get angry!
I'd like an explanation...
We captured Mimic's vanguard that attacked the casino
with the knockout gas as planned.
One of them committed suicide, but we brought the other three here.
We were planning to have them talk about the others.
We even removed the poison hidden in their teeth.
I know that.
Because this was all part of my plan.
What I want to know is what happened after that...
O-One of the soldiers woke up earlier than expected.
Before we could get handcuffs on him,
he stole one of our guns
and most likely shot his comrades so they couldn't talk.
He also came after us...
So I decided to take care of it.
Is there a problem?
I see...
No, it's nothing.
You defeated the fearsome, unyielding enemy,
and protected our comrades, Akutagawa-kun.
That's absolutely splendid.
If it weren't for your powers,
they wouldn't have been able to defeat
such a powerful enemy on their own in a single blow.
Nothing less from my subordinate.
Thanks to you, all of the enemies we captured are dead.
The soldiers that I worked so hard to lay a trap for just to keep alive...
Now our clues are gone.
If even one of them were alive, we could have found out their headquarters, motive,
their commander's lineage, name,
and the powers they use to command the organization...
We could have gotten all of that important information.
Information?
As if I would
To you, it must have seemed like I was waiting to hear some excuse.
I'm sorry for giving you the wrong idea.
Hand me your gun.
Someone I know happens to be taking care of some orphans...
If Odasaku happened to pick you up from the slums,
I'm sure that he wouldn't have abandoned you.
He would have patiently and firmly guided you.
That's what righteousness is...
However, I'm a man hated by righteousness.
Men like me...
Do this to their useless subordinates.
Oh?
See? You can do it.
How many times have I told you?
Cutting open unfortunate hostages isn't the only thing you're good for.
You should be able to use your powers for defense, too.
I've never been able to successfully do that before this.
But you just did.
Isn't that great?
The next time you mess up...
I'll punch you twice, and shoot you five times.
Got it?
Now, then...
Let's check their corpses. Something might turn up.
Um... What should we check on the corpses?
Everything.
We're going to find any trace of their hideout that we can.
The soles of their shoes, their pocket lint,
anything sticking to their clothes...
All of those are clues.
For crying out loud...
Apparently all of my subordinates must think that beating our enemy
to death is the only thing the mafia does.
At this rate, Odasaku might figure this all out on his own.
I know that man, as well.
Though he is part of the mafia, he lacks the guts to kill a person.
I can't see him associating with you at all, Dazai-san.
You've made two mistakes.
Guts have nothing to do with being able to associate with someone or not.
The other is a warning.
You'd be better off not angering Odasaku...
Ever.
If he were to truly become angry from the bottom of his heart,
everyone in this room
would be dead before any of us could draw our guns.
When Odasaku isn't holding back,
he's more terrifying than any Port Mafia member.
Akutagawa-kun, you could never defeat Odasaku in a hundred years.
No... That's impossible...
Dazai-san, who do you think
All right, back to work.
I know the enemy's trouble, but we need to hurry up and take care of this.
Or the Supernatural Special Operations Division will show up and cause even more trouble.
This is Oda.
Hey, Odasaku. I found a clue.
Would you head over to the place I'm about to tell you?
You discovered the enemy's hideout?
Yup.
Did their soldiers tell you?
Nope...
But we were able to get results from a dried leaf
that was stuck to the bottom of one of their shoes...
It was indeed a leaf.
The one who betrayed the organization, Sakaguchi Ango...
His information must be here.
Dazai's subordinates should be getting here soon.
I wanted to check out the facility before that.
Because I had a hunch...
Odasaku-san?
You mustn't come here!
Why did you come here?
This was the facility the enemy was using as their hideout!
I thought you might have needed some help.
I didn't need any help!
Really?
Let me deduce one of the reasons that you're troubled right now.
Mimic found out that you were a spy.
That's...
Everyone in the Port Mafia believes you're a spy for Mimic.
But it's the opposite.
Sakaguchi Ango is a Port Mafia spy that infiltrated Mimic.
The reason those guys were looking into your room with a sniper's scope
was so that the Graugeist, hidden in your room, wouldn't be stolen.
But why didn't they hurry up and snipe the boss of the Port Mafia?
That's because you lied, and said you didn't know where the boss was.
The reason you did that, as well as everything you said or didn't say,
were all determined by the boss.
Odasaku-san, please run...
I, of all people, messed up...
There are time bombs hidden throughout this building...
They were planning to burn me to death for being the traitor that I am!
See?
You were asking for help.
Let's go, Ango!
How much longer until the bombs go off?
I believe you'd be able to tell with your powers.
Like my gift is that convenient...
But...
It looks like we still have a few seconds left!
Odasaku-san?!
We're going to jump!
Pardon?!
Are you all right?
I'm not cut out for all this adventure.
But... You saved my life.
How much does our boss know?
Nearly everything.
The only one who knew about me infiltrating Mimic was the boss.
So the reason the boss had me look for you was for insurance.
Because he knew that I would look for you, even if I didn't know the truth.
I have to report to him immediately.
The head of Mimic is an extremely dangerous man.
He plans to crush the Port Mafia.
What's the head's name?
His name is Gide.
He has a very powerful gift.
We mustn't fight him.
Odasaku-san, especially you.
The gun that was in that lockbox, the Graugeist, is a sign.
There is a special carving in the cocking piece,
and that proves that you are a member of Mimic.
What the hell is Mimic, anyway?
They are the remnants of those defeated in the war,
that can only survive on the battlefield.
They are all still haunted by the war...
What's that...?
A ball?
Crap...
It's poison...
My ability, Flawless,
allows me to see a few seconds into the future.
But in the cases where I've realized the danger in the future
after already falling for the trap,
I can't avoid it...
The person who set up this trap knew about my powers...
Ango... Run...
Odasaku-san...
Everything that I just told you about Mimic is the truth.
It is not a lie.
Thank you for saving me.
Take care.
If it were possible,
I would have loved to go drinking with you and Dazai-kun again
at the usual place.
There are those who actually think
that powers can be a tool to seduce women.
But we couldn't use our abilities to seduce women, even if we wanted to.
Even if we tried, they'd think we're creepy and we'd fuzz up.
Fuzz up?
Yup. Fuzz up.
Sorry, Dazai...
Looks like I fuzzed up...
Next Time: Episode 15 A Room Where We Can Someday See The Ocean
