It wasn't supposed to be like this, head in my hands
Struggling to escape from this saturated world
Time passes like whispering sand
These circumstances, unchanging
gazing out at a dreamless tomorrow
Wanna say goodbye to the confusion of yesterday
I try reaching out, as if to resist
We cry millions of times and then get born again
Let's go with these red eyes
to that pictured future
Come here right by me, I'm clapping my hands
Where are you? Who are you?
Strain my eyes in the darkness
Can't see anything, don't know anything, but I'll still go
To the place of shining light in which you wait
Episode 3
Masked Mansion
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) Masked Mansion and Shoplifting Family
Yeah, I'm home already.
Sasa Kigihiko
Younger Brother of the Late Sasa Komamori
We'll discuss the property issue during tomorrow's meeting.
President Kazamori?
Even though the company's in his name, it was originally the Sasa family's.
There's no need to tell Kazamori every little thing.
Uncle Kigihiko, the materials on the property matter are prepared.
Kazamori Holdings Real Estate Sale Proposal President Sasa Kazamori
K-Kazamori, it's not like that!
I didn't intend to leave you out and make the decision on my own!
Can I go over there now?
Not necessary.
Sasa Fumihiko
Son of the Late Sasa Komamori
Sasa Itoji
Widow of the Late Sasa Komamori
Kigihiko-san, the praying is about to start.
S-Sister, I was going to see Kazamori...
That man won't come anyway. Let's go, Fumihiko.
Yes, Mother.
My dear departed husband, Komamori...
Please watch over us.
Please protect the Sasa family.
Seven years ago today, you were tragically killed.
The Sasa family has continued to thrive.
My dear departed husband, Komamori...
My dear departed husband, Komamori...
Sis?
I'll call Brother.
Brother? You're referring to Kazamori-san?
We are Komamori's blood relatives. No one else is needed here.
Adopted son or not, Kazamori is the head of this family.
Sasa Mitsuko
Daughter of the Late Sasa Komamori
We should be together, at least on the anniversary of Father's death.
That guy likes to close himself off from everyone, Sis.
Mitsuko!
I already told you!
Kazamori-san is sick, so don't just go running over to the annex!
My dear departed husband, Komamori...
Fumihiko, your child by blood,
is graduating university and will join the business in the spring...
Blackout?
Kazamori?
Sasa Kazamori
Adopted Son of the Late Komamori Sasa Current Head of the Family
Thank goodness. I thought maybe something happened to you.
Um, you haven't shown your face in a long, long time, but...
Kazamori-kun!
Taku Hidenobu
Live-in Doctor
Quickly, get inside!
Kazamori!
Hey! Did something happen?!
Kazamori!
Sis!
Kazamori!
This is just like seven years ago...
Kazamori!
Dr. Taku! What is this?!
Kazamori-kun...
Kazamori?!
That's not...
When I got there, Kazamori-kun was on fire...
Mitchan!
There's no way that can be...
Kazamori-kun...
Kazamori-san! Kazamori-san!
It's a curse...
That's right! This is my husband's curse!
I see... It's the anniversary of my brother's death...
A curse...
It can't be...
Shinjuku Station
No Trespassing
Restricted area admittance guards, you're doing a fine job.
Kaishou Rie
Kaishou Rinroku's Daughter Lives at Home
What is it? An explosion?!
Are we okay?
Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
An amendment to the Self-Defense Forces Act,
Possibility that preemptive self-defense measures will be invoked New guidelines to Self-Defense Forces pushed through
allowing the use of military force against terrorist forces,
was passed unanimously in the House of Representatives today.
Because of the emergency, it is due to go into effect three days from now.
Herewith, all Self-Defense Forces that are already deployed abroad
on peacekeeping missions may participate in combat activity.
In ga
Detective's Assistant
Don't be too rough. Handle me gently!
Shinjurou!
Yuuki Shinjurou
Detective
Hey!
Don't go!
I'm sorry.
It's not connecting...
Or more like, the connection is being rejected.
Shinjurou!
Look at this!
It's talking!
A stocking... Hosiery...Called hold-ups in Britain.
Huh...
It just uses a chip like the kind used in old video game machines
to pick up vocabulary off the net.
You don't have any others?
I gave all my customers the e-mail address for that one.
Customers... You mean your...
That...
Don't tell me you use mail to haggle over the price too?
After all, if he's a nice guy, I give him a discount.
All of the mail functions are code-checked.
Possible terrorist and likely illegal exchanges
are pinpointed and access is cut off.
Do something, Detective!
You're an acquaintance of Chairman Kaishou, aren't you?
The Defeated Detective!
In the middle of a losing record against Chairman Kaishou!
The guy is top-of-the-heap elite,
an information analysis adviser to the military and police,
with a grip on the communication net as well.
But at this rate, I'll lose all my customers!
Shinjurou! Horsies!
Yuuki Shinjurou!
I want to consult you about a case!
Sounds like it'd be a nuisance.
I'm outta here.
Have you forgotten me? It's Rie!
Kaishou Rie!
Kaishou?!
Is she...
On one condition!
I want you to use your old man's connections
to reconnect a certain smartphone line.
Why horses?
I heard that it was forbidden to live in this zone...
Come again?
Ordinance says no one can enter by vehicle or on foot,
but there's nothing in there about riding in on a horse.
Clever, aren't you?
I'm the daughter of Kaishou Rinroku.
I can't break the law.
You...
What's your name?
Inga!
Inga?!
Isn't Inga that...
Are you that woman's little brother?
This is Mitsuko, the younger sister of Sasa Kazamori, who passed away.
She contacted my father soon after it happened last night.
I wanted Chairman Kaishou to prove that Brother didn't die from a curse.
A curse?!
Yes...
It's a curse...
A curse? Who would do that?
They think it's a curse from my father...
Do you know of my father, Sasa Komamori?
I sure don't!
Yeah, I'm not really familiar either...
Even though it was all over the news?
I wasn't in this country at the time.
Sasa Komamori was a researcher in the field of artificial intelligence.
Beyond human intelligence
Sasa Komamori was a true genius
who created a device for entertainment
that could even pass the Turing Test.
Sasa Komamori
Developer of RAI
Wasn't he also a kook who wore a mask in front of other people?
He used to say it was to hide his blushing face whenever he met someone,
but I suspected it was his character.
But seven years after Komamori-san died like that, Kazamori-kun followed him...
Kaishou Rinroku
Chairman of JJ Systems
Koyama Izumi
Public Prosecutor Joint Coordinating Dept. Public Prosecutor's Office
I know about RAI.
A program that duplicates human thought.
Purpose-built bodies were sold too, weren't they?
But my father's invention became illegal under the new legislation,
and during wartime, the prosecutor's office suddenly began making raids.
Sasa Komamori!
Your research is suspected of being a flagrant violation
of the New Information Privacy and Protection Act!
Mother...
This whole country has gone insane.
Don't they know how much Sasa Komamori has contributed to the world?!
Kazamori?
Are you with Father?
Father!
An explosion?!
Ow!
After Father's remains were found at the site of the explosion,
the vast fortune he left behind and his company
were inherited by Kazamori.
Why would Brother be cursed by Sasa Komamori?
One day, Kazamori
was suddenly brought to this house by Father.
The child was distantly related to Father.
Father had adopted him, and as his heir at that...
The adopted son became the heir?
From the beginning, the successor of the Sasa family
wore a mask as proof of his position.
Mask?!
So I've never seen his true face...
And now I'll never be able to see it.
On the anniversary of the death of Sasa Komamori,
his heir died the same way, engulfed in flames.
You don't think a curse is involved, Detective?
This is my uncle, Kigihiko.
Kazamori never showed his face at the company either.
He was president in name only,
while he had my sister-in-law and me run the whole group.
Brother was only socially awkward because of that mask.
He made decisions on all of the important issues.
Fumihiko, what are you doing?
As Kazamori-san is no longer with us, Fumihiko is the new head of the household.
That aside, I know you're the daughter of Chairman Kaishou,
but bringing a detective here is discourteous.
Very well. Do you really think a curse was at work here?
Of course, it was only a figure of speech.
Kazamori-san was so shocked by the death of my husband
that his equilibrium had been disturbed these past seven years.
Such that he always required Dr. Taku to be at his side.
Where is this Dr. Taku?
The doctor is at rest, recovering from his burns.
My husband's death caused Kazamori-san no end of anguish, like a curse.
He reached his breaking point
and chose the same method of dying as my husband.
No.
Kazamori did not commit suicide.
Then why...?
Brother knew something.
He tried to warn me about some kind of imminent danger.
Just like seven years ago...
He was prepared to commit suicide, so he told you to get away, Mitchan.
No!
Hayami Seigen
Director of the Security Bureau Metropolitan Police Dept.
Izumi-chan?
What are you two doing here?
I asked him to come.
After hearing that my father entrusted you with his deductions.
Chairman Kaishou's deductions...
I heard he can figure out any mystery without even going to the scene.
If my father is going to lie again to protect some big whatever,
I'm not going to stand for it.
Don't worry.
I'll tell you what the Chairman surmised.
This way.
Mask aside, Kazamori-kun was an intellectual, level-headed top executive.
It's unthinkable he would be so obsessed with his father's death
that he would commit suicide.
Still, he could have decided to do it on a sudden impulse.
In that case, why wouldn't he copy his father's death, down to the explosion?
I sense a design binding Kazamori-kun's death to that of the Late Komamori.
This was murder.
Murder?!
Aside from the victim, there were five people here.
The victim's stepmother, Sasa Itoji.
The victim's uncle, Sasa Kigihiko.
The victim's step-siblings, Mitsuko and Fumihiko.
And Dr. Taku Hidenobu.
Huh! Both Sis and I are suspects!
Due to the death of Kazamori, Fumihiko is now the successor to the business,
as well as the head of the Sasa household.
As such, we could say he had the most to gain.
No.
Fumihiko came out of his room after I left mine.
Chairman Kaishou has also said that it was unthinkable
for Fumihiko to have a hand in it.
There was a time when Sasa Kigihiko helped Komamori
and he does know a lot about mechanical engineering.
It would have been simple for him to have rigged a cable or something
in the room, decide on a time, cause a short, and then have it catch fire.
But even with Mr. Kazamori dead, Kigihiko wouldn't get the inheritance...
Who's the one that most wants Fumihiko to inherit the company?
The mother.
You're accusing me of asking Kigihiko to murder for Fumihiko's sake?!
How disrespectful!
What do you make of it?
Hey!
Help me!
We didn't kill Kazamori!
There's no way we could've killed him!
Kigihiko-san!
No way you could've... killed him?
We have to tell him, Sister!
Otherwise, we'll be...
We'll continue this in an interrogation room.
A surveillance camera...
That's it!
Kazamori must have set up surveillance cameras all over the house
and watched every move we made!
In that case...
Wait!
Shinjurou...
Everything is swirling around...
Now is okay, don't you think?
Wait, Inga!
I can't hold back!
So...
Whom should I ask, and what?
It's all recorded.
No matter how far you go back,
you're not going to find footage of me setting anything up in this room!
Check it out!
I told you, he committed suicide!
Is that so?
That woman again...
Who are you?!
My boss.
She wants to ask you a question or something...
Built-in computer...
Tell me...
Who is Sasa Kazamori?
Whose face is it under the mask?
Someone was posing as Kazamori?!
You don't have to answer her!
Don't even bother.
People have no choice but to answer her question.
Just one question...
Who is... Sasa Kazamori?
Who?
Who?!
There never was...
Mother?
There never was a human Kazamori to begin with!
You're saying...
Kazamori wasn't human.
Isn't that right, Kazamori?
The cat's out of the bag...
The cat's out of the bag... :)
In the pale morning mist, a whispered prayer
I'm gonna follow this twisted landscape with you
Looking for the truth, a'lie' will do is it?
Tracing it as if we can see through
Looking for, beyond words
Like a falling feather
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
Looking for, unravel it
Like a tattered cloud
Looking for, find it
So we can cuddle close together here
The original work for next time is the same as this time, Masked Mansion.
But that's not all...
A story called Shoplifting Family is in there too?
I'll give it a read!
Huh?
It's like in this old family, there are all these members
and people connected to them, and everyone has a hidden secret.
This story is kind of similar to ours.
Don't tell me Ango-sensei has gone to all this trouble
so he can blow the whistle on sharing ideas!
I like that kind of meanness!
House, Unmasked
Inspired by Ango Sakaguchis Meijikaika Ango Torimonochou (Meiji-era Ango Detective Stories) Shoplifting Family, Masked Mansion
House, Unmasked!
