The bath feels great!
It feels great to travel by ship once in a while.
It would have been amazing if it wasn't a trip for work, though...
No!
Wait, Grenda! You need rinse off the shampoo properly!
Stop!
I'm so sorry! Are you okay!?
Come on, do you really think I'd be fine after something like that...
Hang on, you are...
Kirasaka-san?
Yuiri, what's wrong!?
Is Grenda
Ah!
Why are you here, Kirasaka!?
I should be asking you the same thing!!
The two of us are on a mission, of course.
We're here to guard that girl until she reaches Itogami Island.
What about you?
I'm on a scouting mission for the MAR.
MAR? The multinational sorcery corporation?
What was that impact just now?
Hang on, did we run aground?
Yuiri, look!
Many ships!
What on earth...!
The name of that city was Itogami Island.
An artificial island floating on the Pacific Ocean, made from carbon fiber, resin, metal, and magic.
The Special Magical District. A certain boy lived in that city that was built to shelter demons.
The Fourth Progenitor. A fourth progenitor who was never supposed to exist.
A future emperor, who would someday carve out his own empire and reign over the world.
His name is Akatsuki Kojou!
Ugh, I feel like shit.
I just got back from the mainland, and I already have school.
Oh, Kojou-kun. Good morning.
Actually, put on some clothes already.
Walking around naked in front of a teenage girl is a crime, you know?
My bad.
Geez. If you're looking for your shirt, it's on the dining table chair!
Hurry up and get dressed!
Fine, fine. You should do that too.
D-Did you see?
Huh? We're out of milk?
No reaction!?
I used up the last of the milk to make scrambled eggs earlier.
Seriously? I was looking forward to drinking some.
Oh well. I guess I'll go buy some.
I just hope the shops received their stock for today.
Logistics take a big hit due to successive cancellations of cargo ships.
Oh yeah, there as some accident involving cargo ships, right?
It's been happening a lot lately.
Thanks to that, fresh foodstuffs go out of stock so quickly.
Not much we can do about that. This is an artificial island, after all.
I'll hit up a few stores on my way back from school with Himeragi and search for some.
You're... walking back with Yukina-chan again today?
Hmm? Why shouldn't I?
N-No! Not at all!
Nagisa-chan said that?
She's been acting strangely ever since we got back from the mainland.
I can't really explain it well, though...
She went through a lot back then, so she might still be in shock.
A lot of stuff did happen...
Even Asagi finally found out about my secret.
That reminds me, is she okay?
More or less. She interrogated me non-stop on our way back.
I ended up having to tell her everything.
Oh yeah, I had to tell her about you as well.
So I told her about the Lion King Organization and stuff... Is that a problem?
I don't think so. I've received permission to reveal my identity based on the circumstances.
I see. I explained to her that you're stuck with me because that's your job.
Stuck with you?
I see.
Huh? What's wrong, Himeragi?
Senpai, you're really insensitive, aren't you?
I already knew that, but still.
Huh? Himeragi! Hang on!
What the hell? Both Nagisa and Himeragi are acting weird early in the morning.
Good morning, Fourth Progenitor.
H-Hey!
Just kidding.
Good morning, Kojou.
Morning.
I see the two of you already have a weird mood going right from the morning.
Hi there, Rin.
W-We don't really have a weird mood or anything. Right, Asagi?
T-That's right!
The two of us just got back from the mainland, so we're tired. In more ways than one.
Eh? The two of you went to the mainland? Don't tell me...
Kojou, you idiot!
That's not what he meant, okay?
It's not what you're thinking at all!
Really?
'Sup.
What're you guys fighting about so early in the morning?
Nothing!
Huh? Well, that's fine.
Here you go, a souvenir from Tokyo. Hope you like it.
Oh, you went to the mainland as well?
Well, a lot of stuff happened.
I'm exhausted.
Well, I'm just glad all three of you came back safely.
Safely?
Akatsuki-kun, didn't you notice anything after seeing this classroom?
Now that you mention it... an awful lot of people seem to be running late.
Correct.
All the ships that were headed to Itogami Island ran into accidents, ran aground, or the passengers had food poisoning.
Not a single ship has arrived here since yesterday.
Even the flights are grounded due to turbulence.
That's why we're in such a mess.
Seriously?
Very.
That's one hell of a coincidence, isn't it?
A coincidence, huh?
I hope that's the case.
This machine is in working order.
Apologies for the inconvenience.
Due to the cancellation of cargo ships, we have not received fresh stocks of food
and hence the menu is limited.
Hey, Yukina.
I heard that the two of you went to the mainland during the winter holidays.
Did something happen?
Something?
She's not acting like herself.
She was spacing out during class, too.
It doesn't look like she's sick or anything, though...
Oh, I know!
Maybe she's feeling down because they didn't have the Crab Cream Croquet that she usually eats?
No way.
Nagisa-chan!?
What's wrong?
Huh? Why am I...
Sorry, I'm going on ahead.
Is she jealous?
No way.
There you are, transfer student.
So, Natsuki-chan.
What the heck is up with these chains?
Show some respect when you're addressing a teacher.
That's what you get for trying to run away the moment you saw my face, even though I spoke to you so kindly.
That's... Well, that was a reflex.
My instincts screamed for me to run away.
After all that happened during during the New Year...
New Year? I have no idea what you're talking about.
It's nothing.
If that's how you want to play it then it's fine by me.
More importantly, let's get down to business.
Astarte, show them the documents.
Accept.
This is!
The accident at sea that took place yesterday?
The one that caused all sea trips to Itogami Island to be cancelled?
Negative. There are all reports of accidents that occurred between early morning and noon today.
So many!?
That's right.
We have already received reports of twenty one cases.
Huh!?
No matter how many times we go over the data, the only thing all the ships had in common was that their destination was Itogami Island.
However, because of these accidents, no people or goods have arrived at the island for the past few days.
In other words, Itogami Island is effectively isolated at present.
I had no idea the situation was so serious.
I think I understand why you restrained Akatsuki-senpai, Minamiya-sensei.
Do you suspect that this abnormal situation is Senpai's doing?
In a nutshell, yes.
Huh!? Why the hell would you think that!?
It is likely that this incident is being caused by a magical barrier of some sort.
And the only ones with enough magical energy to pull that off are the vampire progenitors.
I thought the incident would be resolved once you were captured, but...
It wasn't me! You're doing this on purpose, right?
Well then, on the off-chance that Akatsuki Kojou is not the cause
You're still not convinced!? Actually, just get these chains off of me already!
Transfer student. What is your opinion, as an expert on magical terrorism?
Do you have any knowledge of sorcery that could build a barrier of this scale?
The only method that would have a chance would be to use Feng Shui.
While the forerunner of Feng Shui, the Shikisen technique, was used for fortune telling,
it was also a large-scale sorcery technique.
Especially the Houkimon technique, which was developed for war.
It was a large-scale military magic that was used to control the weather and rule over the lives of soldiers.
Military magic?
Seriously?
I see.
If someone used the ley lines around this area to construct an Eight Trigams formation,
creating the current scenario is not impossible, huh?
That's right, but...
I have no idea if there is a practitioner who is able to maintain a technique of this scale while avoiding detection.
No...
After hearing you say that, I remembered a single incident that was similar to this one.
The destruction of the Special Magical District in Iroise, Europe.
Iroise?
Wasn't that the Special Magical District in the Atlantic Ocean that was abandoned six years ago?
From what I heard, that was caused by flooding due to accidents and storms...
That was the official explanation.
However, the actual reason was different.
The destruction of that city was a deliberate act.
By Tartaros Lapus.
Carly, the target is moving along the estimated route by car.
He'll be arriving shortly.
This is Carly. I have visual confirmation.
Preparing to snipe the target.
I'll leave the rest to you. Use your judgment and get it done.
Copy that. Thank you, December.
Don't mention it.
Confirmed hit. Moving on to the next target.
If you take too long, the security will tighten. Get it done quickly, okay?
Tartaros Lapus?
Yeah. They are a destructive group who carry out magical terrorism in exchange for money.
One of its ringleaders was praised as a genius in the use of Feng Shui.
Do you know the identity of that Feng Shui practitioner, Minamiya-sensei?
Senga Takehito.
He should be around forty years old now.
He is one of the leading Houkimon users in the world.
So if we find and capture him, we can break this Eight Trigams formation thing?
Theoretically, that would be the case, but
Master. Emergency communication from the Island Guard.
A Code Orange alert has been issued to all attack mages affiliated with the Artifical Island Management Corporation.
Orange!?
It appears that one of the senior directors of the Corporation was killed by a sniper.
So they're looking to throw the chain of command into chaos?
Looks like it's definite.
This is a terrorist attack.
They are planning to throw Itogami Island into chaos and destroy it.
That's right. Hurry up and find out the identity of the sniper and the location from where the bullet was fired.
Also, assign security teams to guard all the senior directors.
Chief, there have been two new reports of accidents involving airplanes.
We have additional reports of accidents at sea as well.
At this point, there is no more doubt.
Large-scale magical terrorism, is it?
What's all the fuss about, Chief?
President Yaze. My apologies.
If the leaders of the organization become unsteady, the command at the lower levels will be disrupted.
Carry out your tasks with composure.
Where are you headed, President?
After a meeting with Councillor Hashimura, he is slated to attend a commemoration ceremony for the Magical Association.
But the situation is!
Do you expect me to cower in terror behind bamboo blinds, hiding from a mere assassin?
I will arrange for additional security.
Please exercise caution at all times.
Chief, Attack Mage Minamiya has sent an important report.
The Witch of the Void, huh? What is it?
Tartaros Lapus!? Why didn't the attack mage division realize it at once?
The related information is designated as top secret.
Ordinary investigators do not have the clearance to access it.
Make the preparations to declassify that information at once.
After that, contact the Lion King Organization.
They are supposed to have an agent on this island.
Do whatever it takes to obtain their cooperation.
Understood.
What should I do?
At this rate, I can't even look Kojou-kun in the eye.
I can't keep from staring at him, and my heart beats wildly when he so much as looks at me.
My heart hurts so badly when I just see him with another girl.
Are... these feelings real?
I can't talk to anyone about something like this!
Want some? Ice cream from Ruruya.
It's delicious.
Huh? Umm... You are...?
December.
December. That's my name.
I'm fond of it. I'd like it if you called me that.
I knew she was still around...
but to think I'd end up meeting her in such a manner.
Well, I guess this is also a kind of fate.
I guess we're both going through some rough times.
Delicious!
Umm.. What are you doing here, December-san?
Me? I'm here for surveillance.
I told her that I had her back, but she said she didn't need any help.
So I decided to just watch from afar while eating some ice cream.
You're here to look at the Keystone Gate?
No, that's not quite right.
I'm here to see the beginning.
The beginning of the end of the Special Magical District.
What was that vibration just now?
There appears to have been an explosion in the third underground parking garage.
An explosion!?
Chief!
Chairman Yaze Akishige's car is located in the third underground parking garage!
President Yaze's vital signs signal has been cut off.
The Keystone Gate!
You are...
It's fine.
Everything's fine. You don't need to worry.
This is my war, after all.
You... Why, after all this time...
Please, return to your slumber.
That is our wish as well.
Terrorists set off an explosion!?
What do you mean, missing?
Are you telling me that he was caught up in something like that!?
Bro, are you serious?
It's the truth.
Things are still in a chaos over here, so I don't have any more information.
Let me help with the search!
With my power, I can...
Brother!
Yaze...
This is an announcement to all students.
Today's lessons have been canceled.
All students are to return home immediately.
Repeat, today's lessons have been cancelled.
Hey, Yaze!
See you later.
He must be shocked after hearing about the explosion.
Yaze's father is an important person in the island's administration after all.
Tartaros Lapus, huh.
I guess I can't just sit back and watch.
Tartar sauce?
Kojou, do you know something?
Umm...
You better not be hiding something from me again.
Okay, fine.
So basically, the explosion that Motoki's father appears to have gotten mixed up in
and the reason why the ships have stopped arriving at the island are all the fault of this Tartar?
Tartaros Lapus.
Natsuki-chan is after a Feng Shui practitioner called Senga.
Right now, he's the only confirmed member that we know of.
If you knew that, you should have told me earlier.
Do you think you can find him?
I'll find him for sure.
Senpai!
Himeragi? Why are you in the high school building?
It's Nagisa-chan. She ran off somewhere by herself during lunch and hasn't come back.
She hasn't responded to my messages either.
Asagi.
Alright, fine. Let me find her before we start searching for the terrorists.
No way... How can this be happening!?
Out of my way, Kojou!
Dammit, they got me. Now I'm pissed!
A-Asagi?
Someone was hacking into my system. The Island Guard's network has been infected with a virus.
It's a powerful, military-grade virus.
Wait, isn't that pretty bad?
Of course it's bad. Like we didn't have enough problems with the chain of command being thrown into chaos.
Senpai, maybe that is also...
Tartaros Lapus, huh?
Where the heck is Nagisa wandering around at a time like this!?
Did you drag an unrelated civilian into this?
Takehito.
This girl just got a fright after seeing the explosion and fainted.
I can't leave a cute girl like her lying around, can I?
She might get kidnapped by some shady people.
That way you put it, it sounds like you're saying that we're not shady people ourselves.
Are you okay with this, Takehito?
You are not exactly unrelated to this island, right?
That is exactly why there are some things that I cannot forgive.
I see. I guess you're right.
That's why I'm going to put an end to this.
Using the Roses of Tartarus.
Huh? What am I doing here?
I'm so sorry! You didn't have to let me sleep on your lap!
Phone.
It's ringing. Your phone.
Ah, you're right.
Kojou-kun? Why is he calling me...
That freaking Nagisa...
The weather was so good that I guess I fell asleep.
What the hell!?
I'm just glad she's okay.
You're right.
Still, everyone seems pretty calm.
People who live in the Special Magical District are used to disturbances of this level, after all.
I just hope Asagi or Mogwai are able to find Senga before things get any worse.
You're right.
Sorry, Kojou-kun!
Thanks for giving me a ride.
Nagisa-chan!
Hey, Nagisa. Who's that?
Umm... I met her in the park, and she gave me a ride here.
So you're Nagisa-chan's brother?
You can call me December.
Nice to meet you.
Senpai!?
Kojou-kun?
You're... Avrora...?
