Opening 1st Frame
Signs
Ending
Answer the man, scum.
What do you want to do?
I want to join the Recon Corps,
and kill as many Titans as I can, sir!
Oh? Not bad.
Erwin. I'll take responsibility for him.
Tell that to the higher-ups.
Don't get me wrong. It's not like I trust him.
If he betrays us or goes berserk, I'll put him down without hesitation.
Upstairs shouldn't have a problem with that...
Nobody except me is suited for the job.
I'll accept your application to the Recon Corps.
Hey, is it true?
Are there really Titans that sided with us?
Come on, it's obviously just a rumor.
The retake campaign might've failed, meaning lots of people from Wall Rose could be evacuating here.
But then we're bound to have another food shortage...
What if the Titan that sided with humans joins up with the Rose refugees,
and they attack us together?
This is huge news! A Titan has sided with us!
We might even be able to retake Wall Maria!
Say it!
Say it! He's our savior!
Savior, huh?
The common folk are always so irresponsible.
They might even try to using him to incite rebellion against the Inner District.
As the Police, we must dispose of Eren Jaeger before that can happen.
We won't let those freaks at the Recon Corps get their hands on him.
Attention!
Salute the Supreme Commander!
It's hot.
Commander Pixis,
some people consider it inappropriate for you, as Commander of the Garrison,
to be conversing privately with someone like me from the Recon Corps.
Hm, you're as stiff as they say.
We merely ran into each other by chance during our morning walks.
Now that we're already walking, we might as well chat.
Have you heard that the Police are also after Eren Jaeger?
Yes. They sent word yesterday.
A trial will be held.
The decision about whether the Police or the Recon Corps get Eren
has been entrusted to Zacklay.
Zacklay?
Do you mean Supreme Commander Dallis Zacklay?
He's the man in charge of all three forces: the Military Police, the Garrison, and the Recon Corps.
the cost-benefit analysis.
That is, whether it's profitable or harmful to mankind overall.
Which means he wouldn't hesitate to execute Eren right on the spot,
if that were the verdict.
I don't want to let him kill Eren.
But unfortunately, more than a few in my Garrison fear Eren's powers.
All I can do is to argue my case against the Police.
Do you think you can win?
Yes.
I have also prepared a proposition,
but its viability depends greatly on the way the trial progresses.
So you're planning to go in cold?
We of the Recon Corps are used to getting chills from our work outside the Walls.
You aren't as stiff as you seem.
Thank you for such a nice stroll, Colonel Smith.
Eren's being put on trial? For what?
I don't know the details.
I think it's about deciding how to deal with Eren.
What does that mean?
They're probably deciding whether he lives or dies.
Mikasa Ackerman! Armin Arlert!
Are you here?
Yes, sir!
You have been ordered to appear at the trial this afternoon as witnesses!
Excuse me. May I use the toilet?
You just went earlier.
Can I get some water?
Hey! Understand the situation you're in.
Damn monster.
Monster? I guess they're not wrong about that.
Am I so scary that they need to restrain me this much?
I shouldn't be that surprised. I don't really understand all this myself.
I should just be happy that I haven't been killed yet.
Wait a minute.
Those two weren't scared of me at all.
What are they doing now?
What happened to everybody else?
Be patient for a little longer.
We'll try to sort things out.
How many days have passed since then?
What's going on outside?
I won't have to live my whole life like this, right?
So you're Eren, huh?
You okay? Feeling filthy?
Sorry for making you wait for so long.
You can finally leave this place.
Though you'll have to wear these.
I'm from the Recon Corps. Major Hanji Zoe.
He's fellow Major Mike Zacharias.
Um...
Ah, he just has this habit of sniffing people at their first meeting, then laughing like that.
I wouldn't read much into it though.
He's skilled enough to become a major, after all.
Oh, we chatted all the time away. We're already here.
Well, I guess you're better off without an explanation too.
We don't have a choice
but to trust you blindly.
Good luck.
A courtroom?
So I was being held under the courthouse?
Move along!
Kneel down there.
Why are these people here?
What is this trial even about?
Guys!
Now then, let us begin.
You are Eren Jaeger, right?
You're a soldier who vowed to devote his life to the King.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
This is an exceptional case.
It is outside the bounds of common law, therefore we must convene a special court-martial.
The final decision will be handed down by me.
We will deliberate upon whether you live or die as well.
I knew it.
Do you have any objections?
None, sir.
I'm glad you're so cooperative.
Let me say this straightforwardly.
Concealing your existence has proven impossible.
Unless we publicize your existence in some way,
we will have to face another threat besides the Titans.
This court is tasked with deciding which force will take custody of you,
the Military Police or the Recon Corps.
First, let us hear the proposition from the Police.
We will examine Eren's body thoroughly,
then dispose of him as soon as possible.
It's a fact that his Titan power repelled the last attack.
However, his character induces disturbances that may even lead to a rebellion.
Therefore he shall provide us with as much intelligence as possible,
then he'll become a martyr for mankind.
That isn't necessary.
He's a vermin that breached and infiltrated the sacred Walls of God.
He's from the Church of the Walls.
Five years ago no one even took them seriously.
He should be killed here and now!
They've come a long way.
Priest Nick, quiet, please.
Next, let us hear the proposition from the Recon Corps.
Yes, sir.
We will accept Eren as a formal member of the Recon Corps,
and recapture Wall Maria by using his Titan power.
That is all.
Is that it?
Yes. Using his abilities, we can retake Wall Maria.
I believe the priorities are clearly apparent.
I see.
By the way, from where do you intend to launch that operation?
Pixis, I believe the gate at Trost was sealed for good.
Yeah. It'll probably never be opened again.
We would like to start from Calanes in the east.
We will approach Shiganshina on a new route.
Wait! Shouldn't we seal all the gates now?
The Colossal Titan can only destroy the gates!
If we fortify those areas, they won't be able to attack us again!
Shut up, you puppet of the traders' guild!
Using that Titan strength, we can return to Wall Maria once again!
We're fed up with you playing hero all the time!
You talk a lot, pig.
Who says the Titans will wait until you can lock up all the gates?
When you say we, are you referring to your little friends who you plan to get fat with?
Can't you even see that people are starving because we don't have enough land?
We're only suggesting that if we sealed the gates, we'd be saf
Enough of your insolence!
How dare you even suggest doing such a thing to the sacred Wall Rose, given unto us by God?!
You look upon the greatness of the Walls, which transcends human understanding,
and you still can't see?!
It was their fault that it took so long to fortify the defenses of the Walls...
They have the money and the power.
You speak blasphemy!
This is no place for a priest to speak!
What?!
Silence.
Argue about your individual beliefs and opinions somewhere else.
Can you keep fighting for the sake of mankind as a soldier,
and also use your Titan power for the same goal?
Yes! I can.
Oh?
He swung his fist at Mikasa Ackerman right after becoming a Titan.
He doesn't remember that he lost control?
You want me to lie in a report?
Mankind gains nothing from hiding such a fact.
Is Mikasa Ackerman here?
Yes. I am.
You, huh?
Is it true that after he transformed, Jaeger attacked you?
You must tell the truth. For Eren's sake.
Yes, it is true.
Titans are Titans after all!
I tried to kill Mikasa?!
I did?
But before that, he also saved my life twice while in Titan form.
The first time,
when I was about to fall prey to a Titan,
he fought them off and defended me.
The second time,
he protected me and Armin from cannon fire.
I entreat you to consider these facts as well.
Wait a moment.
I believe this testimony is too emotionally-biased to be accepted in court.
Mikasa Ackerman lost her parents at a young age, and she was taken in by Jaeger's family.
However, we uncovered some surprising details regarding those events.
Eren Jaeger and Mikasa Ackerman were nine years old at the time.
They murdered all three robber-kidnappers.
You might call this justifiable self-defense,
but I can't help but feel disturbed by the fundamental lack of humanity in their actions.
Can we really trust him with the fate, funds, and manpower of mankind?
Yeah! He's probably a Titan who infiltrated us disguised as a child!
Her too!
How can we be sure she's human?
That's right! We should dissect her just in case!
Wait! Maybe I am a monster, but she has nothing to do with that!
Nothing at all!
As if we could believe you!
It's a fact!
You're defending her? She must be one of you!
No!
You're wrong.
You keep using mere speculation just to make the water flow your way.
W-What?!
First off, you've never even seen a Titan!
This isn't good.
So why are you so afraid?
I should shut up.
No, I'm gonna say it all.
I'll tell them what I think!
If those with strength don't fight, who will?
If you're too scared to fight for your lives, then at least don't hinder me!
You cowards.
What?!
Just shut up and let me shoulder it all!
Ready!
Wait, Mikasa!
It's just my personal opinion,
but pain is the best tool for discipline.
You don't need to be educated by words.
You need training.
You've fallen low enough that you're easy to kick around, anyway.
Hold on, Levi...
What?
It's dangerous.
What if he starts raging and turns into a Titan?
What are you talking about?
I thought you were going to dissect him.
As I heard it, when he turned into a Titan, he killed 20 other Titans before his strength ran out.
If he were an enemy, he might cause more trouble than that intel's worth.
He still can't stand against me though.
What about you on the other hand?
All of you who persecute him, think it over.
Can you really kill him?
Supreme Commander, I have a proposal.
What is it?
Eren's Titan power has a multitude of uncertainties and unknown elements.
It is exceedingly dangerous.
So why don't we put Eren under Captain Levi's command
and send them on a mission outside the Walls?
Eren as well?
Yes.
Whether Eren can control his Titan power,
and whether he may be of benefit to mankind,
should be decided based on the results of that mission.
Watch over Eren Jaeger...
Can you do that, Levi?
I can definitely kill him.
The problem is it'll either be all or nothing.
I've made my decision.
That was so mean of him. It must hurt a lot.
A little.
Where's the pain?
Sorry about doing that. But as a result, we got you for ourselves.
Yes.
We were able to play our trump cards at the most effective moments.
Your pain was worth our gain.
Thank you.
I look forward to working with you, Eren.
Likewise, sir!
Say, Eren.
Yes?
Do you hate me?
No. I understand it was necessary.
Glad to hear.
You could've at least held back a little.
You even broke his tooth.
Look.
Don't pick that up. It's disgusting.
It's an important sample for me.
Eren, I bet you're glad you won't be dissected by freaks like her, huh?
Don't put me in the same league as them.
I wouldn't kill Eren.
Hey, may I see the inside of your mouth?
His tooth... already grew back.
Eren finally gets assigned to the Recon Corps he so admired.
He discovers it to be a group of people who demand change,
as well as a haven for freaks and weirdos.
That is the Recon Corps.
Look, my friend!
Now we have a real victory here
This is our first honor
Now, my friend,
let's celebrate this victory to prepare for our next battle
No death will be in vain
Our battle will go on until only a single arrow remains
Our foe is barbaric... But we'll get him...
Our foe is colossal... So we'll jump to him...
We wield honor in our arms
and sing in the name of victory
We bear the wings of freedom on our backs
Swearing upon our hearts,
we strike at the ring of madness
and soar through the sky
with our wings we call freedom
Oh, mein Freund!
Jetzt hier ist ein Sieg
Dies ist der erste Gloria
Oh, mein Freund
Feiern wir diesen Sieg fur den nachsten Kampf
Der feind ist grausam... Wir bringen...
Der feind ist riesig... Wir springen...
Gloria
O Sieg
Flugel der Freiheit
DO Ringe der Torheit
Flugel der Freiheit
Can't Look Into His Eyes
Prelude to the Counterattack (pt 1)
The Special Ops Squad
Prelude to the Counterattack (pt 2)
Currently Disclosable Information
Special court-martial (pt 1): A court for judging those of military affiliation. The judge, the prosecution, and the defense are all soldiers too.
Currently Disclosable Information
Special court-martial (2): This proceeding has a lot more political undertones than normal court-martials. The final decision is handed down by the head of the three forces, Supreme Commander Dallis Zacklay.
Inside Wall Sina
Wall Rose
Wall Sina
Inside Wall Rose
Trost
Calanes
Shiganshina
tatoeba ore ga oreja naitoshite
omae wa omaedato iikirerunoka
suna no utsuwa wo kowashite koboreta
kokoro wo hirotte atsumerareruka
dareka no yobu koe ga
miminari ni kawatta
toki ga tomatta mitaida
saa me wo samase
fukai yami wo ore wa arukidashita
hayate mitai ni nigedashita
ikita shikabane mitaidatta
oretachi wa kabe no soto e
mata aouze chizu ni nai bashode
If we suppose that I am not me,
Can you say with certainty that you are you?
Will you be able to pick up after yourself
Once your sand-like shell breaks and your heart crumbles?
I could hear someone calling
But now my ears are just ringing
It's as if time has frozen
Now, wake up
I began to walk through a deep dark abyss
As swift as a gale, I escaped for my life
I felt like a living corpse
We break out of our walls
To reunite in worlds we've yet to map
