Hey, kid!
Yessir!
Who the hell are you?
I am Armin Arlart from Shiganshina!
Is that so? You have a retarded name.
Was it your parents who named you?
It was my grandfather.
Arlart, what is your purpose for joining us?
To aid mankind's victory!
Now, that's wonderful.
I'll have you become food for the Titans.
Third squad! About face!
And who the hell are you?
Yessir!
I am Thomas Wagner from Trost!
You're not loud enough!
I am Thomas Wagner
I still can't hear you! Go learn how to speak properly in the barracks!
He's doing work.
Next! Who are you?
I am Mina Caroline from...
You had to go through that when you joined too, didn't you?
That sure brings back memories.
No you're not!
You were born in a sty and you are worse than livestock!
Yes! I'm worse than livestock!
Wrong! I tell you what you are and what you aren't!
What is he trying to prove, humiliating them like that?
It's a rite of passage.
He crushes the memories of who they once were
and rebuilds them into soldiers from the ground up.
That's an idiotic name! Scram!
It's a necessary point on the map he has drawn out for them.
Why are you here at all?
To devote myself to the cause of mankind!
Fourth squad, about face!
There are some he doesn't say a word to.
Those who already had their rite of passage do not need it.
I'm willing to bet they went to hell and back two years ago.
You can tell by looking at their faces.
Let's go.
Who the hell are you?
I am Jean Kirstein from Trost!
What are you here for?
To join the military police and reside in the inner city.
I see. So you wanna live in the inner city?
Yessir.
Who told you to kneel down?!
You'll never become a police officer if this sends you to the ground!
You! Who the hell are you? What did you come here for?
I am Marco Bott from Jinae behind Wall Rose!
I came here to join the military police and to work for the King!
Is that so? Good man.
A noble objective.
the King doesn't want you.
Next, you there! Who the hell are you?
I am Connie Springer from Ragako, south of Wall Rose!
Listen up, Connie Springer!
I believe you were told about this before!
That salute means you're offering your heart to the King!
Is your heart on the right side?!
You. What the fuck are you doing?
You! I'm talking to you!
Who the fuck are you?
I am Sasha Blouse from Daupa, south of Wall Rose!
Sasha Blouse...
What are you holding in your right hand?
It's a steamed potato, sir!
I found one that was lying in the kitchen!
Did you steal that?
Why?
Why are you eating a potato right now?
It's best when eaten warm,
so I thought that eating it right now was the best course of action, sir.
That reasoning is beyond me.
Why are you eating a potato?
Are you asking why people eat potatoes in general, sir?
Take half of it if you'd like, sir.
Half?
The potato girl's still running.
Not bad... She's been at it for five hours.
But her reaction when he told her to run until she drops
was nothing compared to when he told her she's not getting any food.
Dauper is a small hunter village in the mountains south of Rose, right?
What's that?
Drop-outs. They requested to be moved to the developmental areas.
What? It's only day one...
That's how it goes.
The weak have no choice but to leave.
They'd prefer to pick rocks and cut weeds...
That reminds me. He didn't ask where you're from.
I'm from the same place as he is, Shiganshina.
Oh, I see...
Then you were...
So you were there on that day too?
Hey!
Did you see it? The Colossal Titan!
Yeah...
I told you already. I saw it.
Seriously?
How big was it?
It could look over the wall.
What?
I heard it straddled the wall!
Me too!
I've heard that from my village too!
Not really, it wasn't that big.
What did it look like?
He had almost no skin, and his mouth was huge.
And what about the Armored Titan that broke through Wall Maria?
Even though people call it that, it looked like any regular Titan to me.
Then the regular Titans?
Guys, let's stop questioning him.
I'm sure he has memories he'd rather forget.
Sorry for being so
That's not it.
Actually, the Titans are no big deal.
Once we learn how to operate the Three Dimensional Maneuver Gear,
they'll be no match for us!
We finally have the chance to become soldiers.
I just swallowed wrong earlier.
I'll join the Recon Corps and purge the world of the Titans!
I'll kill them all
Dude, are you nuts?
Did you just say you wanted to join the Recon Corps?
That's right.
And you were the one who said you wanted to join the military police and live an easy life.
I'm an honest man.
It's better than acting all tough when you're scared shitless.
Are you talking about me?
Hey, stop it!
Oh? Sorry if I offended you.
Hey, my bad.
I wasn't trying to judge how you think.
Let's just forget about this.
Yeah, same here. I'm sorry.
Hey, you!
I don't remember seeing you around.
Sorry... Your black hair's really pretty.
Thanks.
Give me a break!
You're always so emotional when it gets hot.
Not this again.
Worry about your hair instead of worrying about me.
It could get in the way when we're doing 3D maneuver training.
Fine, I'll cut it.
How short should I cut it?
Hey, what are you doing?!
Did you just wipe your hands on me?
It's the trust between people.
Is this...
bread?!
That's all I could save for you.
But you should drink some water first.
Are you a goddess? A goddess?!
Hey, what are you two doing?
Well... She's been running the entire time...
I guess you just want to do something good.
Did you do it for the sake of the potato girl?
Were your efforts worth it?
Whatever.
Let's just carry her back to her bed.
Are you trying to do something good as well?
I'm making her owe me one.
Her idiocy could come in handy later.
First, you will be taking an aptitude test.
Those who fail are not even worthy to become baits.
Failures will be sent to the developmental areas!
This is the basic of the basics.
You can see from this exercise their talent in using the 3D Maneuver Gear.
Look at her. She's hardly swinging at all.
She just knows what she's supposed to do.
And that's how you define talent.
It looks like we have good, new blood this year.
What about him?
He's talented in his own way.
Sometimes, no matter how hard people try, they just can't do it.
What the hell are you doing, Eren Jaeger?
Raise your upper body!
What? How do I do this?
You've gotta be kidding me.
You can do it if you follow the basic steps.
Don't worry about being perfect for now.
Put your weight on your waist and the sole belts while paying attention to your balance.
Stay calm and you can do it.
Even I did it.
All right, I've got the feeling I can do this now.
Lift me up, Armin.
Look at him.
He had such a big mouth yesterday, saying he'd kill all the Titans.
He'll be sent off to the developmental areas tomorrow.
Useless kids don't get food.
Eren!
Letting the trash talking get to you won't help you at all.
Just focus on getting better tomorrow.
I'm so pathetic...
At this rate, I won't be able to kill them all.
You should just forget about that.
What?
I said you should forget about becoming a soldier.
There's more to fighting than throwing your life out there.
Did you forget what I had to experience on that day?
Do you seriously think those words mean anything to me?
But this has nothing to do with your determination.
What? Why?
Because it's not your decision whether or not you can become a soldier.
I'm not telling you to go to the developmental areas all by yourself.
Let's go.
Don't worry about it.
If that happens, I'll come with you.
Um... So...
Does that mean I can take this?
You're asking me for tricks?
Sorry bro, I'm just natural at it. The only thing I can tell you is that you need to feel it.
I'd rather you tell me how you're able to stay sane after humiliating yourself like that.
Guys... I'm literally begging you here!
Hey, weren't you the one saying the weak should just leave?
Wait, or was it those who are untalented should leave?
Which one was it?
Please! I heard both of you are really good!
Bertold! Reiner!
Sorry. I don't think there's a secret to hanging still.
I don't have any advice to give you.
I see...
Then you'll have to bet it all on tomorrow.
Um...
Both of you are from Shiganshina, right?
Yeah.
You should know how dreadful the Titans are.
Why would you want to become a soldier?
Unlike Eren, I haven't seen the terror of the Titans with my own eyes.
But after seeing the Monarchy's insane attempt to recover the wall,
I realized I had to do something.
I see.
What about the two of you? Where are you from?
Reiner and I are from a small mountain village south-east of Wall Maria.
You're from that place?
Yeah, we didn't get word immediately because we weren't by the river.
The Titans arrived before the news did.
It was around dawn.
The livestock were being really noisy and I've never experienced the ground rumbling like that.
Soon, I realized that I was hearing footsteps.
When I rushed to open the windows...
After that, I don't really remember what happened.
It was all very chaotic.
Hey, why are you bringing that up?
Sorry.
My point is that you must be different from them.
Them?
The people here who have no idea how terrible the Titans are.
Hey.
Most of them are here to protect their social status.
They say those who go to work in the factories when they turn 12 are cowards.
So they join the training corps instead.
But I'm not much different from them either.
I enrolled to join the military police so that I can live in the safer inner city.
I might throw everything away if I can't achieve my goals.
I don't have a strong spirit.
It's a commendable to treasure your own life.
I want to return to my homeland that I had to abandon.
That's all I care about.
I'll do it, no matter what.
And you?
Why did you choose to join?
I believed that I must kill them all...
That I must annihilate all the Titans myself.
That's what I believed.
So you've never panicked when you encountered a Titan?
Yeah, but I'm just worried about becoming a soldier right now.
Let's start by adjusting the belts.
You'll be fine tomorrow.
I believe in you.
Eren Jaeger, was it?
Yeah. Thanks.
You're Reiner Braun, right?
Eren Jaeger, are you ready?
Yessir!
I'll do it... I have to do it.
I might not have the talent,
but I'm more determined than anyone else here!
Begin.
Fuck the theory.
I don't care.
But that's all I've got!
This is my weapon!
Yes, I did it!
No, I can still...
Let him down.
I can still...
Wagner, give Jaeger your belt.
Yessir!
The equipment was faulty.
The metal fittings on your belt were rusty.
I've never seen this part rust before.
We need to add this to the list of things to get fixed.
So he worked with broken equipment for an entire day?
Wow...
So what's the decision?
You're good to go.
Train hard!
Hell yeah, I did it!
What now, Mikasa? I can do it!
I can fight the Titans!
I won't need to depend on you anymore!
I wasn't sure he could pull it off...
He's challenging you with his eyes.
No.
Now that we don't have to be separated, he's relieved.
Grisha, your son has become a soldier today.
After graduating from the training corps,
Eren witnesses how mankind has regained its dignity.
The moment he became certain that they can defeat the Titans,
mankind is taught a hard lesson.
Night of the Disbanding
Restoration of Mankind (pt 2)
Currently Disclosable Information
3D Maneuver Gear Training (pt 1) Extremely challenging training is required to use the 3D Maneuver Gear, so that humans, who are used to moving in two dimensions become accustomed to moving in three.
Currently Disclosable Information
3D Maneuver Gear Training (pt 2) Strong body and legwork, good spatial perception, and mental strength to withstand panic are essential.
