Signs
Opening 1st Frame
Ending
When did you last change shafts?
Six days ago.
After the clean-up operation.
That matches the records.
Okay, next.
You are?
Krista Lenz, Squad 42.
Check it for wear.
Who'd have thought killing Titans was a punishable offense...
It does seem ironic, but those two were valuable test subjects.
Even so, why are they looking for the culprit among us trainees?
We just finished cleaning up the battlefield today.
Everyone's totally beat.
The culprit must've really loathed the Titans.
Yeah.
But in reality, they ended up helping the Titans...
They may have fulfilled their personal desire for vengeance,
but the net result is a major setback for humanity.
I think I get why they did it, because I can be an idiot myself...
Before I'd ever seen a Titan,
I was certain I wanted to join the Recon Corps.
But now, I never want to see another.
And today, we all have to decide which force to join.
Even Jean's seriously...
Everyone's regretting it.
If I'd known it'd be this hellish,
I'd have never chosen to be a soldier.
Now I'm so exhausted,
I can't think of anything else...
Hey, Marco...
I can't even tell which are your bones anymore.
If I hadn't become a soldier,
I wouldn't have to keep wondering who'll be on that pile next.
Will we abandon the tactical progress bought by tens of thousands of sacrifices,
just to serve ourselves up on a silver platter?
I know we have to fight...
But not everyone's as eager to die as you are.
I hope you won't get upset when I say this...
But you aren't a strong person, Jean.
So you can relate to the feelings of the weak.
What's more, you excel at sizing up any situation.
Isn't that why you already know what needs to be done?
What needs to be done...
Hey, guys...
Have you decided which force you're joining?
I've made up my mind..
I'm joining the Recon Corps!
Damn it.
Hey, Annie. What do you think?
Even Jean said he's joining the Recon Corps.
Huh? Jean said that?
I have no opinion.
You're joining the Military Police, right?
Maybe I should too.
If someone told you to die, would you do it?
What? Of course not.
Then why not make your own decision?
Armin, what about you?
I think if you know why you have to die,
there are times when you must lay down your life.
Not that I want to die.
I see. You've made your choice.
Yeah.
I've been thinking it over for quite a long time.
Seriously? Armin, you too?
You're weak, but you've got guts.
Th-Thank you.
Annie, you're actually pretty nice, aren't you?
It seems like you don't want us to join the Recon Corps.
Do you have a reason you want to join the Military Police?
Not really.
It's just...
I want to survive.
It looks like they couldn't find any soldiers who used
their Maneuver Gear without permission.
Then who did it?
No idea...
Right now, I'm more worried about the upcoming induction ceremony.
How many of the new cadets are actually crazy enough to join us?
Hey, Eren.
Are there any people in your class who'd join us?
There are some.
No, there were some.
I don't know about now.
Attention!
Get ready.
We're going out on patrol.
Yes, sir!
Good morning, Captain Levi!
Listen, Eren...
Never stray more than two horse-lengths from me.
Don't forget that the only reason
you're not locked up is because I'm watching you.
Yes, sir!
Let's go.
Jean...
You're really joining the Recon Corps?
Yeah.
Why the sudden choice?
I mean... Aren't you scared?
Huh?
Of course I don't want to join the Recon Corps.
Th-Then why...
It's not that the Titans don't scare me anymore either.
And I won't spout nonsense like, The best belong in the Recon Corps.
I'm not as eager to die as some are.
You mean Eren?
He's already joined the Recon Corps.
Trainees, line up!
Line up in front of the stage!
Line up in front of the stage!
I'm not risking my life because someone convinced me.
This is a job you can't do unless you decide for yourself.
I am Erwin Smith, Commander of the Recon Corps.
Today, you will choose a branch of the military.
Putting it bluntly, I'm here to persuade you to join the Recon Corps.
During their recent attack,
you learned how terrifying the Titans can be,
as well as how limited your own strength is.
However...
That battle brought mankind
closer to victory than ever before.
Eren Jaeger's existence is crucial.
By risking his own life,
he's undoubtedly proven himself a great ally to mankind.
With his help, not only did we stop the Titans' advance,
but we've also obtained a key to discovering their true nature.
We believe that the basement of his old home in Shiganshina
holds answers about the Titans that even he doesn't know.
If we can reach that basement,
we will find clues to ending this century of Titan domination.
The basement?
We've already advanced that far?
If we learn what they are, we can end this!
No matter how much he needs recruits,
I can't believe he's publicizing this information.
Or does he have some hidden motive?
What is he trying to do?
We will head for the basement in Shiganshina.
However, that requires us to retake Wall Maria.
In other words, our objective remains the same.
But with the Trost gate sealed for good,
we'll have to take the long way around from Karanes in the east.
The four years we spent laying a route
for a full-scale army have gone to waste.
In those four years, more than sixty percent of the Recon Corps lost their lives.
Sixty percent in four years...
An insane figure.
Any trainees who join us will participate in our excursion beyond the walls next month.
We expect thirty percent won't return.
In four years, most will be dead.
But those who make it through
will become superior soldiers with a high survival rate.
Now you know the discouraging facts.
Any of you still willing to risk your lives, remain here.
Are you willing to offer your beating hearts for mankind?
That is all.
Anyone who wishes to join another branch is dismissed.
Commander...
Don't you think you scared them a little much?
All of them will leave!
Damn it...
Come on, you've already made your choice!
Don't give me more reasons to hate myself...
If I don't leave now, I'll have to face them again.
I left the village to join the Military Police...
My mom would be so happy.
If I join the Military Police, the whole village would think better of me.
We all know...
We've already seen it...
How the Titans...
Are you all willing to die if you're ordered to?
I don't want to die!
I see.
I like the looks on your faces.
This is a true salute!
Offer up your hearts!
Yes, sir!
Guys...
This is the pits.
The Recon Corps...
I'm scared!
I want to go home.
I don't even care.
If you were going to cry, you should have left.
You've done well to endure your fear.
You are brave soldiers.
You have my heartfelt respect.
Salute!
I'm Squad Leader Ness.
And this is Shallot, my horse.
She loves to chew on people's hair,
so be careful or you'll wind up prematurely bald.
Nice to meet you all!
Hey! S-Stop it, Shallot!
Someone grab her!
Our training began the next day.
Instead of practical training, it was mostly memorizing the
long-range scouting formation Commander Erwin had devised.
Strangely,
although the formation was written out in precise detail,
Eren Jaeger's position was nowhere to be found.
You new recruits will be here,
in between the recon support team
and the supply wagon escort team.
Your jobs will be to ride alongside the spare horses and relay messages.
The Special Operations Squad will be here,
standing by in the center of the last ranks.
We're pretty far back.
It's the safest place in the formation.
We're even more heavily guarded than the supply wagons.
Our goal this time is just to sortie and return safely.
This expedition is so brief
because it's a practice run for your journey to Shiganshina.
Um...
I still don't know what this power should be used for...
Did you understand what the Commander's question meant?
Where do you think the enemy is?
Did you all understand?
Nope.
It would be an overstatement to say I understand it all.
But I think
It's possible this mission has another goal,
but the Commander has decided it'd be best not to reveal that objective.
So we should just focus on getting there and back.
Just believe in the Commander.
Right...
That's all the training for today.
Prepare to return to base.
Th-That's...
Sir, may I go talk with my classmates?
Go right ahead.
Hey, Mikasa! Armin!
Eren!
It feels like it's been forever!
Eren, did they do anything bad to you?
Did they examine you all over?
Did they psychologically torture you?
Nothing like that.
That midget bastard crossed the line.
Someday, I'll make him pay for it.
You don't mean Captain Levi, do you?
Yo, Eren...
It's been so long!
What? Everyone's here?
But if you're all here, then
Doesn't that mean all of you joined the Recon Corps?
Why else would we be here?
So only Jean, Annie, and Marco joined the Military Police?
No way. Not you too!
Marco's dead.
What was that?
Did you say Marco's dead?
Not everyone goes out in a blaze of glory.
I don't even know how it happened.
He died without anyone around.
Marco...
Hey, newbies! Get over here!
Your uniforms are here!
Are you really...
Yes, we'll all be participating in the mission too.
Hey, Eren.
I heard that when you turned into a Titan, you tried to kill Mikasa.
What does that mean?
No. Eren was trying to hit a fly
I wasn't asking you.
Mikasa, that wound on your cheek looks pretty bad.
When did you get that?
I'm told it's true...
When I became a Titan, I tried to kill Mikasa.
So then you don't remember it, right?
In other words, you didn't even know you had this Titan power,
and you still don't have the means to control it.
Yeah, that's right.
Did you all hear that?
That's the situation.
Mankind's existence, and our lives, depend on him.
We'll probably die just like Marco,
without Eren even noticing.
Jean, what's the point in asking Eren these questions now?
Listen, Mikasa.
Not everyone's like you,
willing to die for Eren's sake and nothing more.
We deserve to know what we're dying for.
Otherwise, we'll hesitate when the time comes.
We want something in return from him.
Let's see what he has to offer us.
And whether it's worth our lives.
So, Eren...
We're really counting on you.
Yeah.
Sir, it's almost time.
We've driven all the Titans out of the area.
Thirty seconds until we open the gate!
It's the Recon Corps!
They call that emblem on their backs the Wings of Freedom!
So cool...
It's time!
Humanity will take another step forward.
Show me what you can do!
Open the gate!
Advance!
We will now begin the 57th expedition beyond the walls!
Onward!
Entering long-range scouting formation,
the Recon Corps advances beyond the walls.
However, they suddenly find themselves
facing down a mysteriously intelligent Titan.
What to do now?
Prelude to the Counterattack (pt 3)
Female Titan
57th Expedition Beyond the Walls (pt 1)
Currently Disclosable Information
Branch Selection (pt 1) After three years of training, a ceremony is held in which trainees choose among the Garrison, the Recon Corps, or the Military Police.
Currently Disclosable Information
Branch Selection (pt 2) However, only the top ten can enter the Military Police, so the choice is limited to the Recon Corps or the Garrison. Most choose the Garrison.
O, my friend!
This is a victory for us!
Our fame starts here!
O, my friend!
Let us celebrate this victory for the next battle!
I died for naught I won't let it end like that for you
until I am the last one standing
The enemy is cruel... We will kill
The enemy is colossal... We will jump
In our hands we hold blades of glory
and sing in the name of victory
We bear the wings of freedom on our backs
Swearing iron determination upon our hearts,
we slash apart the circle of idiocy
and soar through the sky
with our wings of freedom
O mein Freund!
Jetzt, hier ist ein Sieg
Dies ist der erste Gloria
O mein Freund!
Feiern wir diesen Sieg fur den nachsten Kampf
OUD...
Der Feind ist grausam... Wir bringen...
Der Feind ist riesig... Wir springen...
Gloria
O Sieg
Flugel der Freiheit
DO Ringe der Torheit
Flugel der Freiheit
tatoeba ore ga oreja naitoshite
omae wa omaedato iikirerunoka
suna no utsuwa wo kowashite koboreta
kokoro wo hirotte atsumerareruka
dareka no yobu koe ga
miminari ni kawatta
toki ga tomatta mitaida
saa me wo samase
fukai yami wo ore wa arukidashita
hayate mitai ni nigedashita
ikita shikabane mitaidatta
oretachi wa kabe no soto e
mata aouze chizu ni nai bashode
If we suppose that I am not me,
Can you say with certainty that you are you?
Will you be able to pick up after yourself
Once your sand-like shell breaks and your heart crumbles?
I could hear someone calling
But now my ears are just ringing
It's as if time has frozen
Now, wake up
I began to walk through a deep dark abyss
As swift as a gale, I escaped for my life
I felt like a living corpse
We break out of our walls
To reunite in worlds we've yet to map
