The Forest of Giant Trees The 57th expedition beyond the walls (2)
Signs
Opening 1st Frame
Ending
Go, Eren!
Year 850.
For the first time, mankind retook land from the Titans.
However, the sacrifices were great.
This is a true salute!
Offer up your hearts!
Yes, sir!
You've done well to endure your fear.
You are brave soldiers.
You have my heartfelt respect.
One month later,
the Recon Corps under Erwin Smith's command
left Karanes to establish a route to Shiganshina,
where the answer to the Titans' secret is suspected to lie.
We will now begin the 57th expedition beyond the walls!
Onward!
10-meter class approaching from the left!
I'd love to find out what it's got inside its stomach!
But let's leave it to the cover team!
Shit!
Barely got it!
Defend the column at all costs!
Focus! Leave it to the cover team!
Ahead! Onward!
The cover team can only help us until the old town.
After that we'll be on our own in Titan territory.
We can only count on the long-range scouting formation Commander Erwin devised.
We, the Special Operations Squad, will go here.
Auruo, sir, do you think the other recruits can defeat the Titans?
What have you been doing this whole month?
Listen up, brat!
The success of extramural expeditions depends on how well can you avoid fighting the Tita
Into long-range scouting formation!
Later, Armin.
Don't pee your pants, even if Titans show up!
You too, Jean!
In a half circle facing forward, spread out evenly without losing sight of the others.
Extend the communication lines and scouting range as wide as possible.
It's fine. Calm down.
Mostly it'll be the scouts of the first row who encounter the Titans.
When they spot one, they'll shoot up a red smoke flare.
Those who see the signal do the same again.
Thus the commander learns the position of the Titans,
and signals the direction of the column with a green flare.
Thus the column can proceed to its destination while avoiding Titans.
However, sometimes you may run into a Titan
because its position was obscured by obstacles.
The red flare!
Sasha, this way!
Crap! The scouts missed it?
We've gotta lure it away!
Run this way!
I'll handle this! You escape!
Yes, sir!
Sir!
Back to your position! It's run itself dry!
That's strange. It's been a while since the red flare went off,
but the formation is still off.
Don't tell me...
However, these methods only work against the predictable normal types.
A black flare?
It's ignoring the scouts around it and going for the center of the column?
Yeah, there's no mistaking it!
It's an abnormal!
Only against unpredictable abnormals must we engage in combat.
Damn, we have to deal with this now?
Shis! You get its nape!
I'll stop it!
Roger!
Using the 3D Maneuver Gear in a flat area is clearly impossible.
We've hardly got any chance, but we can't allow it to disrupt the column.
Next is Arlert, wasn't it?
I don't want to make the newbie face this.
I've gotta stop it!
Now! Shis!
You did it, Sargent Ness!
Did we get it?
You came back? You're such a good horse!
I love you, Shallot.
Again?
What are the scouts doing on the side?
If it ignored them and came this way, that means it's an abnormal as well.
We've got no choice then...
Let's do it again, Shis!
Yes, sir!
But two in a row? We're unlucky.
This one looks like a 14-meter class too.
It's gonna be tough.
What the hell? It's too fast!
Don't let it get into Arlert's path, Shis!
Yes, sir!
No...
It's different...
It's not just any abnormal.
It's intelligent!
It's the same as the Colossal, the Armored, and Eren...
It's a human in a Titan's body!
But who? Why?
What should I now? I'm gonna get killed!
You get away! Run!
What does it...
No, what do they... want?!
Someone tell them...
Most of the scouts are dead...
The female-form Titan brought a whole troop of Titans!
Isn't there anyone?
It won't kill me?
What just happened?
It pulled back my hood and... and checked my face.
Armin!
Reiner?
Can you stand?
Or rather, don't forget you can't survive without a horse out here!
Hurry!
Okay!
I saw the signal for an abnormal.
Is that it, with the nice ass?
It's not an abnormal. It's a human in a Titan's body.
What?
Wait! We've got to fire the flare!
Hurry! I must signal them about the emergency!
Wait.
Jean did it.
From the right wing?
They had so many losses they can't go on?
It seems some of the scouts on the right wing got wiped out.
The Titans attacked all at once.
I don't know the details, but a bunch of really fast ones popped up.
They're doing what they can to hold them back,
but they can't scout anymore.
There are huge losses. They might've been annihilated!
It came from that way too.
Could it be that it led the Titans?
That thing?
What's a Titan doing here?
Is it an abnormal?
No, it's different.
It's a human in a Titan's body.
A human who can do the same as Eren.
What?
Why do you think so?
The Titans only eat humans. That's why they kill us.
Killing isn't their objective.
But as soon as its nape was targeted, it caught and smashed the scouts.
It didn't kill to eat. It killed to kill.
It's fundamentally different from other Titans.
When the Colossal and the Armored broke through the Wall,
it must've been this one that brought the other Titans.
They must've worked together to attack mankind!
Or maybe not... I think it was looking for someone.
But then who is it looking for? Maybe Eren?
Eren? He's with the Levi team on the right, where it came from.
The right?
On my papers, they were in the left rear.
My papers showed them in the right front.
But there's no way they'd put him there on the frontline.
Then where is he?
He must be at the safest spot in this formation.
Which means he's in the rear, at the center.
Armin! We've got no time for philosophy.
The flares aren't enough to communicate the details of that Titan.
It'll eventually get the commander's troops too,
and then the formation will fall apart and we'll all die.
What's your point?
I mean, from this distance, we might still be able to catch its attention.
We can buy enough time for their escape.
Maybe.
Just a chance.
It's really intelligent.
From its point of view, we're quite literally just vermin.
It'll just one-sidedly smash us.
Seriously?
That ain't good.
Are you really Jean?
The Jean I know only cares about himself.
Bro, that's rude.
I just don't want to be disappointed by ashes of people I never knew.
It's the job we've chosen!
Help me!
Put on your hood!
Pull it down, so it can't see our faces!
It won't just kill us without knowing who we are!
I see! It can't kill someone who might be Eren!
That's reassuring enough.
Let's also hope its eyes aren't very good!
Armin... I thought it was pathetic how you constantly hung around Eren,
but I always knew you had it in you.
Uh... Thanks.
But that pathetic part was still mean.
It's gotten much slower compared to when it showed up.
Is it growing tired?
If it started running that fast again, we'd be too late.
We have to get it while we can.
We must make our move now.
Guys, let's do it like we agreed.
Draw its attention as long as possible, so the column can retreat!
We must keep it here for as long as we can!
If we could cut its leg, that would be more than enough.
Don't do anything crazy! Don't try to kill it!
It knows that its weak spot is the nape. It's nothing like the other Titans.
It would be impossible to take it down.
At least, for ordinary humans.
But those two might be able to...
Armin!
It's way more agile than the usual ones!
Crap! I was... I was naive!
It's protecting its nape?!
Jean!
Shit! I can't get away now!
I'm gonna die here! It's gonna grab my wire and kill me!
Jean! Avenge my friend who sought to die so soon!
Armin?
It stopped?
This shit killed him! Avenge the guy who literally ended up dying in an instant on the right wing!
What's going on?
Is he going crazy from the concussion?
This is the worst possible time for that.
Reiner?
It trampled my friend to death!
I saw his body stuck on its feet!
Is he going straight for its nape?
He can do it! It's distracted by Armin!
Come on...
Come on, Reiner... No...
Reiner pulled it off!
I forgot because Mikasa was around,
but he's reliable and insanely skilled too!
That should be enough time!
Hurry and get away from it!
If it's not a man-eater, then it won't chase us!
Look!
That big bitch is running home scared!
Huh? Why?
It's going to the center rear...
Is it headed for where Eren is?
That monster...
Not even the elite of the Recon Corps can stop the female-form Titan.
In the end, the monster finds Eren in the forest of giant trees.
Female Titan
57th Expedition Beyond the Walls (pt 1)
The Forest of Giant Trees
57th Expedition Beyond the Walls (pt 2)
Currently Disclosable Information
Extended scouting formation (pt 1) It was devised by Erwin Smith, the leader of the Recon Corps. Since its adoption, the survival rates during extramural operations have risen greatly.
Currently Disclosable Information
Extended scouting formation (pt 2) To put it simply, it's a human radar. By telling Commander Erwin, who's at the center of the formation, where the Titans are, it became possible to avoid danger by changing course.
3/3 - Communication
5/Center - Standby
2/5 - Communication
3/4 - Communication
2/4 - Communication
1/8 - Scout
2/Center - Command
2/3 - Communication
O, my friend!
This is a victory for us!
Our fame starts here!
O, my friend!
Let us celebrate this victory for the next battle!
I died for naught I won't let it end like that for you
until I am the last one standing
The enemy is cruel... We will kill
The enemy is colossal... We will jump
In our hands we hold blades of glory
and sing in the name of victory
We bear the wings of freedom on our backs
Swearing iron determination upon our hearts,
we slash apart the circle of idiocy
and soar through the sky
with our wings of freedom
O mein Freund!
Jetzt, hier ist ein Sieg
Dies ist der erste Gloria
O mein Freund!
Feiern wir diesen Sieg fur den nachsten Kampf
OUD...
Der Feind ist grausam... Wir bringen...
Der Feind ist riesig... Wir springen...
Gloria
O Sieg
Flugel der Freiheit
DO Ringe der Torheit
Flugel der Freiheit
tatoeba ore ga oreja naitoshite
omae wa omaedato iikirerunoka
suna no utsuwa wo kowashite koboreta
kokoro wo hirotte atsumerareruka
dareka no yobu koe ga
miminari ni kawatta
toki ga tomatta mitaida
saa me wo samase
fukai yami wo ore wa arukidashita
hayate mitai ni nigedashita
ikita shikabane mitaidatta
oretachi wa kabe no soto e
mata aouze chizu ni nai bashode
If we suppose that I am not me,
Can you say with certainty that you are you?
Will you be able to pick up after yourself
Once your sand-like shell breaks and your heart crumbles?
I could hear someone calling
But now my ears are just ringing
It's as if time has frozen
Now, wake up
I began to walk through a deep dark abyss
As swift as a gale, I escaped for my life
I felt like a living corpse
We break out of our walls
To reunite in worlds we've yet to map
