Signs
Opening
Ending
Year 845.
The Colossal Titan and the Armored Titan appeared out of nowhere.
Instantly, the walls were shattered, along with the illusory peace of everyday life.
Mankind abandoned Wall Maria.
They lost a fifth of their population, and a third of their territory,
as human activity was pushed back to Wall Rose.
Then in year 850.
Mankind's counterattack begins now!
The target's right in front of us!
It's the Colossal Titan!
This is our chance! Don't let it slip away!
Hello there.
It's been 5 years.
It aimed for the batteries!
So it wasn't just a coincidence that he targeted the gate!
He's actually... intelligent!
Still, this is our chance.
This is the only one that can destroy the gates.
If I can just stop him!
There!
You're mine!
It burns!
Go!
Did I miss?
No... The Colossal Titan vanished...
Eren! Did you get it?
No! It's the same as five years ago!
He disappeared, just as suddenly as he appeared.
I'm sorry. I let him get away.
What are you apologizing for?
We couldn't even move
There's no time for chatting!
The wall's been breached!
If we don't fix it quickly, the Titans will get in again!
What are you waiting for?!
The strategy for handling a Colossal Titan's appearance is already in motion!
Return to HQ immediately!
Anyone who had contact with it, report every detail!
Yessir!
I pray for your success!
Bring only your most critical possessions!
Please remain calm and evacuate!
If they break through,
the hellishness of five years ago will be repeated!
We must stop the Titans here!
Aimed and ready!
Fire!
Attack!
You recruits have completed training and graduated into proper soldiers!
I expect you to actively participate in this operation too!
Don't worry, Hannah.
I swear I'll protect you.
Franz...
Are you okay, Armin?!
I'm fine!
I'll pull it together.
But we're still in trouble!
We've got an eight-meter hole in the wall, and no way to fix it quickly!
We couldn't even dig out that giant rock near Zemo!
If we can't close the hole, this city will be abandoned!
Then it's only a matter of time until they break through Wall Rose!
If they felt like it, they could annihilate mankind at any time!
Armin!
Calm down!
This time it's different.
Mankind won't lose to the Titans!
S-Sorry.
I'm fine...
Hey, are you even taking this seriously?
See? I win again.
I'm kind enough to play with you once every month,
yet you fail to improve whatsoever, Pixis.
I'm still far below your level, Lord Balto.
I am still far from reaching your level, Lord Balto.
You're the commander in charge of the Southern District!
How do you expect to win against the Titans with those skills and smarts?
Commander Pixis!
We just got word!
What's the meaning of this outra
The Colossal Titan just attacked Trost!
The gate has been breached!
This booze is truly top-shelf.
As your fellow on the battlefield, I humbly accept it.
Hey! Wait, Pixis!
Pixis! I said wait!
You can't just leave!
Gather your men and focus on defending my property!
That's your duty, isn't it?!
Lord Balto,
right now soldiers are putting their lives on the line in Trost.
Commander, I'll ready your horse.
Many of them have probably died already,
even at this moment while we speak.
Who cares about their lives?
Just let them die!
Not to mention, you can't even win on the board!
Going there yourself would change nothing!
Please, do not worry, Your Grace.
On the battlefield against the Titans, the Commander has no need to hold back.
Quiet now.
Lord Balto.
Your Grace, just enjoy your peaceful day in luxurious delight as always.
Hey! Pixis!
Come back, Pixis!
Pixis!
Just like in the training, split up into your individual squads. You will be under Garrison command.
Your duties are to assist in providing supplies, communications, and sweeping up the Titans!
The first line of defense will be the frontline unit of the Garrison!
The second line will be the cadet squads under our command!
The rearguard will be the Garrison's elite units!
We've already recieved word that the vanguard has been annihilated!
The outer gate was destroyed, and Titans have encroached upon the city!
This means that the Armored Titan might show up any moment to breach the inner gate!
That's...
No way...
If even Rose falls...
Silence!
The frontline guards are already in combat!
Defend Wall Rose until every civilian has evacuated!
Also, in case you forgot, let me remind you
that desertion is a capital offense!
Vow on your hearts to devote your lives!
Dismissed!
Why does it have to be today?
I'm supposed to go to the interior tomorrow!
Are you okay?
No! No! No!
Fuck off!
Hey, Jean! What's with you?
Don't give me that crap, you suicidal asshole!
You wanted to join the Recon Corps!
You were prepared to feed yourself to the Titans already!
But I was going to the interior tomorrow, goddammit!
Calm down!
Just chill out and accept my death?!
No!
Remember our three years of training!
We've been on the verge of death many times during those three years.
Some actually died.
Some ran away, and some were sent away.
But we survived!
Didn't we?!
We're gonna survive today too!
You'll survive today, and you're bloody well going to interior tomorrow!
Dammit!
Let's go, Daz!
You can't cower there forever!
Eren! If the battle gets too chaotic, come find me.
Huh? We're in totally different squads!
In the midst of the fray, nothing goes according to plan.
I'll protect you.
What are you going on abo
Trainee Ackerman! You were specially assigned to rear guard.
Come with me.
I'd only be in the way there, sir!
I didn't ask for your opinion.
The evacuation is going slow.
We need as many elite guards as possible protecting the civilians.
But I
Get real, Mikasa!
It's so unlike you to panic!
Mankind is on the brink of extinction!
No one gives a fuck about what you want!
I'm sorry.
I lost my head.
Just one thing. Please.
Please... Don't die.
I won't die.
I couldn't die even if I were killed here.
I don't know anything about this world yet.
Even the remnants of our historical literature offer no hints about the origins of the Titans.
We know next to nothing about them.
What little we know about their bodies, we learned from the Recon Corps' most recent reports.
The Titans show no signs of human-like intellect,
and therefore there are no known instances of successful communication with them.
Their body structure is fundamentally different from that of all other creatures.
They have no sexual organs, and their method of reproduction is unknown.
Most of them have a physique resembling human males.
Their bodies exhibit extremely high temperature.
To our confusion and dismay, they show no interest in any creatures except humans.
They are seemingly driven exclusively by the desire to consume humans,
yet from the fact that they survived in an environment devoid of humans for over a century,
we can safely conjecture that they have no need to eat.
Thus, their likely purpose is not predation, but annihilation.
The main factor behind the human race being driven into such a corner
is the Titans' astounding ability to survive.
Since long ago, mankind has fought using the technology of cannons,
but even such firepower couldn't stop the Titans.
Even if a Titan's head gets blown off, it will regenerate in one or two minutes, though individual differences do exist.
That's crazy...
As if their size wasn't enough to handle...
Instructor, are the Titans invulnerable?
They are not.
There is one way to defeat a Titan.
Target them here.
If significant damage is inflicted to this area, the Titan will die without regenerating.
To cut through their flesh, we use double blades like these.
If the attack reaches their weak point, the Titan won't have time to regenerate, and die soon.
Hey, Armin!
Don't you think this is a great chance?
If we prove ourselves here in this first battle, before even entering the Recon Corps,
surely they'll promote us right up the ladder!
Yeah! Without a doubt!
Not to burst your bubble, but quite a few of us are aiming for the Recon Corps this year!
I lagged behind you earlier, Eren, but I'm not losing this time!
That's the spirit, Thomas!
Let's have a contest to see who can slay more Titans!
No fudging your numbers!
Squad 34, advance! Assist the frontline guard!
Right! Let's go!
Yeah!
The Titans advanced this far?!
The front guard's already been crushed?!
What are our glory-hound seniors doing?!
I expected the situation to be bad, but this...
An abnormal one! Watch out!
Huh?
How dare you, motherfucker?!
Eren!
Stop! Don't go alone!
Stop, you bastard!
How dare you eat Thomas?!
You're not getting away!
Eren!
Eren!
Stop! Please stop!
Why... am I... watching... as my comrades... get eaten?
Why... won't my body... move?
Armin...
Eren! Eren!
Eren!
What is it now, Armin?
Look at this book my grandpa was hiding!
It's all about the outside world!
The outside world?
But that's forbidden, isn't it?
What if the Military Police find out?
Who cares about that now?
According this book, most of the world is covered by a huge amount of water called sea!
And it's all salty water too!
Salt? You're making stuff up now!
Salt is a treasure!
The merchants would've exhausted the supply!
The sea is so vast, they can't ever deplete it all!
No way.
There's more than just mountains of salt!
Fire water! A continent of ice! Snowfields of sand!
The world out there must be far more vast than the inside of the walls!
The outside world...
And guess what! This is a secret,
but my parents are going to the outside world soon!
The outside world...
Right, Eren?
It'd be great if we could explore the outside world too someday.
Eren!
You think I'm gonna die here?!
Hey, Armin...
You told me about it...
So I'm going... to the outside world...
Eren! Hurry!
Suddenly it started raining.
It drums quietly in the damp air.
The faintly sweet scent of the rain
draws Mikasa back into memories of a tragic past.
First Battle
Defense of Trost (pt 1)
The World She Saw
Defense of Trost (pt 2)
Currently Disclosable Information
Batteries (pt 1) Cannons were used against the Titans before the invention of the 3D Maneuver Gear. To counter their low mobility, cannons were installed atop the walls on rails to improve their defensive effectiveness.
Currently Disclosable Information
Batteries (pt 2) Grapeshot - While its destructive force is low, hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhgrapeshot is effective in slowing down the Titans. Shell - While its destructive force is extremely high, hhhhhhhhhhhits accuracy is low, resulting in difficulties aiming hhhhhhhhhhhat and hitting moving targets.
Frontline
Second Line
Rearguard
No one remembers the names of the trampled flowers
Fallen birds await the next wind before they try again
Prayers won't save us
Only the will to fight can change our world
Ignore those pigs who ridicule you
for having the will to step over dead bodies and move on
Our complacence as livestock strengthens this false reality
We're as free as starving wolves!
Channel the humiliation of imprisonment into your arrows and begin the resistance
Far beyond the confining walls, you'll slay your prey!
As your body burns with an overflowing urge,
pick up your burning bow and gash through the twilight
Fumareta Hana no Namae mo Shirazuni
Chiriochita Tori wa Kaze wo Machiwabiru
Inotta Tokoro de Nani mo Kawaranai
Ima wo Kaeruno wa Tatakau Kakugo da
Shikabane Fumikoete
Susumu Ishi wo Warau Butayo
Kachiku no Annei Kyoi no Han'ei
Shiseru Garou no Jiyuu wo
Torawareta Kutsujoku wa Hangeki no Koushi da
Jouheki no Sono Kanata Emono wo Houru
Hotobashiru Shoudou ni Sono Mi wo Yakinagara
Tasogare ni Hi wo Ukatsu Guren no Yumiya
sono yume wa kokoro no ibasho
inochi yori kowareyasuki mono
nandodemo sutete wa mitsuke
yasuraka ni saa nemure
myakuutsu shoudou ni
negai wa okasare
wasureteshimau hodo
mata omoidasu yo
kono utsukushiki zankoku na sekai de wa
mada ikiteiru koto
naze to tou bakari de
ah bokutachi wa kono tsuyosa yowasa de
nani wo mamoru no darou
mou risei nado nai naraba
Your dream is where your heart seeks comfort
It is more fragile than your life
You can abandon it, and yet always find it again
Now, sleep in peace
My pulsing rage
defiles the wishes I harbor
before I forget them
only to remember once more
In this beautiful and cruel world
we keep on asking ourselves
why it was we who survived
What will we protect
with our strength and our weakness
if reason and logic hold true no longer
sono yume wa kokoro no ibasho
inochi yori kowareyasuki mono
nandodemo sutete wa mitsuke
yasuraka ni saa nemure
myakuutsu shoudou ni
negai wa okasare
wasureteshimau hodo
mata omoidasu yo
kono utsukushiki zankoku na sekai de wa
mada ikiteiru koto
naze to tou bakari de
ah bokutachi wa kono tsuyosa yowasa de
nani wo mamoru no darou
mou risei nado nai naraba
Your dream is where your heart seeks comfort
It is more fragile than your life
You can abandon it, and yet always find it again
Now, sleep in peace
My pulsing rage
defiles the wishes I harbor
before I forget them
only to remember once more
In this beautiful and cruel world
we keep on asking ourselves
why it was we who survived
What will we protect
with our strength and our weakness
if reason and logic hold true no longer
