Signs
Opening 1st Frame
Ending
Publish by ehsan777
Keep it up, Annie!
That's my daughter!
What are you doing? Don't stop!
Huh? Didn't you hear?
The Titan boy and his companions were summoned by the King.
They'll be passing through the city today.
I see.
He's gonna wind up getting dissected for sure this time.
Either way, I just hope things work out so they'll seal the gates.
What?! Did you just say seal the gates?
Do you want to further defile our gods with lowly human meddling?!
Maria! Rose! Sina!
How dare you even suggest desecrating our three sacred goddesses?!
He's one of those crazies who worship the Walls as gods.
Just ignore him.
Indeed... Those freaks still exist...
It's the Walls! The Walls and nothing else are our protectors!
Damn it.
You're finally up.
You looked so scary in your sleep nobody dared to wake you up.
Sorry, Annie.
You've been slacking off a lot recently.
What? Are you mad?
How are we supposed to get along?
Leave her be. She's from Trost, remember.
She's the only person in this branch with any actual combat experience.
Of course she can't smile cheerfully when she's just returned from hell.
Oh, I get it. So you like her?
I wonder what you see in her.
Hitch... There's only one way a dimwitted chick like you gets into the Military Police.
What's that? I wouldn't know.
Tell me?
Shut up, you two.
Don't bother.
Today you'll be doing something other than your usual chores.
That's why I ordered you to assemble here.
A unit from the Recon Corps has been summoned by the King.
They're passing through the city's main street today.
Escorting them to the capitol is Military Police HQ's responsibility,
so we only need to accompany them as they pass through town.
The use of 3D Maneuver Gear will be temporarily permitted within city limits.
You will guard the convoy in tandem with their own security.
You'll travel by barge to the mission starting point.
May I ask a question?
What?
What are we protecting the convoy from?
I'm unaware of any people within this Wall who'd oppose the King.
Even if we've overlooked some petty criminals,
truly organized opposition would be unimaginable, unless they had a stronghold outside the Wall.
Why would anyone even try such a thing in the first place?
Oh, well aren't you clever?
I'm putting you in charge.
The details are all here.
We officers are really busy. You can handle this yourselves.
Just don't screw it up.
Sorry for the wait, guys. Where were we?
Whose turn is it?
Those damn bastards!
Yeah... The Military Police are even more rotten than I imagined.
That's why I picked being an MP, but still...
They force us rookies to handle everything.
I didn't expect that.
Scumbags. They can't think of anything but themselves.
Fucking scumbags.
What are you talking about, Marlo?
You joined the Police too. You're no better.
I'm not the same. I'm not scum like you guys.
I came here to correct the Military Police!
Impressive, Marlo! So that's how you roll?
And how will you fix things?
I'll have to work my way to the top.
When I'm in charge, I will enforce the rules and punish corruption.
It's that simple.
I'll make the Police a place for normal people again.
That's all.
The way humans are meant to be!
Holy shit, you're the real deal!
Here I thought you were a total bore! So sorry!
What a noble goal you have. Do your best.
I wonder.
If a good person like you controlled the system,
that'd be the end for us, I think.
What? You can actually speak?
I think you're right.
You say all the correct things.
I know another person much like you.
You need a lot of courage to go against the greater flow.
I can respect that.
But that doesn't mean you're not an idiot.
Maybe it's just that the other person you know is an idiot.
I'm different from him!
We've wasted too much time talking.
Let's move out!
The convoy will pass through the outer gate in 45 minutes.
Once we're there, everyone confirm your designated positions.
Got it?
Yeah, yeah.
Hey!
What's going on?
Aren't those ours?
They must be taking them to the Inner District.
Even so, having the merchants involved is unusual.
What are they up to?
They're selling our emergency backups?!
Wait, what about the mission?
Holy shit, he really is the real deal!
Guess we'll see if that's for better or for worse...
For now let's just enjoy the show.
Let's grab a drink then.
What is it, rookie? What do you want?
E-Embezzling emergency backup supplies is a crime!
So?
Emergency goods are paid for by the people's tax dollars and...
So you think you can lecture your superiors, rookie?
I look forward to your future.
For now, go buy yourself a hooker and chill the fuck out.
H-Hold it!
Embezzling is...
Hey!
I'll have you arrested for insubordination and treason.
Damn you! You can't get away...
Yes, we can.
Here, we can!
I think that's probably enough.
Sorry if this retard was causing you trouble.
We'll be sure he learns his lesson.
Unless...
You'd prefer to make a bigger scene?
We'll let you off this once.
Yes, sir!
Let's go grab that drink now.
Why not do it?
Weren't you going to punish corruption?
If you want, I'll help out.
What did you wanna get?
What else?
Meat!
Damn it!
We know you're working really hard!
Oh, I'm not worthy of your praise.
That guy you know...
That idiot you mentioned earlier...
Would he have done it?
Maybe.
Then I'm just another piece of trash, caught up in that greater flow you mentioned earlier.
Am I not?
Who knows?
But isn't that what normal human beings do?
I don't care if I'm swept along by the flow, as long as I'm still considered a human.
Annie!
Hey.
You're fitting in well with the Military Police.
Armin...
What's with that look?
I disguised myself as a porter.
The cloak can hide my 3D Maneuver Gear.
See?
What's going on?
Annie, would you assist me in letting Eren escape?
Escape to where?
Where could you go inside these Walls after disobeying the King?
We'd just hide out for a while.
We don't intend to go against the King head-on.
It'll be reported as a rebellion by a portion of the Recon Corps.
We need to buy time. Time to collect proof that could change the outcome of the court martial.
We will succeed.
Change the outcome?
Does anything so convenient even exist?
What's your evidence?
Sorry, but I can't say.
I'm sorry too, but I can't help you like this.
Good luck with whatever you're doing.
Annie! Please!
They're gonna wind up executing Eren!
Clueless people will push mankind down the path of extinction
just for personal gain, without even realizing it!
I know my reasoning isn't all that convincing.
But even so...
Gambling big is our only chance at this point!
Of course, we'll do our utmost to avoid causing trouble for you.
But to get through the security inside Wall Sina,
we need insider help from the Military Police.
We have no other choice.
Do I look like such a good person to you?
Good person?
Well... I don't like that term.
To me, it seems like the meaning of good person is really a person who's good for you.
In that sense, I don't think any individual can be good in everyone's eyes.
So if you don't help us...
Then, in my eyes, you'd be a bad person.
Very well.
I'm in.
We made it through more easily than I expected.
That's the Military Police for you. You can tell how hard they work.
Stop glancing around so much.
Let's just hope they don't discover Jean's taken my place.
I doubt that cover will last long.
We look nothing alike.
Don't worry.
You both share a villainous face and a sociopathic look in your eyes.
I don't have a horseface like him!
Hey, if I didn't agree to help, how were you planning to get over the Wall?
I was going to use the 3D Maneuver Gear to break through.
That's insane.
Wouldn't it have been less troublesome to escape before you reached Stohess?
Why here? Why now?
I thought the dense layout of the urban area
would give us a better shot at swapping Jean for Eren.
Plus, pretending to follow obediently instead of opposing them outright will buy us more time to flee.
I see. That makes sense.
There!
Here?
Yeah. We'll go through here.
It's the abandoned remains of an underground city they planned long ago.
This leads as far as the outer gate.
Really? That's great!
Annie?
What's wrong? Don't tell me you're scared of cramped, dark places?
In fact, I am afraid.
I doubt a brave, borderline-suicidal guy like you could possibly understand the feelings of a weak maiden like me.
Someone who can fling a man head over heels in mid-air with ease can't call herself a maiden.
Stop being silly and hurry up!
No, I'm not going that way.
It scares me.
If we don't travel above ground, I won't help.
What are you even saying?!
Get down here already! Stop screwing around!
Eren, don't shout.
It shouldn't be an issue, right, Mikasa?
For some reason, there haven't been any people nearby for a while now.
Jeez! I'm hurt.
When did you start looking at me with those eyes, Armin?
Annie, why?
Why did you have Marco's 3D Maneuver Gear?
I recognized even its tiniest marks and dings
because we repaired ours together.
That's how I knew.
I see...
Well, I happened to pick it up.
Then you killed those two Titans we captured alive?
Who knows?
But if you thought so a month ago, why didn't you act?
Because I couldn't believe it!
I still hope it's just some misunderstanding!
But because of that...
Since you... didn't kill me back then...
That's why this is happening right now.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure you're right.
I never expected you to corner me like this.
Why didn't I kill you then? I wonder.
Hey, Annie!
There's still a chance that you've just got a sick sense of humor,
and you're just going along with whatever Armin says because you're an idiot.
So get down here now!
If you come underground, that alone proves something!
Come on and prove it!
I can't go down there...
I've failed to become a soldier.
Cut it out already!
Tell us, Annie!
We can still talk...
That's enough.
I can't listen to another word of this.
It's pointless.
I'll tear you apart once again,
female-form Titan!
Armin,
I'm glad I could be a good person for you.
You've won your bet.
But this is where my gamble begins!
Eren!
Mikasa!
We were too late!
publish by ehsan777
The female-form Titan's true identity is revealed to be Annie Leonhardt.
However, Eren is unable to transform to confront her.
For him, she's still just Annie.
Smile
Raid on Stohess District (pt 1)
Mercy
Raid on Stohess District (pt 2)
Wall Sina Eastern Wall City
Stohess
Stohess Military Police Branch
Currently Disclosable Information
The Military Police (pt 1) While there are only about 2000 members of the Military Police, they also control the Garrison, making them roughly 5000 strong.
Currently Disclosable Information
The Military Police (pt 2) Each walled city has about 200 MPs stationed there. Their main duties are to oversee the training of cadets, monitor the Garrison, and direct fire-fighting operations in their area.
O, my friend!
This is a victory for us!
Our fame starts here!
O, my friend!
Let us celebrate this victory for the next battle!
I died for naught I won't let it end like that for you
until I am the last one standing
The enemy is cruel... We will kill
The enemy is colossal... We will jump
In our hands we hold blades of glory
and sing in the name of victory
We bear the wings of freedom on our backs
Swearing iron determination upon our hearts,
we slash apart the circle of idiocy
and soar through the sky
with our wings of freedom
O mein Freund!
Jetzt, hier ist ein Sieg
Dies ist der erste Gloria
O mein Freund!
Feiern wir diesen Sieg fr den nchsten Kampf
Der Feind ist grausam... Wir bringen...
Der Feind ist riesig... Wir springen...
Gloria
Sieg
Flgel der Freiheit
Ringe der Torheit
Flgel der Freiheit
tatoeba ore ga oreja naitoshite
omae wa omaedato iikirerunoka
suna no utsuwa wo kowashite koboreta
kokoro wo hirotte atsumerareruka
dareka no yobu koe ga
miminari ni kawatta
toki ga tomatta mitaida
saa me wo samase
fukai yami wo ore wa arukidashita
hayate mitai ni nigedashita
ikita shikabane mitaidatta
oretachi wa kabe no soto e
mata aouze chizu ni nai bashode
If we suppose that I am not me,
Can you say with certainty that you are you?
Will you be able to pick up after yourself
Once your sand-like shell breaks and your heart crumbles?
I could hear someone calling
But now my ears are just ringing
It's as if time has frozen
Now, wake up
I began to walk through a deep dark abyss
As swift as a gale, I escaped for my life
I felt like a living corpse
We break out of our walls
To reunite in worlds we've yet to map
