What's that, Kirino?
A guy?
No way!
I'm just checking out some work stuff.
Man, you popular models are always so busy.
But you don't have anything on today, right?
Oh... yeah.
Let's head home then.
Okay.
Want to go anywhere?
So, I bought some shoes the other day...
And frankly, I'm out of cash now.
Mind lending me some?
Kanako, have you ever heard the saying No work, no food?
What's that mean? What language is that?
That was really hard to understand...
Seriously? A hidden character in Siscaly?
I've never even seen this stage!
How'd you find it?
Here.
Okay Kirino, let's go!
Right...
Man, can't those otaku shut up?
< Title: There's No Way I'd Go to an IRL Meetup with My Sister >
I can't believe you!
You haven't gotten anywhere!
What have you been doing these last three days?
Living a normal life...
Normal people would take less than three days to clear this!
I've never played a game like this before!
I don't know what I'm doing!
There. I turned on hints whenever you get a choice.
If you can't clear it now, you're better off dead.
O-Okay...
Hurry up and finish it.
They're waiting on you.
Are you going to lend this game to someone else?
I can just play it after
No, you idiot!
The next game is waiting on you!
What, I have to play more than just this one?
You think you can understand anything after just one game?
You've only just stepped foot into the eroge world.
When did this happen?
Give me a break!
If you want to talk about games, why don't you talk to your school friends?
You don't have to drag me
Wait, you don't have any friends into this kind of thing?
Like it matters.
I see...
Kirino...
Want to make some friends?
You asked me earlier right?
You asked me earlier right?
What should I do?
Here's my answer.
You want friends that you can talk to about your hobbies, right?
Someone you can talk to about anime, games, and eroge as much as you want.
And if it's someone in the same boat as you, they won't make fun of you.
In other words, you're telling me to make otaku friends?
No way.
They'll think I'm the same as them.
But you are one of them.
I told you I wouldn't make fun of you no matter what your hobbies are.
But what about you?
Why wouldn't you want to be grouped with otaku?
Doesn't that make you the one making fun of otaku?
I'm not making fun of them!
I'm talking about the societal consequences!
Societal?
It's true I like anime and eroge a lot.
No, I can say I love them.
You can?
And I love being with my school friends too.
But I love this stuff just as much!
I can't pick just one!
My love for each one is a part of me!
But I know how the world looks down on otaku, too.
Especially middle school girls.
They hate otaku the most out of anyone.
So it's okay for you to know, but no one at school can ever know.
If they ever found out, I'd never be able to go again.
So basically, you have to make otaku friends without your school friends finding out?
Yeah, I guess...
You have an idea?
Nope.
You're useless.
What's wrong, Kyou-chan?
Nothing to do with you.
Don't worry about it.
It has everything to do with me!
Why?
If I were depressed, would you just look away and say Nothing to do with me?
Fine, fine. Geez...
An IRL meetup?
Yeah!
There are sites for people with the same hobbies and services to meet new people, right?
Social net-something.
You mean SNS?
Yeah, that!
You can join one of those manga and anime...
And once you get to know each other, you can meet up and talk as much as you want.
Well, that's how IRL meetup stuff works.
I already knew that.
And your explanation sounds kind of lame.
Who gave you the idea?
My secret weaponGrandma's bag of wisdom.
So it was Neighbor-girl, huh?
Don't call her Neighbor-girl!
What are you getting worked up about?
Are you stupid?
I hate hearing anyone who isn't me badmouthing her.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't really care either.
You just look stupid when you're all over each other.
Pleased to meet you, Kiririn-sama.
I am Saori, the moderator for the'Otaku Girls Unite!' community.
Thank you for showing interest in joining our community.
She sounds like a really polite person.
Her writing sounds very refined.
Like a well-brought-up young lady?
Shut up. You're gross.
I believe we can be good friends as we share similar hobbies.
Isn't that great?
I said shut up!
If you'd like, please join us at our tea party next week. We will be meeting in...
Akihabara!
We don't have time to sightsee.
You can look around after the meetup.
I know that!
And don't come near me.
I don't want anyone to think we're on a date.
So? Where are these otaku girls having their tea party?
The way you say it really pisses me off.
I said don't come near!
Fine, do the rest of this yourself!
You think you're not part of this?
You're coming too!
Why?
Because this is my first time doing something like this,
and I don't know what kind of people are coming,
so going alone is kinda...
How am I going to be any help?
This Otaku Girls Unite! thing is girls-only, right?
How would I join in?
You could cross-dress.
They'd know!
Oh, right.
Why weren't you born a pretty boy?
Shut up.
Well, I guess I need to take some responsibility for the idea.
How about this then?
I'll go to the cafe first and sit near where you'll be.
I can't say anything, but I'll watch.
That okay with you?
Fine. That's okay.
Here?
Master, how would you like to be addressed?
What's that?
You can pick what you want us to call you.
Master, my lord, whatever-kun, Onii-chan, etc. There are many other options.
Whatever you want.
Then how about Onii-chan?
Onii-chan!
Of all things, a little sister?!
Onii-chan, what do you want to eat?
Um... How about omelette rice?
Okay!
I can write a message for you in ketchup. What would you like?
I'll leave it up to you.
Okay!
Oh they're here?
She's huge!
What is she??
I have a reservation for one hour.
Okay! Under what name?
Saori Bajeena.
You're Saori-san??
And why Bajeena?
Ah! Onii-chan, are you alright?
S-Sorry...
Take your time drinking, okay?
Well then, I think we can officially begin the Otaku Girls Unite! IRL meetup.
It may be short, but let us talk to one another and deepen our friendship.
It may be our first time meeting in person, but we are all drawn together by being otaku.
We can understand each other's hearts.
Let us get to know each other through our passion!
Here's some more water, Onii-chan.
She's not fitting in...
Well, she is dressed like that...
Now then, pleasant chatting!
Will she be okay?
Kiririn-san, what coupling do you like in DesGuri?
I'm into Anna x Haru.
No way! I'm for Anna x Haru too!
They're so cute!
That necklace is really pretty.
Where'd you get it?
Where I got it? It's a limited from Clock.
I saw it at a shoot and ended up buying it.
Really?
It's hard getting tickets these days...
I know what you mean! It's probably better to go to stuff nearby instead of the city.
Here! Thank you for waiting.
I love Onii-chan
There's something we do here to make omelette rice taste really good!
Yeah, that would work!
So, what character?
I said just listen!
Alicia from LoveDera.
Wow, that's going to be pretty hard!
Thanks to all your efforts, I declare our first tea party over!
I will inform you of any future events when they are decided. Please join us next time!
I'm still planning more events besides this gift exchange.
As for any afterparties, I leave it to your discretion.
Well then, dismissed!
Want to go to Animate?
How about Tora after that?
That coupling totally doesn't match...
Let's go somewhere else to discuss it then.
Take care, Ojou-sama!
You did a good job.
Good to see you've still got life in you.
How about seeing the sights in Akiba since we're already here?
I couldn't talk to anyone.
Well, when you're dressed like that, anyone would get scared.
They were mostly normal girls, you know.
Take care!
Why?
I did everything like I usually do.
Why did they avoid me?
Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!
Hey! Miss Kiririn!
I'm glad I managed to catch you!
Saori-san?
Just Saori, please!
And this is... your boyfriend?
No!!
No!!
Oh? No?
I do believe he was staring at you the whole time.
I thought it as the look of love!
Stop that! Gross!
I'm Kousaka Kyousuke. Her brother.
I see, I see...
You don't look much alike.
Oh, shut up!
Oh, pardon me.
Then how about coming along?
Miss Kiririn, would you like to join us in an afterparty?
An afterparty? You mean more of what we just did?
Indeed. I thought I would invite members I wasn't able to talk to.
Will there be many others?
Not at all. Including us three...
Thank you for waiting, Miss Kuroneko.
This is Miss Kiririn and her elder brother.
Um... N-Nice to meet you.
Kousaka Kyousuke. Sorry to join in halfway.
Handle name Kuroneko.
And so, what do you intend to do with these members?
Just like I said, I want to deepen my friendship with the members I couldn't talk to!
Come to think of it, wasn't she on her cell phone in the corner?
Well, that's really all, Miss Kuroneko.
You can drop the formal titles and just call me Saori!
Let's forget ranks here!
Calling yourself Saori when you look like that?
I'm surprised you can even say your name.
So shameless.
It's not even funny as a joke.
Call yourself Psycho Gundam or Bigzam from now on.
And that manner of speech and those clothes...
Hey! Forgetting ranks doesn't mean you're free to insult people!
Apologize!
Well, insults on this level feel like a light calm breeze.
Feel free to verbally abuse me too if you'd like, Mr. Kyousuke.
I can't figure out if you're a nice person or a weird person.
On the topic of clothes...
Why did you come here in that getup?
Fashion like that doesn't belong at an IRL meetup in Akiba.
Well, sorry!
I can't help it. These clothes are me!
What about you?
What?
What is it? Do tell me.
What's with that dress?
Cosplay? Are you supposed to be Suigintou?
Completely off. What are you looking at?
It's the Queen of Nightmare from Maschera.
Maschera?
Some sort of anime?
Yes. The full name is Maschera Lament of a Fallen Beast.
An anime with superior story and art.
It runs at 5:30 pm on Thursdays.
I recommend you watch it.
Oh, that's the show on at the same time as Meruru.
That fancy-dress teen-complex anime.
You've just said something unforgivable.
Meruru? You mean Stardust Witch Meruru?
That piece of crap that only kids and childish men and maniacs and unemployed and NEET watch?
Battle-type magical girl stuff is out of style.
And any kid's anime not on a weekend morning is blasphemy.
In terms of ratings, that is what's on at the same time.
I ask that you stop spouting ignorant nonsense.
Ratings? Let me tell you what people in the real world think, you post-Evangelion biter.
The shows I watch are what's on.
Anything else is at the same time.
And the way you say it, you haven't even watched Meruru before!
Oh, how pitiful. During the last battle, you could die from the moe of the insert song along with the fluid animation!
Don't look down on kid's anime!
The same to you. Don't give it a good rating just because it's a kid's anime.
Your moe and whatnot is just a trick to detract your attention from the plot holes and what your show really is.
What it really is?
Your thing just lines up difficult kanji together so only you teen-complex freaks can keep up.
That term is what I hate second-most in the world.
And what I hate most are the ignorant pigs that abuse the word in criticism.
Are you one of them? Then please oink like one.
Getting mad because you know I'm right?
You're a complex among teen-complexes. Maybe I should call you the Teeny Complex Queen?
Wait, wait, wait! Stop that!
Calm down, it's just an anime!
Just an anime?
Slip of the tongue...
What a nice personality you have.
That's why no one talked to you during the meetup.
Who are you talking about?
You were tapping your cell phone the whole time!
Just sad.
I had an urge to check my news sites.
Looks like they've gotten pretty close to each other.
Have you been watching the same thing I have?!
No matter how you look at it, they're so full of energy now.
You chirp well for a worthless human.
Fine. Come outside, bitch.
I will carve the meaning of true fear into you.
Worthless human? What generation are you from?
Either way, they sure can talk a lot even though they just met.
Well, you know, it's because they really do love what they're talking about.
They have nothing to hold back.
Every word you say grates my ears, you pretentious emo girl!
P-Pretentious?
E-Emo girl?
Now you've gone and said it.
Ah, how pitiful.
I don't know what might happen to you now.
Even I can't stop my evil conceptions.
Are you stupid?
Don't you feel ashamed to be alive?
Why don't you just go die?
Think it's about time to stop this?
See? Meruru doujinshi are all aimed at adult males.
She's simply a hole for their lust.
And Maschera is all just BL.
Look at this perfection! It's art!
Art doesn't need a clothes off feature.
XXL?
Men's?
My, we've spent quite a bit of time.
You were far too excited.
I couldn't help it!
It's my first time in Akiba.
Sorry for all the trouble.
Not at all.
We'll be taking our leave here.
I guess we should head back too.
Don't ignore me!
You were both gone all day, right?
Where'd you go, Kirino?
Shopping with some friends.
Oh, with Ayase-chan?
Yeah, something like that...
Don't boys try to hit on you?
You two really stand out when you're together.
Well, we ignore them
Don't go too far.
Work is fine, but if you wear clothes like that all the time you might make a mistake.
Come on Dad, you know Kirino works hard
Thanks for the meal.
Here.
And no one cares where I went.
A hard-worker who's smart and athletic?
That's just dumb...
Enough of this...
Onii-chan...
We'll always be together from now on...
I've done it!
I've beaten Shiori!
Complete!
Good job me!
Yahoo!
What's this feeling?
It's like a calm from the surge of resignation that comes after a wave of accomplishment.
I may have discovered something profound.
What?
Nothing, I'm just returning the game.
You completed it?
Yep.
Well?
Okay, I guess?
No, I mean, it was pretty good.
What part?
Specifically.
In the Shiori route?
The last part was a good read.
You know, the part where their parents are against their relationship and Shiori runs out of the house?
And then when the main character chases after her and they look into each other's eyes in the sunset...
W-Well, it looks like you understand a bit now.
But that wasn't the only good scene!
My top three were
Wait! I'll listen to that later.
Um...
How's it going with the people from today's IRL meetup?
Oh, them?
Well, I've sent them a couple messages.
It looks like the dark one lives nearby, but the big one lives pretty far away.
We started talking about meeting at the next IRL meetup.
Well, I can't really help it, so I thought I might go.
I guess we've been talking a bit.
I see.
So you made friends.
Shut up, you idiot!
Just don't drop another eroge.
Life counseling, complete.
TS
Mazui Presents
There's No Way I'd Go To an IRL Meetup With My Sister
There's No Way My Little Sister 0000 can be This Cute
H HO
HO O
sonna yasashiku shinai de donna kao sureba ii no
tsumikasaneta kotoba de mienaiyo kimi no yokogao
dokodakke? nakushita kagi ha mitsukaranai mama de
tameiki surechigai ni iji hatte tsukarechau
hon no sukoshi chikaku kimi to no kyori ga
umaku tsukamenainda ato chotto na no ni
sonna yasashikushinaide hora mata kizutsukeatte
tsumikasaneta uso demo ugokenakunatteru
sugu ni ai ni ikitai kedo kotoba ha mitsukaranai shi
saigo no ichi pe-ji kai? kimi ni ha egao misetai
Don't be so nice to me, I just don't know how to react
With all these words piling up, I can't even see your face
Where is it? I lost my key, now I can't find it
Sigh, I'll burn out if I keep acting like this whenever we miss
Maybe we're close? I just can't figure out
Just how far away I am, even though you're right there
Don't be so nice to me, see? We hurt each other again
With all these lies piling up, I can't even move
I want to see you now, but I don't know what to say
Is this the end for our story? I want you to see my smile
kiririn@theidiotbehindmeisbeingreallyannoying
Otaku Girls Unite!
Sender
kiririn
Subject
I'd like to participate
Saori
kiririn
Greetings
Intellect
Lacking
Strength
Average
Looks
Work harder
