These are fan letters.
Wow, that's a lot!
It's pretty rare to get so many.
People are writing their impressions on the net, so there are more emails.
Perhaps because they heard of this mysterious middle school writer?
Of course, the book itself is their main focus.
There's even another run of it being printed, after all.
Okay! Thank you!
Also...
It's only something I heard, but...
So this way, it becomes more exciti
What?!
Into an anime??
Congratulations again on your anime!
Well it's not for sure yet...
Though that said, there's no way they won't go with it!
So which is it?
MediAscii must be pretty desperate to have even considered picking up your delusional pileup novel thing.
What's that?
Do I hear jealousy?
Feeling the weight of a loser wannabe being beaten out to getting a debut and an anime?
If you don't shut up, I'm going to write anime otaku use only on that huge forehead of yours.
What do you mean use?
I'm not allowed to say something that indecent in public.
Why you
Now, now, now...
So Miss Kiririn, what did you call us together for?
Well basically, today is the first meeting with the anime staff.
Okay...
So I was thinking, if you guys wanted to so badly, I could let you come along.
Why exactly do we have to accompany you to your meeting?
Like I said, you guys know about the studio, staff, and voice actors, right?
I'm giving you a chance to support me with that stuff in the meeting!
It's pretty rare to see you nervous.
So that's why you want us to come along?
D-Don't be stupid!
Who'd get nervous over a silly little meeting?
Here's your Justeen!
Who's in charge of this?
A lady named Fate-san.
Fate?
That's actually her real name.
She's a quarter, and her name is Iori Fate Setsuna.
What a cool name...
Understood!
I'll accompany you, if you want.
What about you?
If you come, I'll introduce you to Fate-san.
For me, it's not really a question of what I'll get out of it,
but my schedule happens to be open today, so I'll come along just for you.
Be thankful you're so lucky.
You're seriously annoying.
The staff is already here.
Ah, okay.
Excuse me.
Don't be so nervous!
You're infecting me with it!
I'm not nervous at all.
The purpose of today's meeting is to have a chance to talk about the My City anime.
So to start with, how about we discuss the general direction we want to take with it?
These two here are Rino-sensei's assistants.
I had them accompany me.
I figured it'd be good to have opinions from the readers.
I see, that makes sense.
My name's Saori.
I'm Kuroneko.
When exactly did I become your assistant?
Calling me that sullies my name.
You needn't mind us. Please go ahead with the meeting.
So how about we start with the director?
Alright.
Do you have anything in particular you want with regards to the anime?
Um... well...
I wrote some notes yesterday for today's meeting.
Notes?
Yes!
First, here's a list of the characters' voice actors.
We can't do this without Hoshino-san!
She has the exact image I had in mind when I was writing!
Also, I'd like Burigaki-san for one of the sisters.
And Youhei-san too!
I heard her in Meruru, and she has a great voice!
And I was thinking Chuuganji-san would be great to have for character design.
His takes on copyright characters are always full of ero.
Also, the idea just occurred to me, but would it be possible to change the opening and ending every episode?
So, 52 songs total.
It'll be such an awesome hit!
And how about doing My Star for number 001?
I wrote this story for the net, but I'm sure the audience would be in tune with it!
Ah, for the soundtrack, I had a hard time deciding between Garyuu-san and Yoroi-san,
but maybe we can have them collaborate?
It'd be great to have all the voice actors for the sisters sing together!
I just thought of it, but maybe we could get a bunch of different manga artists and illustrators to do the character designs!
Maybe if we ask them from Raigeki Bunko's side...
And having end cards would also be great!
Also, this story starts in Shibuya, so could we use real shops in those scenes?
Like a homage to the original?
Also, Director, you did MoeSis too, right?
Can we get Bakkoin-san to do the animation for this?
I love the way he makes things move so smoothly!
Oh, and when you show panties on screen, you normally have to block it with shadows or light, right?
So for this, how about we say they aren't panties, but some kind of survival gear instead?
And lastly, for the credits, could you use Super Original Work instead of just Original Work?
Understood...
We'll take all that into consideration.
Ah, there is one thing we need to mention.
This is going to be a half season13 episodes.
Were you planning on it being a full season?
W-Well...
Right now the base work is only one volume.
We plan to take that and add some anime-original episodes to pad it out.
Oh, okay...
I'll think up some additional content then...
Um...
You don't have to do it right now.
Oh! I have notes for a character that I never ended up putting in the book, so we could use that...
I'll give it a read.
But I think restructuring the content, decreasing character details, and creating a backbone for the world may be enough to pull us through.
I-I see...
Indeed.
Also, about the schedule...
We're planning the broadcast for the July season.
What's wrong?
That's pretty soon...
That's why changing the opening or ending will be pretty difficult at this point.
Putting that energy into improving the main feature's quality may be better for its success on TV.
Oh... I see...
In regards to the voice actors...
I'm glad you have an image in mind for them,
but given their schedule, it may be necessary to use people who aren't on your list.
I hope you can understand.
I see...
And as for the story...
I have some questions I'd like to ask.
Yes?
Why do all these little sisters come to like the main character?
Well...
Because she saved their lives?
But the main character is a girl.
Yes...
Why?
I wonder...
Because the author is projecting herself onto her, obviously.
Miss Kuroneko!
What do you think about changing the main character to a male lead?
I'm back.
Hey! What the hell?
Hey...
What happened?
Shut up...
Hey!
What's wrong?
Kirino!
She's still in bed?
Sheesh.
Both her body and mind are just so weak.
It's understandable though...
They completely turned around all her ideas,
so it probably came as quite a shock to her.
I suppose that's a natural reaction when you see the story you worked so hard on get turned upside-down.
I don't really get it...
Why didn't anyone want to hear her ideas?
It's her book they're turning into an anime, right?
That's true, but the process of creating an anime involves a huge number of people at great cost.
They have to release an episode once every week.
It'd be unrealistic to let one person have their way with everything.
It's a different league from books or manga where you can do all the work solo.
If the author doesn't like it, they can turn down the whole anime project, but...
You feel like you want to watch it, despite your gripes.
What a hassle.
Mr. Kyousuke...
I actually looked into it a bit...
It would seem that this whole project was only decided very recently, after a different anime was suddenly cancelled.
I thought as much.
It seemed far too aggressive, pushing an anime for a new work with only one volume on sale.
So basically...
They're just using this to fill in a gap?
To put it bluntly, yes.
So that's why they're ignoring Kirino's opinions and just bulldozing forward with production...
That's definitely a possible explanation.
That really sucks.
Though again, it's just what I heard.
I don't really get this kind of stuff, but isn't having the story you worked so hard on trampled all over really unfair?
Of course it is.
What should we do?
You're suggesting we do something?
Is there any other choice?
If we don't, her anime is going to be a total mess.
Wouldn't that be a job for your sister?
The one you hate so much?
That's right, I hate her.
But I can't leave this one alone.
It pisses me off too much.
I don't know what, but I feel like I need to do something.
Mr. Kyousuke...
I feel the same way.
Don't misunderstand.
I'm just following along because I'm bored.
Her brother?
Thank you for looking after my sister.
She's in bed sick today, but I asked her for her opinions.
Please let me stand in.
O-Okay...
She already sent me her opinions on the plans though...
She came up with more besides those.
There shouldn't be any problem.
They get along well enough to know how each other thinks.
Please treat his opinions as hers.
And you two came today too?
Her brother?
Sorry for the change.
He's received instructions from the author.
Please treat him as her proxy.
I see...
You still have time.
Tuck your tail and run?
Just watch me.
We made these changes based on comments made at the last meeting.
Given that most fans of the book are male, I think we should change the main character to a young man.
With a young man and little sister characters as the cast, the whole Onii-chan theme becomes more realistic.
The viewers will find it easier to project themselves onto the main character.
That sounds good.
We have a comment from the author about that.
What is it?
If possible, she wants to keep the main character as a girl.
Any reason?
She didn't give one in particular...
Um, if I may?
Yes?
I'm not sure myself, but I think that's a major point for her.
I think she has some meaning in mind behind the idea of girls getting along with girls...
Damn, what am I saying?
And what might that be?
Um... well...
I can't really put it into words myself...
Then I can't really see it.
Excuse me.
Having both the hero and the ones being saved be girls might limit the user demographic,
but the original was successful on that dynamic.
Let's leave the decision to the director.
Say what you think, dammit!
Having a young girl as the main character may cause some physical problems in several scenes.
You think?
You wouldn't normally have a girl lifting rubble.
Couldn't you use something at the scene?
Doesn't it make more sense in that setting to have an ex-soldier or something?
You think?
They completely ignored me...
How about this?
Keep the original as the original, but make the anime a story happening at the same time nearby?
But then there'd be no meaning in using My City...
We can still use some material from the original.
If we make the main character of that one a girl, doesn't that fit everyone's conditions?
What does the author think?
We can't know unless we ask, but she's sick today...
We can ask her later then.
So we can just move on with that idea for now?
No, wait!
Wait a minute!
Doesn't that seem weird to you?
Using her book has no meaning this way!
And frankly, that version sounds so standard it's boring!
Can't you just do it the way she wrote it?
Look here...
There are too many problems with turning this book into an anime.
Yes, but doing that is your job, right?
She did make the story.
Our job is making animating stories.
Not pleasing the original author.
You're not supposed to say that...
She might be a sister to you,
but to us, she's a business partner.
If we could make the original directly into an anime, we would.
But books for which that doesn't work will fail as anime.
That's why sometimes changes are necessary.
Ultimately, the content we produce must be profitable.
We have to consider this from that perspective.
If we don't make a good work into something even better, our customers won't watch or buy it.
Frankly, I've turned down this story once already.
The concept is good, but I don't see how it can succeed as a series.
Most importantly...
I personally don't find it interesting at all.
I've tried to voice my ideas despite that.
But if you don't like them, we can cancel it now.
Er... well...
So you're just running away now, you pathetic swine?
Swine?
This may be oversimplifying, but in other words,
you're out of ideas, so you're trying to turn it into something you've done before.
Hey, wai
Who can say your method is the right one?
If you have time to complain all day then reread the original.
Excuse me
But I will agree that the novel is boring.
The setting is stupid, the story flops around, and the style is incomprehensible.
Yet it's a bestseller?
It gets an anime?
That's so wrong it's not funny.
Any publisher or company or studio supporting this crap would be better off going bankrupt.
Hey!!
I've spent years studying and submitting.
It's frustrating.
I'm so jealous I can't stand it.
You're the same way, right?
You've written many novels before.
But nobody ever read them and they're all out of print now.
Combined, they haven't sold even one tenth of this book's sales.
I can understand how your pride must be getting in the way of scripting something written by a middle school girl.
That's enough! What are you saying?!
You're one to talk.
Why is it always about your sister?
Don't try to tell me you haven't thought about that.
That has nothing to do with this!
She's right.
Why does she have all the talent?
Why does everyone love her?
Why does she get all the attention?
Why does everyone sing her praises?
Why does everything go so perfectly for her?
I've thought about it.
And...
After watching what happened at the last meeting, I was ecstatic.
That girl needs to be kicked down more often.
Ahh, I hate it so much.
I hate everything in this world.
If only a bomb would just blow everything away.
When Kirino was depressed, I felt relieved.
I was basking in her misfortune.
But that's that.
I hate Kirino.
But as my sister...
I have no choice but to do this for her!
I'm her brother.
My sister is a crazy anime otaku.
Shes so excited that her novel is becoming an anime.
Practically jumping up and down like a little kid.
Even with school, work, and club all over her schedule,
she worked until she collapsed, writing exactly how she wanted the anime.
So if it doesn't turn out right, she'll die of depression.
She'll cry, and she'll be heartbroken.
I understand that this is a job for you.
I understand perfectly that I have no place to say this.
But this is all I can say.
She might be a business partner to you, but she's a sister to me.
Please! Listen to what she has to say!
My sister put everything she had into writing it!
She worked so hard!
You guys are anime pros, right?
Then show us what you can do!
If not, she'll be devastated by an animeby what she loves!
Isn't that turning everything you've done until now into nothing?
Please...
Don't waste all the effort you've already put into this!
Your argument is slipping off topic.
Shut up!
But I agree.
This is not something we can just blow off, no matter how envious we are.
Please.
Think it over again.
Keep everything today a secret from Kirino.
There's no way I'd even consider telling her.
Let's just hope it was enough to convince them to change their plans.
I hope so too.
Well, I guess we can leave the rest to Fate-san.
We're technically unrelated to this, after all.
What?
This is a good opportunity, so let me ask you.
Why do you do so much for your sister, even losing face for her?
I don't really know, myself.
Siscon?
Absolutely not!
Masochist?
Not that either!
Then why?
Because I'm her brother, obviously.
Really.
I see.
Must be nice.
So after all that talk, they still went with most of my ideas.
I guess my passion got through to them.
Or maybe being that direct was a good idea.
I always figured that communication is the key to pulling off anime based on original works.
Oh wow!
Chuuganji-san might do the character design?
I need an autograph!
You don't get one.
I don't want one.
And don't talk to me like you know me or something.
You started this conversation!!
Hey...
The next life counseling will be the last one.
TS
H HO
HO O
H O!
OS
sonna yasashiku shinai de donna kao sureba ii no?
tsumikasaneta kotoba de
mienai yo kimi no yokogao
dokodakke? nakushita kagi ha mitsukaranai mama de
tameiki... surechigai ni iji hatte tsukarechau
hon no sukoshi chikaku kimi to no kyori ga
umaku tsukamenainda ato chotto na no ni
sonna yasashikushinaide hora mata kizutsukeatte
tsumikasaneta uso de mou ugokenakunatteru
sugu ni ai ni ikitai kedo kotoba ha mitsukaranai shi
saigo no ichi pe-ji kurai kimi ni ha egao misetai
Don't be so nice to me, I just don't know how to react
With all these words piling up,
I can't even see your face
Where is it? I lost my key, now I can't find it
Sigh, I'll burn out if I keep acting like this whenever we fight
Maybe we're close? I just can't figure out
Just how far away I am, even though you're right there
Don't be so nice to me, see? We hurt each other again
With all these lies piling up, I can't even move
I want to see you now, but I don't know what to say
If this is the end for our story, I want you to see my smile
NO ED
TS
Mazui Presents
There's No Way My Little Sister 0000 can be This Cute
There's No Way My Little Sister Could Get an Anime
There's No Way My Little Sister Can Play Eroge Like This
