<sign: Incinerator >
So what are we going to start with?
It took me a while to think it over,
but I think we should start with Yui.
Who?
You know, the girl who does vocals for the guerrilla live concerts in the cafe.
Dont you remember her?
Shes always so energetic, laughing away while she bullies Hinata.
She does the bands vocals and anything else she likes doing.
I think shes already found peace.
If we just give her a gentle push,
shell be able to leave this place.
Thats what I think.
If you think so, then alright.
You agree?
Okay, then lets do that.
So, how's it going on your end?
Well, it took some time...
Hand Sonic, version 5.
This is Hand Sonic version 5.
It looks more evil than angelic...
I made it like this because you told me Im playing the cruel Angel, so I had to make it look mean.
No good?
No, thats great. Really unpleasant.
Unpleasant?
No no, I mean really good.
Could you also grow wings?
Wings?
What would I do with those?
Itd look cool, wouldnt it?
I have to look cool?
No, I just thought it would make you more Angel - like.
Ill think about it.
Thanks.
So, what am I supposed to do?
Oh, right.
Lets do this
You appear while shes in band practice,
then you tell her,
Another club is complaining about the noise.”
Then you point at Yui and say,
Your guitar is especially bad.”
Because of you, the band is dead.”
That being the case, Im confiscating that guitar.”
Then you take her guitar and leave the scene.
Of course, Yui will give chase.
Just run, and head to the inner garden.
At that point Ill pretend to bump into you, and then you let go of the guitar.
Ill take it, so just run away at that point.
This way we can create a situation where I can be alone with her.
Understood.
Alright!
Now we just wait for the start of rehearsal and go!
- Empty Classroom
Stop!
Yui, dont just keep going when you mess up the rhythm!
Don't you think you should concentrate on just singing or playing?
Yeah youre right, it sounds bad right now.
No way!
Iwasawa - san sang and played at the same time!
Thats because Iwasawa was good at both.
Im trying my best too!
Youre all too strict!
Our concerts are popular arent they?
But this is a new song.
Angel?!
Because of your guitar, the band is dead.
She discovered the bands weak point in an instant!
We cant underestimate her!
She knows music!
No way! I thought nobody noticed!
That being the case, Im confiscating that guitar.
Hey, Yui!
Are you okay?
Here.
Why are you alone?
She didnt chase me.
See? Without the guitar you dont go off beat.
But doesn't it sound kind of weak?
We need a rhythm guitar.
Should we get another side guitar player then?
What I want to say is...
The band has the most impact with the vocals also on guitar, dammit!!
Why you...
She made Hisako - san angry!
I'm gonna go get my guitar back!
Crap!
Hey! Dammit, Yui!
Here she comes!
Where did she go?
There she is!
Wait up!
Whoops, sorry!
Idiot, thats too high!
My guitar!
Its fine, not a scra
Senpai protected it from Angel for me!
Where did she go, dammit!!
Geez, whats with the dammit!”
I see youre doing whatever you want, as usual.
Whatever I want? Not really...
You got the vocal position in the band, didnt you?
Youre even playing guitar.
Oh thats nothing, its just one of the things I wanted to do.
There are other things?
Yeah, lots of them.
Lots”...
No wait, lets talk somewhere else.
- Front
So, what else is there?
Do I have to tell you?
If you dont want to talk about it, thats fine.
Thats okay, Ill tell you.
I have more things I want to do than most people.
Why do you think that is?
Because, I guess...
You couldnt do them when you were alive?
Yep, exactly!
When I was small, I got hit by a car from behind.
After that, I became paralyzed.
I was completely bedridden.
I couldnt live without assistance.
I was constantly relying on my mother.
I was always thinking it wasnt fair to her.
I was able to watch TV, so when I saw bands on music shows I thought itd be great if I could do that too.
I see. That turned out well then.
Yeah!
So what else do you want to do?
Well, I watched baseball matches a lot.
Did we already play baseball at the tournament?
I didnt get a hit though.
Hit?
A home run!
You wont be happy till you hit a home run?
Not at all!
Once I become better in the band, Im thinking about putting in some real practice.
Keeping both of those up will be tough.
I guess Ill ask, what else was there?
Soccer!
Soccer?!
It was popular, right!
Well it was, but...
She has too many interests!
In what world does a person try to be a musician, baseball player, and a soccer player?
I dont suppose there are any oth
Pro wrestling!
I dont understand her!
In what world...
Wait, everything she wants to do comes from TV...
But this is going to be hard...
Granting all of those dreams for her...
Alright.
Ill fulfill those dreams for you.
Lets start with something easy.
How about we go with pro wrestling?
Pro wrestling?
What move?
German Suplex!
Theres no way you can pull off such a flashy move!
Do a pin or something you can actually pull off!
But Ive always wanted to do the German Suplex!
And then I'll win with a sleeper hold!
Dont say such violent things so innocently!
Okay.
Lets try it.
Really?
Yeah.
Alright!
Youre stronger than I thought!
You can do this!
Owww!!
I guess its impossible for a girl...
No, you almost did it!
That was close!
Really?
Then can we try it again?
Y - Yeah...
Can we go somewhere with grass first?
Otherwise Ill die.
You cant die!
No, I wasnt joking.
I'm not going to make it.
Sorry! Ill get it right next time!
This really is the last time.
Im going back.
Senpai!
Are you even able to pull off a bridge?
I can!
Lets see it.
So this was the root of the problem...
Thanks to this I nearly lost consciousness several times.
Well start with bridge training then.
What? Boring!
Just do it!
Come on, try harder!
Thats terrible, come on!
But Ive never done this before!
If you cant do this, you wont be able to do the German Suplex.
Ill do my best.
Im doing it, just about!
You're shaking all over the place, but thatll do.
Here I go then!
Bring it!
Her arms are fixed firmly around my waist!
Theres no escape from this!
It's perfect!
Perfect!
German Suplex!!
One...
two...
three!
Ding ding ding!
Match over!
I did it... I really did it!
Yay!
Banzai!
How much more of this am I going to have to deal with?
- Passageway
How about we do soccer next?
A one on one penalty kick should be fine, right?
No, I want to do a dribble shoot against 5 people!
You know, Maradona.
Well, I know that...
Okay, fine.
Leave it to me!
Hey TK, know where Matsushita 5th Dan is?
He cant dance in my world right now.
Don't let me cry!
I guess so...
So where?
Secluded mountain training.
In the mountain.
IN THE MOUNTAIN.
Secluded mountain training?
Hes gone pretty far off...
So he wont be back for a while?
Ah whatever, youll do.
Could you gather up 4 other members for me?
- Mens toilet
Keep this secret from Yuri, but I got this letter from Angel.
You cant even stand up to a single girl.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man.
Im surprised you know a word like absurd”.
Were you cured of idiocy?
No, even idiots can read this.
Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship.
Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds.
Angel.
What the hell!?
I dont really get it...
Did she really write this?
The Angel now isnt like the one before.
After having all those minds mixed into her, she's taken to writing challenges as idiotic as this.
I cant deal with this stupidity.
Im going to go tell Yurippe.
I said keep it a secret from Yuri!
Why?
If you tell Yuri, itll develop into another bloodbath.
Look, it says for the sake of sportsmanship” right?
Shes saying she wants to fight fair and square with sports.
Thats why this challenge is directed at us guys.
Telling Yuri would damage our pride as men.
I see, thats a good point.
I guess the five of us will go then.
Kiss you!
Thats the spirit!
What?
Look over there.
Someones there.
Isnt that Yui?
Whats she doing?
So youve come.
Kick off!
She started dribbling the ball...
Here I come, you bastards!
I get it!
Shes the one who wrote the letter!
She must have gotten annoyed with us always being so useless that she was driven to doing this!
Alright, lets defend the goal!
Were not losing this fight!
Us men will win!
I dont really get it but...
I get it!
Dont look down on us!
I kiss you!
Hinata, take goalie!
Alright!
Outta my way, damn idiots!
What a pathetic dribble.
Youre full of openings!
Take this!
Alright, one down!
What the hell was that?
What are you doing, Noda?!
Number two!
Ref, thats a red card right there!
Safe!
Whos that supposed to be?
Im still going, bitches!
Get her, TK! Otonashi!
Easy come, easy go!
Leave it to us!
Number three!
Alright!
Woo! Here we
Whose side are you on?!
Looks like youre the last one!
Youll have to kill me to take this ball!
What kind of sportsmanship is that?!
Like I care!
Here I come!
Ultimate Killer Shot!!
I can't tell whether she wants to kill me or score a goal with this shot!
Its a miracle!
Hinata!!
It went in?
Yay!
I did it!
I scored a goal!
No way...
We lost?
To Yui, by herself...
Scrambled it trouble down.
That was bad...
Lets keep this a secret.
Yeah...
Though, she lost the ball, didnt pass the goalie and went all over the place...
Well, whatever.
Alright...
Lets move on to the next one!
<Sign: Baseball field >
Before that, how far are you trying to hit this home run?
Beyond the fence, of course!
Seriously?
Well for now, hit it as hard as you can.
I hit it!
Just hitting the ball doesnt mean much...
Watch the ball carefully and hit it with the center of the bat.
Youre hitting too high on the ball.
Now youre too low.
Theres no way youll hit it with your eyes closed!
This is weak...
Come on, try harder!
I am!
One more time!
Huh?
Youre hopeless.
Youre too tired to grip properly.
Theres no point continuing further today.
Youre not going to do it just by yelling.
Ive got more!
Aw man...
Huh?
Lets stop here for today, I cant see the ball anymore.
Well start again tomorrow!
What are you guys doing?
Yo!
Want to try? Serious baseball.
Full swing, huh?
Havent done that in a while.
I guess this kind of things okay too.
Come on!
Youre not hitting them at all!
Are you okay?
Let me see your hands.
No.
Show me!
I guess this is why...
I cant do it after all...
This is enough for this dream.
Dont give up!
Thanks for everything.
Why are you doing this for me?
Well, because you wanted to do it.
See it through to the end!
Me getting a home run would be a joke.
And even without hitting one, I was able to use my body to this extent.
Thats more than enough.
It felt like going to a club every day.
I had fun!
I told you, right?
I was paralyzed in the past, so this was amazingly fun.
So theyre all fulfilled?
Fulfilled? What is?
Everything you wanted to do when you couldnt move.
Oh...
Theres one more.
What?
Marriage.
The ultimate happiness for a girl.
But I cant do housework or cleaning or anything...
Actually, I cant do anything by myself.
Im nothing but trouble, dragging everyone else down.
I guess no one would want to take me...
God is pretty mean...
My happiness...
It was all taken from me.
Thats not true.
Then, senpai...
will you marry me?
Ill do it!
Hinata...
Ill marry you.
Im serious.
But...
You dont know the real me...
No matter what happens to you in the real world,
Ill marry you!
No matter what kind of sickness you have!
I cant walk or even stand...
I said no matter what kind!!
Even if you cant walk or stand,
or even if you cant have kids!
Ill still marry you!
Ill always stay by your side.
The Yui I met here isnt fake.
Its the real Yui!
No matter where or how I meet you, Ill fall in love with you.
If I can meet you again, against the 6 billion to 1 odds,
and even if your body cant move,
Ill marry you.
We wont meet...
Im always in bed at home.
I play baseball you know.
One day, Ill smash a baseball through your window,
and when I go to get it, Ill find you.
Thats how well meet.
Well end up talking, we'll get along, and before I know it Ill be visiting you every day.
What do you think?
Yeah...
Hey, when that happens...
My moms always working hard by herself to take care of me...
Could you help her out?
Leave it to me.
Thank goodness...
Are you okay with that?
Of course.
What are you going to do now?
Ill help you out till the end.
There are still lots of our friends who need help.
I see.
What the hell did I just cut?
A shadow?
Explain it a bit more clearly.
Thats the only explanation I have.
Noda - san just ran here and defeated it.
Oyama - san by himself was in danger.
Danger?
What?
<p<preview>
This world is developing an abnormality.
He did something again?
For him to drop his glasses...
Is this a bad dream?
I tried to save them too!
I dont need backup!
This is too irregular..
Somethings coming, Otonashi - san!
Even being erased by Angel would be better than this!
Youll disappear!
Dammit!
Yurippe!
Ive got one!
Well, if we can, well meet again.
TS
Incinerator
Study block A - Empty Classroom
Main Dining Hall - Front
Several hours later
Study Block - Passageway
Study Block C - Mens toilet
Soccer field
Baseball field
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
It is absurd to think you call yourself a man. Ill beat your girly ass till you learn some guts for the sake of sportsmanship. Ill be waiting after school at the soccer grounds. Angel.
umaretekita koto mou koukai wa shinai
matsuri no ato mitai samishii kedo soro soro ikou
doko made mo yuku yo koko de shitta koto
shiawase to iu yume wo kanaetemiseru yo
kimi to hanaretemo donna ni tooku nattemo
atarashii asa ni atashi wa ikiru yo
megutte nagarete toki wa usuroide
mou nani ga atta ka omoidasenai kedo
me wo tojiteireba dareka soba ni ite
naze ka sore ga ima ichiban no takaramono
DO
I have no regrets over what has been born
Like the feeling after a festival, its sad but we should move on
Ill go anywhere, you know that
Ill grant your dream of happiness
Even if Im parted from you, no matter how far away,
Ill be born again with the new morning
The twists and turns of time will change
I dont remember what happened anymore
But when I close my eyes, someones beside me
Somehow right now, thats my greatest treasure
