Gotcha!
Stick with your close range weapons!
but the goblins might be stronger than us.
How many of us are there?
It looks almost like a castle rather than a town.
Familiar or not, I can't remember anybody...
Excuse me, does anybody know where we are?
You can call me Chief. Or Bri, but only if you say it affectionately.
Give us answers.
You wanna find out for yourself?
In time.
And then I'll get you good.
You should be able to live off of it for the time being.
I don't have my cell phone either.
I adore fast learners.
We spent eight silvers to join a guild, so we each have two silvers left.
One silver equals one hundred coppers...
so even if we use the minimum for living expenses, we'll only last about two weeks.
You should feel honored.
This is great to watch, you hear?
Keep going!
Of course.
What the heck are you doing, Haruhiro?
Get'em and stab! Stick'em!
It's not that easy! It's not like you're
S-Sorry!
We'll hit allies with arrows if this turns into a melee!
Use swords!
S-Sorry!
Ma-Marque, Em
Parc.
Are you okay?
Can you stand?
I-I'm sorry...
I'll heal you, just in case.
O light, return to Lumiaris' divine protection. Cure!
S-Sorry!
This is a battle of life or death!
Everybody!
Both us and the goblins are fighting a real battle for our lives!
It doesn't get more serious than this!
No living thing wants to die!
We're all out of breath, even though we haven't exerted ourselves much.
What's going on?!
Aren't goblins the weakest monsters in Grimgar?
Yeah, they're supposed to be...
I don't want to admit it...
Awaken.
Awaken.
Awaken.
How long are you gonna sleep, Haruhiro?
The sun's high.
It's the morning.
Aren't you forgetting something?
The morning.
Cock-a-doodle-doo.
What's with the sleepy eyes?
I was born with eyes like this.
It doesn't mean I'm sleepy, I've told you before!
Liar, no doubt you're still sleepy.
Hey, you awake?
Once you both get dressed, will you come to the courtyard?
It's time for breakfast.
Oh no...
I was on breakfast duty...
Don't worry, I switched with you.
You seemed pretty tired from yesterday's fight.
Sorry about that, Manato.
You don't seem that sorry, Haruhiro.
Aren't you on duty, too?
You should go.
Well...
When I woke up Moguzo had traded with me.
What?
I can't believe you can still harp on me.
It's obvious.
If you don't get up, I won't get my morning grub.
It's starting to smell mighty good.
I enjoy cooking.
I rather enjoy taste-testing, too!
Yume, Moguzo.
I gathered these on our way back yesterday.
Will these work as additional ingredients?
I-I can...
Then, Shihoru, I'll leave it to you.
Is it a little under-salted?
I think it's yummy.
Salt's also pretty pricey...
Let's try to be frugal until we're able to earn money.
I mean, we haven't even defeated one monster.
Oh, yeah...
Haruhiro and Ranta, are you both okay?
My Light Magic can heal wounds, but it won't replenish lost blood.
No problems here. I'm fit as a fiddle.
I get a little dizzy, but I'm okay.
Great.
Why don't we try the forest today again?
We were against two goblins yesterday.
That might be too hard for us right now.
Let's try going for a loner.
That'll take too long.
If we keep running, it'll take forever to accumulate my first Vices.
Renji and his group are moving ahead without hiccups, too.
It's better than overdoing it and getting hurt like yesterday.
This isn't a game.
A game?
Manato, what's a game?
But I just used that word, huh.
It felt like the right thing at the time, but...
Game...
Things like this happen to us sometimes.
We impulsively use words that seem familiar, but we don't know the meaning of them.
It makes us uneasy, like when something gets a little stuck in your throat and you can't get it out.
When I first came to the world of Grimgar...
Well, I don't actually know where I came from either.
Anyway, I'll tell you about my oldest memory.
It was actually only from a couple of days ago.
Awaken.
I can't remember anything from before this.
I didn't know why I was here...
Is anybody there?
Y-Yeah.
I'm here.
Yeah.
Likewise...
How many of us?
Let's count?
Where are we, anyway?
Man, no one here knows?
What's up with this?
What the heck is this?
That over there... you think it's a town?
Rather than a town...
I don't see any familiar faces.
Did you just say something?
No... nothing.
Rather than familiar...
This is odd...
I can't remember anybody.
Not my friends, family, anybody...
Where... is this place?
Excuse me, does anybody know?!
Where...
I know!
We can ask them.
Look, we can ask those guys wearing all that armor stuff.
This is the town of Ortana.
The name's Brittany.
I'm chief and host of the Red Moon office of the Volunteer Soldier Squad for Ortana's Borderland Brigade.
Calling me Chief if fine and all, but Bri-chan is okay too.
However in that case you better say it veeery affectionately.
Got it?
Answer my question.
What the heck are the Borderland Brigade and the Volunteer Soldier Squad?
Why am I here?
Demanding are you?
I don't mind ones like you.
It's Renji.
And I don't like pervy guys like you
Renji, let me tell you something.
No one has called me perverted and lived long.
Wanna try?
Well, try and get me if you can, Pervy Chief.
When time comes.
I'll get you good, I'll get you very good.
You won't be able to forget me after that.
Ten silver coins.
There are ten silvers in here per person.
I'll give a bag to those who join the Volunteer Soldier Squad.
It should be enough for the time being.
Oh yeah, money...
No phone either...
Phone?
Huh, what's a cell phone?
Look here.
This is proof that you're a trainee, priced at twenty silver coins.
For twenty more, you can buy an official badge that comes with its own benefits.
We have to buy them?
Either way, if you're not strong enough, you'll die.
Die? I didn't realize this conversation was so serious.
What, exactly, do we need to do?
My dear Renji, you disappoint me.
You'll defeat enemies by gathering information with your own wits and discernment.
That's the way of a Volunteer Soldier.
So basically, we need to find out things and think for ourselves for everything?
Exactly.
I love such fast learners.
After you defeat a monster, take all the spoils and sell them.
These are basics.
Don't think that there are other types of menial labor to do.
It's a different story if you want to become a little pet of mine.
Living has its own challenges.
I'll give you just one piece of advice.
Don't give up.
Yes, when you die, you die, but if you give up, you're definitely going to die.
That, I am sure of.
Congratulations.
Starting today, you are all Volunteer Soldier trainees.
In the borderlands of this world called Grimgar...
The Borderland Brigade's mission is to clear them out and suppress them.
But in reality, the regular army has their hands full with maintaining Ortana and the forts on the front line.
So that's why Volunteer Soldiers like us are needed.
Well, we're still trainees, though.
Renji and his party have already bought official Borderland Brigade badges from Bri-chan.
It seems you can trade monster items like horns and claws for a high price.
Twenty silvers still seem pretty expensive.
Meat! I want some meat!
Some hearty stuff that I can sink my teeth into!
They cost four coppers.
Be patient until we can actually earn our living.
You just wait!
I'm gonna eat everything in sight!
I'll clean out the stands, bones and all!
I don't think you should eat the bones...
Or the stand.
Don't sweat the small stuff, you'll only tire yourself out.
Now that I think about it, I'm getting more tired just talking to you.
You're so weak.
It makes you so useless!
No good. No good for anything!
And you're strong, Ranta?
He doesn't look it.
I am strong.
Even when I was a babe, I was famous for my hidden strength!
If you were famous for it, there was nothing hidden about it.
That day, Renji chose some of the stronger people and set out from Bri-chan's office.
The rest of us formed a party, but truthfully, I think there's a difference in our strength.
We spent eight silvers to join a guild.
Each have two silvers left.
One silver equals one hundred coppers, so even if we use bare minimum, we'll only last about two weeks.
If we don't want to camp out, let's spend carefully for the time being.
In order to work in this world, you need to join a guild.
Manato found this out for us, too.
As a party, we discussed and decided what roles to take and sought out to join our respective guilds.
You say you want to join my Thief Guild?
Yes... that's what I came to do.
Um...
Huh...?
Now this is rare.
You're choosing to be a Thief as your first job even though you're just a Volunteer Soldier trainee?
Did you decide all by yourself?
I-I talked with my party leader, Manato.
Hmm...
A-And I thought that someone like me could only make himself useful as a Thief
Ow! You're hurting me!
Everyone realizes the value of having a Thief in your party once you're an experienced Volunteer Soldier.
The first part of your training takes seven days.
You'll go one-on-one with me.
Feel honored.
If you're reluctant, I can let someone else train you.
N-No, please! I insist!
Just to let you know, I'm strict.
I'll punish you if you can't keep up.
Please go easy on me.
U-Um, should I call you Teacher?
Oh my, you'll call me Teacher?
That has a nice ring to it.
Uh, er, I
Thieves get nicknames, you see.
After you complete your training, I'll give you a nice little nickname.
O-Okay.
I'm Barbara.
It seems like we'll have a fun week.
Teacher Barbara was always beautiful and sexy, but she was more sadistic than a sadist and was merciless.
Despite that, she gave me a nickname at the end.
So my nickname is Old Cat?
It's because you always have the sleepy eyes of an elderly cat.
I was born like this...
And so, I became a Thief.
Moguzo became a Warrior.
Ranta, a Dark Knight.
Yume, a Hunter.
Shihoru, a Magician.
And Manato became a Priest.
I'm not used these clothes yet...
Frankly, I feel embarrassed wearing them.
Are you okay, Yume?
Yeah, it just went down wrong.
Y-You should eat a little more slowly.
I don't know why, but I always rush when I eat.
Master would always tell me, Yume, it's bad if you don't eat slowly.
Was it not worded like that...?
Maybe master said Eat slowly?
Can you use a bow and arrow properly with a personality like this?
You seem super unfit to be a Hunter.
Master did say that archery might be too tough for me.
I was a bad shot, no matter how much I trained.
Yeah, it was dangerous yesterday!
Well, sorry.
I might have been thinking it'd be okay to hit you.
What did you say?!
I was the one you almost hit, though.
Unforgivable. Especially since you're flat-chested.
Flat-chested?
I only forgive people like Shihoru who try to disguise their large boobs.
Eh?!
S Sorry!
Th-That's okay.
You can't fool me even if you hide them.
I can usually tell even if they're spread or flattened!
What kind of skill is that?
It's not a skill!
This is a gift from the heavens!
An ability!
It's just because... I'm fat.
You don't seem fat to me.
M-My clothes just hide it...
Oh...
Shihoru, are you the type of girl that other girls don't like?
Girls hate other girls who call themselves fat even though they're not the most.
It seems like guys and girls alike hate you, though.
Not just guys and girls, the whole world!
I'm world-class!
And you're okay with that?
Don't act like a saint, Haruhiro.
You were looking at Shihoru's chest earlier, too.
I saw you.
I saw you dearly, with my mind's eye.
Th-That just means you didn't see anything.
Really, I don't...
I really... am fat.
I didn'twait, it's not something to cry over.
I'm not crying!
You clearly are!
I definitely see tears dripping down.
Don't you worry, Shihoru.
What are you aiming at me for?
I don't think I'll miss this shot.
Obviously! You're freakin' close!
You know Shihoru, you look skinny, but you're actually pretty soft.
Please don't touch me... it's embarrassing.
You smell good, too.
Yeah, you smell so good.
N-No way... s-smell?
Let's see how it feels to touch them...!
Th-This is a feast for my eyes...!
Hey, you hear?!
Keep going!
Sorry to break up the fun...
It won't be safe after sundown.
And it gets pitch-black.
Dangerous monsters will be out, too.
What's taking you guys so long?
Fast!
You change gears just like that, huh.
Naturally.
I'm a man who makes precise choices about time, place, and people.
People call me Master of Choices.
I'm gonna be King of the Choices!
One, two, three... four of them!
Yeah...
Yume, you'll give us away!
But, the Gobs are eating yummier food than mine!
Day thirteen in Grimgar.
We didn't earn any money today either.
Our wallets are a little
No. Very empty.
I'm hungry.
After today, tomorrow will come again.
Maybe I've been taking that for granted.
But now...
It's not... easy, huh...
Hm?
No.
Nothing.
Repeating a yesterday filled with scrapes,
We clear the path to a hopeful tomorrow.
I wonder what remains
in both these tiny hands?
The voice I raised upwards scattered into the air.
The reality I've gamed is hazy,
and even if I can't see ahead of me,
I can keep moving forward on this long road
if I'm with you.
Connecting a bond covered in dust,
We join back to back in the past and future.
Repeating an answer full of mistakes,
I will reach out my hands to seek the light, again and again.
Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash
Whisper, Chant, Prayer, Awaken
Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash
Long Day of the Trainee Volunteer Soldier
Also check out!
Goblin's
Journey
Now serialized on the official anime web site.
