The cumulative results for the practical exam are out!
I can't believe he got first place with no rescue points.
The faux villains acquire their targets and draw near them.
In the second half, as others were slowing down,
he used his flashy Quirk to keep bringing them close and then counterattacking.
It's the result of his toughness.
In contrast, there's the 7th place student with zero villain points.
There have been other examinees who took on the large villain in the past,
but it's been a while since I last saw someone blow it away.
But to suffer such a serious injury from his own attack...
It's like he's a young child whose Quirk just manifested.
The night after I opened my acceptance letter...
All Might!
Who's that?!
All Might?
No way! Where?
Repeat after me: I had the wrong person.
Oh, I had the wrong person!
Aw, what?
I was hoping to see him...
Congrats on getting accepted.
Th-Th-Thank you very much!
Just so you know, I didn't tell the school about my connection to you.
You're the type that would think that's cheating, right?
I wasn't one of the judges.
Th-Thank you for your concern!
But I was surprised to find out that you were a teacher at U.A.
So that's why you came here, huh?
I mean, your agency is in Roppongi in Minato, Tokyo at
Stop that!
I couldn't tell anyone before the school announced it.
I just happened to be offered a job from U A. when I was searching for a successor.
I have been looking for a successor.
I see.
He was originally planning on choosing one of the students.
One of the students gifted with an amazing Quirk.
My body broke with one kick and one punch of One For All.
I can't control it at all.
That can't be helped.
It's like if you asked a person who suddenly grew a tail to do a trick...
Wait, did you know that would happen?!
Well, there wasn't any time...
But it turned out all right.
It turned out all might!
Right now, you're either at a hundred percent or zero.
But once you can control it, you'll be able to adjust to what your body can handle.
Control?!
The more you train a vessel, the more you'll be able to move the power freely.
Like this.
Wait, is that All Might?!
No way! When did he get here?!
Let's go, young Midoriya!
Y-Yes, sir!
The flame I passed on to you is still small,
but in the future, it'll be exposed to wind and rain and grow even bigger.
And then, I will slowly become weak and disappear, and I will finish my job.
Yeah, that's deep.
Izuku, do you have tissue?
Yeah.
And your handkerchief? What about your handkerchief? Your hanky?
I have it!
I don't have time, I'm going to be late.
Izuku!
What is it?!
You're really cool.
That was the beginning of my high school career.
I'm off!
The acceptance rate for U.A. High's hero course is less than one in three hundred every year.
Other than the four people admitted through recommendations,
36 are admitted through the regular exam.
Those 36 are split into only two classes, with 18 in each.
Class 1-A... 1-A...
This place s too big...
There it is!
The door's huge!
Is it for accessibility...?
The elite chosen from the huge number at the exam...
I hope I'm not in the same class as the scary peopl
Don't put your feet on the desk!
Huh?
Don't you think that's rude to the U.A. upperclassmen and the people who made the desk?
I don't!
What junior high did you go to, you side character?!
The top two?
I attended Somei Private Academy.
My name is Iida Tenya.
Somei?!
So you're a damn elite, huh?
Looks like I'll have fun crushing you!
Crushing?
You're terrible!
Do you truly aim to be a hero?!
You're...
Oh, um...
Good morning!
I am from Somei Private Academy. My name is
I heard!
I'm Midoriya.
Nice to meet you, Iida.
Midoriya, you realized there was something more to that practical exam, didn't you?
I had no idea...
I misjudged you!
I hate to admit it, but you are better than me.
Sorry.
I actually didn't realize anything.
Oh, that curly hair!
You're the plain-looking one!
You passed, just like Present Mic said!
It's the nice person!
She looks good in a uniform...
Of course you did!
Your punch was amazing!
Break! Break! Break! Break! Bre
Oh, well, um, it was thanks to you going to speak with him directly that I, uh...
Huh? How did you know about that?
Oh, uh, that's because...
I can't believe we have two students from our school matriculating into U.A.!
Especially you, Midoriya.
It's a miracle of miracles!
What dirty tricks did you use to get in, huh?!
The first student from his school to go to U.A.
My future plan has already been torn to pieces.
I told you to go somewhere else!
Kacchan.
Someone told me...
You can become a hero...
That it was because of my own effort...
Th-That's why...
I'm going...!
How dare he defy me?
Something's definitely up.
I wonder if today's just the entrance ceremony and orientation?
I wonder what our teacher's like?
S-So close!
Aren't you nervous?
Go somewhere else if you want to play at being friends.
This is the hero course.
S-Something's here?!
S-Something's here?!
Okay, it took eight seconds before you were quiet.
Time is limited.
You kids are not rational enough.
A teacher?
Which means, that person's a pro hero, too?
But I've never seen a hero who looked that worn out before.
I'm your homeroom teacher, Aizawa Shouta.
Nice to meet you.
Homeroom teacher?!
It's kind of sudden, but put this on and go out onto the field.
The U.A. system does not follow the beaten path.
Depending on the homeroom teacher, even the first day can be...
A Quirk assessment test?!
What about the entrance ceremony?
The orientation?
If you're going to become a hero, you don't have time for such leisurely events.
That's also how the teachers run their classes.
You kids have been doing these since junior high, too, right?
Physical fitness tests where you weren't allowed to use your Quirks.
The country still uses averages taken from results from students not using their Quirks.
It's not rational.
Well, the Ministry of Education is procrastinating.
Bakugo, you finished at the top of the practical exam, right?
In junior high, what was your best result for the softball throw?
67 meters.
Then, try doing it with your Quirk.
You can do whatever you want as long as you stay in the circle.
Hurry up.
Give it all you have got.
Then, well...
I'll add a blast to the pitch.
Die...!
Die?
Know your own maximum first.
That is the most rational way to form the foundation of a hero.
705 meters, for real?
What's this? It looks fun!
We can use our Quirks as much as we want!
As expected from the hero course!
It looks fun, huh?
You have three years to become a hero.
Will you have an attitude like that the whole time?
All right.
Whoever comes in last place in all eight tests will be judged to have no potential...
Huh?!
Aizawa, huh?
He'll be facing a lot of suffering from the start.
Punished with expulsion?!
Oh no... This is bad...
In all eight tests?
I can only use One For All at either a hundred or zero percent.
I can't control it yet...
We're free to do what we want about the circumstances of our students.
A huge test on the first day of school?
What am I going to do?!
Last place will be expelled?!
But it's the first day of school!
No, even if it wasn't the first day of school, this is too unfair!
Natural disasters, big accidents, and selfish villains.
Calamities whose time or place can't be predicted.
Japan is covered with unfairness.
Heroes are the ones who reverse those situations.
If you wanted to go talk with your friends at Mickey D's after school, too bad.
For the next three years, U.A. will do all it can to give you one hardship after another.
Go beyond. Plus Ultra.
Overcome it with all you have got.
This is too serious to be hazing.
However, this is the best of the best.
I have to do it.
This isn't all I've got.
All right, demonstration's over.
The real thing starts now.
On your mark...
Get set...
For 50 meters, I can only go up to third gear...
Iida Tenya. Quirk: Engine.
As you can see, his legs are fast.
Well, he's like a fish in water.
It'll be worth seeing what others do.
Ribbit.
Lighten up my clothes and shoes...
Uraraka Ochako. Quirk: Zero Gravity!
Get set...
She can nullify the gravitational pull of any object she touches.
However, if she goes over capacity, she'll get really nauseous.
Oh, but that's faster than I was in junior high!
Everyone, you're not being creative enough.
On your mark...
I'll show you what it's like...
Get set...
Aoyama Yuuga. Quirk: Navel Laser!
He can shoot a laser from his bellybutton.
He's limited by the amount of time he can shoot continuously.
If I shoot for more than a second, I get a stomachache.
What the heck?
What the heck?
Looking at the upper limit of your Quirks and the room for growth in each result,
it becomes clear what you can and can't do.
On your mark...
Get set...
That will connect to the creativity needed for you to survive.
Explosive speed!
Bakugou Katsuki. Quirk: Explosion!
When I use both hands, the force disperses...
Deku is...
There are seven more tests.
I'm sure everyone will use their Quirks to produce some extraordinary results.
On the other hand, I have this power that will break my body if I use it once.
Control... Control...
Even if I have the image in my head, when I have to actually use it...
The trick to controlling...
Wow, that's All Might for you!
You have already pulled out the 100.
It destroyed me, though.
But now that you have, it'll be easy.
You should have already grasped the feeling.
What was it like?
It was like a bzzt or a whoosh...
Um...
Ah, I know!
Like an egg put into a microwave!
That's boring, but unique!
If that's the image you have,
then lower the wattage,
or shorten the cook time.
Anything's fine, just focus on the image of the egg not exploding.
The image...?
You have three weeks until school starts.
Keep focusing on that image.
It won't happen overnight, but I'm sure you will be able to do it someday.
The image of the egg not exploding...
Wow!
540 kilograms?
What are you, a gorilla?
Oh, an octopus?
Octopuses... are sexy.
Control...
Infinity?!
Infinity?!
That's amazing!
She got infinity!
This is bad.
It's not something simple that I can just do right away.
Everyone's leaving at least one amazing result...
All that's left is this, the long-distance run, sit-ups, and the seated toe-touch.
It's now or never.
At this rate, I'll be last.
It doesn't look good for Midoriya if he continues like this.
Huh? Of course not.
He's a Quirkless small fry, you know.
Quirkless?!
Are you not aware of what he did in the entrance exam?
Huh?
It's about time, huh?
Izuku! You're really cool.
You can become a hero.
I'll definitely become one!
46 meters.
I was definitely trying to use it just now...
I erased your Quirk.
That entrance exam was definitely not rational enough.
Even a kid like you was accepted.
You erased my Quirk?
Those goggles...
I see!
You can erase other people's Quirks with your Quirk just by looking at them.
The Erasure Hero,
Eraser Head!
Eraser?
I don't know him.
I've heard of him.
He's an underground hero.
He doesn't like media attention because he says it hinders his work.
That's right, young Midoriya.
He and I don't get along.
From what I can tell, you can't control your Quirk, can you?
Do you intend to become incapacitated again and have someone save you?
Th-That's not my intention
Whatever your intention,
I'm saying that's what those around you will be forced to do.
In the past,
there was an oppressively passionate hero who saved over a thousand people by himself
and created a legend.
Even if you have the same reckless valor...
Midoriya Izuku.
With your power, you can't become a hero.
I've returned your Quirk.
You have two turns for the ball throw.
Hurry up and get it over with.
Are you worried about him?
It looks like he received some advice.
Probably just telling him he's expelled.
I'm...
Who are you?
What should I do?
Which should I choose?
Will he incorrigibly prepare for an honorable defeat here by using all his strength...
No matter which he chooses, he has no potential.
I still can't control my power.
Should I let everything I can do hang on this one throw?
Even All Might said that it wouldn't happen overnight.
This is no good!
If that's my only choice, then I just have to go all out!
Zero potential.
It's just as Mr. Aizawa says.
At this rate, there's no way I'll become a hero.
Hey, hey, is he serious?!
I have to work a lot harder than other people!
That's why, with all my strength...
I'll do what I can right now!
Smash...!
It doesn't hurt... as much as before...
Do you intend to become incapacitated again and have someone save you?
Teacher...
I still...
This kid...
I came because I was worried, but what the heck, young man?!
You still couldn't control your power, but you also couldn't become incapacitated.
So, you propelled the ball at the last point of contact...
What the heck, young man?!
You're so cool!
Hero Basic Training, a class only available in the hero course at U.A.!
Deku, let's do our best together in battle training.
Uraraka...?!
I talked to a girl again...!
Looks like we're up against Team Iida and Bakugo.
I'm going to fight against Kacchan!
Next time, Rage, You Damn Nerd!
Deku's going to put bunny ears on his head!
It's so cute!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
Plus Ultra!
Episode 5: What I Can Do for Now
April
Teacher Directory
Name
Aizawa Shouta
Erasure Hero: Eraser Head
Test 1: 50-meter dash
Iid a Tenya
Asui Tsuyu 5.58 seconds
Urara ka Ochako
Ao yama Yuuga
Baku gou Katsuki
Test 2: Grip strength
Test 3: Standing long jump
Test 4: Repeated side steps
Test 5: Ball throw
Next time
Next time: Rage, You Damn Nerd
