Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
that blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
ROMANESQUE
Switching over to the main power generator!
Looks like it's working.
Engine room! What's the situation down there?
The power condenser's shot.
And I can't replace it because I don't have the parts.
What about the engine itself?
I could probably have it fixed in two or three days.
But without a power condenser, it's not gonna run!
Understood. Just keep working on engine repairs for now.
Switch the channel. I've got some orders for everyone.
Turn the volume to maximum.
Roger!
All right, you bums! Open up those ears of yours and listen!
Before we can get this ship running there's something we have to take care of.
Oigur's and my platoons are going to raid an Earth people's factory
and steal the parts for a reaction engine.
Attack teams will move out as soon as preparations are complete.
That's all!
I'll make them regret ever giving us culture.
I'm going to show those bastards just how we use the repair techniques
that they taught us!
Planes 2 and 3, visibility is worsening so I'm going to change our return flight path.
Once we're past the waypoint, move to course 1-2-0.
Roger.
Maybe asking her out for tea or something will improve her mood.
Where's Major Hayase?
She finished early and went home.
Finished early?
I'm standing in for her!
Oh... There's nothing to report in the eastern sector.
Patrol unit returning to base.
Roger.
Here's the invoice.
Let's see, two power condensers for a reaction engine
plus three J-17s and two dozen PF107 supplemental parts
to be loaded into Warehouse 3, huh?
Thanks very much!
Come again!
How are we doing on sales?
Not good. We've still only sold eight items.
But I heard that toys sold well at Christmas.
You! The boy over there! How about a model kit?
Maybe we're in a bad location.
You could be right.
Maybe we should move somewhere where there are more kids.
We just got fired from the cleaner's.
If we don't do our best to make some money...
Yeah...
With sales this bad, it's going to be tough just to make it through the year.
Tomorrow's Christmas Eve already.
Let's set up shop in a new place and work hard!
What's wrong?
Isn't that Minmay?
It sure looks like her.
Yeah...
Hey, Minmay!
Huh?
In last night's news, we reported that popular singer Lynn Minmay
had collapsed.
We have since learned that she did not collapse from illness.
Sources close to Miss Minmay state that she has, in fact, been missing since last night.
Miss Minmay stepped out after saying she was going out for a bit,
but she has not returned and her whereabouts are unknown.
Some entertainers speculate this may be related to the disappearance of Lynn Kaifun,
Miss Minmay's manager, several days ago but we have yet to receive confirmation of this.
Minmay...!
Why don't you come in?
Come on.
What in the world happened?
Minmay...
Give my regards to Ichijo.
Sure.
Have you warmed up a little?
Yes...
I've just had it with everything.
All that attention started going to my head.
Before I knew it, it was like I'd lost all these parts of myself.
I don't even know what I should do now.
The same thing happens to everyone.
We all go through life, losing things along the way.
But you still have your songs, so you can be happy.
It's not enough just to like them.
I don't want to sing anymore.
Minmay...
I won't sing again.
Why not?
Because I can't.
Something happened between you and Kaifun, didn't it?
Don't mention that name.
I'll never see him again.
But...
We knew each other too well. We'd get mad just looking at each other.
In show business, even among my old friends,
no one will listen to me or take my feelings seriously.
The only person who thought about me...
Minmay...?
The only one who cared was you.
Would you mind if I stayed here?
Huh?
I know I'd be a bother if I stayed forever,
but just for tonight.
I don't have anywhere to go!
Please, Hikaru.
Please!
I don't mind, but...
Are you sure you're all right with this?
What's the matter, lady? You feelin' bad?
Drunk, huh?
Oh, I still haven't drunk his share yet.
What will it be?
Bourbon, straight up, please.
Ma'am.
You say I'm...
falling for him
But I love you more
Always together on Sunset Beach...
Misa!
Hikaru's place...
Thank you, Hikaru.
Major, I could pull over if you're not feeling well.
That's all right. Keep driving.
No way! Major Hayase's hung over?!
Ssshh! Keep it down!
Is that really really true?
Why not find out at the party today?
I could never do something that insensitive!
Sure, keep up the Miss Sensible routine.
Pfft!
Oh no! NO!
A party?
Yes, ma'am. The members of the bridge crew are throwing it.
We were hoping you could come.
Well, and why not bring Captain Ichijo?
I don't think he'd come.
Huh? But isn't he off today?
He's in bed with a bad cold.
Emergency transmission from Onogi City!
Kamujin and his men are raiding the industrial sector!
Max and Milia Team, scramble!
Eastern patrol units, head to Onogi City and provide support at once!
Oigur! Haven't you found it yet?!
All these buildings look the same! I can't tell!
Damn it...
I'm not happy with how this is turning out! Damn!
Citizens of Onogi City!
A Zentradi gang is attacking the industrial area!
Please follow the directions of the military and evacuate immediately!
They're looking for something.
This is nothing more than conjecture,
but given that our city is home to the UN Government Headquarters
Kamujin's true target is most probably here.
For a man like him, attacking from the rear is unthinkable.
He's after a reaction engine!
Most likely.
Hayase!
Yes, sir.
Eastern sector Valkyrie patrol squadron, Max and Milia Team.
We believe that Kamujin intends to steal a reaction engine!
Protect the industrial complex that holds the reaction engine factory!
Damn that Oigur! He's taking too long!
Now this is more my style.
Here they come!
Go!
Commander Lap'Lamiz!
Milia?!
We now present some breaking news.
At roughly 7:20 this morning a group of battle pods began to attack Onogi City.
The pods are attacking the industrial sector along the city's coastline.
Patrol units are converging on the city to quell the attack,
Onogi City? But that's in my sector!
But the insurgent troops are more powerful than expected
and no one is certain when the situation will be resolved.
Why wasn't I ordered to scramble?
It's always like this.
Hikaru...
We hit the jackpot.
Sir!
That's it, huh?
And now, the news.
The fighting that broke out in Onogi City at 8:00 this morning
has grown even more intense and there appear to be heavy casualties on both sides
as well as among the local populace.
All right!
Oigur, get ready to move out!
Got it!
The enemy is withdrawing! They're heading southwest!
Surround them! If it looks like they'll reach the residential area,
I authorize the use of missiles!
Milia, we've got to go give the town some cover!
That's...
This is Old Man Santa. The mission was a success.
We'll retrieve Lap'Lamiz and return to base.
It's time for their Christmas present.
I repeat, it's time for their Christmas present!
Max! Milia! Abort pursuit!
We have to help the people in the city!
Roger!
It has already been six hours since the fighting in Onogi City
ended with the withdrawal of the battle pods.
The fires we once thought would reduce the city to ashes
are finally under control, and the situation has become calm.
However, there have been many injuries and fatalities among the military and civilians alike, and...
Sleep in heavenly peace
Sleep in heavenly peace
Silent night, holy night
Shepherds quake at the sight
Heavenly hosts sing Hallelujah
I heard from Vanessa.
She told me why I wasn't called for the scramble.
Glories stream from Heaven afar
Why did you lie and say I was sick?
Hikaru, you should always make sure your door is shut.
Christ the Savior is born
It's not safe.
Christ the Savior is born
Silent night, holy night
Son of God, love's pure light
Radiant beams from Thy holy face
With the dawn of redeeming grace
I'm back.
Oh, no...
Jesus, Lord at Thy birth
I'm going to go freshen up.
Jesus, Lord at Thy birth
Thank goodness... You're alive.
Please, Hikaru, quit the military.
I can't bear waiting for you like this, worrying...
Merry Christmas, Hikaru.
Merry Christmas, Minmay.
Next Episode
Preview
Kamujin, having now obtained a functioning warship attempts to settle things
once and for all by plunging headfirst into the grounded Macross.
Farewell to Tenderness
Farewell to Tenderness
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
