Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
RAINY NIGHT
I didn't have to say that.
Why did I go and say that?
And here I thought you were a squadron commander.
All right, fine! You want me to go, I'll go!
And hurry.
Understood.
I'm sorry. It's been so long since we've seen each other.
I really am an awful woman.
So here you are!
Now now, why the harsh look on your face?
I get it. Something happened between you two, right?
Not really.
Forget it. You can lie, but it's written all over your face.
Things aren't going too well with the boy, huh?
Did you want something?
I got my hands on something nice that I thought I'd give to you.
What do you think? It's top-grade black tea.
Are you sure? This is so rare!
Not to worry.
I've secured plenty for myself.
Looks like I picked a good time to give it to you, too.
If you and the boy are fighting,
you two can drink that together and make up tonight.
We're not fighting!
It's always best to be honest.
Good work, everyone. Go ahead and take a break.
Put her in the hangar for me, okay?
Oh, Captain!
Major Hayase wanted me to tell you to contact her.
Contact her?
Yes, sir.
She just wants me to hand in my patrol report, I bet.
Like I need her to tell me that!
Jeez, I can't stand people who get too wrapped up in their work!
How did it go?
All quiet again today.
My report, ma'am.
Hikaru...
What's with that stunt you pulled?
If you said that out of jealousy, it was pretty low.
Jealousy?
I said if, didn't I?
But I guess that would never happen with you. It was just out of enthusiasm for your work.
The only thing that's important to you is your job.
You're mad, aren't you? I thought so.
I finally got to see her again!
You could have at least given me some time to talk to Minmay.
You're not very feminine, are you?
It must be stifling having to work under someone like her every day.
No, that's not...
You want to go out for some tea sometime?
M-me?!
I mean, this is inappropriate. I'm on duty.
Come on, it's all right to play hooky every once in a while.
You're horrible.
Are you sure you should be saying things like that to me?
Why?
Why?!
Major Hayase is in love with you, isn't she, Captain Ichijo?
Misa? In love with me?
No way! The only thing she lives for is her work.
And here I was trying to apologize to him!
Captain Ichijo sure is dense, isn't he?
I guess he just doesn't understand a woman's heart.
Judging from what just went on,
I'd say the Major still hasn't come clean with him about how she feels.
It sure is frustrating, watching from the sidelines. You have to proclaim your love!
Keeping it all locked up inside is so old-fashioned!
The Major's just not very open!
If she's jealous, she should come right out and say so!
Maybe her heart's just not wired the same as ours.
Could be.
If it were me, I'd tell him I love you! In front of everybody!
You just have an severe case of exhibitionism!
What's your problem?!
Ah, I'm sorry!
It's bad when men are dense, but it's really bad when they're too sensitive.
You're always eavesdropping on girl talk, aren't you?!
I'll rip your pants off!
No way! He thinks I'm serious!
I say there's something wrong with him!
I can't take this anymore!
It's always best to be honest.
I know, even I know that.
The only thing that's important to you is your job.
You're not very feminine, are you?
Here.
You'll catch cold.
Please leave me alone.
Something did happen, didn't it?
If you don't feel like having that tea with the boy,
why not drink it over at my place?
This rain won't be letting up for a while.
If you have something stronger, I'd rather have that.
I do drink sometimes, you know.
Is wine okay?
It's your call.
I'll join you.
Am I really so terrible?
What did the boy say to you?
The truth is, I was going to use that tea you gave me to try to apologize to him today.
But you couldn't.
You can tell?
I guess I really am not very feminine.
People are people. And having different kinds of people is a good thing, right?
I really am trying to open up!
But every time I'm in front of Hikaru, I just...
Here, have some more.
I'm not drunk yet.
Nobody's saying you are.
No matter how things are between you now,
just be thankful that the man you love is still alive.
After he died, this is what got me through the nights.
It's not like that now though.
Mind if I ask you something?
Were things always good between you and Major Focker?
After we ran into each other again on the Macross, yes.
But before then, it was all fits and starts.
Say, would you like me to tell you about him?
This I've got to hear!
Maybe I did go a little too far...
I met him back during the Unification Wars.
When I enlisted, I was stationed at a base in the middle of nowhere.
And I was so naive back then...
Anyway, that's where he was.
Hey, baby!
Look over here! Over here!
Hey, cutie!
Lieutenant! New recruits!
I'm Lt. Roy Focker! At your service, ladies!
Hi there!
It wasn't until a week later that I spoke to him.
There they are!
These guys coming in from the front are the only ones you picked up?
Roger. It's just the five planes coming in from the southwest.
Your name's Claudia, isn't it?
You're pretty cute!
Lt. Focker?
How about a date sometime?
Even out here in the boonies they've got some pretty good restaurants.
When's good for you?
Lieutenant! Please refrain from personal conversations!
Do you really think this is the right time?!
It's improper!
Oh yeah, I like that!
That's exactly the prim way new recruits should be!
To be honest, my first impression of him wasn't a good one.
Or rather, I didn't really understand how his mind worked.
Still, half out of curiosity, I agreed to a date.
And then...
Huh?
Hey! Sorry I'm late.
I totally forgot I had a date with my friends here.
You don't mind if they come along, do you?
Hey, squeeze together a little! Someone else is getting in.
Come on, hop in! What's the matter?
That's all right. Excuse me.
Hey, wait!
Hey!
Forget about her!
Hurry up, let's go for a drive!
So I went home in shock, wondering if he was bold or just incredibly thoughtless.
I'm on duty. This is inappropriate.
I'm going to come here every day until you go on a date with me.
You can't be serious!
Enemy fighters closing in!
Oh, no!
'Til tomorrow, then.
Claudia, patch me through to the main base.
Claudia!
Right!
I had no idea. I can't believe the Major had a side like that to him.
At any rate, he was operating way outside the bounds of what made sense to me.
And yet, I missed him when he wasn't around.
It's like my heart was being twisted in knots.
Was he sent to the front lines?
No, the Unification Wars ended and he was transferred to South Ataria Island.
To the Macross.
Right, but he never wrote me a single letter, not for a whole year,
and after he'd made a spectacle of himself coming to see me every day.
But you came to the Macross too.
It must have been fate.
Being transferred to the same base as him...
Going to school for full-time crew training where I met you and we became roommates...
It's hard to understand the ties that bind people together, huh?
And their hearts too.
No matter how long I waited, he never came to say hello
It's been a long time.
Oh, hi! It's you. How are you? I heard you'd come here.
Well, I'd like to give you these back.
What are these? Oh... you kept this stuff?
Ah, that is, if you insist.
Feast your eyes on this baby!
It's still under development, but it's a new kind of fighter that will even be able to transform,
the VF-X-1.
Its speed and engine performance blow away anything that's ever been flown.
We're finally taking her up for a test flight tomorrow.
Huh? Hey!
Hey!
Right after that, I fell into a bad bout of self-loathing.
I asked myself why I didn't just tell him how I felt.
I couldn't open up.
I said it's hard to understand people's hearts but back then, I really didn't have a clue.
It was about two hours or so before the prototype's test flight.
I hadn't seen him around so I got worried,
thinking that he must be holed up by himself somewhere.
That's when...
No way!
No!
Well, how's that? Pretty good, huh?
You understand, don't you?
The way I felt when I saw him fooling around with those girls?
Yes...
But the whole time, I'd been jealous because I was only seeing one side of him.
It was the night after the test flight.
That's right, it was raining, just like now.
Hello?
It's me, Focker.
Captain!
I want to see you, right away.
Do you have any idea what time it is?
The middle of the night, probably.
You're drunk, aren't you?
I want to see you. It will only take a minute.
This really isn't...
I'm not trying to barge into your room or anything.
Where are you?
A phone booth across from your quarters.
You're here?!
I've had a lot to drink, but I'm still sober.
Hold on.
Hey. I'm sorry to call you out in the middle of the night like this.
Captain!
Oh, I didn't bring a handkerchief with me.
No, that's okay.
Did something happen?
No...
No, let me explain.
This probably won't matter to you at all, but I want you to hear this.
Before the prototype test flight today,
I was making an ass of myself with some of the women in the squad.
My superiors gave me a good chewing out for it...
But the thing is, even I get scared.
That's how it is with pilots.
People may think that we get into our planes without a care,
but sometimes we think to ourselves,'Am I going to die tomorrow?'
And there are times we can't go through with it unless we say some pretty stupid things.
You mind if I keep going?
Back when we were at the old base together,
it was those feelings that made me go to your place with bouquets.
Don't be mad.
As you know, I've got lots of women friends.
But you were the only one I thought of when I wanted to tell someone about this.
Today was a low-level flight,
but tomorrow, we'll push it to full speed at an altitude of 1,000 meters.
Captain...
That's all. Thanks.
I never knew.
Major Hayase is in love with you, isn't she, Captain Ichijo?
Misa's in love with me...!
That's strange. Maybe she's on the Macross.
She went home? Two hours ago?
Thanks.
I wonder where she went?
Well? Hard to believe, huh?
I guess I only knew one side of Major Focker.
I fell in love with him for real after that.
Anyway, whatever happens, don't let it get to you.
Focker used to tell me about the boy all the time.
He said he's pretty bad at expressing himself.
I guess we both fell for pilots, huh?
Hello?
Ichijo!
Yes, she's right here.
Sure, that would be great.
He says he's on his way.
To do what?
I'd like to have a drink with this guy tonight.
Sorry, but would you mind heading home?
I'm in the way?
Very much so.
But...
Good evening! It's Ichijo!
Go on, beat it! Beat it!
You forgot something.
It's time for you to use this.
It's always best to be honest.
Don't make such a weird face.
I'm not.
I just wanted to apologize.
I went a little overboard this afternoon.
Do I smell of alcohol?
You've been drinking?
Yes, a little wine.
Oh...
Say, I managed to get my hands on some pretty rare tea.
Would you like to have some with me?
I'll take you up on that. Okay, let's go to my place.
Oh, no! I'm out of sugar.
That's all right. All we need is hot water.
Now that's something I got plenty of!
Next Episode
Preview
For the first time in two years, Hikaru and Minmay get to spend time alone together.
However, this happens only because Hikaru breaks a picnic date with Misa.
Unaware of this, Misa continues to wait for Hikaru alone.
PRIVATE TIME
PRIVATE TIME
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
