Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Having been made the target of the Zentradi forces and been effectively banished from the Earth,
the Macross continues to wander our solar system aimlessly.
Meanwhile, Max, who met Milia thanks to a video game got her to agree to see him again.
He is off to meet her with a heart filled with hope.
VIRGIN ROAD
She sure is late. I wonder if she'll show?
Why'd I ask her to meet me in a park at night? Maybe she got spooked.
I guess I should have suggested somewhere more conventional, like a coffee shop.
Maximilian Jenius!
Milia! I just got here myself...
What the...?!
I am a Zentradi soldier, Queadluun-Rau Flight Commander Milia Fallyna!
Zentradi soldier?!
Take the knife! This is a duel!
A duel? With me? Why?
Take the knife! This is revenge!
If it's revenge, I guess I don't have much choice.
Wait, revenge? For who? Your father?
Your brother? Your lover?
Don't play dumb!
Have you forgotten? This is for me!
What are you talking about?
Among the Zentradi, I have enjoyed the reputation of being the deadliest of pilots,
and I cannot forgive this humiliation!
Not once but twice,
you have forced me to know
the shame of defeat.
I despise you!
I've lost for a third time.
So adorable...
Hey, have the top brass said anything yet?
No, nothing.
I wonder if we can really get formal asylum?
If we're can't, then we'll... we'll end up as refugees in outer space!
Oh, no! Don't cry!
That's right. Cheer up, okay? Okay?!
Excuse me, Lieutenant.
I request your advice.
Jeez, Max, why so formal?
The truth is, it concerns marriage.
Marriage?!
You just barely had your first date with her, right?
Jumping straight into marriage is pretty...
No! We're both certain that we want to get married!
Only, it puts her in an awkward position.
Well, it is awfully fast. Is it her parents or something?
No, it's not that. It's, well...
Come on, say it!
Well...
She used to be a Zentradi pilot.
She's an enemy soldier?! Her!?
Forget it! No way! You two can't get married!
Why not?
Your language, your customs and your ways of thinking are all different!
Our love is strong enough to conquer all that!
Love is for idiots! It's useless!
You think you can count on that for anything?!
When two hearts come together as one, even the impossible becomes possible!
In theory, maybe!
But in real life, love soon gets shattered to pieces, like glass!
Are you speaking from experience, Lieutenant?
Don't be stupid!
In any case, I'd like you to meet her.
Where?
Here.
Huh? You brought her with you?
Yes.
She sure is ladylike!
Pleased to meet you.
Well, this could be big.
Max, you should formally present this to Captain Global.
Yeah... You're marrying an alien.
This is great!
The ace pilot of the Lap'Lamiz Fleet is getting married!
Married? What is married?
From what I gather, it entails men and women living together.
What? You're saying that men and women pair off and live together?
Yes, sir.
Men and women living together... If that's their custom, fine.
But why are they accepting Milia, who is both an alien and an enemy?
They should kill her, yet they are celebrating this married. Why?
They call it love.
Love?
Yes, sir. It is an emotion that is indispensable to their society.
Love, eh? The concept is unimaginable to us.
One could posit that the soldiers who deserted fell under love's spell
and went to seek asylum with the enemy.
It's not that I don't understand how they felt.
Love, hmm?
Hand in hand, this has been the newlyweds' first task as a couple.
And now, let's have a few words from the sponsor of this wedding,
Commodore Global, captain of the Macross.
Commodore Global!
Max, Milia, congratulations.
The marriage of these two is a pairing of great significance.
As you know, Milia was a pilot for the Zentradi forces;
someone whom, for we of the Macross, merely hating would not be enough!
Even now, we continue to come under attack by the Zentradi,
and are unable to return to the Earth, our home.
It would be only natural for the people aboard this ship to utterly despise the Zentradi!
Sir!
Captain!
However! I repeat, however!
It does us no good to hate each and every one of their soldiers.
After all, from the moment they were born, they have known nothing but war.
But now, they say that they wish to stop fighting!
Wanting to live in peace, they have defected from the Zentradi forces
and come to the Macross seeking asylum.
At first, we were uncertain. Should we even let them on board?
We worked to find a common ground between us.
And as a result, we have learned that they are human, with the same blood as us.
We have also learned that they simply want to live with us here on the Macross as brothers.
We of the Macross, as part of UN Forces, hereby announce
the formal acceptance of the Zentradi soldiers seeking asylum!
All right!
That's our Captain for ya! Whatta fine man!
You gotta be kiddin' me!
Yeah, that's right!
This may be difficult for those of us who have lost loved ones in the conflict,
but our duty now is to cast those feelings aside and come together as...
What can Global be thinking?
You should be able to understand that, Father.
The only thing that can save the Earth now is compassion, like the Captain has shown.
Father, please call off the Grand Cannon operation at once.
I can't possibly do that now!
In the past, we humans fought long and bloody wars amongst ourselves.
Language, the color of our skin, ideology, religion...
We overcame these and other obstacles
and have finally brought the beginnings of peace to our world.
We were able to do this. Why can't we help the Zentradi do the same?
Peace in space. Is this not our mission?
By giving this marriage our full support,
we will be taking the historic first step toward that goal!
We did it! Captain Hayase, our dream is finally coming true!
The miclones have lived in hiding and on the fringes,
yet they have inflicted serious damage upon us, and created a situation even more grave.
Any further disorder within the Zentradi forces would be extremely dangerous.
Thus, we must eliminate the miclone homeworld as well as the root of this unrest: the Macross!
Attack them with all the ships in the main fleet!
Sir!
Max and Milia, a very special someone has rushed here in order to celebrate your marriage...
Miss Lynn Minmay!
It's Minmay!
Minmay!
Minmay!
Max, Milia, congratulations on your marriage.
And to all our friends who have come here from the Zentradi,
let's work hard to build a wonderful future together.
And now, I'd like to sing about the happiness that comes from the union of our two worlds.
As you prepare to set out on your journey,
Alone, you silently rouge your lips.
From behind your white veil,
You await that one, shining moment.
As fondness becomes love
And love becomes tenderness,
Ichijo!
Engraved in the heart of the one dearest to you
and the two will be forever in love.
So, with love, the differences between worlds don't matter?
Britai Kridanik.
I have orders from Lord Bodolzaa.
Yes, sir!
The fleet will commence an all-out assault on the Macross at once.
Annihilate the Macross and everyone aboard!
Lord Britai?
So it's finally come to this.
We have no choice.
From behind your white veil
We must launch an all-out attack.
Yes, sir.
A battle?
I can't attack the Macross...!
Idiot! It's an order! We can't disobey!
He's right. Let's get ready for combat.
What's that? An attack?
All hands to battle stations!
Oh, no!
What's going on?
Everyone get to your stations immediately!
Max, you don't have to fight. Just stay with your bride.
No, I'll fight! All right, Milia?
I will go with you.
You said that a wife stands by her husband and helps him, so that's what I'll do.
But...
Among the Zentradi, I, too, am known as an ace pilot.
I know I can help!
All right, come on!
I don't mind if we die a glorious death in battle on our wedding day!
Right!
This is terrible...
Couldn't they have picked some other day to attack?!
Now!
Wait!
Now!
Milia!
Killing them isn't right.
If you hit them there, you'll just disable them.
Milia...
I'm sorry. I don't want to kill them.
But WE could be killed!
If I die by your side, then I don't mind.
Max!
Crack the shell, but let what's inside live.
Milia, just watch me work!
All right!
Max! What are you doing?!
Lt. Ichijo, please overlook the way I'm fighting.
Overlook it?! Max...
It worked! This is it...
Blocks D-3 and D-7 have taken damage!
Eighth battle pod unit!
Why haven't you scrambled?!
Why are looking at me like that?
We want a cease-fire with the enemy ship.
Please give the order to halt the attack.
Damn!
What? Negotiations for a cease-fire?
Lord Britai, soldiers are mutinying throughout the fleet.
Some soldiers have raised arms against their commanding officers when ordered to attack.
What shall we do?
Lord Britai?
Very well, cease fire.
But that goes against the Supreme Commander's orders.
I don't care. Pull everyone back!
Tell the men that our fleet will enter into cease-fire negotiations with the miclones.
Yes... Yes, sir!
This could be thanks to that wedding broadcast.
Max! This is terrible!
Come quick! Max!
Milia! Come over here!
Come on, have some consideration, would you?!
Who told you to put oil in there?!
You said to take the water in this kettle and heat it.
This is a bottle, and it's got oil in it!
So this is called a bottle?
Right, that's the kettle.
Ah, I see.
Oh, boy. It's gonna take some work before I can get a cup of coffee!
Captain Hayase...
Next Episode
Preview
Exsedol has come aboard the Macross as the first official envoy
since the war with the Zentradi began.
Cease-fire negotiations are underway.
However, this is merely the prelude to a terrifying destiny.
MESSENGER
MESSENGER
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
