Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
The Zentradi factory satellite captured as a result of the space expedition
has been placed in orbit near the Earth.
SATAN'S DOLLS
To protect themselves from external threats such as the Zentradi
and their enemies, the Supervision Army,
the New Earth UN Government has begun mass weapons production.
However, much of the factory's machinery was destroyed
by repeated Supervision Army attacks
and even components that remained operational soon began to break down.
Not again.
This started happening almost as soon as it got here. What's wrong?
There is some unfortunate news I must deliver.
And I suppose I have to hear it.
Yes, sir.
The future's not looking too bright!
Hey, have you heard?
Heard what?
About Minmay.
Minmay?
Yeah! They say things aren't going well between her and Kaifun.
No way.
No, it's true.
I heard it from those cleaners, Loli and his friends.
Huh? Loli and them said that?
Yeah, he said they saw them arguing.
Couldn't it have been just one time they happened to be fighting?
It doesn't look that way.
Apparently, they were saying some pretty nasty things to each other.
Really? What do you think the problem is?
I knew it!
When an entertainer hits hard times, they start trouble like this.
Hard times?
I don't want that to happen to her.
No, that's not it at all!
It looks like Minmay's found herself another man.
Another man?
No way! That's not right!
Let's avoid idle talk while we're on the job!
That's right!
Those three are hopeless.
Reporting, ma'am! There's been a disturbance in Trad City.
Another one?
All right.
Tell them to send a patrol unit there right away.
Yes, ma'am!
Oh, and Machizaki? Tell Captain Vanessa to return to Command Section 1.
I'm sorry, ma'am, but could you possibly tell her that yourself?
I suppose. Why?
Huh?
They always start picking on me! Please, ma'am!
I swear. Men these days are all wimps!
Trad City! Move it!
Huh? But Trad City is over half Zentradi.
Can we handle this with just three units?
Other units should be coming too, so stop complaining!
Everybody's gotta argue...
They stole the micloning device!
Scramble the Valkyries!
There they are. Stop them with some warning shots!
Yes, sir!
Okay, let's do it!
There's no point in trying to fight back.
You're free to live your lives however you want,
but you can't go running off with that micloning device!
What? You haven't secured it yet?
No, with patrols this tight, things haven't really gone...
You dumb bastard! Just crush their patrols with your fingers!
But Boss...
Silence, Oigur! You've grown weak-willed these past two years!
I have not!
Then you should be able to smash your way in and steal a micloning device or two, shouldn't you?
Quit tryin' to make it sound so easy! With our current firepower...
How dare you use that tone to address a superior officer?!
Enough! This isn't the time for you two to be standing around arguing!
Oigur! I already said I'd turn everyone back to normal
so if I don't get that micloning device, I'll look like a fool!
Do whatever it takes. Just go and steal one!
Yes, sir!
Go!
Yes, sir!
Can that man really be counted on?
Compared to how he used to be, he's a complete wimp, all right.
The only one that's as powerful as ever is you.
Stop that.
All right...
It was a mistake to have them handle it.
I'm going to go steal that micloning device myself!
So easy to manipulate...
Minmay!
Hikaru.
Where do you think you're taking this?
Who are you?
The mayor of this city.
Oh, I see.
The military is taking custody of this device.
That's going to make things difficult for us.
As you know, most of our population is Zentradi.
It would be extremely inconvenient not to have the device on hand.
I thought that the military understood that.
We do, but circumstances have changed.
I'm sure you understand what a dangerous time this is.
There are some Zentradi who can't get used to life on Earth,
who are dissatisfied and have started turning violent.
So what?!
Yeah! So what?
What do you think would happen if those dissatisfied elements joined forces and made themselves giants to become more powerful?
We have to protect the micloning device from rioters!
The military will take custody of it!
Captain Ichijo, you're twisting the truth!
Kaifun...
The Zentradi have the right to become giants or miclones whenever they choose.
Of course.
Then isn't it a bit cruel to remove a micloning device
from a city where a great deal of Zentradi live?
Yeah! He's right!
The military ain't gonna get its way this time!
That's right!
What's the deal?!
Everyone!
The military taking custody of this is an unjust use of political power!
This city is within its rights to keep this device!
Yeah!
That youngster's right!
The hell you tryin' to pull?!
Everyone, wait!
This city has almost no firepower.
What will you do if the rioters come here to steal it?
If that happens, the residents will protect it themselves.
Yeah! That's right!
It's better if we protect it!
Don't let the military do whatever the hell they want!
That device is everything to us!
Please listen!
If you let the New UN Government take custody of this device,
you can still use it freely, any time you like!
Please, just let us take it in case something should happen.
Shut up!
Quit tryin' to throw your authority around!
Go home! Go home!
Go home!
Go home!
Go home!
Go home!
Go home! Go home!
Go home! Go home! Go home!
Hikaru...
I'm sorry.
I...
I can't do anything for you.
Captain Ichijo, I think you should leave.
Listen up, men! There's a micloning device in Trad City!
And we're gonna pounce on them and steal it!
Yes, sir!
Let's go!
I wonder if this will be all right?
Oh, nothing.
Is something worrying you?
Well, I just wondered...
What if we are attacked by some powerful rioters, like that solider said?
There are a lot of Zentradi in this city. Everything will be fine.
I suppose you're right.
It's the citizens' right.
You can't let the military have their way.
Leader, is it really okay for us to do this?
We don't have the authority to do anything more.
Shoot! They were about to agree before that jerk Kaifun butted in.
That's enough.
Men! We're only after the micloning device.
Once we get it, we get the hell out, no delays!
The Great Hall can accommodate 3,000 people, including Zentradi.
Are you expecting a full house?
I am.
Ms. Minmay, I'll see to it that it's standing room only!
Thank you.
The entire city will be behind you.
Now, let me show you the stage.
Open the curtain!
What's the matter? Look a little more cheerful, okay?
You're disappointing the mayor!
I have a bad feeling.
What?
The rioters know that the micloning device is in this city.
I know they'll attack here.
What, you're still thinking about that?
Because I'm worried!
Don't work yourself up over nothing.
It's got nothing to do with us.
Yeah...
What do you think?
It's a wonderful stage. The best!
What was that sound?!
Feels like we're getting some pretty bad news, huh?
It's certainly not something to chat about over a glass of wine.
I have discovered the link between us giants and the Protoculture.
We giants are a race created for battle.
You're saying that the Protoculture made us?
We...
Exsedol, allow me to tell the rest.
It began over 500,000 years ago.
At that time, a race known as the Protoculture had created one of the most brilliant civilizations in the universe.
But at some point, they split into two main factions.
The Protoculture used genetic engineering to synthesize a race of giants for use in battle.
These were the giants of the Zentradi Forces and the Supervision Army.
From the very beginning, they were denied any sort of culture.
Their bodies were large and they were powerful.
If they also had culture, there was a risk that the Protoculture would be overthrown.
Thus, these cultureless giants spent long ages knowing only battle.
Until finally, the frail Protoculture was destroyed by the very giants
they themselves had created.
Destroy the communications center!
Don't let them contact the military!
It's been a while since I've been in battle. It sure gets the blood pumping!
The micloning machine!
And so, we spent the next 500,000 years doing nothing but fighting.
So you're saying that the Earth people aren't the Protoculture?
We're not exactly the same, no.
Then why do we have nearly the same genes and blood?
Genetic engineering can do that.
Which means that the Protoculture's genetic engineering somehow affected your Earth-born ancestors as well, yes?
You're not saying that we were created too, are you?
I don't know. I don't think we were.
I'd like to believe not.
We are the creations of the Protoculture.
We are the puppets of the devil.
The puppets of the devil, huh?
Only knowing fighting... I feel sorry for them.
Just like the two of us.
Huh?
All we ever do is fight.
Come on, that's not true.
I'm a terrible woman, aren't I?
Trad City's been attacked.
They say the micloning device was stolen!
What?!
Apparently, it happened about ten minutes ago.
Their comm system was down for a while so we just now got word.
Damn it!
If we send a security detail, hopefully they'll get there in time.
I suppose that no matter what we do, we will forever be a race that revels in war.
No, some of you have already found another way to live.
It all depends.
Yes, that's right.
After all, haven't you rejected war yourself?
You may be right.
But it is still an empty reassurance.
No matter how advanced a culture becomes, war will always exist.
It is the same fate as the people of the Protoculture!
It's not just us.
You cannot be free of war either!
Stop being so pessimistic!
It's all my fault.
I should've just taken it by force, whether the citizens liked it not!
Damn it!
Why?
Why didn't I say that Hikaru was right?
Why couldn't I say it?
It started!
Minmay, get in!
Just you watch! I'll become so powerful that I'll beat all these humans to a pulp!
I quietly stole away from your empty room
To a train station, with no destination
Minmay!
Well, let's go.
That's right, I finally understood
Hikaru!
Your tenderness is the reverse of your weakness
Minmay!
Hikaru!
And I've changed too much
So this is farewell.
Created for battle, we are the puppets of the devil,
Satan's dolls.
Next Episode
Preview
Kamujin has successfully seized the micloning device, and escalates his attacks.
He takes Minmay and Kaifun hostage and demands that the New UN Forces give him a warship in return for their release.
A plan is made to rescue the hostages and Hikaru has a central role to play.
BROKEN HEART
BROKEN HEART
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
