Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Hikaru, Misa, Max, and Kakizaki were captured by the Zentradi
and taken to their distant main fleet.
However, their determination to return to the Macross
gave rise to a miracle beyond imagination.
BLUE WIND
We're so close now...
When do you think we'll be able to go home?
Why don't you ask the Zentradi fleet surrounding us?
Now then...
Let the brass worry about this.
Our enemy won't cut you any slack just because you're the alternate watch.
Yes, ma'am!
Meanwhile, three micloned Zentradi spies have infiltrated the Macross.
I know we don't have that much intel on them, but this is cruel!
There's no way we can walk around looking like this.
I just can't relax unless I'm in uniform.
Oh, stop complaining.
So where are we going?
I don't know.
C'mon, what are we gonna do?
Let's hit the disco!
We can't go dressed like this.
Let's change in the locker room over there.
Good idea!
How exciting!
Yeah, it's been a while!
Disco...?
No idea. That word wasn't in our immersion training.
I'll make a note of it.
Fever! Fever!
You see that?
It looks like you have to change uniforms depending on where you go.
What a pain!
Warera, take note of that!
But if they changed uniforms in there, then...
There are more uniforms!
Right!
Warera, aren't you ready yet?!
I'm having trouble getting this on!
Hurry up!
Well?
It's fine. All right, now our mission really begins!
So it looked like this?
No, I recall seeing ship silhouettes stretching even farther out.
I agree.
Not counting the smaller ships,
we estimate there to be between four and five million of them.
Im... Impossible!
I don't believe it!
Wait! Let's hear more of what they have to say.
Misa, Hikaru, and the others explain that Zentradi society is completely military,
with no concept of civilians.
Also, because Zentradi history is one of continuous warfare,
they theorize that the Zentradi used artificial means to turn themselves into a race of giants.
And that they can shrink themselves through a process called micloning.
They also describe the enemy's fear that humans have something called Protoculture,
and relate in detail everything they observed on the enemy ship.
This is just absurd.
Are you sure they weren't just brainwashed?
No, physical and mental evaluations both came back normal.
Just what is this Protoculture?
It seems to refer to the ancestors of the giants.
They think that Protoculture has the power to destroy their society.
Phew! That'll make it easy!
Gentlemen, that's enough!
If this is true, it would explain why despite their power they have yet to attack the Earth,
and it would explain the inconsistency in the attacks launched against the Macross.
Lt. Hayase, anything to add?
No, sir, that's all.
She sure remembered a lot, huh?
Her brain's on a whole different level from yours.
The question now is, how do we respond to this?
We have to get this information to Earth, no matter what.
We'll send a coded message at once!
No.
We're going to try to break through the enemy blockade.
It's too dangerous!
The Earth is two days away at maximum thrust.
We'll have to get back eventually, so why not now?
But...
We can do it.
If we're the Protoculture, that is.
You all are on shipboard leave.
There's no need for you to involve yourselves in the fight so soon.
All right! I'm gonna stuff myself on some fine food!
Well done.
Hayase...
Sir?
Personally, I believe you. However...
I understand, Captain Global.
All right, let's get this strategy meeting underway.
It looks like they didn't really believe us.
I can't blame them. I saw it with my own eyes and even I don't believe it.
If only we had that video pack...
Hey, we all got promoted, so they're at least giving us some credit.
Our Leader made 1st Lieutenant, and Max and I made 2nd Lieutenant.
I wish I could be as cheerful as you, Kakizaki.
So many amazing machines. And so many people!
This must be an important section of the ship.
We have nothing like this on our ship.
Something's strange though. It just doesn't...
What do you think you're doing?! PERVERT!
What was that all about?
Look over there!
Males and females are interacting!
Impossible! But it looks like we've already passed a lot of them already!
Their uniforms are so mixed-up that I didn't even realize!
Is this sort of thing allowed?
Look at how close they are to one other! It... It's hideous!
No, it may hold some significance for them.
Gangway!
Are you all right?
This is no time to be fainting!
What's that guy's problem?
Hey, we seem to be attracting attention.
Oh, no, are our uniforms not on properly?
They don't seem any different from how the others wear them.
Still, this uniform doesn't feel quite right.
It's so breezy around the legs.
Warera, it's you! You're wearing a female uniform!
We'd better get out of sight.
Huh?! Women go in that side!
Pervert!
This is what they call culture?
Isn't this where they held the Miss Macross contest?
Your memory works fine for things like that, doesn't it?
Oh, be quiet.
Here they are, the four heroes who miraculously made it back alive!
Captain Misa Hayase, the most heroic woman in space!
1st Lieutenant Hikaru Ichijo,
the young hero who flies through the heavens on heavenly wings!
Joining them are Hayao Kakizaki and Maximilian Jenius! Well done!
Well done, all of you!
And now, our very own Miss Macross and latest singing sensation,
Lynn Minmay, will present them all with bouquets.
Jeez, who is this reception for anyway?
Er... although I do like Minmay...
I don't really like these flashy sorts of events either.
Still, this doesn't happen very often, so where's the harm?
Congratulations on your return!
Thank you.
Congratulations on your return!
Looks like we both got famous, huh?
Yeah, you're right.
Hey, what the hell?!
It's a riot!
No, stay calm. I don't think so.
Oh, I think I'm gonna faint.
You call yourself a soldier?!
And now, in honor of our heroes, I'd like to sing my debut song, My Boyfriend is a Pilot.
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
Min...
May!
My boyfriend is a pilot
L-O-V-E! Happy Minmay!
Shining, making a rapid descent
Then BOOM! he makes a sudden climb
It's them! How did they escape?
The power of Protoculture?
Leaving a long trail of vapor
You know, my body's starting to feel hot.
Now that you mention it...
I don't know why, but...
He traces two big hearts
A love sign in the big, blue sky
You!
I love you, you love me?
But he's head over heels
For his plane instead of me
What's wrong?
Nothing, the lights are just a little bright.
Min...
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
May!
My boyfriend is a pilot
L-O-V-E! Happy Minmay!
Please!
I heard you're a captain now.
Congratulations, Captain Hayase!
Th...Thanks.
Well? How's it feel to be back home?
Well...
Why do you always have to be so serious?
You'll never enjoy life that way! Just be happy.
Ooh, wow! Is this where I work?
Is that how you want me to act?
Here you are.
Thank you.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Thanks.
Cheers!
This tastes great. Thank you.
Misa, don't you have special leave?
This is where I feel most comfortable.
It's her! She's back!
You're right!
Hey, Hikaru!
Sempai!
You haven't come to see me at all! How heartless!
Heartless?
Where do you all think you're going?
Didn't you hear the announcement, sir? We're to report to section B5.
Your orders were to remain on the ship on standby, weren't you?!
But Captain Hayase is...
Idiot! There's a difference between being inside and outside!
Now head back to the barracks and get some sleep!
But this is an emergency.
Shut the hell up! Or do you wanna go to the brig instead?!
Understood, sir! Going back, sir!
Good! Just so long as you understand! See ya.
The Macross has begun to accelerate. Range to target increasing.
What shall we do?
Lord Bodolzaa did not order its destruction.
So we'll follow it and observe.
We are at maximum thrust and maintaining speed.
Any reaction from the enemy fleet?
They've begun to match our speed and are maintaining their envelopment.
As I expected. They're following, but not taking direct action. It looks like your theory was correct.
I hope so, sir.
We are now passing into the Moon's orbit.
And the enemy fleet?
No change, sir.
Valkyrie and Ghost squadrons have assembled in section B5.
The Macross is here and we're here.
At full speed, their range is increasing.
This blockade of ours is useless!
They're going to escape.
If we sit by and do nothing, it will bring shame to the Kamujin Clan!
Right, Oigur?!
It seems that way, sir.
Destroy the damned thing! It's the only way I'll be satisfied!
All right, increase speed and prepare to fire!
Part of the enemy fleet has changed course and is advancing toward us.
Approximately ten ships.
Deploy all defense forces!
Yes, sir!
Valkyrie and Ghost squadrons, launch all units!
Valkyrie and Ghost squadrons, launch all units!
Begin Transformation and activate the Pinpoint Barrier!
We're breaking through!
Civilian evacuation of all blocks is complete!
Beginning Transformation in all blocks.
Everyone vanished after that transformation announcement.
Mm. Very well-organized.
Perhaps civilians are part of their military.
What...? Why is it moving?!
This may be culture, too!
The artificial gravity!
Macross Transformation in the starboard section is 75 complete.
Transformation in the port section is 80 complete.
Connecting energy-conduit system.
That group from the enemy fleet is headed straight at us!
Fire the main gun!
Yes, sir!
Don't fall back! Fire! Fire!
Secondary starboard thrusters have been hit!
E block engineering section has been hit!
Section 27 has been destroyed!
If my theory is wrong, then...
Misa, no second guessing yourself here.
Right...
What a mess. Damn that Kamujin!
What shall we do? Lord Bodolzaa has not ordered us to destroy them.
Move the fleet in front of Kamujin and force him back!
But that will break up our formation.
We have no choice.
Damn you, Kamujin!
The main fleet is moving to join the group already attacking us!
The Barrier won't hold up!
Oh, no!
Huh? What's going on?
What the hell are they doing?!
Kamujin! Lord Bodolzaa has not ordered the destruction of the Macross!
As the direct commander of this fleet,
I will carry out the Supreme Commander's orders until I am told otherwise.
Abort this unauthorized attack or you will be fighting the entire fleet.
Captain Kamujin, I don't think she's bluffing.
Damn it! Why does something always stop me from cutting loose?!
Damn that Lap'Lamiz, always flaunting her rank!
Don't assume I'll let this insult pass!
What happened? They shielded us from their own attack!
Worry about that later! We're re-entering the atmosphere!
Yes, sir!
Are the Valkyries keeping up with us?
Yes, sir, and losses are minimal.
Set course for UN Forces High Command in Alaska.
It's those damaged starboard thrusters.
We just lost the Number 7 gravity control system.
We can't maintain altitude!
All hands, prepare for impact!
Blue skies!
We're home!
That's right! We're home, aren't we?
We're home! I'm so happy!
The ship has touched down in the Pacific Ocean!
The ship has touched down in the Pacific Ocean!
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for all your cooperation.
The ocean!
It's so beautiful...
The ocean!
The ocean!
The smell of the sea!
Earth! It's Earth!
Leader, we've finally made it back to Earth, haven't we?
Yeah, this warm sunlight...
It really is like a dream.
Valkyrie squadrons! Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
The Macross had at last returned to Earth.
However, the Zentradi menace now threatens both it and the Earth.
Next Episode
Preview
The Macross has finally made it back to Earth.
the Earth UN Government and the Military High Command.
Will they accept the difficult-to-believe truth about the Zentradi threat?
GLOBAL REPORT
GLOBAL REPORT
I won't follow it anymore,
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end...
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
