Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Major Focker has died in battle.
The shock of this has pierced the hearts of Claudia and those around her,
including Hikaru Ichijo, whose injuries prevented him from participating in the battle.
BURST POINT
Captain Global!
Low-level flights over urban areas are prohibited except in emergencies!
Increase altitude and go out over the sea at once!
This is an emergency.
With 56,000 civilians on board we can't use the Macross to its full potential.
Request authorization to let the civilians disembark.
Not one of those passengers must set foot on the surface.
That was the decision of High Command!
Global, you aren't trying to oppose that decision, are you?
That is not what I'm saying!
It's just that our gravity control system still isn't perfected,
and if it were to malfunction...
What?!
Surely you know what would happen if the Macross crashed?!
I request authorization to let the refugees disembark.
We can't do that! Reconsider, Global!
Is it all right for us to be making threats like that?
The Macross is the symbol of the UN Government.
If the captain of the Macross were to rebel, the people would lose all confidence in them.
But UN High Command can't afford to make matters any worse.
Isn't that right, Captain?
That's right. But if they do decide to make an example of us,
I will take full responsibility.
Do you suppose that High Command will change their decision?
Probably not.
Then why have we...
Even if High Command refuses authorization to release the refugees,
some autonomous government may intercept our transmission and agree to take them in.
I certainly hope they can find somewhere to go.
You said it.
Well, until we do find somewhere for them to go, I'm heading out for a cup of coffee.
Oh, what kind of cake should I have with it?
Cake, she says...
She's really pushing herself.
Yeah...
If I lost somebody I loved, I'd lose my appetite right away.
On the cafe terrace, dyed crimson with the sunset,
The fragrance of Turkish coffee fills the air
Along with a listless tango rhythm.
I'm alone and lonely, but if I dance
A breeze will blow through my heart.
If you don't show up,
I wonder who I'll be dancing with tonight?
Silver Moon
Red Moon
You're so cold, Shanghai dandy
The smoke from the Gitanes gets in my eyes.
So you're all better now?
Yeah...
Anyway, if I kept staying in bed
The night makes the gypsy violin cry,
over a few bumps and scrapes like that, Sempai would...
The wine bottle and the two glasses,
I burn for you, and I feel wretched.
Anyway, how's the plan to get the civilians off the Macross coming?
If we can just find someplace to take them in, we could carry it out at any time.
I'm alone and lonely, but if I toast,
It's your girlfriend that sings this song, right?
A breeze will make the small flame dance.
Will she leave the ship?
No, Minmay said she's staying.
If you don't show up,
Along with her aunt, uncle and cousin, Kaifun.
I wonder who I'll be drinking with tonight?
Well, that's good to hear.
I guess.
Kaifun will be staying, too.
Silver Moon
Anyway, being on the surface doesn't mean they'll be any safer.
Red Moon
And we've developed an Omni-Directional Barrier that can cover the whole Macross, right?
You're so cold, Shanghai dandy
The smoke from the Gitanes gets in my eyes.
Yes, it's a lot more reassuring than the Pinpoint Barrier,
but it doesn't hold for as long.
So if the Zentradi attack us all-out, we'd all die, huh?
It's strange, isn't it?
We already know we're going to lose someday, yet we keep on fighting.
Good work today.
I sure feel worn out.
What's the matter, Minmay? You look a little pale.
I'm fine, Kaifun. I just need to rest for a little...
Minmay! Hang in there! Minmay!
Minmay!
Captain! I'm receiving an encrypted telegram
from the North American Ontario Autonomous Region.
The Ontario Autonomous Region? What does it say?
I'm decrypting it. We will take in the residents of the Macross.
Please proceed to this area. Captain!
It worked.
Claudia, set a course for the Ontario region at once.
Yes, sir! Changing course, 1208.
Destination: Ontario Autonomous Region. We are now underway.
What the hell?! Why would they say we can't attack the Macross?
I don't profess to know what our superiors are thinking,
but the order is absolute.
Until the spy operation is complete, we are to hold our positions.
You must be joking! The Macross has returned to its homeworld!
This is our chance.
I'm going to blow it and its homeworld to dust!
Kamujin! Kamujin, come in!
Milia...
It looks like we'll have problems unless you stop Kamujin again.
About that...
What?
Commander Lap'Lamiz, assign me to be a miclone spy.
Wha...? That's ridiculous!
Why would a pilot of your caliber want to become a miclone?
Milia!
I will become a miclone!
I've been in hundreds, even thousands, of battles against the Supervision Army
and have never been defeated.
Yet now I have lost to a mere miclone.
I want to meet the pilot of that fighter.
There he is!
Leader!
Leader!
Max, Kakizaki...
What are you doing here?
We asked Capt. Hayase and she said you'd be here.
That was Major Focker's Skull One, right, Leader?
Yeah, as of today, I'll be taking her up in Sempai's place.
He always bragged about how he'd never been shot down, now all that's left of him is this plane.
Meanwhile, I've been shot down who knows how many times,
yet here I am.
By the way, Leader, have you heard?
They say they'll be dropping off the civilians soon.
So it's been settled?
Yes, the Ontario Autonomous Region said that they'll take them in.
They'll make a public announcement in the morning.
No kidding?
So, Leader, how about we go out on the town while things are still lively?
What do you say, sir? You do need to relax once in a while.
I guess you're right. Tonight, everything's on me.
That's our Leader for ya!
Now that that's settled, let's head straight out to someplace fun!
Yeah! Someplace fun!
Sure...
We'll get in close to the Macross and hit it with ECM.
When we do, bring the fleet down.
But, sir! The big ships don't handle so well in an atmosphere!
Don't start. Rumor has it that the miclones hold dear to this planet of theirs.
If we get close enough to the surface, they're as good as ours.
Oh, I get it. We'll be disobeyin' orders again, huh?
Anyone who's afraid to disobey orders would never make it in the Kamujin Clan!
Multiple unidentified flying objects have entered the atmosphere and are heading our way.
What?
And we were just about to reach the Ontario region.
Damn it!
We can't let them get us now.
Hayase, order all pilots to launch.
Roger!
Who had the jumbo sirloin, medium?
There it is!
This looks great!
Kakizaki, are you really gonna eat all that?
If I can't, then I'll get the leftovers to go!
2nd Lt. Dream of Valkyrie squadron, the item you ordered has arrived!
Return to base immediately!
I repeat: 2nd Lt. Dream of Valkyrie squadron, the item you ordered has arrived!
That broadcast...
That's a full launch!
Kakizaki! Let's go!
Return to base immediately!
My steak...
Major Focker...
I hope you won't mind me taking up your Valkyrie.
I'll work hard enough for the both of us.
Sempai...
This is Skull Squadron Unit One! Launching!
Roger!
This is Skull Leader. Launch is complete.
Skull Leader?
Yes, Lt. Ichijo will be flying Major Focker's plane from now on.
That boy, huh?
Skull Leader to planes Two and Three.
Don't let your guard down in a fight.
Once you're dead, it's the end!
Roger that!
Understood.
All right, men! Set electronic countermeasures to maximum!
Put on a good show!
Gotcha!
Way to go, Leader! I'm sure the Major can rest in peace now.
He just told you not to let your guard down, remember?!
Sorry'bout that!
ECM level is 108. We can proceed at any time.
Good! All ships, descend to the surface!
Something's strange! Long-range radar signals are weakening!
ECM, huh? So reinforcements are coming.
Put the new barrier system on standby.
Have it ready inside of ten minutes!
But Captain, if we put up a barrier we won't be able to fire our weapons.
All Valkyrie units, be ready for a second enemy wave.
We've finally found a place that will take in our civilians.
Protecting the people takes top priority now.
Yes, sir!
Barrier system, stand by!
Flight Commander Milia, are you really going aboard the miclone ship?
Yes...
Commander Lap'Lamiz seemed quite depressed about that.
I don't doubt it.
Even if Kamujin and his men run wild, she won't try to stop them.
Is that wise?
I really don't know.
Kill-'Em-All to Magdomilla. How are things on your end?
Magdomilla here. We're near the surface, according to plan.
Good! All ships, advance on the enemy.
But don't fire until I get back.
All right.
Those are the large-scale battleships! Where did they come from?!
Battleships?!
Rapid barrier deployment!
Barrier system, rapid deployment.
Barrier system, rapid deployment!
Barrier energy is increasing!
The Omni-Directional Barrier has been activated.
I'm getting an unusual energy reading from around the enemy ship.
So what? Fire!
All rounds, direct hit!
Did we destroy them?
What?!
The barrier has been successfully deployed.
Amazing!
It deflected that huge attack!
It would be nice if it made the enemy give up, huh?
Energy absorption index: 95.
Deflection index: 3.3.
It looks like that sphere thing deflected our attack.
What should we do?
Isn't it obvious? Blast them!
Enemy ships have entered the yellow zone and are still closing!
So they aren't holding back at all this time, eh?
Can't we ask UN Forces High Command for assistance?
It's pointless.
If High Command had any intention of intercepting the attack they would have done so long ago.
Is it because you pressed the issue of the civilians, Captain?
No, that's not it.
It's probably because if they tried to take on those large battleships
and something went wrong, the Earth's surface would be badly damaged.
Barrier control to bridge. The barrier system is unstable!
What?!
Captain!
The enemy may be serious this time.
Try to hit those battleships while the barrier's still holding!
If they're really serious, we may not stand a chance.
1st Lt. Ichijo! Major Focker never whined like that in the middle of a fight!
Roger.
Max! Kakizaki! You heard the lady.
Hit the battleship at point AR-1181. Okay?
Either way, if the Macross is destroyed, it's the end.
He's right, Leader!
All right! Then try your hardest not to get killed.
Follow me!
It looks like the enemy ship has just about had it.
Victory is now assured.
Output is falling in barrier generators 4 and 7.
Switch to subsystems!
Yes, sir.
There's a problem with the field-stabilization circuits!
Converter 7 has exceeded limits!
Valkyrie Windsor Squadron has been wiped out!
Emergency personnel, begin repair operations!
The enemy fleet has entered the red zone.
They are continuing their attack!
We're getting abnormalities in the barrier system!
All personnel, evacuate immediately! Evacuate immediately!
It's going to explode!
Attention, all Valkyrie teams.
Withdraw immediately and get as far away as possible!
I repeat, withdraw immediately and get as far away as possible!
Withdraw?
The barrier is about to explode! Get away from here!
But what about the Macross?
Run!
Climb! Climb!
Kakizaki, don't fall behind! Kakizaki!
It's no good! Leader, I'm not gonna make it!
KAKIZAKI!!
All blocks, damage reports.
Rescue teams to barrier control room.
All the enemy ships appear to have been destroyed.
However, the surface has been devastated to a radius of at least 50 kilometers.
And only the Macross survived, because we were at the center.
Captain, the Ontario Autonomous Region is sending us an emergency message.
I guess...
There's no need to read what it says.
The energy sustaining the barrier blasted outward all at once and the surface was...
The Ontario Autonomous Region has refused to take in the civilians.
We lost Kakizaki.
I see...
But at least the Macross...
At least the people aboard the Macross survived.
What's Minmay's prognosis?
Will she recover?
Kaifun, as Minmay's cousin, as well as her co-star in the movie,
we'd like you to give us a comment.
The fighting thus far has already cost us many precious lives,
and now rumor has it that the surface has been severely damaged.
And does that have something to do with Minmay's hospitalization?
No, it does not.
Even during a media blackout, they're reporting celebrity news?
Kaifun...
I simply fail to understand how in this time of great misfortune
you could be chasing after an actress who merely collapsed from overwork.
Couldn't you be coming up with a way to get the military to put an end to the fighting?
He says they should stop fighting.
It is my wish that you take steps to put an end this battle.
But that would deny the very thing that gives life purpose! It's crazy!
War creates nothing.
But... I kind of understand how he feels.
War results in just one thing, and that is destruction.
We need to remove ourselves from this senseless conflict right now.
We're the ones risking our lives!
It is the only way to a lasting peace.
Sometimes there are things you just can't quit, no matter now much you want to.
Lt. Ichijo, you have a call on phone three.
Hello?
Oh, Hikaru? I finally tracked you down!
Minmay...
You know what? I collapsed! But I was just a little overworked.
They've got me recuperating here at Central Hospital.
I've been so busy lately.
This is the only kind of time when I can take things easy.
If you're free, could you come over?
Kaifun still hasn't come back.
I mean, it doesn't have to be a big deal. Just stop by for a bit!
Hey, why are you so quiet?
I went to see you when you were hurt, didn't I?
What's Hikaru's problem?
He's so strange.
Preview
Next Episode
Britai has returned.
The three Zentradi spies make their escape from the Macross.
Their destination is the great fleet led by Britai, which consists of over 1,000 ships.
In the middle of all this, the Macross is ordered back into space.
PARADISE LOST
PARADISE LOST
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
