Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Captain Global ordered the Macross to fly low as an intimidation tactic
to drop off the 56,000 civilians currently on board.
However, a Zentradi attack caused the Macross's barrier to explode,
destroying not only the enemy fleet but a city on the Earth's surface.
The Macross is now in a more painful position than ever.
PARADISE LOST
Meanwhile, in the Zentradi main fleet, new developments are in motion.
I can't believe it.
Show me those visuals again.
According to our reports, there is disorder among those dispatched to Earth.
And the miclones seem to have developed yet another new weapon.
Facing them would prove rather difficult.
In any case, you said I had new orders?
Return to the Earth. This will require someone with experience.
I'll have them refrain from further operations until your arrival.
Excellency?
What is it?
Could you place the Adoclas Fleet under my command?
You think that will be necessary?
In the short term, I would like to be prepared for any contingency.
Very well, you have my permission.
Sir!
Commander Britai of the Adoclas Fleet...
Was there something else?
Your speech has become impolite.
Your Excellency must be imagining it.
How did it go, sir?
I'm taking the Adoclas Fleet and returning to that star system.
Aah...
With a fleet of 1,200 ships.
Yes, I think I understand exactly what his Excellency Bodolzaa intends.
Still, 1,200 ships might not be enough.
I see...
All ships, prepare to fold to operation space!
All ships, prepare for fold!
Sync coordinate patterns with the flagship!
Move into fold position!
Commencing fold countdown!
Okay!
Okay!
There sure are a lot of trucks coming in.
Maybe we'll be heading out someplace again.
They say that everyone thinks we're dead.
What, so now we're ghosts without a country to call home?
What's so bad about that? We're already used to living here.
I guess we're Macrossians, huh?
Zero-g love, zero-g love!
Zero-g love, zero-g love!
Dear Kenichi and Yoshimi Kakizaki...
With him after school, on my way home
While in action above the Ontario Autonomous Region,
your son, 2nd Lieutenant Hayao Kakizaki, was...
At the corner of that same old intersection
He made sure no one else was...
Leader!
Let's get out of here for a bit.
What were you doing, Leader?
Quit calling me Leader!
I was writing a death notification letter to Kakizaki's parents.
I just received a special promotion to 2nd Lt. less than a month ago.
So why am I now being promoted to 1st Lt. and given my own team?
Well, they made me a squadron commander, didn't they?
Pretty much all those replacement pilots the military sent us
are even greener than we are.
But I don't have any experience commanding a team.
You'll do fine, Max.
It looks like they've finished loading the supplies.
That's a UN Forces officer's transport, isn't it?
What the heck is going on?
Looks like top brass, huh?
Is what they've been saying true?
What, that they might make us leave the Earth?
And after all we went through to get back here.
This might be the last sunset we see.
Hey, dinner's ready!
What is it today?
Beef stew.
All right!
On the cafe terrace, dyed crimson with the sunset,
Ah! A Lynn Minmay song!
Those are always nice to hear.
The fragrance of Turkish coffee fills the air
Done... Ow!
Along with a listless tango rhythm.
And today's coffee is Blue Mountain Blend!
Yes!
I'm alone and lonely, but if I dance
Tonight's dinner sure has a lot of meat!
I tell you, my cooking's gotten pretty good!
A breeze will blow through my heart.
It sure is nice to listen to Minmay while eating!
If you don't show up,
By the way...
I wonder who I'll be dancing with tonight?
Silver Moon
Red Moon
You're so cold, Shanghai dandy
By the way, do you think we can make it back in that beat-up Reguld?
We'll fly it by splitting up piloting duties in the cockpit.
The smoke from the Gitanes gets in my eyes
Everything's all ready.
Oh...
All that's left is to wait for the signal, huh?
That disco sure was fun.
Disco...
Minmay's not bad, but that Kim is really cute!
Give me Shammy any day! That No waaay! of hers!
The night makes the gypsy violin cry,
I'll probably never see Vanessa again.
The wine bottle and the two glasses,
I burn for...
Captain, if you'll excuse me.
Earth UN Forces High Command orders this vessel and the civilians under its protection
to depart Earth space within 24 hours of receipt of this document.
Should this order not be carried out, the use of force is...
Captain Global...
Captain Hayase, as expected, we've been ordered to leave the Earth.
I was prepared for the worst,
but for them to involve these 56,000 innocent civilians is just...
I agree.
Contact the television station.
Yes, sir.
Bridge here.
This is Global. Are all the supplies loaded?
Yes, the loading is complete.
Claudia, prepare for launch.
Prepare for launch!
Yes, sir!
Prepare for launch!
So the rumors were true after all.
Well, we did wipe out an entire city.
But that couldn't be helped!
The real problem is the civilians.
Not only does the world already think they're dead,
but now that all this has happened, no one would even take them in.
Hurry up with those final section checks.
Hey, Capt. Hayase's father is top brass at High Command, right?
Why can't...
Shammy!
If you mention this to Misa, you're on your own.
Now hurry up with those checks!
Yes, ma'am!
Signal, mark!
Engines activated!
Launch!
Here goes!
Radar room to the bridge.
Gravitational waves detected on the dark side of the Moon.
They could be fold echoes.
Captain! We've detected gravity waves in the direction of the Moon!
A fold?
Yes, sir.
Put it on the monitor.
Calculate the number of ships.
Yes, sir.
No way! More enemy ships?
I'm sorry.
An unidentified object is above the ship and ascending rapidly!
Did we launch any planes from the Macross?
No, sir.
Another unidentified object has dropped out of the atmosphere and is descending rapidly.
It's rendezvousing with the first object.
Valkyrie squadrons, go to B-mode!
I'm detecting more gravity waves. There are more than earlier.
Based on these readings, this makes a total of at least 1,000 ships.
We're just one ship. That's not going to change no matter how many ships they send.
Huh? No way!
But they've never sent 1,000 ships before!
That's enough! Don't you have any guts?
High Command must have picked them up as well.
Have they contacted us?
Not so far.
So they've washed their hands of us.
But why?!
They probably think that if the Macross is destroyed,
they can use it as an opportunity to open negotiations.
We've finally returned...
Returned?
I've patched through to Fleet Commander Lap'Lamiz.
Well done, I will take over from here.
You've brought quite a fleet to deal with a single miclone vessel.
That little ship has a way of burning those who get near it.
That incident with Milia, for example.
Hold your tongue! Let's see how much better you do!
Do? For the moment, I'm doing nothing at all.
Excellency...
If you'll excuse me, something seems to have come up.
What are you scheming, Britai?
We'll see, won't we?
The three have been returned to their normal size.
Let's hear your report.
Yes, sir!
Fighting to speak first, the three began to describe their experiences aboard the Macross.
The items here are just the smallest part of their culture, or whatever it's called.
There were people there who weren't even soldiers!
This is called a television and is used for entertainment.
Speaking of entertainment,
sometimes whole crowds will gather to watch a single person for enjoyment.
They have done an excellent job of reconstructing the ship's interior.
However, they've also made additions that we could not understand.
They have places where many of them will gather together.
The people move around freely there.
What's more, men and women are in constant contact!
And it's not dangerous at all.
On the contrary, it feels good!
Like a spring, the three agents' report flowed forth,
and Britai and Exsedol could only listen in astonishment.
All right, enough! There's no end to this.
Well?
Sir, I am now interested in going to see for myself.
This is most intriguing, wouldn't you say?
Having you go would present difficulties, and right now I must send my report.
Prepare your report at once. You may go.
Yes, sir!
Did you guys really hand in everything?
And what about you?
Huh? So we all secretly kept some things?
Okay, let's take a look.
A television... and a player, right?
And a Minmay holo-disc!
I can't believe you hid something like that!
You're one to talk.
I kept a Minmay doll.
What do we do with this?
I really wanna show some of the other guys.
If we're not careful, we could be put to death!
Try this! Go on!
This is great!
I've never tasted something like this!
Listen up, they call this stuff candy!
Amazing! I've never come across anything like it!
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Shining, making a...
This is called a song.
Leaving a long trail of vapor
There's something strange about it.
He traces two big hearts
The souvenirs that the three had brought back
A love sign in the big, blue sky
were met with admiring eyes, and in no time at all,
word had spread among the lower-ranking officers.
I love you, you...
Crew of the Macross and everyone else aboard,
I must now inform you of an important decision.
Since returning to Earth,
I have repeatedly asked both the Earth UN Government and the UN Forces
for authorization to let our citizens disembark, but the response has not been favorable.
What the heck?!
UN Forces High Command has ordered the Macross to leave Earth.
That's crazy!
What's going to happen to us?
They said that if we do not comply within 24 hours,
UN Military forces will attack this vessel.
Huh?
That's impossible!
The Earth's turned it's back on us!
We could never fight against the Earth.
The Macross is finished taking in supplies and prepared for immediate launch.
Now more than ever, I would like to ask for your help.
Wait for the day when the Earth will take us back.
If that day comes...
No, that day will surely come,
and until it does, we will do our utmost to survive.
I don't know how...
How I can apologize to you, our citizens?
Everyone, I don't know much about governments or armies,
but this is where we've lived for a long, long time.
We're all in this together, right?
Besides, our city is here, inside the Macross.
We've made it through so much already, so I know we'll make it through this!
Everyone on the Macross is like family.
The captain and the others are all doing their best for us.
I know that one day we'll be able to come back. There's always hope.
Minmay...
So until then... everyone, until then, the Macross...
The Macross is our home. It's our homeland.
Minmay knows just what to say!
Now it's up to us! We hafta work together so the Macross can come back!
That's right!
Let's do it!
All right!
Macross, stand by for launch!
Get to your stations!
Main control systems are all green.
Launch alert!
Gravity-control levels are rising. Commencing liftoff.
Level is minus 0.2.
All sections are in the clear.
Activating reaction propulsion drive.
Maximum propulsion!
We're now heading out into space.
This broadcast is also being aired on Earth.
I'll now sing a song with all the feelings I have for the Earth.
An ocean filled with stardust
Reflects the warm sun back
A little oasis
Our home, the green earth
One day, we shall return
So until then, please don't change
Beautiful place in my heart
Next Episode
Preview
The days come and go, and Hikaru and Minmay continue to pass each other by.
The movie starring Minmay and Kaifun is completed.
On the day of the premiere, Hikaru looks up at the screen and his heart wavers.
MICRO COSMOS
MICRO COSMOS
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
