Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
that blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
CHINA TOWN
Well, there they go.
Must be nice. I wanna go too!
What are you saying?
They're going to UN Forces High Command in Alaska,
and it's not going to be fun.
You're a lot better off staying here.
Yeah, but...
I'd like to get off the ship, too.
Ow!
Be careful, Colonel Maistroff. That doorway's a little low.
Thanks for the warning.
It's a little late though.
I'll be assuming command in Captain Global's absence.
I was informed, sir.
Colonel! No smoking is allowed on the bridge!
Well, Colonel, if you'll excuse me.
My watch is over, sir.
Ah, very well, then.
See you.
You're going off to the Macross's return celebration by yourself, aren't you, Lieutenant?
Well, who can say?
All right! For the next three days and nights, everyone, live it up!
But Mr. Mayor, shouldn't we use that time to pack?
What're ya talkin' about?! We can do that soon enough!
The Macross has been our home for a while now,
and soon it'll just be a nice memory!
Well, I guess we do have a few days before we leave.
'Sright!
So ya gotta party! PARTY!
Why are these guys so happy just to land on a planet?
Who cares?Anyway, thish booze they got ish great!
Start drinkin'.
Hey, you can really put that stuff away!
And that's bad...
Ah, hell! We're takin' the day off!
Great. An unrivaled beauty enters his room, and he just...
You're cute when you're asleep, Mr. Invincible Focker.
Well, I guess I'll go take a shower.
Still got those lovely curves, I see.
Maybe a little worse for the wear though.
What was that again?
Minmay!
Minmay!
Come on, outta the way!
I can't even stop by my uncle's to say hi anymore.
Hi...
Looks like a lot of work.
Yeah, but all my fans are important to me.
Oh, is that how it is?
Thank you.
You're a lot nicer now than when we first met.
Lt. Ichijo! I'm counting on you.
Understood!
Don't be late coming back. I know you wanted to see your parents,
but as your manager, I'm the one who has to balance your schedule and...
I know that. I'm not an amateur anymore.
Right, as long as you understand.
We're going! Please stand back.
Right. See you soon!
I'd forgotten what this felt like.
What?
Let's go!
What's got you in such a good mood, Leader?
Jeez, it's you two?
What's THAT supposed to mean?
Sorry'bout that.
We'll be heading back now, sir.
And leave you and Minmay alone to pursue your love.
Must be nice!
Idiot! It's not like that!
You don't have to be shy about it!
Anyway, enjoy yourselves.
It's been a while since we were alone, huh?
Yeah...
I can finally relax.
But once I go back, I'll be busy all over again.
I'll have to make up the time I took off.
Don't push yourself so hard.
Let's see. As soon as I get back, I have that TV show taping...
Then there's a live appearance.
And then I'm going to be in a movie!
My first movie! It's a lot of work too.
Then I'm recording an LP!
I'll send you one as a gift.
Uh, thanks.
Still, can such a hard schedule be good for your health?
Minmay? Min...
They must have put a lot of work into this.
Look, that's how far up we still are.
This shaft is a full six kilometers deep.
By the way, do you know about the Grand Cannon?
No, sir.
It's based on the main gun of the Macross,
and uses the Earth's gravitational field as its energy source.
Work on it began seven or eight years ago.
This shaft is so huge because it acts as the cannon's barrel.
So everyone here lives inside a cannon?
Yes, you could put it that way.
Is this your first time here?
No, my father brought me a few times.
But he never took me down to the bottom of the main shaft.
I suppose not. Most officers aren't even allowed there, let alone academy cadets.
Still...
Sir?
Sorry. It's just, Admiral Hayase is famous for being strict,
so it's just like him to be no different with his own daughter.
My father? I don't know what you mean.
He was my commander on the front line during the Unification Wars.
He got into a disagreement with the higher-ups over the distribution of our food supplies,
so the idiot took a unit and had them raid an allied warehouse!
And you were in on it, sir?
That's a nice face, Hayase.
Sir?
I haven't seen you smile since you escaped from the enemy.
Things will be a little easier for us once we get High Command's support,
but for that to happen, we're going to have to convince the top brass.
It may be rough on you, but I want you to help me and try your hardest.
Yes, sir. I'll give it my all.
Excellent.
No smoking is allowed in the capsule.
Please refrain from your tobacco.
Of all the... Here too?
First Shammy and now this machine!
Captain, you're worried about the others on the Macross, aren't you?
Why do you say that?
You always take out your pipe when you're worried about something.
Really? I never noticed.
Well, I don't think there will be any attacks for a while.
We've seen that the enemy's chain of command is in disarray.
But how long will that last?
Not very long, I'm afraid.
Minmay, wake up.
It's been a while, Global.
Not since the launching of the Macross.
Sir!
Same for you, Captain Hayase.
Yes, Admiral.
Both of you, take your seats.
Well, shall we begin?
Having already received Global's report,
the military officials began their cross-examination.
And immediately, their responses made Misa and Global painfully aware
of the deficiencies in their observations.
Smell that salt air!
Nothing's changed at all!
Good old Yokohama!
C'mon, everyone's staring.
Hmmph. I take you to Harbor Viewing Park on a lovely day, and you're just spoiling the mood!
Hey, come on!
Look! That's the New Marine Tower.
It's 900 meters tall, and when it was built it was the tallest thing in the world!
It's the same age as I am!
Really?
Hey! Be more impressed!
Let's see, there's the Yokohama Dai-Hanten Restaurant,
and there's the Canton Saikan.
I'm so glad! Nothing's changed!
It doesn't even look like Japan.
That's why it's called Chinatown.
Past the Kainan Hanten...
Here!
Here?
Yeah!
Thank goodness! My home's still here!
It hasn't even been a year, you know.
It feels like it's been ten already!
I'm back!
Miss Minmay!
C'mon! Just c'mon!
What is it, Chin?
What's going...
Oh! Minmay!
I'm home.
How could you?!
I thought you'd been killed long ago in the Unification Wars!
The Unification Wars?
Who's this?
That's Hikaru. He saved my life.
Thank you so much!
No, it's all right. You're embarrassing me.
Minmay! How could you make us worry like that?
Why didn't you send word that you were still alive?!
Global, Captain Hayase...
I wouldn't have expected this from either of you.
First of all, if the enemy is as powerful as you claim,
why was the Macross allowed to return?
I detailed our reasoning in the report.
Even if that report is true, it contains several gaps.
But it...
That's enough, Captain Hayase!
Admiral!
Sir, will you grant my previous request?
The negotiation plan and the relocation of the 56,000 refugees?
We'll take that up in our deliberations.
Captain, why are they doing this?
I don't think we've seen their true intentions yet.
What do you mean?
They're also politicians, Hayase.
If we spend all this time deliberating, do you think we can get anything done in time?
OUT OF THE QUESTION!
That's right! You only just got back!
You can't go be a singer on some battleship!
It would be like being a comfort woman!
Comfort woman? Talk about old-fashioned!
Well, I don't care what you say, I'm going back to the Macross!
I'm not gonna blow this chance!
No! No!
You're not going anywhere!
I am! I'm on TV in the Macross, and I'm about to do a record!
I'm even going to be in a movie soon!
Right, Hikaru?
Why would we believe a made-up story like that?!
I'm not lying!
You're our only child.
Who will run the restaurant when we, well...
What about you, son? Would you settle down with her?
Me?! Well, I...
Stop it!
You're making Hikaru uncomfortable! Our relationship isn't like that!
And anyway, I can't betray my tens of thousands of fans!
I'm a professional now!
You're still going on about that?
Well, what's going on?
You said it was important.
Minmay!
Kaifun, it's you!
Am I dreaming?
Kaifun, I never expected to see you here.
Well, after I joined the peace movement,
I couldn't stand being near the Macross anymore, so I left home.
I was going to come back to see Mom and Dad, but I stopped getting any mail from them.
Then I found out that the island was destroyed.
It was really something.
Well, I'm glad at least you're still alive, Minmay.
Huh? Your mom and dad are just fine.
Really?! Where are they?
Aboard the Macross.
The Macross?
Didn't you know?
No, I...
Oh, I'm sorry!
Let me introduce you, Hikaru.
This is my cousin Lynn Kaifun. He's like a big brother to me.
Good to meet you.
This is 1st Lieutenant Hikaru Ichijo.
He's a fighter pilot aboard the Macross, and he saved my life.
I'm Hikaru Ichijo.
Oh, so that's it?
Soldiers are expected to help us civilians, you know.
Still, I guess I can go ahead and say thanks.
No! He wasn't a soldier when he saved me!
Oh, so you joined up later?
That's right.
And what's so great about the military?
They sure are taking their time.
Forgive the delay.
We've analyzed your report and have determined that it is credible to a certain extent.
Is that so?
However, contact or negotiations with the enemy are out of the question.
But attempting to continue hostilities with them is just...
You still don't seem to understand.
The Zentradi way of thinking is completely different from our own.
Even if your theory is correct and their ancestors were similar to us,
they are now quite different, Commodore Global.
Handled incorrectly, peace talks with these aliens could very well have adverse effects.
Understood. What about letting the 56,000 civilians off of the Macross?
They've all been declared dead. We can't allow them to leave the ship.
What did you say?!
I don't understand!
Did you think we could tell the public we're at war with aliens?
It would have thrown the entire Earth into a panic.
After the Macross launched into space, we took control of the media.
We said that the Macross had been attacked by guerillas, remnants of the anti-UN Forces.
They destroyed South Ataria Island, and the Macross launched on its test flight.
Do you think we can let 56,000 ghosts who know the truth go free?
I don't believe this!
If we try to keep them on board now, it will cause a riot.
After all they've been through, they've finally made it back home, and now...
Keeping them in line is your responsibility.
Besides, if your report is correct and the enemy is so interested in civilians
then the Macross, which is full of civilians, should occupy their attention.
What did you say?!
Continue to keep the aliens occupied, as you've been doing.
While you're doing that, we'll be preparing our counterattack.
I know it's risky, but you have to buy us some time.
Father, you're asking too much! At least let the civilians...
Leave our relationship out of this, Captain!
We may be father and daughter, but here we are both soldiers!
The enemy could ignore the Macross and attack the Earth directly!
Our analysis shows there is little chance of that happening.
You'll receive more detailed instructions later. That is all.
Hayase, aren't you going to speak with him?
He is your father.
I don't want to see him. Not now.
This is going nowhere. Minmay's mind is made up. Why not let her go?
All right, Kaifun!
What?! Kaifun!
I asked you to talk to her because you two have always gotten along.
But now you've just taken her side!
However, I intend to go with her.
I get to be with Kaifun! This is the best!
Hey, I didn't think of that!
I wouldn't be so worried if Kaifun was with her.
Just leave everything to me.
Misa, I'm sure you're angry with my decision,
but as a ranking official of the UN Forces High Command, it was the only decision to make.
Please try to understand.
And now, as your father, I have a request.
Leave the Macross at once.
I'll make whatever arrangements are necessary.
I can't bear to have my daughter in such a dangerous place...
So you don't have a single girlfriend?
Nope! I've been dumped the world over.
I'd be jealous if you ever got a girlfriend!
What, you want me to be alone for the rest of my life?
That's not what I'm saying...
What, then?
Never you mind!
Excuse me!
We're already carrying more weight than we should be,
so would you mind settling down back there?
Why are you trying to act all big, Hikaru?
Having set foot on the Earth for the first time in quite a while
and still puzzling over the unexpected twists of fate,
they hurry back with mixed feelings in their hearts...
to their home aboard the Macross.
Next Episode
Preview
Minmay's cousin Lynn Kaifun has returned to a home
that has been transplanted aboard the Macross.
This somewhat unusual passenger causes new troubles
not just for Hikaru, but for everyone aboard the Macross.
KUNG-FU DANDY
KUNG-FU DANDY
I won't follow it anymore,
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
