Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
that blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
It has been almost a year since the Macross began its voyage,
and we have amassed a sizable amount of valuable data.
GLOBAL REPORT
I will now report all we've learned to the UN Forces High Command.
From the space battleship SDF-1 Macross, UN Forces,
this is Captain Bruno J. Global.
For those on Earth, I think it's hard to know just what befell
the Macross and its surroundings on the day of the launch ceremony,
and what happened once it and the island both disappeared.
It all began with a sudden roar from the Macross's main gun.
What is it?
Look! The ship's original systems have just activated themselves!
Huh?
Oh, no! It's entered firing mode!
What is going on?!
The main cannon is activating!
We are currently engaged in hostilities with alien forces.
This is not a drill!
I repeat, this is not a drill!
The directive from the previous day's defense council that we were not to fire first
in the event of an alien encounter had been thoroughly broken.
From what we could gather of the situation,
the alien's enemies had left the Macross behind as a clever trap,
a booby trap.
As a result of our battle with the enemy's land forces,
we confirmed that they were giants, five or six times the size of human beings.
This matches earlier estimates made by UN Forces High Command
based on the size of the interior of the Macross.
We also gained valuable data on the effectiveness of the Battroids,
which had been designed to combat such a threat.
Meanwhile, we attempted to launch the ship using the gravity control system...
but we failed.
What in the world is happening?!
I don't know, sir!
Captain! The bow!
What is it?
What are those?!
They appear to be the gravity control systems.
The gravity control systems?!
That's impossible!
An analysis by our technical crew concluded that the unexpected firing of the main gun
had affected all of the ship's components, including the Fold System.
After transporting the Macross and the nearby island to Pluto's orbit,
the Fold System vanished, forcing us to make a long voyage home.
We quickly docked the Macross
with the aircraft carrier Prometheus and the assault ship Daedalus,
then brought the base and various facilities from the island,
as well as 50,000-plus refugees we found in the shelters, into the ship itself.
The civilians used materials from the island to rebuild their city
inside the ship's residential areas and went about their daily lives.
I believe this will provide valuable data for future deep-space voyages.
On a related note, we learned that the disappearance of the Fold System
cut the energy lines to the main gun, rendering it unusable.
For that reason, the ship had to undergo a Transformation.
Valkyrie squadrons, all units, scramble!
I repeat, Valkyrie squadrons, all units, scramble!
We're going to initiate the ship-wide Transformation!
I regret that the Transformation affected the citizens so badly,
but it allowed us to strike back at our enemy.
Following that, we were able to modify the process
to minimize the damage caused by future Transformations.
Also, for our first counterattack in the rings of Saturn,
we used residual energy from the Fold System to create the Pinpoint Barrier.
Furthermore, by concentrating the Barrier at the bow of the Daedalus,
we developed the Daedalus Attack, which has proven effective against the giant enemy ships.
Oh, no! I'll never make it!
Agh, not that way!
Currently, I am hastening development of a barrier that can cover the entire ship.
In the eighth month of our voyage, in need of supplies,
we touched down at Mars Base Salla,
where we were trapped by hidden gravity mines that had been planted by the enemy.
Destroid groups 6, 8, and 17 are destroyed.
The rest are heavily damaged.
Hold on. We may be able to disable that trap after all.
But how, if it's underground?
The reactor! Salla's reactor is located deep beneath the base!
If we can blow it up...
One moment, please.
It looks like it could work.
All right, begin the operation at once!
Have Hayase activate the reactor!
Yes, sir!
Reactor is overloading! Danger! Danger!
Safety systems are disengaged. Status red! Reactor entering critical cascade!
Fifteen minutes until detonation!
All personnel, evacuate! All personnel, evacuate!
By causing the reactor located beneath the base to overload,
1st Lt. Hayase enabled us to escape.
The enemy's objective seems to be the capture of our ship rather than its destruction.
I believe this is what allowed the Macross to run for so long from an overwhelming enemy force.
To celebrate the launch of MBS, the Macross Broadcast System,
we present the Miss Macross Contest.
Ship-wide civilian broadcasts began,
and the Miss Macross contest was held to mark the occasion.
Who will make it to the finals and win the crown?
The Miss Macross Contest!
Our queen will be chosen by you!
A young girl named Lynn Minmay was crowned Miss Macross.
With the Earth in sight, a fleet of enemy ships surrounded us, forcing us to a stalemate.
It was at this time that the enemy subtly changed its tactics.
The jamming that had blocked our communications ceased,
and we immediately reported our situation to headquarters.
However, directly following this...
I'm getting a signal from someplace that isn't High Command.
Put it on the speaker.
Yes, sir!
The recent attack was merely a show of force.
If... do not wish to be destroyed, you will surrender immediately.
It's from the enemy fleet?
Enough.
The enemy's deciphering abilities are exceptional.
We mustn't be careless with our communications.
When our radar was destroyed,
1st Lt. Misa Hayase went out on a recon patrol in a Cat's Eye.
1st Lt. Hayase, along with 2nd Lt. Ichijo and Corporals Kakizaki and Jenius,
were captured and taken all the way to the main Zentradi base for questioning.
After that, they miraculously escaped and were able to tell us the shocking truth.
I'll let them explain it in their own words.
I am Bodolzaa, Supreme Commander of the Zentradi 118th main fleet.
There are some things I wish to ask you.
They know our language!
What's going on here?
My Lord, the translation device appears to be working properly.
Good. When did you people make contact with the Supervision Army?
Supervision Army?
You ever heard of that army, Leader?
I just joined the military myself, so I don't really know.
Just joined the military?
What in the world did you do before that?
What do you mean? We were civilians.
Ci-vil-ians?
What does civilian mean?
Someone who doesn't fight in wars.
Doesn't fight in wars?!
The universe overflows with conflict, and it is in battle that one finds life!
It's in battle that one finds life...
It seems that we need to change our line of questioning.
Are there really people aboard your ship who do not fight?
And how can your men and women live together?
Men and women together? What are you...
Kakizaki!
I don't intend to answer any more questions!
You must be their commander.
None of you appreciate the situation you're in.
We have enough power to destroy your ship and your world in an instant.
Take a look at that planet.
What have you done?!
Do you want the same thing to happen to your homeworld?
That's...
What is it?
Something's strange. They have that kind of power,
so why haven't they launched an all-out attack on the Macross and the Earth?
I will ask you once more: Do these civilians really exist?
And how can men and women coexist on the same ship?
Civilians... Men and women...
Maybe we have something that they don't.
If you don't answer, I'll destroy your ship and your planet!
If you really think you can, then go ahead and try!
What did you say?
Lieutenant!
Let me handle this.
We have powers you know nothing about!
Silence!
Lieutenant!
What the hell do you think you're doing?!
Stay where you are.
How soft.
To think that fragile miclones like this dare to defy us.
Tell me, why did you go through the trouble of becoming a miclone?
If you don't tell me why you became a miclone, I'll kill you.
Stop it!
We were born with these bodies!
Born with them?
And just where were you born from?
From our mothers, of course!
Mothers?
Our female parents!
From a woman?
You're saying you were born from a woman?
But how?
How? You don't even know that?
A man and a woman make love, and together they make a baby.
Make love? How is this done?
Well, they kiss and hold each other, and...
And that is how miclones are born?
You two, show me this kissing.
Give me a break! Two guys can't do that!
If you don't, then I'll crush you too!
Wait!
I'll do it.
You? Very well.
2nd Lieutenant Ichijo, kiss me.
This is our chance to see how the enemy reacts!
Then do it with Kakizaki!
I'd rather it was you.
Still, you can't just say something like that and...
Do it now!
That's an order! Hurry!
Okay, fine!
Here goes.
I'm sorry, Minmay.
Protoculture...!
Protoculture?
What's going on?
Someone! Take these things away immediately!
What could the Zentradi have feared so much?
Their giant bodies are so strong that they can survive for short periods in the vacuum of space,
and they have an unbelievably powerful fleet as well. All that strength and yet...
Enter.
I brought you some coffee.
Thank you. You're very considerate.
Not at all, sir...
It's this late already, is it?
It's beautiful.
I never thought I'd see this sight again.
To be honest, neither did I.
Strange to say now, but
I had a bad feeling when I was given this ship.
A feeling that by launching the Macross,
something would happen that would change our...
No, that would change humanity forever.
Your premonition came true in a way, didn't it?
What will the Macross mean for us in the end?
Preview
Next Episode
Captain Global and Misa travel to UN Forces High Command in Alaska.
Meanwhile, Hikaru and Minmay leave the Macross and journey to Yokohama.
For both parties, unexpected situations await them at their respective destinations.
CHINA TOWN
CHINA TOWN
I won't follow it anymore,
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
