Surrounded by Zentradi forces,
the Macross launches a desperate Daedalus Attack on Britai's ship
which allows an invasion force to stream in from the bow,
turning the city within the ship's interior into a battlefield.
DROP OUT
Minmay!
Come on, men! Crush them with one blow!
This time, it's anything goes!
What are you men doing?
Minmay's in here!
Minmay? What's that?
He said Minmay's here.
Those three were telling the truth!
I wanna meet Minmay!
Silence!
What are you planning to do?
Well, we can't damage this place any longer, so...
What, you men too?!
What's wrong with you all?
Hey! Why are you running away?!
Please forgive us, sir!
You just don't understand how wonderful this place is!
Shut up!
I don't care what your reasons are, desertion is unacceptable!
I'll do to you what I did to that other guy!
Is that what you want?
Fine! You're no longer part of my Clan!
I'll execute you all!
Captain, this is strange! The intruders' ranks are in disarray!
What?
This is our chance. Send in our reserve air-defense Valkyrie teams!
Drive them out!
Yes, sir! Brown, Green, and Indigo Squadrons, head for the ship's bow!
Engage the enemy!
This isn't a movie, is it?
Skull Leader, come in! Lieutenant Ichijo!
Oh, Captain Hayase.
Oh, Captain Hayase?! What's wrong with you?
Please send a rescue party to the open-air theater.
The open-air theater?
Is Kaifun all right?
Tell me, who's hurt?!
Lieutenant Ichijo! Lieutenant Ichijo!
Kaifun, you idiot!
Minmay...
Damn it!
Goddammit!
A Minmay doll.
So that's what it's like!
Lemme see!
Me too!
And me!
It's... It's ruined.
We... all of us... did this, to the doll and to this city.
Desertion in the face of the enemy?!
I don't believe it!
This must be the enemy's true power.
As I thought, the legends...
You're saying we should have heeded them?
Indeed.
Well, it's too late! Abort the mission!
Temporarily confine the deserters.
And what shall we do with them?
I'll leave that to you. Do what you will.
You can investigate the power of this culture if you like.
Thank you, sir.
Culture...
What?!
The deserters will only be temporarily confined?
If we allow this, who knows what else will happen?!
Sheesh! The second I get through fighting, they call me in!
First Lieutenant Ichijo, reporting!
You three!
Calm yourself, Lieutenant. They're under armed guard.
We're prisoners, like you were!
Hey! How've you been?
What the hell are you talking about? Why are you even here?!
Captain, may I explain to the lieutenant?
Very well.
Lt. Ichijo, these men and twenty-three others wish to defect to our ship.
Defect?!
Get serious! We've been fighting these people!
Now some of them waltz up and say they want to defect,
and we're supposed to say, Sure, come on in?! Well, I can't do that!
That makes it three to two, I see.
Colonel, please wait!
Lt. Ichijo, I thought you would understand.
If we don't take in these defectors, they'll have nowhere else to go!
Look, I'm just a pilot.
We're asking your opinion as someone who's had direct contact with the enemy!
All right, please let me have a few words with them.
Why did you desert?
Because we want to live here!
Here?!
You have culture here.
And you have Minmay.
And Minmay's songs!
All right! All right!
But how do you know this stuff?
We sneaked aboard this ship once before, as spies.
But when we went back, there was something missing.
These poor beings have only known war.
I understand, but aren't these sort of weak reasons to desert?
Well, it's also because you're Protoculture.
Protoculture? What's that?
You're still playing dumb?
Even with all the power you have!
This would seem to support Hayase's theories.
Captain, you're seriously asking us to believe her report?
At this point, we have to believe it.
Well, Ichijo, what's your opinion?
Sir!
I think it would be all right to accept them.
What?!
That makes it two to three.
Lieutenant, you just said we shouldn't accept them, didn't you?!
I changed my mind.
Captain! Why should we listen to the opinion of someone
who can't even explain his reasoning?!
Hold on a minute.
First Lieutenant Ichijo, may I ask why you changed your mind?
Yes, sir. As I reported before, these aliens have known only war.
I think that when they came aboard the Macross and experienced our culture
and how we live our lives, it must have been a huge shock for them.
Yeah, we were really surprised.
We were amazed by Minmay's singing, and that men and women lived together.
And that some of you even oppose war!
As we got used to it, we started to enjoy living here more and more.
If what they said is true and they really are in awe of how we live aboard the Macross...
I don't quite know how to put it, but maybe we could forge a friendship with the aliens.
Well, that's an overly optimistic view!
You're saying we should live with these aliens?!
They may look like us, but don't go saying that we're the same!
But being aboard the Macross,
they've seen for the first time a way of life that isn't just about war!
How can we throw them out now?!
The emotional argument this time, is it?
Captain?
What is it?
As 1st Lt. Ichijo said, the Zentradi forces are comprised solely of military organizations;
they know nothing besides war.
They fight because it's all they know how to do.
For them, the only way to end a war is to annihilate their enemy.
Which is why we must reject these defectors and take strong...
No! It's why we have to teach them about things other than war!
Not everything is about victory or defeat.
If we make them see that there's another way to live their lives,
I think we'll have opened up the avenue to ending this war!
I thank you for a moving speech, but may I remind you that these are aliens?
How do you plan on integrating them into our civilian population?!
Excuse me.
Hey! We're in the middle of an important meeting!
It's all right. I asked him here.
Well? Do you have the results?
Yes, sir. Here they are.
Captain? What is that?
We had their blood analyzed.
What?!
Their blood types and genetic makeup are the same as ours!
We thought that would be the case, but to actually be proven right...
So we really could live together, couldn't we?
Because we're Protoculture, eh?
Well, we no longer have a reason to treat them as aliens.
They must be regarded as normal defectors.
Very well, we will accept them.
All right!
Can a decision this important really be made by the Macross alone?!
We should ask High Command for orders!
You're out of line, both of you.
I'm not feeling well, sir, so if you'll excuse me.
Maistroff...
Can't you understand?
At this point, we must accept these bizarre circumstances.
I'm glad I came to see this. It's terrible.
It doesn't look this bad on the monitors.
It's not quite so damaged over here, huh?
I always seem to end up coming here.
Uncle! Auntie!
Oh!
Oh, my!
Hey, Hikaru!
Where are you going?
Where? Well, Kaifun and Minmay haven't come back yet, so...
They're at the general hospital.
The hospital?!
They're both hurt?!
No, Kaifun was the only one hurt.
But it's not serious. Minmay just wanted to stay with him.
Dear! We shouldn't be wasting time here!
We have to get to the hospital!
Yeah, but we can't just leave the restaurant.
It's all right.
We'll watch it while you're gone.
Right.
Really? You'd do that?!
Oh! Thank you so much!
C'mon!
Right!
I think that should be enough.
Yeah...
Hang on, I'll make us some tea.
Minmay...
Here we go.
Go ahead.
Ah, thanks.
It's funny, isn't it?
Ultimately, it's the civilians, the ones who have nothing to do with this war...
the ones who looked so powerless in the face of war,
who could be the key to ending the conflict.
Anyway, don't you want to go to the hospital, too?
Just admit it. You're worried about Kaifun, right?
It's okay. I really was concerned about him,
but in all this uproar over the defectors, I completely forgot about him.
In the end,
this is all because he looks like someone I was once in love with.
But he hates me because I'm a soldier.
I even started to doubt the military's way of doing things.
Finding someone so opposed to war was such a shock.
It was probably like what those defectors felt when they found out about our peaceful lifestyle.
When I realized that their arrival may have given us a way to end this war, I suddenly...
just lost interest in him.
So that's how it goes.
Is that strange of me? Anyway, Kaifun has his parents
and Minmay, too.
Haven't you even told her how you feel?
That doesn't matter, does it?
You still haven't, have you?
You can't expect her to know how you feel if you don't tell her!
Do you want Kaifun to take her away from you?
If you don't tell her, you'll regret it later!
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lecture you like that.
When I see you, I just...
Lieutenant Ichijo, you go on ahead!
I'll find someone to watch the restaurant!
Roger!
Skull Squadron, launch!
Spartan Company, stand by at blocks 4 and 8!
Kirkland Company, move to defend the Prometheus!
Captain, hurry up and switch with me, please!
Sorry I'm late.
I got caught up in traffic. What are we up against?
A small force. I think they could be stragglers.
Where were they hiding all this time?
We may have finally found the answer,
but now we have to fight again.
Skull Leader!
Don't push yourself out there.
Roger.
You sure are polite today.
Is that so?
Here they come!
Leader!
Watch your six!
I guess it's over.
Capt. Hayase, please don't tell me we have any more small forces like this headed for us.
Doesn't look like it.
How long is this going to last?
Who can say? War is the only thing our enemies know, right?
But we'll have to put an end to this someday.
Yes...
We have to end it as soon as we can.
Captain, please!
Please allow me to go to High Command!
Let me explain the situation regarding our defectors!
Explain? That's all?
I'll do my absolute best to make them understand.
I may even be able to rely on my father for help.
And you can do this without taking those three along?
Yes, I'll go alone first, then send for them once I've explained things.
If I just take them along with me, who knows what could happen?
I see.
Please let me do this.
Please, Captain!
Very well, I will leave this to you.
We'll ready a shuttle at once.
You may leave when ready.
Then I'll prepare to leave at once.
Next Episode
Preview
Misa's shuttle heads for Earth,
where she will plead her case to the heads of the UN Forces High Command.
But once separated from the Macross, the shuttle is attacked by Kamujin's forces.
Hikaru and Max race out in their Valkyries to rescue her.
GOODBYE GIRL
Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
GOODBYE GIRL
