Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Misa, who had been aboard the Cat's Eye on a recon mission,
was taken prisoner along with her escorts Hikaru, Max, and Kakizaki,
and transported far away to the main Zentradi fleet.
The scale and power of the enemy fleet,
as well as the physical strength of the Zentradi themselves,
was beyond anything they could have imagined.
BIG ESCAPE
Let's make a run for it.
Let's get out of here.
It's one thing to say that, but...
But how?
At that meeting earlier, the giants were shocked when the Lieutenant and I...
When they had us kiss, right?
And they said something about Protoculture.
Yeah, they were so freaked out they didn't even move for a while.
If we wait until the next time a soldier comes in to feed us and then kiss again...
I gotcha! When the soldier gets all surprised, we escape!
Quit joking! I won't do it.
Lieutenant!
That's your big plan? Unbelievable...
There's no way that would work!
Do you think I'd actually kiss you again based on a half-baked plan like that?
What are you talking about? Do you have any other choices?
Besides, if it wasn't to get out of here, why would I wanna kiss someone like you?!
Now, now...
Calm down, both of you.
Lt. Hayase, this time I'd be glad to trade places with Lt. Ichijo, and...
What a moron...
Lord Bodolzaa, what strategy did you have in mind for further operations?
I'd like to send in a spy.
A spy?
Your pardon, sir, but contact with the Protoculture could lead to our destruction.
What should we do?
But if we can get our hands on their reaction weaponry or shipboard repair technology,
I'd like to see those miclone civilians again.
We would gain a great advantage over the Supervision Army.
Me too.
Okay.
But who could endure a mission requiring them to become miclones
and infiltrate this most unusual Macross ship?
That is a problem.
Please allow us to carry out this mission!
You three?
Yes, sir!
Maybe... Maybe we should try your plan after all.
Look, don't force yourself.
This video could change the course of human history.
It's my duty as a soldier to take it back.
And I'll do whatever it takes.
Way to go, Lt. Hayase!
Duty, Duty! Why, it's so honorable of you...
Hey, you're a soldier too!
Now are you going to do this or not?
I was the one who suggested it, remember?
He's earlier than I expected!
Kakizaki, get ready by the door!
Yes, ma'am!
Here goes. Ready?
Are you?
It worked!
Now!
Leader!
It's me! Max!
Max?!
You're all right!
What's with the getup?
What the heck were you guys trying to do, Leader?
I'll explain later. Let's get out of here, fast!
Roger!
Hop on.
Whoa, there...
Kakizaki...
You go over here.
What?!
Three's a crowd, right?
Can we really count on those three?
If it's just to get a glimpse of the inside of that ship,
then they should be up to the task.
I agree.
I've been completely unable to comprehend the miclones' activities.
Still, I'm pretty surprised.
I was sure that other girl was your girlfriend.
I had no idea you were into older women.
Give me a break!
Right! It was just part of our plan to escape!
Don't worry. If we make it back to the Macross, I won't tell anyone.
That's not it at all! You've got it all wrong!
If you yell, they'll be sure to find us.
Okay, here we go.
Muetema!
We've been spotted!
Adoua!
Sorry about the bumpy ride!
We understand!
Commander Britai!
What is it?
The prisoners have escaped!
What did you say?!
Accursed miclones! What are they doing?
You have no idea, sir.
Capture them, no matter what it takes!
Sir!
Oh, no!
It's no good, sir. It won't move at all.
Understood. What should we do?
We'll just have to make a break for it!
Max!
Roger!
Do you think Max and Kakizaki are all right?
I hope so.
Wha...What is this?!
The giants...
The giants are getting smaller!
You still haven't caught them?!
No, sir. I don't know what to say.
It's just that they're so small...
Britai!
Sir?
It seems you need to take responsibility for this blunder.
I'm taking you off the front line for a while.
Sir!
And what of the plan to send in our spies?
I'll have Lap'Lamiz handle it.
Lap'Lamiz of the Direct-Defense Fleet?
That's right. That's how important this operation is.
So that's what the giants meant by miclone, huh?
Yeah...
We've gotten our hands on some important information.
Lt. Ichijo...
It's just a thought, but maybe these giants were originally the same size as we are.
Then, to fight this enemy they call the Supervision Army,
they could have rebuilt their own bodies into something bigger and stronger.
That's just impossible!
No, it's possible.
There's no way a humanoid that can survive the vacuum of space
and fight a Battroid barehanded could have been born naturally!
Maybe they did some kind of genetic engineering.
It could be.
If they have the technology to go from giant to miclone,
it wouldn't be a stretch to imagine they could do the reverse.
You have a point.
And maybe...
Maybe what?
Maybe this Protoculture they mentioned was the civilization they had
when they were still our size.
You bastard!
Lieutenant!
Lieutenant!
Lt. Ichijo, it's all over. Just leave me and get out of here.
What are you talking about?!
Without the data, I...
There's no point in saving me!
Pull yourself together!
Even without the data, we witnessed it all ourselves, right?
All the more reason for you to go alone.
You must be joking! There's no way I could abandon a girl!
Come on!
Goodbye, Hikaru. Goodbye!
Where are you going? Minmay?
Minmay!
You've finally come around, huh?
Lt. Hayase...
Where are we? What is this?
It looks like cooling water for their engines or something.
Cooling water?
Pretty bad, huh? They don't seem to maintain their ships very well.
Of course, that fact saved our lives.
And since I didn't drown, I guess that means I owe you one, Lieutenant.
There's no way I could abandon a comrade-in-arms, is there?
Lieutenant...
Well, that's that. Now we're even.
It's strange though.
Why would the giants have such a huge fleet but not even maintain their ships properly?
Maybe they want to, but they can't.
They can't?
Right, turning themselves into giants definitely made them optimally suited to be soldiers,
but maybe they lost something in the process too.
Lost something?
Right, and proof of that is that there are no civilians,
and there's no interaction between men and women.
So getting their bodies that powerful
made them unable to think of anything but fighting, huh?
The universe overflows with conflict, and it is in battle that one finds life.
When two fleets as big as this duke it out, it must be incredible, huh?
There's no telling how many worlds have been destroyed.
Yeah...
I bet people the same size as us would have been destroyed in an instant,
and when they were, all kinds of cultures were lost.
And those lost cultures... that's Protoculture?
Maybe that's why the giants are so interested in us and the Macross,
because we have Protoculture.
If you think about it, it's sad.
Humans who only think about fighting.
True. They're just like me.
Like you?
For over a hundred years, my family has served in the military.
Ever since I was in grade school, all I've wanted to be was a soldier.
My head was filled with ideas of duty.
You were top of your class at the academy, weren't you?
How did you know that?
You're famous among the pilots.
They say, Lt. Top-of-Her-Class is scarier than a demon!
Oh, my!
See, that's why Claudia teases me whenever I even try to talk about men.
Lt. Hayase, you were at the top of your class! I'm shocked!
You're in love with someone back on the Macross, right?
Miss Macross!
Why do you say that?
You were talking in your sleep. Minmay! Minmay!
I was?!
She's your girlfriend, right?
Yeah, I guess.
I'd like to think so.
But since she became Miss Macross and decided to be a singer,
we haven't really had much time to see each other.
Oh, she's going to be a singer?
Yeah, I think she's already had her debut by now.
She's probably a big idol on the Macross.
But that's great, isn't it?
Having someone you love makes you want to get back to the Macross, no matter what.
The only boyfriend I have is my duty.
You'll find someone.
When we get back, you'll find someone for sure.
You're just saying that.
I'm not lying.
If you acted more like the way you are now, like a lady...
Don't make fun of your elders.
Sorry.
It's okay. It's just another reason we have to get back to the Macross.
Right?
Roger!
Loli Dosel and two other class-one armored troops, reporting for duty!
I'm glad that you volunteered to become miclone spies.
It was our honor!
Infiltrate the enemy ship and obtain detailed intelligence.
Yes, sir!
When you return, you'll be given your own armored corps.
Board your vessel, the Bekamli 220, and make for the enemy ship at once!
Sir!
Wind?
This way!
That way!
We did it!
Yes!
Still, that's an incredible fleet.
Yeah, we wouldn't stand a chance even if we put up a fight.
Somehow we have to put an end to the fighting.
But first, we have to think about how we're going to get back to Earth.
You're right.
Hide!
We did it!
Max! Kakizaki!
Leader!
Thank goodness you're alive!
You too!
That ship looks like it's about to leave, doesn't it?
It sure does.
If they're loading supplies from the ship we came in on...
Then maybe we can get back to Earth. To the Macross!
If we're gonna do that, we'd better sneak aboard fast.
Right!
Sneaking spies aboard the enemy ship?
A rather passive plan, wouldn't you say?
Hold your tongue, Milia.
But Commander Lap'Lamiz...
These are special orders from his Lordship, Supreme Commander Bodolzaa.
This enemy could be even more dangerous than the Supervision Army.
All ships commencing fold navigation.
How do we get out of here once they de-fold?
I know, how about stealing one of those battle pods?
And how do you intend to pilot the thing?
No problem! I mean, we do have three splendid pilots right here.
Jeez...
Or maybe you don't want to get back to the Macross after all.
Okay, okay.
Now then, about getting those spies aboard the enemy ship...
Just leave that to me.
You'll do it alone?
They're just miclones. I can more than handle them by myself.
Just what I expected to hear, Milia. I'm counting on you.
We're de-folding! Hurry!
I know, I know!
If these things were easy to pilot, we wouldn't be having this problem!
Okay, you three will ride in this capsule.
Understood!
I'm told that Milia of the Lap'Lamiz Direct-Defense Fleet
will be delivering you to the enemy ship.
Milia? You mean Milia the Ace?
That's right, so you can rest easy.
Your Queadluun is ready for launch.
Well done.
We'll draw the enemy ship's attention.
The rest is up to you.
Roger.
We're finally going in.
We'll be able to see those civilians again.
Yeah...
We de-folded ages ago! Get a move on!
She's scarier than a demon, all right.
Did you say something?
Just talking in my sleep.
This one!
They noticed!
Well, of course they did. Max!
Roger!
Good! That's got it!
You son of a...
Looks like a battle's going on.
I sure hope this is our solar system.
Yeah...
How's the comm unit?
I'm not sure.
That's Minmay!
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
It's Minmay's song!
Minmay?
My boyfriend is a pilot
Then that means... Leader!
Macross! The Macross is out there!
Shining, making a rapid descent
then BOOM! he makes a sudden climb
Leaving a long trail of vapor
He traces two big hearts
This is the enemy that's more dangerous than the Supervision Army?
These beings aren't worth my time.
A love sign in the big, blue sky
Who the hell was that?!
I love you, you love me?
But he's head over heels
For his plane instead of me
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
We made it!
My boyfriend is a pilot
1st Flight Commander Milia to Commander Lap'Lamiz.
Mission complete. I am returning to the ship.
Understood. Well done.
We will now withdraw from the front line. Head for the rendezvous point.
Lieutenant! I've locked onto our military frequency!
We're really going to be rescued, right?
Why don't we make contact before we get shot down by our own people?
Right! Please come in!
This is Macross Bridge Operator Misa Hayase and three others.
We have stolen an enemy pod and are currently adrift!
Requesting assistance!
Next Episode
Preview
Earth was finally right before the Macross.
The important information Hikaru and the others brought back
made Captain Global only more determined to break through the enemy blockade.
However, by this time, Zentradi spies had already infiltrated the Macross.
BLUE WIND
BLUE WIND
I won't follow it anymore,
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end...
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
