Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Hikaru and his team, having stolen aboard an enemy ship, are in pursuit of the captured Misa Hayase,
when Britai suddenly launches an unexpected attack.
FIRST CONTACT
Kakizaki!
That's impossible!
I threw him into space! How could he still be alive?
Lieutenant!
Now!
Th... This guy's a monster!
Leader!
Are you all right, sir?
Are you hurt?
I'm not built like any of you.
But of course, sir!
So these are the miclones from the enemy ship...
It certainly appears to be female.
Yes, sir. Our genetic analysis indicates that this is definitely the case.
What's more, the prisoners' skeleton, cells and even genes aren't appreciably different from our own miclones.
This is horrible...
Ah, it seems one of them has regained consciousness.
Kakizaki! Kakizaki!
Leader, I'm still eatin' here.
Jeez!
Ichijo!
It looks like we've been captured by the giants.
Yeah...
So we're prisoners.
You just had to go out on recon, didn't you?
What!?
What happened to the pilot of the Cat's Eye?
He died.
We hit an asteroid fragment.
That's what happens when you underestimate outer space.
Women shouldn't be soldiers.
They're a lot cuter when they're just cooking or singing or something.
Watch how you talk to a superior officer!
I can do those things too!
Oh? Will wonders never cease?
Now look here, Mister!
They appear to be fighting.
Yes, it is said that when men and women are together in one place, disaster will inevitably follow.
This may be the early stages.
Disaster, eh? That may be.
Enough, turn it off!
Just looking at them makes my head hurt.
I share your sentiment.
This may no longer be a problem we can manage alone.
Perhaps we should contact the main fleet.
Lord Bodolzaa is a cautious individual.
Perhaps it would be best if we handed the prisoners over to him directly.
Very well.
Anyway, protecting me was your mission!
How could you be in a Battroid and get beaten by an unarmed man?
I can't believe they let you command your own team!
You're kidding! Even the vacuum of space doesn't kill these monsters!
I wonder what's going on?
That's what I'd like to know!
Lieutenant! Leader! Are you both okay?
Don't these giants have any decent repair technicians?
What's that?
A micro-video recorder. I guess it was too small for them to find.
Looks like bein' so big is a mixed blessing, huh?
What good is recording some video gonna do us?
What, you think we've got no chance of escaping?
She's right, Leader!
Calculation of spatial transfer coordinates is complete.
Preparations for long-range fold are complete for all fold systems.
Our target is the region of the main Bodol fleet.
Commence fold navigation!
We're folding!
What?!
Fold signature detected!
One ship of the enemy fleet appears to have folded.
Just one ship? What is its position?
XP-128, YP-175.
That's close to where Lt. Hayase was conducting her recon.
Still no contact from Hayase?
No, sir.
There's no response from her escort, Vermilion Team, either.
I see.
Maybe they've been killed.
No! Lieutenant Hayase can't be dead!
But if they're not responding...
Maybe their comm gear is malfunctioning.
Ten days'til your debut, huh?
Wow, you're gonna be a singer! I'll have to get your autograph!
Cut it out, Riko!
Major Focker!
Hey...
Hello!
Hello!
Isn't Hikaru with you?
About that...
Just stay calm and hear me out.
Hikaru hasn't come back.
Hasn't come back?
He was providing escort on a recon mission, and now he's gone missing.
It can't be!
Look, it doesn't mean he's dead or...
Stop it! I don't want to hear any more!
Minmay!
Just let her go.
Hikaru...
Just how far out are we gonna go?
Good question. Maybe we're going to the giants' planet or something.
It sure is taking a long time. We've been folding for nearly an hour.
I'd guess ten days or so have passed on the Macross.
Ten days?!
Yes, time passes more slowly during a fold.
Ten days... I guess we'll miss Minmay's debut, huh?
Yeah, Minmay's debut...
I understand that next, you're going to try your hand at being a singer?
That's right. I've loved to sing ever since I was little,
so I'm going to give it all I've got!
Please give me your support, everyone!
So? What kind of song is it?
It's kinda funny.
It's called,'My Boyfriend Is a Pilot.'
I think it's some kind of joke.
A joke?
Maybe I'll give you a private concert sometime.
You sure seem busy.
I sure am! I hardly have time to sleep.
Wow. Well, it looks like I'll get some leave next Sunday,
so can you get away?
I'm sorry.
Next Sunday's my debut.
They've set the date for your debut?
Yup, they're having me go on'The Sunday Show' that day.
No kidding!
It starts at 9:00 PM, so make sure you watch, okay?
You got it. I promise!
You better!
You better!
You better!
I guess I won't be able to keep that promise after all.
We've dropped out of fold space.
Maybe we've reached our destination.
Those are all spaceships?
I've never seen a fleet this big...
What's that?
A skirmish?
No, the closer we get, you can see that thing is large.
It's big enough to swallow up the Earth!
Whoops!
The female miclones aboard the enemy ship carried out strange activities in military uniforms that left most of their bodies exposed!
When I watched them, I felt the inside of my chest grow hot!
That's right!
The legendary reaction weaponry and a ship that carries both men and women?
Perhaps we've encountered something rather ominous.
Ominous, sir?
Yes...
I will see the prisoners. Prepare your observation room.
You're coming aboard my ship, my Lord?
These alien miclones must not be allowed in the main core.
Understood.
It cannot be the Protoculture...
I am Bodolzaa, Supreme Commander of the Zentradi 118th Main Fleet.
There are some things I wish to ask you.
They know our language!
What's going on here?
My Lord, the translation device appears to be working properly.
Good. When did you people make contact with the Supervision Army?
Supervision Army?
You ever heard of that army, Leader?
I just joined the military myself, so I don't really know.
Just joined the military?
What did you do before that?
What do you mean? We were civilians.
Ci-vil-ians?
What does civilian mean?
Someone who doesn't fight in wars.
Doesn't fight in wars?!
The universe overflows with conflict, and it is in battle that one finds life!
It's in battle that one finds life...
It seems that we need to change our line of questioning.
Are there really people aboard your ship who do not fight?
And how can your men and women live together?
Men and women together? What are you...
Kakizaki!
I don't intend to answer any more questions!
Well, it's better than nothing, I guess.
You must be their commander.
None of you appreciate the situation you're in.
We have enough power to destroy your ship and your world in an instant.
Take a look at that planet.
What have you done?!
Do you want the same thing to happen to your homeworld?
That's...
What is it?
Something's strange. They have that kind of power, so why haven't they launched an all-out attack on the Macross and the Earth?
I will ask you once more: Do these civilians really exist?
And how can men and women coexist on the same ship?
Civilians... Men and women...
Maybe we have something that they don't.
If you don't answer, I'll destroy your ship and your planet!
If you really think you can, then go ahead and try!
What did you say?
Lieutenant!
Let me handle this.
We have powers you know nothing about!
Silence!
Lieutenant!
What the hell do you think you're doing?!
Stay where you are.
How soft. To think that fragile miclones like this dare to defy us.
Tell me, why did you go through the trouble of becoming a miclone?
If you don't tell me why you became a miclone, I'll kill you.
Stop it! We were born with these bodies!
Born with them?
And just where were you born from?
From our mothers, of course!
Mothers?
Our female parents!
From a woman? You're saying you were born from a woman?
But how?
How? You don't even know that?
A man and a woman make love, and together they make a baby.
Make love? How is this done?
Well, they kiss and hold each other, and...
And that is how miclones are born? You two, show me this kissing.
Give me a break! Two guys can't do that!
If you don't, then I'll crush you too!
Wait!
I'll do it.
You? Very well.
2nd Lieutenant Ichijo, kiss me.
This is our chance to see how the enemy reacts!
Then do it with Kakizaki!
I'd rather it was you.
Still, you can't just say something like that and...
Do it now!
That's an order! Hurry!
Okay, fine!
Here goes.
I'm sorry, Minmay.
Protoculture...!
Protoculture?
What's going on?
Someone! Take these things away immediately!
It's them!
It sure is strange...
I can't believe they could get that shocked just by seeing the two of you kiss.
I know.
They have the power to destroy planets in the blink of an eye, and yet...
And what the heck is that Protoculture thing he mentioned?
I don't know. If we could get back to the Macross and analyze this data...
If we could get back to the Macross, huh?
All we know is that they don't have civilians in their society,
that men and women live separately, and that they don't bear children.
If I lived in a society where I couldn't hang out with women, I'd wanna die!
Right, Leader?
Yeah...
What was that just now?
Why did something so small give us such a shock?
Perhaps it was a response to something in our unconscious minds.
Our unconscious...
It felt the same as when we saw those signals from the enemy ship.
Yeah, maybe even stronger.
Lord Bodolzaa...
What?
Just what is this Protoculture?
If you repeat what I am about to say, you will be executed immediately.
Understand?
Yes, sir!
Protoculture is something related to our most distant ancestors.
Ancestors?
Yes, it is said that in the time of the Protoculture,
we had bodies of only miclone size.
Men and women lived together, and they had something called culture.
Culture?
Yes, but the records of the Protoculture were lost,
so we know little of their world or their civilization.
Lost?
It is said that any fleet that comes into contact with the Protoculture
rapidly becomes unable to fight, and is destroyed.
Why?
If we knew that, we wouldn't be facing this problem.
A world where men and women live together...
Do you suppose the secret is hidden in this love thing?
You won't be coming back, will you, Hikaru?
Miss Minmay! You're on!
Coming!
And next up, it's the newcomer you've all been waiting for!
Miss Lynn Minmay!
Here she is with her debut song, My Boyfriend is a Pilot! Enjoy!
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Shining, making a rapid descent
then BOOM! he makes a sudden climb
Leaving a long trail of vapor
He traces two big hearts
A love sign in the big, blue sky
I love you, you love me?
But he's head over heels
For his plane instead of me
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Next Episode
Preview
Hikaru, Misa, Max, and Kakizaki plan to escape and deliver the valuable data they've gathered on the Zentradi to their allies.
But being in the middle of a massive enemy fleet and unsure of their location,
their chances of getting back to the Macross are practically zero.
BIG ESCAPE
BIG ESCAPE
I won't follow it anymore,
The shadow you cast as you run away.
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
