Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
BROKEN HEART
Enemy missiles closing in!
We're reading a metallic signature at 1 o'clock, range 10 km!
A metallic signature? I wonder if it's the enemy base?
Enemy missiles, twenty seconds to impact!
Enemy missiles are closing in! Skull 5, 6, and 7, intercept at once!
Skull Leader, we're reading a metallic signature at the missile launch site.
Input the data and attack!
Roger!
Now it's our turn!
ATTACK!
I'm not getting any life signs.
There's no one here.
Looks like those missiles were an automated attack system.
The guys who were here must have really panicked.
They couldn't have left more than two or three hours ago.
Hayase here.
Commander, there's a large stash of weapons in the arms depot.
Roger. Go ahead and block off the depot, just to be safe.
Roger!
Looks like our job just got easier.
I sure hope so...
But won't they just do something reckless to get more weapons?
Knowing Kamujin?
This feeling of speed is the best!
Hey, are you bums keeping up?!
Lap'Lamiz!
You can go even faster!
You're in a good mood, Boss.
In a good mood, huh?
Yahoo!
You say I'm falling for him
Minmay!
But I love you more
Always together on Sunset Beach
A salt breeze blows, a big wave
He begins to occupy my heart...
Minmay, we've got to get out of here! Minmay!
This way!
Ow!
What do you think you're doing?!
Behave yourselves.
Bastard! What are you doing with Minmay?!
Hey...
It's got nothing to do with you losers.
Come on, let's get the hell out of this town.
It's been a long time, old man Global.
How you been?
I'm fine.
But what do you want?
Take a look at this.
See?
Oh, my!
And another one.
Bastard!
Minmay!
What's the meaning of this?!
You know who these two are, yes? Kaifun and Minmay?
If you value their lives, you will give me a warship by 0600 hours tomorrow.
What?
We can't do that!
You can't? Then by six AM tomorrow, these two will be goners!
Scared ya, didn't I? Serves you right!
No! You can't give these people a...
Oh, be quiet.
If that ship is worth handing over to them, then...
just destroy it!
Kaifun!
Well, you can do what he says or what I say, it's up to you.
Give us a little time.
Fine.
Boss, don't forget.
Oh, and make sure it comes fully equipped, okay?
How could this have happened?
You're amazin', Boss!
Taking these two prisoner and trading'em for a warship!
No, I just learned how to do things the Earth way.
Well, it's up to the military now.
This is all part of the plan, but I really can't stand waiting.
I want to see war and chaos!
I want some stimulation!
Maybe in the meantime, you can be my toy.
Time drifts away
love drifts away
Standing before me, a sad look on your face
I know you're going off to war
All the men, toge...
Is that what you thought I'd do?
We're not so unsophisticated that you can fool us like that anymore!
Unsophisticated? Did I hear that right?
Don't laugh!
You surprised us with your songs
but that was back before we knew the first thing about culture!
Surprised? That was all it was?
That's right. Did you really think your songs have the power to move people?
We'd just never heard one before, that's all.
But those idiots got themselves all riled up about culture.
You turned them into a bunch of cowards!
The hostage! The hostage!
Oops, you're right.
She isn't dead, is she? I forgot she was our valuable hostage.
Hey, Lap'Lamiz. Cut that out.
Fine, but just a little more...
Whoopsy!
Stop it!
Such a cultured game, wouldn't you say?
Sir!
Yes, Brigadier General Motokov?
The Zentradi have never taken hostages and demanded anything like this before.
I see. We humans have influenced them once again, eh?
Giving those people a battleship is completely unacceptable!
We should launch an all-out strike to prevent this from happening again!
The problem is that the hostages are celebrities.
If we ignore this demand and they end up getting killed, the media...
Our governmental authority still isn't firmly established.
We must avoid agitating the public!
There's still plenty of time left before 0600 tomorrow.
I'm sure we can come up with an idea or two before then.
Got it.
The 103rd Destroid Platoon has its garrison there,
so it looks like this will be a joint operation, and you'll be in command.
Okay, understood.
I'll go over the mission details one more time and then start issuing orders.
Okay, be careful. I'll be waiting for you with some rose tea.
Thanks.
Get me our escort, Captain Ichijo.
Roger.
This is Cheshire Cat. Skull Leader, please respond.
This is Skull Leader. Have you found them, Major?
Our worst predictions have come true.
Kamujin's up to something?
He's taken hostages in lonesco City and is demanding a battleship for their return.
He doesn't fool around, does he?
And here we've spent all this time looking for him...
So, who are the hostages?
There are two of them: Kaifun and...
Minmay?!
I'm sorry. Is Minmay okay?
Yes, as of right now, she's fine.
Anyway, we're going to coordinate with a nearby Destroid platoon and...
Thank goodness she's okay.
Captain Ichijo!
Huh? Yes, ma'am!
This is going to be a joint operation with another unit.
I'll inform you of the details later. Understood?
Uh, yeah, for the most part.
Over and out!
What is she so mad about?
Anyway, I can't believe he took Minmay hostage!
Say, do you really think Kamujin will fall for this?
We've already been over this a dozen times.
This is Kamujin we're talking about. He'll fall for it.
But what if he doesn't?
So you'd rather surround the city and start attacking
while I slip in and rescue the hostages?!
That idea the top brass came up with has no regard for the hostages' lives
so if that's the plan that gets used, you can count me out!
You're in command, so...
Look, there's a way that things are done in the field, all right?
Watch that tone!
I've been put in charge of this operation!
Who cares about that?!
The lives of the hostages take top priority!
You sure get worked up over Minmay, don't you?
Huh?
Would you be like this if I were the hostage?
Idiot!
How can you joke around like that when peoples' lives are at stake?!
Requesting instructions, ma'am.
Launch Valkyrie squadron. Head for the rendezvous point.
Destroid platoon, stand by to scramble.
Hey, Lap'Lamiz.
You're amazing, ma'am!
Maybe I'll have another.
You're a good drinker. I like that!
I'm just getting started!
It's no use. It won't budge.
I can't believe how hard they shoved those things in.
Do you think someone will help us?
I don't know. I can't imagine the military just handing over a battleship for us.
If this isn't handled right, we might be left to fend for ourselves.
No, that's not right!
If that's what it comes to, we don't have much choice.
I wonder if Hikaru will come save us?
Okay, let's try talking to them.
Forget it, it's hopeless.
It's not hopeless! They're humans, just like us!
No matter what happens, you're nothing but talk, aren't you?
Everyone! What good will a battleship do you?
Will you start another war and cause the deaths of your brothers?
War accomplishes absolutely nothing!
You all know the pointlessness of war.
But now you've come into contact with culture, yes?
Why throw away that culture?
That peace?
Go back to living your lives according to culture!
Simply obeying your destructive impulses is no kind of life!
Culture, culture! You're one annoying fool, you know that?
We know how to make culture.
Make culture?
That's right. Hey, Lap'Lamiz.
Huh? What?
Get it? This is how you make culture!
Boss, I'm sorry to interrupt while you're making culture...
But some of our guys are calling in and asking for help.
What?!
Just when the culture was getting good.
We'll pick up from there later!
Kamujin! We heard you were in lonesco City, and...
What's going on?!
I think I'm okay.
Anyway, we came here hoping you'd let us join you,
but we were spotted by a patrol unit!
Please help us, Kamujin!
Help us, Kamuji...
We'll help you. Just hang in there!
All right, men, we're heading out!
It's time to get rid of all that anger we've been keepin' in!
Hey, so how was that?
Okay, I guess. Here, I got it.
Oh, thanks.
Today's culture sure is tasty!
You're taking all these men? That's almost all of them.
I'm not cut out for waiting. Neither are they.
Nothing beats a fight!
I can hardly wait!
So, the culture will have to wait till later...
I'll let you take the Glauj. Do you want to come?
I can come with you?
You won't slow us down at all, will you?
But what will you pilot?
Oh, I've got something good to ride.
All right, men! Let's go save our comrades!
Yes!
Hey, a kick to the side means move forward, right?
Doesn't it mean turn right?
It doesn't matter! If we don't get moving, the boss is gonna...
Move forward, you stupid bastards!
See? I told you it meant advance, didn't I?
It would be easier if he just told us though.
I guess he wants to do like how he saw in that Western film.
The units in lonesco City have just moved out.
Roger!
103rd Destroid Platoon, what's your status?
All green!
We've come to help you!
What the...?
Damn! It's a trap!
Now they've done it! Crush them all!
Kamujin's forces and the Destroid Monsters of the 103rd have commenced hostilities.
The mouse has fallen into the hole.
Roger.
There are only three Regulds around your target, the hall.
Roger. Commencing low-level run.
Minmay, I'll get you out safely, no matter what.
Are you okay, Minmay?
That voice... Is that you, Hikaru?
Thank you, Hikaru.
Why did you choose such a dangerous plan to rescue us?
There must have been other options!
We took what we believed was the best course of action.
We gave top priority to the lives of the hostages.
I'm sick of hearing about your priorities!
You soldiers are just...
Stop it!
Hikaru and the others worked hard to save us, Kaifun.
Hikaru...
Minmay... It's been six months, hasn't it?
Hikaru...
You're always in my heart.
Minmay, you always shine so bright.
Minmay...
Damn! Out of ammo, huh?
We're out of ammunition too!
Damn it! I'm out of ammo!
So try some of this!
Lap'Lamiz! Are you all right?
I'm okay.
Don't push yourself.
I guess this is it. We're out of ammunition.
Listen up, you bums! Retreat! Retreat!
I'll have Captain Ichijo help out.
But!
It's all right. If he has time to hang all over her, he's got time for this.
Sorry, Captain Ichijo,
but Kamujin's men are on the run and I'd like you to help hunt them down.
We've rescued the hostages, isn't that enough?
No, it's not!
Then ask someone else to do it!
And here I thought you were a squadron commander.
All right, fine! You want me to go, I'll go!
And hurry.
Understood.
I'm sorry. It's been so long since we've seen each other.
It's all right. Give it your best.
And be careful!
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
Now, I know...
I'm sure...
But we still can't see the goal
Yes, I know I can return...
Hikaru's feelings.
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
Next Episode
Preview
Misa agonizes over her inability to be up-front about her feelings.
Claudia, worrying about Misa, tells her about her own experiences,
experiences that involve a young Claudia and Focker.
RAINY NIGHT
RAINY NIGHT
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
