Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
LONELY SONG
Some two years have passed since the fierce battle between the Earth UN Forces and the Bodol main fleet.
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Shining, making a rapid descent
Then BOOM! he makes a sudden climb
Leaving a long trail of vapor
The few that survived have risen up from despair
and have gradually returned to a peaceful, civilian way of life.
That's it! I've had it!
I'm sick of this!
Hey! Stop it! Just stop!
Shut up! Leave me alone!
I've had it with this stupid crap!
Dammit!
I'm sayin' rigzinalo to this dump!
Hey, utema!
Unable to adapt to life on Earth and not knowing to do with their lives,
the number of disgruntled Zentradi grows larger each day.
And here she is, Miss Lynn Minmay!
What's wrong, Minmay?!
I'm sorry. Once more from the top, please.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
And my apologies for calling you down here when you're so busy.
It sounds like I'm not going to like this report.
When you hear the conclusion that I and the staff and have reached, no.
You were terrible out there.
Sorry.
This makes me worried about the charity concert tomorrow.
I'll sing fine tomorrow.
There just weren't many people in the audience tonight and it threw me a little at first.
This is an exclusive restaurant. It's no surprise.
Couldn't you have lowered my performance fee a little?
We should take money from those who have it.
But...
I mean, we're sharing it with those who aren't so fortunate.
We're even donating half of the proceeds from the charity concert tomorrow.
Listen, why don't we just donate all of it?
I told you, we're professionals.
It's only natural that you should be paid to sing.
But we already have plenty of money.
It's not enough to make our dreams come true.
Didn't we promise that we'd build a big concert hall together?
Come on, take off that makeup.
What do you say we go treat ourselves to some good food, huh?
I don't know what I'm singing for anymore.
Stop talking nonsense. I'll bring the car around back.
What are you hungry for?
To my dad's place?
I'm always on tour, so I haven't been back there at all.
I'm not going.
Then I'll go by myself!
I'm sorry, but I'll go by myself if I have to.
But how?
I'll think of something. And I'll be back in time for the concert.
Okay, fine. I'll take you.
But just to the edge of town.
Kaifun!
Give Dad my best when you see him.
Based on this data, we have concluded that if we trace our origins back to their source
Earth people and Zentradi are virtually identical species.
I knew it...
It is almost certain that both Earth people and Zentradi are descendants of the Protoculture.
Is that so?
In going over all the data and examining our respective roots, we found one shared trait after another.
The fact that we both enjoy waging war.
I don't think that's right.
Well, at the very least, we humans don't fight because we enjoy it.
If we come under attack, we'll fight to protect ourselves, but...
That's just a rationalization.
Humans have waged war on one another for all of recorded history, long before the attack from outer space.
There has always been a war somewhere on Earth.
Humanity is clearly a belligerent species.
I think your numbers and other data are distorting the facts.
Numbers do not lie!
Just a moment.
We are here today to report the data from our analysis.
Please keep your personal opinions out of this.
Yes, sir.
At any rate, what could have caused nearly identical species to split into humanity and Zentradi?
I believe that going forward, that will be the focus of our research.
Indeed. As to what future our way of life will lead to,
we cannot be certain.
I don't care what happens,
there's no way that humans will end up like the Zentradi.
I'm back!
Minmay!
Auntie!
It's so good to see you!
Oh, but don't you have to work today?
Nope! How's your job going, Mr. Mayor?
Yeah, it's goin' great, thanks to you!
Uncle, I was hoping I could impose on you for tonight.
What're ya talkin' about? This place is your home, Minmay!
Thank you!
Warms your heart, don't it?
Minmay may be a celebrity now, but she hasn't changed a bit!
She sure hasn't.
Yeah, you got that right.
No way! That makes it sound like I haven't grown up at all!
Nah, that ain't the case, neither!
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot!
What... What am I even singing for?
Hikaru!
Hikaru...
Minmay!
You in there?
Hikaru? Is that you, Hikaru?
Minmay, I'm sorry about today.
You couldn't help it. After all, you're a soldier.
And about your present...
Here!
Wow, it's so pretty! I can really have this?
Yeah!
Minmay!
Hikaru!
Good morning.
G'morning!
It's Lynn Minmay!
Huh?
Hey, Loli! Gimme a hand here!
Hey! I've got news! Big news!
What's up, Conda?
I hear Minmay's back at Nyan-Nyan!
Really?!
Uh-huh! I heard it over at the Mayor's!
But Minmay has a concert tonight in Stone City, doesn't she?
If she leaves this morning, she'll make it with time to spare.
Damn! If I'd known, I would have gone to eat at Nyan-Nyan!
This isn't on her private schedule...
Hey, Loli! We aren't a bunch of gossip columnists.
We run an upstanding laundry business! Now get to work!
Minmay!
Hi!
Minmay!
Minmay, could... could you autograph these?
Warera, those belong to our customers!
We can just buy'em new ones, right?!
Yeah! All right!!
Me too! Hey, wait a second!
You, wait! No, me! Me!
And what about me?!
You can't just go flyin' off the handle like that!
Shut up and leave us alone.
But I can't do that!
Yes! Yes, that's right.
Two Zentradi have suddenly gone on a rampage.
Yes! They're trying to take our food or something!
Who was she talking to?!
Honey!
You can't try goin' against'em like that!
Oh, Major Hayase!
Good morning.
What brings you out so early?
I was just a little worried.
About what?
The city.
You too, Major?
Huh? You were as well?
Being out with my patrol unit sort of makes me worry about things.
Well, at least I'm getting some jogging in while I'm at it.
Lately, the city seems restless somehow.
Yeah, I hope we don't get a big riot or something.
Me too.
Oh, Major, I put those pictures of you in my album.
Really?
But don't take it the wrong way...
What's wrong?
Wait! Minmay!
Shut the hell up!
Stop!
Stop, I said!
Ah! Li'l Hikaru!
What happened?
Well, they...
I've had it with all this work!
I told ya, if you're unhappy, we'll listen to what ya have to say!
There's nothing to talk about!
If they start gettin' crazy, there ain't nothing we can do!
If you resist, we will use lethal force!
1st Lt. Dern! Wait!
Captain Ichijo!
They're unarmed!
I want to hear what you have to say.
I know you're having trouble living here.
The military government will listen to your complaints!
Listen, all of you! If you really want what's best for us
send us back to the Zentradi forces right now!
I want to fight a war!
Can you do that for us?
Well?!
Out with it!
Can you do it or not?!
Let us fight a war!
Hey! Say something!
There's no guarantee that the Zentradi won't attack the Earth again.
So that's impossible right now.
If you can't, then quit talkin' to us like you actually care!
Prepare to fire!
No!
Don't shoot!
So long.
You're going to regret it!
You used to think that culture was great!
Didn't you come because Lynn Minmay's songs moved you?
Why won't you stick with it?
You've worked so hard!
You can keep at it!
Looks like we'll be seeing more Zentradi who can't adjust to life here.
What will they do now that they've run away?
Starve to death. Or steal from others.
I wonder which one?
What? More of them have wandered off?
Yes, sir. According to our information, disgruntled elements have been
quitting their jobs in cities all over and by now may number over 10,000.
Interesting.
So waiting in this hellhole for the past two years has been worth it!
Right?
Everyone got all carried away by this culture thing, but their excitement didn't last.
Just like I thought!
That's right.
We can do it.
If this keeps up, we can create a force that will give those earth people a rather nasty shock.
You got that right.
Listen up, men!
Find everyone who's left the cities and bring them back here!
Yessir!
There will be no more sneaking around.
We move now in broad daylight!
And tell whoever's been micloned that if they join Lord Kamujin,
he will restore them to their former state!
Long live Kamujin!
Mr. Kaifun!
Will Minmay be much longer?
She'll be here.
She's on in ten minutes!
She'll be here! She would never blow off an engagement.
That may be so, but she's supposed to be here thirty minutes before showtime!
And what about you?
You call yourself a promoter when this is all the people you can get?
She's here!
Minmay's here!
You're late!
I'm sorry.
There aren't as many in the audience as we'd expected.
Oh?
It's pathetic.
It doesn't matter how many people there are.
I want to sing better than before.
Huh?
I want to sing my songs for myself.
Sing my songs...
for myself?
L-O-V-E! Lovely Minmay!
L-O-V-E! Lovely Minmay!
L-O-V-E! Lovely Minmay!
Time drifts away
What I am about to say is part of a top-secret project.
Love drifts away
It doesn't leave this room.
Yes, sir.
Last night, we finally located the Zentradi Factory Satellite, an automated plant for the construction of space vessels.
Standing before me, a sad look on your face
This satellite is able to build spaceships completely autonomously.
I know you're going off to war
I want you to go and capture that factory.
The Zentradi forces may well come to attack us again.
All the men, together, as if possessed
For the sake of our defense, we must obtain as many spacecraft as we can!
I hope you understand.
With mouths pulled tight, with eyes burning
They march in step
I know I'll be left behind
All for war
All for pride
Time drifts away
Love drifts away
And I rot away
Next Episode
Preview
Hikaru and the others, having organized a joint force with Britai, depart on an expedition to capture the Zentradi Factory Satellite.
Max and Milia also elect to bring Maria, their baby daughter, along on the mission.
VIVA MARIA
VIVA MARIA
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
