Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
will set out on their journey as the war rages on
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness, they fly toward
that blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross! Macross!
Two months have passed since the Macross, just prior to its launch ceremony,
executed a sudden space fold and was instantly transported inside the orbit of Pluto.
The Macross is currently headed back to Earth.
It fended off a Zentradi attack by making a transformation,
but the change in the ship's structure
caused a great deal of casualties among the refugees on board.
However, the people have since rebuilt their city,
DAEDALUS ATTACK
and for the moment, things are peaceful once again.
Meanwhile, having volunteered for military service,
Hikaru Ichijo has been undergoing the rigorous training of a new recruit.
Then, at last, came the day of his first leave.
Here, let me carry that.
No, I've got it!
But, it looks bad.
Makes no difference to me.
Sorry...
Wow, they're so pretty!
Hang on a second!
Would you come look at them with me?
Huh? You want me to go in THAT store?!
Well, do what you like.
No choice, huh?
No peeking.
Come right in!
Thanks, we will.
Um, where's your lingerie corner?
Right this way, please.
For crying out loud... Huh?
Wow, this is cute! What do you think?
It looks great!
Let's come back some other time.
Come back any time!
What do you think, Hikaru?
What are you doing?
Oh! I think it really suits you.
This is it? That abnormal energy reaction you mentioned?
Yes, Captain. It's a phenomenon we haven't seen before.
This is where the Fold System used to be, isn't it?
Could there be some connection between the two?
Sir. It's possible that the disappearance of the Fold System resulted in
a distortion of the space-time continuum.
Well? Is it interfering with any of the ship's systems?
Not at the moment, no.
Very well. Continue with your analysis.
Captain.
If we can harness this energy, I believe we could create some kind of barrier.
Is that possible?
Yes, sir.
Very well. Get started on it immediately.
Aye, sir!
Well? Do you have an explanation?
I've analyzed it from every angle,
but I just can't see the necessity of adopting this configuration.
However...
taking this shape would compromise their gravity control system,
greatly limiting their speed.
Continue playback, sir?
No, that's enough. Return to the original image.
Yes, sir!
What planet is that?
The fifth planet in this star system, sir.
I believe they'll try to lose us in its vicinity.
That is a possibility.
If they activate their ECM within those rings,
it will be impossible for us to pinpoint their location.
That plan is almost too obvious.
Your opinion, sir?
Let them attempt to carry out their plan.
When they run to the planet, we'll have them like vermin in a hole.
Uncle!
Auntie!
What's wrong, Minmay?
Look! Hikaru's back!
It's been about a month, hasn't it?
Maybe it's my imagination, but you look so grown up now!
Training you pretty hard, huh?
Come on, sit down. And you guys, too. Hikaru isn't on display, you know.
It looks like business is good.
Ah, it's nothing really.
Anyway, eat up while they're still hot.
Hikaru! There you are!
You're about to get the order to sortie.
Get back to the barracks.
Yeah! The orders just came down.
Five recruits were formally assigned to combat duty.
And you're one of'em.
Huh?!
Wow! Congratulations, Hikaru!
M-Me...?
Don't just sit there. Come on!
Well, see you all later!
Good luck!
As of today, you're a real soldier.
You'll even be moving from your communal room in the barracks to a private one.
However, just because you have your own room
doesn't mean you can do any stupid thing you want. You got that?
Sempai, I'm not like you.
Aren't you...?
Oh, you know 1st Lt. Hayase?
Um, well, kinda...
Oh, man! It's that guy!
Ooh! Mr. Lingerie!
What are you talking about?
Well, we were in this lingerie shop, and...
What? No way!
So, Major Focker, is THIS the fine recruit you've taken under your wing?
That's correct.
Hikaru Ichijo, ma'am!
I'm Misa Hayase. Hikaru Ichijo?
Where have I heard that name before...?
So, this is the civilian?
That would explain why he didn't know anything.
Hey, what's with the old lady?
'Old lady'?!
So, even Hikaru thinks she looks like an old lady?
You're that civilian!
And you're that old lady!
Ulp! Excuse me, ma'am!
Well, she's your superior now, so you'd better watch what you say.
Aye, aye!
I look forward to working with you in the future.
By the way, I don't know what you're into,
but it doesn't look good for a man to be going into those kinds of shops.
Now, if you'll excuse me.
Pervert!
Captain, electronic counter-measures are now active.
I don't think they'll be able to track us for a while.
What next, sir?
We launch a surprise attack.
A surprise attack?
A surprise attack, sir?
Captain...
Once we leave Saturn, they'll be after us again.
I want to launch a sudden attack, and then disengage.
But, captain...!
I'm fully aware that it's a risk.
Yes, sir.
We'll reduce speed and begin preparations for the attack.
Ow...!
Tomorrow, we will be luring the enemy force into Saturn's rings
and then hit them with a surprise attack.
I expect you to show me your hearts as true pilots.
That is all.
If there's anyone you want to see, say your goodbyes to them tonight!
Dismissed!
I'm sorry! Waiting long?
Not really.
So, what's the big emergency?
I'm going into battle tomorrow morning.
Wow, really?
Your first day as a soldier, huh?
Minmay...
You're a wonderful pilot.
I'm sure you'll do great.
I mean, everyone's already says that about you.
What's wrong?
Oh, it's nothing.
Hey, Hikaru.
Look.
Wow, you look so lady-like.
After I went and wore the dress we bought together!
I'm sorry. It really looks good on you.
You mean it?
Yeah.
I'm so glad!
Why don't we get a picture to remember this by?
Oh, but I never look good in photos...
That's not true at all. Come stand over here.
Camera!
Okay, get ready.
Not too bad.
It did a good job.
Well, I'd better be getting back.
If I'm out alone with a guy for too long, my aunt and uncle get worried.
Oh...
Yeah. Well, be careful out there.
I wish we could talk longer, but good luck tomorrow.
See you. Bye-bye!
Bye.
Tomorrow...
Captain, we can now activate the barrier system.
Oh, really?
However, the energy field simply can't completely cover the Macross.
I see. The Macross is too big. The system has its limits.
Captain, this isn't an ideal solution, but... Please observe.
If the enemy attacks, we can raise the barrier like this.
Then, should an attack approach one of our vulnerable points,
we can move the barrier to intercept, like so.
I see.
The positioning is controlled by the barrier system team.
We're calling the device the Pinpoint Barrier.
Well done.
What a measly barrier, huh?
Come in.
I figured you'd still be up.
Sempai.
You'll be up early tomorrow.
But...
I know how nervous you are,
but count sheep or something and just go to sleep!
His first mission. I'm not surprised.
The hours just before a battle are the worst of all.
Minmay, I can't sleep.
Attention Valkyrie squadrons.
The surprise attack will take place in the Cassini Divide.
Squadrons will assemble into seven groups and stand by in the ice rings.
Repeat, the surprise attack will take place in the Cassini Divide.
Sleep well?
Yeah, sort of.
I was the same way before my first mission.
Well, one night without sleep won't kill you.
Sempai.
All Valkyrie squadrons, report to the Prometheus and confirm personnel.
Valkyrie Skull Squadron, launch!
Valkyrie...
Valkyrie Skull Squadron No. 23, Hikaru Ichijo, now launching.
Roger.
Orange, Purple, and Rose Valkyrie teams: advance into the rings...
Lure the enemy ships into range of the main cannon.
Why's everyone flying so dangerously?
Skull 23! Why are you playing around like that?
Weren't you paying attention at the briefing?!
That kind of fancy flying will give you away to the enemy!
This isn't an aerobatics show!
But the others were all flying really dangerously, so I...
Be quiet and follow your orders!
Okay, I got it!
Is that any way to talk to a superior?!
Take a look around you, Mister! You're the only one who's goofing off!
Roger, roger...
This is going to be tougher than I thought.
Skull Leader to all units.
We'll soon be heading into the planet's shadow zone.
Watch out for ice. And keep your eyes on your instruments!
So, that's the shadow zone, huh?
Skull 23.
Your speed's dropping.
Easy for you to say. I can't see a thing out here!
Oh, dear. What happened to all that confidence you had earlier?
How come I have to get bossed around by some old lady
who's sitting somewhere nice and safe?
I do hope he'll stop insulting his superior officers
by the time the attack starts.
It's all right. It doesn't bother me.
Hayase, how long until the Valkyrie squadrons reach their targets?
About five more minutes, sir.
Good. Once the enemy ship enters the rings, we'll fire the main gun.
Sound firing stations.
Yes, sir.
You called me, Commander Britai?
Captain Zeril, I want you to approach the sixth planet and capture the enemy vessel.
Sir!
Preferably undamaged.
Understood.
Here it comes!
Commence attack!
As weak as they are, they dare to attack us?!
Their grasp of battle tactics is laughable!
They haven't realized we're holding back in order to capture their vessel.
It's time we show them how terrifying we can be!
The enemy vessel is approaching, within the main gun's starboard firing arc.
We have a lock!
Good! Raise the ship and fire the main gun!
It's the enemy ship!
Firing main cannon.
What's wrong?!
We can't fire the main gun!
The Pinpoint Barrier system seems to be preventing it from operating somehow!
I don't believe it.
Incoming missiles! Activate the Pinpoint Barrier!
Aye!
Oh, no! I'll never make it!
No, don't attack from the side! Come from the front!
What IS that?
Make a fool of me, will you?!
Agh, not that way!
We're completely surrounded.
Captain, Valkyrie Teams Green and Brown have been wiped out!
Rose Team is under heavy attack.
Then it's all up to Skull Squadron.
Thanks, Hikaru!
Sempai, why isn't the Macross firing the main gun?
We can't take much more.
Captain, would it be possible to concentrate all the energy
from the Pinpoint Barrier to the front of the Daedalus?
I think we could, but...
Please do it! I have an idea!
Very well. I leave it to you.
Kim, Shammy. Assemble all the Destroids at the bow of the Daedalus!
Right!
Claudia! Send the Macross straight toward the enemy ship!
Understood!
Ow...!
An airlock...
The enemy ship is closing in!
Fire! Blast them to pieces!
Daedalus Attack!
What is that?!
Wha... What's going on?!
It worked!
Yeah.
That was great!
The Daedalus Attack!
I could really become a fan of yours!
We may need to call in reinforcements.
With the destruction of the mother ship, the battle pod pilots lost their will to fight,
and were soon defeated.
Of course, it goes without saying that Focker, Hikaru, and the others
also played an important role in the enemy's defeat.
However, try as he might,
Hikaru could not erase the image of the terrified soldier's face from his mind.
At that moment, when faced with a flesh-and-blood person,
Hikaru had found himself unable to pull the trigger.
Focker-Sempai told him that he was no different at first.
Now able unflinchingly to pull the trigger against enemy ships,
Hikaru felt that somewhere in his heart, he was losing touch with his emotions.
Next Episode
Preview
Mars: home to an abandoned base from the Unification Wars.
The Macross sets course for Mars in search of supplies.
But for Misa, the planet brings back heartbreaking memories.
BYE-BYE MARS
BYE-BYE MARS
I won't follow it anymore,
the shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end,
but we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
the light that shines so far away
