Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
will set out on their journey as the war rages on
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness, they fly toward
that blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
BOOBY TRAP
The year was AD 1999.
The object that had suddenly crashed into the earth
was a gigantic space battleship over 1,200 meters in length.
The ship's technology was far in advance of mankind's own,
and while no trace of alien beings could be found aboard,
it was clear that extraterrestrial civilizations did indeed exist beyond our planet
and that they had made the stars their battlefield.
This prompted both the founding of the Earth United Nations Government,
which would take precedence over the interests of the individual nations,
and a concerted effort to restore the hulking spacecraft.
But the road to establishing the Earth UN Government wasn't an easy one,
and brush-fire wars sprang up across the world.
Despite this, restoration of the battleship progressed steadily.
Finally, the long and painful Unification Wars came to an end,
and the Earth was once again at peace.
In time, this wrecked craft of alien design was rebuilt by humanity,
and was reborn as the giant battleship Macross.
It is now ten years since the Macross crash-landed on Earth.
What's the matter, Mr. Mayor?
I was just thinking... Today may be the last day
we'll get to see the Macross. I'll miss its constant presence.
Still, I wonder if that monstrosity will even fly?
And I wonder what will happen to our local businesses?
Now, there's a VIP... someone who invested a lot in the Macross.
He's probably headed for the launch ceremony, don't you think?
What's with you, Captain Global? Got a hangover?
The citizens are out here to celebrate the launch of your ship.
Why aren't you showing some appreciation?
Huh? Oh, yes...
Oh! 1st Lieutenant Hayase!
It looks like the captain has arrived at the stage.
We have fifteen minutes until the ceremony starts.
We might just make it.
I wonder what the captain has been doing this whole time?
Probably out partying, don't you think?
He left last night saying something about the Earth Defense Council...
That sly old fox!
Not that you would do anything like...
Oh? Whatever do you mean?
You and Major Focker came home together this morning.
He's quite the celebrity around here.
Staying out all night won't affect my performance.
You may be fine, but the major has to fly escort for the Macross later!
Oh, that man can drink all night and not feel it a bit.
He always brags about shooting down five fighters in the Unification Wars while hung over.
Even so, if something were to happen...
He'll be fine! I guarantee it!
Or perhaps you'd like to take him off my hands?
You can have him! He's all yours!
Wow! Even OUR 1st Lieutenant is interested in men?!
I had no idea!
That's a terrible thing to say!
To think, 1st Lieutenant Hayase, the top graduate from the academy, is...
Why, you!
Look at the screen!
Small craft approaching on heading 1057, please state your affiliation, over.
This is Hikaru Ichijo, invitation number 1021. Over.
Confirmed. You were invited by Major Focker, I see.
Please proceed along vector 1069, over.
Roger!
We will now present an aerobatics demonstration performed by
our newest, most powerful fighter: the Valkyrie!
Commentary will be provided by the Ace of the Unification Wars...Major Roy Focker!
Please keep your eyes on planes 2 and 4.
They will pass each other at 950 km/h, only 20 meters above the ground!
What's more, the two planes will be just a few meters apart!
Hikaru! It's you, isn't it!
I know that voice... Sempai!
It's been a while! How have you been?
How have you been?! What a moron!
Hikaru! What the hell are you doing, puttering around up there?!
Huh? That's pretty cold, considering you were the one who sent me the invitation!
Nobody asked you to come buzzing in here in a prop plane!
I'm perfectly safe.
Safe my ass! Besides, you could never keep up with me, so don't go talking all big!
I won't always be in your shadow, Sempai.
Say what?
That idiot!
Dammit!
Sempai!
When did you get so g...
I mean, what the hell was that little stunt just now?!
It was just a boost to an inverted climb. You taught me that yourself, remember?
Of course, those military pilots were pretty good too.
Look, kid, don't get cocky just because you won
What about the other four or so times?
Seven times? Big deal!
In the Unification Wars, I shot down more than 180 planes!
Murderer!
M...Murderer? Look, it's not like I had a choice!
I was just doing my job.
But you made a promise to my dad, didn't you?
That you'd come back to the team once the war was over.
I know I let your dad down, and I'm sorry.
But once you start flying fighters...
Well, if you ever do, you'll understand.
You sure have changed, Sempai.
Cola! I wanna have a cola!
No! I'm not going to buy you any!
You just had some juice a while ago!
Cola! Cola!
It'll make you want to use the restroom! No!
I gotta pee!
You see? Here we go already!
I'm gonna pee my pants!
Oh, dear!
Well, that's one thing about you that sure hasn't changed!
Their de-fold signature was tracked here, to this planet?
That is correct, sir.
Any sign of a re-fold?
No, we have detected no indications of a second hyperspace jump.
But they should've been withdrawing from this region eight taarms ago...
Perhaps the signature is from some other ship that was shot down.
We don't have enough information to make a determination.
Send out a recon ship to investigate!
This is one of those new fighters, like the ones from before!
Hikaru, wanna take this baby up?
Can I really?
I'll be in the back seat with you.
Well? This is one of those fighter planes you hate so much.
It all depends on who's using it!
You never shut up, do you?
The Macross has ushered in vast improvements in individual welfare
and has profoundly contributed to the development of humankind.
Once the Macross is launched, Earth's defenses will finally be complete...
Captain Global.
We've just received a message from Space Carrier ARMD-I.
They've detected anomalies in the gravitational field
and luminescent phenomena originating in lunar orbit.
Gravitational anomalies and luminescent phenomena?
Just like ten years ago...
Let's go to the bridge.
Now, let me introduce the commander of the Macross, Captain Global!
Where are you going, Captain? Captain!
What is it?
Look! The ship's original systems have just activated themselves!
Huh?
Oh, no! It's entered firing mode!
Shut down all systems!
I can't! They're not responding!
What is going on?!
The main cannon is activating!
So, it was hiding on the planet after all.
Attention all ships! Advance into the strike zone!
The... The ship's systems are back under our control, Captain.
Now that was one flashy salute!
Something's not right... I'll go check things out.
Hikaru, you stay right here!
Sempai!
This is a Star-class code.
The beam from the main cannon has destroyed what appears to have been
a spaceship in lunar orbit, at a range of 280,000 km.
Multiple additional spacecraft detected and they're closing in rapidly!
Captain?!
We fell for it!
It was a booby trap!
A booby trap?
German troops often used them during the Second World War.
They would hide explosives in things that would get attention,
like pens or guns, and then they'd retreat, leaving those things behind.
When somebody picked the object up... BOOM!
I'll bet the aliens that crashed this ship planted a program
that controlled an automatic defense system.
Captain!
No smoking is allowed on the bridge!
Oh, brother...
Shammy!
All hands, Level One combat alert!
What... Just what were those weapons?!
Well, perhaps...
Out with it!
But no, it couldn't be.
Two enemy vessels approaching!
We believe they are the craft that launched the weapons!
Crush them!
They don't seem to be part of the Supervision Army.
Plow through them!
Message from ARMD-II.
ARMD-I is out of commission, and ARMD-II has sustained minor damage.
The enemy fleet has broken through the space defense perimeter
and is headed straight for us!
At the Earth Defense Council yesterday,
it was decided that if the Macross launched into space today
and were to eventually encounter an alien race
under no circumstances were we to initiate hostilities.
How ironic this is...
Launch all fighters!
Roger! All fighters, launch!
We are currently engaged in hostilities with alien forces.
This is not a drill!
I repeat, this is not a drill!
Another war, huh? It's been two years!
Ghost Squadrons, launch complete!
Major Focker! Launch the Valkyrie Squadrons!
Roger!
What? They're completely disorganized!
This must surely be a primitive species.
So they DID find the Supervision Army ship.
What's this?
This type of vessel is not in my records.
Not in your records? But you're the Chief Archivist!
What's more, it seems to resemble the weapons of this planet.
You can't mean that they found this ship and...
Restored it. Yes, it's quite possible.
Preposterous!
I can't believe that such a primitive species could possibly possess the lost technology!
It fits the facts. It would also explain the missiles we saw earlier.
The long-lost...
Reaction weaponry.
And if that's the case, we cannot justify destroying them.
J'nerl target pinpointed. Now launching!
VT-102!
VT-102 on the display grounds! Why haven't you taken off yet?
VT-102?
Huh?
Stop fooling around! Take off at once!
We're in the middle of a battle!
Take off?! But the runway's a mess!
Oh, well...
Here goes nothing!
This is Skull Leader.
scatter and take down the enemy in zone 428!
Sempai!
Focker-Sempai! Where are you?!
Is that you, Hikaru?
When did you become a fighter pilot?
You're joking! Like I'd ever become a fighter.
Hey! What's going on?! Hikaru!
You okay?
I think so.
Calm down, Hikaru. What happened to that hotshot attitude you had earlier?
Say, Hikaru. Flying in formation like this feels just like the old days, don't it?
How can you be so laid-back at a time like this?!
I was always in front, and you'd be puttering around behind me, right?
I told you before, didn't I? I'm not gonna be in your shadow forever!
That's the spirit. Follow me!
Hikaru!
Damn!
Damn it!
I swore that when I died, it'd be during a stunt, just like Dad.
VT-102!
You're on a collision course with us! Veer off at once!
It's no good!
It's no good at all!
The rudders and spoilers are fried, and nothing else is responding!
Why don't you just change to Configuration B?
Configuration B?
You don't know what that is?!
But that would mean...
Okay, pull the B lever on the left of your console and engage ACS!
Understood!
Huh?
I'm saved.
Still not clear what's happening around him, Ichijo finds himself drawn into the conflict.
Amidst the flames of battle awaits a fateful encounter: Lynn Minmay.
Hikaru has no way of knowing just how important...
COUNT DOWN
I won't follow it anymore,
the shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end,
but we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
the light that shines so far away
