Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Roughly two years have passed since the terrible war
between the Zentradi and the Earth UN Forces.
MY ALBUM
Most of the Earth has been devastated,
with the only survivors being those aboard the Macross,
a handful of civilians on the surface,
and a few members of the Zentradi army.
Flowers!
Plants!
Leader, please come in. Leader!
What's the matter?
Our squad leader isn't responding.
He's probably out of his Valkyrie and poking around the ruins.
That's just a waste of time. There aren't any survivors out here.
Having to fly this patrol every day is a waste of time too.
Hey, quit complaining.
Some of the Zentradi have started running wild in town so it's not like we have a choice.
Just think of it as a mission and get used to it.
Maybe those guys are just fed up.
Fed up?
Think about it.
Destruction was the only thing they lived for.
Then we go and tell them they have to build things?
This has gotta be tough on them.
Some of them are bound to get fed up because they can't adjust.
I guess you're right.
That's probably what makes'em go and stir up trouble with us humans.
Well, let's take our time doing our rounds and hope nothing comes up.
Okay, all done.
Maybe I should start charging him.
No, that wouldn't work. He doesn't ask me, I just do it on my own.
Some things never change.
Sempai, I'm still in the military.
What's the matter, Hikaru?
Wipe that pitiful look off your face!
You signed up because you wanted to protect Minmay, right?
What's she up to now?
Minmay, huh?
Come to think of it, I haven't seen her in a while.
You haven't even seen her?!
What, you got yourself another woman, did you?
Is that true, Hikaru?
The reason I joined the military was that I love women.
Protecting the woman you love...
Is that a great job or what?
Protect the woman you love...
A great job...
The woman I love...
The woman I love, huh?
Zero-g love, zero-g love!
Four, three, two, one!
Zero-g love!
Minmay!
My body floats up and I fly away on the wind
I heard she's on tour, going from city to city.
I wonder how she's doing?
People of Grante City, thank you. Thank you!
Grante? That's near here!
Everyone, it's because of your hard work that day by day, this city is being rebuilt.
Lynn Minmay has come here today to cheer on people like you.
And she'll continue to sing her songs for you.
Not for those unforgivable fools in the military who've made such a mess of the Earth!
Kaifun...
We must rebuild our cities without delay and become self-sufficient
even if it means refusing those degrading supplies doled out by the military!
And now, let Minmay's singing embody our hopes for the future
as we present her next song, Silver Moon, Red Moon!
On the cafe terrace, dyed crimson with the sunset
The fragrance of Turkish coffee fills the air
Along with a listless tango rhythm
I'm alone and lonely, but if I dance
A breeze will blow through my heart
I see, so she's at a city near here.
If you don't...
Leader, please come in.
What's up?
What's up?! What have you been doing this whole time?
We've been calling you forever.
Has something happened?
No, but if you're going to leave your Valkyrie please take your radio with you.
Sorry. But listen to this!
There are dandelions blooming in the Red Zone!
Out there in the wild? Come on, stop joking around.
See? You couldn't ask for better proof.
But wait a minute.
This whole area's outside the Nature Reclamation Project zone.
Hey, I'm astonished, too!
When I saw green from up in the air...
Seeds from the Nature Reclamation Project must have blown out and taken root.
That's amazing!
Anyway, sorry about this but you all keep flying patrol along your assigned course.
Where are you going?
I'm going to Grante City for a bit.
I'll catch up with you soon. Call me if anything comes up.
But Leader!
Don't worry. I'll take the radio with me if I leave my plane.
Thanks!
Alone and lonely on Sunset Beach
The sea breeze dies down, it's twilight
My bare feet still feel hot
I'm giving up on that flighty boy
And I'm waiting for you, the dreamy one
Sorry.
Dreaming on Sunset Beach
Minmay...
He just can't get Minmay out of his head, can he?
When he's home, he's always looking at pictures and posters of her.
But he's head over heels
For his plane instead of me
Damn, this really takes me back!
Hey! Bring us a couple of beers, okay?
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Dammit!
This damn town!
Let's get out of here.
You've had too much to drink.
Take a look! All those people there and this is what we get?!
I'd have been fine not getting anything at all.
You're a pro! You don't sing for free!
Why not?
You were the one who told me to sing to keep everyone's spirits high!
This is strange. It's not right!
It's for our livelihood. What's wrong with being compensated?
Other people have it tough just trying to survive.
We have to be thankful, even for this.
Thankful? I'm supposed to be thankful for the military's handouts?
The people here may have given us this, but it all came from the same place.
What's with you?
Let's get out of here. This piss-ant town is depressing me.
But we're never going to Macross City, understand?
Can you stop moping and making the military out to be evil?
I will never forgive those bastards!
Just stop it!
Why are you defending them?
What's the matter with you?
You've been acting strange lately.
It's like I don't know you anymore!
People who just drink and complain are the absolute worst.
I don't care what you say, Hikaru and the rest of the military
deserve a lot more praise than you, the way you're acting now.
Praise?!
They're working hard to make the Earth the way it used to be!
And who do you think
is responsible for the Earth being like this?
Why do we have to clean up their mess?!
It looks like we should go our separate ways for a while.
I'm going to Macross City.
Are you serious? That's more than 5,000 kilometers away! How will you get there?
I'll think of something. Just leave me alone for a while.
Captain Ichijo, come in!
What is it?
Head for Vion City in the Danube Area at once!
It's another fight or a robbery, right?
Some Zentradi have stolen weapons and are attacking the human residential area!
They've stolen weapons?
Three battle pods. That's all we know.
All right, I'll be there soon. What about my team?
We've already contacted them. They're on their way.
Roger!
Hayase here.
Major, I'm sorry to call you on your day off but please report to the command center at once.
What's happened?
Some Zentradi have stolen weapons and are on the rampage!
Fill me in once I get there!
Help!
Where's our Leader? Isn't he here yet?!
He's on his way!
What do we do?!
We've got to draw them away from the city!
Leader!
What kind of flight leader goes off and ignores his own mission?!
Huh? They called you in on your day off?
Answer my question!
I just went to see someone.
I never thought things would escalate to the point where they'd run off with weapons.
I have a good idea who that someone was!
Huh?
Look, just hurry up!
Anyone who puts personal affairs before his mission isn't cut out to be a leader!
What are you so mad about?
I'd be the same way if I got called in on my day off.
Hey, why do you think only Vanessa got promoted?
You were wondering about that too? No waaay!
Putting you aside for the moment, I've got more brains, personality,
and way more looks than her, so why?!
I withdraw the question.
It was a mistake to ask you.
Are you making fun of me?!
Get to work! Work!
The Major's right there and she looks pretty scary.
Huh? Oh, no!
Where the heck is our Leader?!
Are you all okay?
Leader, you're really late!
Good work, people. I'll take it from here, so just fall back.
I'm okay, sir.
Do as you're told!
Cease your attack immediately and throw down your weapons!
If you're unhappy about something, we'll hear you out.
Please, cease your attack!
You bastards!
Stop your attack!
Don't be stupid!
That look says you want to remind me I'm not cut out to be a leader.
Not really.
You were acting weird back there, Major.
Commander-in-Chief Global says he wants to see you.
Global? I wonder if it's about this incident?
So, did you get to see Minmay?
I heard she and her manager Kaifun are in Grante City now.
I saw her but I didn't talk to her.
I just watched her from a distance.
Why didn't you talk to her?
It didn't seem like the right time.
Did something happen?
Not really.
What now?
Huh?
Captain Ichijo reporting, sir.
Enter.
I've received a thorough report from Major Hayase.
It would seem that what we've feared has come to pass.
I'd hoped this would be the end of it.
We'll be seeing more such incidents.
What do you mean, sir?
It's possible that this same sort of disturbance will happen again.
If that's the case, I think it would be wise to immediately transfer
any Zentradi assigned to patrol units to other posts such as duties inside the Macross.
You're probably right. I have several Zentradi on my own squad.
If this happens again, Zentradi may end up killing each other.
All right. Then we'll transfer the Zentradi.
Understood, sir.
I quietly stole away from your empty room
to a train station, with no destination
I miss you, Hikaru.
That's right, I finally understood
Your tenderness is the reverse of your weakness
Maybe they're not getting along?
They weren't like that when I saw them a year ago.
and I've changed too much
So this is farewell
Next Episode
Preview
The acts of violence have become more frequent and widespread
and have finally reached Macross City, where they show every sign of growing in scale.
Meanwhile, the results of Exsedol's investigation into humans and Zentradi
hint at a dreadful future.
LONELY SONG
LONELY SONG
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
