Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
Preparations for the shuttle launch are complete.
Countdown will commence immediately following the Valkyrie unit launch.
In an effort to bolster military readiness,
a plan was devised to capture the Zentradi Factory Satellite,
an automated plant for the construction of space vessels.
Now, the soldiers from Earth participating in this operation are preparing for liftoff.
Launch the shuttle!
VIVA MARIA
I'm glad to see you all here.
Lord Britai, I'm glad to see you're looking well, yes?
Oh, Exsedol! You're looking well yourself.
Yes, Lord. Thank you.
Ah, Major LaSalle, Major Hayase...
Please think of my ship as your own.
Thank you, Commander Britai.
What do you think, Exsedol? I've gotten quite good at Earth greetings myself, eh?
Allow me to show you to the bridge.
How goes the loading of our human guests?
All finished, sir.
Good. Begin preparations for launch!
Roger!
It's been two years since my last battle.
I never could have imagined that my next one would be
a joint operation between us and the humans.
Is this too the power of culture?
I'm not so sure that's what it is.
Uprisings have been breaking out all over and... Oh, I'm sorry.
No, that's all right.
Sooner or later, you have to clean the pus from the wound, yes?
It's been a long time since we've been on this ship, huh?
Yeah, not since we were taken prisoner.
Hey, why don't we ex-prisoners throw a party?
We can invite Claudia too.
I've been wanting to show Milia what an Earth-style house party is like.
What would we do for food?
Just leave that to me.
Japanese, European, Chinese... I'll take any requests you have.
You're practically Superman, aren't you?
Reactor output green. Energy level is 9.5 and climbing.
Calculation of space-fold coordinates complete.
All systems ready for long-range fold.
Very well. Commence fold navigation.
Say, Milia, could I hold Komilia for a bit?
If you want to hold a baby, why don't you make one of your own?
I made this one.
Milia, that's not a very nice way to talk.
Let Major Hayase hold her.
Very well. Major, here she comes.
Catch!
Why, I never...!
How could you do that?!
It doesn't look like she's hurt.
It's all right. Komilia's got a very strong skeleton.
Anyway, how could you bring a baby along to a battlefield?
It's completely reckless!
I think I can protect my own child.
You may be capable on the battlefield, but that doesn't...
Ow!
She's not shy around new people at all, is she?
She sure isn't! Let me hold her too.
Forget it. I had her first!
Stingy!
Forget it!
Komilia, look!
I made her laugh!
She's so cute!
Isn't Milia getting angry that they won't give Komilia back?
Look!
Not to worry. That's the look of a woman who's happy
that her baby's getting so much attention.
You think so?
Anyway, isn't Miss Hayase the one you should be worrying about?
Look! See how happy she is.
See?
She really loves babies, huh?
I bet she'd be even happier if that were her baby.
Wouldn't you like to see her with a baby of her own?
Right, Captain Ichijo?
Hey, quit lookin' at me like that.
What's going on over there? Secret guy talk?
That's right, and women aren't allowed to listen.
Oh, now I'm jealous! Come on over here, Milia.
We women will just liven things up on our own.
Right! Just like the good old days in the Zentradi army!
I had a great time today! Max's cooking was terrific too!
You had fun because you got to hold Komilia, right?
To tell you the truth, I guess you're right.
Would you like to come in for some tea?
No, I think I'll call it a night.
Oh? Well, I'm going to walk Claudia to her quarters.
Wait for me inside, okay?
Huh? Oh, okay.
Good night, Ichijo.
Good night.
And have a good time.
Huh?
Misa?
Seeing you holding Komilia... It suited you.
Good night.
Roy, I never got to hold your baby.
I'm sorry! I didn't mean to, uh...
You could have at least put some tea on while you waited.
Sorry, it slipped my mind.
That's fine, I'll do it.
Komilia sure was adorable, wasn't she?
That's all you've been talking about since we left.
Well, she was!
Or is it that you don't like babies?
That's not what I meant. I like babies just fine.
Really?
Not to change the topic, but there's something I've wanted to ask you for a while now.
The thing is...
What?
That is...
Just say it already!
Majors Hayase and LaSalle, please report to the bridge immediately!
Oh, why now?
Ichijo, let's talk later.
Uh, okay...
What's the matter, Commander Britai?
What is that?
It's not an Earth ship and it doesn't look like a Zentradi type either.
Without a doubt, that is a Supervision Army warship.
Any survivors?
There are no life signs.
I surmise that the ship was recently destroyed.
After the remainder of Bodolzaa's fleet had scattered?
Most likely.
Commander, let's conduct a more detailed investigation.
I can't allow that.
But this is the second contact between the Earth and the Supervision Army!
Please give me permission!
We've already provided you with all our information on the Supervision Army.
Is that not enough?
But this is a new source of information!
There's no guarantee that it's not a booby trap like the Macross was.
When you consider the importance of this mission we must take no risks,
no matter how slight.
Misa, Archivist Exsedol is right.
Very well.
Commence final fold at once!
It's huge!
The Protoculture must have been incredibly powerful to build something like this.
Recon mission, ready to launch.
I'm sorry for not giving you your instructions sooner.
You are cleared to launch.
Roger.
Get me Commander Dagao of the garrison fleet.
Yes, Lord.
What is your plan, sir?
I thought I'd advise him to surrender.
Still, knowing how hardheaded he is, I doubt it will do any good.
Isn't advising him to surrender a little too soft?
If we prove that we're the Protoculture, perhaps...
I see. What do you think, Exsedol? Any good ideas?
Yes, a kiss would probably be most effective.
That certainly produces quite a shock.
Major Hayase, would you do as you did when you were a prisoner here?
I couldn't...
Fortunately... Captain Ichijo, wasn't it...?
That soldier should be on board.
That's right, Misa. You're doing it for the Earth,
so you might as well put on a big show!
I have Commander Dagao. I'll put him on screen.
It's been a long time, Britai. What do you want?
I demand that you surrender.
You demand what?
Tell me, what can you do with a single ship?
We've made contact with the Protoculture and now possess culture.
It's in your best interest to surrender.
Hikaru Ichijo, reporting for duty!
Ah, perfect timing.
Commander Dagao, please observe.
What's the reason for those miclones being here?
Are you trying to tell me they are the Protocult...
Th... That's a woman!
Correct. A woman.
These two will now demonstrate a tiny sliver of the power of culture.
The power of culture? You mean...
Does he mean what I think...?
Hey, wait a minute!
You can't tell me something like that and expect me to just go, Oh, really? Okay.
It appears that Captain Ichijo takes objection to this strategy.
Is everything all right?
He can object all he wants, but Major Hayase has already decided.
Captain Ichijo, this is an order!
He has no choice but to kiss her.
I see.
But why does Captain Ichijo hate kissing?
It is a wonderful thing.
Why do we have to do it in front of everybody?
Your superior officer is giving you an order!
It's pretty high-handed for a CO to order a subordinate to do this!
You're overstepping your authority!
Zero-g love, zero-g love!
Zero-g love, zero-g love!
This is...
With him after school, on my way home
What is that? What is that sound?!
Don't listen! Don't listen to it!
Minmay...
At the corner of that same old intersection
Dagao! You should see this.
He made sure no one else was around
Then without warning, he kissed me
What are they doing?!
And I was so angry, I led him to think
Don't look! Do not look!
But, but, but
Tough luck, Britai.
My head was dizzy
and my heart was fluttering
Did you think a trick like that would work on us?
Zero-g love, zero-g love!
What's so great about Protoculture?
Four, three, two, one!
Zero-g love!
What's so great about culture?
An enemy attack?!
Miclones! The miclones are attacking!
That's Milia and Max.
What?
Go! Go! Go and fly!
To that blue, shining world
Anyway, let me be with you
I beg you please
I am former Zentradi soldier, Milia Fallyna Jenius.
The Milia from the Lap'Lamiz Fleet?!
The same.
And that is Maximilian Fallyna Jenius of the Protoculture!
He's just a miclone. What's so great about Protoculture?
Now look at this!
What is that?!
If war is our destiny
It's a Protoculture miclone!
It moved!
Then war is our life
This is called a baby.
Her name is Komilia Maria Fallyna Jenius.
Never look back. Never stop
She'll gradually grow larger until she is the same size as us.
The two of us created her.
And never forget your pride
You think you can defeat the Protoculture?!
Go! Go! Go and fly!
Can you see your future?
Look closely! This is the sign of the Protoculture!
let me be with you
It's the Protoculture!
Culture!
We'll be contaminated!
I beg you please
It looks like one Komilia had more impact than the two of you kissing.
It seems so.
We haven't destroyed their flagship, though.
There's no telling how they'll react.
We will prepare for battle, just in case.
Roger!
However, no one is to sortie unless the enemy attacks first.
Valkyrie squadron, launch!
Skull Squadron, launching!
What are you waiting for?! Hurry up and destroy them!
The men are mutinying! I can't control them!
Mutineers?
They're saying that all ships contaminated by the Protoculture must be destroyed!
What?!
The enemy is in total disarray!
Now's the chance to take out as many of them as we can!
Roger!
Another enemy warship has been rendered inoperable!
Prepare to fire main batteries.
The target is the enemy ship dead ahead!
Take aim!
2nd Queadluun-Rau squadron, you are in our line of fire!
Get clear immediately!
Roger!
Fire main batteries!
So they've accepted us as the Protoculture, eh?
What shall we do with the captured enemy soldiers?
They too are our brothers.
Tell them that any who wish to join us won't be turned away.
Preparations are more or less ready.
But there's no way of knowing if it will stand up to repeated folds.
Irrelevant. Commence activation!
Yes, sir!
Energy levels are at 20.7 and rising.
Fold coordinates are plotted and ready.
Preparations for long-range fold are complete.
Engage!
All fold systems to maximum!
In one minute, we will de-fold at the Lagrange Point.
The fold system is almost at its limit.
Once we've reached our destination, I'm not sure we can use it again.
In any case, we've achieved our primary objective.
We'll find some way to cover our tracks.
We are de-folding!
Next Episode
Preview
Zentradi are on the rampage in Trad City
and they're planning to steal a micloning device.
Hikaru and his men race to the scene and while they are able to quell the offensive
they are unable to hand the device over to the New UN Forces.
What's more, Kamujin's war machines attack the city once again.
SATAN'S DOLLS
SATAN'S DOLLS
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
