Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
will set out on their journey as the war rages on
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness, they fly toward
that blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
The Macross, which launched in haste in order to avoid an enemy attack,
failed in its attempt to execute a space fold to the far side of the Moon.
Instead, the Macross and its island base were transported not to the Moon,
but just inside the orbit of Pluto.
Daedulus, respond!
Air leaks at each block confirmed!
Service personnel, please stand by!
Bringing in the shelters is our first priority.
That's where the evacuees from the city are!
Captain, we can't contact the Prometheus or the Daedalus.
The chances of finding any survivors are...
I thought as much.
They're just aircraft carriers.
They weren't designed to fly into space.
Hayase, issue an order to the work vessels.
Tell them to pull the carriers here toward us.
Don't tell me you're going to dock with them instead of ARMD-I and ARMD-II!
We should be able to use their ship-based weapons.
I wonder if it will work?
I'm counting on the efforts of the work teams.
Once we've retrieved the people from the shelters,
we're going to round up everything that's floating around out there.
Hikaru Ichijo, the air-race pilot who came to see
the launching of the Macross only to find himself in the middle of a war,
and Lynn Minmay, the young girl that he rescued,
narrowly escaped death by flying inside the Macross itself.
However...
LYNN MINMAY
Here goes.
Come on, why don't you give up on that?
It will be faster just to call someone to come get us, right?
What is it?
The communicator's busted.
What's that?
A compass.
I thought a compass was shaped like this.
So, it's not the kind of compass you draw circles with.
This ship is huge. With this, we'll always know where the racer is.
There's nothing but pipes everywhere!
I wonder, if it's because we're near the energy block?
Hot!
I'm fine. See? It was just a little hot, that's all.
You'll get hurt if you're not careful.
Okay.
Hey, be careful!
Fourth time's not a charm either, huh?
Are you sure we're not going the wrong way?
We should be heading toward the bridge, but...
This is the right way. It has to be.
Let's go?
Yep.
You want us to look for a civilian?
Yeah, his name's Hikaru Ichijo, remember?
He's like my little brother.
Now, look here! There's a time and place for jokes, and...
Claudia...
Major Focker, this is Captain Global.
I think you're already aware
that there are currently over 50,000 civilians taking shelter aboard this ship.
If the enemy were to launch a surprise attack, there's no telling...
Understood, sir!
The lives of 50,000 people are more important than the life of just one, right?!
Well, you see...
Blockhead...
Hey, does it look brighter over there to you?
You're right!
We did it! We did it!
It looks like we can climb up over there!
An airlock for the giants, huh?
What's wrong?!
What on earth is going on?
Maybe, we're having a bad dream.
The captain is currently inspecting the ship. Over.
I made some coffee.
I swear, and all because the Captain had to execute a space fold.
Not only can our ship not make contact with the Earth,
now we have these 50,000 civilian refugees.
If we're attacked out here, we're done for.
But, even without fold communication, given enough time, normal radio waves should...
Right, we could still make contact with UN High Command.
But that would reveal our location to the enemy.
Oh...
1st Lt. Hayase, block RX-24 is requesting directions to an evacuation center.
We don't even have time for a cup of coffee.
How's your leg? Does it still hurt?
My leg's fine, but I'm really thirsty.
Water, huh?
If it was food, there's a little back at the racer, but...
You may be able to drink some water after all!
Hang on a second!
Ready, okay!
It tastes great!
And it feels great!
Hey! I think I'll take a shower!
Huh?
Right now? Here?
Yup, I'm all covered in sweat.
Well, I guess it'd be better if I go over there, huh?
Thank you for being so considerate. You've made me happy.
Also, if you could set up a screen over there, I'd appreciate it.
Aye, aye.
Is this okay?
Thanks!
What is it, Minmay?!
Huh?
Really...
Jeez...
Maybe I teased him a little too much.
Sorry, Hikaru!
Hikaru, what is it? Are you mad?
Hikaru! Answer me!
I found my work clothes.
You can wear them if you like.
I feel so much better!
Why don't you take a shower, too?
Sure, I was gonna.
This shirt is so baggy!
I found some canned food too.
You want some?
Terrific!
Man, I sure am hungry.
Yum! This is great!
Hey, are you sure you should eat that all at once?
No problem!
We'll find the exit tomorrow.
And, if we don't?
This ship's only about a kilometer long at most.
I think we'll be fine.
But, look at all the walking we just did, and it didn't get us anywhere!
Which is why tomorrow, I'll make a map and...
I've lost my appetite.
Beaten already, huh?
Who is?
If you think about it, it's only been one day.
Yeah, I got a call from my Sempai and I came out to see the Macross.
The next thing I know, not only am I being attacked by aliens,...
but I wind up in space inside the ship.
I wonder how my aunt and uncle are doing?
If they made it to the shelter, I think they'll be fine.
Yeah, the soldiers will protect them.
The soldiers, huh?
Hey, that's not such a good idea!
If you fall asleep in a place like this, you'll catch a cold.
Oh, so that's the kind of person you are.
I had no idea! Unbelievable!
Hey, wait a minute! It was a rat!
Rats!
What did I tell you?
It's a ship, so they made this their home long before us humans.
I can't stand rats! Hurry up and make them go away!
Hey, I wonder if that's their nest?
Oh, no!
I'll explain the situation to them tomorrow and get them to share the bed with you.
Now, if we're here, then...
Hey!
This shows that this is our second day as castaways.
Good idea, huh?
Uh, sure. Well, I'll be back later.
See you!
How could she do that to my precious racer?!
Jeez...
Ow!
Ow!
How'd it go?
That sure smells good!
Our food will last longer this way.
Just what you'd expect from a girl whose family runs a Chinese restaurant!
No way! That's my aunt's place.
I just go there to visit sometimes.
Where's your family then?
Yokohama... We have a restaurant in Chinatown.
Here!
Oh, I'd just assumed that your family ran a Chinese restaurant...
Huh?!
Today's our third day, huh?
Mom...
I give up. It's like we're on some desert island in a far-off sea.
Oh?
But, this is the last of our supplies.
Why don't I go outside and call for help?
Outside?
I'll go out into space through the airlock, then back onto the ship through another one.
But, you don't have a spacesuit!
They use this helmet in combat, so it's pretty airtight.
If we reinforce it, I think we can make this work.
But...
With it and this pilot suit, I should be able to last for a while.
But...
Do you understand how to work the switch now?
Yes...
But, what will you do for air? You don't even have an oxygen tank.
I think I can hold out for two or three minutes.
You're going to hold your breath?!
It's no different from diving in the ocean, right?
Where are you going?
To check the direction of the nearest airlock from the window.
Again? You can't get spooked by every little thing that floats by, okay?
Is that a tuna?
A tuna?
A tuna!
Tuna!
Sashimi!
Hang in there!
Are you all right?
I did it! We won't be worrying about food for a...
You shouldn't be so disappointed.
Not many people have ever caught a tuna in space.
But, now I can't go back out there again.
When I was pinned under the tuna, my suit got snagged on its teeth.
Our plan of going outside the ship to get help just went up in smoke.
Hey, how about opening a hole in the ceiling and going up?
I thought of that, too...
But, where are we gonna get tools to cut through steel plates?
What about blasting through?
We've just about used up the rest of the racer's fuel.
On what?
That.
Thanks.
So I told him, it doesn't matter how many fighter planes you have,
without pilots, what are ya gonna do?
Good work. So, how are the refugees holding up?
I hear they've calmed down a bit and have started building a refugee camp.
A refugee camp?
Really?
When the midnight bell tolled, the magic spell wore off.
Down the staircase she rushed, as if trying to outrun it.
And at the top of the stairs, a single glass slipper...
You've got a nice voice.
You may not believe it, but I took singing lessons in middle school.
And dancing... and acting lessons too!
You sure have done a lot.
I've just flown planes my whole life.
Oh, but that's great!
Putting everything you've got into just one thing.
You think so?
So what do you want to be?
Me? Oh...
A bride, I guess.
A bride?
I see. Well, I bet you'll make a great one.
Thanks...
But, it's all over for us anyway.
Hey, that's not true!
My Sempai and the others will find us.
It's been twelve days now.
They'll have given us up for dead.
Even my aunt and uncle...
We'll make a good dinner for the rats when we die, huh?
Just like that tuna did.
Don't say things like that.
It's okay.
But I just...
I wish I could have worn a wedding dress just once before I died.
Minmay...
What do you say we have a wedding ceremony?
You're right. That'd be great!
I... Are you sure you're okay with someone like me?
Say, Hikaru...
If we're going to die anyway, let's get it over with...
and throw ourselves out into space!
Where did that come from?
Let's die together!
Don't be stupid!
You fell from the sky and drifted in space, but you're still alive!
You'll be saved this time too! I promise!
Sure, you say that, but...
We can't find a single way out of here!
You're just scared to die! Coward!
I guess I am kinda pathetic.
I'm just a guy who only knows how to fly planes, but...
But, I...
You make me...
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it like that.
I guess I got a little crazy for a second.
I...
I...
An enemy missile!
It's a dud!
We've gotta get rid of it quick! It's dangerous!
Hey, isn't that Minmay?
Mr. Mayor!
They say they found some people!
Huh?!
A boy and a girl!
You've gotta be kiddin' me!
Hey, you're right!
How?! We're inside a spaceship, but...
Wow! Amazing! The restaurant and Yot-chan's house are just like they were!
Hey! Minmay!
Yot-chan!
I don't really get it myself, but since leavin' the town out in space
would be a waste, and seeing as how there's all this empty space on-board,
they decided to just bring everything onto the ship!
Hey, there!
You're Hikaru, then? I hear you took good care of our Minmay!
Oh, uh, not at all! Without her help, I would have...
Thank ya! Thank ya!
Oh, it was awful!
This is the bridge.
The attack just now was a chance encounter with two small enemy ships.
A Valkyrie squadron has intercepted and destroyed the enemy vessels,
and we have incurred minimal damage.
We are hereby sounding the all-clear. That is all.
This has gotta be a nightmare.
Oh, it's a nightmare all right. But don't let it get ya down!
Hey, what's wrong? Pull yourself together!
He can't! He hasn't even been eating!
Poor kid!
He was indeed hungry, and shocked by the appearance of the ship's interior.
But to Hikaru, what was most unbelievable was Minmay's sudden change in attitude.
Lynn Minmay: Just what kind of girl is she?
With 50,000 refugees aboard,
the Macross prepares to leave Pluto's orbit and return to Earth.
Inside the Macross, the city's streets are being restored,
and Hikaru is confused by the sudden changes in Minmay.
When a scout vessel from the enemy fleet detects the Macross,
a desperate plan is conceived to compensate for the loss of the Fold System.
But can it succeed?
TRANSFORMATION
I won't follow it anymore,
the shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end,
but we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
