Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
that blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
BYE-BYE MARS
Life signs: negative.
Energy readings: negative.
Hmm. An abandoned base...
We have reached the friendly forces rendezvous point!
Commander Britai, which forces shall we be meeting up with?
The 109th Branch of the main Bodol Fleet,
7th Sector Armored Division.
But that would be... Surely you don't mean...!
Kamujin Kravshera's group?!
Well done as always, my Archivist.
You mustn't! Aren't you aware of his battle record?!
During Operation Mona, he became intoxicated and started a firefight,
killing or wounding nearly everyone on board!
What's more, while he killed every last enemy in the Isulis Sector,
he destroyed two friendly divisions in the process!
Do you know what they call him now?
Kamujin the Ally Killer, you mean?
Friendly forces are de-folding! Th... They're too close!
What did I tell you? That damned Kamujin!
It's always this way with him. I wash my hands of it!
Kamujin Kravshera, 7th Sector Armored Division, reporting for duty, sir.
We hit four ships. I win the bet!
That booze ration is mine!
Stop it, you fool! The commander can hear you.
Sorry'bout that.
Kamujin! Remember this, and remember it well: I will not tolerate any reckless behavior!
You've had to wait six taarms for this,
so don't throw away your chance to get back into combat.
So, what do we have to do, sir?
Very good.
There's an abandoned base on the seventh planet of this system.
You are going to the lure the enemy ship toward it.
By that time, you will have planted gravity mines around the base's perimeter,
preventing the enemy from escaping, but capturing them alive.
Enemies closing in from 3 o'clock, mark 60!
Change course! AD down 20!
Yes, sir!
Skull Squadron! Intercept enemy craft inbound from 5 o'clock, mark 15!
Skull Leader, roger!
The enemy is retreating.
Looks like that's it for today.
All units, break off attack and return to ship.
They've been attacking us non-stop for the last three days.
Persistent, aren't they?
Each time they attack, we're driven further off course from Earth.
No way!
What is it? Tired?
Yeah, this has been happening every day now.
I don't think they'll be back for a while, so why don't you go into town and relax?
This is a message from the bridge.
Just now, we were attacked a force of 120 enemy units,
but the 1st, 4th and 7th Valkyrie groups intercepted and destroyed them all.
Our forces took little damage, and the Macross remains on course.
That is all.
It's been a while. How are you?
Minmay... Is school over already?
Yeah. They canceled it because of the attack.
What's wrong? You look upset.
It's nothing. But you heard the announcement just now, didn't you?
Uh-huh, we destroyed all the enemy fighters, right?
It was all lies.
We didn't get even half of them, and we lost a lot of men out there.
Really... Well, there's nothing we can do about it.
We'll never get anywhere in this war if we're depressed all the time.
C'mon, let's go get some tea or something!
I'm having a birthday party on October 10, so come, okay?
Your birthday's next week, is it?
Yeah.
It appears to be an automatic telemetry signal.
It's originating from Mars Base Salla.
But Salla should be abandoned.
Their garrison was attacked and wiped out by anti-UN Forces while en route home.
Could someone have remained at the base?!
Impossible.
However, Salla is extremely large, and there should still be a lot of supplies there.
Damage report.
We're still running smoothly, sir.
How far off course from Earth have we gotten?
Sixteen degrees toward Mars, sir.
So going to Mars wouldn't put us that far out of our way...
This is a good opportunity to resupply ourselves.
Alter our heading. Set course for Mars!
That big red planet there is Mars. That's where I'm going next week.
So it's for sure, 2nd Lieutenant Riber? You're going to Mars?
That's right. After all those applications, I've finally been approved.
I'm sure your dad pulled a lot of strings to help me out as well.
No, not at all... But I'm happy for you.
I may be a soldier, but I'm just no good at fighting.
I'm a lot more suited to being on an observation base.
Well...
Whoops, don't go telling your dad that.
Of course I won't! I won't tell anyone!
But this means we can't see each other anymore.
It won't be long before anyone will be able to go to Mars.
That's it! I'll join the military, too, and go to Mars!
I hope you can get there soon.
Don't keep me waiting.
Take care of yourself!
Hayase...
Hayase!
Send out a Cat's Eye recon plane.
Nothing on the base or in the surrounding area.
This is Gerao in the scout Reguld to Captain Kamujin.
A recon unit is headed your way.
The enemy ship is descending.
It's down.
The ship has landed, but it's outside the range of our gravity mines.
Don't worry. It won't be long before the enemy moves closer to the base.
When they do, they'll come into range of the gravity mines,
and then they'll never lift off again.
Destroid forces, fan out and secure the supplies!
Valkyrie units, guard the transport vehicles!
The base perimeter is all clear.
We're moving in to guard the transports.
Supply transport is underway.
Move the Macross closer to the base.
Yes, sir.
Yes, that's it...
The moment you step into our trap, it's time for battle!
Sir, I'd like permission to go to the base as well.
You?
I want to find out what started that transmission.
No, you...
What if there are some survivors?!
I'll cover her position, Captain.
Very well. Permission granted.
The enemy ship is now within range of the gravity mines.
We just have to be patient a little while longer.
Sempai, um, do you mind if I take some leave next week?
Well, yeah, everyone in our squadron wants leave next week.
They all got invitations to Little Miss Minmay's birthday party.
Myself included!
Who's out there doing all this unnecessary chatting?
Oh-ho, Claudia!
What, it's not the old lady as usual?
The person you're referring to is currently driving past your feet.
This was activated only recently.
But how? This place is abandoned.
Gerao, how much longer?!
Energy levels are at 70. It won't be long now.
This is becoming irritating...
Captain, I can't take it anymore! I'm going on ahead!
What?!
Bastard! Even I'm being patient, but you...
Idiot! Nobody disobeys me.
All right, everyone listen up!
There will be no more stunts like that!
An abnormal tremor has been detected in the mountain ravines.
It looks like an explosion.
An explosion?
Send the Cat's Eye out there at once!
Cat's Eye 207, please investigate the area 15 kilometers out at 11 o'clock.
Cat's Eye 207, roger.
Have they noticed us...?
How much longer?!
Another ten percent.
Damn it all!
Cat's Eye data analysis complete. I'll put it on screen.
What the...? It's a huge force of battle pods!
Yes, it looks to be at least a thousand!
Claudia! Put the ship on battle alert!
All hands, battle stations! I repeat, all hands, battle stations!
Captain, will we be able to repel them all?
Impossible, there are just too many.
Lift off at once!
Yes, sir!
Gravity control system, stand by!
We're not rising!
Is it broken again?!
No, sir, the system's functioning properly.
Hold on! There's something buried deep underground!
It looks like it's interfering with the Macross's gravity control system!
What?!
A trap...!
Engines, all stop!
NOW...?!
Sir!
Captain Kamujin, the gravity mines are now running at full effectiveness.
Our prey is caught firmly in its trap.
Good! All right you bastards, move out and attack!
A massive enemy assault force is closing on us at high speed!
They've come.
Defense forces are already moving to intercept.
But if we don't do something fast...
Vanessa, show me the buried trap again.
Aye, sir.
Hmm... Three kilometers below ground, eh?
If it's that far underground, there's no way for the Macross to disable it.
Why don't we just use the main rockets to lift off?
Dummy! The main rockets were damaged in battle three days ago, so we can't use them!
The enemy assault force is entering the red zone.
If we can't take off, we're going to make a really easy target.
The target can't fly, so let's get rid of some of these pesky little ones.
CHARGE!
Yes! Come and get me!
Destroid groups 6, 8, and 17 are destroyed. The rest are heavily damaged.
Hold on. We may be able to disable that trap after all.
But how if it's underground?
The reactor! Salla's reactor is located deep beneath the base.
If we can blow it up...
One moment, please.
It looks like it could work.
All right, begin the operation at once.
Have Hayase activate the reactor!
Yes, sir!
Blow it up? The base?
I want you to put the base's reactor into overload so we can destroy
the devices that are neutralizing our gravity control system.
You're the only one there.
Do this for the 70,000 people we have on board the Macross!
I don't think she can do it...
Contact Focker!
Please wait! I'll do it.
It can't be anyone else. I'll... I'll do it myself!
Reactor is overloading! Danger! Danger!
Safety systems are disengaged. Status red! Reactor entering critical cascade!
Fifteen minutes until detonation!
All personnel, evacuate! All personnel, evacuate!
It looks like she's done it.
Order the Destroid groups to pull back.
And try to lure the enemy to the base,
so we can take some of them out while we're at it.
Yes, sir.
What? They're falling back already? Those toothless cowards!
Victory is mine!
1st Lieutenant Hayase, get out of there!
Forgive me, Lt. Riber...
Alert! Engaging bulkheads to contain alpha-particle outflow!
Riber...
Eight minutes to detonation.
Riber, I finally made it.
1st Lieutenant Hayase, please come in!
Misa! Misa, come in! Misa!
Send someone in there to get her!
1st Lt. Hayase is still inside the building, and we have to rescue her!
Hikaru, you're up.
Huh? Why me?
This time, the object is to save someone's life.
I figured that would be easier for you.
I'm not too crazy about having to save 1st Lt. Hayase though.
Don't be so picky!
Fine, I got it. I'll do it.
Five minutes to detonation.
The kid's really gotten good.
There it is.
1st Lieutenant Hayase, I'm going to smash the wall!
Please stand back!
Here we go!
Okay, now get on!
How could you do that to Riber's room?!
Go back!
You've got to be kidding!
Just leave!
One minute to detonation.
I don't know what happened here, but I risked my life to come get you!
Leave me alone!
I can't do that!
No! Let me go! Let me go!
Thirty seconds to detonation! All units, fall back!
RIBER!
What?!
Bastards! Damn! Dammit!
Still, things are starting to get interesting. And next time, I'll win!
Next Episode
Preview
Lynn Minmay celebrates her sixteenth birthday.
On that same day, Hikaru is promoted to 2nd Lieutenant
and put in charge of two subordinates, Max and Kakizaki.
However, the joy of this day is shattered by a sudden attack
by Kamujin and his armored battalion.
The Macross is once again placed in deadly peril.
LONGEST BIRTHDAY
LONGEST BIRTHDAY
I won't follow it anymore,
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
