Piercing through the Macro sky,
a thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind,
the Light struck
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
and fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey as the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
The conflict between Max and Milia has ended in marriage.
This, however, has plunged Britai's fleet into chaos.
MESSENGER
A single enemy ship is approaching.
Move the main cannon into firing position. Target the approaching enemy ship!
Yes, sir! Main cannon, lock on target!
The main cannon is standing by to fire!
Target lock acquired!
Maybe they want to settle this one-on-one!
Don't be stupid. Why would they do something like that?
Hey, it happens in comic books all the time!
Idiot.
Why do you have to call me an idiot all the time?!
Please delay firing the main cannon!
I'm getting a transmission from the enemy vessel. They request a cease-fire.
What?
Shall I put it on the speaker?
The approaching vessel does not intend to attack. We request a cease-fire.
Enemy fighters closing in fast!
What are they up to?
What the hell are you doing?!
You're interfering with our negotiations. Just stay out of the way and watch.
We can beat them! Why do we need a cease-fire?!
If we don't negotiate a cease-fire, the fleet will tear itself apart.
Preposterous!
You think so?
A peace envoy?
Culture shock may have hit them harder than we thought.
Leader! It sure feels strange escorting an enemy pod, doesn't it?
You got that right.
I wonder who's inside?
Hey there! What are you doing?
I can't climb down by myself!
Ah, forgive me, sir! I didn't mean to...
These miclone bodies are so weak and powerless.
So this is how we look to them, eh?
I beg your pardon?
It's a sign of friendship.
I am Exsedol, Zentradi Zem 1st Class, Chief Archivist.
Archivist, you say?
Indeed.
Please, if you'll follow me.
Archivist Exsedol, I would ask that this gentleman remain here.
You wait here!
Yes, sir!
Be good hosts and get him something to eat.
Yes, sir!
Yes, sir!
Be good hosts and get him something to eat...?
How much could this guy put away?
Don't ask me! Anyway, let's bring him a container or something to sit on.
And what might that be?
They sell electronic goods there.
And use money to conduct business, correct?
You're certainly well-informed!
What in the world is that?!
It gave me quite a shock!
Well, that would take a lot of explaining, so perhaps some other time...
Ah, a military secret, eh? I see, I see.
And what is that translucent uniform?
Uh, umm... that's a military secret too!
The ambassador has entered the conference room.
Understood. I'll be right there.
What about the enemy ship?
No change whatsoever.
Maintain our current status.
Claudia!
Yes, sir.
I'm counting on you. If they make any hostile moves...
then shoot.
Yes, sir!
Here you are, sir.
This is delicious!
Then please have another.
Thank you, thank you!
The concerned parties still aren't here yet?
No, sir. After all, they were on combat duty when we called them.
Milia! 1st Flight Commander Milia!
Archivist Exsedol! Excellency!
That wedding business caused a rather astonishing commotion.
Sir! Even I had no idea
that things would turn out like this.
Or that I would be here either, I'll bet.
Sir.
And this is the male you've mated with?
Yes, sir. That's right.
Mated with?
Reporting for duty.
Max, what's with that face?!
Oh!
Being micloned, I didn't recognize you at first
but you're one of the prisoners from the main fleet!
You're that...!
Our positions are much different now. How did you escape us?
Was it the power of Protoculture?
I don't know how to answer...
Another military secret, eh?
I'm Warera Nantes.
Conda Bromco...
Loli Dosel...
Lord Exsedol!
I see the masterminds behind our Protoculture-shock are all here.
We, that is...
That is to say...
To say we, uh, well...
Relax, nothing's going to happen to you.
Now then, Archivist Exsedol,
would you please tell us the reason for this meeting?
Two vitally important people are not yet present.
The superhuman Shao Pai Long,
and the woman who is at the core of your psychological attacks.
Shao Pai Long?
He means that movie!
It looks like they thought those were real super powers!
That's quite a misunderstanding!
But what about this psychological attack?
I don't know of anyone who could be at the core of a psychological attack.
Could you perhaps be more specific?
A person of that magnitude isn't considered important?
It must be Protoculture, all right.
Hey!
Could he mean...
Her?
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Minmay!
We knew it! Lynn Minmay!
Shining, making a rapid descent
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh!
Then BOOM! he makes a sudden climb
I thought as much.
Leaving a long...
Who would've thought that a song could have such an effect?
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
Make arrangements at once.
Plane...
Minmay...
Excuse me, what were we called here for?
It's just another example of military being self-centered!
They never think about us civilians!
I will not...
Mr. Lynn Kaifun! We are in the middle of negotiations.
This is not the place for you to be giving your speeches.
Furthermore, you are not to repeat what you see or hear here.
Understood?
Yes!
You might be able to accomplish what you've always wanted.
We should cooperate with them.
Everyone you requested is now here.
Very good.
I certainly hope we can negotiate with the Zentradi, but...
Have you gotten the hang of things here, Captain Hayase?
Yes, sir, but...
They say the Macross has entered into a cease-fire with the Zentradi.
So it would seem.
If it holds, we might not have to use the Grand Cannon.
I doubt that will be the case.
The report says that the cease-fire is only with that part of the fleet that's already here.
In the end, we'll probably use it.
I'll be in the central core. If you need anything, come see me.
Lynn Kaifun, what is your rank?
I'm a civilian.
A civilian?! You, a warrior with such superhuman abilities?
I have no superhuman abilities!
What?
I'll be honest with you. You'll find out eventually anyway.
We do not possess the supernatural powers you've attributed to us.
But that man's...
That was a form of entertainment we call a movie.
But what about the destructive power of the Macross's energy field?
I assume you mean the barrier and the explosion that occurred.
That was purely technological in nature.
But...
How can this be?
But you cannot deny the power of that song!
The power of that song?
Excellency! That's the real thing!
We've been deeply moved by the power of the songs!
Long ago, those who encountered the Protoculture
were drained of their will to fight by song.
They awakened to culture and they were destroyed.
What did you just say?
To us Zentradi, warfare is life and our history is one of battle after battle.
But once again we have met with culture,
and the shock of this has made our soldiers begin to reject warfare.
So as to avoid the mistakes of our predecessors,
Lord Bodolzaa, supreme commander of the main fleet,
has ordered that ours is the only fleet to have contact with you.
However, if he learns of these results,
the main fleet will most likely launch an all-out attack.
To wipe out Earth's culture, you see.
The main fleet?
The large fleet mentioned in your report?
Yes, sir.
Britai, what is the meaning of this cease-fire?
Do you think our fleet can fight the Macross in the shape we're in?
In any case, this will all be settled once the main fleet arrives.
The main fleet?
Damn you, Lap'Lamiz, you didn't!
I have reported everything to Lord Bodolzaa.
He decided to mobilize the main fleet.
So he has determined that the people of Earth are the Protoculture?
That's right.
In that case...
This fleet will be destroyed along with the Earth.
Preposterous! Why?
Because we've been contaminated by the Protoculture.
What?!
What was that, Lord? Is that true?
Yes, yes...
Then our fleet will be...
Understood.
I wonder, would the Macross alone choose to flee the Earth?
You want us to abandon the Earth?!
Correct.
We could never agree to that!
The Macross is a warship, part of the Earth UN Forces, and...
Yes, that is the answer I expected.
As it would prove rather difficult for our fleet to escape,
it seems that we will be facing a common enemy.
What?! What do you mean?
I have just received word that the main fleet is headed for this star system.
The main fleet?
The Bodol main fleet, which consists of 4,790,122 warships,
has finally been mobilized.
It looks like we need to prepare ourselves.
We may have to trust to fate whether or not the Earth will survive, but...
We'll do everything we can.
You must be joking!
Five million ships?!
It's over. This is hopeless.
Milia, we may die.
Max, nothing would be greater than dying together in combat.
Together...
This is not the end!
What?
The Macross has fought us off single-handedly, has it not?
There is no guarantee of victory, but we have a way to fight them.
I hear they've even called in the reserves!
Man, there goes my leave!
The Zentradi have a pretty big fleet, don't they?
So what? We got the Grand Cannon!
Oh, I see.
Admiral!
Misa! Very well, this way.
What's the matter?
What will happen to the Macross?
It probably won't survive.
Before long, we'll have to use it to divert the enemy's attention.
But that's...
It may be cruel, but there's no other way.
Father, I have something to ask of you.
What is it?
Please send me back to the Macross.
What are you saying?
I want to stand with my comrades.
We've fought this far side by side!
You ought to be able to do it, Father!
You want to go that badly?
Yes! So you'll...
I can't let you go!
Father...
I can't let you go.
I cannot send my only beloved daughter to certain death!
There's no way I could let you go!
I am a soldier.
So am I.
Then transfer me!
Listen, I'm also a father.
I'll throw you in the brig if I have to!
What do you two intend to do?
Lord Bodolzaa probably intends to destroy our fleet as well.
There's no other choice.
It seems I must walk the same path as you.
Lap'Lamiz...
Do not die in vain.
You either, Britai.
What about you, Kamujin?
Count me out. There's no way you can win.
Besides, I can't stomach the thought of helping the Macross.
Very well, I wasn't counting on your help anyway.
Huh? Oh, is that so?!
Let's go.
Where to?
Anywhere. Set whatever coordinates you want.
Kamujin...
What?
Are you sure about this?
Damn right. Let's go!
Lord Bodolzaa, I will show you how Britai Kridanik fights his last battle.
In many cases, branch fleets are ordered to retreat should their flagship be destroyed.
There's one more thing.
One more thing?!
Within the branch fleets, only Belnar-class flagships,
that is, ships occupying one of the top three ranks,
are informed of the position of the rest of the fleet.
I see, so we crush the head of the snake, is that it?
That's still more than 2,000 heavy warships to deal with.
So, will the Earth join our thousand ships to fight an enemy of 4.8 million?
Archivist Exsedol...
Such is the consensus of our Protoculture-contaminated fleet.
Miss Minmay, your songs have shaken us to our very core.
Well, I...
Soon we will face the main fleet in a battle that is both unavoidable
and in all probability quite ferocious.
We may never again be able to listen to and be moved by your songs.
Miss Minmay, would you sing for us here?
Sure!
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Shining, making a rapid descent
Then BOOM! he makes a sudden climb
Leaving a long trail of vapor
He traces two big hearts
A love sign in the big, blue sky
I love you, you love me?
But he's head over heels
For his plane instead of me
Whoosh, whoosh! Whoosh, whoosh!
My boyfriend is a pilot
Multiple de-fold signatures detected!
I have to go.
Multiple gravitational anomalies and luminescent phenomena!
What?!
The signatures are increasing in number!
The readings are too strong. We're unable to calculate!
De-fold readings are off the scale!
The main fleet!
Next Episode
Preview
Nearly five million ships under Bodolzaa's command
have completely encircled the Earth.
All peaceful avenues of resolution have been closed.
Hikaru bids Minmay farewell and heads off for the final battle.
Love Drifts Away
Love Drifts Away
I won't follow it anymore
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running to the end
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
