Piercing through the Macro sky,
A thunderbolt strikes the Earth
To awaken us, the young mankind
The Light struck.
Macross! Macross!
The brave youths who arise
And fight to protect their loved ones
Will set out on their journey As the war rages on.
Will you love me tomorrow?
Slicing through the darkness they fly toward
That blue planet that shines in the distance
Macross! Macross!
Macross!
MISS MACROSS
Hi!
Hi!
Hey!
So, what's up? Why'd you ask me out here all of a sudden?
Uh, I just thought I'd ask you to a movie or something.
Oh, I'm sorry. It's almost rush time at the restaurant. I can't go.
That's right, I forgot. I've been losing track of time lately.
Huh?
There's a sky up there!
You didn't know? But some military people made it.
Mornings and evenings, they'll project a sky.
C'mon, isn't that a bit much?
What, don't you think it's great? We can see a beautiful twilight every day.
Twilight...?
Maybe nobody even wants to go back to Earth anymore.
Starting tomorrow, they're even going to start broadcasting TV.
Oh, that's right! Did you know Jamis Merin is entering the Miss Macross contest?
Huh? Jamis Merin is aboard the Macross?
Uh-huh, she probably came for the launch ceremony. The real Jamis Merin!
Do you want to go? It's this Saturday night.
Sorry, I don't think Saturday's gonna work. I'm on duty all night.
Wow, military life is rough even for a 2nd Lieutenant...
What can I get you?
Irish coffee.
Yes, Miss.
I know! I'll bring you some dinner!
Oh, but maybe regular people can't get in...
No, it's not like that at all.
It'll be fine. I'll figure something out.
How many should I cook for, then?
Uh, for two is okay. It'll just be me.
Hey, Max!
Did you hear Minmay's gonna enter the Miss Macross contest?
Huh?
To celebrate the launch of MBS, the Macross Broadcast System,
we present the Miss Macross Contest.
Twenty-eight beautiful contestants will take to the stage,
having been selected from a total of four hundred applicants.
Who will make it to the finals and win the crown?
The Miss Macross Contest!
Our queen will be chosen by you!
Minmay is going to enter?
Hey, you wanna go watch?
The Leader said I could have Saturday off. And you too.
Really?
He said he could handle it alone? He was in a really good mood, too.
Ah, so it's springtime for our Leader, huh?
You mean he's got a girl?
What? Miss Macross? What are you entering that for?
To celebrate the launch of MBS, the Macross Broadcast System,
we present the Miss Macross Contest.
Mr. Mayor sent in my application without telling me.
Twenty-eight beautiful contestants will take to the stage,
having been selected from a total of four hundred applicants.
Who will make it to the finals and win the crown?
What, are you jealous?
No! I just think it's ridiculous.
The Miss Macross Contest!
Our queen will be chosen by you!
It would appear that communications on a rather large scale
are being broadcast inside the enemy battleship.
Can we tap into them?
They are medium-wave transmissions containing very little information.
What does it mean?
I don't know, sir. It began only fifteen mikra ago.
Very well, prepare a recon craft.
Engines 1 and 2 climbing from 24 to 36.
All right. Launch!
This is the flagship-based 8th Force Recon Battalion, 099.
Crew: three.
Mission: to intercept and record the enemy ship's internal communications.
Our codename: Blue Wind!
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for your patience.
The Miss Macross Contest, the first broadcast of MBS,
the Macross Broadcast System, is about to begin!
Five seconds to air!
Four!
Three!
Two!
Celebrating the launch of MBS, the Macross Broadcast System,
this is the Miss Macross Contest!
Of the twenty-eight beauties standing on this stage today,
only one can have the honor of being chosen as Miss Macross.
The Fanliner, the latest model in sports jets,
which has been equipped with a VA hydro-turbine engine.
This model is based on a design by lkki Takemi!
Only one lady is suited to own such a high-class machine
and that lady is you!
That really is something else, isn't it?
They say it's brand-new. That it was assembled right here on the ship.
And now, allow me to introduce our judges.
First up, there's the captain of the Macross, Commodore Global!
I have to say, the Captain looks pretty dignified.
He has a dirty look in his eyes.
You know, you should have entered.
You might have won.
An enemy craft has begun circling us at 12 o'clock high.
I think it's a recon ship.
Who's on standby right now?
Vermillion Team, commanded by...
2nd Lieutenant Hikaru Ichijo.
Prometheus!
Call up 2nd Lt. Ichijo.
What? He's not there?!
You can't be serious!
Entry number 4!
Miss Shoh Blackstone!
Miss Blackstone is a college student who will turn twenty this year,
and she says her likes include apple pie!
I got them to have you come out last.
Thanks, Mariko.
Jamis Merin!
Who would have thought that they'd have you come out first?!
And that was their way of being accommodating!
I swear! It's always, always like this!
Stop it! This isn't Hollywood.
Then why are you bothering with something like this?
I'm just doing my job!
Um, Miss Jamis?
Could I get your autograph? I'm a big fan.
I'm sorry, but this is all I have right now. Could you sign this?
I'm sorry, I'm not feeling well right now.
If you want an autograph, you should bring a proper autograph book.
Number 12, Lynn Minmay! Please get ready.
Okay!
She's next!
Entry number 12, Miss Lynn Minmay!
Lynn Minmay was visiting from Yokohama when she got caught up in the fighting.
It's the Chinese dress!
This cute young girl just turned sixteen last week!
Very nice!
Judges, feel free to ask your questions.
You're much prettier in person than in your photograph.
Do you have a boyfriend?
No, I still don't have anyone I could call a boyfriend.
I do have a lot of friends though.
Friends...
I see that you're an only child. Is it hard for you to get close to boys?
No... I have a cousin who's like a big brother to me, so...
A cousin who's like a big brother, huh?
2nd Lieutenant Ichijo!
2nd Lieutenant Hikaru Ichijo!
What the...?
If you're there, please contact the bridge immediately!
What do THEY want?
Bridge, please.
YOU! What kind of a soldier wanders off when he's on standby?!
An enemy vessel is right on top of us!
I'm eating!
Just get back to the Prometheus, and hurry! This is a scramble!
Fine, I...
Hey, taxi!
What the hell? If it's a scramble, they should launch everybody!
Taxi!
Hey, Hikaru!
Go for it, kid!
The Prometheus, and step on it!
Entry number 13, Miss Hiromi Rockfield!
This is Vermillion 1. I have just launched.
2nd Lieutenant Ichijo!
That armored loadout is only authorized for special missions.
Yeah.
You didn't launch the Ghosts either, did you?
No need.
How can you make such decisions on your own?
You should just provide support for the Ghosts.
Look, could you just give me the enemy's position?
It looks like our military transmissions are being jammed.
Huh?
The store that kinda has a lot: General Products, located in the third ward.
And now, we move on to round two of the judging.
This is the swimsuit competition, where the contestants' bodies...
Switch to channel D-3!
Radio guidance is useless, so we're switching to laser guidance.
Your wish is my command.
Well? Are we getting anything?
Yeah, it's coming in with no trouble.
I've just started recording.
All right, patch the visuals up here.
What in the world?!
Should they be doing that?
Is something the matter?
Look! There are men and women aboard the same ship!
What?!
You seem tense. Is something the matter?
No, not really.
Huh?
I'm getting some static here.
Isn't it bad on your end too?
Wha...?
It looks like switching to D-3 didn't help.
I wonder what's going on?
Now then...
Entry number 10, Miss Mickley Forrester!
Just two more before my Minmay!
Who knew that Minmay had such a cute body?
Yeah, she's compact but she comes fully equipped!
Number 12!
Yes?
Please head to the stage entrance!
Okay!
Entry number 12, Miss Lynn Minmay!
Oww!
Are you all right?
Ow, it hurts!
Are they testing combat suits?
I don't think a flimsy uniform like that...
Then what are they doing?
I can't put it into words,
but I feel a kind of excitement that's different from what I get during combat.
Yeah, I'm definitely getting a strange, tingly kind of feeling
that's making my chest pound.
Like when you win a battle?
No, it's more like a shock. I'm definitely feeling quite a shock.
An enemy attack!
How many are there?
One unit! It's the one from before!
What?! He's still alive?
This just isn't my day...
Entry number 28, Miss Jamis Merin!
First off, could you give us a famous line from one of your movies?
I'd like to dance, but I just can't.
So please... Could you move your foot? You're standing on my dress.
You're still recording that information, right?
Yeah, I'm getting everything.
Go!
Plow through them!
I can't believe this guy!
I can't believe this guy!
Checking for damage. We're configured for attack.
Damn it!
Bastard!
What's he doing?
He's coming right at us!
It's no use! Get to the escape capsule!
This is Blue Wind. Our recon craft has been destroyed.
We have also destroyed an enemy fighter.
However, we've failed to retrieve any data.
Destruction of enemy recon craft confirmed.
Lift the air-raid alert.
Come on, let's watch the rest!
We will now begin the final round of judging!
Who will have the honor of being crowned Miss Macross?!
Oh, no! They're already down to the finalists!
Guess we've missed most of it...
I wonder what's keeping that patrol unit?
He's probably checking out all the girls.
Maybe so.
Look, look! Jamis Merin is still there!
Don't be stupid, of course she is.
Other than Jamis, there really aren't any girls left who make an impression.
Hey! That girl from the Nyan-Nyan restaurant is one of the finalists.
I thought it was all over for me.
It feels like I'm in a dream!
Great! At this rate, things are looking pretty good for her!
You bet! Miss Macross, huh?
She doesn't stand a chance.
Right from the start, this contest was just a popularity stunt for Jamis.
She may be famous, but it's not over yet!
A famous actress like her should have been made a guest judge.
So if she's actually competing, it means...
I see... It's been rigged so that she'll win!
No! Everyone here in the audience decides the winner!
I won't let it happen!
Our seven judges have chosen these five beauties as our finalists!
And now, the members of the audience will cast their votes to determine
which of these young ladies will be crowned Miss Macross!
You've all chosen wisely, I take it?
And so, it's time for the voting section of our Miss Macross contest!
Ladies and gentlemen, please take hold of the switch by your hand.
When I give the signal, press the switch!
Is everyone ready?
Here goes!
Swtich on!
We have a winner! It's been decided!
Miss Macross is...
Lynn Minmay!
She did it, everyone! Our Minmay is Miss Macross!
Minmay...
MBS, the Macross Broadcast System,
celebrates its launch by bringing you the Miss Macross contest.
And Miss Lynn Minmay has been crowned our queen! Congratulations!
Minmay's the queen?
One of Minmay's dreams has come true.
But to Hikaru, it was a very sad event.
For as Minmay gazed off far into the distance,
Hikaru saw a world that he knew he could never enter.
Next Episode
Preview
An intimidation attack by the Zentradi fleet...
renders the Macross's radar system inoperable.
In the middle of this, Misa boards a Cat's Eye recon plane and,
with Hikaru's team providing guard, follows behind the Macross.
BLIND GAME
BLIND GAME
I won't follow it anymore,
The shadow you cast as you run away
We all keep running until the end...
But we still can't see the goal
What awaits us after today?
What awaits us beyond tomorrow?
Even now, I keep running toward
The light that shines so far away
