= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
Approved
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai you kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we could go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
The other star has arrived!
A round of applause for this brave merchant!
Wolf and Unbridged Divide
I repeat my declaration!
I shall repay the debt that that is shouldered by the traveling nun.
And when she has been granted freedom...
By the name of St. Lambardos who watches over the Rowen Trading Guild from above,
I swear that I shall profess my sincere love to her!
Horo already told me of her misfortune and the how she has been treated.
I will use my social standing and fortunes to restore the feathers of freedom to her,
and then propose to her.
A seal of blood, and that knife.
You're serious, aren't you?
Even if her debt is paid off, Horo won't necessarily stop traveling with me.
I am confident that she will.
Furthermore, Horo is, while not perfect, still a nun.
Marriage is
Horo does not belong to any convent.
Because she's just a nun out of convenience while traveling,
she isn't bound by the clergy to any oaths forbidding marriage.
You've done your homework.
According to Kumerson city law, when a woman is in debt, her guardian holds the rights as creditor.
If you were to unconditionally accede to my marriage proposal,
we could settle this without a contract.
Lawrence.
Will you take the contract knife?
Don't run away, Lawrence!
That'd be shameful as a man!
Let me see the contract.
1000 Trenni silver?
I will repay you the sum that Horo owes you before evening tomorrow.
There's no mistake in the expiry period, right?
Correct.
1000 Trenni silver in cash.
I won't accept any bargaining or loans.
Agreed.
Understood.
Then the contract is established.
We'll meet here again tomorrow, then.
There's no need to worry.
For something as trivial as having her debts paid,
my companion won't be swayed.
Alright! Double for Lawrence, four times for Amarty!
5 Iredo on Lawrence!
I'm putting 12 Iredo on you too!
Bartose.
It seems you've gotten involved in something troublesome.
Seriously.
I believe Amarty has come up with a way to make good on the money.
And likely,
not a particularly tasteful way either.
It would be too pitiable for Amarty if I were to help you too much, so I won't go into the details.
I just wanted to let you know.
Why?
Because no matter the reason, having someone to travel with is a happy thing.
Having that taken from you would be too harsh.
So then?
What will you do if that boy hands over the 1000 silver?
After settling the money you've spent, I'd give you the rest.
Don't test me.
If Amarty is able to complete the contract, I'd hold up my end of the deal.
Oh?
Quite a bit of confidence you have.
It's not confidence.
I simply trust in you.
Geez...
You're much cuter when you're panicking.
I'm quite impressed with how much I've grown, myself.
You think you're grown-up because you stay calm and composed?
Am I wrong?
If you simply analyze the odds, then find they're in your favor and act all smug...
That's just plain scheming.
Call it a merchant's skill.
Refusing Amarty's contract would also have been an elegant way out, wouldn't it?
That's...
I'm sure you made your decision after judging the reactions of the onlookers, right?
Let's think about how it'd be if our roles were reversed.
Reversed?
I want to stay by Lawrence's side forever!
Even though I'm in debt, it's a bond that connects the two of us.
I wouldn't be able to endure that link being severed.
Even if I am to be put to shame right here,
I cannot accept that contract.
What do you think?
T-That's definitely a manly way of handling it, but whether it's grown-up or not is a different matter.
Well, while it's true I'd be happy, that's only something a youngster without regard for consequences would say.
It would be overdoing it.
If you think about it that way, maybe manly behavior and grown-up behavior can't mix.
A proper man appears childish, and a proper grown-up appears cowardly.
In that case, how would the womanly and grown-up sage wolf Horo respond to that situation?
I'd smile and take it, of course.
And then after accepting the contract and returning to the inn,
I'd kneel like this.
I'm sure you agreed because you thought it was a good gamble,
but you'll undoubtedly make additional moves in the shadow.
Like back door dealings and misinformation?
You want me to take you to the festival, right?
A merchant wouldn't hesitate to bribe in order to fulfill a contract, right?
Are you sure that's okay?
Taking the rumored beauty around with you?
If I kept her locked up in the inn, I'd really look like I was using her debt to tie her down.
That's the whole truth.
I really am bound by the fetters of an enormous debt.
These chains are so heavy that I could not escape no matter what.
If you could undo them for me, I would be happy to dirty myself with flour.
No wonder Amarty fell head over heels.
The real one being tied down is definitely Lawrence.
Master!
Good work!
So, how was it?
Right.
Um... there's 200 Iredo in taxes recorded in the tax ledger.
Which means, as far as the city council is aware of,
Amarty has about 800 Trenni silver worth of assets.
What kind of gambling is there here?
Cards, dice, and Hare and Hounds
Note: Wiki Hare and Hounds (Board Game)
Theres also a limit on the stakes.
Speaking of gambling, I heard that in the case that Amarty wins, there's also bets on which one of you will win after that.
I see.
Right now you have the advantage at a 1.2 to 1 payoff.
It's pretty close.
I should have the banker share some of the earnings with me.
So, what's the real situation like?
Even when there's an answer, there are some questions in this world that can't be answered easily.
For instance,
the purity of that flour.
What would I do if my debts were cleared?
That's what you want to ask, right?
W-Well, that'd be unreasonable.
But if that's the case, the only thing we can do is observe the opponent's actions directly.
How sneaky.
Call it an underwater battle.
After all, he'll definitely send people to watch my every move as well.
I wonder about that.
I heard that Amarty was originally the heir of a rich family.
He left home and came to this remote region, with a will as strong as his sense for profit.
He looks down on the way the rest of us form connections with other merchants in town.
He made it this far on his own strength.
He's almost like a heroic knight.
That's true.
Maybe that's exactly why he fell for a charming nun.
After all, the women of town have an even stronger bond amongst themselves than we do.
They don't take well to outsiders.
I don't think he'd be able to deal with that.
It's admirable.
But I'm a merchant.
I'm free to make use of my connections.
It may be sneaky for a knight, but in a battle between merchants there are no such complaints.
In the meantime, could you continue gathering information?
Bartose seems to think Amarty has a way to collect the funds.
If the contract goes unfulfilled, you won't have to continue worrying about it.
And if all goes well,
I just might be able to make a profit from Amarty's scheme.
Wasn't that a shepherd's horn just now?
It was.
It wouldn't normally be blown in town.
If that shepherdess girl had followed us here, what would you do?
Nothing much. I'd just greet her with How unexpected!.
If you don't get flustered then it looks like I'm trying to win you over.
Well that's just delightful. So much so that it's scary.
Oh right, the festival just started.
Shall we go then?
Just eating is boring.
I can't see...
This way!
We get front-row seats!
We should thank Amarty for this.
What a splendid act.
And the atmosphere isn't bad.
Let's join them!
Alright!
Be careful not to step on my feet.
I'll try not to.
What's next?
Bed's next.
Just a little further.
Bed...
Will you be gentle to me?
Idiot.
Pardon me.
A letter from Mark arrived for you while you were out.
From Mark?
It can wait till tomorrow.
Or maybe not...
Sorry for waking you.
I need to go meet Mark again for a bit.
With a female-scented letter hidden in your jacket?
This is... um...
Is there anything else you're hiding from me?
Actually, yesterday, I met with someone familiar with legends from the north and asked about Yoitsu.
She happened to be a woman.
And then?
I got some worthwhile information from her.
I also heard a story about you.
Me?
Y-Yes.
There was a legend about you in Renose.
We called her'Horou of the wheaten tail'.
That's you, right?
I don't know.
The legend spoke about which direction you came from.
Are you serious?
Y-Yeah.
It seems you came from a forest east of Renose.
Southwest of Niohira and east of Renose, in the mountains, is apparently where Yoitsu is located.
Were you hiding that so you could surprise me later?
I wish you had told me sooner.
Sorry.
When all we knew was that it was southwest of Niohira, it would've been hard to find.
But with this, we've narrowed it down quite a bit.
I expect this letter holds additional information.
At this rate, we might arrive sooner than I expected.
I see.
If we got to Niohira, wouldn't you be able to go back alone?
Even if it takes half a year, let's do our best to find it together.
I'll going to go see Mark now, then.
With that female-scented letter in your pocket?
You're pretty relaxed for someone who's asking others to help out.
Right, Lawrence?
Though, I do have a lot of free time during the festival.
And I'm making quite a bit thanks to you.
You took advantage of it? What's the scheme?
It was easy money, I raked it in.
I knew as soon as you said Bartose had an idea of what the scheme was.
Precious stones?
Close, but not quite.
You wouldn't really call what we're dealing in precious stones.
Pyrite?
Oh, you already knew?
It's about the fortune telling, isn't it?
Yeah.
But that that fellow's not in town any more.
Supposedly she attracted the attention of the Inquisition.
The town would be in mayhem if the church had really come.
Exactly.
And there's too much pyrite going around.
I'll bet she bought it in bulk from some town and disappeared once it sold out.
And thanks to the fortune teller's sales pitch, the church is after them, so its value is skyrocketing.
How much do you think it's worth right now?
Let's see...
Guessing liberally, 100?
270.
No way!
It's a stupid price, but when the market opens tomorrow I expect it'll rise even more.
Even so, this goes for 270?
Even worthless junk, given a story that they have some effect, will go for a high price.
The women of the town are crazy about these right now.
They're competing over how much they can get wealthy traders and farmers to spend on the miracle stones.
Every time they plead the price goes up.
To think this would become such a huge business...
We're no longer talking about profit in mere percentages here.
We're talking several or even ten times the return.
Meaning that Amarty is likely raking in the money faster than lightning.
No way...
I only just got into it and I've already made 300 Iredo.
Nobody wants to let this one out on their watch.
Who else knows about this?
It seems to have spread throughout the marketplace this morning.
While you and the princess were dancing,
there was already a huge ruckus in front of the ore merchant stands.
I've failed as a merchant...
No, you can still pull through.
With all the merchants running amok for these, the prices have skyrocketed.
Besides,
if by chance you fail, you'll have the money to buy a new princess, right?
Well, for now Ill be buying some of these from you using the credit from the nails.
By the way, are things really okay with you and the princess?
Amarty might just be able to buy out her debt.
No need to worry.
With the money from this deal, I'll make more profit.
And then, chosen by the now-free princess, I'll resume my journey.
That's quite some confidence.
Of course.
You... can read?
Hey...
What should I do?
I no longer have a home to go back to...
What should I do?
It's only an old story.
A lot of those legends are inaccurate.
Inaccurate?
Right.
Like when ruling forces change,
they often spread stories like that.
If that's the case,
why didn't you say anything?
This topic... is just too sensitive.
When I read this I meant to tell you...
I just...
I've been running around carefree without knowing anything all this time...
It must have been fun for you to watch, right?
Horo...
What!
Please calm down.
My mind is going in circles.
You've known about Yoitsu all along, haven't you?
I'm right, aren't I?
You knew it when we first met!
If so, that explains a lot of things.
Horo...
You...
like weak, pitiable lambs after all, don't you?
How did it feel listening to me talk about returning to my hometown, completely ignorant that it's already gone?
My foolishness must have been cute to you.
So pitiable that you loved it!
That's why you let me indulge myself and treated me kindly, right?
You told me to go back alone once we got to Niohira because you're already tired of me, right?
Horo!
I've become alone...
There's no one waiting for me at home anymore...
I've really become alone.
I'm here, aren't I?
What are you to me?
No...
What am I to you?
No...
I don't want to be alone anymore!
Horo...
Hey...
Would you mate with me?
Horo...
I'm alone now...
But if I had a child, there'd be two of us.
Look, I'm in human form right now.
Hey, won't you
Don't say any more!
That's right!
You're that kind of man.
I didn't expect anything from you to begin with!
That's right, I remember now.
There's someone who truly loves me.
You're not panicking because you know you're going to trade me for 1000 silver, right?
Right!?
Say something!
Sorry.
Wolf and End of Shallowness
Next episode: Wolf and End of Shallowness
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei no bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetai kara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
Because I want to embrace you
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
OS
