You look great, Honoka-chan.
Thank you. And so do you, Subaru-san.
Sorry to make you wait, Master.
Excuse me.
Yes
Misa-chan, can I borrow that tray?
Watch out.
This isn't our tray.
I'm sorry. I brought it from home for training purposes.
W-W-What is this made of? It's wedged into the ground!
I found a perfect material from scraps.
So easily?!
Prez, are you doing that because the sports fest is coming up?
Of course.
I'll finish first in all the races and get all the prizes.
For the sake of the girls in Seika.
We will now begin the 81st Seika High School Sports Festival.
They're so fired up.
Naturally, Yukimura.
Seika's sports fest is fought between classes: every class from freshman to senior and the girls group.
And the special rules heat things up even more.
There's a prize for each race.
The team with the winner will receive these prizes.
Besides, the obstacle course from the morning races comes with a special prize.
No way!!
Give it up, Hanazono Sakura! You've been chosen by the school survey as the No. 1 girl we want to be kissed by.
I don't want to do this.
Sakura!
I'm sorry. It's my fault. I thought I had banned this reward.
But after it's been officially announced to everyone...
Hanazono Sakura's kiss!
I, Goda, will definitely make it mine.
Misaki...
This is too unfair.
Don't worry.
I will protect you.
Anyone who goes near Sakura,
I will murder them one by one.
Retreat!
I'm not going to lose, either!
Looks like this year will be more exciting than usual.
I was absent last year.
This is my first sports festival, so I'm really looking forward to it.
Usui-san!
Why won't you run the 1000m for the class?
It's the Extra Serving Fried Pork Cutlet Curry just for you for 3 months, and it's limited to 30 per day!
I'm not running.
Boo.
Yeah, he only watched last year, too.
Let's give up and try the best with just us.
It has finally started, the Seika Sports Day!
Your announcer of the day will be Hagimoto, the broadcasting rep!
Which class will be the winner?
Or will it be the girls' team?
The first race is the popular 100m dash!
Will she be the winner?
Girls' team's President Ayuzawa is on fire.
Misaki, good luck!
The runners are gathering up to the starting line.
Who will be getting the right to play any music you like for a month during the lunch hour?
I'm going to come in first and blast death metal throughout the school.
What happened to 2-6?
He's frozen at the start line.
So President Ayuzawa really is the fastes-oh!
A monster...
She's a monster...
Goal!
Misaki, you're so cool!
You're amazing, Ayuzawa-san.
The peace during the lunch hour is preserved.
We thought something like this would happen...
But who thought she would be so serious about it.
No fret. There are still plenty of prizes left.
200m dash, first place, girls' team!
What?!
400m dash, first place, girl's team!
Girls' team comes in first for the 1500m run, too!
We can't accept this!
Forbid them from letting one person do everything!
But there is no rule that says repetitive entry is not allowed.
Even then, this is unfair!
Unfair?
What a funny thing to say.
I'm fighting with everything I've got!
Misaki, are you alright?
Here, have some oxygen.
Participants in the Cavalry, please gather up.
The Cavalry's next.
You'll get to rest, Misaki.
Yeah, this isn't something anyone can do alone.
You don't have to compete in it, Misaki.
The girls' team has a handicap, and we get points even if we don't participate in it.
Even if we get the point, we can't get the first place prize.
I want to win as many prizes as possible and create an environment that's more relaxing for the girls.
Misaki!
Miss Prez, please take a break.
Okay.
Next is the 1000m run.
I sat out the Calvary, so I better win this one.
1000m run, first place, girls' team!
She took it away!
Monster! Demon!
Goda, I think beating her to take first place is impossible.
Don't worry. I'll use whatever means it takes to win.
We're starting the last race of the morning shortly, the obstacle course.
The number of participants is unlimited!
Who will be the first to go around the school once, avoiding all the traps?!
And who will be the one to win the kiss?!
I will protect Sakura!
Holy crap.
She looks as if she's already killed someone.
Are we really going to do it, Goda?
Of course. And by any means.
On your marks,
Get set,
Everyone's running hard out!
First obstacle is-
You knew it was coming, the steep wall!
We're already seeing people disqualify.
Next is the tightrope walk.
My condolences to people who are scared of heights!
With the number of contestants greatly reduced, the current leaders are 3-2 Goda-senpai and 2-1 President Ayuzawa!
The two of them have come to the pool trap!
Here, you fail when you fall into the water!
Shoot, I'm starting to get tired.
But I must save Sakura no matter what!
I'm
Fall...
ing...
You...
Usui?!
Why?
However, Goda-senpai takes a big lead with this.
I must catch up.
It's cute watching you try so hard.
But can you leave this to me?
He's fast!
I've got to catch up.
We're at the volleyball court now.
Goda-senpai is leading the race himself.
All right!
At this rate, Hanazono Sakura's kiss is mine.
That one back there was a little underhanded, wasn't it, Goda-senpai?
What a surprise!
Usui Takumi has caught up with the leader!
And President Ayuzawa isn't far behind, too!
In this chaos, the Volleyball Team's spikes attack them!
The two leads are back to the field!
They only have a little further to go to the goal!
Damn it.
Kiss the ground!
Too bad.
First place is 2-2, Usui Takumi!
Excuse me.
Coming in second is President Ayuzawa.
Which means that Usui Takumi wins the prize to be kissed by Hanazono Sakura!
I'm sorry, Sakura.
It's fine, Misaki. You fought so much for me.
Oh, so it's a ticket to getting kissed.
Then I don't need it.
Rather than receiving,
I prefer doing it.
So, the kiss ticket goes to second place, President Ayuzawa.
Kiss.
I should have finished second...
I'm glad for you, Sakura-san.
It's done!
It's complete.
Good job, Kurotatsu.
It's wonderful.
We'll go into lunch break and start the afternoon's program.
You're doing great out there, Sis.
I got out of school early so I came to see you.
Suzuna.
I heard that there are ways to win prizes other than mail in prizes.
Next week, there's a sports fest within our district, and the week after has one in the shopping district.
So make sure you participate.
Sports Fest. Skipping it to be sewing. You saw it coming?
Good job, Kurotatsu.
You're so good at this it's almost freaky.
So when should we give this to Misa-chan?
Yeah...
Hey, someone's coming! Hurry and hide that!
Where?
There are white bags here.
Shove it in this for now.
We'll now start the afternoon's program.
I wanted to be as far away as possible from this, I went to the point of forgetting that it existed.
Prez, you're participating in this, too?
Maybe I should pass on this one.
Why?
The costume race is like a race made just for you.
Don't worry. No one would find out the work you do even if you dressed up.
Let's cosplay.
Can I punch you?
If you participate, then so will I.
Participate if you want to.
Misaki-san! I will participate in the costume race!
A minimum of 1 person must participate in this race, too.
We feel bad to be relying on you so much.
I'll participate, too, so take a rest.
Besides, this race will see relatively slow people.
So I should join in since I'm not an athlete.
Oh! But the race requires you to change clothes.
No fret.
I have a poncho to change into.
Shizuko, you're so well prepared.
There's nothing to worry about with this.
No way, Shizuko!
I can't throw a frail girl into the midst of the wolves bare naked!
I'll go.
Next up, program number 12, costume race.
All participants, please gather.
I'll be fine. I'll be fine. No one knows that I work as a maid.
Prez. You're walking with the same leg and arm.
What makes you think you'll be fine but not the other girls?
Because I'm strong.
Okay, I'll get a costume that doesn't stand out and finish stealthily.
Man, it's started.
This is boring even just to watch.
The participants are not into it and the costumes are half-assed.
The prize is shit, too.
It was a pencil that raises your intelligence from the Principal, wasn't it?
It's such a downer.
Oh, so you'll be participating from the girls' team, Prez?
Yukimura.
What? Usui-san, too?
Most participants in this race are people who are bad at sports.
It doesn't matter since Prez is here.
You're not good at sports, too, Yukimura?
No. I'm a drag at sports festivals.
But coming to Seika, I'm happy that there is a program that even I can participate in.
That said, I was out sick last year.
So this is my first year doing it.
Then you must be pumped.
Yes.
Prez, make sure you do your best with cosplaying, too.
Let's explain the rules!
50m from the start is the costume rack.
Please get the entire bag without looking inside.
50m ahead of that is the changing room!
Get changed in the dark, run around the track once for the finish line.
The catch of the game is if you can choose a costume you can change into quickly or not.
Everyone, please gather up at the starting line.
Hey, look.
Why is Usui-san there?
There were so many other programs we wanted him to be in!
Let's get this over with.
Yeah, it's the lamest part of the day.
Ready-
It's like this after 3 seconds?
It's throwing me off.
Prez! Prez!
Come on, hurry. Which one will you choose?
You look like you're enjoying this.
But seriously, we can't tell what's inside at all.
I think something that looks heavy will have more fabric.
And I'll change before the tent gets filled with guys.
Where did it go?
Why? Why? Why?
The maid uniform I made!
It's pitch dark!
I can't tell what the uniform is at all with this.
But I feel something I'm familiar with.
Prez, what was your uniform?
Illusion! That was an illusion, right?!
Think that way if you want.
That's a maid uniform.
Why?! Of all things?!
Must be because you chose something with lots of fabric.
What's the big problem?
If you think about it, it's a good choice.
After all, you're a girl.
That's true, but...
Check out the others.
I don't know what to say.
See?
If you want, I'll get you changed.
Stop being a blatant perv!
Whoops.
Why did I just hear a dog bark?
Yukimura!
Is that voice the Prez?
I'm sorry, did I do something?
No, you didn't.
I'll get moving right away.
Hey, Yukimura.
He's so focused, he doesn't hear you.
Anyways, you should worry about yourself over Yukimura.
Right.
What should I do with this maid uniform?
The costume changed!
Not exactly, Prez.
Who is that maid?
Yukimura?
He looks good in it.
Actually, isn't it more well made than others?
Maybe he prepared it himself, trying to stand out.
What are you saying?
You want to say things like, I look good in a maid outfit right?
Oh, so that's what it is.
No...
Trying to add a flower to this race, eh?
How considerate.
Those jerks...
I've had enough!
You can't.
If you're not in a costume, you'll be disqualified.
Now's not the time for that!
It's inevitable.
Yukimura's just like that and he's working hard given that it's his first time in the event,
But pretty much everyone in the race has no motivation.
You can't blame those who are not athletic for not getting pumped up.
And it's natural that a race composed of people without motivation isn't fun.
Even if one person gets serious in an environment like that, they're bound to stand out.
In other words, they can't have fun without teasing those who are taking the race seriously?!
I won't let that happen.
Are you okay, maid?
Maybe the length isn't right, despite preparing it yourself.
He looks really flustered.
This is hilarious.
Look.
Are you okay?
Stand, Yukimura.
We'll run together.
Who's that?
Look, another one's coming.
Usui-san?!
Their costumes really are a step above the rest!
Wait up, Prez.
Prez?!
Why are those two so serious in a costume race?!
Is there a problem with doing it seriously?
N-
Not at all.
I thought she was pretty cool for a second there.
Why don't we all finish last together?
We should at least run.
You're wearing that perfectly, Prez.
Shut up and run!
Um...
Thank you very much.
Misaki, you look so cool.
So there were costumes like these, too.
Actually, we slapped together several different costumes.
Prez, that's a disqualification.
Oh, I knew it.
But it's pretty well made, right?
I'm amazed, Prez.
How can you torture your body this much in one day?
Hey, I think the costume race can be improved.
It's natural that people wouldn't like the race if all the costumes were cheap.
If we increased the choices and threw in more cute and cool looking ones, maybe people would enjoy it more.
You think I can bring this up in the student council?
Yeah, I think so.
Okay!
Prez,
Good job.
Can't you say that like anyone else?!
Why?!
We finally found it, and...
I made it for Misaki-chan, putting in the time of an entire week...
I'm tired today, so you bored-looking Usui over there, take care of the rest.
Ah, so here's the script.
Usui-san, you're cutting too many corners.
You look like you'll be having trouble next week, too, Yukimura-kun.
Okay, so the Moron Trio will be there.
Stop. I'm not going to let you call us Moron Trio anymore.
We'll be burning hot next time.
No, that's a little wrong, Shiroyan.
It's you'll burn if you mess with me, right, Ikkun?
Hey, I see moron written in the title.
Why?!
