= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
Approved
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai you kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we could go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
No...
I don't want to be alone anymore!
Horo...
That's right, I remember now.
There's someone who truly loves me.
What are you to me?
No...
What am I to you?
Wolf and End of Shallowness
In the end...
he was just a small-minded trader.
Indeed.
If he can't do anything to comfort a lady as beautiful as you,
he's nothing but a failure as a man.
You'll protect me whatever happens, unlike him, right?
Of course.
Even if all my fortunes were taken away, I'd still have my love for you.
Craft Lawrence is nothing but a coward.
Amarty...
Don't be stupid!
Geez, I warned you.
You were so full of confidence before, but look at you now.
This was unforeseen.
Completely outside my expectations.
You mean you let your guard down.
Be honest.
You're right.
So, what did you want to ask?
If you're after a loan, I can't help you.
I want to know which way the wind is blowing.
Like setting sail and going out to sea,
for an outsider like myself, the day to day market trends are unpredictable.
Give it up.
You can't stop its value from rising any more than you can stop a raging horse.
The auction placards only increase in number the more they're sold.
There are no signs that prices will be falling anytime soon.
Unless you're an omnipotent god, there's no way you can change that.
Then I'll just have to play god.
I doubt Amarty will allow himself to be caught by a predictable price drop.
Are you planning to crash the market?!
That's my only choice, right?
At any rate,
I've got to turn all that pyrite he bought into plain rocks by sunset tomorrow.
A ploy that Amarty wouldn't be able to read...
A ploy that will crash the market...
Could such a trick exist?
Take a look at these!
You're putting a lot on this!
Are you leaving the wheat business for mining?
Rumor has it its value will double by tomorrow.
Double? Are you sure?
Almost certain.
If you close up shop for the festival, you'll miss a chance to set sail!
This is no time to be seriously buying wheat, eh?
Mr. Lawrence!
A letter?
I wrote it just a moment ago at the request of your companion.
200 silver in cash,
300 silver worth of pyrite, and 200 silver in saleable property...
These are Amarty's assets!
Horo...
This is...
Amarty's handwriting?
That Horo.
Did she make him sign another crazy contract?
Take out all the cash I stored here!
All of it!
What's up with him?
It's that guy, remember?
Hey!
Watch where you're going!
Excuse me.
O-Okay...
Good evening.
You don't have to be so wary.
I just came to talk business.
That's all the more reason to put up my guard.
Might you have a moment?
Of course.
You said business talk, right?
Frequently as of late, television programs have been
illegally misappropriated for use on the internet. Distribution
of this program on the internet is crazy awesome
and we encourage you to keep at it. Remember to seed!
Yes.
What exactly are you planning?
I'll get right to it.
I'd like to sell you some pyrite.
I'd like to sell you some pyrite.
500 Trenni silver worth, at its current market value.
You're joking.
It's no joke.
Surely you're aware that I'm profiting off pyrite resale.
What do you mean to accomplish by selling it to me?
Could the rumors that you'd give up Horo as long as you get the money be true?
By the name of St. Lambardos who watches over the Rowen Trading Guild from heaven,
I swear that I shall profess my sincere love to her!
He's almost like a heroic knight.
But if that's the case, the only thing we can do is observe the opponent's actions directly.
How sneaky.
You really are a knight.
Ah, excuse me.
Of course, I still care about her.
Horo is a very important person to me.
Then why?
I don't intend to hand the pyrite over in a simple sale.
I want to sell on credit.
Basically,
I want to sell you 500 Trenni silver worth of pyrite tomorrow evening at its current market price.
In that case, why not discuss this tomorrow?
No.
I want to receive the payment now.
I will accept 500 silver from you now.
And then tomorrow evening, I'll give you 500 silver worth of pyrite at its value right now.
So even if the value of pyrite rises tomorrow,
I'll still receive 500 silver worth of pyrite at its current lower value.
As expected,
you catch on quick.
On the other hand, if the value drops tomorrow, I'll also still receive the same amount.
Correct.
How is this any different from a standard transaction?
If you sell something and its value increases, you'd regret it,
and if its value decreases, you'd be at ease.
If you think of it that way, it's not really...
No, that's wrong.
Do you understand now?
This way, even if you didn't have the money on hand, you could still acquire the goods.
And after that, no matter how much its value changed, you'd just have to pay back the original price.
So if its value rises, you'd make a profit.
Yes, that's buying on credit.
So when I actually give you the pyrite, if its value has fallen then I'll have profited by that much.
There are many ways to conduct business, aren't there.
Do you get the idea now?
I understand the meaning behind the deal you're proposing now.
If I buy 500 silver worth of pyrite from you,
my profits will go up if its value increases,
but in the case that it goes down, it's possible I'll make an immeasurable loss.
In other words, this is
Right.
I'm challenging you to a duel, Amarty.
Even assuming the value of pyrite falls tomorrow evening,
I'd just have to sell some off beforehand, while the price is still high.
In other words, I can step away from the duel whenever I want.
Since I can reach my goal with just a slight increase in value, this deal would be too unfair for you, wouldn't it?
I wouldn't want to make a contract for the sake of my own profit, at your loss.
Not at all.
Such a disadvantage is just about right.
There is the possibility that Horo rips up the contract that she signed with you.
Even if you pay back the 1000 silver debt, you're relying dangerously on Horo accepting your proposal.
My disadvantage is nothing compared to that risk.
I've heard the two of you had quite a fight.
In our travels, Horo has cried in my arms three times.
When she's like that, she's very cute,
but also quite stubborn.
She tends to say things she doesn't really mean.
In other words...
I accept!
Pardon me,
but I had thought that taking everything from you would have been too harsh, which is why I initially declined.
But if you put it like that, I'll accept.
In fact I will strip you of all your poessessions!
Shall we seal the contract then?
As you wish.
Cheers!
This is good beer.
Have you had any good ideas?
Don't wheat sales pick up at the end of the festival?
They do.
When that time comes, I'd like you to spread a rumor.
I'm not going to do anything risky.
It may be risky if you were to say it yourself,
but there'd be no problem if it was the boy, right?
I guess it's about time for wheat prices to go up.
You plan to lower the price of these stones with a rumor?
Yes.
Most people buying pyrite are here to sell their wares, then pick up something else to take back.
The most common load would be wheat.
When the time comes to buy, if they hear that the price of wheat is going up,
they'll sell off their pocket-money pyrite and rush off to buy what they originally came for.
When that happens, the value of pyrite will inevitably fall.
And when it reaches a critical point, it will plummet down to nothing.
I didn't think you were so simple-minded.
What if I said I plan to sell a substantial amount of pyrite at the same time?
How much?
One thousand Trenni silver worth.
A thousand?!
No wa
Do you have any idea how much you'll lose by doing that?
I don't care how much its value drops.
Have you completely lost it?
No.
If I can get 500 silver worth of pyrite by the end of it all,
however much the price rises or falls, I won't lose out.
Damn! You're selling on credit?
Exactly.
So is that all you wanted me to do?
No, there's one more thing.
I'd like you to buy up Pyrite.
Didn't you make the contract after finding a buyer?
Unfortunately I didn't have the time.
You're hopeless...
The best way to buy it up quietly, without affecting the market,
would be to influence the town merchants to each buy a little, right?
I don't mind if you have to pay a little more than market value.
If they'll buy a relatively large amount, I'll pay in Rumione gold coins.
I'll also pay you for your services.
Respectably, too.
No can do.
Good, then...
Huh?
I said I'd pay you!
And not any small amount, either.
There's no way you'll lose out!
I won't lose out?
I'm right, aren't I?
I'm not asking you to make an investment, and of course I'll pay in cash.
What could you possibly have to lose?
You'd be able to pay ten Rumione at best, right?
That's more than enough for you to buy on proxy.
It's not like I'm asking you to travel a rocky mountain yourself and bring back a ridiculous amount or anything!
If you're asking me to go around the market buying up pyrite, then it's the same thing.
What about that is the same!
There are no risks!
I'm just asking you to buy pyrite through your connections.
You're looking at the risks from the perspective of a traveling merchant.
I'm a town merchant whose battlefield is this marketplace.
Town traders who look to profit from easy money have accepted that their primary business will suffer.
I am the owner of this store,
but it isn't just my name that's at stake.
The honor of myself, my wife,
and everyone related to us
even my regular customers.
All of that is on the line.
There's no virtue in a town merchant who shows no hesitation in jumping at every opportunity to make easy money.
Well, making a little pocket money on the side isn't a bad thing.
but buying up 500 silver worth of pyrite is a totally different story.
What would the townsfolk think of me?
In their eyes, I'd be nothing but a worthless merchant who threw his store to the curb on a gamble.
Can you offer a reward that matches that risk?
Even for a small shop like mine, the value of the name on the signboard is surprisingly high.
If that were tarnished, ten or twenty gold coins wouldn't be enough to buy it back.
That's just the way it is.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry for asking such a thing.
With that companion of yours, I guess it's understandable.
But even if you were to act a little less frantically, she wouldn't be swayed that easily, right?
Even after seeing her with you only once, that's the impression I get.
Have some confidence in yourself.
A signed marriage certificate was handed to me.
If her guardian ratifies it, the marriage will be complete.
If nothing had happened, of course I'd be confident.
In this world, darkness lies an inch ahead, eh?
But you're still running the race because you have hope, right?
Right.
You're quite a daredevil.
Is there anyone else you can go to?
I'll try asking Bartose for the time being.
I see.
If you get him to talk to that woman...
That woman?
You know, the chronicler.
Remember her?
That woman has control over this district.
You could say she's the means by which one communicates with the alchemists.
Alchemists are easy targets for various reasons, but so many are able to gather here,
mostly due to the presence of that woman.
So?
Alchemists have pyrite, right?
If you want to make trades without disrupting the market, you'll have to deal with them.
In other words...
In other words, their pyrite is untouched!
That's about all I can do for you.
I know I refused to help, but I'm rooting for you.
I've learned something important.
That in itself is profit.
Well...
Although I can't do anything publicly,
leaking out the amount of money someone's carrying wouldn't be impossible.
Mark...
Come back later.
I'll look into potential buyers.
I'm sure the wind will blow your way.
Do your best.
Right...
Right!
Geez...
You're so predictable it's cute.
If she saw that face of yours, even that princess might do something bold.
What do you mean?
Next episode: Wolf and Hope and Despair
Wolf and Hope and Despair
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei no bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetai kara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
Because I want to embrace you
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
OS
