= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
Approved
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai yo kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we would go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
That's true, but
Wolf and Hope and Despair
The truth is, I'm looking for someone with a stock of pyrite.
Pyrite?
Yes.
Dont you remember what I said about Amartys method of making money?
Of course I do.
It would be too pitiable for Amarty if I were to help you too much...
Not only that.
I also remember that Deanna dislikes business talk.
I thought this was going to be business talk.
You're kidding.
But I have to know, no matter what
how to get Deanna to help me.
Are you after the alchemists' stockpile?
That's right.
Because it's so profitable?
No, that's not it.
Then you want to know your future, or heal some illness?
It's for my own personal gain.
I don't deny it.
However, my gain isn't anything related to the soaring value of pyrite.
It's a more...
When our cart sinks into mud and won't budge,
we weigh the choices of abandoning it or doing whatever it takes to pull it out on a scale.
The value of the goods, the profit, the amount of cash on hand, the travel route,
as well as the cost of paying for someones help.
On top of that, the danger of running into bandits while we're floundering around in a panic.
We take all those kinds of things into account when we're deciding whether to abandon our cargo or not.
And you're in that kind of situation right now?
Yes.
I don't want to abandon my cargo.
As long as I can load it back onto my cart,
I don't care how much trouble it causes me.
That's what I was waiting for.
Even with no time and no other way out, a good merchant will wait patiently.
Then...
I've come to buy a crate of white feathers.
Thank you!
I'll definitely repay
It'll be enough if you just share another ancient legend with me.
What do you think?
Did I sound as dignified as big sis just now?
Is anyone in?
Who is it?
Please excuse me for disturbing you so late.
It's Lawrence. I visited you the other day.
I realize how rude this is, but...
I've come to buy a crate of white feathers.
I guess festivals really do attract people.
It's quite rare for me to have several visitors in one day.
You said you came to buy a crate of white feathers.
Did you hear that from Bartose?
Yes.
I was quite stubborn.
Is that so?
I don't think he's the type to give in to mere persistence, though.
What kind of business proposal was enough to persuade even that stubborn old mule?
I'd like to ask your permission to buy pyrite.
The skyrocketing pyrite that everyone's talking about?
Yes, but
You have some special reason, correct?
That man wouldn't have helped someone who was simply looking to profit.
I need the pyrite not for business, but to settle a duel.
With whom?
With...
No.
With my cargo.
Your cargo?
A traveling merchant's enemy is always his cargo.
Weighing its value, planning its handling,
and researching where it should go.
If he misjudges on any one of these points, a traveling merchant will lose out.
Right now I'm trying to steady a piece of cargo that's about to fall off my cart.
Because after rethinking its value, delivery, and destination, I realized I absolutely cannot lose it.
Buy a crate of white feathers.
It's such an overblown passphrase.
It really just means that you have to entertain me a little.
A happy bird will drop feathers when it flaps its wings, right?
The people who have the passphrase pick and choose who gets to see me.
I just pick out the little details of my guests.
I don't mind.
If it's only pyrite you're after, I'll allow you to purchase it.
Thank you very much!
However...
Someone has already bought some.
How much of it? At what price?
Please calm down.
That customer bought on credit and didn't actually take any goods.
You could say they merely placed an order.
On credit?
Personally I wouldn't mind hand it over to you instead.
The amount was about 1600 Iredo worth by today's market value.
That's 400 Trenni silver worth.
Understood, what's the name of this person?
I'll handle the negotiations.
For safety reasons, we don't reveal the identities of anyone doing business with alchemists.
But...!
Do you have any objections?
No.
This can't be for something normal since you mentioned a duel, so I'll do my best.
I'll let you know the results as soon as possible.
Where will I be able to contact you tomorrow?
In front of the mineral merchant's stall at the marketplace.
I'll be available there throughout the day's trading.
Money is no object,
as long as they don't ask for double the market value or something.
Please inform them that I'm willing to pay quite generously.
I apologize for barging in on you so late.
I wouldn't mind if you stayed all night.
As long as you brought some interesting tales.
What's the matter?
Ah, it's just...
I have a question.
Please, go ahead.
Well...
Are there any legends of pagan gods and humans becoming mates?
Yes.
Plenty.
Really?
But you're in a hurry, right?
We can discuss those stories later, at your leisure.
Yes.
Well then, I'm counting on you.
Do your best.
How'd it go?
I brought it up with Deanna.
But someone beat me to it so I'm not sure how it'll go.
Beat you to it?
So... at this point I can only rely on what you told me.
Ah... about that...
Hurry up and give your report.
Yes!
If you'll pay in Trenni silver, they'll sell 370 coins worth of py
Hey, you want everyone to hear it?
That's how it is.
370 Trenni silver worth?
That much?
It's nothing.
I thought about it after you left.
For someone like me without much money, it's simply a bit of pocket money.
But what about if I had some real money?
Do you think I'd be able to hold back in the midst of this racket?
No, I expect there were a lot of people who secretly bought up lots of it on the side.
And they're all town merchants with their reputations on the line, not lone traders.
Buying it isn't an issue, but the price rose too much so now they're at a loss as to how to sell.
The profit from selling just a small amount is huge, so it stands out.
Anyone who is sensitive of their position would be desperate to sell it off somehow.
So
A traveling merchant blinded by greed says he wants to buy pyrite with cash.
How about it?
Correct!
So what will you do?
If you're okay with it I could start negotiations right away.
Of course, right awa...
What's the matter?
No, it's nothing.
I'm really sorry for everything.
Idiot.
This where you're just supposed to say thank you.
Ah, right. Sorr...
No...
Thank you.
You've changed.
Up until recently you were a traveling merchant to the core from head to toe and inside out.
You never truly thought of me as a friend, did you?
No, that's...
But how about now?
Do I still rank as just another convenient merchant to trade with?
No.
That's why people who become town merchants after spending a long time as traveling merchants tend to fail.
But here's something even more interesting.
If you were faced with the possibility of me leaving this world,
would you be running around town this frantically?
No.
But right now,
that's exactly what you're doing for the sake of your companion.
You started traveling with that girl out of pure luck, right?
Yes.
I just accepted the circumstances as they came.
I feel like I'm watching myself when I first met Adelle.
Poets say love can't be bought with money.
Preachers say there are things more important than money.
So even though we work so hard just to earn money,
how can we obtain something so much more important than that?
Good one, Mark!
Obviously we would consider something which took great effort to obtain to be precious.
But there are times when those precious things enter our lives unexpectedly simply.
And though you didn't even realize it,
you've been protecting your princess.
Being a knight isn't just about physical power.
Though, because Amarty is from a good family,
you may have seen him as a knight.
Don't get so discouraged.
You're the leading actor in this story.
What are you to me?
Do you understand now?
What am I to you?
I feel like I can answer that now.
Horo, put your tail back inside would you?
Morning.
Did Mark tell you what the plan is today?
Yes.
Um...
I'm helping you lay a trap for the evil villain!
Right.
I can't go into the details but that's pretty much it.
I might need to ask you to take on a difficult task.
What's your name?
Um... Lanto!
Ewell Lanto.
You were born farther north than even here, huh?
Yes.
I came from a village frozen in snow and frost.
I see.
Lanto.
I'm counting on you today.
Well...
To start with I'd like a meal.
Should I go buy something?
Um...
One coin is more than enough.
The other one is for your share, little partner.
Of course, I'll pay you a proper reward later too, so don't worry.
But... um...
If you keep hanging around, your master's going to come.
He'd say breakfast is a luxury, right?
I'll be right back!
Don't go spoiling him.
You could've stopped me.
It's pretty cold lately.
It'd be troublesome if he caught a cold because I let him go hungry.
We both benefited then.
Well, his part in this is important to you.
Indeed.
For now, I intend to watch the market until noon.
If it looks like it's rising too much, I'll sell enough pyrite to drop it back down.
But there's no way of knowing what the turn of events will be.
It's possible my fate will lie on Lanto's shoulders.
Look at how many prospective buyers there are!
And zero sellers!
This will keep going!
800 Iredo on average!
That's 80 times the starting value!
I was right to hold out.
Um...
Can I ask something?
What is it?
How will Lawrence win this?
First of all, do you know how an item's value rises?
When there's lot of people who want to buy it compared to the amount that's available.
And how it drops?
Conversely, when there's too much of that item.
Well, that's about right.
In reality, for a market to heat up, there needs to be a certain amount of sales.
If nobody sells then the only ones who profit are the ones who are holding back their stock.
I see.
The price goes up because there are a certain number of sales and new buyers.
That's right.
But this time, his aim isn't to profit.
It's to stop Amarty from profiting.
He has to sell a large amount of pyrite at the perfect time in order to force the price to drop.
If Amarty sells even 1 second before that and achieves his target of 1000 silver, there's no hope left.
Both the ability to hold back and to make a determination are needed to time it perfectly.
Hey, hey!
It's not worth that much yet!
At this rate it's not going to stop!
The buyers are just increasing!
How many are there now?
Wait a minute, erm...
Good morning, Lawrence.
Good morning.
Even more people will gather when the market bell chimes,
so I thought I'd hand this over now.
What's this?
The payment as promised.
These are Lima gold coins!
I prepared 14 coins at todays opening market rate.
It may have been presumptuous of me,
but I thought it'd be inconvenient for you to carry 300 silver coins around.
The service charge for exchanging these must have been costly.
Not at all.
I consider it to be merely good manners.
Understood.
I acknowledge receipt of the payment.
Don't you wish to count them?
With that done, I'd like to take the contract for the 300 silver now.
That's right...
Everything is in order.
Next episode: Wolf and Trustworthy God
Wolf and Trustworthy God
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei na bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetekuretara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
If you will embrace me
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
