= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
Approved
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai you kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we could go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
Wolf and Calm Before the Storm
Chroniclers?
You mean those folks who are always tirelessly writing the town journal?
I call it history rather than journals.
Well, all they do for a living is sit down and get money from the nobility and church to write words all day.
Chroniclers also collect various folktales.
That's what I'm interested in.
Oh?
I've got to go up north, you see.
I want to know what the road is like on the way.
A business opportunity?
I wish it were.
I'm just doing this for my own interest.
Even though as a merchant I know it's not profitable.
Seems you've found yourself quite a fun hobby.
I wonder.
So, any ideas?
Well... you want someone from the Rowen guild, right?
You know someone?
It's simple when you're a merchant of my caliber.
I'll help you for free.
You have my deepest gratitude.
Guy Bartose.
He's an old timer who deals in metals.
A fearless guy.
He works with folk that you'd be best staying away from.
You're not going to eat?
It's okay, I already ate on the way back.
What are those?
Letters.
I got them while I was buying the bread.
Mark had that kid deliver them to me.
I see.
What do they say?
You'll definitely laugh if you read them.
I can't read words.
Huh?
Really?
First of all, there's way too many characters to remember.
Furthermore, there's too many complicated combinations of them.
Have you at least tried to learn at some point?
I did, but I got annoyed and quit.
I can catch prey without being able to read.
Well?
What does it say?
This year's Northern Military expedition has been canceled, so be cautious when buying battle equipment.
I wish they had told us before we lost out.
Seriously.
Without information, us merchants are like blindfolded soldiers on a battlefield.
More importantly...
Today's the festival!
Sorry, but...
there's somewhere I'd like to visit.
Even if you're just joking, could you stop that?
You really are weak against this sort of thing.
I'll keep that in mind.
Is it okay if I go alone then?
Even if I say no, you'd go anyway, right?
That's true...
Don't waste it.
This is why I like you!
That coin isn't worth as much as a Trenni silver, so you won't annoy anyone if you use it on small items.
Go have a good...
What is it?
Maybe going alone wouldn't be fun after all.
If you take me with you, you can have the coin back.
What kind of business is it?
Ah, well...
I'm going to meet a fellow guild member...
And then?
If it'd be bad for us to be seen together, I could stay farther away from you.
Wouldn't you be able to take me along then?
I'm really sorry.
I might have to go somewhere else after meeting this person.
If you came along, you'd have to wait outside the whole time.
Tomorrow I'll keep you company the whole day,
so bear with it for today.
Okay...
Okay.
Well, I don't want to get in the way of your work.
I'll mope around alone.
Sorry.
By the way...
If there are two people in the room when you get back, could you go out again for a while?
I don't mind spending the whole day in here after getting to see such a cute face.
You...
Well, right now I like it best being by your side.
So don't worry.
He's not here yet. He should be soon, though.
He's the guy the size of an upright coffin.
An upright coffin?
Yeah.
Thanks for getting us that room.
Not at all.
It seems you ordered quite a bit of food.
My fussy companion was singing its praises.
She said you have a good eye for fish.
Really?
I'm glad to hear that.
I'll buy more like those again.
She said the carp was especially good.
The carp?
I got it.
So, what are you doing after this?
I have some business with Bartose-san.
Is that so...
Is something wrong?
I thought maybe I'd show you around the town.
Um... If we had a chance to talk,
I'd expect we could share some information...
Horo's been nagging me to take her around the town since this morning.
W-Well...
If you'd like, I could at least show Horo around...
W-Well...
The truth is I don't have any work to do today, so I have time.
I can't make you do that.
No, no, if I stayed here alone I'd just drink away my earnings anyway.
Is that so?
But, she might have already left the inn.
Well then, if she's in I'll try inviting her out.
I have to discuss the inventory restocking there too.
Thank you.
It's nothing.
Next time, come along too, okay?
So you must be Craft Lawrence-san.
Yes.
Pleased to meet you.
I'm Guy Bartose.
You're interested in legends from the north?
Yes.
Now that's rare.
Is it a lead on some kind of business opportunity?
No.
It's just for my own interest.
You've got good tastes for your age.
I only became interested in legends and folktales recently.
I've traveled between various regions for some decades now as a merchant,
and I thought I knew everything about those few regions.
But one day it came to me
People have been traveling here for many hundreds of years.
Naturally, I know absolutely nothing about that time.
I can't travel into the distant past, and I no longer have the energy to travel to faraway lands at my age.
So I started wanting to learn more about the past, even if just through stories.
I guess it's a way to find out more about a past I don't know.
No one from that period is alive anymore.
But...
the memories we call legends continue to live on,
and teach us things.
I think I understand.
The townsfolk don't think highly of the people inside here.
Outsiders who are being chased by the church,
the sort that'd be hung if they went to Rubinhaigen.
Is this... sulfur?
You must be a good merchant if you're familiar with medicines.
In truth, you could say this wall's primary purpose is to block out this air.
There seem to be a lot of birds.
It's because the poisonous fumes in the air don't always smell.
Is this what the church would call the hand of the reaper?
It does feel as though his hand might reach out to you here.
How many alchemists are living in this district?
Let's see...
Including the apprentices, maybe 20.
Accidents happen a lot, so it's hard to say for sure.
Is there a lot of profit in dealing with alchemists?
Everyone thinks of alchemy as magic...
But in reality, their work has always just consisted of things like heating up metal, or using corrosive acids to melt it.
Though it's also true that there are those who really study magic here.
That's just the rumors I've heard, though.
The inhabitants of this district are good people.
That's good to know.
Well, we are trading,
so I won't be caught calling them bad.
You don't have to be so tense.
The person we're meeting is quite easygoing.
Okay...
Is anyone in?
Oh?
Bartose-san.
It's been a while.
It's good to see you're doing well.
And you, too.
My, a handsome boy.
But I get the feeling he thinks I'm a witch.
In that case, shall I introduce you as one?
Oh, stop that.
This place is dark enough as it is.
Besides, could a witch be as beautiful as me?
They say many women have been called witches because of their beauty.
You're full of flattery, as usual.
I'm sure you've made a few beds here and there.
Anyway big sis, today this gentleman here...
I'm Craft Lawrence, a traveling merchant.
Might Dean Rubens be available?
What, you didn't tell him?
I'm Dean Rubens.
A very manly name, isn't it?
Y-Yes...
Ah, of course not...
Please call me Deanna.
So, what business might you have with me?
First of all, let me apologize for barging in on you so suddenly.
Mrs. Rubens, I've heard that
It's Deanna.
Pardon me.
Not at all.
To tell the truth, I've heard that you are well-versed in legends of the north, Deanna.
The north?
Yes.
I thought this was going to be business talk.
You're kidding.
Hopefully I'll know the story you're looking for.
What I'd like to learn about is...
The village that was destroyed by the moon-hunting bear?
Let's see... If I'm not mistaken it was around here.
Hm... This is it.
The moon-hunting bear, pronounced Irawa Wir Muheidehende.
And the town that was destroyed by that bear, Yoitsu.
They're quite old stories, but there are a few about that bear in here.
Lawrence-san?
Doesn't it say anything about Yoitsu's location?
Yoitsu's location?
Yes.
For certain reasons, I'm looking for it.
Location... Location...
Location...
I remember now.
Do you know of a town called Renose, situated at the base of the river Roam a ways north of Proania?
Yes.
They deal in pelts and lumber, don't they?
There is an ancient tale told there.
A long time ago, a giant wolf appeared in the village.
She called herself Horou of Yoitsu,
and was so big you had to look up to see her.
She was thought to be punishment from heaven,
but she said she had come from deep within the forests of the east,
and was on a journey towards the south.
She loved to drink, and at times would take the form of a young maiden and dance with the girls in the village.
She looked beautiful and young, but possessed a wolf's tail.
The village has had abundant harvests for many years since then.
We called her'Horou of the wheaten tail'.
Was that helpful?
Y-Yes.
The area between Renose and the deep forests of the east is limited.
That's a solid clue.
That's good to hear.
I'll definitely repay you soon.
As you can tell, even being chased by the Church, I love ancient legends from pagan lands.
Moreover, only the ones in their original form, rather than the ones that have been altered due to influence from the Church.
You're a traveling merchant,
so I'm sure you've heard some interesting stories, right?
If you'd allow me to hear some, that would be more than enough thanks.
All right.
Then, let me tell you the story of a wheat farming region in the south,
and its abundant harvest that was governed by a certain wolf.
It's really been a while since I got excited over legends of dragons and magicians.
I get the feeling I was always thinking of those sorts of tales when I was a kid.
But it makes me wonder...
When did I stop being able to believe in them?
Hey, Mr. Popular.
Upstream of the Roam river there's a town called Renose, right?
That's too much.
Sorry.
Oh what?
I'd gotten some information about Niohira already.
Sorry.
The situation's changed a bit.
So the rumors that you fell out with your companion were true then.
What's that?
Oh, don't hide it, Mr. Popular!
It's well known you've got a beautiful nun in a good hotel room.
Honestly, you don't even fear God.
My companion and I aren't in that kind of relationship.
But what do you mean by a fall out?
I heard just earlier that your companion was wandering around with a young man from the guild.
It seems they were having quite a bit of fun.
Oh... Amati-san... huh.
What's that? Already given up?
That's not it.
I had business and couldn't be with her today.
And since Amati...
Sorry it turned out to be boring, but that's how it is!
Yep.
But even so, if I heard my Adelle was walking around with Amati,
I wouldn't be able to stand still!
Are you saying I'd play around?
As if!
I'd never say that.
You must know how formidable he is.
Well, you know...
He ran away from home to start trading and became quite successful on his own.
He's kind, too.
Any woman would fall for him.
You heard that?
I'd burn up in flames of envy!
And then I'd bake Amati-san a tasty pie on those flames.
Adelle!
I'll warn you as a former fellow traveling merchant watch out for that Amati.
When guys that age get carried away... they'll do anything.
I'm also an idiot.
The village that was destroyed by the moon-hunting bear?
Did you have fun?
Where's Amati?
We probably parted ways downstairs.
Probably you say...
Did he buy that for you?
What?
So painful.
Could you...
help me out a bit here?
Hey, hey!
Hey, don't fall asleep!
Ah... Hey!
Oh lord...
Did he buy anything else for you?
It truly is high quality fur.
Though it still loses to my tail.
Accepting such a gift from him means I'll need to somehow repay him.
I thought it was going to be a free night out for you, but look at the debt I'm facing now.
So you were scheming something after all.
Ill be using the money I was planning to give to you for the festival as repayment for the scarf.
Did he ask about our relationship?
Why do you ask that?
It'd be bad if people got suspicious of us.
I told him I'm a traveling nun whom you rescued just as some bad people were about to sell me.
I see.
And then, I took on a large debt to you, my rescuer, and because I have no way of paying you back,
I've been praying for your safe journey in order to repay it, being the ill-fated woman I am...
Sob sob sob.
There's no need to put up such an act.
After he heard this, he suddenly bought me this scarf.
I guess that's okay.
But what's this?
That's a die that shows you your future.
It was crafted into a beautiful shape wasn't it?
It'll definitely sell for a good price.
Idiot.
You think you'd be able to sell something like this?
It's a naturally formed rock.
It's not man-made.
There isn't any particular use for it, and it's often sold as a souvenir.
You can tell I'm not lying, right?
Yes...
It looks a lot like gold, so it can be used to trick people.
You didn't see anyone else buying these, right?
Actually, there were a lot.
Really?
The fortune teller who was using these to see the future was very accurate.
Even I was surprised at her skill.
She also told us lots of other reasons to promote their sale.
Something like this?
Yes...
Like how it can heal sicknesses, or drive away demons,
or awaken love...
Saying all that when everyone's in high spirits during a festival,
I guess they got carried away.
Amati won the bid for that one.
He bid?!
That's the first time I'd seen an auction.
Everyone was in a frenzy.
It was kind of scary.
Pyrite, huh.
If I worked through Bartose-san's connections, I wonder if this could be profitable?
I'm sorry to bother you so early in the morning.
My master asked me to pass on a messa...
What's the message?
R-Right!
What's happened is...
Lawrence-san!
Please wait!
Lawrence-san!
Lawrence-san!
Next episode: Wolf and Unbridged Divide
Wolf and Unbridged Divide
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei no bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetai kara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
Because I want to embrace you
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
OS
