I had lost my way during my journey.
Only my soul was wandering, while I stood still.
But right now, I'm walking to a distant place.
That's right, ever since I met you on this road.
The travellers witnessed the song, the forbidden song,
And I became attached to it as I heard it alone with you.
If the world I saw in my dreams exists somewhere,
Let's go search for it, beyond the winds.
Whether it's a freezing dawn,
A dry midday,
A shivering night,
or the ends of the Earth, let's go and see it.
Wolf and Lovers Quarrel
T-The wolf?!
If that's true, then this is a threat from the Medioh Company.
They're telling us to stay put until the dealings are complete,
or else they'll take her to the church.
However, there's no guarantee that they won't take her there when they're done.
And on top of that, we have already invested greatly in the weakening Thoreni silver coins.
We'll be at a serious loss if we drop out now.
We have to make the first move!
Let us rescue your companion, and have you go into hiding.
If the church steps in and prosecutes us,
we cannot do anything but act like docile sheep.
You cannot hide as long as you remain in this city.
Then I'll escape with her outside the city!
Unless you're really lucky, you'll be captured.
You may be prosecuted even if you take her to a different city.
They can't be stopped.
With the possible profit they can gain,
we won't be able to settle this with money.
If only we had a trump card that could counter them.
There is one.
We will file a complaint to the church
that the Medioh Company has taken your companion and is bribing you.
But by doing so, it'll be problematic for them, won't it?
At the worst, they'll bring unfavorable testimony against us.
I'm sure they would.
The greatest profit from the silver coins is the privileges we can receive from the King of Thoreni.
According to our research, the royal family is financially conservative right now.
Yes, most likely.
They are planning to gather the circulating coins, break them down,
lower the silver content, and increase the number of coins.
If ten coins become thirteen, there would be an extra three coins as a result.
There would be more funds, but at the same time, the country's prestige would decline.
In the long term, the drawbacks would have a greater effect.
Even so, Thoreni's royal family is willing to do it,
showing how much of a financial problem they have.
Therefore,
depending on the negotiations, we can have first claim to the royal family's mining,
military, tariff, and ruling rights, and so on.
That's right.
Then, how about this?
Before Medioh prosecutes,
you finish the negotiations with the Thoreni silver coins,
and use the privileges as a negotiation card.
I'm sure we won't get all the privileges, though.
Are you saying to make them buy it?
Rather than taking you out and making them think that buying would solve this matter,
I'm sure that the Medioh Company will pay.
But they're holding on to a card that may cause us to be burned at the stakes.
No.
If the Kingdom of Thoreni has a dispute with the church, they won't win.
I'm positive that they wouldn't want it to be known that they did business
with a company that could cause them to be burned as well.
If the church turns its eyes toward us,
they'll think of us as the main perpetrators for the dealings and treat us as enemies.
The Medioh Company won't make any accusations that would provoke the king's malice.
I see, but even so, I'm sure they won't give up quietly.
All that's left is forced double suicide.
We'll add your companion as a condition for the privileges, then.
That's right.
It's methodically sound,
but it is too difficult.
From my guess, the Medioh Company hasn't accumulated many silver coins yet.
What's your basis for that?
If they did have enough coins,
they would have taken Horo to the church when they captured her.
But instead,
they made it so that we wouldn't take action because of their lack in confidence.
This is a dealing that will take advantage of the King's weakness.
I don't think they will do anything showy to resolve this matter.
What do you intend to do, Lawrence?
I will take Horo back and keep running until the negotiations are complete.
That's reckless!
Even if I can't run, I believe I will be able to buy time.
During that time, you should gather coins and attend the negotiations.
It's impossible!
Then will you have Horo persecuted?
You will have an unfavorable testimony.
If you will cooperate, I will be able to escape in one or two days.
The incarnation of the wolf deity will be running away with me.
We won't be captured.
If she uses her abilities, humans won't be able to stop us.
Let me ask you this.
How long do you think it will take you to accumulate enough coins in order to negotiate with the king?
If we let a horse go now, it will arrive at Thoreni Castle by sunset.
Assuming that the king makes a prompt decision,
they should be back by dawn.
Now?
Even though you don't know the amount of coins you have accumulated?
The negotiations will be done with an optimistic calculation.
If we can prepare it by the day of approval, there should be no problems.
But still, will we be able to get a prompt decision from the king?
If we ever felt like it, we could get a prompt decision from any negotiation.
Then have you have found out where Horo is?
We are the Milone Company.
We have people in the underground.
Stores catching on fire is an everyday occurrence.
That's why our preventive measures in the town are flawless.
However, we have one rival.
The church?
That's right.
They have a stronger presence than we do in many countries and cities.
When the time calls for preparation, they are surprisingly well-prepared.
If the church were to become serious and begin a search,
you wouldn't be able to run and would have no choice but to isolate yourself.
I actually wanted to know who was backing the Medioh Company before heading into negotiations.
If I knew who it was, we could find their paper trail
and be able to seize all their money.
It's unfortunate that you don't know.
I pray for your safety and success.
I'll definitely answer your prayers.
Oh, yes.
The codeword is Perion and Numai.
The two big gold coins, huh?
It's a good omen, isn't it?
Once I go underground, I place my hand on the right wall and advance, right?
Yes, and your destination is at the end of the path.
Horo will be in the storehouse above.
The signal will be the ringing of the town's bells,
and the operation to rescue her will begin at that time.
If they're successful, the cover above will open up and your companion will drop down.
If you hear them say Rahei, wait for my companions to come.
If you hear Perouso, you two run away by yourselves using the path we planned.
Rahei and Perouso.
Booms and recessions, huh?
Easy to remember, isn't it?
Certainly.
It's almost time.
Watch out, you idiot!
I'm sorry!
Go down now.
To think that they've prepared this much.
I've heard that the church made underground passages
for the passing of information and tax evasion while saying they were digging tombs.
Is this the place?
Get out, we're changing locations.
I pray this situation won't call for the use of edged or blunted weapons.
Damn it! Why am I shaking?
They're taking too long.
It can't be...!
Rahei.
Rahei!
Numai!
Perion.
Horo!
I just have to take these and go down, right?
Now, quickly!
I can't go down unless you move.
Come on, quickly.
What are you staring at?
This is yours, so take it and let's head up.
Come in.
Perion.
Numai.
Looks like it went well.
What an astonishing partner you have for your trade.
There was one more with us.
He'll take care of the trail and come up from somewhere else.
After giving information on the Medioh Company to my companions, we will leave the city.
Quite meticulous.
Well then, I wish you luck.
Thank you.
I'm glad you're safe.
Glad I'm safe, you say?
Yeah.
Say my name!
Horo... right?
It's Horo the Wise!
I can name everyone who has brought me shame for as long as I've lived.
Now I have to add a new name.
Your name!
You...
I told you that you would come for me, right?
Y-Yeah.
Just thinking about it is annoying me!
Could you...
If you're a man, shouldn't you take up arms and fight?!
I had to go in that hole, and because of that, I was needlessly ashamed!
But you're safe now, right?
I'm glad you're safe.
I won't die as long as you keep those grains of wheat, you know.
A human male would fall for me right away, since I'm cute.
However, there's no fit partner for me among human males.
When I tell them, If you touch me, something'll fall off,
they all turn white with fear.
Hey...
However...
She appeared there.
Who do you think was there among my captors?
Who was there?
Chloe.
The one from Pasroe Village.
It seems she heard my name from that youngster, Zeiren.
Did you two talk?
I thought it was simply folklore.
Only a little.
She lives inside the village's wheat field.
The incarnation of the wolf deity can manipulate the outcome of the harvest to become abundant or poor.
I don't know how many years I had lived on that land.
It might be more than the furs on my tail.
I'm Horo the Wise.
In order for there to be an abundant harvest,
there would be years where I would have to let the land rest and produce a poor harvest.
Even so, it was within my control.
It should have become a better land to produce wheat than others.
It's true that they treated me as the deity that brings abundant harvest, but...
It was most likely because of their farming rather than my meddling.
The person who cut the last bunch of wheat would get caught by everyone, right?
What do you think she said to me?
She said...
She had thought that it might have been me after hearing my name from Zeiren.
You know... I...
It's pathetic, but I was happy.
But...
She continued, and said this.
The era of us following your moods is over.
We don't need to be fearful of your whims anymore.
We'll hand you over to the church and break away from the old era.
I was so vexed!
Well, it's all how you think of it.
You would've had to leave the land either way, since you want to return to the North.
If you don't want your back hairs pulled on,
then just kick the sand at them with your hind legs.
It's a lot better that way, too.
But you can't just leave like that.
I'm, no, we're merchants.
Profit alone or whatever will do.
We laugh when the money comes in.
We cry when we become bankrupt.
And...
We will laugh.
Ah, I feel better.
Well...
I haven't had a proper conversation in several hundred years.
My emotions are brittle now.
This is the second time I've cried in front of you.
I didn't need to cry in front of you.
Do you know what I'm trying to say?
Don't misunderstand.
Right.
I'm only with you to earn money.
Our job is to run away until the Milone Company contacts us.
If you keep crying like that, it'll be a burden.
That's why I don't need to cry in front of you, either.
Aren't you being unfair?
It's a girl's specialty, isn't it?
We've arrived.
Have you two finished yet?
No.
The one backing the Medioh Company is Count Eiren Dotte.
A merchant who traded wheat with the the Count
overheard that he was collecting a large amount of silver coins.
Please tell this to Marhait.
A simple request.
I guess people who bring us business proposals are different.
Do you mean these ears?
I thought I'd become a merchant again after looking at you two.
It'd be better if you didn't.
You might pick up someone like her.
A wagon for a single trader is too big.
I wish and hope that someone like her will come my way.
I went through some terrible experiences after you picked me up.
You really are unfair.
And I'm cute that way too, right?
Well, I guess you are cute.
I'm happy.
You're a pretty cute man yourself.
Geez!
Seven apples on the witch's tree
With seven seeds to plant inside of me
In spring time I grew a magic song
Then skipping along,
I sang the song to everyone
I look at the world through apple eyes
And cut myself a slice of sunshine pie
I danced with the peanuts for the flies
Till someone had told me
To say hello for every good-bye
Saw some sugar stars
I'll put them in a jar
And we'll wish around the world
Oh we'll wish around the world
I'm a little wolf inside a cart
You say,
And off I go from June to May
Oh we'll wish around the world
Let's wish around the world
Next, Wolf and Silent Farewell.
Next, Wolf and Silent Farewell.
