= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai yo kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we would go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
The fur traders and fur-processing dealers all revolted at once.
How did it come to this?
They publicized the outcome of the meeting too quickly.
When they tried to put up the sign in the town center announcing the outcome,
all the merchants rushed in wielding fur tools as weapons and demanded they revoke it.
Um...
Don't worry.
Even if they're unhappy with the Fifty-man meeting,
they wouldn't go so far as to attack the scribe's house.
O-Okay.
Wolf and Endless Tears
They can't overturn the decision they made, can they?
Of course not.
The authority of the meeting rides on the resolution they came to.
The merchants from outside the city have already broken in.
They're spilling blood trying to stop the uprising, but it's probably pointless.
What about our fur dealings?
The decision made at the meeting was as my sources suggested.
Assuming it's enacted, we'll definitely be able to make the trade.
What do we do now?
Leave the cash for later and go get the furs now?
I don't want to give them room for excuses.
We need to have the cash prepared to negotiate.
Go to the Derrink company and bring back the cash.
I'll go ready the boat.
We have to outmaneuver this many people.
We can't simply charge into things.
Let's regroup at the inn.
I want to take on the fur negotiations only after we're fully prepared.
Understood.
We'd better get going too.
What are you hiding?
You've realized how dangerous this plan is.
Am I wrong?
You're not.
But this deal is worth it despite the risks.
So, what are you hiding?
I don't want to say.
What do you mean?
You'll stop me if I do.
Try me.
If the deal goes well and I become a successful merchant,
you'll congratulate me then bid me farewell.
And if the deal goes bad, you wouldn't stand being sold,
so you'd transform into a wolf and abandon your useless companion so you could return home.
In other words,
the only way I can continue traveling with you is to throw away this chance.
I'm sure you're going to tell me,
Don't throw it all away
just to gamble on a single thread of hope.
That's why I didn't want to say.
Is that what you really think?
Yes.
That I'd be happy with that?
Yes.
I won't say I'm happy.
But I definitely won't say I'm sorry.
With this, our chances of traveling together any farther have completely vanished.
This is what you wished for, right?
I will remember you as a calculating, cool-headed merchant.
Shall we go?
There's definitely no God in this world.
Yeah.
If there is an all-powerful God like they say,
why does he let us suffer so much?
That's true.
Have you confirmed the sum?
Yes.
If you manage to profit from this, I'll be getting special wine, right?
Yes, of course.
The next time I meet you, as a successful merchant.
It wouldn't do for my companion to be a worthless merchant.
Is this really alright?
Did I really make the right choice?
No, there isn't any other choice as a merchant.
The profit lying before me is beyond my wildest dreams.
So why?
Why don't I feel happy at all?
Abe.
I got the capital.
Verify it.
No need.
I trust you.
Let's hurry.
I found a vessel that had the value of its goods haggled down because of the fur issue.
The captain said he'd sail out even if the military was blockading the river, as long as we pay well.
There's no way those merchants will say no when we show them these gold coins.
Their eyes will stick to them, and they'll agree to anything even if they don't want to.
I can almost see it.
Then let's go.
This deal is so good it's like a joke.
What's the matter?
From the furs we buy using this gold,
we're expecting 4000 silver in profit, correct?
That's right.
We have a boat prepared, and all that's left is to go buy the furs.
Right.
And you have a good idea of where we can take them to be sold.
Right.
Are you still suspicious of me?
No.
Then what's wrong?
Have you lost your nerve?
Aren't you losing your nerve?
What?
Don't be stupid.
Of course I'm scared.
Human life is cheap compared to this kind of money.
I don't have the guts to stand confident in this situation.
There's no assurance that I won't have a change of heart and attack you, after all.
Exactly.
And the reverse is also possible.
No,
it's because of that possibility that we're both so paranoid.
Either way,
that bridge is too dangerous to cross.
You look like you have a stupid question.
You're itching to ask, right?
Why are you going so far just to earn money?
Sorry, but I can't have you drop out of negotiations at this stage.
I really didn't want to resort to this.
But with this much on the table,
it would be troublesome if you dropped out.
I'm sure you understand.
Human life is cheap next to 60 gold coins, right?
That's right.
I'm sure you don't want to experience first hand just how cheap.
For those with knowledge and courage,
God's blessing awaits.
Having my cover blown was a failure on my part.
That's what you meant by me'losing nerve', right?
You pretended to trade in statues.
But in reality,
you were smuggling large amounts of rock salt.
You did it by shaping the salt into statues.
For a while, you had an agreement with the church.
It went so well that people started to wonder where the church here was getting all this money from.
And then that sudden catastrophe.
It's probably not wrong to say it was caused by the cancellation of the Northern Expedition.
So?
This church must really have wanted money.
By dabbling in smuggling and spending all the money, this church began to gain more power.
If foreign traders want to buy fur in this town so badly,
why don't we buy it all up before they do?
What makes you think that?
Your skills are far beyond ordinary.
Even though you said you have connections within the church,
there's no way plans can be put into place that quickly.
That being the case,
simple logic leads me to conclude that you were using a plan that you had already put into motion.
Who profits the most from restricting the fur trade to cash only?
Those who have large stores of cash on hand.
And there's no store of cash larger than the church donation box.
What's more, you were nervous.
You had realized.
The church had found patrons and was ready to cut you out of the plan.
They had joined forces with a company with their sights set on the furs.
When you proposed this deal to me, you weren't lying.
But you didn't tell me the truth either.
Am I wrong?
Then you must know why I proposed it to you.
To be your guarantee against harm.
I know the sins of the church.
Of course,
before the church and I parted ways, I was under their protection.
They wanted to be sure they could make use of me again if they needed to.
That's probably the case.
But you just couldn't let a plan you so carefully constructed go to waste.
That's right.
It would disrupt the church's scheme,
but I couldn't let this chance pass.
So you figured that while you might be brought down easily alone,
if you had a partner, keeping lips sealed would be much harder.
All the more for a guilded traveling merchant like me.
So? What are you going to do about it?
This.
Do you want money that badly?
What, you don't?
I do.
No...
I should say I wanted it.
What a joke.
If you killed me and hid my body,
I wouldn't be found until after the trade was over.
The church wouldn't think it was an internal quarrel.
Or maybe you were thinking of taking the money and running?
No, you wouldn't do that.
You wanted to kill me because you wanted to use what's in the bag you stuffed in your pouch.
You wanted to use that no matter what, right?
So it really is the profit from smuggling salt?
Could the amount you were slowly saving up be as much as the amount I prepared?
Or maybe more?
You were going to use it all to buy out the furs without me knowing.
You would raise the stakes until the church put everything they had into removing us.
Without care for your life, let alone others' lives, and only profit in mind!
After pulling off such a dangerous plan just for profit,
just what do you think awaits you?
S-Something...
Something waiting for me? Are you a kid?
Watching the aristocrat that bought me, I always thought
What's the point of making so much money?
No matter how much you make, you'll just have to make more the next day.
I thought that rich people were sad creatures.
From your perspective, I must look like one of those sad creatures,
since I picked the same path as them.
I saw his foolishness,
saw it finish him off,
but even so I've chosen this path.
Do you know why?
It's because...
Are you alright?
Korka Coose.
I'm a failure.
Was it a thief?
No.
A breakdown in negotiations?
Something like that.
What's that?
What is it?
Obsession?
Desire?
No.
I'm hoping.
Um...
I told you not to come in
You...
Y-You...
You fool!
Don't tell me you went back on the contract?
No, I didn't.
I just lost it all.
Wasn't it your dream?!
It was.
No,
even now it is.
Then why?
Why am I so calm?
Various merchants dealings left me with something that could buy you back.
This is a charter signed by the owner of the inn.
Do you remember what I said was scary?
It's embarrassing so I don't want to sa
Even so, you blindly came back here like a fool?
What do you have to say for yourself before the sage wolf Horo?!
What is it you wish for?!
What do you want?!
You...
You...
Your wolf form...
I'll take care of that!
I'll make you into the prosperous merchant you were dreaming of when we met.
This tale will end with a smile.
It has to end that way!
Bring it back for me in your wolf form.
Abe is trying to complete a nearly suicidal deal.
If the church finds out, our lives will also be in danger.
Before the chaos in this city dies down,
get us out of here with your wolf form.
What are you saying?
Fool!
I love you.
What do you know about me?
I don't know anything.
But I can say one thing.
It's possible your wish won't be fulfilled.
But if you don't wish at all,
it definitely won't be fulfilled.
Abe is risking her life to pursue profit,
fully aware that the appeal will die when she attains it.
That attitude is something I should learn as a merchant.
That's why I thought I'd try doing the same thing.
Fool!
You'll take responsibility, right?
This isn't an endless journey.
When the time comes for us to part, a smiling farewell is all I'll wish for.
Besides, why are you being so pessimistic?
You like it when I'm weak like this, right?
You ruined my plans.
From now on you'll be taking responsibility for what happens.
Yeah.
You defied my foolishness with everything you had.
That's why...
I'll go along with your foolishness.
But...
I'd be bothered if my partner were a worthless merchant.
I won't accept you running away with your tail between your legs just because you were robbed.
Your kindness is also scary.
So?
How are we going to get it back?
I'm less concerned about the profit and more about getting back your resolve.
Fool.
You think I'll let that happen?
You know...
It'd be troublesome if I fell in love with you.
That's true.
Well then, princess.
May I?
Of course.
