dou ka please can you keep my se cret?
mu ga mu chuu da that's all right
Please, please can you keep my secret?
The mirror, shining so brilliantly.
I wonder how do I look in it.
The future, beckoning me forward.
What will happen from now, I wonder?
Because what we see is not everything.
I'm losing myself but that's all right.
I will now try not to waver.
I want to be true to my heart.
But even I have a secret or two.
That I want to keep to myself.
That's why my secret makes my heart aches slightly.
We'll surely meet again
Everything that's reflected by your eyes,
is it all just an illusion?
I wonder how you feel,
as you melt away in this entangling love
Take a look at this tainted scene,
and the reason we're joined together
Let's cling on to each other from our sadness
Isn't it fine just like that?
It'll be an unadorned beauty
Let's understand this, someday...
That no matter where we go,
we'll surely meet again
Outdoor education begins tomorrow!
A relaxing 5 days and 4 nights to have fun in the wild!
We can forget about studies, play tennis, and frolic in the river!
We'll engorge ourselves on nature's delights in the evening and then bathe in the hot springs!
Grab and sell a few rhino beetles, and we'll have enough to indulge in Maid Latte for a week!
I heard from a senior that there's a dress-wearing beauty recovering in nearby villa!
Is outdoor education that fun?
Of course! According to the seniors, that is.
Ah, Misaki-chan!
He's not listening to us at all.
Alright, let's go back to our class.
We're from a different class, after all.
Don't eat bread crusts while walking!
This is completely different from what we heard!
Why the hell are we training like this? Why are we in a temple?!
Didn't the seniors say that Seika's outdoor education is a paradise?!
And where is this dress-wearing beauty who's resting in a nearby villa?!
No normal person would reside in a mountain like this!
But what about stories the seniors told us?!
All of them are lies.
Seems like Seika Seniors traditionally deceive the 2nd years.
Deceive?
I'm not sure when it started, but the outdoor education bored the seniors to death,
so they took it out on the juniors by lying to them.
Outdoor education? It was fantastic!
Senpai, you look a little worn out.
It was so much fun I lost weight!
You guys should look forward to it next year! It's fantastic! Seriously!
Then the deceived juniors did the same to their juniors, and it became an endless cycle.
This... is just horrible!
Our dreams,
and our hopes,
are completely crushed!
Stop whining!
This is a time for learning! We're not here to play!
Get your asses to work now!
Misaki-chan!
He finally appeared, that sensational transfer student!
He's looking cheerful today!
Is he going to confess again?
Let's play!
It's not free period now. Get back to your post.
You're so cold, Prez!
Seems like I'm losing my edge nowadays.
Stop it, Usui!
Prez, save me!
What are you guys doing?
We're just cleaning up together.
He's lying! He's dragging me around everywhere!
Got it. I'll handle that pervert myself.
Geez, really...
I can't take my eyes off of you for a second.
Let's use this chance to escape!
Hinata, come with us!
What's that?
I'm just sulking a bit due to jealousy.
Is that wrong?
Of course it is!
That's no reason to skip your tasks and make fun of Yukimura!
Eh? I think it is, though.
Whatever, just get to work!
Damn, why does he always end up leading the conversation?
Huh? Misaki?
You're fast at this!
Man, I'm beat from all the preachings and cleaning!
Still, we're lucky that we're preparing dinner.
The guys still have to meditate under the waterfall.
Please wash the rice if you're free!
Also, please gather the vegetable waste over there!
Got it!
Misaki's really amazing! She can take command so easily!
Really? Thanks for the compliment.
I never thought of washing the tableware beforehand!
I guess we never noticed how dirty they were before.
Oh, it's just...
Just what?
Oh, nothing!
Never mind that, what about Hinata?
What's this, all of a sudden?!
Well, I was curious about it the whole time.
Sakura's main objective right now is to talk about your love life.
This is the perfect opportunity, isn't it?
And Hinata appeared at just the right time!
Everyone's really curious.
What is wrong with all of you?!
There's nothing between us! We're just childhood friends!
Isn't there more to it?
No, there's not!
I don't have enough time for anything like that anyways!
I've got things to do as the Seika's Student Council President!
I can't watch over him like I did in the past.
It's cold!
This hurts! What a hellish exercise!
This is so cool!
Hey, that guy's having fun.
You're really wild, you know?
More like, he's a kid at heart!
Really?
Hey, what was that berry you just ate?!
He's really naive, in a sense.
Hinata, what's wrong?
Hey! What are you doing to Usui-
As I suspected, you're really cool!
You've got some awesome pecs!
What an amazing body!
Hey, Hinata!
That's kinda dangerous, you know...
If I was a girl, I would probably fall for you!
Don't say that so carelessly!
We're speaking of this Usui, you know?
Something wrong with that?
He might hit on you!
What are you saying? I'm a guy.
That doesn't matter to him!
Oh, what's that yummy looking red berry?!
Wait! I'm not done yet!
Everything will be done here, from meditation to your meals.
Personal conversation is not normally allowed.
However, just for tonight, I won't mind a little bit of chatter.
Enjoy your meal.
Thank you for the meal.
We're only having a small bowl of curry?!
I thought this was meat, but it's just konjac!
Konjac curry...
Seconds please!
Uh, Hinata...
There are no second helpings.
Eh?! That wasn't enough for me!
You should slowly enjoy the blessings nature bestowed upon us!
There's not enough for me to do so!
I tried my best to endure even though I was so hungry!
What is that idiot doing?!
He was told to sweep the grounds outside tonight as punishment...
That was merciless! This is scarier than the game of testing your courage!
Still, since it's Hinata, I'm sure he'll wander off looking for food instead of sweeping.
Like eating the food offered at graves?
That's possible! You never know what he'll do when he's alone!
They have a point...
Dammit!
Why is he so worrisome?!
Where did that idiot go?!
I can't find a flashlight...
I was going to search for food in the mountain if I could find a light.
Why did you enter the storeroom without asking?!
Are you a thief?!
Misaki-chan?
No! I just wanted to borrow a flashli-
Shut up! Get out of there now!
If you get discovered by the monks-
Strange, why is the storeroom door ajar?
Hey, anyone in here?
Geez, someone must've forgotten to lock the doors.
We're locked in!
The doors won't bulge!
There should be another way out of here!
Why did I hide just now?
I'm sure they'd listen to us if I told the truth!
Wait, isn't this...
Don't worry! I read about these in some mangas before!
We need to get some food! And then keep our bodies warm!
I don't feel cold, though...
We don't have cellphones here... No reception, eh?
What reception?
What should we do?! Embrace each other in the nude until morning?!
I'm totally clueless about that-!
Just what kind of mangas have you been reading?
Isn't your heart racing as well?! We're alone, you know!
Why would it?
More importantly, we have to hurry and find a way out...
We're...
We're both 16 year old teenagers of opposite genders.
Shin...tani...
Maybe you do not think of me that way, but...
What's wrong? What happened?
No, it's just...
This is just embarrassing.
Argh! My face feels so hot! Am I'm blushing?!
Don't stare at me like that! It's embarrassing!
You asked me to look, and then tell me to not look...
Just what do you want me to do?
Well, I want you to...
Usui!
Alright, I'll think of you as a man, then.
You guys completed the third day of outdoor education.
For the last night, we'll be camping outside of the temple.
Everyone, be sure to come.
The guys are too tired to rampage around after three days of strict training.
I heard this from a senior...
Danger will befall the girls on the fourth day, or so they say.
What?
Brace yourself, Usui Takumi!
What's wrong with you guys lately?!
Why are you guys fighting any time you meet?!
We aren't fighting!
This is just a passionate dialogue between men, right, Takumi?
That's right, Mr. Third Rate.
That's not my name! I'm Shintani Hinata!
Oh, is that your name? You're a third-rate man, though...
No I'm not!
Alright, you're Mr. First Rate, in being annoying.
I'm not annoying!
Shut up and reflect on your actions!
Geez, why are they being pointlessly energetic...
There's no such thing as being pointlessly energetic.
Indeed. It's a wonderful thing to live your life to the fullest.
You can only enjoy life if you're in good health.
We were too busy with our lives, and ended up forgetting that.
How inexperienced we are, to realize this only after experiencing the extremes.
Let's sleep.
We are grateful to be alive now.
All the guys, even the three idiots, have reached enlightenment!
I'm gonna get stung everywhere at this rate.
I'll get so inflamed that I'll look like another person!
Must be rough.
Are you alright? There's a lot of mosquitoes.
Aren't you happy to be popular, Mr. Third Rate?
Among mosquitoes, that is.
Stop with the Third Rate thing already!
You're gonna get scolded by Prez if you make a fuss again.
Hey... Do you... like Misaki?
Rather, are you guys dating?
I wouldn't be this troubled if we were.
Why must it rain today of all days...
And I was looking forward to camping outside!
The guys look like a bunch of zombies now.
Though, with them like that, we won't need to be worried'bout what the seniors said.
What was it again, Danger will befall the girls on the fourth day?
We're here!
There's a tennis court!
And hot springs!
I wanna get in right now!
We're having BBQ at night.
Finally, some meat after so long!
The vegetarian meals didn't taste like actual food, right?
And we were dead hungry from all the work!
What is this?
Is this paradise?
This isn't a dream!
What's wrong with you guys?! Get back to your line!
If you get any closer to the girls-!
This is exactly like what the seniors said!
What do you mean?
You know, with the meditations, classes, and cleaning,
along with the insufficient food and sleep...
with all this dissatisfaction, they lose all rationality and go wild on the fourth day!
They start attacking the girls!
Run!
They've never paid any attention to us before!
Any girl is fine at this point.
Those scum bags!
Girls, hurry! Take refuge in the cottage!
The guys snapped earlier than expected!
Get a hold of yourself, boys!
I've never seen them act this way before!
It's madness!
The reason girls have less work the first three days
was to prepare for this day, or so I heard.
So this has happened before, eh...
Every year, the teachers create a firm barricade that separates the boys and girls.
With the barricade, the girls have been fine so far.
As long we don't get close to them-
Bad news!
The river bank near the camp collapsed from the heavy rain!
The teachers can't create the barricade!
WHAT?!
I'm hungry...
Takumi, do you have any food?
There must be food prepared for tonight's BBQ, right?
The teachers aren't here yet.
Alright! Shall we help ourselves first?!
Are you guys gonna come?
The main problem here is not our empty stomachs.
The time we spent at the temple was strangely peaceful.
Oh yeah, the girls must be free now since we are, right?
No peeking!
They must be free!
I'm sure they must feel insecure in this heavy rain.
Really? We can't just leave them like that, can we?
Let's go see them.
For some reason I just felt a shiver down my spine.
Me too!
Misaki, are you really going out there?
As the president, I need to do something about this!
But what'bout the guys?
Listen! If the guys come here, stop them at all cost!
You guys really came, eh? You worthless boys!
Hey! Misaki-chan!
Why are you here as well?!
Everyone wanted to go see the girls, and I wanted to see you as well...
This looks like fun!
It'll be fun to play poker with the girls under the teachers' noses!
Shintani...
Do you think these guys just want to play poker?
You're as sharp as ever, Prez.
Everyone, charge!
What... are you guys doing?!
I won't forgive anyone who gets rough with my Misaki-chan!
Get your hands off her!
Just who are you calling your Misaki-chan?!
Take a look at the situation, will ya? These guys are crazy!
They'll definitely upset the girls if they go there now!
Don't worry, Prez!
We only want to have some fun!
Wait!
What are you doing? Playing tag?
Let me join the fun!
Usui!
I'll be it then.
I'll catch you if you don't run.
H-Hey! How did this happen?!
That Usui-!
I'll be it too, then!
Me too! Me too!
Shall we... play?
I'd rather not play now!
Let's play with non-violent rules, please!
Why aren't we chasing them?
Everyone's running away!
That's fine! The whole purpose was to drive them off!
So this is a victory for the its, eh?
Yeah! A total victory!
They changed their attitudes when Takumi appeared, for some reason.
That's because the guys acknowledge Usui's superiority.
Yeah! That's also what I felt from this outdoor education experience!
You're one amazing guy, aren't you?
In what way?
In many ways!
Anyways, you're just amazing!
Your vocabulary's limited, isn't it, Mr. Third Rate?
Stop that! And don't use difficult words!
I meant You're an idiot!, Mr. Third Rate.
What's wrong?
Don't mind me.
Everything has been devoured already.
When did this happen-
This is...
That guy, he already-!
The BBQ will be done separately.
The rain's slowed down now, and the teachers are quickly creating the barricade.
It's safe for the girls to eat.
We were so worried about you!
You're late!
I'm glad you're OK!
You're still here?
That was some remark you made.
Come with me for a bit.
The two of them are getting along well even though they keep fighting...
Must be what you were thinking just now. Am I right?
You're still thinking about that? Didn't I tell you to not worry?
So you said the same thing to him as well, huh?
Hey.
Is that guy special to you?
What do you mean special? There's nothing-
We were childhood friends, so I've spent more time with him than other guys, but...
Is that why you were so worried you couldn't take your eyes off him?
What do you mean?
I don't know... You're always watching him, right?
You're worried about him, aren't you?
Of course I am! He's a troublesome idiot!
But... You're even more troublesome than him, you idiot.
Wait-
Usui!
I can't hold it any more.
I've pointlessly exhausted myself because of him.
What's so funny?
Nothing, it's about time for the guys' BBQ! You should hurry back if you're hungry-
I don't have the energy to move even an inch right now.
The sky cleared up...
Yeah...
Damn that Shintani, devouring all the meat!
Hey, there's a delicious lamb right there!
If only he were a girl...
Mommy...
The training sure was tough, but...
Let's be thankful for the meals.
Ah, I'm grateful for the warm rays of sunlight...
The enlightenment of the three idiots somehow seemed depressing...
I'm sure they'll be the first ones to deceive the second years next year.
Now, after having food from the wild, how about having something starting with S?
Sushi? Steak? Watermelon? Sukiyaki?!
All wrong! When it comes to food starting with S, it has to be sweets!
There seems to be an event related to sweets at Maid Latte...
It's the Full-Course Sweets Challenge, Misa-chan.
I smell something sweet!
Playing Tag At The Outdoor School
Playing Tag At The Outdoor School
Smile of a Fool
Devil Prez Level UP
Almost blurted it out...
Yukimura
Sign: Waves Of Regret
Sign: Mosquito
What the guys saw
What the guys saw
What the guys saw
Campsite (Guys)
Rough Sketch
Barricade
No Entry!!
Restrain Yourself Don't act rashly!!
Wake up!!
Your Parents Are Crying!!
Get A Hold Of Yourself!!!
It's Not Too Late!!
Sign: Yukimura
Preview
Sweets Feast At Maid Latte
Sweets Feast At Maid Latte
TL Note: Watermelon in Japanese is suika, .
