I had lost my way during my journey.
Only my soul was wandering, while I stood still.
But right now, I'm walking to a distant place.
That's right, ever since I met you on this road.
The travellers witnessed the song, the forbidden song,
And I became attached to it as I heard it alone with you.
If the world I saw in my dreams exists somewhere,
Let's go search for it, beyond the winds.
Whether it's a freezing dawn,
A dry midday,
A shivering night,
or the ends of the Earth, let's go and see it.
You must be in the middle of conducting business if you're coming at this time.
You need a certificate?
Yes.
I wish you'd hurry up and become a merchant who makes others flinch at the mention of your name.
I agree.
That's right, is there anyone in the Trading Guild who's heading to Ramtra?
Geez, everyone is coming in here saying that.
Did you fall for a shepherd lady?
No, not at all.
The only one who could safely walk in that area is that girl.
You understand what the church thinks about it without me saying anything, right?
If you don't want to get into trouble, don't get yourself involved.
Well...
That fairy, Nora, is a girl you'd like.
Please stop that.
So, is there some place you want the certificate addressed to? Or unsigned?
Yes, please address it to the Remerio Company.
Did you marginally buy since you've decided on a place to sell?
Yes, what about it?
Well, you'll understand when you get there.
Was there a huge price fluctuation or something?
No, don't worry about it.
Since this is about you, I'm sure it'll fall in a good direction.
Okay...
Anyway, it's a bit early for you to have a girl, isn't it?
Your earnings will simply vanish in an instant.
I wouldn't invest in her if there weren't some collateral.
Well said!
Here's your certificate.
Thank you.
Please wish me luck.
Sure.
Wolf and Swirling Conspiracy
Sorry for the wait, Horo.
They were pretty cute.
They said that I was a lovely snow flower.
Those kinds of guys are like starving dogs.
They'll kidnap you if you give them attention.
If I'm kidnapped, then you just need to save me again.
Isn't that right?
Yeah, I'll save you again.
I was the one who actually saved you, though.
Well then...
I'm not sure what kind of collateral you were expecting, but...
How about you start investing now?
You heard?
Who knew you liked blondes?
Do you like that slim look?
Or could it be the part about her hardships?
Or do you like shepherds?
Wait a minute, what the chief said was something like a greeting!
I don't really...!
You don't really...?
I thought Nora was a bit nice.
It's not like I didn't have fun talking with her.
But it's not like I wasn't thinking of you!
It's absolutely nothing like that!
Well, I only intended to tease you.
But...
Hearing you say it so seriously...
Makes me happy.
Horo...
But...
Males say anything to get what they want.
I'm a merchant.
I swear by the things that I say.
I've heard that knights express their faith by entrusting their swords and shields.
What about a merchant like you?
All right.
Let me show you my faith.
I will entrust you with honey-preserved peaches!
What did you say you would buy?
Hey! There are things you should and shouldn't do!
Hey, I asked it for it cutely.
I'm saying you should have asked me honestly!
I didn't tell you to use your wiles to coax me!
I was cute though, wasn't I?
That makes me more excited than
having my plans turn out well.
Don't be so mad.
I really was happy, though.
Will you still be mad?
All right, I'm not mad, not mad at all.
Are you happy now?
I can't stand being separated.
Can we hold hands?
Sure, it'd be problematic if we got separated.
Still, business can sure be scary.
You have to use your head to earn money, but
if you don't use it well and your plans fail,
you'll end up like the Ratpearon Company and have your armor sold at half its price.
If we use it well, though,
we can make a huge profit without using any funds.
That's the best way to earn.
But being in temporary debt just doesn't sit well with me.
You mean marginal buying?
Yes.
You bought armor at half price for 100 Rumione,
which means that you're in debt with Ratpearon, right?
Yeah.
I'll then sell the armor for its original price at the Remerio Company.
The debt will be dealt between the two companies.
I bought twice the goods, so my profit will be twice as large, too.
Even if it doesn't sit well with you, it'll be worth enduring, right?
Well, I guess so.
Is this where the monk manages?
We should hear some prayers, then.
You probably can't hear any other sounds because of the noise from eating my meat pie.
That was some nice sarcasm,
but to recover my honor, I can hear the sounds of people inside.
So, there are people inside?
Yes, but it feels dangerous.
At the very least, it's not a fun feeling.
Nothing will happen from hesitating.
I won't get any money if I don't sell these goods.
I won't get any nourishment if I don't eat this meat pie, either.
That's my nourishment.
What? If you wanted some, you should have told me earlier.
Here.
I'm sure you're supposed to be open until the Sabbath.
Is there some special reason?
Well, yeah... kind of.
Did you just arrive in this city today?
No, I arrived a few days ago.
Seems like a lot happened.
No, no, I will help you if you have a name.
No, that's all right.
Well then, excuse me.
Is that so?
We await your next arrival.
Lawrence Craft!
So, you are him.
You brought some armor from Ratpearson, right?
How do you know about that?
The truth is, there was a messenger from Polson.
The Ratpearson Company sent a credit claim to this company.
Credit claim?!
What's going on?
Your companion's business has failed.
Just like us.
What'd you say?
There has been a decline in armor for a while, and it's worth nothing now.
Ratpearon used their inferior stock to put him into debt,
and the rights to it have been transferred to this company.
Meaning, your companion has a huge debt to settle.
Simply put, he's bankrupt.
Lawrence...
They've tricked me...
We both entered this contract knowing the details.
You understand that, right?
Of course, Mr. Remerio.
I'm a merchant too, after all.
You bought 100 Rumione worth of armor from the Ratpearson Company.
Your debt amounts to 47 and 3/4 Rumione with a deadline on loans, with no collateral.
Let's move on to your repayment of the debt.
If you don't pay, we will have to demand the Rowen Trading Guild to shoulder your debts.
Yes.
Well, your loans will be due the day after.
We will wait for two days.
Until then, please gather 47 and 3/4 Rumione and pay us back every coin.
I will sell the armor at a high price, somehow.
We will perform the liquidation in two days. Is that acceptable?
Yes.
Excuse me, then.
Let me say this just in case.
If anything happens, our street stalls will be up near the city exits.
Please come by anytime if you need anything.
Thank you for your words, but I'm sure I won't be needing anything.
I'm sure you'll be busy with all your business negotiations.
I look forward to seeing you in two days.
May God protect you.
Sorry for making you wait.
Hey...
What is going on now?
Basically, the goods behind us are now garbage.
So, I didn't hear it wrong.
Also...
I'll be bankrupt at this rate.
Will you run?
Information between merchants is just like being looked upon by God.
We'll be found no matter where we go and do business.
If that happens, I can no longer return to being a merchant.
However, those who suffer wounds in a fight are suddenly eaten down to the last bone.
Are you satisfied with that?
Of course not!
I just need to return the 47 Rumione, and it'll be over!
It's possible for me to start over.
I'm Horo the Wise.
I'm sure I'll be of help to you.
Yeah, paying back the food expense will surely help me-
I told you I'd earn what I ate.
I was just joking.
That's fine.
When the time comes, I'll put my honor on the line and run away with you.
Even if I have to use the power of this wheat.
You promised that you'd take me to the northern forest.
I can't have us stumbling here.
Yeah, I swear I'll keep my promise. Also...
I might ask for your help when the time comes.
Leave it to me!
Well, let's head for the Trading Guild for now. You wait at the inn-
My partner is in a crisis,
do I look like an immoral wolf who can groom her fur at leisure at the inn?
No, but...
Do I look like one?!
No, not at all.
That's not the problem.
What's the problem, then?
The Trading Guild is our home town.
There's a special meaning when we take women there.
It'll be fine if you explain our situation.
How are we going to explain it?
It'll be a disaster if the church persecutes us!
Then we should just say that we're in love!
All right, come with me.
You're a lot smarter, after all.
Right, leave it to me.
However, you'll be with me as a business partner.
Don't say anything unnecessary.
Okay.
Don't worry.
Let me first ask, just who is this beautiful lady and where did she come from?
She's my business partner who trades with me.
Huh? Business?
At the Milone Company in Pattsio, she sold fur that was assessed at 140 Thoreni silver coins,
and raised it to 210 coins.
What?
I told you, I don't invest in things without any collateral.
There are guys like you, sometimes.
Well, that's all right.
It's written in the scriptures to not open any unknown boxes.
That's wise.
Well then...
Let's get down to business.
Someone from the Remerio Company came by earlier requesting us to shoulder a debt, so I know the outline.
Basically, you were greedy and failed.
Is that right?
Yes.
Then that makes things simple.
The debt would probably be shouldered by the guild, but
you just need to pay it back on your own.
You were swindled, extorted, diseased and injured.
If the debt were to be pushed onto us, it'll be different this time instead of us risking our honor to save you.
The only one who can save you is God, or this beauty.
I understand that.
It's unfortunate, but I can't grant you a single bit of compassion.
Rather, being firm and taking this attitude will be reason for me being in that lobby.
That is the law for the entire guild.
Of course, if someone else were to be treated special, I would be angry, too.
Additionally, you cannot borrow from others within the guild.
I know.
The deadline for the debt is in two days, right?
Remerio also invested in armor and failed,
so I'm sure they will come to collect your debt without any hesitation.
In other words, your failure will be known the day after tomorrow,
and I will have to restrain you.
What conclusion have you come to?
If I cannot gather 47 Rumione within two days, then there will be no tomorrow for me.
That's not exactly right.
Tomorrow will come for you.
But it will be a dark, tough, and burdening tomorrow.
If you rowed a long-distance trade ship for ten years, I'm sure you'd be able to pay off the 47 Rumione.
You can dig holes and mine too, but that's only if you're lucky and survive.
It's like an empty dream.
Don't forget.
I don't want you to die.
Sins must be punished. I just have to do the natural thing.
I understand.
Do the best that you can in these two days.
If you need help doing business, I'll help as much as you want.
I believe in you.
Do as much as you can so that you can walk free.
Thank you for your concern.
I'll earn it in two days, somehow.
There are loopholes in business that you may not know of.
I'm sure there are paths you can see only when you're cornered.
Is there anything else you want to ask or say?
No.
Excuse us.
That's right.
Please think of something surprising to say when I pay back my debt.
You should be fine if you can say that.
All right, see you later.
47 Rumione in two days, huh?
So, what are you going to do?
For now, I'll fight debt with debts.
Do you have anybody in mind?
It's not like I trade without aim.
I don't know anyone who would let me borrow a lot of money, but
I know a lot of people who would help me a bit.
Then you'll be fine if there are 47 people.
That's exactly it.
Oh, Lawrence, it's been a while!
Did you bring some profitable story?
No, the truth is...
I still know a lot of people!
Ah, sorry, but we're busy too.
It's almost the end of the year and the price of wheat and meat are rising.
How was it?
I still have the next place.
You're right.
We have to stock up for spring.
I'm sorry, but...
Hey!
Dammit!
Why did I make that deal?!
You idiot!
Hey...
It's nothing.
Next!
What about that place?
Hey...
No, not there.
Hey, wait!
What?!
Sorry.
I can't walk properly in this body.
No, I'm sorry.
It's been a while, Lawrence.
Yes, it has.
I'm sorry for coming since the market is closed, but I have an earnest request.
I hear you've been asking at many places.
Is it because of the decline in armor?
Yes, I failed because of my naive outlook.
Naive outlook? I guess there's also that.
But, well, no one else but God can predict the decline of goods.
It is unjust to blame yourself.
You have brought me profit before.
I thought I would help you if you were to ever be in trouble.
Then...
However, I cannot see in your attitude a willingness to follow God's teachings and show sincerity.
U-Um...
What do you mean?
You try to get others to sympathize and lend you money, but you walk around with a woman?!
Don't make light of us!
Idiot!
Don't just wander into the middle of the street!
Why? Why is this happening?
Why?!
Hey! Hey, are you okay?!
Your face is pale.
Let's go back to the inn-
If I hadn't met yo-
I'm sorry...
I'm going back to the inn.
Seven apples on the witch's tree
With seven seeds to plant inside of me
In spring time I grew a magic song
Then skipping along,
I sang the song to everyone
I look at the world through apple eyes
And cut myself a slice of sunshine pie
I danced with the peanuts for the flies
Till someone had told me
To say hello for every good-bye
Saw some sugar stars
I'll put them in a jar
And we'll wish around the world
Oh we'll wish around the world
I'm a little wolf inside a cart
You say,
And off I go from June to May
Oh we'll wish around the world
Let's wish around the world
Next, Wolf and the Great Plan
Next, Wolf and the Great Plan
