I had lost my way during my journey.
Only my soul was wandering, while I stood still.
But right now, I'm walking to a distant place.
That's right, ever since I met you on this road.
The travellers witnessed the song, the forbidden song,
And I became attached to it as I heard it alone with you.
If the world I saw in my dreams exists somewhere,
Let's go search for it, beyond the winds.
Whether it's a freezing dawn,
A dry midday,
A shivering night,
or the ends of the Earth, let's go and see it.
The mutton here was surprisingly good.
Also, we were celebrating and getting drunk last time,
so we couldn't exchange much information, right?
Now that you mention it, I do recall something like that.
Halfway through our conversation, your wife's story completely captivated me.
Just think of it as a drunkard's tale and forget it.
No, no, even so, your wife is pretty amazing.
Wolf and Helpless Partner
Thank you very much.
Farewell.
Farewell.
I have confirmed the presence of the man known as Zeiren.
We will also continue with our side of the investigation.
Thank you.
However, I was truly surprised.
Who would have thought events would play out like this so soon after our meeting?
The head of the family was quite cautious,
but when he thought about it, it wasn't that simple of a scam.
In order to hoard the weakening silver coin,
someone spread lies that its value would increase,
and persuaded merchants to buy and accumulate coins.
But in reality, the value is decreasing,
so, in a panic, the merchants will attempt to relinquish it all.
At this juncture, the manipulator will swoop in and buy them all in one stroke.
The merchants who were deceived will keep it a secret, in order to protect their honor.
There is also a scheme you can use to make a tremendous profit from weakening silver coins.
However, this undertaking carries a great risk along with it.
Allow me to say that you have piqued my interest once again.
I'm glad to hear that.
Everything is a lesson for the future.
Just like with your marten pelts.
Do you think they'll discover it in time?
Even if your hypothesis is correct,
if the Milone Company fails to act quickly,
their efforts to find the conspirator behind Zeiren will be for naught, correct?
Well...
I am quite sure that it will turn out well.
In order for a business to succeed in a foreign land,
they should at least have the means to investigate one-
What is it?
It's just...
I remembered something from long ago.
From looking at me?
No, there was a young man who was doing what you were doing just now,
and he fell back so wonderfully!
I warned him almost endlessly, but he just never listened.
It seems that you had fun when you were with him.
Yes, he was quite the dunce, but he was also very cheerful.
He wasn't a bit surprised when he saw my wolf form.
He was a weird boy, but...
he was also a good person.
He was the first person in my life who treated me like a friend.
He was from Pasroe village.
Was it the person who asked about the village's wheat field?
That is correct.
He really was a dunce, though.
I've had enough drinking...
What's wrong?
I had something to tell you.
It's on the tip of my tongue, but I simply cannot remember.
What's that?
It was something fairly important, too.
You'll remember it soon, then.
I guess.
Friend, huh?
I'm the branch manager, Marle Height.
We accept the deal.
Does this mean you've discovered the conspirators behind Zeiren?
Yes, the Medioh Company is backing him.
The Medioh Company?
If I recall, they deal in farming goods with Pattsio and Zuiche.
They're also known for their transportation ships.
It would be impossible for them to execute the plan you hypothesized on their own.
There is most likely a group of nobles backing them.
We haven't yet found out exactly whom,
but no matter who it is,
if we work together and strike first, anything could happen.
Then let us discuss our shares.
You're quite ecstatic.
Three hundred thousand Thoreni silver coins!
No, if all goes well, we can do it with four hundred thousand!
Assuming that the company will make a 10 profit,
if I get two thousand, I'll finally become a legitimate shop owner!!
Well, I'm glad that things seem to be going well for you.
I told you to rest at the inn if you had a hangover.
I was worried that you would not be able to cajole them correctly.
What do you mean by that?
I meant exactly what I said.
Geez...
Just hold on a bit more.
The inn is right over there.
Is that a drawing of your store?
You're acting too surprised.
When did you wake up?
It looks pretty good!
It's not that great though.
Are you planning on opening up a shop soon?
That depends on whether the deal with the Milone Company goes well.
Well, I'm almost certain it will.
It's every peddler's dream to open up their own shop.
I'm no exception.
If I can set up a shop, I'll be a part of the city, too.
Unlike a peddler, I'll be able to make close friends, and it'll be easier to find a wife.
Oh yeah, I wonder how Chloe is doing.
I'm sure she'll be surprised if I open a shop.
No, she would probably feel bitter.
It's... a bit troublesome for me.
Why's that?
You won't be able to leave once you open a shop, right?
I'd have to continue my travels alone, or find another companion.
You're clever and you have the money you earned from the marten furs.
I'm sure that you'll be fine, traveling on your own.
I'm tired of being alone.
I can't force you to be with me.
Right?
I can accompany you until you return to the north.
It's not like I can open a shop right away once I obtain the money.
Really?
Why would I lie?
So, ah...
Don't make that face.
Okay.
This isn't like you.
I always have the same dream.
Dream?
When I...
When I wake up...
There is no one around.
Not Yueh, nor Intii...
Neither are Poro or Miyori...
No matter where I look, they're nowhere to be found.
We can live for several hundred years.
So that's why...
That's why we went on a journey.
We... We thought that we would reunite for sure.
But... There's no one!
I don't want to wake up and find that there's no one here anymore!
I'm tired of being alone!
Being alone is cold!
Being alone is lonely.
This is shameful...
Peddlers have nightmares like that too.
Your face is all sticky now.
Hold on a bit.
Here.
But that's...
I was going to throw away this sketch.
Plus, that deal hasn't succeeded yet.
There's a limit to my optimism.
I'm deeply indebted to you now.
I'm still sleepy.
Aren't you going to sleep?
Let's go to sleep, then.
The candle charges will be wasted.
That is a very merchant-like notion.
What are you doing?
Don't say anything uncouth!
It's suffocating...
Have your eyes adjusted yet?
What do you-
I've finally remembered what I had to tell you.
There are three people outside the door.
They're probably not your usual guests.
It can't be... the Medioh Company?
This is the second floor.
Fortunately, there is no one outside.
Are you ready?
Let's thoroughly bathe my body in the moonlight!
Run!
We'll have to give up the wagon.
They won't benefit from killing the horse!
We'll just get it back once things calm down!
Yeah.
Hold on to some, just to be safe.
It's warm.
It's the wheat I reside in, after all.
They're heading for the Milone Company!
Don't let them make it inside!
Horo, let's go shopping once this matter is over!
What are you saying so suddenly?
I'll buy you a comb, a hat, or anything.
What are you scheming?
Nothing, it's just that you have beautiful hair.
I'd rather have a comb for my tail than for my hair!
Then we'll go with that!
Just hang on, we're almost at the Milone Company!
Did you find them?
No.
They should be around here.
The gang will be coming soon, let's scour the area!
Yes!
The situation is pretty bad.
Should we split up?
That's a good idea, but I have a better one.
What is it?
I'll run out and distract them.
During that time, you will-
Hold on, that's-
Listen.
If we don't split up properly, you'll be the one they capture.
A wolf like me won't be captured easily.
If it's just me,
how will I negotiate with the Milone Company?
You will explain it all to Milone.
In order for you to not be dismissed,
you need to be the one to negotiate for what you want with them.
I can't go through with this after all.
If the Medioh Company sees your ears or tail, they'll take you to the church for sure!
I won't be caught.
Even if I am caught, I can hide my ears and tail for at least a day.
I'm sure you'll come rescue me during that time.
Hey!
You want to save up and open a store, don't you?
This is the perfect chance for me to pay you back for earlier.
Don't be stupid!
You'll be killed if you're caught!
How does that balance out?!
Loneliness is a fatal disease.
It's balanced enough.
No!
I believe in you.
Over there!
There they are! After them!
How is it?
Just one?
There should be two of them!
There he is!
It's Lawrence! We met earlier today! I'm being chased!
Help me! Please, help me!
There he is!
Wait!
Hand him over to us!
All of you!
This establishment is officially recognized by the 33rd Archduke of the Duchy of Laundile.
It's the Duke Milone's Milone Company!
This gate belongs to the Duke.
Everyone within this building is the Duke's guest.
Additionally, the Duke's guests are under the care and protection of Archduke Laundile!
Listen! Hitting this fence with that stick of yours is the same as hitting the Archduke's pedestal!
Fall back!
Quite the uproar in the middle of the night, don't you think?
Just what happened?
Forgive my intrusion.
And above all, I thank you all for saving me.
If you want to give thanks, go offer it to the distant Duke Milone.
Nevertheless, who were they?
They were most likely receiving orders from the Medioh Company.
That's what I believe as well.
The business proposal I brought here was exposed,
and now they're trying to obstruct it.
Obstruct it?
There's a possibility that my companion was captured!
Could you bring her back with your power?
Some of our people who heard the uproar went out to gather information,
and reported that they saw a female being forcibly taken away.
That's probably my companion, Horo.
She decided to be a decoy so that I could make it here.
I see.
However, for what reason did they capture her?
Like I said!
It's to prevent us from interfering with the Medioh Company.
Isn't that a bit strange?
How so?!
Please calm down. Something is strange.
Somehow, very strange.
Why?
Please think about it.
They have your companion as a hostage now,
but is there anything they can do to obstruct us?
We have already begun to hoard Thoreni silver coins.
That is to say, we already know all the details behind the underground dealings.
If you had simply gathered Thoreni silver coins
and had not told anyone about it, then there would be value in taking a hostage.
However, there aren't any stores that would take action in that situation, are there?
That's...
Then...
Yes, we have already gathered all the information we need.
It doesn't matter what happens to you or your companions.
It's very unfortunate, but
we have already invested a vast amount into this.
If we were to weigh the potentially outrageous profit we could make,
with the bitterness that you would have with us...
I'm sorry, but I have to think of the company's profits.
How could this be...
Please wait!
I can see that your companion is very important to you.
However, letting this dull your thinking would be getting your priorities completely backwards.
Forgive me.
It's fine.
If my wife was in the same situation,
I probably wouldn't be able to stay calm, either.
Even so, it's strange.
The Medioh Company should obviously know what we would decide.
Obvious... I guess it is.
Even so, they targeted you, knowing that she wouldn't work as a lever in negotiations.
Do you have any idea why?
Ideas...
It can't be...!
The profit lying before us is an incredible amount.
I would very much like for us fulfill this undertaking.
But...
If you have even the slightest idea, please tell us.
Lawrence!
You have an idea, don't you?
Excuse me.
What is it?
A letter was thrown in earlier.
I believe it's connected to this incident.
To the wolf and the forest it resides in.
I'm sorry, but may I read that first?
Very well.
Thank you.
We have the wolf.
The church doors have already opened.
For the wolf to not enter your house,
shut the door together with your family.
My female companion, Horo, is...
She's the incarnation of the wolf that brings an abundant harvest!
You're...
Seven apples on the witch's tree
With seven seeds to plant inside of me
In spring time I grew a magic song
Then skipping along,
I sang the song to everyone
I look at the world through apple eyes
And cut myself a slice of sunshine pie
I danced with the peanuts for the flies
Till someone had told me
To say hello for every good-bye
Saw some sugar stars
I'll put them in a jar
And we'll wish around the world
Oh we'll wish around the world
I'm a little wolf inside a cart
You say,
And off I go from June to May
Oh we'll wish around the world
Let's wish around the world
Next, Wolf and Lover's Quarrel
Next, Wolf and Lover's Quarrel
