German below this
German above this
< She's a tankman. >
< Time for GERMAN! >
< Shit. >
The brilliant glow of this sky, does it carry right into your heart?
The melody you heard in your dream, it plays like the silence
Even if your hands are still far from that dream,
Come now and remember that kindly voice,
Someone was there singing for you, singing those chords of happiness
Sound of the sky, echo on high, break through that overwhelming sadness
Everything that shines in your eyes
Is part of the real world
Even your tears can't leave you here to stay forever
In this light pouring down onto you, play tomorrow's song
Love and friendship - put these feelings together
And sing of how important they are
I was so happy that I cried
It hurt so bad that I laughed
But that all just goes to show that I'm alive
Let's just walk it slowly
Everybody singing!
Just tell me a bit of what you think
You're just my friend!
Love and friendship - even though they might waver
I know, you know, little happy
I want us to echo on forever
Can you hear my precious note?
All these words that there are can't even describe it.
Our harmony
Can you hear it? Our harmony
The Helvetian witch?
A Helvetian soldier?
Where am I? Am I a hostage of the Helvetians?
So you have taken me as a hosta-
Infantry of the Roman Empire, First Tank Division. Thirteenth Tank Battalion, Company B, Feldwebel.
A'ishah Aldora. Identification Number 1031021.
Infantry of the Roman Empire, Feldwebel, A'ishah Aldora.
Identification number 1031021.
I see, so I actually made it!
Grandmother...
I need energy to escape, that's why I'm eating.
Listen, have any of you seen the bones of the angel?
Oh yeah, you don't understand anything...
It sounds great!
I didn't know that such trumpets still existed.
May I try?
A great trumpet... That I'm able to see something like th-
Thank you!
Yes, thank you!
I am Yumina.
I serve the Helvetian Orthodox Church. May the blessings of all be upon you.
You're one of those heretics.
There's only one god. Such a greeting is blasphemy.
Why are you here?
If you don't talk, it will cause a lot of trouble for all of us.
If you feel the least bit thankful, then you should talk honestly with us.
I'm not allowed to talk about my mission,
but I wanted to see the bones of the angel that's supposedly in this town.
My grandmother, she was in this fortress, in this stronghold.
She was taken prisoner on the Eastern front, where she met my grandfather.
When I was a child, she often told me about them.
I always wanted to see it, the angel my grandmother had seen.
The Angel of Apocalypse that had brought divine retribution upon the world.
Her name is Noel.
Noel? Noel Kannagi?
Yes.
You have the Invisible Death...
Honestly, this snow is so stupid!
And headquarters sending us on a patrol? On a day like this?
Yeah.
You still haven't given up on Madame Jacquotte?
It's not that I...
Well, whatever. Just keep looking and looking and then you can say maybe when you just can't find her.
What?
I was just thinking that you were kind of like Rio for a second.
What is it?
Under the cliff, eleven o'clock. About 400 meters.
Wake up. Can you wake up?
Her clothes are all frozen!
Kanata. Take her coat off.
We're switching.
This girl...
A Roman soldier?
The Visitor - A Snowy Field Ablaze
To restore operations at a facility like this!
You really are the greatest genius in the history of the Academy!
We can win with this.
We owe this to you, Miss Noel Kannagi.
Noel!
They found her during their patrol. A Roman soldier.
It looks like her left leg is broken.
Her fingers are turning black!
Frostbite. If we don't work fast, she may lose those fingers.
Leave her to me!
It looks like she'll be fine.
She said she saved her fingers, too.
Thank goodness.
What about Noel?
She said she'll stay with her.
But I wonder why...
She put everything she had into it.
Almost like she was repairing the Takemicaduchi.
I see.
A bugle.
She might be a scout.
I thought so.
I was surprised.
Of course you were.
No one would expect to see a Roman soldier in a place like that.
Not that. This is the first time I've seen a Roman.
Everyone calls them the enemy and everything, so I thought they would look more evil or something.
The Romans might think the same way about us.
When I saw her, I thought that maybe the Romans were just like us.
Kanata, what are you-
Kanata, it's about time. The Recall.
The peace conferences still aren't going smoothly?
It looks like it.
Are we going to report this?
If we do, she'll be taken to the capital and interrogated.
We can't do anything about that! She stepped into enemy territory at a time like this!
A soldier must be prepared for torture-
Interrogation.
I will decide how we handle her.
Give me some time, Kureha.
Don't forget, Commander.
We are soldiers.
Can I ask you something?
When you carried her here, did anyone see you?
I don't know. I was focused on bringing her here.
I understand. Thank you.
Tell me, Rio. What would you do?
What will you do with it?
Roman. I don't understand.
What was that scream?
What happened?
She woke up.
I'm glad.
Why did you come here?
What is your mission?
You have some nerve...
How is it? Find anything out?
Absolutely nothing! She doesn't understand Helvetian at all!
All we've figured out is her identification number and that her name is A'ishah.
My name is Lieutenant Filicia Heidemann. I am in command here.
Those are some nice breasts you have. Just what I like.
Would you mind if I sucked and massaged them?
Would you mind if I play with your body?
What are you saying, Commander?
It looks like she really doesn't understand Helvetian.
This is a problem. It means we can't interrogate her.
We have to find someone who speaks Roman quickly.
Then...
Until we can interrogate her and file a report, we will hold her here.
But!
I thought we might test our luck.
Whatever happens, it's not my fault.
Time-Telling Fortress?
Right. The Time-Telling Fortress.
Sound of the Skies
Sound of the Skies
Open up!
Oh? Is it too hot?
She ate it!
Is it good?
She must be saying it's good!
I wonder why.
Kanata's always like that, but why is Noel acting like that?
Atonement, maybe.
Engel?
I should have studied Roman.
You're right. If we could talk to her, maybe-
You sure are working hard.
Oh, Yumina. Got enough hands to shovel snow at the church?
Yes. The children are working very hard.
That's great.
They sure are growing up.
Yes.
People grow every day.
Just like the sound of Miss Kanata's trumpet...
Rio would say she still has a ways to go.
Oh? Didn't you head over to Treize to stock up?
Things happen. Ended up being a wasted trip.
Sounds like things aren't going your way.
That reminds me. I've been hearing some ugly rumors about the fortress.
Thank you for listening.
I'm sure Rio would let you too.
Hey, that piece!
Amazing! This is absolutely wonderful!
Iliya's sound echoed in me, it echoed in Rio,
and the same piece echoed in both Helvetia and Rome!
The sound will echo.
Whether in Rome or Helvetia, it's the same.
Temporary repairs.
Danke?
What does Danke mean?
It means Thank you.
Someone saw us.
This town never saw the lions mouth, but parents, siblings, and relatives included, everyone's lost someone they knew in the war.
Even the nicest people, you know...
You remember the owner of the distillery, Mikhail?
I had some business with him yesterday.
It looks like the Helvetian army's on the move.
To this town.
If that has anything to do with this Roman soldier you've got here, then we've got a problem.
Either way, we have to ask her.
Miss Naomi, do you know anyone who knows Roman?
Do I know anyone?
What's she saying?
It's just a light greeting.
We don't need any of that! Ask her!
She says she wants to see the bones of the angel.
Bones of the angel?
What's that?
My grandmother was a soldier at the Time-Telling Fortress.
She was captured on the Eastern front and met her grandfather.
When I was young, she often told me about them.
That is not what happened!
A demon brought the world to ruin!
We don't care. Just tell us what she's saying.
She wanted to see the Angel of the Apocalypse that brought divine retribution upon the world.
She says that's why she came.
A call to march?
This code is...
First Royal Guard Battalion, Ninth Independent Mobile Division.
Ninth? Isn't that Colonel Hopkins'?
Is he famous?
They call him the Demon of Binnenland.
They say he revived ancient weapons and wiped out three whole towns in a single night.
Don't worry. He doesn't know you're here.
Don't worry.
Regardless, you don't have much time to think.
You girls need to figure out what to do, and fast.
Are you going to hand her over, or-
There is nothing to think about.
We are Helvetian soldiers.
It looks like we failed this test.
You didn't make it in time, Rio.
Stop right there!
Rio said she didn't want anyone else to suffer.
That's why she would do everything she could!
That's why she went!
I don't want to.
We're all the same!
We're all a part of this!
The following is an order from the Commander of Platoon 1121.
This order is my own decision. I will take full responsibility for it.
Do you all understand?
Platoon 1121 Commander, Lieutenant Filicia Heidemann.
Several days ago, a Roman scout was captured in Treize.
Unfortunately, due to an accident during interrogation, we were unable to confirm several details.
Immediately following, we heard reports of Roman forces in this area.
Do you know anything about this?
I do not, Colonel.
Understood.
As of this moment, command of Fortress 1121 has been transferred to the Ninth Independent Mobile Division.
Don't start shouting now.
I'm sorry.
A'ishah just told me about the legend of the Maidens of the Fire, but...
It's different. According to her-
I want a complete search!
Found her?
How about over there?
Not here either!
Find her!
Open this door!
She must be here!
Put a guard at every gate!
She says that she still doesn't know your name.
Noel-
The Invisible Death?
Oh? A rat, I think?
Miss Noel!
Hello?
This is Fortress 1121.
A large contingent of Roman forces has appeared on the border between Seize and Nomansland?
Next time: Echo Through the Blue Sky
