= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai yo kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we would go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
Wolf and Careless Negotiations
I'm sorry!
I shouldn't have left you alone till dawn.
But it was fun for me as a trader!
Though I know you wouldn't accept that...
It's narrow here.
Too narrow!
Well I won't deny that it's inconvenient,
but I like this kind of messy place.
Why's that?
It has a certain weight to it from the years it's been through.
Like how a tool slowly changes shape over time,
after being used for a long time it becomes unrivaled.
Like how the shape of a river changes with time?
Unfortunately, I don't really understand your analogy.
Then how about a person's heart?
You call it soul or something, right?
Soul, huh?
If you could pull it out and look at it, that might be a good analogy.
Slowly being chipped away at, injured, and repaired,
to the point where one could look at it and say, This is mine.
Whoop!
Please give me your hand, princess.
Very well.
If your soul could be pulled out and looked at...
I bet it would be dyed in my color.
I think it would be more appropriate to say poisoned.
If you say that,
I must be a deadly poison.
You've completely fallen for this smile, after all.
Then what color is your soul?
What color?
Various colors, I guess.
You can sense a selfish, possessive desire from me, right?
That's good,
I'm the same after all.
Right.
Here we see a fork in the road.
How do you deal with such a selfish possessive desire?
Even for such difficult problems I could never solve...
It's not rare for there to be others who easily understand them.
Could it be that you're suffering from jealousy that arises from such possessive desires?
And so you're seeking a means to deal with it?
What if I said yes?
Thinking about it from your perspective,
I can come up with the best answer immediately.
The answer is that such feelings are impossible to deal with.
But self-hatred will follow.
So, right, you said?
Yes.
But...
Possessiveness and self-hatred...
I see.
I expect you just tried to step into my shoes and figure out my inner desires,
but in reality,
you just thought up how you want me to be.
Males really are idiotic creatures.
You're attracted by females being jealous,
acting all distressed and meek while wanting you and hating themselves, right?
And you want them to cling to the hand you kindly offer them.
Come now, let's go.
O-Okay.
So...
I'm asking just to tease you, but...
Do you want to know how many I've had?
I just realized again just how delicate my heart is.
Now then...
I heard he's a difficult person, so let's do this carefully.
The pleasant, whimsical banter with you ends,
and I guess I'm back to boring reality.
How about going back to the inn to sleep?
That wouldn't be so bad.
Of course,
it wouldn't be sheep I'd be counting on top of the bed.
So?
How many?
It seems I really am a fool, even amongst men.
Who might you be?
I was introduced by Abe Boland.
He's been expecting you.
Please come in.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Well that's certainly a pleasing reaction to see.
Isn't that great, Rigolo?
It's amazing, right?
If you put all your effort into it, it's possible to keep them green all year.
I see...
I heard about you from Fruhl.
She said there was someone with a strange request for me.
Ah, nice to meet you.
It's Lawrence. Ah, I mean...
Craft Lawrence.
My name is Rigolo Deidre. Nice to meet you.
And this is my traveling companion
Horo.
How delightful!
Nice to meet you.
Indeed.
Now then,
I'm quite happy that you were awed by my prized garden.
What can I give you in thanks?
I expect you heard from Abe Boland,
but I was hoping you could show me the records regarding old legends and such in this town.
Oh?
So that really was what you came for.
Fruhl...
No, Abe.
Even though she puts on such a hard face, she's too playful.
So that's why you're not a long-bearded, frowning, difficult person?
She's saying all sorts of things about me again?
But I guess it's not a complete lie that I'm a difficult person.
After all, recently I've been refusing meetings with people as much as possible.
I'm also a merchant from outside the city.
Is it really okay for us to be talking?
Yes, you came at a good time.
This could be what they call god's guidance.
The meeting was still going on not long ago,
but it finally wrapped up and ended.
Oh?
As one might expect of a merchant who was introduced by that stubborn girl.
You don't let your guard down.
Always using one's utmost wit and cunning can become quite confusing.
The back of the back is the front.
Just now, you thought to yourself, Ah, the meeting ended early. right?
I am the scribe for the Fifty-man meeting, after all.
I can understand the changing expressions of many people at once.
Even if I can't understand just by your expressions, Lawrence.
The truth starts to show when combined with the movements of your companion.
Very impressive.
Not at all,
it's just an act of mine.
If I had ill intentions, I wouldn't reveal what I knew.
And even if I could understand what someone really thinks,
I'm no good at communicating what I want.
That makes me a failure as a merchant, right?
Unfortunately.
Thanks to that, I'm not too popular with the ladies.
All the old books are in the basement.
Seems the back of the back is the front.
To think he was looking at my face too.
That's the first time I've seen such a trick.
Well, I think it's true he has no ill intentions.
He's like a child.
But with someone with such a skill by your side,
you could probably lead a very relaxed, worry-free life.
You're always brimming with ill intentions, aren't you.
By the way,
I can't hold back my curiosity, so if you don't mind my asking,
why do you want to know the legends of hundreds of years ago?
She's searching for her own origins.
Her origins?
Due to various circumstances, I'm guiding her on her way home.
That's why.
I see.
So you're going north.
Yes.
We don't know the exact location yet.
We're at the stage where we're trying to find it using a legend she remembers.
Really?
No, I'm sure you have your reasons.
The world is like that.
Sometimes children that come down from the north stay in this city.
There's nothing better than returning safely to one's homeland.
This is everything, so I thought it might be best if you take them all at once.
If you drop those, it'll be three days without food.
I'll take a few.
This is where I'd like to ask you to read them here.
But I trust Fruhl, so if she trusts you I'll trust you too.
However, others may not think that way.
Of course, I'll be careful.
It must be really easy to wave your hands like that when you're not holding anything.
You should watch your mouth doesn't get you jilted one day.
Males just get overexcited when flattered.
Even though I'm in no position to, I just get frustrated.
Geez.
Even being gluttonous has its limits, you know.
Nice evening.
I said it's a nice evening.
Though, if we had nothing but nights like this,
I might go bad.
Sweet and salty water, huh.
Sweet and salty water.
Oh?
The master will glare at you if you go out to other inns.
It's just for one day.
Of course, it'd be a problem if we went every night.
Do you drink much?
It's exactly as you see.
I was talking with a fur trader from the north.
As I thought, there's little snow this year, so heading up there is convenient.
Thank you for going out of your way to find out.
If you want to know more details, that man...
Korka Coose.
Was that his name?
It doesn't really matter.
He's staying on the fourth floor.
He mentioned that he's normally free during evenings.
If you want more info, go ask him.
Thanks for the time being, then.
So sloppy.
Scary.
What do you mean?
It's scary.
Is there anything that scares you?
Everything's going well at the moment, isn't it?
We're not caught up in any difficulties.
And the road north this year seems straightforward.
And so far,
we haven't gotten into any fights.
What I'm afraid of...
What I'm afraid of is this.
You don't get it?
The end of our journey?
Of course, that's also scary.
But...
There's something more scary than that.
It's fine if you don't understand.
Actually,
if you come to realize what it is, I might be a bit troubled.
I don't mind if you go downstairs,
but only to the point where I don't get jealous.
It seems I like possessive girls who hate themselves.
Did a witch sneeze or something?
Did time stop?
Completely.
It's because I'm a merchant but the old man isn't.
There's nothing to talk about.
Thanks to you, I met with Rigolo without issue.
That guy has such a gloomy face, right?
I know, eh?
It's depressing being around someone so dreary.
I'm envious of that special skill of his.
Is that so.
Rigolo took a liking to you, huh?
If you were to partner with him, most other merchants would be defenseless against you, don't you think?
Unfortunately he didn't seem to have that intention.
His joy in life...
is taking repose in that dilapidated mansion.
You saw the garden, right?
It was magnificent.
It's very rare to see glass windows that big.
I can't stand them.
I'd go crazy.
So?
It seems they came to a conclusion at the meeting.
And what was it?
Unfortunately I didn't get to hear.
Did you manage to get that out of him?
Me?
That guy is wary around me.
But yeah, if we could hear whether it's true or not from his own mouth...
Surprisingly it may be true.
But, what interests me is...
what your objective is in pursuing this conversation.
Straight to the point, huh.
Didn't you come here for small business deals?
Or some trivial bargaining?
I'm the same as the others.
Looking for some way to make a large profit from this.
What else is there besides that?
Avoiding a huge loss?
People have two eyes, but it's hard to watch out for both at the same time.
You're right in that avoiding a huge loss is a part of it.
Meaning?
I'm trading in stone statues.
Of the Holy Mother?
You saw one?
I'm just dragging stones, so the profit margins aren't great.
But the moment the church offers its prayers to them, I can sell them at a high price.
Thanks to the Northern Expedition each year, there are a ridiculous number of people who buy them up.
We should be thankful for religion.
Unfortunately I don't pocket the profit from the blessing, but I make up for it in quantity.
But this year I was suddenly cut off!
I know well now that no one is faster than the Church to turn their back on a friend.
Recently the authority of the church in the south has been degrading.
I thought it was about time I stop leaving my load on a sinking ship.
So I thought to make a profit in the end and move elsewhere.
I see.
So, while I'm at it, I figured if I can make a big profit off this, I'll go south.
Maybe it's time I go on a pilgrimage.
On that note,
would you lend me some money?
I'll get right to it as well.
Will you sell your companion?
Next episode: Wolf and Lonely Smile
Wolf and Lonely Smile
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei na bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetekuretara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
If you will embrace me
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
