I had lost my way during my journey.
Only my soul was wandering, while I stood still.
But right now, I'm walking to a distant place.
That's right, ever since I met you on this road.
The travellers witnessed the song, the forbidden song,
And I became attached to it as I heard it alone with you.
If the world I saw in my dreams exists somewhere,
Let's go search for it, beyond the winds.
Whether it's a freezing dawn,
A dry midday,
A shivering night,
or the ends of the Earth, let's go and see it.
What's wrong?
The air is wavering.
The market is nearby.
Isn't that why?
No, it's wavering.
Water...
The sound of splashing water.
From where?
In front!
No, we've got to fall back!
Is there only a single path?
The path we're using is a single one!
I don't think even I have the confidence to not get lost in here.
What is it?
Even if we run, they'll catch up to us.
They've let dogs loose.
What?
They're stupid ones.
Well, cover your ears.
What's this sound?
I want to eat apples.
I'll let you eat as many as you want later.
Wolf and Silent Farewell
How did they figure it out, though?
It's not that they figured it out.
They probably went underground and found us by coincidence.
If they had known, they would've pinned us on both sides.
The Milone Company has sold you out!
Running is useless now!
It looks like we were sold out.
We must've been sold at a high price.
As long as you're here, they can take out Milone's local branch.
I see, then it must've been quite a high price.
It was just a bluff instead of a greeting.
Once we turn this corner...
There they are!
There they are! Over there!
Don't let them get away!
Do you know where we're going?
I know, don't worry!
Turn left next!
No!
Sorry about that, I'm in a hurry.
Lawrence!
Please forgive my sin, God.
Repent for your habitual behavior before your sins!
Damn it.
They got me.
Lawrence!
Thank goodness...
I called for you several times, but you didn't wake up.
I'm okay.
I was just a bit sleepy.
Just hold on for a bit longer, we're almost there.
Where?
Didn't you hear?
There's a scent of light.
I told you there's a place we can go up, didn't I?
Y-Yeah, you did.
What's this?
You didn't even notice that?
No, I'm okay.
Just hang on a bit more!
Once we reach the end of this path, there'll be an exit.
Look!
It can't be...
An old well, huh?
I'm sorry.
I didn't think it would turn out like this.
There they are!
Stay back.
No...
It's impossible for you!
It's okay.
I can still do it.
You're lying! Even if I didn't have such ears, I could tell!
I was wondering if it might have been you from the reports.
I didn't think that it would really be you,
Lawrence.
The one backing the Medioh Company is Count Eirin Dotte.
If your dealings take place in wheat country,
you can make payments with any coin you like.
Additionally, the abolishment of the wheat tariff was done by the Count and Medioh Company.
To everyone in the village, it would seem like a blessing from heaven.
I know that you have merchant acquaintances that would buy wheat.
You also let the village chief handle the negotiations.
Most of the wheat dealings happen after the harvest festival.
Well, let's leave these piled-up stories for later.
We don't have time for this.
How cold.
Even when I visited your village, we didn't get to be together.
You met another fine person though, right?
Hand her over to us.
We'll present her to the church,
and then break away from the old era.
And if we hand her over, we can also take out Milone Company.
And if we can abolish the tariff,
our village will gain a massive profit from wheat.
That also goes for merchants who handle our wheat, Lawrence.
We were thankful that you bought our wheat, even though the village
was suffering from the tariff.
Your preference for buying wheat from us was as if you really recognized us.
Lawrence...
Let's succeed together and open a shop in this city.
If you're a merchant, you can at least recognize the losses and gains here.
You're right.
I've always wanted to accomplish my dream.
Lawrence!
However, keeping a promise is the first step to becoming a good merchant.
What a fate I have, since a weird wolf that I picked up wished to return to the north.
And I also made a contract to accompany her.
I can't break contracts.
You...
Our time together was short.
Farewells are part of being a merchant.
You can kill the man.
Make sure to capture the woman alive.
If you're going to come, then come!
Horo!
The dagger!
That's enough!
It might hurt a bit.
Please endure it.
She's sucking his blood!
Don't falter!
She's just a girl that's possess-
Please...
Don't look at me.
God is always like this...
Always...
Always unfair!
Stop, Horo!
Wait!
Horo!
How much do you think the clothes you tore apart cost?!
I don't care whether you're a god or whatever, I'll have you pay me back!
The 50 coins you earned aren't enough!
How many years do you think it took me to save up the money to buy those?!
I'll chase you!
I'll chase you all the way to the forest in the north!
Horo!
Have you awakened?
How is your wound?
F-Fine, thanks to you.
Forgive us for putting you in danger because of our ineptitude.
No...
It was because of my companion in the first place.
It was fortunate that the disturbance ended underground.
If someone had seen that form,
the head and branch offices might have been set on fire.
You saw?!
Yes, I got a report from one of my subordinates.
The one who found you said that a large wolf wouldn't hand you over until I came.
So where is Horo now?
After carrying you here, she left without saying where she was headed.
Is that so...
How did the dealings go?
We were able to obtain the rights that Medioh Company wants the most.
That's great.
We had gathered three hundred and seven thousand, one hundred and twelve coins.
The king had intended to devalue the coins quite a bit.
Therefore, we were able to purchase them outright for 350,000 coins.
350,000 coins?
According to our contract with you, you would receive half of our profit.
Isn't that right?
Yes, no doubt.
Please confirm it.
This is!
120 coins, that's half of our profit.
Only this much?
The fee for the transportation of the coins,
the tariff that accompanies it,
and the handling charge for the contract itself.
A contract handling charge? I can't believe they'd charge that much.
A purveyor to the government probably gave them a hint.
In exchange for obtaining the rights, we thought we'd try to recover from the loss
of buying the coins.
It was something we couldn't foresee.
It's an unfortunate outcome.
Unforeseen events are part of our trade.
However...
Unforeseen events...
This is!
It seems that the Medioh Company really wanted the rights.
Also, we know they were gathering coins under the assumption they would lower in value.
It's the same thing as having debt.
I'm sure they had wanted to do business where they could reliably anticipate their profit.
They had promptly offered us a price for it.
But, 1000 coins is...
Yes, it's quite cheap.
Would you like your pay in silver coins?
If you'd like to exchange it for goods instead, we could prepare it for you.
Pepper.
Do you have pepper?
It's light and it won't be unwieldy.
It will be winter soon, and if there are more meat dishes, the price will rise.
Is something wrong?
Forgive me.
I just remembered a play I had read recently.
Play?
Yes.
It's a merrymaking play by the church aimed at companies so that they trade in moderation.
Before a rich merchant, a demon appears and says to him,
Bring the most delicious human to me, or else I will eat you.
The merchant, valuing his life, offered the demon young maids and fat men,
but the demon was not satisfied with them.
After scouring the town for a delicious-looking human,
he finally found a boy that smelled of honey and milk.
He immediately offered the boy to the demon,
but the boy said to the demon,
Is the most delicious human really before you?
Look, day after day, this man's fat soul
is being seasoned with spices, and it's finally showing its effects!
Ah, I had just imagined you all fattened and about to be eaten by the demon.
I'd like it if my body was seasoned with spices and started showing its effect.
I'm looking forward to it.
From here on, I'd like to maintain good relations with a great merchant like you, Lawrence.
Thank you.
Well then, I have some work to do.
There seems to be an invoice addressed to you, Lawrence.
I don't remember trading for these.
Where's the unloading place?
Ah, um, go to the end of the hall and turn right-
Thanks!
Please move out of the way!
Sorry!
One robe and set of clothes,
a silk handkerchief,
traveling shoes,
a tortoiseshell comb,
and lastly...
A large quantity of apples!
In all, it comes to 140 coins.
Horo!
Sorry, let me through!
I didn't think I'd be able to pay my debt until I reached the northern forest.
Geez...
I'll pay you back when I reach my home.
Of course.
Wolf and spice, huh?
Seven apples on the witch's tree
With seven seeds to plant inside of me
In spring time I grew a magic song
Then skipping along,
I sang the song to everyone
I look at the world through apple eyes
And cut myself a slice of sunshine pie
I danced with the peanuts for the flies
Till someone had told me
To say hello for every good-bye
Saw some sugar stars
I'll put them in a jar
And we'll wish around the world
Oh we'll wish around the world
I'm a little wolf inside a cart
You say,
And off I go from June to May
Oh we'll wish around the world
Let's wish around the world
Next, Wolf and Righteous Scale
Next, Wolf and Righteous Scale
