I had lost my way during my journey.
Only my soul was wandering, while I stood still.
But right now, I'm walking to a distant place.
That's right, ever since I met you on this road.
The travellers witnessed the song, the forbidden song,
And I became attached to it as I heard it alone with you.
If the world I saw in my dreams exists somewhere,
Let's go search for it, beyond the winds.
Whether it's a freezing dawn,
A dry midday,
A shivering night,
or the ends of the Earth, let's go and see it.
Um...
He's another accomplice for today's job.
I am Martin Liebert from the Remerio Company.
I-I'm Nora Allent.
Let us set off, then.
Business is like raw fish in a kitchen.
It means it'll be all for naught if we don't act quickly.
Do you think it'll go well?
There'll be no tomorrow for us if we fail.
Wolf and Young Pack
This is no joke.
The sun hasn't even set yet.
Well, that's because...
I will go ahead.
Please catch up with me as soon as possible.
U-Um...
It's okay.
He just doesn't know how dangerous it is for a shepherd to travel at night.
He's shouldering Remerio's future.
So it's natural.
The stars are pretty.
They're okay.
They're prettier where I was born.
I didn't think we could be having such a normal conversation under these circumstances.
We won't be able to hold out if we're pressured all day and night.
Well, I guess you're right.
Tomorrow we'll be facing the problematic road.
It feels like it wouldn't be strange if something just appeared.
Please don't panic if wolves appear.
I will guide you safely to the city for sure.
May God protect us.
Hey.
Do you think we'll be okay with the wolves?
No, we're already surrounded.
What'd you say?
If that happened, I would guarantee your safety.
I can't say the same for anyone else, though.
It'll be problematic if everyone isn't safe.
I'm not really sure about that.
The wind is blowing in from the forest.
If there were wolves in the forest,
they would have bared their fangs and the sheep would have realized it already
That's a smart dog.
That makes me angry.
What do you mean?
That dog knows about me and is hiding it.
Really?
Geez, he should know his place.
I wonder if Nora knows?
If we fail at smuggling, then Nora is the one who is least able to justify her actions.
We could keep quiet about it and escape, but...
Geez, you're so weak against blonde girls.
I told you what punishments we could receive, right?
She won't be able to stand them with that small body of hers.
Then you should protect her with all your might so that it doesn't happen.
Horo?
It'd be great if they don't appear from here on out.
Eh? Ah, yes, really great.
If we set off at dawn, we'll reach Ramtra by noon.
And then it'll finally be my turn.
I'll go and sleep to prepare myself.
May you sleep well.
Stay back, Lawrence.
There's nothing to panic about.
Please wake up and be careful.
Did you drive them away?
At the very least, they've gone further away.
The wolves here are always like this.
They don't howl or show any signs of attacking.
They just watch and stare at us.
It certainly is strange that they don't howl.
I hope it goes well.
You're right.
Um...
Are you familiar with wolves, Horo?
Ah, no, um...
You seemed to have noticed the wolves quite quickly last night.
It's nothing, just something like instinct.
Is that so?
I might have been on guard to some extent.
You just can't rely on men.
Don't you think so?
Eh? Ah, no, that's not...
Okay, then what do you think about him?
You don't need to worry, so just say what you think.
You have a pretty good eye for people!
In the first place, it's strange to ask someone who's travelling with a man if they're familiar with wolves.
Why's that?
By the time night sets, the wolves will have already appeared.
There's a cute rabbit like you right before them, after all.
There's no way a rabbit who's about to be eaten by wolves every night wouldn't be familiar with them.
Ah, um, that's because...
That's a nice reaction!
Well, it's the opposite for me.
My companion is a rabbit who would die from loneliness if I didn't care for him.
Either way,
it was just a coincidence that I noticed the wolves quickly.
I had thought you were a shepherd.
That's a real surprise.
Enik seems to be very conscious of you, Horo.
Ah, that's probably because he's fallen for me.
Um, Enik has?
You care for him very much, right?
Because of that, he probably favors you more.
If he doesn't frolic with others sometimes, his desires will show for sure.
You should be blunt sometimes.
It'll become a good rein.
If he's unfaithful to me in the future, I'll do what you told me.
That'll be good.
But right now,
I want to praise him as much as I can.
Whether this job succeeds or fails,
I will stop being a shepherd.
Do you feel a bit more relieved now?
I give up.
You certainly have it.
Thank goodness, I thought it didn't go well.
Did I look that way?
I'm sure you feel nervous carrying such a large amount of gold.
I'm ashamed.
Well then, let's set off.
Just like this gold, a shining tomorrow awaits us.
I-Is this really the same road we took?
I-It just feels very different to me.
Enik!
I'm sorry, let us hurry.
They're here.
Yes, they're also on that hill.
W-Will we be alright?
Yes, but please hurry!
Enik!
The girl is doing well.
The wolves won't be able to make a move like this.
What do you mean?
Wolves won't do anything that will harm a member of their pack.
They act carefully by spreading the pack out and slowly cornering their prey.
Enik!
But with their formation,
we can turn the tables on them.
We can get through at this rate.
A single wolf won't come and attack.
Hey...
What is it?
Sink or swim!
Stand down!
Youngsters are like that lately, even among humans.
The ones in the forest are the same.
Is it all right now?
Nora! How is it?
I don't know, but I will do my best.
No way...
Hey...
It looks like I will have to deal with things here.
Once the girl and man go first,
you should distance yourself as well.
Why?
I told you it's not a normal wolf.
If I stay here, the pack won't chase the sheep.
Their target isn't the sheep.
What thoughtless obstinacy.
What stupid pride.
Every one of these youngsters only value themselves.
Hey, if you don't say anything, no one will move.
Cooperation between partners is important, right?
We will take care of things here.
You two take the gold and continue as planned.
But!
No, let's leave things to them.
Let us meet again at the walls of Rubinheigen!
We'll all be rich then!
We wish you luck.
Distance yourself as much as possible.
It'll be troublesome if you're close.
You understand, don't you?
I won't forgive you if you lose.
I'd kiss you here if you were a good male.
That's right, take care of this.
If possible, I'd like to settle this peacefully, but
I don't know what will happen.
I'll be naked and cold when we meet again.
You'll be troubled, right?
Let us meet again.
We can't stop!
Nora!
Are you going to let their deaths be in vain?
Their deaths?
Forgive me.
Let us hurry to answer their courage.
Is that all you have to say?
You really are a youngster.
You bare your fangs right away.
Horo!
You're Lawrence?
Ah, yes.
So you're safe.
We heard about it from Liebert.
We were waiting outside the forest for you in case anything were to happen,
but you didn't come no matter how long we waited.
Is that so?
It began to rain harder, so I was trying to dry off my clothes.
So, Lawrence, where is your companion?
She's not here.
That's great to hear.
I won't tell you to not think badly of us.
Is the Remerio Company going to betray me?
It's insurance.
I felt heavy-hearted knowing that there was a woman.
So it's fortunate that she isn't here.
It may be an excuse, but we're hanging off a cliff too.
We must eliminate all the dangers we can.
Do you think I'll do what you tell me to?
Everyone will fall to greed with a large amount of gold before them.
It's common sense in the world of business, isn't it?
I will let you keep your companion's robe.
It would fill my heart with grief, so I cannot tell you that we may meet again.
When I think about what will happen after, I start to feel depressed.
Hey!
Isn't it the same with you?
But, that's the girl this man brought!
Don't tell me...!
Just look! If you had stayed still...
How about we tie up the girl and leave her here?
We can have the wolves take care of them.
Idiot!
She uses pagan magic!
She'd probably survive even if we tied both her hands and blindfolded her.
If that happens, we'll be the ruined ones.
But it's really depressing to have to take care of her.
Don't say it!
Sorry.
How are we going to finish him?
Should we stab him?
No, it's better if we kill less.
I agree.
Let's go, Liebert will yell at us if we don't hurry.
Your companion is probably dead.
Seven apples on the witch's tree
With seven seeds to plant inside of me
In spring time I grew a magic song
Then skipping along,
I sang the song to everyone
I look at the world through apple eyes
And cut myself a slice of sunshine pie
I danced with the peanuts for the flies
Till someone had told me
To say hello for every good-bye
Saw some sugar stars
I'll put them in a jar
And we'll wish around the world
Oh we'll wish around the world
I'm a little wolf inside a cart
You say,
And off I go from June to May
Oh we'll wish around the world
Let's wish around the world
Next, Wolf and New Journey.
Next, Wolf and New Journey.
