= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai yo kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we would go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
I am the representative for the Derrink Company,
Lutz Eringin.
I'm Craft Lawrence.
Wolf and Lonely Smile
I hear you are from the Rowen trading guild.
Yes.
We've been treated quite favorably due to the efforts of the Lord Goldens of your guild.
At my level I only know the name.
Don't be shy, you look quite splendid yourself.
And your companion also has a true air of nobility about her.
So I would like to announce the decision we came to after our discussion.
2000 Trenni silver coins.
The Boland representative suggested a price of 2500 Trenni silver,
but as I understand the purpose of this is the fur trading, correct?
That much may be excessive for individual trading.
To compensate, we won't charge a handling fee.
We'll pay the full 2000.
But, as we don't have such a quantity of Trenni silver on hand,
payment will be 60 Lumione gold coins.
How generous of you.
This is an investment.
You're a crafty person.
You've prepared a means by which to gain profit from the state of this city and its social condition.
I expect this will be your gateway to prominence.
We merely wish to share in your luck.
And you have good fortune.
It was nothing but good fortune that led you two to meet in this city.
Furthermore, you remain calm in the face of such a large deal.
I take this to mean you are accustomed to good fortune.
In our line of work, luck is important.
Without it you'd lose your footing in no time.
Based on that, we'll place our trust in you.
How kind of you.
How will the funds be transferred?
You're going to be buying furs from the Arkie Company, correct?
You really have a good eye for this.
Do teach me your methods sometime.
My voice is hoarse.
Talking is unpleasant.
What do you think?
Let's see...
I wouldn't be able to sleep with a sparkling pile of gold coins by my side.
When dealing with large amounts of money, people tend to get conceited.
They become demanding and put on a false composure.
Come now, it's amazing.
You manage to word it so as to sound modest, but you remain sharp.
Quite splendid.
So will it be satisfactory to receive the cash just before your purchase?
What do you think?
Let's do that, please.
Let us pray our dealings go well.
What an unpleasant man!
That's the first time I've dealt with a person like that.
It made me realize just how small of a merchant I am.
Do you really think that?
Yes.
As someone who fusses over a couple hundred silver coins, I feel he's in a different league.
Even so, you had some pretty sharp replies.
It's new for me to hear comebacks like yours.
Eringin was surprised.
Something like I can't take town merchants lightly.
I'm honored.
Are you sure you're not some noble son from a huge company?
There are nights I think I am.
I can't keep up with you.
So,
where did you meet your companion?
Was the question such a surprise?
I said I wouldn't pry, but it does interest me.
Well, I get asked a lot.
I wouldn't be shocked if you told me she was the daughter of fallen nobility.
She was apparently born in the north.
But she was living in a village that grows wheat south of here for a long time.
When I was visiting that village on business one time,
she snuck herself onto my cart.
She said she wanted to return to the north, so although it's had complications,
I've been guiding her back.
Sounds like the kind of meeting a cheap poet would write about.
Seriously.
Though those'complications' sound interesting.
I bet they're the type you couldn't even confess to a priest.
I couldn't discuss them because it's a priest.
Well, you have her wearing quality clothing,
so I expect it was a good meeting.
If I'd kept quiet, she'd have just bought them herself.
I see.
She does have a smart appearance to her,
and I expect she's nice under those clothes too.
Though I suggest you keep it down when you're in the inn.
You can buy meetings,
but you can't choose their quality.
Treasure your meeting.
The person who bought me was terrible.
Is that so?
In my country, the wool trade is huge.
He was into buying futures and poured in huge amounts of money,
Then the King changed policies and he went bankrupt in a flash.
And then, because he had more pride than a noble,
on the day his bankruptcy was decided,
he cut his own throat with a knife and died.
Well, at least it was a manly ending.
The wedding ceremony was really gaudy as well.
Gramps was crying on about how it would be one of the best in Boland family history.
Of course, to me it was more like a funeral.
But even so, there were some benefits.
One was that I no longer had to worry about food.
The other was I didn't have to bear children.
And also that nobody found out about the money I was slipping from his purse.
The house and all the assets were taken when he went bankrupt.
But there was plenty of money left to start a business.
My dream is to surpass his company's success.
To show that he was just lucky to be able to buy me,
that I'm not so cheap that someone like him could buy me.
I'm so childish, right?
Forget what I said.
Sometimes I just want someone to hear it.
I've still got a long way to go.
I was jealous of you two.
Really, please forget that.
We should only be concerned with making a profit.
Right?
Absolutely.
Once the outcome of the meeting has been publicly announced, we'll move right into negotiations.
Make sure to keep the old man informed of where you are.
Got it.
The deal should go well.
Of course.
That was seriously an annoying waste of time.
You were as meek as a kitten.
There was nothing I could do but sit quietly, right?
No, you really helped me.
Thanks.
You're not going to ask whether those ramblings were true or not?
I won't.
I understand why you made all the decisions yourself.
But that doesn't matter.
How about you rely on me a little more?
You're feeling the weight of selling me off, aren't you?
I'm not that sharp.
If you practice at anything, you can be.
Want to try practicing?
Relying on you?
As if I'd fall for that so easily.
What's with you?
I really have gotten used to you.
But your soft-heartedness will never change.
Well,
I won't be so reserved after this.
So, for a little longer...
That's true, isn't it.
There's no doubt.
So, a little longer...
People change with time.
Just a little while ago, if I were doing this, you'd freeze up.
Don't touch it so casually!
Fool.
When are you going to start panicking?
If you say what it is you're thinking,
I might start panicking.
Hey.
What?
I want you to start panicking.
I know.
Let's end our journey here.
Do you think I'm joking?
Of course!
It wasn't a joke.
I made a contract with you to bring you to your hometown!
We've already come pretty close, haven't we?
But, so suddenly...
Why?
That fox said so, right?
Treasure your meeting.
So profound for a human female.
I want to treasure our meeting.
That's why parting here is for the best.
I also want to treasure our meeting.
But there's no way I can accept that decision.
This journey has truly been fun.
Laughing, crying...
Even with me being as cunning as I am, yelling like a kid when we fight...
It's been a stunning experience for my body after being alone for such a long time.
I truly want this to continue forever.
Then...
It's not that I'm scared of the thought that I'll be at your deathbed.
I'm already used to that.
But you're such a soft-hearted person.
No matter what I do, you accept it.
That's why...
I'm scared.
Scared?
Scary.
What I'm afraid of is this.
You don't get it?
Bantering with you is fun.
So much that I want to eat you up.
But if you only eat tasty things, what'll happen?
If it's better tomorrow than it was today,
and better the day after than it is tomorrow, you'll expect it to become even better.
But what lies at the end of those ever-rising steps?
Before long, we won't be able to be satisfied,
our fun banter will become weather-worn,
and all that'll be left is faded memories.
That's why I'm scared.
Scared of having our fun times sped up,
because of your kindness.
Haven't you seen even one?
A tale that continues happily ever after?
There's no such thing.
You're on the verge of realizing your dream.
There's no more suitable time than now to end the tale, is there?
Perhaps.
Did you finish reading it?
Yes.
Well, it's mostly the same as what I remember.
Shall we go return it before I spill wine on it?
I guess.
You might also fall asleep reading and drool all over it.
I wouldn't do that.
But of course.
You don't snore either, right?
Would you like to hear what you say in your sleep?
Oh I already know.
Please, don't eat any more than this!
I'm properly earning my eating expenses!
You're just saying that in retrospect.
If we hadn't made a profit in Kumerson,
I would literally have been eaten out of house and home!
They say when you've tasted the poison, you might as well finish the plate.
When that happens, I'll eat you up as well.
So?
What do you want to eat after we go return the books?
I'll leave that till later to decide.
If anything happens, please let us know.
We're going to Rigolo's place for a bit.
That inn's going to become your shop, right?
Yeah.
Shouldn't you be happier?
It's a joyous occasion.
I suppose.
You're right.
Looks like some people are unhappy with the decision they came to in the Fifty-man meeting.
It's more accurate to say they're already making arrangements in the shadows.
And then you and that fox partnered up.
We're not partners.
It's merely a temporary agreement.
But it looks like that sleazy store owner is keeping an eye on her as well.
If you can just get the money, I'm sure it'll all go well.
That's true.
Everything's going favorably.
Yeah, it's almost scary.
Only because you've run into so many problems before.
My body's worth 2000 silver, you know.
Yeah.
What if you bought wine with all that?
I'd be able to buy an unbelievable amount of choice goods.
If it goes well, I'll give you as much as you'd like.
Then we'll, no...
I'll drink enough to puke before I get drunk.
Even if you drank yourself into that state,
you'd keep drinking without any hesitation.
Fool.
I'm terribly sorry.
Rigolo is out, unfortunately.
Is there something you want to read?
Hmm, let's see...
Please feel free to take a look.
Even though they're valuable, books are books.
It's better that someone read them.
Be sure not to be careless with the books.
I know!
It's always strange seeing green and white leaves in the middle of winter.
Is that so?
Rigolo said that if you put effort into it you can maintain it like this all year, didn't he?
Was that too arrogant?
Please excuse him.
Not at all.
I'll bring you something to drink.
Please don't mind me.
This is...
Is something the matter?
Ah, no.
The holy mother's face is made so well,
I thought I'd pour out my worries to her.
I see.
Is Rigolo in a meeting?
Yes, they called him out all of a sudden.
Oh no...
I wasn't supposed to say that.
Then I'll pretend I didn't hear it.
I'm sorry for prying.
I wanted to hear about this glass.
This glass was patiently constructed piece by piece over the course of three years.
Over three years...
Even when called for work, he'd gaze at his garden till the brink of the deadline.
Even if he'd rather be doing that,
scribing is an important job isn't it?
God also says that work is a precious thing.
Though,
his carefree wish to live in his garden watching over it every day...
might just be fine.
I catch myself thinking that.
Humble dreams are the hardest to make true.
That might be so.
And those times...
The times I thought that I'd like to watch him forever...
might be the times I find most fun.
Is something the matter?
Your words touched me.
You flatter me.
I think that being able to follow a humble dream forever is truly a blessing.
Find any good books?
What about you?
Well, I had bit of an enlightening talk here.
What might that be?
Who might you be?
It's me!
Is Lawrence in there?
Abe!
We're leaving!
Things have gone bad!
Gone bad?
It's a rebellion!
What did you say?!
Next episode: Wolf and Endless Tears
Wolf and Endless Tears
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei na bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetekuretara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
If you will embrace me
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
