= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
Hmm...
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai yo kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we would go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
Wolf and Lonely Smile
Lawrence!
Lawrence!
Wipe yourself off.
Ah, sorry.
I need to leave my scent on you.
I'm worried about you.
She asked me to take part in a large business scheme.
That fox?
To be precise, Abe.
That female merchant and the landlord here, Harold.
I haven't confirmed it's trustworthy yet, and of course haven't yet agreed to take part.
It's just...
Just?
The profits are..
Worth more than my temperament?
Yes.
It seems the Fifty-man meeting decided on allowing sale of furs to foreign merchants, with one condition.
What's your source?
The church.
Even though they turned on you?
We may have parted on unfriendly terms, but I still have contacts on the inside.
And what are the conditions?
They are not to accept anything but cash as payment for fur from foreign traders.
There's no one who would take large amounts of cash with them when traveling from afar.
Which means, if you can ready a large amount of cash, buy up the quality furs,
then sail down the Roam river and sell it off earlier than anyone else...
Let's see...
Even accounting for the customs tax,
you'd get back three times your cost.
You'd profit twice your investment?
But...
You didn't even know Rigolo existed.
I'm guessing you don't have any contacts here that could lend you money, right?
I could prepare a fair amount if I returned to another city.
We don't have the time to procure funds so leisurely.
The fur in this city will be bought up in no time.
But wasn't the purpose of the meeting to avoid furs being bought up?
On the face of it, yes.
But the fur trade in this city is about to go bust.
There are a lot of wealthy people around who want to buy up the stock.
That'll be their capital for getting out?
That's why I want to get as much money as I can to procure the maximum possible.
This is a fight between merchants.
A trade war.
A trade war?
Those on the offensive made their preparations long ago.
I'd expect that.
Which is why we must use your companion.
If we claim your companion is the daughter of nobility, we can sell her.
You don't think it's possible?
My name is Fruhl von Jieterzentel Boland.
I am the 11th head of the Boland household, which swears loyalty to the King of Winfiel.
A family with the true title of nobility.
Of course, we're fallen nobility who have trouble finding the next meal.
But the name is grand at least, right?
After falling so deeply into debt that we could hardly buy a crumb of bread,
I was bought by an upper-class merchant.
With my position, I have the means to sell a daughter with the family name.
What do you think?
Your companion would easily pass for nobility if we said so.
As nobility myself, I can assure you that.
Of course our goal isn't really to sell her.
I know a trading company who will lend us funds for a cut of the profit.
Selling a noble's daughter is just the means.
We need her as security on the loan in case worse comes to worst.
And that's where I give my assurance as family head.
We're not simply asking you to pawn your companion off.
I guess this is my last opportunity to leave on a pilgrimage.
I've had several chances in the past,
but I couldn't work up the determination.
Let me offer you this inn.
Isn't that... exactly what your dream is?
That's true.
So why are you hesitating?
I remember your dream was to own a store.
In which case, I have no right to object.
But to make you do that...
Fool.
Then why?
You didn't even like the idea of me trading in this town.
I may not show it, but it's tough for me to say this.
Honestly.
I'm most content wandering around with you.
In the end, the reason I advise you like I know the world's secrets is for my own sake.
So honestly, my heart aches.
You balance profit and danger on a scale and if it looks good, you go for it.
You'd accept the deal without even considering refusing.
And if it appears the person you're dealing with is trying to trick you,
you see past it and profit off it.
You used to charge forward, fearing nothing, right?
Where did that nerve go?
Why are you suddenly turning defensive?
I've been pretty selfish up till now.
It's about time you were a little selfish.
But no matter how you look at it, pawning you off is...
Are you telling me that's why you were sweating in your sleep?
Will you get mad?
I'll get mad that you thought I would.
You really don't get it?
No.
Geez, people like you...
Aren't I your partner?
Or am I just a little girl you're fond of?
I sacrificed myself for you once.
But that was in thanks for your kindness.
This time around it's not out of gratitude.
Horo...
So, is there anything else you're worried about?
Of course, I'm wary that this is a trap.
If the person you're dealing with is plotting something, just plan for that.
The bigger the plot...
I'm surprised you remember what I said.
I'm the sage wolf Horo.
It wouldn't do for my partner to be a boring merchant.
Well then.
Right!
Breakfast, then?
It looks more like a safe than a church.
May the Lord bless you.
What, you're not a charity.
Sorry I'm not with the church.
There's something I'd like to ask you.
Ask away.
It's about the church...
A long time ago guys like you were everywhere.
You want to know about their influence right?
I'm glad we understand each other.
This is the biggest church in these parts.
From good bread to beans, they'll pass anything around.
It's just...
Just?
The bishop here doesn't just pass food around, he passes money around too.
How would you know that?
Of course I'd know.
I often see pretty carriages here all lined up.
Lots of pompous-looking people from the city come here.
And it's obvious what their dinner was from the garbage they throw out.
What do you think?
If you used that right, couldn't you return to your original livelihood?
The Lord says, Blessed are the poor.
Could your type truly rejoice over a gift of brown bread and two bronze coins?
I can.
I don't know what you're planning.
But I expect if you try to get on their good side, you'll just end up having your assets stolen from you.
As far as I know, there's only one person who managed to deal with them for a long period of time.
And just recently even he was screaming himself hoarse.
A guy trading stone statues?
Stone statues?
Oh yeah, he was dealing in that kind of stuff.
What, someone you know?
Well, kind of.
I assumed he dealt in salt.
Salt?
Why salt?
Sometimes salt spills from the load he takes to the church.
I know the quality of salt by its smell.
It wasn't especially good.
The farther from the sea you go, the more valuable salt becomes.
That Abe...
A salt merchant?
You're visiting quite early again.
How many merchants do you think have quietly come to visit like this?
Judging by your beauty, I'd say quite a number.
I wonder just how many impolite people have thrust bronze coins at me.
I'm afraid I also came to ask something impolite.
I know that.
So, what do you want to ask?
About the Fifty-man meeting.
They seem to have reached a conclusion.
I heard they decided it was okay to sell furs.
Though it seems paying by credit isn't allowed.
They are not to accept anything but cash.
Just like she said, huh.
Oh, nothing.
I'd also like to ask about the church in this town.
Um...
I won't say anything bad,
but it's best you don't get involved with the church.
So there really is a power struggle going on.
I don't understand the specifics,
but it seems they're inviting important people from all around.
I had to work two full days and nights because they invited some high ranking member of the church.
They're steadily hardening their foundations.
So they're very edgy about their reputation.
They're being very charitable.
And if you start wondering where the money came from and talk about it,
there's no knowing what will happen to you.
Once the church has their eye on you, you won't be able to stay in the city for long.
That's what the populace has decided.
Is it alright to be telling me this?
It's special for me just to be talking to you like this.
May I ask why, out of curiosity?
If I were to put my finger on it...
I'd say it's because you smell of another woman, I guess.
Girls with a bit of confidence start wanting to flirt with you.
Didn't anyone ever tell you?
For better or for worse, you happen to be the first.
Then that means one thing.
You only recently met the girl you're with now, right?
You seem to be a very kind person.
While you were wandering around alone, I don't suppose anyone took much notice of you.
But when they see you have a girl beside you,
other girls start to get interested.
If a sheep was just standing there, it would probably be tedious to hunt it.
But if there were a wolf beside it, you'd think what's so good about that prey? and want to have it.
Which is why I'd like to invite your companion here just once.
I graciously accept your invitation.
That calm face of yours frustrates me.
So you've told me everything like it happened?
I didn't hide anything.
It appears I need to teach this girl a lesson about territory.
But you've really come to know how things work.
To train a horse to move without restraints, it's best to have a driver at the reins.
So?
What do you think?
The church is undoubtedly aiming to establish a cathedra in this city.
TL note: A cathedra is a bishop's throne.
A cathedra?
It's a vital part of the church body.
If they have one, the bishop goes from one who is given ranks to one who assigns others ranks.
He is granted many privileges and can manipulate power as he likes.
I can understand why that fox would want to leave a city where such a person holds power.
What I don't understand is the reason they ended relations.
If it were me, I'd put up with it.
The church has power that makes it worth the persistence.
What do you think?
It almost sounds like you want my opinion.
You mean...
When there's a huge deal in front of me,
anything is fine, I just want to hear someone's voice.
Would you change your mind if I begged you to in tears?
Even if I refused,
you'd be waiting at the inn for me.
I'd make the deal work out and come back.
That's all there is to it.
You'll have grown up when you can say that without blushing.
I'll work on it.
You're really lively today.
Males really are best when chasing down their prey.
But...
You pass.
However...
If the deal falls through, what happens to me?
Since you'll be pawned off,
if we can't repay the money, you'll be sold off somewhere.
Is that why you were so worried you were groaning in your sleep?
That's part of it.
If that happens, I hope my next partner will be a little smarter.
True.
Idiots who can't return money they borrowed deserve to have sand kicked in their faces.
Well said for a kid who clutched at me begging when I tried to leave.
I'm helping you because I believe in you.
Of course.
Alright, we should head out.
Don't you think you're letting your nervousness show too much?
If I have to put on a show even inside the inn,
when am I allowed to let my guard down?
When we first met,
no, even until recently,
no matter where we were, you were always putting on a show in front of me.
It was my first time traveling with a woman after all.
And I am getting used to it.
When we'd just met, you'd get all edgy just from taking me around.
If I were to hang around with other women now, would your tail also get edgy?
Males slowly peel back their layers like this,
until in the end all you can say is how it wasn't supposed to turn out this way.
But when you get close to someone, it turns out like that no matter who it is, right?
That's like giving bait to a fish you've already caught,
but would you do that?
I'd say you got onboard on your own, rather than being a'caught fish', so that doesn't work.
Rather than giving you bait,
I should be charging a boarding fee!
What is it?
In short, don't forget your original feelings.
Come on. We're going, right?
Ah, right.
Of course, it's because we've been journeying together that I can hold your hand like this.
But you know...
Bards always sing I want it to be like when we first met right?
You may be okay with it,
but if things stayed like they were when we first met, I'd get too anxious and collapse.
What are you talking about?
I'll be taking care of you when you breathe your last, so don't worry.
So, what's your decision after investigating around town?
My instincts as a merchant tell me that what you say is true.
Oh?
However,
there is one thing that concerns me.
And what's that?
The reason you fought with the church and parted ways.
Well, I suppose that's reasonable.
The bishop here is a man who likes power.
He wants to establish a cathedra in this town,
so ultimately, he's aiming to be archbishop.
Archbishop?
Right.
When I was searching for interesting business, I learned of his backroom money dealings.
At that time he was dealing in fur using donation money and a trading company he'd brought up since early days.
But being an amateur, he was always in the red.
So I gave him a two birds, one stone proposition.
Dealing in stone statues.
Right.
But it wasn't just selling stone statues.
I am Winfiel nobility, after all.
I know the archbishop who makes all the big political decisions.
In return for introducing a good craftsman to you, you offered your connections with the archbishop.
And you got to sell the processed statues to the city's church.
The profit wasn't large, but I gambled on the bishop here becoming archbishop.
But when his foundations firmed up, he started getting rid of possible hindrances.
Even I was cut off, using the recent events as an excuse.
Predicting that keeping you by his side, he'd end up dealing with your troublesome demands.
He was right of course, that was my intention.
But rather than waiting for an individual trader to grow,
he decided it'd be easier to work with an already large trading company.
I understand his reasoning, but I can't accept it.
I see.
In which case, it would be hard to turn your stock of statues into money.
And you can't just wait around for next year's Northern Expedition either.
Understood.
Let's arrange a meeting to discuss the details then.
Pleasure doing business.
That fox's hands were shaking, weren't they.
She must have been nervous, I guess.
I hope that's all it was.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Let's go.
At the very least you'll fetch 1500 silver coins.
Next episode: Wolf and Parting Determination
Wolf and Parting Determination
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei na bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetekuretara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
If you will embrace me
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
