= LOGO START =
= LOGO END =
= OP START =
= MAIN START =
You should be happy you can even get paid.
< B Part 10:03 >
= MAIN END =
= ED START =
neiki yori sotto yoake ga kuru
kimi no yume wa ima mori wo kakeru
mezamete akari wo sagasu shigusa
nakushita nara mitsuketeageyou
kimi to boku no mirai ni kakureteiru
saa koko he te wo tsunaidara
hodokenai yo kimi to tooku he
haruka na hi no kioku ni saita
aoi kuni no miru story
kagayaku hitomi
sono utagoe
tsutaeyou
Dawn comes softer than a sleeping breath
Your dream runs through the forest now
You wake up and stir to find the light
If you've lost it, I'll find it for you
It's hidden in our future
Now if we joined hands
we would go far away without letting go
In the memory of a far off day
the story of the blue country bloomed
Shining eyes
Your singing voice
Let's share it
Wolf and Enticing Traveler
This is amazing!
I could watch this all day!
We ended up doing this after all, huh.
Though from here, it doesn't look like the city's having any particular problems.
Even when wolf packs are having a violent war over territory,
the forest looks as calm as it always does from a distance.
Even you can't tell with your eyes or ears from afar?
See them over there?
The tax on the goods they're shipping is ridiculously high,
and they're saying they don't want to hand over the goods at the original price.
Something or other about the price per head.
A hostage tax, huh?
Good cargo might as well be hostage to the owner of the river.
The town is in heavy dispute because of the Northern expedition being canceled.
You should be happy you can even get paid.
The cancellation of the Northern expedition is having effects even here, huh.
If you want, you can bet on the meeting outcome with your furs.
There are at least four other groups of people having similar discussions.
Taxes too high.
Northern expedition.
How imports are trending in the city.
Ah.
The wine you just ordered isn't for me,
but for yourself, isn't it?
I'm getting drunk on wine, but something else is making you drunk.
You need money to drink wine,
but thinking of ways to make profit is free.
But we haven't just been idly chatting.
One or two mugs for the possibility of me lending you help in earnest is a cheap price.
It is as you say.
Well, you really do look like you're having fun when you talk about business.
I'll take that face as an appetizer.
Impossible!
Someone like me, in this state after wine of that grade?
Well, you're probably tired from the journey too.
Rest for a while.
Don't worry.
I'm too expensive.
No one will want to buy me.
That's not what I mean.
Rest well, princess.
Are you open?
I just finished patching up the hole.
Look!
I want to look till I bore another hole through it.
Really?
Whenever a hole appears in my apron, everyone stops looking at my face and just stares at the apron.
Everyone's just being careful.
They're afraid if they look at your beautiful face too much, they'll bore a third hole into your nose.
That's too bad.
If I had three, it'd be easier to tell apart customers that smell bad.
How am I, then?
Traveling customers really do catch onto jokes differently.
So, will it be a drink?
Or food?
Could I get two of the tail dishes packaged up for me?
Right now the chef's preparing food for the dock workers...
Don't worry about it.
I'm not in a hurry.
In that case,
how about having a drink while you're waiting?
Sounds good.
Traveling merchants who come to a bar at this time of day have one objective in mind, right?
Before that, let me pay...
I just noticed in passing,
but there's a lot of merchants hanging around the city entrance, aren't there?
Ah,
the ones selling furs and fur-related merchandise.
Furs?
The furs, I guess.
Half of them are merchants who've come here from faraway countries hoping to sell it.
The other half are selling tools and wares needed to process the fur into other goods.
And you probably want to know why they're all hanging around there, right?
Right now, the higher ups of the town are deciding whether or not to allow fur to be sold.
This Fifty-man meeting thing?
Right, that.
While that's going on, fur trade is prohibited.
That being the case, all the craftsmen aren't sure whether to buy the goods needed to process fur or not.
What's the reason they're deliberating over its sale in the first place?
I heard it's because the Northern expedition was canceled.
The people who'd buy up fur in bulk are all gone...
That's right.
Usually I'd have a lot more customers here.
Couldn't they just sell their fur to the merchants at the city gates?
They're all pretty stingy.
Knights and mercenaries on the other hand are quite generous.
Sometimes I even receive fancy clothes like the noblewomen wear as gifts.
Of course, they're very expensive.
But the cost of furs before they're made into clothes is ridiculously cheap.
If they aren't sold and made into clothes, the city's income will drop quite a bit.
You got it!
But any barmaid in town can tell you that.
Pretend you didn't hear what I'm about to tell you.
Of course.
I think that in all likelihood, they'll prevent the merchants outside from purchasing the fur.
Even though they know it'll anger the craftsmen and the fur handlers.
What's your source for this?
Who knows?
Patrons will always leave a good bar drunk.
I'd be nice if you were the same.
The drink will be hitting me pretty soon.
The tail dish is done!
Okay!
By the way,
do you have a wife?
She hasn't gotten a hold of my purse yet,
but she has a firm hold over my reins.
She must be a good person.
That's too bad.
Those contain furs, huh.
Those do too.
And those.
And those.
At any rate,
the amount of money involved here must be huge.
You're not allowed.
You can't sell my tail.
I'm not a hunter.
Your face says you're ready to sell anything that can be sold.
That's not true.
For instance, I wouldn't try to sell a strawberry growing on the side of the road.
I buy goods from one person and sell to another.
That is an unbreakable principle.
So, what gossip have you heard about this time?
This time it's another exceptionally interesting story.
Oh right.
Want to play a game?
A game?
If you can figure out what kind of animal and what part of it this is using just your nose,
I'll let you have anything you like for dinner.
Oh really.
Do you remember those merchants who were hanging around the town entrance?
There has to be a reason for that.
They wouldn't be waiting around like that if there weren't.
Most likely, they think that at the end of the meeting,
foreign trade will continue to be barred.
You're not thinking of opening the package, are you?
Of course not.
Figure it out?
Wait.
Back to the subject,
there's no mistake some major political power is pulling strings in the background.
Some western merchant organization known for clothing materials?
A big company trying to attain a monopoly in the fur business?
At any rate...
Lawrence.
Figure it out?
I think guessing wouldn't go well under your conditions.
You're supposed to say that before you start.
Well that's true, but...
So? Your answer?
I don't know the name,
but it's the tail of a rodent with a big, flat tail.
That's why I said it wouldn't go well.
You knew?
When we came to this town,
I had an uneasy feeling because I couldn't place this smell.
But not anymore.
My memories of it came back.
The game was really whether I could stop myself from crying from the nostalgia.
Did you do it on purpose?
Do you think I'd take advantage of someone's goodwill?
You're always taking advantage of people.
I will never forget this scent either.
Me neither.
It smells fishy coming from you.
Sorry.
Are you that troubled?
With the money from Kumerson, you could easily set up a shop.
Yes, that's true, but...
I have no right to stop you.
If you're not worried, why not relax a bit?
I want to.
You're right.
That's also true.
Roads to the north?
Yes.
There was little snow this year.
It shouldn't be too difficult.
I'm heading towards Niohira.
You're purposely going to the heathen lands?
But I guess that's what a merchant does.
Go anywhere to fill their bag of money.
But when we die in the end, we throw away that bag.
Then why do you labor for it?
To obtain it, just to throw it away?
You don't ask the same question when you clean your home.
Very well.
Will you be leaving soon?
No.
I think I'll stay until the Fifty-man meeting ends.
If you left now, you'd probably make it halfway there on your horse before that.
Though it'd be better if you rode a long-haired breed instead.
There's one in the stable, isn't there?
Its owner is a man from the north.
He should know the road conditions well.
His name?
Name?
He's long stayed here, but I've never asked his name.
Though I remember him growing fatter with the years.
I see.
These things happen as well.
I'll mention you if I see him.
Thank you.
But if you stay for the Fifty-man meeting, you might regret it.
Will it go on that long?
There are many trends in a man's life.
So in a town where many lives gather, there must be trends.
I think it's a trend of man to fight fate.
If I commit a sin, I will repent like a man.
Hard to object to that.
This is your third night here?
What's your name?
Craft Lawrence.
Harold Ekrund.
When I was younger, I would burn out the night talking.
But these days I enjoy my quiet nights.
That's most important.
For me it was the fifth night.
You would talk to him sooner than you would me, Harold?
My first talk with you was on your fifth night, huh?
But it's rare for you to talk.
You.
Yes?
Shall we have a chat?
You have some business with Rigolo, right?
Yes.
I'm taking this.
Good night.
What a waste to warm this wine.
You seem to be wary of me.
Can I ask why?
Because female merchants are rare.
If one were to talk to me, I'd be more cautious than usual.
These few years, no one's ever seen through me.
This morning, we passed each other outside the inn.
My companion's animal-like instincts picked up on it.
I can't fool a woman's intuition.
Though I can't say so myself.
I feel the same way every d-
My name is Fruhl Boland.
But I can't let my name restrict me.
For business, it's Abe Boland.
I'm Craft Lawrence.
Craft? Lawrence?
In business, it's Lawrence.
I'm Abe.
I don't like the Boland much.
Also,
I know how my face looks to a man when I use make up and put up my hair.
And I don't like the praise.
I see.
If I could hide it, I would hide it,
but I'm not as modest as I might seem.
I'm a talker, if I say so myself.
I'll brag about how I'm actually quite sociable.
Your sociability is gradually making an impression on me.
But,
we haven't exchanged anything but short greetings.
I can't see why you've taken to me.
One reason is that old man Harold's taken to you.
That geezer's got good eyes for people.
Though he's reserved and unsociable.
And his favorite phrase is,
Next year I'll go on a pilgrimage.
What about your companion?
My companion?
Yes, your companion.
She's a woman.
You don't see many merchants with female companions.
Well, there's quite a bit about my companion.
Of course, I don't mean to pry.
You two look like you've traveled quite a bit, and you don't seem to be bound by money.
So I thought that I could talk to you.
Well, that's how it was,
but to come out of the blue with How about we make some small talk?
It's not like I could just say that.
So I used Rigolo's name,
but it wasn't just a way to pull you out here.
You want to meet Rigolo, right?
Yes.
May I inquire as to your reasons?
I've heard that Rigolo is this town's chronicler.
I want to see records of old stories of this town.
That's quite a strange reason.
I thought for sure you wanted to talk about furs.
Of course, I am a merchant.
It wouldn't hurt to have some information about that too.
But it's dangerous,
and my companion doesn't wish for that.
He does have a mountain of books passed down through the generations in his study,
and it does seem like his dream is to pass his days reading them.
He wants to retire from being the scribe at the Fifty-man Meeting.
Really?
There's no end to the people who want to get close to him.
If you went to see him now, he'd probably just glare at you and turn you away.
I'm trading with the Church in this town.
I have quite a relation with them.
And usually Rigolo writes things for the Church.
Because of that connection, we've known each other for a long time.
Merchant Lawrence.
I don't know if you're a great man or whatever,
but you do seem a bit different from the rabble around us.
It's very kind of you to praise me,
but can you wait a little longer before we shake hands?
You're not the kind to have sweaty palms.
You've been wearing that unreadable mask for some time now.
Then instead of asking about what you trade, can I ask something else?
Go ahead.
What would it cost to introduce me to him?
I don't need money or anything.
But...
How about you chat with me?
What, I'm not lying.
You may think it strange,
but to me, having someone to talk to without needing to hide my gender,
especially another merchant, is worth more than Lima gold coins.
Then it's worth less than Lumione silver.
I'm a merchant.
Either way, money is most valuable.
But,
I don't know what kind of person your companion is.
If I could, I'd like to talk to her,
but when someone gives you the cold shoulder, wine tastes bad.
I don't think she would.
You sure?
There's nothing you can understand less than a woman's heart.
And I don't understand woman talk anyway.
Well, I am here to do business.
If it works out, I'd like someone to talk with.
I may not look it, but I'm
A talker and a sociable person.
Yes, that's right.
As long as my companion doesn't get envious.
That's a difficult condition.
Next episode: Wolf and Careless Negotiations
Wolf and Careless Negotiations
soshite koi suru bokutachi wa
ai no temae de surechigau
tsutaetai noni damarikomu
sakamichi wo sora he noboreba
wakareyuku suisei no mizuumi
mikansei na bokutachi dakara
kizutsukezu ni irarenai
dakishimetekuretara
fureaeru ki ga suru
dakishimeaetara
ai suru hito ha kitto soba ni iru
taisetsu na mono wa itsumo soba ni aru
The two of us who fell for each other
missed each other just before love
I want to tell you but I keep quiet
Take me, take me
to the perfect world
If you climb the hill towards the sky
there flows the comet river
Because we're incomplete
we can't avoid hurting each other
If you will embrace me
I feel like we'll touch
If you can embrace me
Your beloved will surely be by your side
Those important to you will always be by your side
OD
