Deal with it.
Find him, and bring him here.
And the item?
It's safe.
However, your wife and daughter are aboard.
What's the Rail Tracer?
The people, you see... they all disappear...
And the very existence of that train just vanishes...
All right, all right!
Miss, it's not healthy for you to get too much sea breeze.
Thank you, Benjamin- san, but...
Okay, take it up!
I want to wait here a little longer... just a little longer.
Miss...
Big Brother Dallas...
My name is Nicholas, and I run the English edition desk here.
My, my, you gentlemen are from the Runorata Family,
under Mr. Gustavo, are you not?
How did you know?
Because I am an employee of the Daily Days newspaper.
As information brokers, there isn't a single thing that we do not know.
Then we'll move this along. Do you know a punk named Dallas Genoard?
Yes, Dallas Genoard is the second son of the renowned Genoard family,
a notorious juvenile delinquent, who is currently missing.
Tell us where he is, no matter how trivial the details are.
500 dollars.
What?
That information will cost 500 dollars, cash.
Further, you will trade me one piece of information about yourselves.
Information?
I would like you to tell me
why the Runorata Family is after Dallas Genoard.
What will you do if we tell you?
What good is an information broker that has no information?
If we tell you, and someone comes in to buy that information...
We'd sell it to them, of course. That is our business, after all.
Why, you! You think we're just going to stand here and let you-
Excuse us.
With the nature of our business, things can get rough.
Now then, what is your purpose in looking for Dallas Genoard?
Why, you!
You got a problem, kid?
Look here. I am in the care of the Runorata Family.
A punk-ass like you can't afford to go against-
Runorata?!
Where do you get off talking so big?
You guys are like employees to us!
Ingratiate yourselves to my pop and brother, will you?!
Exploit my family, will you?!
We're the reason you guys can even get by, you know!
Enough, already.
You're going to kill him.
Who are you?!
Go on. This here is Gandor turf.
Best not to announce the name Runorata around here too much.
I don't care if you're Gandor or anyone else, nobody asked you!
Let's go.
Who were those guys?
No one I know.
Well, well, well,
it's almost time for our show to start!
It's almost time for their lives to end!
How delightful, how fun!
I'm so excited, I won't be able to sleep tonight!
If you enjoy it that much, you should have gone by yourself.
But there's nothing I could have done.
I lost the draw, after all.
Lua, I'm so frustrated!
My dream is to kill everyone in the whole world who wants to live more than you do,
and then finally, spend the rest of your life, killing you slowly to death.
You could kill me right here and now for me, Ladd.
What are you talking about?! No, no, no!
The world is still overflowing with many,
many people that I still have to kill, you know!
Killing you won't be for a long, long, long time to come.
Ladd...
So until then, you stick with me, and don't die.
Got it?
Vicky is completely wound up.
Aw, damn.
I envy that Vicky. I really, really do.
No, no! There is no god in this world anymore!
Vicky no doubt must have gone and killed him earlier!
Then, why don't you go see for yourself?
That's it!
You're right. I can go see, can't I?
I'm such an idiot.
There's no need for me to wait in here.
And here I was, thinking I had to stay here, behaving myself.
Be right back.
Watch it, you little brat-
S-Sorry! Excuse me.
The train is in trouble!
T-That's why I have to get to the conductor's compartment!
Anyhow, I'm sorry!
Wasn't that...
I'm sure of it.
This is starting to get interesting.
Lua, would you go with him,
and see what's happening in the conductor's compartment for me?
And, if there's a kid with a tattoo on his face there,
snatch him up, will you?
There's something very interesting happening on this train.
I wonder what the trouble is that that tattooed kid was talking about.
This is bad. If I don't cut loose soon, I'm gonna bust.
Hey, stop that! Your hand is gonna burn up!
No problem!
See?
Oh, that's amazing, Randy.
It'll be just the thing to entertain with at the party tonight.
I'm sure Firo will be delighted, too.
Hey... Pecho, what are you doing?
I'm doing it, too.
Hey, wait! Your gloves are...
Hey! It's not going out!
It's gotta be done with leather!
Now calm down! Take your glove off, right now!
It's hot! It's hot!
You okay?
I thought I was gonna die!
I'm not about to let myself get burned up over you.
I'm so embarrassed...
Quates- sama! It's finally perfected!
Damn! Why now, of all times?!
Miss, here it is. The information broker where my kid friend is.
Oh, but this is a newspaper, isn't it?
Hmm, we may be able to place a degree of faith in this place.
You ask'em'bout Master Dallas, or anythin' else, and they'll know it.
Thanks for coming in!
Amazing!
Isn't this amazing, Maiza- san?
The Martillo Family capos have been choosing their hats here for generations.
I bought mine here, too.
A capo, huh? It still doesn't feel like it.
You'll start feeling like it once you've become one.
Are you sure it's okay for me to do this?
It's okay because it is you, Firo.
I like this one, Maiza- san.
It's perfect for me.
Maiza- san, you're a day too early, aren't you?
The ceremony has already begun, Firo.
Oops, excuse me.
Hey, watch yourself, will you?
Watch yourself, will you?
Maiza- san, over there.
I'm going to go have a little look.
Firo, don't be a rubbernecker!
I'm just concerned!
Are you all right?
Y-Yeah.
I'm terribly sorry about that.
I'm looking for someone, so...
Hey, you!
Wait up!
Whoa.
What's the matter, Jacuzzi? What's the rush?
Oh, it's terrible! This train just might vanish!
So I have to get to the conductor!
Oh, just who I was looking for.
Nice...
Boss...
Where's Jacuzzi?
He just came by, saying he was going to see the conductor.
Donny, please come with me.
We're going to check on the freight hold while we bring Jacuzzi back.
Nick, you take the dining car, if you please.
What, Boss Nice?
What am I supposed to do with the dining car?
Nick, you take the dining car, if you please.
Huh... So, does she mean this...
Nick, while we're taking care of the job,
please keep watch over the folks in the dining car.
Hmm... So in other words, does she mean this...
While we're doing the robbery,
we can't have anyone finding out about it, causing a scene, and stopping the train.
Which is why, Nick, keep the people in the dining car quiet.
You got it, Boss!
Gentlemen,
we now commence the rescue of Master Huey.
Samantha!
Elean!
It's been so long! It's been so long, indeed!
Dallas Genoard...
You know my brother?
Who do you think I am? Where do you think you are?
The Genoard family's son, who went missing a year ago.
The greatest juvenile delinquent of our time, Dallas Genoard.
Suck-up to the mighty, bully to the weak,
detested by everyone, the lowest scumbag around!
My brother was nice to me.
Sorry, my bad. It just slipped out.
Sorry, please forgive me.
I'm sure we'll find your older brother.
We'll find him safe and sound, so don't you worry, okay?
You're late! You are late!
Our guests are waiting! They've been waiting too long!
Thanks.
Give me a moment, I'm just going to skim over this.
Well? Where is my brother? Where is Big Brother Dallas?
Please, tell me!
Y-Yeah, sure thing...
Uh, I'm terribly sorry, but we don't know anything.
Even with our firm's information networks,
we don't have the faintest idea where your brother is.
It's a complete mystery to us. I really am terribly sorry.
What's the deal, Gramps? Is that box that important to you?
Here, let me see it.
Whoa...
Can't be too careful with this one.
You're a determined geezer, huh?
What are you looking at, kid?
Nothing. Just sizing you up to see, if you're going to rob him,
whether you've got the skills and resolve to do so.
Never you mind, kid. You head on home now, and suck on your mama's tit.
From where this kid sees it,
what you guys are doing is nothing but kid's play, too.
Why, you dirty little brat.
Sounds like you want to get yourself hurt pretty bad.
I'm not a dirty little brat, my name is Firo.
I also happen to be one of the Martillo Family's young lads.
So what if you are?!
You little punk!
Hey, now, you're pulling a weapon, in a fight like this?
Shut up!
Are you okay, old man?
Is whatever that is really that important?
B-Back off!
This has nothing to do with your kind!
If money is what you're after, I'll give it to you, so just get lost, now!
You owe your life to me.
Well, it's okay.
Listen, old man, there is one thing I'd like to ask you.
Did you see a girl wearing a thin, black suit around here?
N-No, I haven't.
I see.
You'd better hurry on out of here, while they're still out of it.
Bye, now.
Firo...
I'm not even hungry anymore, Miria.
There's always room for dessert, right?
Bang!
Okay, shall we get started?
Right, let's do it!
All of you, get down on the floor!
Get your hands up, everyone!
Hey, hey, hey, nobody move!
W-What do we do?
Miria...
What, Isaac?
Get down on the floor, put our hands up, and what else?
Nobody move!
Oh, right.
Um... Sorry for all the commotion.
You...
Barnes- san...
It's here... I'm too late!
It's already overtaken us!
The Rail Tracer...
Looking up at the starry sky that goes on forever, we sing
a melody of a dream we have of our limited eternity
The water of adoration, overflowing in our hearts
will reach someone in the distant future
I believe so
Running through time prolonged,
our voices calling out will someday become a great song
We can go on spinning our love
though it may still be such a tiny light now
Hey, Isaac, what's satsuriku?
The rikupart is the riku from tairiku.
A land mass, right?
The satsupart is like osatsu.
Money, right?
In other words, it's a land that's made of money!
Sounds like fun!
It really does sound like fun, huh?
