Why now, of all times?!
Where is my brother? Where is Big Brother Dallas?
We don't know anything.
All of you, get down on the floor!
Get your hands up, everyone!
Nobody move!
W-What do we do?
Sorry for all the commotion.
They're shooting, huh? They're going at it, huh?
Machine guns? That makes it...
What was that all about, Boss?!
Nobody said anything about that!
There's trouble. Trouble, trouble.
Trouble... trouble, trouble...
Trouble... What is it? What's going on in the dining car?!
Are they killing? Are they getting killed? Really, which is it?
Hey, this is getting me excited! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
What is this?!
Having our take stolen is one thing,
but you think you can fool me with this ridiculous story?!
But it's the truth!
It was a pair of robbers, wearing Babe Ruth and Ty Cobb uniforms.
Wham!
Impossible!
The thing is, we interrogated the bag man who was careless,
and he doesn't appear to be lying.
Ha. And to top things off, Sidaris screwed up, too?!
Yes...
It was on the outskirts of the factory district... and...
what was left of him barely even looked human...
From the likes of a delinquent like this?!
That bunch is quite formidable. Elsewhere, they've been spotted-
Enough! This small-timer is making too much trouble!
We'll start with those crazy robbers!
We're gonna put the squeeze on every couple there is in the city!
Hold on, Uncle. If you do that,
people are going to think you're an unpopular old man with a complex.
Hmph, Ladd! I don't have time to mess around with you right now.
Now scram!
Oh? What a cold thing to say to me, Uncle.
You've had some money, which you hold almost as dear as your life, taken from you, right?
And here, I'm bringing you some good news.
I don't want to hear any of your good news.
So you might say, uncle, but what you're planning to do
is turn over every stone looking for the culprits,
squeeze them by their necks, and squeeze, and squeeze,
and squeeze, and squeeze,
and even when they start to foam, you squeeze, and squeeze,
and when their eyes are about to pop out, you keep squeezing...
Then, finally...
there, farewell.
That it?
Ladd, you homicidal maniac...
You sure do say the unkindest things,
to me, the greatest assassin the Russo Family ever had.
That's because you've got no other use besides being a killer!
Have you ever considered that I'm the only one you can count on,
Uncle?
Now, listen. There's a special express
- the Flying Pussyfoot, was it- that leaves Chicago Union this evening.
It's a nonstop that goes directly to New York.
I was just thinking of hijacking it,
and running it right into the middle of Manhattan.
But that's just a bluff. I'll just threaten that at first.
Then, if they don't pay me any money,
I'll just switch it to a passenger kidnapping.
Oh, but then, if I kill half of the passengers,
I think that the railroad company will pay me money.
I get to kill people, and we get some money.
Good idea, isn't it, Uncle?
Get out!
Hey, somebody throw him out of here!
Okay, okay.
Who are you?!
They're my men. Friends, who share the same tastes.
Oh, by the way, this woman is Lua.
She's my lover, my girlfriend, and my fiancee, so your regards, Uncle.
U-Um, hi there.
She's kind of a timid thing.
Although, that's just what I need to soothe my excitability.
Silence, you filthy brat!
Now look, go ahead and kidnap, kill, and do whatever else you want,
but I will not allow you to bring our name into it!
You're gonna act like nobody anyone knows, kill whoever, and die-
All right, already!
Killing ends up being more fun when I do it for my own pleasure.
Ladd...
You know, Uncle,
there's a certain type of folk that I especially like to kill.
It doesn't have to do with whether they're weak or strong.
The ones that I kill... the ones that I enjoy killing...
are the ones who are most off-guard. You get me?
The folks who think they are in an absolutely safe location,
never even thinking that they might die in the next instant.
Those types of folks. In other words,
the type of person that you are now, Uncle.
Please, don't do it!
There's no way I'd kill you, you know. It's not even loaded.
Uncle, you've been looking out for me all this time.
Even a homicidal maniac like me has that much sense of gratitude.
Am I right?
Get lost.
I think I will. It's just about time for me to get changed.
Why are you wearing such festive outfits?
We're about to kill dozens of people inside a crowded train.
Wearing white
will make the blood spatter stand out, and look cool.
Hold on, just a minute! As you can see, I am unarmed.
You... who are you?
We may be strangers, but we are not your enemy.
Answer me!
I told you, I am not your enemy!
Whoa!
Damn it...
Now then, this is starting to get interesting.
It's starting to get there...
Don't think you can make enemies of us and live through it!
Most of the Mafia folks and the like that I've killed
said something along those lines before they died, too.
Aw, too bad.
No problem, no problem!
You're a lot weaker than Pete Herman!
You're like Jack Johnson, or Jack Dempsey!
You've got no punch, and no technique!
Do you know the names of boxers?
You know them, right?
If you're an American citizen, of course you know them.
If you tell me you don't know them... you're gonna pay!
You better believe you're gonna pay!
But then, you're gonna pay... even if you... do... know... them!
Oh, you're still conscious? I guess I don't have any punch.
Hey, what are you doing to me here?
You think a dimwit... like you can... stand in the way... of Master Huey?
I'm not interested in any Huey, or whoever you guys really are.
All I know for sure is that all of you are enemies,
that you're all packing weapons,
and most of all,
you think this
With all the incredible weapons we've got on this crowded train,
there's nobody who can oppose us! We are mighty! We are safe!
It's so much fun! It's so much fun, killing folks like that!
Pulling their guts out! Squeezing on them, like they were sausages!
Ladd, what the hell is this?
We hear what sounds like a machine gun, so we come and find this.
Tell us what's going on, Ladd.
You're Senator Beriam's wife, right?
The order has been switched around.
Once we've disposed of all of the black suits, you'll be next.
Nice meeting you.
Let's go, you guys.
Let's go? What about these guys?
Leave them.
I can use these guys.
Miss, I's sure that Master Dallas is all right.
He will be dropping back in at home any time now.
Yes. I'm sure you're right.
I don't feel very good about this,
pretending not to know anything.
It's not as if we are lying.
It is true that we don't know very much.
We led the Runorata folks on that details would be forthcoming, too.
We've heard that Gustavo is being shaken down by Dallas
over his killing of the head of the Genoard family,
but that is a lie.
Baltro Runorata must have some ulterior reason.
But what that might be...
The Dallas matter is classified, and all.
Classified? The Gandor brothers disposed of Dallas, didn't they?
Whoops, that just slipped out.
What? How is it that you can't tell me, your colleague?
The president told me to keep my mouth shut.
Don't tell me it's that! The thing about those folks who never die?
Sorry, I apologize, but I can't be the one to say anything.
Please, I hope you'll excuse me.
Forgive me, okay?
Don't tell the president that I let that slip out, okay?
Oops, excuse me.
Hey, watch yourself, will you?
Watch yourself, will you?
Listen, Miria...
What, Isaac?
Make absolutely sure not to draw any attention.
I know. Just move nice and simple-like, right?
That's right. So long as you know.
This is amazing! Which one shall I pick?
How about this one?
Are you sure you should be selling stuff like this?
Is this even a hat?
Hmm, this one may be a bit too unusual.
This one might not be suited for pulling heists
Old-timer, total that up for us!
Listen here, old-timer...
You just completely forget that we ever came into your store.
Forget it!
If you report this to the police... er, if you do...
What do we do?
If we haven't decided on anything specific,
then slugging him and stuff works, right?
Yeah.
Anyhow, old-timer, if you report us...
If you report us...
I'll hit you!
-All right then...
Hey!
Your change.
T-T-That was scary!
That was scary!
That old-timer was pretty formidable.
Imagine, him being able to frighten me this much with just one glare.
Yeah, but of course, if we got into a fight, I'd win, because, you know...
I would think how bad it would be if you got hurt, Miria.
Really?
Yeah, really!
In this last year, since we started our tour of robberies,
from San Francisco to New Jersey, we've hit 87 spots.
We've been to all sorts of places,
but have I ever put you in any danger yet?
About 87 times.
There, you see?! That's still less than a hundred times, isn't it?
You're right! Incredible!
Sure! We'll do our last big job here in New York,
and then live the easy life down around Miami.
Once we do, the word danger won't have anything to do with us!
Nothing to do with us!
We'll buy a big house,
and build a pool there, where we'll swim from morning until night.
But it gets cold at night.
That's all right! If we turn on about 10 stoves, the pool will warm up!
Incredible! Incredible!
Even an Arabian king couldn't turn on that many!
And let's have a railroad that runs through our yard!
We'll ride a steam train from our house to our gate, every day!
But are we really going to be that rich?
Sure we will! As long as I'm with you, Miria, I could even be the president!
I could be a king, a queen, even a joker!
I don't know what that means, but it's incredible!
So, who the hell are these white-suited guys?
I have absolutely no idea.
In any case, call back anyone who has their hands free.
Yes, sir.
Should we think of this as another trial?
I don't think we can arrive at that so easily.
Isn't that right, Guth- dono?
Yeah. We can't get to the heights of where Master Huey is
by taking normal routes, after all.
Chane, where are you going?
You going to let her do that?
Leave her be.
She will do what needs to be done. Besides,
she'll only live until tomorrow, anyway.
Be careful. Why did you hit them?
I'm terribly sorry.
They suddenly ran out into the street, and I couldn't brake in time.
That hurts, you know! It's cowardly to hit someone by surprise! They suddenly ran out into the street, and I couldn't brake in time.
That hurts, you know! It's cowardly to hit someone by surprise!
Cowardly!
Cowardly! They appear to still be alive.
They appear to still be alive.
Hey, are you listening to me?! They appear to still be alive.
Hey, are you listening to me?!
Hey, are you listening to me?! Yes, our speed being as slow as it was...
Yes, our speed being as slow as it was...
Are you listening?! Yes, our speed being as slow as it was...
Yes, our speed being as slow as it was...
Drive.
Yes, sir.
Hey, just a minute! Are you trying to get away?!
Come back and fight fair!
Fight! Fight!
I don't understand young folks these days.
Although, I didn't understand what young folks
were thinking 200 years ago, either.
Maiza... Ever since that young pup went mad,
I haven't trusted anyone younger than me.
Szilard- sama, from your perspective,
all the people in the world are younger than you.
So, Ladd, who are those black suits?
They're a special treat. It's amazing.
Each one of us gets to kill two or three of them.
What's more, they're all a bunch of slackers,
who are completely convinced that they are superior.
Now, then...
It's risky for all of us to cluster together here, so split up.
I'll tell Lua and the others.
We'll get back together at an appropriate time.
When you all feel like you've let them have it, come back here.
Well, well, if it isn't Quates- sama.
It has been too long.
It's only been 20 years. That's not that long.
Oh, Quates- sama!
You're looking well.
You haven't changed at all.
Where are Barnes and Sturgeon?
Barnes- sama is busy distilling.
Sturgeon- sama passed away last year.
I see. With that defective, unperfected product,
you were unable to be given eternal souls.
Sturgeon couldn't help but grow old and infirm.
If he could have held out for one more year, he could have been here today.
Since your fear of sudden death is gone,
your fear of aging must be somewhat extraordinary.
But that ends today.
At last, we have succeeded in producing a completed product,
the perfect grand panacea.
Does Barnes have the finished product?
Yes.
Ennis, go pick up Barnes in the car.
Yes, sir.
Ennis...
Yes?
If Barnes has gotten into the finished product,
then kill him. It makes no difference to me.
Also, kill him if he has failed to preserve the remedy, and ruined it.
As you wish.
You think you can just kick someone else's foot and keep going, Gramps?
You're the one who stuck your foot out to trip me-
And you're the one who told us to get lost, you scum! aren't you?
Thanks to you, my foot just happened to stick out!
You're the one who went and tripped over it!
A-All right! It was my fault! I-I'll give you money, if you want!
I didn't ask for your advice!
Huh? Is that liquor?
What's the deal, Gramps? Is that box that important to you?
Barnes- san...
Excuse me.
Are you all right?
Y-Yeah.
I'm terribly sorry about that.
I'm looking for someone, so...
Hey, you!
Wait up!
Looking up at the starry sky that goes on forever, we sing
a melody of a dream we have of our limited eternity
The water of adoration, overflowing in our hearts
will reach someone in the distant future
I believe so
Running through time prolonged,
our voices calling out will someday become a great song
We can go on spinning our love
though it may still be such a tiny light now
Jacuzzi is amazing!
Why's that, Isaac?
He might cry and get scared, but he musters ban'yu.
Ban'yu like the law of gravity, right?
That's right, Miria! He cries and gets scared, and then finally, he musters up gravity!
Jacuzzi is incredible!
