Carve your answer to me into the roof over there.
I'm going to kill Huey Laforet.
I'm sure that you will find happiness!
All done!
We're finished!
You know the boss?
Well, that's because I'm the one who dropped him.
It's becoming as though that dreadful incident
aboard the Flying Pussyfoot never happened.
Mouths are being kept shut among a number of the passengers,
together with a large sum of hush money.
The money appears to be coming from Senator Beriam and Nebula.
So what you're saying is that they helped to facilitate this incident to some degree?
Probably. This is unconfirmed information,
but there is word that Senator Beriam had a meeting with Huey Laforet.
Senator Beriam seems to have some sort of sense of rivalry
toward Huey Laforet.
Which is to say, this incident may have been an experiment.
It was an experiment with quite a few victims, then.
What do you think their objective was, Nicholas- kun?
Search me. Isn't that something that you two would know better?
Please refrain from being catty, Nicholas- kun.
Since you share this secret, you will also be exposed to danger.
You learned your lesson well enough over the Vino affair, right?
Nicholas- kun, Elean- kun,
let us dedicate ourselves to dispassionately carrying out
our duties as information brokers.
All you need to do is gather the information.
Rid yourselves of your inquisitiveness and sense of curiosity.
-Yes, sir. -Yes, sir.
All right then,
please continue with the peripheral information concerning the Flying Pussyfoot.
Right. As for Ladd Russo, of the Russo Family,
he is cooperating well enough with the investigation,
but he insists that all of the killing he did was done in self-defense.
Say, do you know who Huey Laforet is?
Yeah, well, he's well-known, after all.
What prison is he going to?
Hmm, it hasn't been decided yet,
but I'd guess the military prison at Alcatraz, probably.
Yeah? You don't say...
Thanks.
As for the group led by the delinquent from Chicago, Jacuzzi Splot,
they were introduced to the Genoard family by the head cook
aboard the Flying Pussyfoot, and taken on as their employees.
Currently, they are staying at a cottage on Millionaire Row.
Their leader, Jacuzzi, was on his way to recovery,
when his injuries were exacerbated in a quarrel
with Graham Specter, and he is still in the hospital.
What has become of Eve Genoard?
Let's ask Sugarcube to report on that.
Can't we at least let her see her brother?
Since when were you interested in helping others?
I don't see how it would be especially detrimental to us.
The dissemination of information is plenty detrimental.
If the sister is willing to spend the rest of her life closed up
with her brother in the research facility, then that's another matter.
I see. Good work, Sugarcube- kun.
Want one?
No thanks.
Want one?
Don't mind if I do.
Help yourself.
Sugarcube- kun, please continue to keep an eye on the movements of Miss Eve.
Yes, sir.
By the way, how is Rachel- kun?
S-She apparently went to see that boy who was aboard the Flying Pussyfoot.
I see.
Oh, there's also this...
Miss Rachel!
Thank you very much, Miss Rachel!
There's no need, really.
I truly don't know how I can express my gratitude.
No matter how much I thank you, it wouldn't be enough.
Really, don't worry about it, please.
My husband, Manfred.
Go on ahead.
Right. Okay then, Rachel- san, take care.
Come along, Mary.
Bye-bye, miss.
Goodbye.
Please accept that.
Hey, you...
I see.
It sounds like Rachel- kun has had an unpleasant time of it.
She can get by without hopping free rides for a while, right?
Nicholas- kun, I told you, Rachel- kun has her own personal reasons.
You remember that Rachel- kun's father was a railroad engineer, yes?
Yes.
When Rachel- kun was very little,
there was a train that was in an accident, due to a part failure,
and the railroad company passed the responsibility for it entirely
onto Rachel- kun's father.
Seeing her father not give up his love for railroads, even in his despair,
Rachel- kun must have caught his bitterness for the railroad company,
at the same time as his love for railroads.
You mean, she stowed away out of resentment,
and saved the passengers out of love?
That is correct.
This is getting quite complicated.
So please, stop teasing her about riding for free. Understood?
I shall watch myself.
Give me as many tickets as this will buy.
W-Where to?
I don't care where. This is for everything up to now.
Um, why...
Don't ask me anything!
But...
It would take too long to explain!
Now, concerning what happened to the all-important Vino...
I-I don't know anything!
But still, Nicholas- kun...
I can't take any more of Vino!
Mister, who are you?
Who am I? How mean!
Sure, right now, my clothes are changed,
and I'm not covered in blood spatter,
but wouldn't you usually remember the voice of someone who tried to kill you?
Aw, take it easy. The train arrived safely and all,
so I'll let you off, and not keep killing you.
Also, the freeloading woman there,
I understand you went and bought yourself a ticket afterward.
That was big of you.
Then again, it's what you're ordinarily supposed to do.
Ticket, please.
I told him to take it easy.
You're a conductor?
Whoa, I'm not a conductor anymore.
Including everything that goes with it. Want to get something to eat?
See, there's something I need to discuss with a woman,
someone I know.
It's about this lady, who just might be marrying me.
Well? Are you coming?
Go! Go! Go!
Go! Go!
-Oh, there they go! -You turned out being the one most excited about it, didn't you?
Maiza- san, don't be so hard on me!
Just a little more...
Go, go, go...
Firo, as of today, you are a dominist!
A maximum-grade domina!
Dominist!
Sure, whatever. Yahoo!
So there it is. There's a girl that I like.
What do you think is the best way for me to declare my love for her?
Oh, and it isn't you, so don't worry about that.
Well? How am I supposed to know if you don't say anything?
Why don't you at least tell me your name?
Oh, me? Up until a little while ago, I went by the name Claire Stanfield.
I was just thinking that I ought to give that up,
so I don't have a clear-cut name yet.
If I had to say, I guess I'm the Rail Tracer.
And you?
I'm Rachel.
Rachel!
What do you think, Rachel? What's the best way to confess love?
I'm not exactly a normal girl,
so I don't know whether or not I can offer you any advice.
If that's all, don't worry about it.
This girl is even less normal than you are.
The first thing I think you should consider
is doing something about your insensitivity.
So then, is this girl you like an acquaintance of yours?
Y-Yeah. I met her for the first time aboard the train the other day.
It was sort of ad hoc at the time, and we split up.
But she left me a note.
Oh. I can't say for sure, but there's plenty of hope for you, isn't there?
Yeah, well, see,
is she trying to kill me, or does she like me and want to see me again?
That's the part I don't know.
Supposing that she is trying to kill me,
I don't necessarily think it would mean that she doesn't love me.
You don't necessarily think?
Look, maybe she loves me so much she wants to kill me,
or maybe it's the pattern where she really does love me, but has to
kill me for the sake of something even more important, you know?
Well, putting that aside, to be honest,
I've fallen in love with girls before, proposed to them,
been turned down, and gone out looking for the next girl,
but seeing the note she left, and remembering the way
she was fighting to the death with that white suit,
and her expressionless face, never saying a word,
I just keep falling more in love with her, every time I remember it.
Could it be that when I first said that I would help her, too...
Thinking back on it now, maybe it wasn't out of sympathy,
but some sort of fateful love at first sight.
This is the first time I've been able to think of you as human.
You didn't think I was human before now?
I'm a fine one to talk. Honestly, I'm a little confused myself.
Well, I'm convinced that I'll definitely be successful.
Maybe it will take some time, but I'm sure it will work out.
If she says that she doesn't think anything at all of me,
I'll make her fall in love with me, even if it takes years to do it.
Have you been able to locate this girl yet?
Yep.
In fact, I already know where she is.
Are you Nicholas, the information broker?
Yes, but, um...
I'm the former Claire Stanfield, the former Vino,
the former transcontinental railroad conductor,
call me whatever you like, but that's who I used to be.
I hear you took advantage of a delicate young lady,
placing her in a very dangerous situation, didn't you?
You're a bad fellow.
I-I wouldn't... You must be mistaken...
You must be punished. I have much that I'd like to ask you, too.
If you want me to spare your life, then talk!
Where is the woman named Chane,
who was aboard the Flying Pussyfoot?
I'll tell you! I'll tell you! I'll tell you, just spare me!
In that case, it's pretty certain.
Yeah. All that's left is how I'm going to verify how she feels.
What if you sent her a present with a letter?
I get you. A present, huh?
That bastard...
Go get the boss, right away!
I'm going to head over to Jacuzzi ahead of you.
Well, she put on the dress I sent her.
Who would have thought she'd put it on so soon?
It makes me, you know, terribly happy.
Who do you suppose that worker dressed in blue was
that came out of the car? Should I go after them?
I could leave Chane alone, and she'd dispose of that guy, and everything...
But should I go after them anyway?
I will!
It is impossible for you to beat me, no matter what you're thinking.
It looks like you weren't lying to me.
Ah, how sad. Let me tell you a very sad story.
As loathsome a foe as I have, right in front of me,
I am unable to engage him anymore.
I mean, am I right? You see, this man...
I will happily acknowledge your warning.
It's not a warning. It's a death sentence!
Let's go.
I like you.
Feel free to use this warehouse whenever you like. It belongs to me.
Bye, now! I'll see you later!
Sometime when that confounded redhead isn't around.
It doesn't matter either way, does it?
Everyone here is safe, after all.
Then again, who is that man?
I don't know for sure, but maybe we'd better let them be.
Besides, Chane seems to be just a little bit happier.
You're just going to leave, without even saying hello?
Elmer- san...
Hey, Sylvie. It's been a long time.
I'm surprised you recognized me.
Sure I did! If I just picture the Sylvie in my memory grown up a little,
this is exactly how you would look.
When did you drink?
I thought that if I was going to stop time,
I might as well wait until I had refined myself a little.
It was several years afterward.
So this is the twenty-something version of Sylvie. Quite pretty.
Szilard has been eaten.
You knew?
That boy... reminded me a little of Gretto.
Sylvie, don't go getting any strange ideas.
Smile! Smile, Sylvie!
It's all right, Elmer- san.
It's true, up until I came here,
I wanted to become one with Gretto,
but when I saw that boy smiling, those feelings left me.
I thought that maybe Gretto was happy inside there, too.
Sylvie...
I have to go, okay?
After not seeing you for 200 years, that was a bit brief, wasn't it?
I make my living singing these days.
Wow, that's incredible, huh?
So if you come to one of the clubs, in one of the burgs around here,
I'm sure we'll see each other again. Goodbye, Elmer- san.
Yeah. See you later, Sylvie.
Yo! Long time no see.
Even in that getup, I knew right away it was you.
That vibe that you give off is quite singular, after all.
Thanks for keeping your promise to me from back then.
Almost like an Arabian genie.
Yes, but you only get one wish, not three.
All right, I've decided, devil.
Would you look after Maiza for me? His brother has died.
It must be an incredible shock to him. Stay by his side,
not as a devil, but as a person, and help him out with things for me.
Until someday, when he can raise his voice, and laugh heartily.
I'm sure that will make you smile, too.
Are you saying you want to see me smile, too?
Of course I do! I'm sure your smile will give me strength.
You astound me. Very well. I will help him.
I'd like to see you smiling, and then be gone from this place,
but I still have a whole lot of people that I have to make smile.
I've lived for 200 years now, but there's probably no meaning to life.
So isn't it that much better for everyone to smile and enjoy themselves,
and be freed from their sorrow and hatred?
See you later, devil. You keep looking after Maiza.
It's not that I was keeping a promise to you,
so much as I was just deeply curious.
Oh well...
Such an arbitrary fellow.
Mr. Vice President...
What, Carol?
Ultimately, where does this story begin, and when does it end?
That's a foolish question, Carol. By any chance,
are you still searching for the main character to this story?
Yes.
Carol, free yourself from such fantasies.
Rid yourself of the illusion that stories have beginnings and endings.
Stories have no beginnings. Nor have they endings.
All they have are the facts of life of people making connections,
interacting, influencing each other, and spreading out.
Stories must not have endings, Carol.
Mr. Vice President, this is too hard for me.
Oh, my apologies.
But there are some things that can only be told in a certain way.
Then, Mr. Vice President, why can't stories have an ending?
Why do you think, Carol?
Because allowing the possibility for the story to go on is appealing?
Three points.
That isn't enough points, is it?
You could probably provide countless answers to that question.
But suppose I were to give you an answer
that was easy to understand, for your sake.
Yes?
Because they are enjoyable.
Because they are enjoyable?
That's right, because they are enjoyable.
Won't some people be unhappy with stories not having endings?
That's something else that makes it enjoyable, Carol.
Carol, don't look away.
But Mr. Vice President...
Don't you recognize that mouse?
How do you think that mouse has spent its time up to now?
And what sort of experiences do you think it will have from here on?
Visualize, Carol. Imagine.
Mr. Vice President, I'm starting to enjoy this!
And there you have it, Carol.
Say, if it's all right with you,
we can start off as friends.
Would you fall in love with me?
Freeze!
Hold it!
Merry Christmas!
It's too early!
-Merry Christmas! -It's a whole month too early!
Going through this much has to wipe out
at least 50 robberies' worth, huh?!
Mm-hmm! We've given it out to everyone,
and I'm sure that Genoard- san up in heaven is thrilled, too!
Yeah! There won't be any fighting over the inheritance,
and I'll bet Eve and her brother are happy, too!
Everyone is happy!
Now then, where should we run away to, Miria?
Just keep going!
Oh, how about we go dig for gold in California?
Like the gold rush!
Let's swipe a great big chunk of it from the earth!
Incredible!!
Looking up at the starry sky that goes on forever, we sing
a melody of a dream we have of our limited eternity
The water of adoration, overflowing in our hearts
will reach someone in the distant future
I believe so
Running through time prolonged,
our voices calling out will someday become a great song
We can go on spinning our love
though it may still be such a tiny light now
