Don't touch me with your right hand!
This is the last cherry bomb I have.
I'll hold it in your place, Nice, and set it off with care.
If they resist, kill them.
Ennis, you're kidding, right?
E-Ennis!
What?!
I'm not too sure about the man, but the woman is all right.
I thought he was just common scum, but he's something else.
Don't you think so?
Now then,
I promised that I would kill the one who survived,
but it's not clear whether he's alive or dead.
What do you think I should do?
Is this Huey guy your sweetheart?
Family?
Your father?
Is it true that he's immortal?
Is that what you think? That I might coerce Huey,
and steal away the secret of his immortal youth from him?
Is he the only family you have?
He's the only family you've got, so you want to do
whatever it takes to protect him,
am I right?
I was thinking about that...
If you and I got married, I would become that Huey guy's son.
Then, I would be a member of your family,
so that wouldn't be an issue anymore.
You can think I'm kidding if you want to, but I'm serious.
Unlike your buddies in there, I will not betray you.
I won't try to pull anything like stealing the secrets of immortality from Huey, either.
After all, I don't need them.
You see, whether I have the power of immortality or not,
there's no way I'm going to die. I believe that.
So don't say anything, and believe it, too.
I am a man who will never die.
We'll be coming up on a river soon.
If you're not planning on being caught by the police, jump off there.
Carve your answer to me into the roof over there.
Bye, now.
You can throw the knife at me, if you want to.
I'll just dodge it.
Jacuzzi is usually a crybaby, but when he sets his mind to something,
he doesn't cry, no matter what.
When he got that tattoo, he didn't complain about it once.
Then, why is he such a crybaby the rest of the time?
So, are you ready, tattooed boy?
Are you mad, kid?!
What?
Hmm? What's wrong?
Impossible!
I was thinking, the times when I'd want to cry are sure to be
the times when I need to try my hardest, right?
So I've decided to get lots of crying out of the way, all the time.
I'm going to shed the tears I would when I'll want to cry the most, now,
so that when I have to try my hardest, those tears will have already dried up.
You take it from here.
Boss!
Nick, please jump off ahead of us, and join up with the recovery team.
Handy, isn't it?
It's rigged to shoot a bullet when I make a fist,
and press it against someone.
Now then, I may have had a bit of an accident earlier,
but at this range, I'm more than close enough to roast you.
Do you have any last words, boy?
What is this? What kind of monster is this?!
It couldn't be...
Isaac- san... Miria- san...
What?
I'm sorry. Thank you.
I'm really glad that I got a chance to speak to you again, at the end.
If you'd be willing to do just one more favor for me,
then please, don't forget about me.
Damn it! Stay back! Stay back!
Stay back, damn it!
Die! Die! Die!
Burn! Burn! Burn!
Burn!
Czes- kun!
Are you all right, Czes- kun?
Stay with us!
Why...
Why don't you... eat me?
Boss...
You fool! What do you plan to do, unarmed?!
I've got a gun...
What is that? It keeps doing that. Is that the enemy?
Wah! Isaac!
What is that?!
T-This must be the Rail Tracer!
It's come to eat up what it left of Czes- kun!
Damn it, I won't let that happen!
Jacuzzi!
Nice...
Thank goodness you're safe.
I'm all right. Never mind me, we have to hurry and stop this bleeding.
Yeah, about that... I used that new type of bomb you gave me.
We've got ourselves a real treasure.
Jacuzzi...
You know what, Nice? Maybe I have cried a bit too much before.
So, for all that I've cried too much,
I'm going to say that I've been crying your share, too.
Since I've done your crying for you, Nice,
no matter what hardships you have from now on, don't you cry.
Jacuzzi!
I knew this would be coming.
I made several others before you, after all,
and as soon as they got too much knowledge, they turned on me.
I won't kill you quickly. I'm going to make you suffer abundantly.
Hey, you! What have you done to Ennis?!
What have you done?!
Why, you...
That's something I'd like to ask you, too.
Y-You're...
That hurt, you know, you dumb ass...
Guys!
Hey, Maiza, how come we're not dead?
I see, you're the ones...
you're the ones who drank it!
We've burned gloves and warehouses before...
But this is the first time we've ever burned someone's head, huh?
Please, place your right hand on that man's head!
My right hand?
Hurry!
Ennis! Why, you...
Out of my way!
Now think in your mind that you want to eat!
Ennis...
Huh? That red stuff is gone.
Huh? What about Czes- kun?
Jacuzzi, who was that?
The Rail Tracer, maybe.
Jacuzzi!
Donny!
Well, what are you waiting for?
A little further... Just reach your right hand out a little further...
Thank goodness!
Thank goodness, really!
Really! But why are his injuries all healed?
That's easy, Miria. Ready?
The Rail Tracer starts by gobbling up the naughty children first, right?
I'm sure that after eating him, it realized that Czes is a good boy,
so it came back to return the parts it had eaten!
That's it! That fits with what happened, huh?
You're wrong.
I haven't been a good boy.
I lied to you.
You lied?
I said that I was going to New York to see my family,
but the truth is, I'm just going to see an acquaintance.
I don't have any family. I never have, and I never-
Is that right?!
Czes- kun, you really are a good boy!
You told that lie to keep us from worrying about you!
And yet, Czes- kun, you're the one who's worst off of all of us!
Czes- kun, you're an incredibly good boy!
Um...
All right, you just leave it to Isaac!
Good for you, Czes- kun! You can rest easy, once Isaac takes charge!
So it's okay for you to smile now.
Hey! Isaac- san!
Miria- san!
Czes- kun!
I have a favor to ask.
It looks like I'm about to die,
so would you eat me, as well?
What kind of nonsense is that?
Oh, I still have so much I wanted to tell Isaac and Miria.
So, please, eat me, and give them a message from me.
If you've got something to say, say it yourself.
It's strange. I knew the way to save you.
That's right.
You've got all of Szilard's knowledge now.
Eating that old coot was worth it.
My name is Firo. What's yours?
Ennis.
Why ask? You must already know it.
I just wanted to hear you say it.
Whoo! Whoo!
What are you laughing at?
Whoo! Whoo!
Isaac- san, Miria- san, you, too?
How about telling me where Dallas Genoard is?
Are you awake?
What is this?! How are you still alive?!
Who knows? According to what Firo said,
we have the same sort of immortal bodies that you do.
Unfortunately, however, unlike you, he says we will not die of old age.
With that in mind, I would like you all
to accept responsibility for what you've done.
Hey, hey, hey!!
You're going to be drowned indefinitely at the bottom of the Hudson River.
I wanted to rub you out for good all at once,
but since you don't die from being shot or clobbered, what can I do?
Keith, that's nice of you.
You're going to have a lot of free time at the bottom of the river
before you die of the infirmity of old age, so there's a parting gift for you.
That's awful... that's so awful!
I don't mean to disagree with you,
but your older brother killed our men without pity.
Here in this room, one year ago.
As such, we will not apologize.
We will only offer our sincerest condolences.
That is all we can do.
The Hudson River, huh?
If you've disposed of him, then I am free to pick him up, right?
Yes, but shouldn't his relative have first claim?
What do you intend to do with my brother?
Examine him, comprehensively, in a certain laboratory I have.
Then you will bring my brother back up?
Yeah. It should release him from the suffering
of continuously drowning forever.
Will you allow me to see him?
It's a promise.
Please go after my brother.
Eve- chan, are you sure?
That man is the one responsible for the deaths in your family!
If this sounds like I'm making excuses, so be it,
but Raymond and Geoffrey were not killed on my orders.
This man here did it all on his own.
Boss...
It's you, isn't it, Boss? You came to rescue-
Does that somewhat help to demonstrate the way things are?
I want to show my brother that there are such things as miracles.
If I rescue him from the hell of the river bottom,
I think my brother will realize that.
Pardon the intrusion, Gandor.
Eve- chan!
Oh! Ennis, Firo, and Maiza!
Long time no see, my fine fellows!
I'm so glad to see you're all doing so well!
Oh yeah, Ennis! This boy's name is Czes- kun!
That's right, Ennis! Let this boy be your younger brother!
That would be great!
This is our gift!
Especially for you!
Hello.
Hello.
Czes...
Maiza...
I came to this city in order to devour this man.
Does this mean these two know each other, Miria?
I'm sure that's it, Isaac.
Czes- kun said he was coming here to see an acquaintance.
He's here.
Now he's going to put his right hand on my head, and try to devour me.
Devour him before he does!
Go on, stick your right hand out toward Maiza!
What's he doing? It's a trick.
He's pretending to be considerate,
but it's a scheme to devour me at his leisure afterward...
It's all right, Czes.
Don't be fooled!
It's all right. Just like it used to be.
It's already set in motion...
Maiza...
I couldn't ever go back to that ship...
I've missed you!
I've missed you, Maiza!
Firo...
Maiza- san, I understand everything.
Firo... In that case, I don't need to say it.
You, of all people...
What's the matter, Maiza- san?
To have given the agony of living forever to all of you...
What are you talking about, Maiza- san?
None of us mind one bit. We'd rather not die.
We feel like saying yahoo!
I'm not sure I really get it, but yahoo!
Yahoo! Cheer up, Maiza!
As long as they don't say anything, the boss and Yaguruma- san
can pass themselves off as just being long-lived!
What are you talking about, Firo?
In celebration of the birth of a new capo,
cheers!
Cheers!
Here you go, here you go.
Here you go.
We've been invited to attend such a happy event, and all.
This is the least we can do to thank them.
Gretto, is this right?
I had noticed, but I ended up not stopping them.
They would be able to make their way through it.
That's more or less what I was thinking.
Oh, well.
I will be waiting for you in Manhattan.
I will wait for you forever.
Please, please, find me.
I will also try to find you.
Manhattan, she says. That's too large a scale.
Besides, I never told her my name.
Well, it will have to wait until after I've fulfilled my duties to the Gandor brothers,
but I'll find you. I promise.
That makes a whole lot of children that have been saved, Miria!
From harmful radio waves, huh, Isaac?
Yeah! According to the British Sun or Nature, whichever it was,
conversation is disappearing among families because of radio waves from cell phones.
Children are involved in gaming, fathers find outside lovers,
and mothers are going off to work.
It's the breakdown of the family, huh?
Yeah! And so, we're going to stop it!
And fight child depopulation, huh?
By the way, Miria...
What, Isaac?
I've got this feeling, like we haven't aged at all.
Am I imagining things?
You're right!
Miria!
Isaac!
I don't know why this has happened to us,
but does this mean that we are being constantly reborn anew?!
Refreshed! Like every day is our birthday, huh?
Okay then, we have to celebrate!
Let's call everyone over, and have a party, every day!
Wow, Isaac! Happy birthday!
