Who's there?!
Gretto,
are you worried about your brother?
I'm scared. I'm scared.
Alchemists, summoning a devil?
Is something like that even allowed?
Eternal life, immortal youth...
does mankind really need that sort of thing?
I don't know about that.
But if it's a way to come near to the secrets of the grand panacea,
then I don't think there's anything we can do about-
I don't necessarily think that eternal life would be a marvelous thing.
Even with just this limited life, as long as I'm with you, Sylvie...
If I am granted eternal life,
then I won't be scared, as long as I'm with you.
Sylvie...
You accept that man?!
Maiza- dono is outstanding.
It is patently heretical for an alchemist to summon a devil!
This is unexpected, for someone as inquisitive as you are.
The grand panacea is every alchemist's dream.
Even if it means devils, if we are able to obtain it,
the history of mankind will be changed.
Obviously, it's a bunch of nonsense!
But what if it's true?
Maiza could be a great alchemist, on the level of Synesius, or Zosimos.
Everyone, smile!
Smiling faces, smiling faces!
There is nothing to be afraid of.
Huey...
That which is below is like that which is above,
and that which is above is like that which is below
to do the miracles of one only thing.
And as all things have been and arose from one
by the meditation of one
so all things have their birth from this one thing by adaptation.
That is correct.
Everything is linked in one, and the circle is closed.
The devil that we think of may not necessarily be, in fact, evil.
When an alchemist tries his hand in the realm of the black magician,
everything becomes linked in one.
Huey, you aren't worried?
Worried? No, I am just very interested.
About devils, the grand panacea,
how people will be changed by them, and how they will live.
I'm just very interested in it all.
I look forward to it.
Would you bring everyone here?
Only his clothes were lying there.
There was no sign of Pierre.
Or Italo.
Italo is gone, too.
What's going on?
I don't know if what I am about to perform
is the right thing for me, or for all of us together.
The one who passed this on to me was a man
who once undertook the same school of alchemy that I have.
The man had not aged a day since my grandfather's time.
This is because 300 years ago, he successfully summoned a devil,
and was successful in obtaining the grand panacea.
That man is probably surviving even now, somewhere.
Without having aged a day.
But coming near unto the grand panacea
is the earnest desire of those of us who are alchemists.
I will now perform the devilkin summoning.
Believe that there is greater worth in that which is gained by gaining
than that which is gained by losing!
Brethren, I ask you to see this through with me to the end.
Denkuro, Gretto...
I summon thee to this place! Thou art the heavens and the earth!
The night, and the day! The darkness, and the light!
The good, and the wicked! The one who sees, and who is seen!
The one who brings about creation, and brings about destruction!
The one who loves man, and despises man! Thou art-
Enough.
What happened?
I don't know! It's a monster! There's something in there!
It's the devil! I'm sure that the devil is raging in there!
What about Gretto? Do you know what happened to Gretto?!
Your words of summoning are nothing more than tedious.
I hear your words at all times, and I know your thoughts, as well.
When you think about me, I am already there in your midst.
Well, no matter.
There is no need to call me by name.
I am not at all content with being called a devil.
But, no matter.
In any event, I know what you are thinking.
You want to know all about immortal youth, right?
I will tell you, alone, how to make what you call the grand panacea.
Why only me?
Once you drink that, you will become immortally young.
Now, drink.
If you wish to know all, you must first drink.
Old man, you seem to not want an early death.
I'm just trying to put a quick end to this charade.
I knew it, it's a sham, all right!
You won't believe unless I do this?
Well, old man? How does it feel to be immortally ageless?
Calm down. Do not quarrel. I am generous.
There is enough grand panacea for everyone here.
Brother...
Gretto...
There are a number of rules we should establish.
What if you grow tired of immortality, and want to die?
Do not hesitate to go to one of your friends,
and have them devour you.
And when I say devour, I do not mean by mouth.
By the right hand.
Have them place their right hand on your head,
and when they think to themselves, I want to eat,
you will be absorbed into their right hand.
Your life will end.
Also, by doing so, the devourer will inherit
all of the knowledge and experiences of the one being devoured.
Contrarily, when giving knowledge, place your right hand on the person's head.
That is all that is required.
One other thing.
I will make it such that those who drank cannot use false names.
You can only converse with fellow immortals by using your real names.
Otherwise, you would never be able to seek out another, for eternity.
Whoops, I forgot the most important thing.
If you wish to know how to prepare this elixir,
then you may ask the man who summoned me.
You want to contain this knowledge? What are you thinking, Maiza?!
It's the conclusion I came to after thinking about it overnight.
We had better keep everyone but ourselves from drinking it.
It's too dangerous.
It's precisely because it's dangerous that we need this information!
Szilard- san, I cannot trust mankind as much as you do.
Are you being sarcastic?
No, that is my honest feeling.
Elderly sir, I kind of agree with Maiza.
Ultimately, I think that somehow he's right about this.
What do you mean?
Here I am, having become immortally young like this,
but I myself haven't changed at all. I'm the same as I ever was.
I will go on living, without ever dying or getting older,
but it seems to me that I'm no different from those who won't.
On the one hand, I feel like I'm going to become very sad,
and yet I feel that I'm going to enjoy myself greatly.
Be that as it may, it really does somehow seem like...
it somehow seems like he's right.
I think it's better for there not to be too many people like us.
You're not making any sense!
I know. But elderly sir,
my intuition tells me that what I'm saying isn't too far off the mark.
I stand with Elmer- dono. Hence, I will abide by Maiza- dono's decision.
What?!
I support my brother's decision.
I will also follow Maiza- san.
It is always possible to share this knowledge later.
It won't be too late to decide after we see what the future brings us.
I will abide by Maiza's decision.
If Fermet says so, then so do I.
I'm following Maiza.
I'm with Maiza, too.
I will defer.
This is not a question that we can come
to a conclusion on by discussing it here.
Moreover, it's not something that should be decided by majority vote.
My thinking is generally the same as Elmer's and Fermet's,
but I can't express my opinion in terms of it somehow seems.
So I will ask to withhold my decision.
When will you draw your conclusion?
Who can say? A century, or two?
Whatever happens, no decision will be too late for us any longer.
Thank you, brethren.
So then, for the time being, I will ask that all knowledge
concerning the grand panacea remain with me.
Gretto?
Gretto, I am having regrets.
Indeed, there is knowledge that mankind ought not have.
This is dangerous.
This will cause discord not only among those who hate each other,
but among those who love each other, as well.
Brother, what do you mean?
The truth is, right now, I am conflicted.
About whether or not I should devour Szilard.
That man and I are not all that different.
Brother...
Still, Gretto...
if those who become immortal are outstanding people,
people who will bring about miracles and happiness in this world,
then this knowledge will be invaluable.
And so, Gretto, I'm thinking of sharing half of this knowledge with you.
If you ever encounter anyone like that,
do not hesitate to come to me.
If I am no longer among you at the time,
then use this half of the knowledge and your own ability
to seek out the secret of the elixir.
No... That responsibility is too much for me to bear...
Gretto, you are the only one aboard this ship that I sincerely trust.
You are the only one who possesses true purity of heart.
I want you to accept this.
This is our fate.
Brother...
Thank you.
Brother...
Don't do it, Maiza!
Elmer!
You can't. You can't do that.
In time, Szilard is going to do harm.
Before long, someone is going to start the devouring.
But you can't be the one who starts it!
Elmer...
Smile, Maiza.
Even that old man might change.
What is this?
Who would have thought that I would end up
devouring a young girl in a place like this?
It was you.
My lust should have disappeared long ago,
but I hear a voice inside me that seeks you.
I see. That young man seemed to be quite taken with you, huh?
What do you mean by that?
Stop!
Please, stop! I beg you!
Gretto, this is your punishment.
That man was wrong in trying to monopolize such grand knowledge in the first place.
Help!
Sylvie, I'm so happy.
Everyone's own experiences, everyone's own knowledge,
everyone's own desires...
There is no end to the useful things one ought to know in life!
I still want to know more!
I still haven't eaten enough, Sylvie!
You're the one... You ate him, didn't you?
You can curse your fate for being born that man's younger brother.
Do not worry. I will make you one with me, inside me.
You ate him, didn't you?!
S-Sylvie!
Maiza, I...
Let's find Szilard.
Sylvie! You didn't drink!
Nile, why, you!
I am extremely angry with you right now, but I'll go ahead
and put my feelings into words anyhow.
I'll kill you!
Maiza- san...
Sylvie, are you okay?
Come on, let's smile together.
I guess not. Well, I'm going to go try to convince old man Szilard.
Convince him?
What can you convince that man of?
The possibility isn't zero.
Elmer- san!
Give up, Szilard- dono!
I have no reservations any longer, Szilard- san.
Hey! Old man Szilard!
Listen to what I have to say!
Yow!
Elmer!
Maiza!
Elmer!
To think that you would try a stunt like that to get the old man's attention...
You're an unusual man. Fascinating.
I will grant you one wish.
Almost like an Arabian genie.
Yes, but you only get one wish, not three.
All right, I've decided, devil.
Elmer- san!
Are you all right, Elmer- san?!
Where's old man Szilard?
He fell into the sea. I doubt he'll be returning to the ship, in his condition.
I see. I thought I had a chance at convincing him.
Sylvie...
I know you don't want to right now,
but you have to keep a happy face. Smile, Sylvie.
Elmer- san...
I did believe that the possibility was zero.
So that's why...
I haven't given up yet, though.
Gretto...
I never imagined that it would start so soon.
It bothers me that it looks like I incited this,
but the human race is thoroughly steeped in avarice.
Why are you speaking to me?
Because you were there. As fellow onlookers, not getting involved,
let's try to get along with each other.
I'm just interested, that's all.
Birds of a feather. Well, all right.
I thought this was the time, for sure.
What do you mean?
Nothing much.
It was just a mild sentiment, you might say.
It almost sounds like you are expecting something from us.
Don't be so hasty.
After all, we're going to be together for a long time.
We'll have opportunity to meet each other again, as well.
It's risky turning the Runoratas against us,
but you might say that this man Gustavo is less than fearsome.
I see. Then, other than brushing away the sparks that come at us,
you want us to not get involved, right?
I don't think there will be any problems.
Maiza, I can sense the presence of Szilard right nearby.
Don't you sense anything?
Oh, well.
Looking up at the starry sky that goes on forever, we sing
a melody of a dream we have of our limited eternity
The water of adoration, overflowing in our hearts
will reach someone in the distant future
I believe so
Running through time prolonged,
our voices calling out will someday become a great song
We can go on spinning our love
though it may still be such a tiny light now
Miria, it says Isaac and Miria Unintentionally Spread Happiness Around Them!
That's incredible, Isaac!
They've got the same names that we do!
Same first, same last!
We'll have to spread happiness, so we're not shown up by this Isaac-san and Miria-san!
I'm not sure I get it, but it's incredible!
