I will make it such that those who drank cannot use false names.
You can only converse with fellow immortals by using your real names.
We really are immortal!
I am absolutely overcome!
I'm Ennis. No last name.
Ennis. Ennis, right?
I don't dislike kids who are good at flattery.
So, what do you want?
Well, well, Senator Beriam.
I'm honored that you would come all this way to visit me.
Your followers have gone and made some trouble for me.
What have the Lemures done?
They've taken over the transcontinental express Flying Pussyfoot.
They're demanding your release,
in exchange for the lives of the passengers.
I see. So then, you want me to dissuade them?
My wife and daughter are aboard.
Manfred Beriam. Crazed for power and money.
Since when did you have a family to love?
Are you trying to make fun of me, monster?
There's the real you.
Convince them to surrender, Huey Laforet,
and you will come out no worse for it.
Rest assured, their plan will fall through.
What?
If the Lemures have taken over the train,
then my daughter is also aboard.
My daughter has sworn absolute loyalty to me.
Your daughter?
Chane Laforet, the fanatic?
If she finds out that what they are doing
Chane, you will not falter.
What's the matter, Chane?
Okay, listen.
Would you kill all of the people in the dining car for me?
What?
Of course, I will compensate you accordingly.
You will obtain the pleasure you seek, and I will be buying my safety.
You're no child, are you?
I'm glad you're so quick to understand.
If you will kill all of the passengers for me,
your reward will be S200,000.
That's out of the question.
How many people do I have to kill, just in the dining car?
I'm not about to let myself be taken in for that kind of spare change.
I've got no assurances that you'll pay the money, either.
I have packed a great deal of explosives on this train.
It is to make a deal with the Runorata Family in New York.
I have their trust.
to see to it that the Runoratas treat you well.
This sounds a bit too convenient.
I have packed some extra explosives.
After you have dealt with all of the people in the dining car,
I will set them off.
The train will stop, and in the meantime,
we will take the remaining explosives, and flee.
The incident will likely be chalked up to the work of those black suits.
If you've got that kind of explosives, why don't you just do it yourself?
I have need of the body of one of them, you see.
I can't just violently blow them away.
So, mister,
you'll do this for me, right?
It looks like you don't know how to talk to me, after all.
You try being looked at with such confident eyes.
Like it or not, you'll want to kill them, too, don't you know?
What? You were attacked without warning?!
Yes...
I got hit, and when I woke up, the girl was no longer here.
Damn it!
It's the Gandors! This has to be the work of those Gandors!
Eve- chan! Eve- chan!
Elean- san?
Eve- chan, I'm sorry I startled you.
I don't know how to make it up to you for what has happened.
For my part, I wish there was a hole I could crawl into, and not come out.
You came to rescue me?
Yeah. I thought it was my duty to do so.
Thank you.
Eve- chan, we are in no position to ask any thanks from you.
That goes for what happened to you, as well as your brother.
Big Brother Dallas?
Do you know something about my brother?
It's top-secret information within the company,
and I only know the smallest fraction of it, myself, but by way of apology, I'll tell you what it is.
The Gandor Family appears to be connected
to your older brother's disappearance.
Gandor...
You mean the mafia family?
Mm-hmm.
Please take me to them!
Please! Take me to wherever the Gandors are!
Pretty please!
Hey, Miria, do you suppose Ennis got those four to the police okay?
I hope she got away all right afterward.
So, what was it she was trying to do?
Run away from home?
Run away, huh? You might be right, Miria.
You have to admit, though, she was really strong, huh?
She was strong, all right.
Women who are strong are cool, huh?
Just like Tomoe Gozen!
By the way, Isaac...
What, Miria?
Where are we going to go now?
Here's the thing about that...
When you steal money from the mafia,
if that money is taken from a really big family,
then a lot of people come after you, and it's a lot of trouble.
The way around that is to go after a smaller family,
not affiliated with anyone else.
According to my information, around here, those organizations
would be the Martillo Family and the Gandor Family.
As such...
let's start by going to the Gandor Family hideout, which is near here.
Now, today, we're just going to case the place.
We're going to case the place!
Look, assuming we take that back to them,
you think we're really going to get any money?
We'll just have to trust them.
But, Dallas, you saw how easily he killed Scott, right?
Once he's through with us, he might just eliminate us, too, right?
Forget about Scott.
Relax. Those guys want this booze.
So all we have to do is hold the booze at gunpoint.
Tell them we won't hand it over until we get our money.
I get you!
That shot must have made you smarter, too, didn't it?
Huh, Miria... That must be, you know, the organization's graft money.
A bribe, huh?
The three of them carrying it so cautiously
in the middle of the night like that must mean...
It's money, right?
Right!
So there's only one thing we can do- take that money from them, now!
Why?
Because they're carrying it now.
If we come back tomorrow, their safe will be empty.
Oh, yeah! Isaac, you're so smart!
Hold it!
What?!
Who are you?!
The man who came back alive from Reichenbach Falls, for a purpose...
Professor Moriarty!
Okay, then, make it Jack the Ripper.
Are you trying to mock us?!
We don't have time to be messing around with a bastard like you!
Well then, how about messing with me?
What?
Isaac- san...
He's so useless.
What do I do? I can't count on him.
I can't search out any other immortals like this.
Back then, before I realized it, I gave out my real name.
Which means that there was another immortal there.
I am not about to get devoured.
I'll have to devour them, first.
Didn't he just die a minute ago?
Ah, hello.
You're that man from the newspaper, right?
H-Hi there.
Aren't they nice? I bought a whole bunch of them.
They cut very well.
Oh...
You're the man from that newspaper.
H-Hi there.
And just what is this about?
Well, as it happens...
Are you Gandor- san?
Yes, I am.
My name is Eve Genoard.
I am Dallas Genoard's younger sister.
Genoard...
Dallas? You mean that filthy punk?!
You know who my brother is, right?
I'm looking for him.
Please, tell me where my brother is!
You're absolutely certain you want to know?
Then you leave us little choice.
Gandor!
We have to find them.
Nice, you and Nick take the roof and head to the dining car.
Donny, you're with me.
Nice, I'll be coming back here for sure, so don't overdo anything.
You're pretty passionate, huh, Boss?
That was our first!
Huh?!
Your first? You mean...
Boss, you and Jacuzzi have been an item for ten years, right?
And yet you never once kissed?!
Come on, Jacuzzi, there are limits to cowardice, you know!
And that goes for you, too, Boss!
So then, why did you kill him, Ladd? It was a good offer, wasn't it?
Indeed it was. But did you see his eyes?
That mug of his said, There's no way I'm gonna get killed here.
He was so convinced that he wasn't going to be killed by us.
He looked down his nose at me, Ladd Russo- sama!
It's like somehow, my urge-to-kill gauge hit its max!
Yeah, but still...
But what really galls me is how, right to the very end,
he had that look of confidence on his face!
Where does he get off, the son of a bitch!
Hey!
Keep it down!
Look at this!
This is not good.
There's no way past.
Have I found myself a new victim?
What are you doing, Chane?
The white suits might come past here to attack.
Are you trying to protect Guth and those other fools?
They are planning to kill you.
I know.
Once they have gotten you back, they won't have any use for me.
Ultimately, what they really need is the secret of immortality.
Their goal is to become immortals themselves.
Both you and I don't really matter to them.
Very smart, Chane.
I gave up my voice in order to protect the knowledge I got from you.
I'm not scared anymore.
I'm not afraid of those who are trying to take you from me.
Are you saying you will protect me, Chane?
You are immortal. You do not age.
In time, I will grow older than you,
and in time, I will die, before you.
But you are the only person who loves me.
You are my only family.
So I cannot afford for you to be taken from me.
I cannot afford to give you up to anyone.
That girl is amazing!
Yo! Aren't you cold, wearing a dress like that,
with all this cold, wintry air whipping around?
You guys are all dressed up as an orchestra
to put on a performance for me to listen to, right?!
For me, and for me alone!
For you to climb up onto the roof like this for me...
It must be love!
I accept this tremendous love of yours.
Now, for you to accept my love.
I love you!
So die!
For real?
Hey, was that for real? That's impossible!
Right back at you. Right back at you! Right back at you, you dumb ass!
Is it humiliating? Could you just die?
I'm going to kill you, whether you want to die or not!
Hey, are you for real?! Are you for real?!
For real?
Impossible, I say. Impossible, I say!
Those guys are freaks.
Yo! You've been sneaking around on all fours for a while, huh?
Why don't you put your hands up, and come down from there?
Luck Gandor?!
My, my, this is quite a racket.
You're supposed to be dead!
Come now, that's no big deal, is it?
N-No big deal?
I get it.
You must have used a body double, huh?
There's no end to the dirty tricks you'll pull!
Dirty tricks?
You're the one who took Eve Genoard, aren't you?!
Gee, I don't recall anything like that.
Don't jerk me around! I've got proof!
You've teamed up with that brat Dallas!
That's not true!
E-Eve- chan!
Heh, and there's more proof than anything.
Pretty arbitrary, huh?
Yeah, arbitrary.
Do you get it now?!
Say what you will, those with the power prevail.
Such is the law of this world.
W-What's going on here?
You see, there are powers and laws such as this in this world.
That didn't work...
Who'd have thought it was liquor?
-Well, when faced with this... -Well, when faced with this...
We'll swipe money from them, instead!
This time, we'll case the Martillo Family's place!
-Martillo! Martillo! Martillo! Martillo! -Martillo! Martillo! Martillo! Martillo!
Remember, Miria,
act naturally, like a customer.
Naturally, okay?
Mm-hmm, naturally!
-God's will be done! -God's will be done!
Haven't seen you before...
Don't worry about it!
Don't worry!
Come on.
-God's will be done! -God's will be done!
Listen, there's supposed to be some sort of office here, somewhere.
Once we're there, there should also be a safe.
Gotcha.
Also, act naturally, like a customer. Naturally, okay?
Mm-hmm, naturally.
Sure enough, there's a basement office!
Ah! Sir, you shouldn't be there!
It's dangerous there! Move away, quickly!
God's will...
To celebrate the birth of a new capo, I will fire the ceremonial gun.
Isaac has been killed!
There's a bit of a problem with one of the customers!
Isaac!
Don't cry, Miria. I'm still alive.
But, but, but, you're gonna die!
Well, one day...
Isaac!
Miria!
You're the ones who were at the hat shop this afternoon.
Oh, it's those guys.
The ones we passed earlier.
You two...
Looking up at the starry sky that goes on forever, we sing
a melody of a dream we have of our limited eternity
The water of adoration, overflowing in our hearts
will reach someone in the distant future
I believe so
Running through time prolonged,
our voices calling out will someday become a great song
We can go on spinning our love
though it may still be such a tiny light now
Hey, Miria, I think those two mysterious people are us.
We made her silent, huh?
We did something inexcusable, right out of the blue.
You're right.
And we don't even know who Chane-san is.
We've never even met her.
