Those guys are freaks.
You really are a good little girl, Chane.
Here he is! This is the guy, isn't it?
Bingo!
Hey!
Hey there!
W-What's the matter, Nice?
Nothing. Just smiling about the past.
Oh.
Jacuzzi! We got an old miner friend I know
and a Hollywood movie engineer to buy that explosive under the table!
It came to S100,000.
S100,000! Isn't that incredible?
And those ceramic grenades with the insides removed
went for S200 each!
They did? That's great.
Be that as it may, Jacuzzi,
we've picked up on something that could mean trouble.
Eh? What?
Someone was holding onto a box that was floating in the river.
A passenger, you might say.
Boss, it was that one in the black dress.
That woman?
-Yes. -Huh? An acquaintance?
I wouldn't say acquaintance...
Well, we do know her, you might say.
Anyhow, we couldn't turn her over to the police,
so we brought her here.
You have? Well then, hurry and introduce her to me.
Yeah.
Come on in!
Hey there. I'm Jacuzzi Splot.
Glad to have you here. What's your name?
They still won't let me out of here.
Sorry. It seems like you're having to hang around here
like a duty nurse because of me.
D-Don't pay any mind to me. You can read if you want to.
I'm not all that interested in stuff like the papers.
A-And by stuff like the papers, I wasn't in any way trying to make fun of you.
Don't misunderstand, okay?
I just meant I didn't want you to pay too much mind to me, that's all.
Listen, Chane,
your last name is Laforet, right?
By any chance, are you a relative of that Huey fellow, or anything?
Sorry! If it's a complicated matter,
then you don't have to force yourself to talk about it,
and if you're not related, and it's just a coincidence,
I hope you'll forgive me. In any case, I'm sorry!
He is my father. I-Is that right?
I was with the terrorists that attacked the train.
I sort of knew that, from the way that Nice and Nick were acting.
Why don't you report me?
Why?
Well, while I may not be able to excuse what those black suits did on the train,
we stole some freight from the train ourselves,
so we can't complain too loudly.
Besides, you more or less seem like a good person. I mean...
I don't know for sure whether or not you're a good person.
But it doesn't matter, does it? We're friends, after all.
I don't understand you people.
You people? Does she mean Nice and Donny?
And that's about the size of it.
You don't believe me?
I suppose you wouldn't. Not that easily.
I don't show this to people very often, but you're special, miss.
Do you believe me now?
Yes.
I may be older than you, but it gets awkward,
so you can talk to me like you were talking to a child.
Thank you very much. I mean, thanks, Czes- kun.
Oh, hey, this is a hell of a coincidence, huh?
I came by to see Firo, a childhood buddy of mine.
It turns out he went out with a couple of acquaintances, or something.
I figured it would be wrong to intrude when he has company,
so I decided to call it a day and head back.
What are you guys up to?
Have you gone and become chummy, now?
I'm telling you, that Chane woman is a problem.
If we let her become one of us,
there's definitely gonna be trouble ahead.
She's gonna draw the attention of the police our way.
After all, she was in with those terrorists.
Doesn't matter to me,
but I'm a little wary about making trouble for Genoard- san.
Still, Jacuzzi has already made up his mind.
Boss...
Sure, she's a girl we don't know anything about,
but the fact is, just like us,
she's down and out, and has no one she can depend on.
Chane- san!
A-A package just arrived, addressed to you, Chane- san.
Wow.
It's pretty, isn't it?
Why don't you try it on, Chane- san?
Please, excuse us...
Hya-ha...
It's pretty. It looks good on you.
Who sent it to you?
It's from him. What could he be thinking?
Clothes...
This is the first time anyone besides Dad
has given me something like this.
Dad would often provide me with clothes when I was little.
It made me very happy.
But I don't know how I should feel, receiving clothes from him.
I don't know. I don't know. I understand less and less about him.
He said he would protect Dad.
He said he would marry me to do so, too.
I don't know what he was thinking to make him say that.
But at least I didn't sense any falsehood in his words.
That's why I'm so confused.
If that's the case, should I accept his proposal?
But I'm scared. What am I afraid of?
What was he thinking to make him propose marriage to me?
Why would he give me this?
Chane- san, is something the matter?
No, huh?
Chane- san, why don't you step out, for a change of air?
Oh, Graham- san, someone's coming out.
Is that right? Let's pray that this doesn't turn into a tedious story.
Ah, tedium is a crime.
It takes the limited amount of time that is given to man,
and rather than spending it in indolence or drowning it in pleasure,
it just stays there, eating it up.
I can't put up with that! Tedium is a crime! Die, tedium, die!
Die! Die now! Die, you! Die, me!
Woah, she's really a cute girl!
Time spent in tedium is like a coffee break,
to allow the climaxes of life to reach their perfect state.
I'm going to choose to think so.
She's so cute, it makes you remember sayings like that, doesn't it?
That would have to be Eve Genoard, right?
If we're wrong, we're wrong.
I'd like to assert that it's all part of the spice of life.
After all, there isn't a single thing in the whole world that is tedious.
That's the complete opposite of what you just said.
Are you okay, Boss?
Ever since you fainted, you've become quite fearless, huh?
They're going into Central Park.
Are they? Then why don't I start spinning a sad tale?
For them, that is.
Hya-ha?
Hya-ha.
Hya-ha!
Huh? What's this?
A sad story... why don't we start ourselves a sad story?
A story that is heartrending in its sadness.
But, rest assured, it will be happy for me.
Jacuzzi!
W-What's the matter, Nick and Nice? Why so rushed?
Chane- san... Chane- san has been taken!
W-What are you saying? You don't mean, by the police...
No, not them.
This guy carrying a monkey-wrench this big came up out of nowhere.
Dear Jacuzzi Splot and associates,
We have apprehended Eve Genoard.
If you wish to save her, gather all the money you can
and come to the abandoned factory at pier 13. Come alone.
This is a ransom note! W-What's more, it says Eve!
They've got the basic facts all wrong!
Something awful is going to happen to Chane unless we do something!
Jacuzzi!
Jacuzzi, are you going there?
You're going to a lot of trouble for a girl we don't know anything about.
You bet I am. Chane is one of us.
Jacuzzi, you may consider her one of us, but...
It's true, I don't know where Chane was born,
or how she might have been brought up,
but even so, she washed up out of the river, just like you did, Nick.
Even at just that, I sense some sort of destiny about her.
She doesn't have anywhere else to go, same as us.
Besides... besides, I just don't see Chane as being a bad person.
That's all there is to it.
Jacuzzi...
Nick, relax. I'm going alone.
Jacuzzi, you can't!
Jacuzzi, that wrench-wielding bastard is no ordinary punk.
I'm still going. I have to go, you know?
He told me to come alone, after all.
If I didn't, it would be impolite, wouldn't it?
I-I'm so scared, I can't help myself, though...
Poor girl. She seems to be so scared, she can't say anything.
Sorry about this, young lady.
But not being able to speak may be lucky for you, in a sense.
People expend exceedingly powerful energy,
whenever putting sadness into words, or putting joy into words,
or putting anger into words.
Even more when it turns to fear, or pain.
In that sense, being so afraid that you can't find any words...
in extreme circumstances, where human instinct controls
energy consumption, could, in a sense, be called
a self-defense mechanism, couldn't it?
Whoops. I went and said something somewhat intelligent there.
All right, give it up for me, guys.
Hmm? Hey, why are you getting up without asking-
Ho... here I thought you were an ordinary young lady,
but this is interesting.
That's a bit on the large side for something used for self-defense, isn't it?
But that's okay.
You surprised me a bit, but being surprised is a good thing.
Being surprised reminds people
that what lies ahead of us in life is unpredictable darkness.
This is a second surprise.
I get the feeling you aren't Eve Genoard, are you?
You'll excuse me. Your move just now was not that of an amateur.
To be honest, I am surprised. Also, I would appreciate it
if you would listen until I'm finished speaking.
You are fascinating. An okay that goes even beyond okay.
Uh-oh, I'm starting to get excited.
All right, that settles it.
It wouldn't surprise me if you told me you were a Martian now.
Well, hurry up and grow eight arms, why don't you?
If it turns out you're not human,
that just means that you're worth breaking.
This is getting to be enjoyable, for some reason.
It's becoming truly, truly enjoyable.
Why don't we join forces, to spin ourselves an enjoyable tale?
Or to put it more specifically, let me beat you.
Please stop!
Um, I brought the money, s-so,
let the girl... let the girl go at once, please.
Maybe it's not such a great deal of money,
but I do think it's a considerable amount in its own right,
so take the money, and please return the girl to me!
Oho... that was fast.
All right, let's switch our tale away from the surprising story
to the story that is gratifying to me.
No, that's okay.
Never mind the money.
I don't know why, but everyone says it's a good thing.
And seeing those who are taken in by money and then ruined by it
is best of all!
Catch! Hold on...
You said you brought money,
but looking you over, you're empty-handed, aren't you?
I'm empty-handed, but I brought money-
or rather, something in its place, instead.
I-I don't know if you'll believe me or not,
but I have...
I have... I have...
By turning me over to them,
you should be able to get a good deal of money.
Nice!
Jacuzzi...
Nice, open up! Nice!
Nice!
Open up, Nice!
Jacuzzi!
What's with the tattoo?
You see? Now everyone will recognize my face.
So things will be fine, as long as I'm together with you.
Jacuzzi...
Nice, what's wrong?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you so much.
Nice, when you cry, I feel like crying, too.
I just wanted to be of help to you... that's all...
That's the sort of person Jacuzzi is.
He thinks more about others than himself, and then takes action.
So he's always on the losing end.
But he always has lots of friends around him.
You're amazing, huh?
Damn it, you've impressed me!
Fascinating! You are happy! And also sad, Jacuzzi Splot!
But I am impressed.
They say that there's always a fine line between happiness and sadness,
but you, at this very moment,
have locked up my heart inside that line.
However!
At the same time, I am enjoying my fight with this woman.
Ah, what shall I do?!
Shall I release this woman, out of regard for you trapping my heart?
Or shall I ignore that, and continue to fight this woman?
My feelings are torn right now.
Ah, what should I do?! What would you do?!
Is that your answer?
Then let's get it on.
Stop! I beg you, stop fighting to the death!
Chane- san, are you all right?
Nice, the place is wide open. Why did you blow it up?
You don't need to ask, you already know why.
The boss just wanted to blow something up.
Guys!
Huh? Didn't I write in the note for you to come alone?
Yes, and just like it said in the note, Jacuzzi came here alone,
so I came here alone, too.
Yeah, I came alone to America, from Mexico.
I also walked here, alone.
-Me too! -Me too!
Indeed, you did not contradict me.
Now, I see that you are all intelligent.
W-What are you going to do with them?
Guys, thanks for coming. But for some reason,
I thought I heard an unfamiliar voice mixed in with you.
Am I imagining things?
Come to think of it...
Now that you mention it, I can't say I didn't hear it, either.
I'm impressed that you'd be able to pick out my voice,
as not being one of your friends.
N-Not at all...
But then, who are you?
Me? I'm the former Claire Stanfield,
former transcontinental railroad conductor, and current Rail Tracer.
R-R-Rail Tracer?!
Jacuzzi!
I'm terribly sorry for being so abrupt,
but I have business with that woman. I need to interrupt for a moment.
It's been a while, huh? Are you still planning to kill me?
Well, it's not as though I'd particularly mind if you were.
But I thought that it would be proper for me
to declare my love for you, first.
I get the feeling that I didn't communicate my feelings for you, on top of that train.
I'll tell it to you straight.
As perplexing as it is, it appears I'm in love with you, Chane.
Sorry, that's not true. Actually, it's not perplexing.
But it is true that I love you.
Ah, sure enough, it's not like me to use fancy words.
Let me tell it to you straight.
I love you. Let's get married.
Are you unsure?
It's all right. I promise you,
I won't destroy the world you've come to believe in.
The world is not that fragile.
No world can be destroyed just by having someone else enter into it.
It just gets bigger, that's all.
If it ever seems like your world is falling apart, I will protect it.
You ordinarily wouldn't believe anyone who uses words like these.
But, as you know, I'm not ordinary.
Why? Why would these people do this for me?
For me, after we've just barely met?
For me, someone who isn't even family?
Why would they do so much?
Why would this man say he loves me?
I've never met a person that said they loved me.
Even my friends avoided me.
Not even my father has ever told me he loved me.
No, not even my father...
Let me tell you an incomprehensible story.
What is it to be incomprehensible, as to the doings of men?
It's incomprehensible, isn't it?
No matter. It's useless to even think about such a thing.
With that being said, I'm not sure what's going on,
but may we resume our situation?
Very well, I give you my permission.
But then, I haven't heard what your answer is, Chane.
If you are going to oppose Chane and her friends,
then I will take you on.
All right, if you're going to run away, now's the time.
How arrogant of you!
There's only been one other person to rival
the arrogance I have within me!
Boss Ladd!
The arrogance of Boss Ladd was unwavering.
For you to jeopardize that is far beyond the pale!
Unless I knock your arrogance below at least that of Boss Ladd's,
my dawn will never break,
and I will not see the sun! It will remain night forever!
Is this Ladd person Ladd Russo, of the Russo Family?
You know the boss?
He's the guy who fell from the train the other day, right?
How do you know that?
That's not even a rumor that has gotten around outside of his close companions.
Well, that's because I'm the one who dropped him.
Looking up at the starry sky that goes on forever, we sing
a melody of a dream we have of our limited eternity
The water of adoration, overflowing in our hearts
will reach someone in the distant future
I believe so
Running through time prolonged,
our voices calling out will someday become a great song
We can go on spinning our love
though it may still be such a tiny light now
They say that people's lives are limited.
However, there are those that sing that when grasping
for unlimited possibilities, people can magnify their lives
1 0, 1 00, even 1 000 times over! And well you might say!
And I should be there at the center.
That's one of the rules that God laid down, right?
