OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
Biscotti had a brief moment of peace.
Our princess should have been enjoying peaceful days,
but war was suddenly declared!
That was a notice of a grand war wagering each country's treasured swords.
Our princess, Sir Hero, and the knights prepare.
Our battle has begun!
To Becky: How are you doing?
The Day of War
Sorry I haven't contacted you in a while.
I'm doing great.
I'll be participating in a competition starting today and I'll win.
Send.
That's right. Today is the great war between Biscotti and Galette.
Understood. Just be careful, and don't get hurt.
All the best!
I'm here because I've been summoned as a hero of Biscotti.
For the sake of the princess who summoned me,
and for the sake of this country,
I'll fight with everyone!
I'll fight with the hope that everyone who participates will be able to keep smiling.
Everyone!
Thank you for gathering here so early in the morning!
Today is the day of a great war with Galette. Did all of you have a good rest last night?
Did all of you have a good breakfast?
The normal participants will be divided into groups according to the Knights Army.
The battlefield this time will be along the border between the two countries.
Our headquarters is located here in the Fortress of Sreize.
Basically, this place will be protected by the Knights Army garrison and the support team.
The main force will march along the valley's sports zone from Chapel Hill.
Next, the second force will go through several kinds of challenges at the fastest speed.
Right up to Galette's headquarters, the Fortress of Grana.
This time it'll be a battle of expedition.
We'll be advancing at a rapid pace.
Those who are not used to war, those who can't catch up, or those who have a sense of discomfort in any form,
please get in touch with the rescue team immediately.
All right, let's all get into groups!
And... let's begin!
Princess, please be careful.
The same to you too, Senators.
Please keep an eye on this place.
Chief, you be careful too!
It'll be fine.
While I'm away, please help me follow up on searching for ways to send Sir Hero back home.
Sure! Just leave it to us!
We swear it on the pride of our research team!
Your Highness, Chief.
It's about time. Please get prepared.
All right!
It's finally time, Rico!
Right!
Have you prepared the strategy?
Yes, there won't be a problem!
All right! This is Biscotti's territory, the front of Frianno Castle!
Starting today, the soldiers have begun their march to meet the great war with Galette!
Look at the number of soldiers!
The participation for Biscotti has reached 20,000 people!
It's the biggest group over the past few years!
With Laurent Martinozzi, the Leader of Knights Army as captain, the entire army follows.
Franboise of Galette, how are things proceeding on your side?
Right! We're here in Galette's territory at the front of the Fortress of Wanlet!
The Galette Army has managed to gather some 23,000 soldiers as well! Amazing!
Prince Gaul's army will also participate!
I see! Looks like everyone will arrive at the battlefield slightly before noon!
Roger that! Next up, Galette's broadcaster, Franboise,
and Biscotti's broadcaster, Houshi, will be reporting to you live!
Noir, Jaune, apparently there will be an unprotected power zone.
Check it thoroughly, and we'll only fight where it's safe. There won't be a problem.
Yeah, but didn't you hear that ghosts come out at the Fortress of Grana?
I don't like this! I'm only afraid of ghosts.
Are all of you fools?
What ghosts?
As long as you cut it down the moment it appears, that's good enough, isn't it?
Then it'll be done!
The general is so reliable!
Okay, let's put ghosts and phantoms aside.
The truth is that, where the protection level is weak, there is a high possibility of demons appearing.
Demons?
It's neither human nor beast
but a sinister species that feeds on Flonyard energy.
It's a monster that brings disaster and curses over everyone.
That's really scary!
Noir, horror stories are forbidden!
That's simply absurd.
Isn't it said that the monster, or whatever it is, was sealed in the depths of the earth hundreds of years ago?
Although it's reported that way by the theologian and observation teams,
there have been eyewitness accounts of demons.
But I've also heard that there are hunters who specialize in demon extermination.
The hunters remain in darkness, searching for demons under the moonlight.
Ridiculous. That's just unbelievable.
You must have been reading too many stories about monsters.
That's only hearsay.
I'm not lying.
General, please don't make our Noir upset.
If she gets upset, it'll take forever.
Like I care! Fools!
In the end, I didn't manage to figure out my sister's goals.
Princess and Sink, I'm sorry.
Princess Millhiore and that Sir Hero?
Yes. It seems like they'll die.
I knew that Millhi might be in danger by reading the stars about half a year ago.
Is that so?
So that's why you were worried about the princess.
It was three months ago that her death had been confirmed.
At the same time, I knew that the more I tried to relay the danger to Millhi or the people of Biscotti,
the worse the prediction would become!
Then the hero arrived, and everything just appeared as clear as crystal.
Death wasn't to be upon Millhiore but upon the owners of Excellead and Palladion.
I know that foretelling the future by reading the stars looks suspicious.
Moving our army based on these claims isn't very smart, either.
Though I honestly believe that,
I've seen too clearly over these few months.
I feel very uneasy after that.
It's perfectly normal to feel uneasy.
You should have informed us, at least.
I'm sorry.
I can't run the country by depending on star reading,
and I believe in that,
but the death of Millhiore and that hero would bring unrest and sadness to both countries.
Hence, I've decided to quit being leader.
What?
I'll only be borrowing the Granveil.
I'll think of a way myself.
As long as I can take their Holy Swords away from them, it's possible I can avert their deaths.
But what's gonna happen to the people of Galette if you resign as leader?
That won't be a problem, will it?
Galette was supposed to be Gaul's, anyway.
I was only stepping in before he entered adulthood.
Though he still isn't very mature, at least he already possesses the ability to save people.
As long as he's responsible and cares for the people around him,
I'm sure he can be a great general.
I agree that Prince Gaul has the ability to rule as well as a good character, but...
Princess Leo! Please don't go into ignore mode!
When this happens, her Excellency is never able to hear anything!
Princess Leo, I'm talking here.
Well, well, how about we do this?
We'll have a great war that would draw a lot of attention.
As for the reward, both parties would need to take out their Holy Swords.
The soldiers will definitely be up for it in order to avenge their continuous losses.
It's a good chance to initiate a new war.
Then, as long as we win the war,
we can hide Biscotti's Holy Swords somewhere no one can reach or find.
Of course, we're only doing that to prevent them from being stolen.
It has nothing to do with her Excellency's star reading.
I'm only offering this suggestion for the sake of both Galette and Biscotti.
What do you think, your Excellency?
The march has gone smoothly!
Princess Millhiore's reporters have also been seen quietly moving forward under the protection of the Knights.
The princess's precious Haran also seems to be in high spirits!
Wow!
The princess is waving to us!
Thank you!
Thank you, Princess!
It is against the morality of war by raiding like this.
I should've been the only one to bear the consequences of cowardice.
Please say no such thing. Allow us to contribute any little effort we can.
We of the Guards Regiment will follow you no matter what, Sister Biore.
Right, everyone?
Yes!
Understood. The first mission today is to sneak in and steal that precious something.
All of us from the Guards Regiment will sneak into Biscotti's base camp,
and we'll steal the Holy Sword, Excellead, from Princess Millhiore's hands!
Sir Hero and Eclair are on the same team again, huh?
Yes. Although it wasn't what I intended, I have to take care of the dumb hero.
S-So cruel.
Sir Hero, you need to get along with your teammate!
Why are you telling me that? Eclair's the one who's always being mean to me.
Shut up. That's because you're always doing something stupid.
Something stupid?
I heard when Sir Hero and Eclair met for the first time,
he touched her breast and looked at her naked body.
Oh gosh! That's interesting!
That's a misunderstanding!
Yuki, how did you know about that?!
Rico showed me the video of that day.
You sure have a ton of guts, don't you?
That was just an unlucky accident.
Why are you kicking me?!
Looks like those two won't have any problem coordinating.
Yes.
The only things to worry about now are the demons.
They shouldn't be an issue.
It's a sunny day. The wind of protection fills the air.
Konoha says that she doesn't feel anything suspicious, either.
All right! It's already the afternoon.
Both Biscotti and Galette are at Chapel Hill after their lunch!
They are waiting for the signal to begin the war!
Listen up. When the signal to begin appears, we'll use the shortest route to move to the opposite side.
Okay.
As soon as it begins, everyone will be fighting to occupy the bridges and fields.
No one should notice us.
Understood.
Artillery Team, it's okay if you don't attack, but make sure you protect Chief Elmar!
Please follow her closely!
Yes, ma'am!
Sorry to keep everyone waiting!
The battle signal will appear shortly!
Chapel Hill's live commentary will be brought to you by Biscotti's international broadcaster, Eretasa,
and Galette's international broadcaster, Jean Cazoni.
All right, the countdown is starting!
Live audiences, and audiences who are watching the live telecast,
please join in the countdown!
Ready...
five,
four,
three,
two,
one,
begin!
All forward!
Galette Army, attack!
Let's race forward, Hero!
All right, Captain!
There's our prey!
Boys, surround them!
H-Hey! Th-This is not what you said!
H-Huh?
Fire your arrows!
Hero!
Understood!
Gale...
Double Cross!
Die, Hero!
Me?!
Yukikaze Style Attack, Flower Storm!
Sir Hero!
Yuki!
It's taboo to be careless!
Sorry! Thank you!
Even if you stop us, there won't be any good points!
If you don't wanna turn into a pet ball now, get out of the way!
I can't do that, Ear Drooping Doggie Captain.
You're not important.
We just need to beat up the hero and get the Holy Sword, Palladion.
We'll be able to get a great reward from her Excellency, Princess Leo.
What?
Now that you know, you're the one who's getting in the way.
You lone rider!
Why don't you give us some service?!
Get her, boys!
Thanks to that dumb hero, I was indeed bare naked before...
But I, Eclair Martinozzi,
will never, ever,
repeat that embarrassment again!
Eclair!
Are you okay, Hero?
This is bad. I... No, the Palladion has become their target.
That may be true, but we can't change our strategy now.
As a precaution, you better not use the Palladion as a weapon for now.
Yeah. That's why I picked up a weapon!
Great! Let's whack them and move forward!
Right!
Well, both sides have intensified their battle!
Lady d'Arquien, who had left the battlefield for two years, seems to be as capable as she used to be!
She's charging forward with her favorite Muratsumoto!
Likewise, Panettone has demonstrated her magnificent skills!
Due to the performance of those two, the rescue team is having a tough time doing their jobs.
Then again, the earlier you get beaten down, the earlier you recover.
That's true.
Even if you get beaten down, so long as you still have the stamina,we would like you to still enjoy the war!
Next up, Percy, at the front lines, how are things getting on over there?
Right! Just now Biscotti's second team, the Imperial Guards captain and Sir Hero,
together with Chief Rico's team, have cut across the wetlands!
I'm Fran, and I'm at the route toward the Fortress of Sreize!
Just a moment ago, Prince Gaul's team had cut across here too!
This is unusual of Prince Gaul, attacking the enemy from the back!
Is this some kind of a war strategy, perhaps?!
Everyone, be alert!
Princess, we have information.
According to Galette's messenger, there's a super urgent message to be delivered to you.
All right, please let her in.
All right.
Your Highness, my deepest apology for my impudence,
but please listen to our wish!
Um, I'm sorry,
but I'm not the princess.
Now, please don't move, okay?
How unfortunate.
I'm really sorry for tricking you with my impersonation.
Well, I'll bring out some tea.
I will listen to everything you want to say, okay?
That's Rico's signal!
I can't believe they actually went and raided the princess.
With this, it's confirmed.
Princess Leo is hiding something from me.
In the midst of battle, she's always a person who fights fair and square.
And that Princess Leo has gone this far for the Holy Swords.
She must have her reasons!
That's why I must question her personally!
As the leader of Biscotti, as the owner of Excellead,
and, more importantly, as Millhiore, who loves Princess Leo more than anything in the world!
Die!
Ugh!
You're so popular, Hero!
Granaford's Defense Strategy
The next episode will be about us!
This is annoying.
