Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
OP
South Central Flonyard, Plains of Cocona
Godwin, is the march going smoothly?
Yes, your Highness Leonmitchelli.
The rain is unfortunate,
but the entire army will definitely be able to reach the fortress by tomorrow afternoon.
Just as your Highness has ordered.
In order to prepare for tomorrow's fortress siege,
the soldiers have had sufficient rest and food.
Tomorrow, we'll let the Dog Princess of Biscotti experience the humiliation of defeat once again.
Biscotti Republic, City of Frianno
Sure enough, the soldiers of the Galette Lion Army are approaching Myon Fortress.
Are those people from Galette really serious about fighting their way all the way to this castle?
Even though the leader of the Galette Lion Army, her Highness Leonmitchelli, is very brave,
she's also the type who tends to cross the line.
Reasoning aside, we've been losing battle after battle lately.
If only Lady d'Arquien and Madam Tenko were here.
If the Knights Brioche and Yukikaze would share their point of view...
No matter what, if we lose this battle,
if the worst happens, our Frianno Castle would be...
That's...
We can't let them!
For our princess, and for the people of Biscotti,
we have to win this battle!
Eclair!
You're currently in the presence of the princess, you know?
Excuse my rudeness.
Thank you, everyone.
I've clearly understood the poor situation facing our Biscotti.
We most definitely cannot be defeated in this battle,
so I have decided to use my trump card.
Trump card?
As a representative of the Biscotti Republic,
by the name of Millhiore F. Biscotti,
I shall summon a Hero to our country!
Japan, City of Kinokawa
Sink!
Sink! Are you awake?
Yeah, I am!
Then come down already!
We're late. I'll leave without you!
Hey, wait up! I'll be down in a minute!
Good morning, Becky.
Good morning, Sink.
Yup, that was perfect.
Speaking of which, tomorrow is the beginning of our spring break.
Where are you planning to go?
My dad and mom will be away on a business trip as usual,
so I was wondering if I should pay a visit to my hometown.
Your hometown?
You mean back in England?
Right, a visit to Cornwall.
Also, there are a lot of places to practice there.
You really love athletic things, huh?
Of course! They're fun.
There'll be a big competition in July and September this year,
so I can't slack on practice.
The Iron Athletes Championship, right?
Right. The preliminary qualifying round is in July, and the official one is in September.
It was such a waste last year. You were so close to becoming the champion.
I know, right?
Even you came to cheer me on.
Well, I think getting second is already amazing enough.
But I somehow still feel like winning this year!
So I'll practice like hell this spring break!
Right, right. Good luck.
Oh, right, I forgot.
Yes?
During the last three days of spring break,
will you and your parents be free?
I'm not sure. Why?
My parents will be back by then.
Would you like to visit my villa?
Oh, really?
Yeah. Nanami said she'd come, too.
That's great! How wonderful!
Plus, it's just in time for the flower viewing season.
If your parents are too busy, you can come on your own.
R-Really? On second thought, no thanks.
You'd just leave me alone like usual,
and then do athletic or cudgel practice all day -
Don't worry!
I'll train like hell the day before until I can't stand properly!
Please don't overdo it, okay?
I'll see you later, Becky! Make sure you confirm our arrangement!
Okay, I'll e-mail you!
Have all of you enjoyed life on campus this year?
Even though all of you were born in different countries,
the days you have spent in Japan,
and the memories you have with your classmates, are all precious!
So from tomorrow's spring break onward...
Izumi, what's going on? Are you leaving early?
I'm sorry! I need to hurry to the airport!
I see. Be careful.
Okay!
I think Japan is a really great country.
Especially this city of Kinokawa.
It's peaceful and convenient.
However, there aren't many places to move around and have fun.
It's a little small
and boring.
If only there was a corpse somewhere.
That kind of place where we can make a big fuss.
Ow, ow, ow...
A girl?
Wait, ears? A tail?
Nice to meet you. You must be the Hero who responded to my summoning.
Hero?
I am the one who summoned you!
I'm the leader of the Biscotti Republic, City of Frianno.
My name is Millhiore F. Biscotti.
Oh. I see.
My name is Sink Izumi.
So you are Sir Sink, the Hero?
So I shall address you.
Tatsumaki, thanks for escorting our Hero.
Um, wait...
You have responded to our summoning and thus have arrived here.
I am very grateful that you came all the way to Frianno.
Can you hear me out about our current situation,
and then give us the help that we need?
Um, for now, it would be helpful if you told me what was going on.
All right.
Oh no! It has begun!
What has begun?
Our country, Biscotti, is at war with our neighboring country.
Well, it looks like our advance is going well.
If these conditions persist, we'll win.
It has opened.
All right. Start advancing from the fortress gates.
Let's go, people!
Today is the day we bring down Frianno Castle!
We'll make the Dog Princess and her knights cry out loud!
A bird?
Is this your first time seeing a Cerkle?
I'm sorry.
There aren't any where I come from.
This is my Cerkle, Haran.
Please mount as well.
Even though they are our neighbor, Galette often goes to war with our country, Biscotti.
But as of late our country has been continuously losing.
They have broken through many of our strongholds and battlefronts,
and today they're trying to bring down our castle.
Right now we lack the kind of knight who can confront their leader.
The leader of the Galette Lion Army, the King of Beasts, Leonmitchelli.
That's why I need you, a Hero, to help us!
Well, I'm not a knight or a hero.
I'm just a normal middle school student.
I wonder if I can be of any help.
Please, you're too humble!
I'm very certain of your power.
Well then, the exciting battle continues today!
This live broadcast is brought to you by me, from the country of the Galette Lion Army,
Franboise Charley!
The commentary will be by General Bernard and...
Hello.
Hello, everyone.
With that said, every soldier from the Galette Lion Army is finally starting to march!
The single plank bridge was easily broken through within twenty minutes!
Next up for the soldiers of the Galette Lion Army is
the Biscotti Republic's pride and joy,
Frianno's blockade.
Even the experienced soldiers of the Lion Army are having a tough time.
If they also break through this place, that's it for Biscotti.
Are you okay?
The rescue work by Biscotti is efficient as usual,
right, Miss Biore?
I hope they won't give up and continue to move forward.
The commander, her Highness Leonmitchelli, has yet to enter the battle.
But if a promising knight from Biscotti's side comes out, she'll enter the battle and finish him off!
Interesting.
Second battalion, advance!
This looks pretty bad!
It is bad!
What happened to the Martinozzi siblings?
The Galette Army continues to advance.
On the battlefield, a proud young knight from Biscotti,
Eclair Martinozzi, has begun to greet the incoming advance!
Oh no! A few got past her!
Crap!
Are there still too many soldiers for them?
Brother!
Well, that was a really close call.
The last six people who arrive at the battlefield will be awarded with bonus points.
We really hope to award a special prize to the very last person.
That's what he said! Soldiers at the front line,
he said there's a bonus!
How wonderful.
This... is war?
Yes, is this your first time seeing a battlefield?
Um, will anybody get hurt, or even die, in this war?
Absolutely not!
Forward!
The entire battlefield is bound by the rules of war.
It is fought fair and square.
It is the responsibility of the organizer to ensure there are no injuries or accidents during the war.
Of course, this is also the way countries negotiate with each other.
Though sometimes it'll be more intense.
But, for Frianno, wars allow citizens to enjoy sports and competition in a healthy way.
We've lost continuously.
The citizens of Biscotti and our knights feel depressed.
And most importantly, if the palace gets attacked,
everyone who has been working hard will be disappointed.
Disappointed?
Disappointed...
With war in a alternate world
and the summoning of a Hero,
this is exactly like the worlds in the fantasy novels that Becky likes.
If I calmly think about this, I'm definitely dreaming.
Excuse me, Princess.
Yes?
I'm the Hero of this country?
Yes, you were found by us.
I have no doubt that you are the one.
You are the Hero of my country.
In that case, I'll acknowledge your summoning.
I'll prevent everyone from being disappointed.
I, Sink the Hero, will give it my all!
Thank you very much!
Me too.
Well then, let's return to the palace at once.
Your equipment and weapons have already been prepared.
Tatsumaki! Haran!
Let's go, Haran!
Well then, Sir Hero.
Yes, Princess!
Whoa! It's flying!
It can fly!
Haran is really good at flying!
I don't care if this is a dream or reality!
This place is amazingly interesting!
It'll be a waste if I don't have some fun before I go back!
Oh! The Princess is coming back with a Hero!
Everyone, we've just received important news!
Princess Millhiore has summoned a Hero at this critical moment!
This is incredible!
It's also my first time seeing a Hero present on the battlefield!
So, what kind of hero will the Hero of Biscotti be?
Maidservants of Frianno Castle,
have the Hero's clothes and armor been prepared?
Yes, ma'am!
Very good. As soon as the Hero arrives,
complete his change of clothes within thirty seconds!
Roger!
A Hero?
Really?
Princess!
Rita, I'm back!
The Hero is here too, right?
Yes, he's our wonderful Hero!
People of Biscotti,
and people of the Galette Lion Army,
sorry to keep all of you waiting!
Although Biscotti has been continuously losing lately,
that kind of poor development will end today!
The one who will bring hope and victory to Biscotti,
our wonderful Hero, has finally arrived!
He has appeared on the battlefield looking magnificent and striking!
I have answered the call of the Princess's summoning!
I am Sink the Hero!
I will now face the lot of you!
Birth of a Hero!
ED
Hey, Sir Hero, are you all right?
L-Landing failed.
Um, well, please continue helping us in the next episode too!
