OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
Flonyard is in the middle of a great war.
A hero has been summoned to be the savior of Biscotti,
the Earthling, Sink Izumi.
The first battle of Sir Hero, Sink, who cheerfully agreed to help, begins now.
Um, was that good?
It was perfect, Princess!
First Battle!
The... The...
The Hero has appeared!
Here in Flonyard,
Biscotti's Royal Representative has summoned a hero!
This is also my first time witnessing this.
Exactly! And that rarely seen hero is now present right before our eyes!
But, Princess,
that hero does not know our rules of war, right?
Will everything be okay?
Don't worry. I've told him all about it.
Laurent is carefully going over it with him now.
Good. Looks like you've memorized the rules and routes.
Yes! The princess told me about them earlier.
When you were summoned by the princess,
what was your first impression of her?
She's cute and caring,
not to mention an amazing princess!
Excellent!
In that case, Sir Hero,
advance forward and rendezvous with our vanguard, Eclair!
Okay!
Sink Izumi,
advancing!
Sir Hero.
I'll reconfirm the rules with you one last time, all right?
All right. Please do!
First, when enemy soldiers attack you,
just beat them up as you go!
That's amazing! What a real hero!
If we could defeat a hero, wouldn't we be incredible?!
It'd be awesome!
I'm gonna go for it, damn it!
As long as the enemy soldiers get hit by your weapon,
they'll get knocked out!
And once they're KOed, they become pet balls!
Lion Army soldiers will turn into kitty balls.
They'll be powerless for a certain amount of time.
I see.
If your palm touches the opponent's head or back, that knocks them out too!
Because touch outs are kind of dangerous,
you get bonus points for touching.
H-He's very fast!
We don't know what just happened,
but their attack points are rocketing upward!
Perhaps there'll be a reversal here?
It seems like this hero is really extraordinary!
Of course.
He's a hero after all!
Meanwhile, in the City of Kinokawa, Japan
Rebecca, you'll be spending spring break with Izumi-kun as usual, right?
Wh-What do you mean as usual?
I'm not in a relationship with him.
Really? But you're close, right?
Well, that's because our parents are close.
I think Izumi-kun is kind of cool.
Right! He's cute and good at sports.
No such thing.
He's actually kind of childish.
The only things that Sink likes are
athletic games and staff techniques.
He's only passionate about those things.
Although the battlefield comprises of land and mountains,
there'll also be many unstable places, such as drawbridges and movable surfaces.
But you'll be fine even if you fall off, so don't worry.
An opening!
Take this, Sir Hero!
He's really... capable!
Interesting!
Well, let me try him out!
It's the princess's decision,
but even if a hero wasn't here...
Gale Cross!
Hero Kick!
Yo! I'm the hero who answered the summoning, Sink Izumi!
I am Eclair, the commanding officer of the Imperial Guards.
Eclair!
What was that beam just now?
Beam?
Are you referring to the crest attack?
That's it!
This is your weapon.
It's the treasure of Biscotti,
the holy sword, Palladion.
It'll turn into whatever shape you wish it to.
A staff, then!
Wh-What an obscure weapon.
Are you okay with that?
Yeah! Its length is just perfect!
Finally, let me explain the crest attack.
The crest lies between Flonyard's land and air.
It's a technique that gathers Flonyard's power.
First, you gather Flonyard's power to your crest,
then you combine it with the power of your life.
Just like this, you can transform it into a kind of power called Ki-Power.
You can do a lot of things with this kind of Ki-Power,
but what you would use it for the most is definitely the crest attack.
The princess says that you are an expert with crest attacks,
so she told me to consult you.
I-I see.
First, activate your own crest.
Crest activate,
Level 1!
Use all of your strength and spirit and then solidify the crest!
Level 2.
Level 3!
Convert Flonyard's power to Ki-Power,
and release it from your weapon!
That's... a crest attack!
Although a crest attack is convenient,
soldiers with helmets and armor can easily resist it.
Most importantly...
Thanks! I'll do my best!
I came here expecting at least something,
but, at the end of the day, you're just an underling of the doggie princess.
Princess Leonmitchelli!
The enemy's princess?
It's annoying for you to call me Princess so casually.
My name is Leonmitchelli Galette des Rois,
leader of the Galette Lion Army,
and Knight of Beasts.
Call me your Highness, you rude bunch!
She's here!
Her Highness Leonmitchelli has finally showed up!
She has arrived on the battlefield!
Her precious Douma is still as majestic as ever!
Let's leave it at this.
I'll make the first move.
Go!
Wait...
Hero, you're in the way! Get lost!
You're the one...
I'm sorry.
A girl?
You...
perverted hero!
Oh! They're fighting amongst themselves?
And could this hero be unexpectedly stupid?
Fire!
Amazing!
Her Highness Leo's precious Douma!
They're moving as if they're one! They've broken through the water area!
And the biggest barrier is the deadly, slippery, slippy slippy wall section.
The Biscotti soldiers are trying their best!
It's just a little farther to the final blockade!
Is this where the final battle will take place?
We're busting through, Douma!
Like we'll let you!
Hero, what's wrong with you?!
Are you here to disrupt my fighting?!
Wh-What about you?
You're getting in my way!
Lion King's Divine Fire!
Crest techniques can do that?!
Princess Leo is on a different level!
If you don't want to lose...
just run!
Giant explosion!
It has exploded!
Her Highness Leonmitchelli's supreme skill!
The Giant Explosion of the Lion King's Divine Fire!
As long as one stands within its perimeter, there won't be a chance to stand back up.
The super powerful Crest Attack!
Though it even enveloped her own allies, sacrifices are sometimes needed,
but it was still awesome!
Franboise, confirm it for me.
Are the hero and the ear drooping puppy dead?
Uh, all right!
Let me see.
We won't be finished off so easily!
Is this a little too high? Hey, isn't this just too high?!
U-Up in the sky!
The hero and the captain were all right!
But they're just sitting ducks for her Highness Leo!
Though I don't feel like sharing the credit with you,
if we don't cooperate, we won't win.
Let's cooperate! With that timing we used just now.
This time we won't miss!
All right!
Good. Let's go!
That was a kick!
That was cruel!
I thought my opponents were just a midget and an ear drooping puppy.
I've been too careless.
Though it's fine to continue like this,
but still,
it's like giving special service to the citizens from both countries.
Your Highness Leo, does that mean...
Right. I'm surrendering right here.
Unbelievable! Her Highness actually surrendered!
That calls for an additional 350 points for defeating the army leader!
The winning condition this time is to repress the stronghold,
so the battle is not considered finished just yet!
But the difference in points is overwhelming!
The Galette army probably doesn't have a chance of winning!
We won!
We really won!
Sir Hero, although there was help from the captain,
I'll praise you for the fact you landed an attack on me.
But don't think you can do so well next time!
Thank you very much, Princess.
It's your Highness!
Your Highness!
Even though it was a bit scary to fight with your Highness,
I enjoyed it!
Photography group, focus on the ear drooping puppy.
You'll be able to get a good one.
The Hero has used friendly fire on his own ally!
Not only did he break her armor, he also tore her clothes!
I'll be back!
Next time, I'll get the upper hand on the invasion!
With that, her Highness has officially left the battlefield.
Seems like the next invasion will be something to look forward to!
Indeed.
However, this war has not ended yet.
That's true.
Everyone at the front line, concentrate until the very end!
Please do your best until the time is up!
You idiot! You idiot!
You idiot!
I said I'm sorry!
It wasn't on purpose!
If we look at the hero,
he's a confident fighter, but he looks a little silly now!
That's none of your business!
And also, to the knight Eclair,
thanks for the nice image!
Shut up!
Well then, if the Galette Army had won,
they would have held the Galette native wine celebration in the hall.
If it goes on like this, and the Biscotti Army wins,
then the right to hold a celebration would belong to Biscotti, right?
Yes. Princess Millhiore of the Frianno Castle,
the celebration this time would be...
Right. There will be a banquet
with music and singing in Frianno's music hall.
The Princess's ability to sing
is already perfect to the core!
So the Princess actually knows how to sing!
What do you mean by that?
Our princess is a world famous singer!
World famous?
Correct.
Good work, Sir Hero and Eclair.
Whenever the Princess has a meeting or conference with other countries,
she brings her orchestra and sings all over the world.
I see.
But recently we've been at war,
so we rarely get to enjoy her performance.
It's been some time since we last heard the Princess sing.
I bet you'll agree after listening to the Princess's voice.
Since you flourished in the battlefield,
I'd like to invite you to enjoy the upcoming performance in a special seat.
Thank you very much!
But, um, I think I should go back home first.
I need to get in touch with them.
Thanks to Sir Hero, it seems that we'll be able to achieve victory, right?
Yes.
I wonder if he will come to my performance.
If he goes back too late, his family will be worried.
Huh?
A summoned hero
is unable to return to or contact his homeworld.
That's the summoning rule.
If a hero is summoned,
he won't be able to return to his homeworld.
That is why heroes are rarely summoned.
Could it be that you didn't know about that, Princess?
Oh, come on. What kind of joke is this?
No. This is not a joke.
Well, there must still be a way.
There isn't anything like that!
Eh?!
You fool! Idiot! Perverted Hero!
I said that was an accident!
I want to go home! But I can't? Sir Hero in Flonyard!
Everyone, look forward to the next round!
