OP
Episode 10
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
Princess Leo continues to fight, risking her life despite the misery and pain she holds alone.
Princess Millhiore, who trusts Princess Leo, has come forward.
Will the fate unveiled by the stars remain unchanged?
If this goes on, Princess Leo and Princess Millhi will...
Oh, please! Someone save them!
Could that be... the land god who lives around here?
No, it isn't.
I'm sure you've heard this from d'Arquien before.
That is probably what had been sealed underground a long time ago,
the ominous demon.
Princess Leo! Princess Millhi!
Millhi!
Although that demon is huge and dreadful,
it's... crying?
Millhi, you okay?
Yes!
Princess Leo, look out!
No! Millhi!
No...
Milhi...
You bastard!
Millhi... Millhi!
She should survive if I save her right away.
Princess Leo...
Princess Leo!
What's going on?
Is it leaving this place?
Rouge!
Captain! Sir Hero!
Princess Leo!
Did that demon do that?
Yes, and Princess Millhi has been...
The demon might be slowly swallowing the princess by now,
but she's probably being protected by the Holy Sword.
Considering the princess's strength, though, she won't last long.
If her strength burns out, does that mean she'll be digested by the demon?
Correct.
No...
Like I'll let that happen!
Young princess.
Young princess of the Holy Sword.
Ah, yes!
I sincerely apologize for the horrible things my child did to all of you.
It's heading farther away.
No, the floating stones can be stepping stones.
With that, I can use the Tornader.
Right now the power protecting Flonyard is getting weaker!
If you fall, you'll die!
As long as I don't fall, it'll be fine!
Tornader!
Wait up! I'll go with you!
I knew you'd say that.
Well then, Rouge!
We'll go save the princess! See you!
It's a continuous journey of twists and jumps.
I need to concentrate only on this!
Leave attack and defense to me!
You're one hell of a captain!
Shut it!
Good! No problem! This is just the usual athletics!
Run and jump, then rush to the finish line using the shortest distance!
I-It may sound weird coming from me, but aren't you freaked out by this speed?!
Honestly, of course I'm afraid of this. In fact, I'm freaking scared!
Eclair, duck!
Hero...
But more than this sense of fear and pain,
the fact that I couldn't meet other people's expectations is even scarier!
If I were to see people who believe in me, who are waiting for me...
If I made them depressed, it would be a billion times worse!
Go!
Hero, there's not enough space!
It's enough! It'll reach!
I'll make it reach!
Leave it to me. I'll make you reach without fail!
Leave it to you?
I'll use Crest Cannon to shoot you off!
Stand still! I'll leave the princess to you!
Eclair!
I'll catch up immediately! You go first!
Understood!
Is that it?
Eclair made sure that I could get here as fast as possible!
I need to rush!
So!
Get lost!
I'm glad there are people who believe in me, who are waiting for me!
I'm so happy!
That day too.
My parents who came to the stadium to cheer me on,
and my precious friend who also came to cheer me on...
Sink, you can do it!
She told me that I'd definitely win.
But I couldn't be... that wonderful hero for her that day.
This time, I'll definitely do it! From now on, I'll make sure I succeed!
Ki-Power!
To the max!
It is something that happened hundreds of years ago.
It was during the time where most of the continent had not been divided and occupied by humans.
My child and I were land gods who lived peacefully in the mountains.
But, one day,
a sword fell with the thunder and cut through my child's body.
From then on, my child became an ominous demon.
I was also swallowed by my child.
That child, who had become a demon, swallowed every living creature on the mountain,
and it went on to destroy the land.
Some two hundred years ago, it tried to approach a human village,
and it was sealed by the owner of the Holy Sword.
I am not sure if the seal weakened, or if it was attracted by the scent of your Holy Sword.
But that child awakened.
My child has become a demon that only knows how to destroy.
But ever since it became a demon, it has never stopped crying.
What's going on?
It hurts.
This is suffering.
Please, somebody...
Anybody!
Please let me die! Please kill me!
Princess! Princess! Princess!
Young princess of the Holy Sword,
I'm sure you can kill my child, the one who has become a demon.
Please use this Holy Sword to decapitate my child.
If you do that, the polluted spirit will leave, and the body of the demon will no longer remain.
How could I...
I am unable to touch this child.
I do not want to see my child's endless suffering.
Young princess of the Holy Sword, please...
I'm afraid I'll have to decline!
If I kill this child here, the demon might disappear,
but the sadness that is left behind will not disappear.
Do you know how many things you and your child went through together in this long period of time?
Biscotti's Holy Swords, Excellead and Palladion, are used to kill demons,
but their existence also acts as a guide to humans and all life to bring precious hope to the land!
The both of you are, without a doubt, living beings of Flonyard.
How could you end a life that has only experienced sadness because of a demon sword?
That's just... I will never let that happen!
As the leader of Biscotti, I, Millhiore Frianno Biscotti,
will definitely never ever let that happen!
Princess?! Princess!
Princess!
Oh, Sink?
Yes, thank goodness!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
M-More importantly, Sink! I want to save this demon!
Wha...? Save?!
This thing was originally a land god!
As long as we pull that red demon sword from its body,
I'm sure it'll return to its previous self!
All right! Princess, please stay here!
No, I'm going too!
Um, but, with you looking like this...
Huh? Err...
Excellead, did you do this?
Palladion?
Excellead, is this your way of cheering us on?
We'll do it, so lend us your power!
Sink!
Yes, Princess!
Let's do this, Princess!
Right!
Until we reach our goal...
Holy Saber!
Princess, please leave the rest to me!
All right!
I'll...
The land is... This is bad, Princess!
Yes, Sink!
Sink!
Demon... Flash Wave!
Sink, are you all right?
I'm okay. That arrow was from...
Yup! Princess Leo definitely shot it!
Princess, put the child here.
All right!
Come, let's use the Hero Rush and get out of here!
All right!
S-Sorry!
Oh my goodness.
I was fighting seriously, too.
These two are really...
We must also do it properly in the next episode!
END
EPISODE10
Hero Princess The Light of Hope
Flying Flower in the Night
EPISODE11
