OP
(TL BELOW REQUIRES MASSIVE ASSISTANCE. TQ!!)
**SONG**
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
This is bad.
We're a bit too far from the foothold to go back to the castle.
Still, I need to come up with a way to bring her to a safe place.
Princess, Princess!
Sir Hero!
That voice...
Rico! Eclair!
Sorry for running late, Princess!
We're here to rescue you!
Flying Flower In The Night
Eclair, I'm glad you're okay.
Of course. Didn't I say that I'd be back soon?
Rico too!
Yes!
While I was on my way here, I saw Eclair falling from the sky.
That's how we were reunited.
And when we heard that the two of you were in danger...
I see.
Haran, we're about to arrive! Give it all you've got!
So this is the thing that startled our young princess and Sir Hero.
I didn't expect them to get rid of the demon that had been possessed by this evil sword.
I knew this would happen.
I knew that the princess and Sink could do it!
Indeed.
Now then, time for us to get to work!
Right!
Upon this fleeting life, I hold this blade of justice.
It is our duty to seal it for good.
One thousand miles across the land.
Revolving for several hundred years.
We are the fox spirit land god, Yukikaze,
and the master swordsman of exorcism, d'Arquien!
With the flow circulated from our travels,
and the five hundred and nine sealed calamity blades...
There is no room for evil in heaven or on earth!
I summon you, Calamity Blades!
Flashing Fangs of the Divine Wolf,
seal the demon!
Are we done?
Yes, my lady! It's been captured within the sealing knife.
This should be reported to the princess and everyone else waiting at the castle.
Yes, I'll go right away!
Omitsu Squad, those who intend to tag along can come too!
So that is its mother, who begged me to help her.
And then I heard about the evil sword...
Excellead and Palladion had shared their power with us up'til now.
I see, so that's what happened.
Princess, this just goes to show that you did well yet again.
Most demons are cursed and thus receive a pitiful fate.
However, you did not just kill the demon, but you also helped my kind in return.
Oh no, I couldn't have done it on my own.
This is all thanks to Sink and Princess Leo.
You also did very well! I must give you a good petting later.
Thank you.
Say, Yukikaze, is it true that its mother has already...
The mother that you met was swallowed by the demon's flesh and blood.
I believe she has already become one with her child spiritually.
Now that the demon's body has been destroyed, and the child has been saved,
I believe the mother's spirit has returned to heaven.
I see.
Princess, would you let me take care of this little fox?
Oh, okay.
I'll take care of it from home until it recovers.
All right, please do.
Next up is Princess Leo.
Hopefully her injuries aren't too serious.
About the guards of the castle, and Biscotti's Team Two,
there were some who suffered injuries, but none died or went missing.
As the face of the demon was broadcast, all fights were put to a halt.
The citizens of both countries worried for Princess Leo and Princess Millhi's safety.
I see.
Open up the hall and tell the media that I would like to make an announcement.
Yes, my Lady!
An immediate announcement took place for the citizens of Biscotti and Galette who had been worrying.
The announcement recited Princess Leo's apology and the reason the war was put to a halt.
The reason was that a huge demon appeared,
and casualties occurred as a result.
She thus announced an investigation into why the demon had appeared while ensuring the safely of the people.
Although we're still not sure why the demon showed up,
I was in over my head this time.
It's probably divine judgment for putting our country's Holy Swords up as a bet.
For ending the war that everyone have been expecting just like that,
as the organizing party, I sincerely apologize.
Next time, we'll organize a more enjoyable war unlike this one.
Of course, we will consult Biscotti first.
As a leader, upon experiencing this,
I've decided to further improve myself.
Even though I haven't been the most reliable leader,
will everyone in Galette continue to support me?
Will everyone in Biscotti participate in the wars that I'll organize?
Thank you, everyone. Thank you!
And that was Princess Leo's apology.
And so, on that night,
in order to make up for discontinuing the war,
a last-minute concert by the princess was organized.
First, you need to move to this position according to the plan.
All right.
Sir Hero, Eclair has briefed me about everything.
Thank you. It's because of you that everything went well.
Though I need to apologize for getting Eclair injured.
Please don't. She's a knight!
It is nothing you should be worried about.
Instead, she was wounded gloriously.
But I used to see Flonyard as a peaceful country.
I guess there are demons like that, huh?
I guess you're right.
It's also my first time seeing such a huge demon.
But you should have heard
that the minute we step out of the protected area, we'll definitely encounter danger.
Therefore the wars that we normally have
exist so that the people remember that they need to keep their fighting spirits.
I see.
Though it's not good to wave around power that could hurt people,
once we give up on fighting, we won't be able to protect things important to us.
Yes.
Brother!
Sorry to interrupt.
The staff would like to discuss the concert security with you.
Okay, I understand.
In that case, I'll see you later, Sir Hero.
All right!
Eclair...
Is it okay for you to walk around?
I'm fine.
By the way, have you eaten?
No, not yet.
There's a stall over there. Shall we go?
Great idea! Let's go!
What interesting progress!
Indeed.
Here.
Thanks!
What's this?
Cocona Pucca.
Injured people can eat it, and it's nutritious.
I'll try it then!
Cocona Pucca?
I can't believe Eclair actually asked a guy to eat with her!
Ricotta is superbly touched!
Yeah!
The atmosphere is rather good too.
I need to tell you something.
I couldn't have saved the princess on my own.
As the captain of the knights of Biscotti, I would like to salute you for your courage and spirit to fight.
You honor me, Captain!
But if it were you, just there on your own,
I'm sure you would've done something,
because you're the captain who was protecting the princess before I arrived.
Great, just like that, just a bit more... gush!
Gush!
Hi!
What are the two of you up to hiding here?
Yo!
Sink, ear-drooping doggie!
Huh?
Prince Gaul.
Well, you guys sure were awesome back there.
Oh no.
Well, a lot of stuff happened.
Anyway, as soon as the demon was defeated,
my sister seemed to be less energetic, as if she had lost something.
She didn't tell me the whole story then, but she said she'd tell me later.
I see.
Also, I've heard from Bernard,
and the extra activity for war will continue as planned.
That's wonderful!
Well, the war has ended. All the messy stuff has been taken care of.
The demon has been destroyed.
That means that Biscotti and Galette have regained peace again!
That's the most important thing.
It sure is.
The results were still satisfying even though the war ended only half finished.
Yeah! It's really great!
Huh? Is that a letter?
Let me see.
Rico, is something wrong?
The people at the Research Institute want me to get in touch with them immediately.
Oh.
Sir Hero, Prince Gaul,
I shall make a move first.
All right!
Go ahead!
The decoration of the stage is almost completed.
Now the lighting is being tested.
Excuse me! Princess!
You have a guest!
Princess Leo!
I apologize for coming at such a busy time.
It's all right.
I really did something bad this time.
No such thing.
I put you in danger, and I wasted the war.
I'll officially apologize soon.
Also, I was tough on you this past half year.
The days of war and what happened today have taught me a lot of important things as a leader.
I've learned to prepare for war and danger,
to protect the people, and to realize the difficulty and importance of guiding the country.
Thanks to you, I can sincerely swear from my heart to become a much better leader.
So, I've got you to thank, Princess Leo.
Most importantly, after hearing what you did all this while was all for my well-being...
W-Wait, who did you hear that from?!
I heard from Biore and Rouge.
Those two idiots!
Please don't blame them!
I forced them to tell.
How should I put it...
I wanted to tell you this myself. That's why I asked you out right before your performance.
S-Sorry.
But, you know, I was really happy when I heard about that,
but right now I am a bit mad.
You once said, The future lies in our own hands.
Being threatened by fortune telling or star reading is pure foolishness!
My mindset remains the same.
You say so, but you were still worried about the star reading.
You hid the truth from me and protected me.
That's why that was...
Even though you always took care of me when I was younger,
I have grown up now.
I have trustworthy subordinates and friends.
So, Princess Leo, you do not have to sacrifice yourself to protect me!
No! You don't understand!
You kept protecting me and loving me when we were young.
Do you know how much warmth you supported me with?
If you were to disappear, if I were to be in a world without you...
I'm sorry, Princess Leo. I won't disappear!
Princess Leo is a renowned and excellent leader, but she's still young.
Perhaps our concern wasn't enough.
You're right.
We still need the Leader of the Knights to discreetly keep in touch with General Bernard.
Yeah. It'd be great if you could be of help as well.
Sure.
It's been some time since you saw the embarrassing side of me.
It isn't embarrassing at all!
Princess, we're really sorry, but it's time for the rehearsal!
Princess!
I'm sorry I took so much of your time.
It's fine.
It's been a while since I heard your last song.
May I have the honor?
Of course! I'll sing my best!
Sparkling radiance and wind at the very end of the sky
I'll run with you'til the faraway end
I'll hold your hands and move, I'll grab them tightly and never let them go
I love you. I want to pass these words on to you.
During the times when our mood staggers,
during the times when our intentions couldn't be the same
Shaken by tears, even when at a loss, we will for sure
Hide tiny bits of courage within our hearts and coagulate wishes deep in our hearts
Even now, no matter when it is, I'll believe in continuously moving forward
I'll pass on words overflowing with longing feelings
I love you, I want to deliver that phrase to your heart.
Our miraculous encounter is right under this starry sky
It'll become a gentle bond, and we'll softly harmonize with each other
When our eyes meet, and our hearts are in agreement
Love for you. Wouldn't it be great if I could tell you that?
More, much more gentleness
When it's no longer possible to firmly grasp these hands,
intentions all frozen, even when at a loss, I will...
Keep the promise in my heart, wishing to always protect you
I'll keep unwavering courage deep down my heart, no matter when
I'll pass on words overflowing with longing feelings
I love you, I love you
I wish to tell you that.
Do you see that? She's the one who saved you.
The princess who saved your mother from misery.
This is...
Could this be the power of the little fox?
It's possible, but it may not be the only thing.
I'm choking!
Stare...
I'm choking!
Are you okay, Sir Hero?
I hope these two can get along well from now on.
Indeed.
Stare...
The Four Conditions
