OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
Our neighboring country of Biscotti managed to regain peace.
The hero also seems to be enjoying a peaceful life.
However, our Princess Leo still looks troubled.
So we, as her trusted aides, must find out what the whole story is about.
Declaration of War
Princess, I advise against you starting your work early in the morning.
But I've got a date with Sink this morning.
Before I do something fun, I'd like to finish my work.
They have completed the weapon production.
In fact, it was slightly earlier than planned.
Yes. The members of the Chamber of Commerce were very excited about two victories in a row.
That's why they worked it all out.
They really deserve a treat then!
Leave that to Amelita's assistant.
All right.
With this, I'm done with the morning's work.
Emilio, this is Princess's cerkle, right?
She's Haran.
It's one of the rarest kinds of cerkle in all of Flonyard.
So, you're a rare one.
Sink, sorry to keep you waiting!
Wait... Stop...
Haran seems to like you. I guess even cerkles like you too.
I'm happy,
but if you could, please... just save me.
It feels so good to be moving this fast early in the morning.
Yup!
Isn't it a pretty sight? This is my secret hideout.
What do you normally do here, Princess?
Well,
I take a relaxing stroll and eat my meals.
That sounds nice.
Before all that, how about some light exercise?
Huh?
Actually, I sort of tried something out yesterday.
Here's how it goes. I'll toss this over to you, and I hope you catch it.
Okay.
One, two, go!
Princess, go!
O-Okay!
Wait up!
Nice catch!
Princess!
Are you all right?
Yup, I'm fine!
What do I do once I've caught it?
Toss it back to me!
Hold it like this, then toss!
Um, you mean like this, and then I toss?
That's right!
Like that!
Good!
Sink!
Yeah!
This is so much fun!
Yeah! Let's play more!
Okay!
I'm gonna toss it real hard this round!
That's high!
I'm sorry, Sink! Try your best!
But it really is a little too high.
Palladion. Form a staff! Make it fairly long!
Crest! Glide version!
Thanks. That's probably enough.
It's been a while since I last ran so much and yelled so loudly.
But still, Sink, you're really amazing!
You're not only familiar with Ki-Power and Crest Attacks, you can also easily use Palladion.
Not only can you transform it into weapons, but you can decompose it and make it into objects too.
It just felt like Palladion was telling me
what it could and couldn't do.
Then that probably means Palladion really likes you.
That would be great.
It must be!
But Palladion is a sword, right? Somehow I feel like it can't turn into a sword.
It'll turn into one when the time is right.
Perhaps that means now it isn't the right time.
I'm the leader of Biscotti and supposedly the owner of the royal sword.
But it has never awakened.
Biscotti's royal sword... Was it the Holy Sword, Excellead?
Yes. It's actually half of the pair with your Palladion.
It's living proof of Biscotti's ruler.
I can't believe a small ring like this has such a big story behind it.
Yes. Even our neighbor, Galette, has two royal swords.
The Whirlwind Demon, Granveil, and the Holy Sword, Ex Machina.
There are also similar pairs of royal swords in other large countries as well.
I see.
I guess I'll need to return Palladion to you when I return home.
Yes.
But if you were to summon me again, I'd need to borrow it again.
Would you still be able to come?
Once I go back, you can't summon me again?
No, no. It's not like that.
Th-Then summon me! You must summon me again!
I'll do so. I will definitely do so!
That's great.
I think that'd be great too.
Yeah. Thank you, Princess.
I'm sorry. Should I not do that?
Oh no. Um, I was just a little startled.
Can I continue?
If you wish, please do.
Princess, your hair's so fluffy.
Thank you very much.
Your face is really smooth too.
That's a little ticklish.
How about this?
Not there! More over on this side...
Understood!
By the way, how was the trip, Yukikaze?
The usual.
It was a relaxing holiday with Lady d'Arquien and some others from the Onmitsu Squad.
The letter just reported on the trip and the results of the hunt.
We would have enjoyed more of your adventurous stories.
I would really like to share that too.
One of her secret missions was to hunt for the wicked.
However, we cannot disclose anything without authorization.
I see.
That's so disappointing.
But apart from that, I can tell you about every other thing we did.
If it's about the fun parts of our trip, I can talk about it anytime.
Please, let us hear it!
Princess, how was your walk with Sir Hero?
It was very fun! He wants to do it again tomorrow.
That's wonderful.
This is Percy Gaudy from Wanlet Joumai.
Just moments ago, the leader of the Galette Lion Army,
Her Excellency, Leonmitchelli, made a stunning declaration.
W-Well, just take a look at the declaration footage.
With regards to Galette's athletic competition that is supposed to be held four days from now,
I hereby make a few amendments.
Due to two losses in a row, and also taking into account Biscotti's new hero,
as well as the return of the competent Lady d'Arquien,
it'll be disastrous to our Lion Army's reputation if we were to leave them alone.
Thus, I would like to initiate a new war with Biscotti.
Having considered conducting this war with such short notice,
I'll allow Biscotti to decide on any additional conditions.
Of course, we have readied a large amount of cash prizes and awards.
It's time to make a fortune, people. Let's all participate!
Once Biscotti has agreed to this, tickets will be sold.
As we haven't got much time'til the competition begins, things will be rather hasty.
So we'll publish more thorough information later,
as we'll need to properly explain to those who are interested in participating.
Also, in order to better reward the winning country, I'm betting something extra on this.
They are Galette's Holy Swords, the Whirlwind Demon, Granveil, and the Holy Sword, Ex Machina.
You're watching this, Princess Millhiore, aren't you?
I hope Biscotti will also place an equivalent bet.
Something that is of equal value to their country's Holy Sword...
I guess she wants us to bet our Holy Swords too.
This is as if...
To the people of Galette and Biscotti,
for the sake of your own country and also for yourselves,
if you still have the courage to fight, join the battle immediately!
Using the Holy Swords as a reward?
Don't the Holy Swords represent the country?
Of course they do.
But there are times when the swords are temporarily lent out as a sign of friendship between countries.
Perhaps the people would think that's the case this time around.
However, things actually appear to be a little different.
What's gotten into Princess Leo?
This is as if she really intends to invade Biscotti.
I hope that's not what's happening.
But right now she's already suggesting to use Biscotti's Holy Swords as reward.
Amelita, the notice of declaration.
Yes, sir.
The notice of declaration states that the period of sword keeping is no more than sixty days.
As for the purpose of display and usage, it'll be based upon trust between the two countries.
There will be no illegal usage, and they will be returned within said period.
This means that they can use them however they like during this period of time.
Is there any way we can decline this?
But she has managed to capture the hearts of the people of both countries during the declaration.
If we refuse to bring out our Holy Swords, it'll look as if we're at fault.
We need to fork out a lot if we want to compensate for that.
What shall we do? What shall we do?
This is problematic!
Is there nothing I can do?
Well, it involves politics after all.
We can only wait for Princess and the Leader of Knights to decide.
You!
Why are you here?
Oh crap! You found me!
Were you sent here as a forerunner?
No, no, you're wrong!
Hm? Isn't that...
Emilio, what's happening?
Chief Panettone!
We've discovered Galette's spy dressed as one of our knights.
I said I'm not!
I'm only following orders
to deliver a secret message to the hero, Sink.
A message for me?
He's here.
Gaul.
What's the matter?
What else?
It's about the upcoming war.
Godwin and I are against this war.
There's a lot that we can't accept.
We're the same.
We were considering if Galette really intends to invade Biscotti.
My sister has overdone it this time.
The history of Biscotti and Galette supporting each other dates back generations.
But now, out of the blue, she wants to invade.
There's neither motive nor meaning to it.
After its announcement, with the people really looking forward to it,
this war is no longer avoidable.
I'll try my best'til the last moment to find out why my sister suggested the Holy Swords.
However, if I don't succeed, if I'm unable to understand her purpose,
please win this war.
Gaul, why would you do that?
I actually kind of like Biscotti.
The food's great, I love the people and the scenery,
and the princess is really sweet.
Besides, a Flonyard war should be a fun activity.
The participants, the supporters, the visitors,
and the citizens that are not involved in the war.
No matter if we end up winning or losing, it's important that we all remain happy.
As for the unhappy memories, we'll just leave it to the royalty.
It looks like reason will not be involved in the upcoming war.
That's all.
Talk's over.
Please don't let the princess and the knights know that I said all this.
Thanks, Gaul!
Yeah! We'll leave this to you, Sink!
Gaul, one last question!
I heard that our princess and Princess Leo used to be best friends!
Sorry, I'm not sure on that either,
but I guess you could ask Amelita.
She'd know all about it!
Seems like Prince Gaul made a move.
It's fine. Let him be.
We don't need to expect anything of him and Godwin this round.
Because Godwin admires Prince Gaul, right?
It's a good thing to be able to have a loyal subordinate.
This will be beneficial to his future.
Before the ascendants of the two countries passed away,
Princess Leo took really good care of our princess.
It was as if they were blood sisters.
Since the princess was young, she was always caring for and concerned about the people.
Together with Princess Leo, who was well versed in martial arts and crest attacks,
they complemented each other and taught each other important things.
Since both of them became leaders, there weren't any crises either.
Though they saw less of each other, be it formally or informally, they've always remained on good terms.
It was probably about half a year ago,
when, all of a sudden, Princess Leo became really worried about our princess and our knight army.
Worried?
She suggested that Biscotti expand their armaments.
She said we must prevent the princess from facing any potential danger and must protect her all the time.
She kept desperately suggesting ideas.
But, since three months ago,
it's as if she'd turned into someone hard and cold.
She cut all ties with the princess.
The princess was heartbroken from losing both her parents and her best friend.
A sister-like friend had changed overnight.
The relations between the countries turned bad.
On top of that, if Biscotti's Holy Swords also get taken away...
Will this be fine?
Is this really right?
This is the princess's order.
We also need to be prepared.
Hello, everyone!
I'm sure everyone saw the news this morning
about Princess Leo's sudden notice of declaration.
Due to the matter being so sudden, all of us were caught unaware.
The elders were shocked, and they even fell from their chairs.
Ah, thankfully they weren't hurt, so none of you need to be worried.
Lady d'Arquien, Yuki!
Sir Hero? Amelita?
Ever since I became the leader, it seems that we've lost several battles to Galette.
Although wars were meant to be happy,
I always wished that both parties would be able to celebrate victory, but that can't happen.
But this doesn't mean that Biscotti is a weak country.
Our failed battles up to date are completely due to lack of preparation and my incompetence.
No such thing!
Thank you, everyone.
But, you know,
in order to prevent losing in the future, we've made many preparations within this half year.
Frianno's Chamber of Commerce has helped us prepare sufficient weapons and armories.
The young knights have been training hard, and they've become much stronger!
Hence,
Biscotti is willing to accept Galette's declaration!
And of course we will accept the bet regarding the Holy Swords, Excellead and Palladion.
The reason is because we will not lose!
Let's win this war!
Let's win it and grasp a happier tomorrow!
This is fun!
My, this is so peaceful.
The Day of War
P-Please watch our next epis...
H-Haran, it hurts!
