OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
Once again, Millhi accepted my challenge for war.
It'll be the normal, typical kind of battle.
There won't be a problem.
I'll definitely protect my people
and everyone's future!
Let's do it, Granveil! Lend me your power!
Grana Fortress's Defense Strategy
Princess Leo,
I sincerely apologize. Sister Biore and her soldiers have failed their mission.
It seems they're being held captive at the Fortress of Sreize right now.
I see. Then where's Gaul?
According to your orders, he is at the Fortress of Sreize, together with General Godwin and Genoise.
But it seems that Prince Gaul and the others are not very enthusiastic about this battle.
It doesn't matter.
So long as they're able to enjoy it to the fullest with the people and the soldiers, it's good enough.
I'll win this alone!
There isn't a motive for this battle,
but we've been ordered to attack the fortress and fight the good fight!
That's right!
Godwin, sorry to involve you in such a boring task.
It's okay. I've nothing to complain about, so long as I get to follow your Highness.
I see.
Prince Gaul.
According to reports from the previous team, Princess Millhi isn't at the Fortress of Sreize.
Good. Then I'll be more at ease when taking the fortress.
If we shy away from this battle, it'll stain our honor.
So let's fight our best and give them a flashy show!
Yeah!
This is the wetland area of Chapel Hill.
Thirty thousand people are finally going to decide their fate here.
The ratio on the battlefield is 5100 to 4900.
If it's about numbers, Biscotti's winning!
But it's still too early to judge!
This is the route to the Fortress of Grana!
Biscotti's Team Two has just entered the area surrounding the Fortress of Grana!
Their light infantry is moving forward with shocking speed!
All right! As soon as we cut across this bridge, we'll arrive at their base camp!
Give me your best shot!
Attack!
Spring Plow! Ream Cultivation Beam!
Damn! It's impossible!
We're retreating! Retreat!
Lady d'Arquien!
The Leader of the Knights has given orders!
Oh.
He requests that Lady d'Arquien and Panettone's Team Three
move forward to assist Team Two at the front.
All right, many thanks.
The enemy lines are stretched thin everywhere.
We should be able to quickly cut across them.
Yukikaze and Biscotti's Team Three, follow me!
We'll cut across enemy lines and back up Team Two!
Yes, ma'am!
Oh, looks like the situation has changed!
Lady d'Arquien's Team Three is attacking in this area!
Who will win? Princess Leo's lines or the attacking backup troops of Team Two?
Oh, this is surprising!
Stop right there, Lady d'Arquien!
It's been a while, General Bernard!
Nice to see you again.
I'm sorry, but I won't let you pass through here.
How does a one-on-one battle here sound to you?
If I'm not impolite in doing so, I accept.
Stop that duel!
Bernard, if it's one-on-one, then I'll do it!
Laurent?!
Lord Martinozzi?
Oh! It's one surprise after another!
Will this be a battle between commanders?!
A battle between the leaders of the knights from both countries?!
Sorry, but I'll take it from here.
Move ahead, Lady d'Arquien!
Right, many thanks.
Team Three, let's get moving!
Yes, ma'am!
Oh man, I wonder how many years it's been since our last duel.
This will be the first time since we became the leaders of the knights.
So it was over three years ago.
Both of them were born into knight families,
and, in their private lives, they're friends that send seasonal gifts to each other!
They are the generals of both countries!
Even the cerkles that they ride come from famous breeds!
Plus, they both carry spear and shield weapons!
All right, generals! Will you battle for your honor?!
It has begun!
This is the Fortress of Sreize!
That's right. Prince Gaul and the Imperial Guards are attacking vigorously!
Tusk Claw Attack!
Arrow Team, fire!
Touch.
The enemy's right wing defense has been destroyed.
General, it's up to you now.
A disadvantage in numbers doesn't affect him!
Biscotti's central gatekeepers are flying through the air like leaves and flowers!
How is it, Chief? Will it do?
Yup! The wind came just in time! We should be able to fly through instantly!
Haran, let's fly to the princess's side right away.
Ricotta Elmar, riding Haran, the master of the artillery division!
Let's sortie!
I won't let you! Fire!
This is dangerous!
One, two... go!
Success!
Captain Vert, in front of you!
Huh?
Genoise Arrow Team, destroyed!
Our Chief's precious sacrifice did not go in vain!
Thanks for saving me, Haran.
All right! Let's keep this up and reach the princess and Sir Hero at once!
But before that, where can I put on some clothes?
Here we are at the the Fortress of Grana!
Biscotti's Team Two is finally about to enter the fortress gatekeepers' attack range!
According to Princess Leo's strategy, a special force was picked to protect the base camp.
A special force?
Princess, stay in the middle.
Yes.
We're approaching the first defense line!
Use a protective formation! Spread out and move forward!
Defend the princess!
Yes, ma'am!
Artillery team, weapons team, take your stance!
Guns? Cannons?
Hero, are you still able to perform the crest power that I taught you previously?
Previously? Which one?!
The firing time or the shield time?
The shield! You defend, and I'll charge forward!
Right! Understood!
Shield, prevail!
Fire!
Artillery team, shoot the hero!
Yes, sir!
Fire!
Wh-What?!
Hero Sink has deflected the artillery shell!
How was that, Eclair?!
What a show-off.
But good move!
Flash Void...
Grand Beeline!
Knights, clear out the injured enemies!
That was awesome!
Hero Sink and the captain of Imperial Guards, Eclair,
wiped out the gatekeepers in an instant!
They're now entering the fortress!
But looks like the weather is changing.
Dark clouds seem to be gathering in the eastern sky.
It was supposed to be a day without stars, yet I received a disturbing image.
Is the battlefield in this fortress?
Don't cry. Please don't cry, Millhi.
Things that make you upset, and things that make you feel pain...
My Lady!
Yeah. Please lead us to the direction of the fortress.
Hmm. Lady d'Arquien, Chief Panettone,
what is this sound?
Ah, it's something like an alarm.
There is danger that will make the normal soldiers unable to enjoy this war.
I'll move forward to get rid of whatever danger exists first.
I'll leave the commanding and directing to you.
Yes, ma'am!
Could this fluctuation be from a demon?
Demons bring disaster to Flonyard.
Sometimes they burn down an entire country,
and sometimes they even kill gods. What sinister creatures.
I'm tired of waiting.
You must be the hero and the ear-drooping doggie?
Right now I'm at this castle's highest point, the Sky Battle Stage.
In order to reward you for coming all this way, I'll give you a chance to win.
Granveil and Ex Machina are both here.
If you're able to get them, it'll be easier for you to win judging from the scores.
Of course, I won't fight each of you one by one.
It won't be a problem for the both of you to come together, so just bring it on.
I'll defeat all of you and take Palladion,
and then I'll annihilate Millhi's team.
Come, climb up!
Princess Leo.
Hey, there won't be a problem.
If I wait here, the confused hero and that ear-drooping doggie will bring the Palladion to me.
The stars will probably change by then.
All right.
Still, during this country's great war, I don't like this sky.
Sorry to intrude, Princess Leonmitchelli.
If Princess Leo intends to incite war by betting our country's Holy Swords,
then it is a must for me to bring the Holy Sword here.
Pardon my impoliteness for doing this on my own.
That's impossible! Why? Why?!
Princess Leonmitchelli, please tell me.
Please tell me the true reason behind this war, the truth that's hiding in your heart!
Rouge, Princess Leo and I are...
You can scold me as much as you want later,
but right now there's no time to explain!
So long as I snatch this...
If you need the Holy Swords, I'll lend them to you as long as you explain your situation.
But why didn't you tell me anything?
We used to be so close.
You always cared for me.
This isn't just about the Holy Swords.
All the recent wars,
Princess Leo, do you... do you really hate me that much?!
Calm down, Hero. You look pathetic.
Right back at you. Your tail.
Shut up! That's because the princess insisted on going alone.
I can't disobey her.
But, somehow, I have a bad feeling about this.
No matter what, we can't move the elevator from here.
I confirmed it just now. It's locked.
Eclair, over here!
It's like... we can climb up from here.
Looks like we can.
But Hero, the princess is...
No, what the princess said was...
Please let me proceed by myself from here.
So it's fine to go up from here.
How old are you?
If you have a problem with that, don't come.
I'll even go on my own.
Who says I'm not going?
We're now announcing this to all who are participating in the defense of the Fortress of Grana.
Due to the interruption by storm clouds, the Flonyard Power is weakening.
Since we can also foresee danger from lightning strikes, please stop fighting for now.
I repeat,
please put the fight on hold. Move to a safe zone...
Excuse me, please move to a nearby shelter on that side.
Eclair!
Millhi!
Princess Leo!
Princess Leo!
Princess Millhi!
Wh-What on earth?!
The Sky Battle Stage on the Fortress of Grana has begun to rise!
Hey! L-L-Look at that!
Huh?!
Hey, Hero...
Let's do it, Bernard!
Right, Laurent!
Everyone's trying their best!
Please watch us in the next episode too!
