OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
The conditions for Sir Hero to return to his homeworld
have really been bothering me.
He has been working so hard for everyone, but now all those memories will be wiped away.
There is definitely something wrong with this!
I don't want a sad ending!
Promise
I can't eat any more.
How long will it be until your summer holiday starts?
Let's see. If we go according to Earth time,
today is the 4th of April, so about a hundred days, I guess.
A hundred days, huh?
I'll miss you a lot if it's that long.
But if I visit for two or three days, then I can come during short breaks.
If there's an emergency, please call me anytime!
All right. Thanks, Sink.
By the way, Princess,
must we really perform the ceremony today?
You can't miss it!'Cause you're Sink the Hero!
The deportation ceremony has to be a grand affair!
Biscotti's hero, Sink, has accomplished the mission he was summoned for,
so today he'll be returning to his homeworld.
Please pass the Holy Sword, Palladion, to Princess Millhiore, your summoner.
A little bit more.
Just a little bit more.
Please, wait for me just a little bit longer.
There has to be a way that we don't have to part painfully with Sir Hero.
If I finish reading this page, and I get a little more information,
I just might find it!
So, please...
Rico.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
Rico.
I still can't find a way.
I'm really... useless.
Don't say that.
You've been trying so hard, after all.
I probably won't be able to bring back the memory of anything at all, but...
but, even so, I'll never forget anything!
I'll definitely remember it all!
Sir Hero.
Oh, right!
I've got a present for you.
Here.
A four-colored ball point pen and portable speakers.
I don't think I can give you my cell phone,
but these should be good enough for you to have fun disassembling them.
I don't have the heart... to disassemble them.
I'll treat them with care.
Forever and ever!
Thanks, Rico.
Geez! I can't believe I still have to escort you on your last day.
Don't say that!
I'm really glad that you're the one seeing me off!
The princess is already at the location prepared for the ceremony.
We shouldn't take our sweet time.
Okay.
By the way, Eclair.
Hm?
Though this isn't brand new,
will you still accept it?
Well, I'll just keep it for now.
Thanks.
So, it looks like you've given everyone a little something.
Yup.
I gave both Lady d'Arquien and the Leader of Knights a memento coin from my wallet.
I gave Yuki my cell phone strap, and what's left...
It's as if you're giving parting gifts.
I'm not very pleased.
Really?
Yes!
It must be true. Once you're deported, you can't come back to Flonyard.
Huh?
Yeah...
It's like... I'll lose all my memories.
Memories about the days I had here.
When did you notice?
Anyone would have guessed from Rico's expression.
I see.
Well, I heard it was real easy for you to come here.
Who knew it'd end up like this when you went back.
This is stupid.
Well, I won't forget everything that happened here in Flonyard,
or all that I've gone through with everyone.
I'll remember the captain who easily gets angry but forgives instantly, who is strong and straightforward.
All that I've experienced with you, Eclair...
I'm not confident I'll remember you, though.
The training. The battles. The diplomacy.
I'm busy every day.
I'll feel so lonely.
If being forgotten makes you lonely,
if you don't want to be forgotten,
then no matter what happens, don't forget all of us,
and then... come back as soon as you can.
Right. I will.
Sink...
Princess!
Hey, Tatsumaki. You came too?
Yup, he wanted to see you off too.
Really?
Only Sink and I can be here during the moment of deportation.
Tatsumaki, why don't you bid Sink goodbye right now?
Yeah, thank you too, Tatsumaki.
While waiting for you, I completed the ceremony's preparations.
When the time comes, it'll be the opposite of how you came.
You'll ascend to the sky from here,
and then you'll return to your homeworld.
I see.
It should be just a short while ago that I summoned you,
yet it feels like it's been so long.
I met you here, and you became our hero.
So much has happened, but most importantly,
you came here, and I got along with you.
It was fun. Really, really fun!
Me too. I had so much fun too.
Getting summoned to Biscotti. Being with you.
But don't worry, I'll definitely return during summer break.
I'll definitely come back again.
Next time, I'm sure...
it'll be... a lot, lot more exciting.
Sink, don't cry!
'Cause we'll definitely, definitely meet again!
We won't forget about you either.
You won't forget about us either!
I won't! Definitely won't!
Never!
Well, Princess!
Sink... Sink! Sink!
No! I don't want you to go!
Princess...
I still want to stay with you, forever and ever together with you!
I want that too!
I want to stay with you and everyone else!
I love you, Sink!
I, Millhi, will forever and ever love you!
Princess, I...
Sink!
Princess, I love you too!
That's why I'll definitely come back again!
I'll return and see you again! I promise you!
Sink!
Sink, are you up?
Sink!
I'm coming in!
Excuse me...
Becky?
Oh, you're awake already.
At least respond to me. Or did you just wake up?
Sink?
Huh?
What? Are you okay?!
Are you aching anywhere?!
So that means, in conclusion, that's what happened?
At the beginning of spring break two weeks ago, you remember you went somewhere,
but you can't remember where?
Yes.
But, somehow, you feel like something really sad happened?
That too, yes.
Let's see, Memory Loss, Concussion.
No way! 84,000 search results?!
Uh, hey! There's no need to check. I'm fine!
I don't think I got a head injury.
How should I put it? I just can't seem to remember.
Really? But shouldn't we go to the hospital for a bit?
I think it's better if you have a checkup.
Uh, no need. I'm fine.
What about your trip? Shouldn't you contact your parents?
Thanks, Becky, but I'm really okay.
Let's go after breakfast.
Somehow I feel that I was really happy before this.
Well, I heard you can also have memories of weird stuff when you encounter sudden forgetfulness.
It'd be good if that happened.
That's right. I'm just an ordinary first year middle school student.
Together with my neighbor, my caring best friend, Becky,
I'll be in my second year as soon as spring break ends.
Sink! Becky!
I can't forget Nanami, my relative, master, and rival.
Long time no see!
You two are still as cute as ever!
Is this the only long-awaited greeting that we get?
Nanami, I can't breathe.
Sink, kiss me!
Stop it!
Nanami never really changed.
Her dad is an oceanographer,
and her mom is a marine biologist.
I've never forgotten all of that.
But... what's this feeling?
Let's duel!
I can do it too!
I feel like I'm forgetting something really important.
It's like something very important has been taken away from me.
It's an uneasy feeling.
Noir?
I'm sorry. Did I wake you?
No, it's okay.
I didn't know the issue of Sink's return would be so complicated.
If only I had realized it earlier.
That was what he wished for, after all.
These were taken from Galette's library. They are books about summonings.
Thank you.
Huh? A letter?
Huh? This seal... Doesn't this belong to Biscotti's leader?
To the National Research Academy of Biscotti, with regards to hero summoning.
These are things you should pay attention to when sending the hero back.
Deportation is only used when the hero wishes to resign from his position with the person who summoned him.
When this happens, the hero will not be able to take anything from Flonyard, including memories.
However, these memories will not immediately vanish.
Upon deportation, the hero will enter a locked condition.
A time frame of six months is needed for the memories to be completely erased.
Hence, in order to summon the returned hero, the below conditions need to be fulfilled.
One, the hero can be re-summoned for ninety days from the time he was first summoned.
Two, the hero needs to make a promise to three people aside from the summoner to return to Flonyard.
To make that covenant, the hero has to entrust his belongings to these people.
It doesn't matter what the belongings are, though it is better for the items to be from the hero's homeworld.
Three...
Princess, Princess!
I apologize for disturbing you this early in the morning!
Rico, what's wrong?
Princess...
You were entrusted with something from Sir Hero, right?
Yes.
As soon as the ceremony ended, Sink said he hoped that I would open this after he went back.
What's inside?
Well, I haven't...
Please open it right now!
If it is, then it will be possible!
O-Okay.
The proof of promise must clearly state the interval of return, the hero and the summoner's name.
To my respected princess, Millhiore Frianno Biscotti,
I, Hero Sink Izumi, express my greatest gratitude, love, and friendship.
Rico?
Yes!
Princess, it's all possible now!
We can summon the hero once again!
Really?
Yes! Sir Hero really has kept his promise!
Wow! It's beautiful!
Sink?
Becky!
Becky! Becky! Becky! Becky!
Becky!
Becky!
Wait... Sink, Sink!
Gosh! What's gotten into you?
I remembered! I remembered everything!
Oh, really?!
It was a really interesting place!
I had a lot of fun! I made a lot of friends!
Really?
Summer break! Becky, let's go there together!
Um, okay. Well, I'll go if you want.
Sink, Becky!
You two are having fun alone. I want to join in too!
No problem!
During the spring break between our first and second years, I was a hero!
I'll be a hero again... during summer break!
I'm going to that world again!
I couldn't forget the color of the sky the two of us gazed upon that day.
Everyone started running together, full of dreams.
This isn't farewell, as I will meet you again.
Because this wish will be fulfilled!
Let's embrace these warm memories of ours,
memories of the days we spent together.
I will fulfill the promise we made when we held hands.
No matter how long it takes, I will be right here waiting for you.
Thank you for watching!
