OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
During the war to protect Frianno Castle,
the young hero summoned by the princess brought victory to her country.
The problem is that the hero found out that he couldn't return to his homeworld...
He must be really troubled now.
Then again, at a time like this...
The war has ended!
I want to go home! But I can't?
Sir Hero in Flonyard!
Since neither side was able to defeat the other, we've decided the outcome using points,
and Biscotti was able to win by defense.
Well then, after this, we'll invite Biscotti's Leader of Knights, Laurent, to talk about this round's battle.
Sir Laurent, what do you think?
Right.
And, Captain,
if possible, we would also like to interview the hero about his gorgeous debut!
A-About the hero,
we had planned for him to take a break,
so, at the moment, well...
That information is classified?
Ah, all right!
In that case, we'll ask you all our questions later!
Wise move, Brother!
Thank you.
I can't go back.
I can't leave this place.
There's no way we can present a hero like this.
What am I going to do?
Sir Hero won't be able to go back to his homeworld!
It looks like he is really depressed about this.
What should I do?
That being said, Princess, you also have responsibilities.
But, Amelita...
First off, you need to give a speech addressing the soldiers of both countries.
Next, there is the cease-fire with her Highness, Leo,
the interview for our victory,
and thanking the organizations for their sponsorship.
After all of that, you need to practice for your musical performance.
So, at least for today, we'll need to leave the issue of Sir Hero to the research team.
All right.
Furthermore, this sort of matter is the specialty of
Chief Researcher Elmar, right?
I need to find a way to help the summoned Hero return to his homeworld.
Since I didn't stop the Princess from summoning him,
and I didn't really confirm things first,
this is my responsibility.
I don't want to see the Princess looking sad!
Of course...
this is a different world.
Sheesh. It's your fault for not preparing yourself when you answered the summoning.
Preparing myself?!
What preparation?! It's all because of this dog!
I was just jumping down to the ground,
when a hole in the ground suddenly opened!
Tatsumaki opened a hole in the ground?
What's this?
Please come to Biscotti.
Attention: This is a summon for a hero.
Once you are summoned, there is no turning back.
If you wish to refuse, do not touch this crest.
Like hell I'd understand that!
That's none of my business! Don't complain to me!
Well, the research team is searching for a way to help you return home.
They should come up with a solution soon.
It'd be great if they did.
Anyway. Well, um...
although you're a fool, you'll be receiving VIP treatment.
We won't let you suffer during your stay here.
Just accept this for now.
Is this money?
Uh, wait, I don't think money...
This is your reward for actively participating on the battlefield.
If you refuse to accept it, it'll be difficult for the agent.
Although many of the soldiers took part in the war for fun,
the compensation paid
is heavily based on how much one contributes to the war.
They would like to at least get their participation fees back.
Participation fees?!
Oh boy, I guess I need to start with the basics for you.
Though war is a way for countries to negotiate,
at the same time it also allows countries and organizations to hold activities.
Although we fought against Galette this time,
there are smaller scale battles, like civil wars, between villages and associations.
Are fighting matches in villages similar to festivals?
Well, I guess you could say that.
When the time comes to decide on war,
the person in charge collects participation fees from those who are taking part,
taking into account the wealth of both countries.
Then the war takes place.
The winning country takes 60 percent.
The losing country takes the remaining 40 percent.
This is the ratio according to the continental agreement.
At least half of the cash collected is given to the participating soldiers as their reward.
This ratio is also part of the continental agreement.
Then the remaining half will be used to sponsor national engineering that will help the war,
such as building hospitals
building a fortress,
financially supporting government servants,
or used to protect the country.
Oh, um, how should I say this. Real wars,
when some go against the continental agreement, or those wars where people actually die...
We used to have that kind of war in the past.
Especially in our battles with monsters.
The reason why we can end our wars without any injuries
is all thanks to the power of Flonyard that is hidden underneath the battlefield grounds.
Besides those places, not only can people get hurt, they even die.
Then, exactly how big is the protected area?
Actually our country, city, and fortress are all built where the protective power is strongest.
There are many dangerous places on the main roads and the sides of mountains,
especially from those huge, dangerous, and ferocious animals on the main road.
But if you add in the team that travels for war,
you actually have the advantage of a safer journey.
I see.
You really don't seem to know anything, do you?
Anyway, let's head over to Rico's first.
Perhaps they have made some progress.
I'm really sorry.
I, Ricotta Elmar, have been trying very hard to find a way for you to return,
but to no avail.
For now, we'll do whatever we -
No, Rico, please calm down.
The hero and I did not expect a solution so quickly.
But...
U-Uh, y-yes, that's right.
R-Really?
You did say something about a deadline?
When is that?
Um, three days before spring break ends.
I guess I need to be home a day before that.
We have sixteen days left until then.
Sixteen days?!
Ah, I should be able to get a solution by then!
Okay, thanks a lot.
But before that,
if I go to the place where I was summoned, would I be able to get a signal?
Signal?
I really can't get through!
I told you so.
Life is all about challenges!
Never give up!
Sir Hero, it's been prepared!
Um, what has?
This is used for reporting. It's a machine that can greatly increase Flonyard's frequency.
It was something I invented when I was five,
but right now the entire mainland is using it too.
Try it, Sir Hero.
I got a signal!
Amazing! Ricotta, you're really fantastic!
Thanks for the compliment!
I'm really touched!
Well then...
Yes?
I got through!
Congratulations!
Hello? Hey, Sink?
Your voice seems kind of distant.
Where are you now? At the airport?
Um, yeah... sort of...
Ah, have you read my mail?
My papa won't be able to go because of work,
but Mama and I will still be able to go on vacation with you.
Really? That's great.
Mama said she's looking forward to the flower viewing. She hasn't done that in a while.
Sink, what's wrong?
Are you feeling sick?
Wh-Why? I'm fine.
That's good then.
Also, there's something wrong with my cell phone.
It might be a while before I can contact you again.
I'm just calling you to let you know that I'm doing fine, so don't worry about me.
Oh, okay.
I won't worry then.
If it becomes hard for you to contact people,
make sure you call your uncle, aunt, and Nanami, okay?
Everyone will be worried about you.
Okay. That won't be a problem.
See ya.
I'm sorry, Ricotta.
Is it possible to keep the signal running for a little longer?
I still have other people that I'd like to contact.
No problem!
By the way, Sir Hero...
if possible, would you let me take a look at that gadget you call a phone?
I'll just take it apart and look at its internal structure.
I get very excited whenever I meet new, unknown gadgets!
No way, no way!
I guarantee I'll return it to you in one piece!
If you take it apart, I'll lose the warranty!
Don't worry! I guarantee it'll be fine!
It's not about your guarantee, it's about the manufacturer's warranty!
Wait, wait up!
Really? Sir Hero managed to get in touch with his hometown?
Yes. The hero and Ricotta seem at ease now.
The hero has also agreed to stay during this time.
That includes participating in war-related activities and to live positively.
I understand. I'll report it to the princess right away.
Yes. Thanks.
Oh, one more thing.
Yes?
Lady d'Arquien and Yukikaze might be returning from their travel within two days.
That's exciting to hear!
Eclair, is there some good news?
Lady d'Arquien is coming back!
Is that true?!
That means Yuki's coming too, right?
Yeah!
Who?
Biscotti's most powerful knight.
Lady d'Arquien and our friend, Yukikaze!
Both of them are very trustworthy!
Oh, that's a rare sight!
It's the Soil God!
Soil God?
You really know nothing at all, do you?
It's the spiritual creature that lives within the land.
The Soil God appearing here shows that the land here is rich.
Really?
Yes, Sir Hero is with Ricotta and Eclair right now.
They're happily exploring.
And he'll also come to your concert.
That's great. Are Sir Hero, Ricotta and Eclair getting along well?
From what I know, they already are.
I still can't completely relax,
but at least I can heave a sigh of relief.
Princess, you worry too much.
I am who I am today thanks to everyone's support.
I need to do my best for the things that I'm capable of doing.
Excuse me, Leader of Knights,
Princess, it's about time.
Oh, all right!
I must really apologize to Sir Hero after this,
and I need to tell him that he did really well in the war.
I wonder if I could pet Sir Hero's head?
I hope that wouldn't be disrespectful.
I also need to compliment Eclair.
She fought hard this round.
Of course, I'll also do my best in my concert.
After that, I need to write a letter to Princess Leo.
I wonder why Princess Leo has grown so fond of war these days?
She used to really praise my singing,
so why does she no longer listen?
Princess Leo?
Are you sure you won't be attending
Princess Millhiore's concert?
As if I would go.
I'm not interested in listening to the doggie princess's singing.
I see.
How about we go mess around then?
The defeated country messing up the winning country's banquet?
Like hell I'll do something so shameful!
If that's the case, then drink as you please tonight.
Yeah. That was my plan.
Here you go.
By the way, how's Gaul?
I thought I ordered him to come here.
Now that you mention it...
Since my sister lost, it must mean that the hero is kind of tough, huh?
It appears so.
He's a hyperactive kind of warrior,
a lot like Sir Gaul.
That's interesting. I'm not gonna take revenge for my sister,
but I guess I'll just go have some fun!
If you attend the Princess's concert smelling all sweaty, we'll be in trouble.
Take a shower before you go to the concert!
Where should I take my shower?
You could ask for directions.
You'll know if you ask the people inside.
Um, there's no one here, though.
Is everyone busily preparing for the concert?
Where's the bathroom anyway?!
Oh! That should be it!
A changing room!
Yes! I made it!
The Bathing Place
Currently reserved for women
Currently occupied by Millhiore
This is awesome!
It's open to the sky!
Huh? Did someone get here first?
Sir Hero?
I didn't see it! I didn't see anything!
I-I am so sorry!
It's disrespectful for me to behave like this in front of you!
Ah, no, I...
I thought someone was here, but I didn't know it was the princess!
I'm sorry!
Sir Hero?!
I'm sorry.
I don't normally come to this shared bath.
Only at this kind of time, I can...
U-Um, I will leave at once!
Sir Hero, please do enjoy yourself!
Um, Sir Hero?
Ah, yes?!
I have so much to talk to you about,
like the summoning issue and the future.
So, after the concert ends,
could I have some of your time?
A-Ah, yeah! That won't be a problem!
Thank you very much!
Well then, I'll see you later!
Okay!
I should have asked her.
I didn't expect this to be reserved for women.
It... shouldn't be, I guess.
Princess?!
We are the Galette Lion Army!
From Sir Gaul's Secret Intelligence Unit!
Genoise!
Princess!
Over here!
Biscotti's Sir Hero.
We'll be kidnapping your important princess.
We'll be waiting for you at Myon Castle!
There's still a minute and a half until the Princess's concert.
Can you save her?
In other words, we're ignoring the continental agreement.
We'll be holding a battle to take back the abducted princess.
We have an army of 200 soldiers,
an elite force that is led by Sir Gaul.
Sir Gaul requests a one-on-one fight with the hero.
If the hero declines, we don't know what will happen to the princess!
Of course I'll accept!
I've answered the princess's call!
I am Biscotti's Hero, Sink!
No matter who and where you're from, I'll fight you!
Nyah! Sir Hero!
Rico, please do your part.
All right! I'll do my best in the next episode too!
Sudden Attack!
The War to Recapture the Princess!!
