OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
The Princess's concert held in Grana was really exciting.
Of course, it wasn't only at the venue.
Those who watched the live telecast enjoyed themselves too.
Everyone! Thank you for your time tonight!
Everyone's smiles and rising applause greeted the end of the concert,
and, together with the dawn, the citizens of Galette started heading back to Galette.
The citizens of Biscotti also returned to the land of Biscotti. Each went their own way.
The Four Conditions
Indeed!
Sir Hero, Yuki, I would like to excuse myself and then head to the institute.
Really?
Well then, do say hello to everyone on my behalf.
Thanks!
Everyone, I'm back.
How does the issue of the deportation ceremony look?
Well, the equation for the ritual was resolved this morning.
Once we're ready, we can start the deportation at any time, but...
One, the person who summoned him needs to perform the deportation ceremony.
Two, the period between the summoning and the deportation needs to be within sixteen days.
Three, the summoned hero is not allowed to take anything he received or achieved from Flonyard.
Four, once the hero is deported, he will never be able to return to Flonyard.
Does anyone else know about this?
We haven't told anyone.
The final date of deportation is... three days from now.
I'm so tired!
Coming.
Good evening!
Rico, what's up?
We've managed to come up with a way for you to return home.
According to the plan, you'll be able to return home the morning of three days from now.
That's great! Well, that's what I want to say, but...
is there a catch to it?
A hero who has been summoned before
will never be able to come back to Flonyard.
I see.
And there is also the condition that you're not allowed to take anything you received in Flonyard.
This refers not only to material things but also includes knowledge and experience.
Even the memories of your time in Flonyard will be erased when you're deported.
I see.
So this is why... you've looked pale since yesterday.
I'm just too worthless to be chief of the research institute.
I must have assumed things to be too simple.
I thought I could do it, no matter how difficult it was.
I was so sure something this depressing wouldn't happen.
Rico...
This isn't your fault, Rico.
Positive thinking is one of your good points.
But... But...
You've been getting along so well with the princess and everyone here,
and you've always been hanging out with me.
We were all getting along so well.
I don't want this to end!
Rico...
I don't want you to forget
about Flonyard and everyone here!
I know it'll be very tough for us not to meet again and for me to forget about this.
But, you know, for some reason,
even if I return home, I won't forget about everyone here.
I have the feeling that I'll definitely be able to come back here.
Rico, am I the first to know about this?
Yes, except for those in the research institute.
I see. That's good then.
Well, could you do me a favor?
I'd like to keep the facts that I won't be able to come back
and that I'll lose my memories a secret from everyone.
I feel kind of lonely the minute I think about leaving.
If everyone says goodbye as if we'll never meet again,
then I'll feel that it'll definitely happen.
But...
That's why I want to go back home with the feeling that I can see everyone again someday.
Sir Hero...
Princess, you seem to be in a good mood.
Of course! Everyone enjoyed the concert.
Plus, I made up with Princess Leo again.
Besides, I will be going for a morning walk with Sink tomorrow.
That really is something to look forward to, right?
Yup!
Captain, will Sir Hero be attending tomorrow's practice?
How would I know? Why are you asking me?
That's because you have been very close with him all this time.
Who's close to him?!
Who?! And who would be?!
He said that he'd go to Fugetsu at noon, so he'll probably come by in the morning.
All right. Understood!
Sir Hero will be coming over tomorrow, right?
Around noon, I guess.
He'll be paying this little one a visit,
and he'll also have a little sword practice with me.
I guess I'll have to prepare a lot more for lunch then!
Why don't you cool the fruits in the well too?
All right!
We're done with the little things.
By the way, sis...
Yeah? What is it?
Can I go out tomorrow?
To go to Sink's with the three fools.
I just realized that I didn't properly settle things with him yet.
Well, it's up to you. I'll visit Biscotti the following day myself.
Okay, Arumi, that's enough.
Oh! Then I'll just stay over there!
Sure, just don't give the people any trouble.
Sure!
I see, so you've found a way to send Sink home?
Yes, so you will be in charge of the deportation ceremony in the morning three days from now.
Understood!
He probably won't be able to come back right afterward, though.
Sink really is going back. I'll miss him.
Yes.
I will miss him too.
Princess, here we go!
All right!
Sink, it's my turn next!
No way!
Don't bully me!
Sink, you've dropped something.
Oh!
You always seem to be carrying this around, huh?
Yeah, this is the prize from the competition that you saw through the star reading.
It's a memento for getting second place.
Wow! It must be an important treasure, right?
Yeah.
It's something sentimental and memorable.
Good morning!
Yo, Sir Hero!
Hey, man!
You're here again?
Of course I came! Eclair, let's train together again!
I want to sharpen my sword skills!
Well, I guess you don't mind getting hurt, right?
Good morning!
Thanks for letting me come!
How's the little fox doing?
Yeah. He's getting there.
As a land god myself, I'm taking good care of him right now.
That's great.
H-Huh?!
Land god?!
Huh? I didn't tell you?
I'm one of the land god's children.
Yuki's a god?
Yup. You can honor me if you want.
My parents were killed by a demon long ago,
and with no place to go, I wandered around.
Then my lady decided to take me in.
I became a wanderer when a demon destroyed my country, too.
I see.
I never thought countries could get destroyed here in Flonyard.
Well, it's a story from roughly a hundred and fifty years ago.
A hundred?!
For the last hundred years, the demon hasn't revealed itself.
So, there aren't any dangerous disputes. Only peace.
Both Yukikaze and I possess the power to seal demons.
We've made Biscotti our stronghold during these past few years.
Once in a while we visit other countries and seal demons there, too.
Does this mean that Lady d'Arquien is also a...
No, I'm just a normal person.
Well, due to various circumstances, I had been able to live a rather long time.
How nice it'd be if you could continue to stay here.
I could pass on my sword skills and sealing abilities, such as Flashing Fangs of the Divine Wolf.
At any rate, Flashing Fangs of the Divine Wolf is something that only she can use.
Somehow when you say that, it sounds very tempting!
Well, why don't I show it to you for a bit?
All right!
Please do!
O-O-Ow...
I guess it's really impossible to learn it all within one day.
Yo, Sink!
Gaul! And everyone!
What's up? You went somewhere?
I went to Fugetsu.
Hey Sink, Sink! We brought you some souvenirs!
Oh, really?
It's a combination of Galette's famous delights.
Do take it back to your homeworld!
Thanks, really?
My sister said that it's for you.
I see.
I need to do something.
I must find it!
There must be a way in which it won't end sadly for Sir Hero and everyone else.
Whoa! Prince Gaul is strong! Prince Gaul is strong!
But Sink hasn't lost either!
Sorry to keep everyone waiting. I brought the drinks!
Sorry, Vert,
for troubling you!
No problem!
Dah! You idiot!
Again?! You did it again?!
You idiot! Idiot!
I'm sorry! I'm sowwie!
Sorry about that.
Sink, the next time Vert stands behind you, you'd better be careful.
Ah, okay. Got it.
I'm sorry.
Well, why don't you go take a bath?
We'll finish cleaning while you're at it.
Ah, okay. Thanks!
Hm, this time it would be a separate bath for men and women.
This way to the men's bath, and this way to the women's bath.
All right! I won't go wrong this time!
It's useful to learn after all!
Oh no! I made a mistake!
No way!
I made a mistake again?! I'm so dead!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
Ah, but,
but why?!
Excuse me!
Ah, yes?
Actually, the wrong sign was hung at the door!
I hope the only ones who entered here were ladies, right?
D-Don't worry! I'm the only one here!
Thank you! I'll fix it right away!
Okay!
Sink,
could you stay like that for a while?
O-Okay!
Ah, it's okay now.
I've put on a towel.
Would you like to get in together?
Er, okay...
Hey, Sink...
Yeah?
When will you return here again?
That depends on how long I would stay.
If it's only a couple of days, then I can come during Golden Week.
If it's two weeks or longer, then it'd have to be summer break.
Well, it'll be soon.
It'd be great if your friends could come along next time, too.
Rebecca and Nanami.
Thank you, Princess!
Hey, Sink...
My name...
Hm?
Do you still remember my name?
Of course.
Millhiore Frianno Biscotti, Millhi.
Millhi...
Yes, Sink.
No, I can't...
I can't call you that in front of other people. They'll go after me!
Y-You're right.
Well, it's not that I want you to call me otherwise.
I'll be happy that you'll remember my name and never forget it.
My name is Millhiore. I have a pet name, Millhi.
I'll remember it.
I'll never forget.
But I really feel it's easier to call you Princess!
For example...
Princess, hand!
Here!
Princess, the other hand!
Here!
That's a good girl! Princess, well done! Princess, you're so cute!
It's a simple gesture, but I wonder why I feel so happy!
Oh, I heard that you are going back home. It's tomorrow already?
Yes.
I wanted to thank you and practice with you after Gaul for a bit.
Then, when I visit next time...
I see.
It really is comfortable to be petted by Millhi.
Princess Leo's touch is unique too.
Her Highness is this kind of character?
Well, if it's about age, Princess Leo is slightly older,
Millhi... I want more...
but fundamentally, our princess is the older sister,
Okay!
while Princess Leo is the younger sister, when they interact.
Oh, what?
I'm allowed in here?
Obviously. Why would I bring you if you weren't?
Indeed.
Hey, everyone, Hero Sink has arrived!
Everyone in Frianno Castle, today, as per stated in the emergency notice,
Hero Sink, who has helped save our country from danger, will return to his homeworld tomorrow morning.
Hero Sink's exploits have added much color to the neighbor wars between Biscotti and Galette.
I am sure that everyone knows about this.
Although he'll be going back to his homeworld, he's promised to come back again.
Next up, let's invite the main star of today's Thank you Sir Hero gathering to say a word or two.
Sink, please come forward!
Go on, Hero!
Where I come from, I'm just a normal student.
However, the princess summoned me to Flonyard as a hero,
and then I fought with Prince Gaul and Princess Leo and participated in wars.
Don't forget that I exterminated a demon with the princess, too.
Aside from war activities, Leader of the Knights, Lady d'Arquien,
Captain of the Imperial Guard, Panettone,
Chief Elmar, Captain Rizel, and everyone on the maid's team,
Emilio, and the Knights army...
You have all been so nice to me!
Oh! And the aunt from the canteen!
She always let Rico and me dine at the cafeteria. Thank you!
No problem!
I've had incredible experiences here.
Even when I return to my homeworld, I'll never forget my experience here.
I'll definitely come visit again soon!
If Biscotti and Flonyard face a pinch,
the hero, Sink, will appear no matter when!
In this peaceful Flonyard,
Princess Leo!
everyone's happy laughter is what's most important.
So, I can't just...
A-choo!
Candles...
Promise
