Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
The hero, Sink, suddenly appeared in Biscotti.
Unfortunately, he's unable to return to his homeworld.
Well, it has nothing to do with us!
So we, Genoise, have kidnapped the princess without giving a damn about the situation,
and we even declared war!
All right, it's time I show up!
Prince Gaul! Yay!
OP
All right! Though the heat from the afternoon war hasn't yet settled,
it seems like something big has happened!
The representative of Biscotti, Princess Millhiore, has been abducted!
I, Franboise, as your temporary live host,
am heading to the battleground as fast as I can!
Charge! The War to Recover the Princess!!
Eclair!
Good timing!
This is bad. The princess was kidnapped!
So, I need to rescue her right away -
You... idiot!
That hurt! What's wrong with you?
That's supposed to be my line, you idiot!
The heck are you doing? How can you accept the declaration just like that?!
Wha...
I'm sorry, Amelita.
I didn't tell the hero about the rules regarding the notice for a declaration of war.
Really?
Well, um, don't worry.
We'll bring the princess back!
But will we make it in time?
We can't disappoint the people who were looking forward to hearing the princess sing.
D-Don't worry!
Sir Hero and Eclair have already taken off.
I'll gather the soldiers and move out right away.
You're... Homura?
If you accept the notice for a declaration of war, it'll become an official acknowledgment of war!
It's okay to battle during normal times,
but why choose the time when the princess is about to hold a celebratory dinner party?
There are only one and a half hours before the princess's show begins!
Are you listening, Hero?
I'm listening. I-I really am!
And why can't you even ride a cerkle properly?!
Even if you say that...
Eclair, if you get too angry, your blood vessels might burst.
Eclair, Ricotta, I'm sorry for acting on my own.
In my world, it's serious when bad guys kidnap a princess!
That's why there's no way I can keep silent!
But it'll be okay!
I'll save the princess,
and I'll make sure she's on time for her concert!
Obviously!
Even though I'm weak, I'll try my best!
Right! Thanks, Ricotta, Eclair!
My Lady!
Did you find something interesting?
Oh, Yukikaze.
Seems like there's gonna be a war.
Well, well, it is a great honor to be called forth by you, Prince Gaul.
Well, judging from your looks, I'm sure you haven't had your share of fun today.
You can bet on that.
Although the fortress attack was not bad, my expertise tends to lie with night battles.
Great! Go as crazy as you want.
Hey, have a drink! Eat up!
Yes, sir. I'll take you up on your offer.
Oh, by the way, where is Princess Millhiore right now?
Rouge is taking care of her.
I'm giving her first-class treatment.
I see.
After that... I happen to have a little idea.
Come in.
Excuse me, Princess Mi, sorry to keep you waiting.
I've brought Bano and her family.
Thank you, Rouge!
It's been so long, Bano.
It's good to see that you're healthy.
The kids look great too! What a healthy bunch!
Prince Gaul says that Bano would want to show you how well her kids are doing.
Prince Gaul is so thoughtful as usual.
Thank you very much.
Please don't mention it.
It seems like the war hasn't started.
If you are willing, please talk with Prince Gaul for a bit.
I'll get him to come over right now.
Okay. Please do so, Rouge.
Bano, is your mistress,
Princess Leo, doing well?
We used to travel to each other's countries.
Our friendship was supposed to be wonderful,
but these days she rarely meets with me.
The only topic of conversation that we have is related to war.
Could you tell her, on my behalf, that I am very lonely?
I'd like to wait for the main force, but we've run out of time!
Prince Gaul's men are all elites.
It'll be very difficult to fight so many enemies in the wild.
However, back in previous wars,
there was one who faced armies of over a thousand.
She was a legendary knight who forced her way through a whole army by herself!
You serious?!
Compared to that, we're about to face only a mere hundred enemies.
Right. We've got Rico's support too!
Nothing is impossible!
And we won't make it if we don't strike now!
We'll take the shortest route with the fastest speed!
Front breakthrough!
The ear drooping captain and the hero are really coming head on!
Very well! We'll send them back where they came from!
Archers, be ready with your bows!
We're under attack!
They're using artillery?
Of course!
I am the Chief Science Researcher of Biscotti, Ricotta Elmar!
And on the battlefield, I use artillery.
This is amazing.
Although it's tough to differentiate who is who in this darkness,
I can see that the young knights are fighting hard!
But, my Lady,
this seems to be a war between Biscotti and Galette.
Shouldn't we lend a helping hand?
I'm sure it's just joyful combat between the youngsters.
It wouldn't be nice if adults joined in and spoiled the fun.
Let's just kick back and enjoy the war.
Sorry, Homura. Please deliver this letter to your mistress.
It's very urgent!
Just what I like!
Over there!
Strike!
Hey there, Princess!
Prince Gaul!
Please...
I apologize for the sudden abduction,
but I just happen to have my own plans.
I see.
Sorry, but do allow me to challenge your hero to a fight.
We'll discuss compensation and other troublesome matters later.
Okay. Thank you.
I'll get going then.
Looks like the Captain of the Imperial Guard and the hero are here.
Rico's bombardment has stopped.
That's normal.
I surrender.
Once an artillery user runs into infantry, it's over.
Instead, I'd want to compliment her for lasting this long.
My master, Prince Gaul, has asked to see this so-called Hero.
Follow us to the hall.
This is no longer any of your business, young captain girl!
If you surrender now, I will let you go.
I refuse!
I see. Then,
I'll just make you suffer for a bit!
Hero!
Eclair!
What?
What about you?
Right, listen up...
No, Eclair, you listen up.
I'll stay here! You go on ahead!
I'll stay here! You go on ahead!
Why did you imitate me?
That's my line, you perverted hero!
Whatever, just go! It's dangerous here!
You're more familiar with the inside of the fortress, right?!
How are you able to tackle something difficult like deterring enemies?!
So you should just go!
As if I could let a girl face danger!
Whatever! I'm asking you to go, damn it!
Just leave this place to me!
Enough! Just go!
Why are you so stubborn?!
Damn you kids! Stop fooling around at a time like this!
You're up against me and a hundred soldiers from the Galette Lion Army!
I can't believe they sent a childish hero and a low class practicing knight!
If you can retaliate,
show me!
This sword is...
Sorry about just now!
It's been a long time, Eclair!
I haven't seen you for a while, and you've grown so much!
Lady d'Arquien!
d'Arquien, you say?
Indeed.
Axe General and Sir Hero, this should be the first time we have met.
I am a freelance knight among the Knights of Biscotti,
the Leader of the Onmitsu Squad,
Brioche d'Arquien!
In response to a plea from the Leader of the Knights, Laurent, I'm here to assist in this battle!
Watch out! Behind you!
Crest Power.
Gale Beeline!
Thanks for the help, Sir Hero!
Oh, no problem!
Oh, right, I was still in the middle of introducing myself.
Hm, where was I?
Oh, well. So I'm here to participate in the battle.
Come, let's do it!
Let's fight!
Fireworks?!
Whose idea was that?
I am from the Onmitsu Squad of Biscotti's Knight Army...
Damn it! When did she...
I wish you'd let me finish.
Crest Fist!
Yukikaze Style Attack!
Old style,
Locus...
Chop!
From the Onmitsu Squad of Biscotti's Knight Army,
I am Yukikaze Panettone.
Yuki, we've got the fireworks and the explosives!
Nice job, Rico!
Incidentally, all the soldiers who captured you are now sleeping.
We'll need someone to collect them later.
Well, Rico, let's go assist the Lady and Eclair and the other guy!
Understood, Yuki!
Oh! They're at it!
Let's go out with a big bang!
Understood!
Rico and Yuki Style Bomb!
One Hundred Flower Types!
Eclair, I think... I think something happened!
Shut up and run!
Lady d'Arquien, I'm Eclair Martinozzi!
We've decided to break inside and save the princess!
Okay! Do your best!
Yukikaze and I will take care of things here.
I'll leave the rest to you.
Gaul, that idiot!
He kidnapped her without my consent.
Rouge should be there watching over him,
but it must have been his stubbornness.
I'm really sorry.
How can we allow a country and a feudal lord's command to be harassed by childish games?
So you must be the Hero of Biscotti?
I am Galette's...
It looks like you don't want to listen.
I'm sorry, but I'll listen to your introduction later!
Right now, I'm taking the princess back with me!
No problem, if you can do so.
So, the three fools have finally appeared?
Who are you calling a fool?
The one calling another a fool is a fool herself.
Right! Fool! Fool!
The fact that you three are my opponents gives me a big headache.
As one of the Imperial Guards myself,
allow me, Noir Vinocacao, to take care of this.
And me, Vert Farble!
Eclair, I challenge you to a fair fight!
Well, just that it's three against one!
I, Jaune Clafoutis, will do my best!
I am the Captain of the Imperial Guard from Biscotti's Knight Army,
Eclair Martinozzi.
I will break my way through and proceed forward!
Not bad for a knight.
Wait for me, Princess!
Right now...
Very soon...
I'll definitely save you!
ED
Imperial Guard Captain Kick!
We are Genoise!
Fierce Battle! Myon Castle!
Stay tuned for the next episode.
