OP
ED
Log on to www.ruri-subs.com or visit us at
Fansubbed by Ruri Subs
The Princess Recovery Battle has ended peacefully!
That's worth a celebration.
The most important thing is that the princess's concert went smoothly.
From here on, it'll be happily ever after. At least, I'd love it if that happened.
Right.
Star Reading Princess
After the Myon Castle Battle and the princess's concert,
the Galette Army that had previously remained
has begun to back out too!
And here, at an audience with the princess...
Knights of Biscotti.
None of you gave up despite our continuous losses in the battle,
so the credit of our victory goes to all of you.
Thank you.
Let us proceed with the award presentation.
Leader of the Knights, Laurent Martinozzi, please come forward.
Yes, sir!
They're actually doing this ceremony in order.
Sir Hero, what kind of a country did you think we were?
This is a national affair.
Of course everything needs to be done orderly.
Captain of the Imperial Guards, Lady Eclair Martinozzi.
Yes, sir!
Eclair, thank you for taking care of our hero on the battlefield.
You were also the first person who came to save me just now, right?
No, I was just...
Thank you, Eclair.
I-I'm honored by your blessing.
Eclair is ecstatic.
Because it's a great honor to be patted by the princess.
She looks so happy.
Anyway, that's it.
It's been a few days since Sir Hero came to Flonyard.
Sorry to disturb.
Here you go. It's the usual clippings,
and there's something extra.
Thank you.
Ah, we have refreshments for the knights, too.
Could you help us deliver it?
Sure!
There's also a share for the two of you.
Understood!
This smell...
Today's refreshment is flower honey flavored tart.
Smells good.
So Rico, or even girls in general, really do have a sweet tooth, huh?
I'm not just an ordinary girl. I use my brain a lot.
I need all the sugar I can get!
Whoa!
The hero and the chief are delivering this personally?
Sorry for the trouble.
No problem!
Everyone, the kitchen has provided refreshments.
Let's take a break!
Yes, sir!
Eclair!
We have refreshments!
Oh, I'm all right. I don't need any.
Whoa! That's unusual.
I just want to practice a little more.
Ah, then why don't I help you?
Sounds like a good idea.
Sir Hero, can you assist her once more?
Sure!
Everyone, take a good look!
The hero and the Captain of the Imperial Guards will be fighting!
Yes, sir!
What weapon are you going to use today?
I'll use this today!
I choose a sword!
Show off!
Fine!
Come!
Okay!
Eclair seems to be having fun.
Though it doesn't seem right to compliment my sister this way,
there haven't been any young knights at her skill level.
Since she's found someone on par with her,
it's a good thing for her.
They're about the same age, too.
It'd be great to have Sir Hero as my brother-in-law.
I felt a bad, chilly feeling just now.
Really? I didn't feel anything.
Perhaps you've caught a cold?
You do look like the kind who would reveal her stomach while sleeping.
Y-You dumb hero! Don't touch a knight's forehead so easily!
You idiot! You perverted hero!
They look like they get along well, right?
Looks like it.
Oh! What misfortune!
Don't you think Eclair overreacted?
I've had enough violence.
Oh well. Doggies, please lead the way.
Yuki!
Good afternoon!
Sir Hero!
My lady!
Lady d'Arquien, good afternoon!
Today is a good day to fish.
Since Biscotti was also in a period of uncertainty,
we finished our hunt early and came back as soon as possible,
but it looks like we worried too much.
Sir Hero and Eclair are doing so much, after all.
So, Sir Hero, you seem like a very interesting person.
Huh? Me?
I heard that you just recently arrived in Biscotti,
yet the Knights, Rico,
and the citizens have opened their hearts to you.
Yeah, though Eclair does kick and beat me up sometimes.
No. That must be her showing that she trusts you.
That'd be great if it were true.
I think you've caught something!
You're right!
It's big! It's a big catch!
Must be a big fish!
Yuki, I'm sorry!
Please cook that as well!
Got it!
So, Sir Hero, I heard you're from another world.
Yeah.
So, that means you'll go back to your homeworld one day?
Or would you like to stay here forever?
Oh crap!
I totally forgot about this!
I still haven't found a way to return home!
Huh?
Yuki, what did you just say?
Nothing. I just asked if you wanted to go back.
Heroes who answer the summon are unable to return to their homeworlds.
Though this is the traditional saying.
But then, in distant countries, there were stories about heroes returning after completing their missions.
Really?
Thank you.
I think Rico was investigating this right now.
I see!
You must have a family back in your homeworld, right?
Yeah!
There's my father, mother, some relatives and friends.
I see.
Seems like the fish is cooked.
I'll serve it now!
I'll help out!
That reminds me. I wonder how Becky's doing.
Rebecca? Rebecca?
Rebecca?
You could have at least answered!
Come help me buy some things.
Also, you should really tidy up your room a bit!
It's such a mess in here.
How can you slack so much just because Sink isn't here?
This has got nothing to do with Sink.
Sink, you idiot.
Usually, he'd start texting me in the morning.
Suddenly he stopped doing it. Doesn't he know I'll get worried?
Well, it's Sink, after all.
It'd be good if he was just outside immersing himself in his activities.
Right, I haven't been checking my fortune lately.
Let's see, my star sign is...
It's neither a good sign nor a bad sign.
How about Sink's?
This week's worst?
Terrible luck all the way?
Hey, Laurent.
Yes, Princess?
What has Sir Hero been doing the whole day?
Princess, about that question,
you seem to be repeating it day after day.
I think he should be with Lady d'Arquien right now.
Oh, really?
I wonder if Brioche likes him now.
Yes, she does. The same is true of Yukikaze and the Omitsu Squad.
I see.
Princess, as soon as you're done with this afternoon's lesson, and dinner,
you'll have some free time.
You can have a good chat with the hero then.
Really?
Isn't that right, Leader of Knights?
Yes. In fact, I've notified Sir Hero too.
Thank you, Laurent, Amelita!
Now, let's not keep Leader of Knights waiting.
Let's finish these documents.
All right!
Thank you.
Of course!
Good boys.
Pardon us!
Pardon us, kindly let us through.
They stand out so much when they enter the city, huh?
That's because they look as big as I do.
Well, I'll need to pay the Knight Army Headquarters a visit.
I assume you need to see the princess?
Yeah!
Remember to be polite to the princess.
No problem!
Now then, let's have the princess's maidservant team wash Sir Hero from head to toe!
Begin!
Stop!
Never.
You've been out the whole day.
We need to ensure that you're worthy of appearing before the princess.
I, Rizel Conchiglie, the head maid, will personally see to that.
No, I can wash myself!
There's no point in struggling.
Princess, Sir Hero has arrived.
All right, let him through.
G-Good evening.
Good evening, Sir Hero!
Yes.
It's a bit chilly today, so I've prepared some hot tea for us.
Do you like sweet tea?
I love it.
That's wonderful!
Biscotti's tea sure is tasty.
It smells as good as fresh fruit.
Tea leaves are one of my country's proud products.
It's known as a high-class item in other countries.
That's understandable.
So, um, Sir Hero,
allow me to apologize once more.
I'm really sorry for summoning you.
Oh, no, don't worry about it!
Everyone has been really nice to me, and it's fun.
Really?
Heroes don't lie.
Also, haven't you heard from Rico?
It seems like she's found a way for me to return home.
There's nothing to be worried about.
Okay.
Actually, there's something I would like to ask you about.
Oh, sure.
Why did you choose me as the summoned hero?
Um, well...
Uh, if it's a secret, then I won't ask again.
Well, it's not exactly a secret.
Well...
Yes?
Do you know anything about reading the stars?
Reading the stars?
It's one of the crest techniques.
You can see all sorts of things by using the image disc.
All sorts of things?
Things that are outside the world, for example.
Individually, you can search for things,
or you can look into the future.
Well, I did say you could look, but you can't see very much.
It's not like you can see anything you want to.
I see.
I know a thing or two about reading the stars,
so I try it once in a while,
to see worlds that are far away from Flonyard.
For example, there's a silver-colored battlefield that looks like a castle.
A little boy was there.
He was a golden-haired boy who competed with joy.
Although he was small, he had really swift and powerful moves.
He tried his very best and seemed really honorable.
So I was thinking how nice it'd be if he was my country's hero.
That's what I thought.
Huh? Sir Hero?!
The me that you saw
must have been wearing a black shirt with a fire design, right?
Yes, indeed.
Well, that was the competition that I lost.
The war in my world
is known as a competition called I Am Athletic.
The person who won was a pretty girl who's slightly older than you, right?
Right. She's one of my relatives, and she's my master and rival.
I see. You actually saw all of it.
I'm sorry for spying on you like that.
Oh well, it was on live telecast anyway, so I don't mind.
I lost to Nanami at the finish line.
I cried, right?
I tried so hard, yet I couldn't make it on time.
I was so upset because I couldn't catch up to that two seconds' distance.
I'm not sure if it was because I felt embarrassed,
or because I let down my family and friends who came to support me,
but I just cried and cried.
But those tears that you cried at that moment were beautiful!
They were beautiful, precious tears that came from one who gave it his all.
So, compared to Nanami who won at the end, and all the other people, I feel for you.
Uh! No! I mean I just wanted to summon you as the hero.
I wonder if it's weird.
If you don't mind, you can call me Sink.
Sir... Sink?
Just Sink.
Oh, okay. Um...
Compared to everyone else, I wanted you to come.
I thought it'd be good if Sink could be the hero of our country.
Thank you, Princess.
My apologies, Lady d'Arquien.
I had to trouble you in the end.
That's all right. I've been out of the country during its worst moments for more than a year now.
So if I can just help out with minor things like this...
I knew you weren't the kind to be tied down to a country.
Even now, it's good enough that you can stay in Biscotti temporarily.
That's too much of a compliment!
I'm nothing but a wanderer.
I take it that you'll be going east after this?
Yeah...
What I'm looking for really depends on Yukikaze and the star readings,
so it's really hard to tell.
But I guess I'll try to stay a little longer.
Also, I keep getting the feeling that our neighbor, the Galette Army, is up to no good.
Indeed. Although I can't read the stars,
it's really obvious that the way Galette battles is simply abnormal.
I'm thinking it's more Princess Leo instead of Galette itself.
As much as I don't want to think this way,
this could be related to the monsters,
and if that's the case...
it'll be my turn to join the fight.
So Sink,
tomorrow morning's confirmed!
Right, six o'clock at that back door. Understood.
Princess, are you going on a date with Sir Hero?
I asked him to join me on a morning walk.
Sink doesn't seem to have any problem waking up early.
That's really wonderful.
I bet you're really looking forward to the morning walk.
Indeed!
Having morning walks together...
I wonder if I used to do that with Princess Leo.
Damn! Yet again?
Although the war ended and I returned, nothing has changed!
No, it became worse!
My star reading isn't supposed to be this good.
But why...
why can I see the future so clearly now?
Princess Millhiore, owner of the Excellead, and Hero Sink, owner of the Palladion,
will die in thirty days.
The future within this image disc will not change, no matter what happens.
Not only Millhi, but even the Hero will die!
I don't care if this is fixed by the stars,
like hell will I let this happen!
It's your turn, Clavel!
I don't care if you're divine or from the stars,
but as long as you exist, you can be changed!
Princess Leo made a shocking proclamation to Biscotti and the other countries on that day.
Maidservants! Do your thing.
Yes, ma'am!
Declaration of War
No unnecessary struggle. Excellent.
