24 Hours with Asamori-san Today's release!
I'll buy you!
Rokuhara's first work.
24 Hours The Taiga Betrayal with Asamori-san Recommended Released Games Today
The Taiga Betrayal Recommended Games
24 Hours The Taiga Betrayal with Asamori-san Recommended Released Games Today
Girls Beyond the Wasteland
Zetsubou to kakki wa hitoe Despair and energy are one and the same
Jinsei wa hakanakute Life is short
Kusubutte irarenai We can't stay like this forever
Dakara arukidasou So let's start walking forward
Yukedo hatenai kono michi o What are you moving towards
Nani o hoshite susundeiku On this endless road?
Mizu o motome samayou you ni You won't get anywhere with hope without desire
Yoku no nai kibou ni mirai wa nai As if you're wandering looking only for water
Monogatari no algorithm The pilgrims pursue
Tadoru junreishatachi The algorithm of the story
Mune ni yadoru sono shin'nen ga The faith in our hearts
Death march wo ikinokoru sube Helps us survive this death march
Imagination no flow The imagination flows!
Junsui no mama ja iranai kanaetai dattara You can't stay pure if you want your dream to come true
Furenai unmei wo egakidasou Let's create an impossible fate
Tada matteitatte tsumannai It's boring just waiting around
Sou kanjiteitan janai That's how you felt, right?
Yume wa jibun de ubaitsukamu diamond Your dreams are a diamond you have to take for yourself
Chousen no turn It's our turn for challenge
Jounetsu no zone The passionate zone
Tomo ni tatte Let's stand together
Fumidashite mezasu kouya wo Take our first steps as we aim for the wasteland
Beyond.
At or on the further side of something.
You should have learned that word in middle school.
Combine that with the English word youth for the phrase beyond youth.
Beyond the age of youth.
You are all in the midst of your age of youth.
But what lies beyond that?
Have you thought about what lies beyond youth?
Um!
What?!
No, you guys go first.
No, you say it, Bunta.
No, I'm fine.
What's fine?!
You're weird.
Later.
Y-yeah.
Later!
Bye bye!
Now that I remember, Nakajima made that awesome flip today in gym.
Oh, you're right. That was crazy.
Oh, yeah?
I can't believe he made the landing on that triple twist flip.
That deserved a gold medal.
Look, there's not enough consistency!
What?! There is too!
A consistency called love!
All that needs to be consistent are their lower halves!
Ugh, I'm so done with this.
Um, you heading up to the club room, too, Ando-san?
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Yo.
Tori-chan!
A-are you all going to the club room?
Yeah.
Is it alright if I join you?
Yeah, I mean, we're going to the same place.
Um! Today's really our release date, right?
Huh? Yeah, why?
It just hasn't fully hit me yet.
You too, Tori-chan?!
I haven't felt it yet, either.
Seriously? Me too!
Oh, so everyone's feeling the same way!
I'm like oh man, it's really on sale?
Yeah, yeah!
I know, right?
What're you doing? Open it already!
Huh? Oh, yeah...
Are you nervous, Bunta?
S-shut up! I am not!
Is that so?
Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much.
Umm...
Kuroda-san?
Wh-wha-
What are you doing?! Hurry up and come in!
Um, that just now, was it...
It's just as I predicted.
We have a repeat order.
Huh?
All 3,000 of our initial units sold in an instant.
The shops are making additional orders.
I just finished up with ZEGA, they discussed a proposal for more production.
How much more do they want?
Twice our initial order.
Twice?!
That many?!
They said they'd all sell right away.
So, combining that with the other numbers...
T-that's... nine thousand...
Whoa.
And looking at Typhoon's sales...
They sold out of all 4,000 of their initial order as well.
Huh?
They had more straight from the beginning!
That's so unfair!
S-so we lost.
No, their repeat order is different.
We have a repeat order of 6,000.
Theirs is only 2,000.
Congratulations. We've won.
Yes!
Atomu!
We did it, Bunta!
9,000 versus 6,000, isn't that kinda crazy?
Maybe we're geniuses!
We did it!
Asamori-san is a low-priced game.
Taiga, on the other hand, is a full-priced game.
The price difference may have influenced the difference in sales.
So we had the advantage from the start, just'cause we went with sale numbers?
I didn't know if we would win until today.
This is a direct result from our genuine hard work.
Kuroda-san?
What's up?
What's this?
To celebrate?
It's a cake, right?
Damn, you prepped well for this, Kuroda.
Huh?
Kuroda-san?
Brother!
Wait!
Sorry to interrupt.
Thanks.
Yakiniku Kaifutei
Cheers!
Yakiniku Kaifutei
That hits the spot!
After working hard, you've gotta drink a cold one of these!
That's cola... right?
Yup, cola.
Bunta, cook up some meat! Meat!
Alright, alright.
I wanna have some skirt steak. The top cut.
The top?! Can we really order that?
Then let's do the special cut.
That's even more expensive!
What do you want to eat, Atomu?
I'll have the beef tongue, I guess?
Is the salted beef tongue good? How about you, Yuka?
One order of kalbi!
Then let's get the special cut of all of that!
No, the special cut is too much...
Let's get the special cut.
Are you sure?!
It's way tougher than the top cut!
It's a seriously heavy cut!
What're you talking about?
T-then I'll have the special green onion-stuffed cut.
Torry's way less hesitant than she used to be, huh?
Huh? Y-you think so?
At first you'd be like...
I-I think everything is fine like this...
You said that, right?
Yeah, yeah!
Huh? Whaa? Yeah, yeah!
Huh? Whaa?
Really? I think she was always like this.
Shyness and a lack thereof can coexist.
So you can have your cake and eat it, too?
Either way, it's good that you're more honest.
Just be yourself!
You take that to the extreme, though, Yuka. Just be yourself!
You take that to the extreme, though, Yuka.
What'd you say?!
But man, there aren't many teams out there that make it to the end
with everyone being honest and saying how they feel.
W-what?
For once, we agree.
Hey, I was cooking that!
Give it back!
It's the rules of the wasteland.
If you didn't want me to take it, you should've written your name on it.
The hell?!
C'mon, it's all cooked, so let's eat, okay?
Excuse me, we'd like to put in an order.
Alright, here we are.
Um, one skirt steak, kalbi, beef tongue, and a green onion stuffed...
All special cuts!
Coming right up!
Huh?
What?!
Brother?!
Kuroda's brother?!
Why are you here?!
Why? I work here part time!
At a yakiniku restaurant?
The hourly pay's great.
But what about your debt?
The money you're making will go into your next work.
Thanks to all of you, I've started moving again.
Thank you so much, and...
I'm so sorry.
Please, it's alright.
That's all in the past for us.
Oh, that's right, hold on a sec!
Hopefully this makes up for it a little!
Leaves?!
I want meat! Meat!
I'd like something sweet...
But I just work part-time...
Uh, you could have it if you like.
Huh, me?
Yeah. You seem like a nice guy who'd eat this kinda stuff.
A nice guy?
Crap, he's reopening Atomu's old wounds!
Hey, uh, I'll eat it!
Wow, I love veggies, they're so yummy!
She said she loved me.
She said she loved nice guys.
Nice guys...
I'm sorry my brother was so rude.
That's my kalbi!
It's really juicy'n warm!
Normies?!
Burn'em all! No, cook'em! Cook all the normies alive!
Yay! Cook up that meat!
Atomu, eat, eat! Okay?
Meat!
Man, I ate a lot!
I don't want to see meat for a while.
Me too.
I ate so much meat, there's no way they can call a vegetarian beta, yeah?
Kuroda-san? What's wrong?
No, it's nothing.
This ice cream is great!
I want some, too.
Me too.
Thanks!
Kuroda-san, want some?
I'm alright.
Then I'll take it!
I'm dual-wielding!
The life of luxury.
I'm surprised you're not cold.
You don't get it.
It's'cause it's daring!
I'm still surprised we actually won.
You didn't think we'd win?
No, it's not that.
Perhaps it was more dangerous for us in the long run than just on the day of release.
Asamori-san was written in an easygoing, everyday setting, so people are quick to pick it up.
On the other hand, Taiga is a game with a lot of depth,
so it will continue to sell hundreds of units every month.
Wow.
There may not be many people talking about Asamori-san a year from now.
But Taiga might end up being a work that people are talking about many years down the line.
I've gotta work harder, then.
This is just the beginning for us!
Actually, there was something I wanted to ask you all.
I was thinking of dissolving Rokuhara.
What?
Dissolving?
Why? What happened to making two games?
That's right! You said we would!
It was really fun.
I didn't know that working together with people and making something could be so fun.
No, I should have known.
But it was so much more fun than I'd thought.
That's why...
That's why I want to put an end to everything the past me has done.
And I want to start over again.
I want to make a game from square one.
Why don't we make a game purely for ourselves this time?
Purely for ourselves?
It means exactly what it sounds like.
Instead of worrying about what will and won't sell,
let's make something we really want to make and enjoy making it.
It can be about anything.
Everyone puts in their input and decides on a project.
The deadline will be flexible, and we can really think the quality through.
And of course, this time I'll make sure you're properly compensated.
How about it?
Would you like to make a game with me once more?
No.
I don't want to do it like that.
Hojo-kun.
I can't make a game with you in such a lukewarm manner.
Huh?
Huh? I feel the same way.
I feel the same way.
I don't get why we have to pretend to be friends.
Me too!
Now that I've debuted, my second work is pretty important!
I like having fun, but I dunno if I can handle no schedule.
I thought professionals did their best within their time limit?
But is that what you all want?
This world is a wasteland, isn't it?!
That's why you can't survive just doing what you want.
Only the ones with passion burning in their hearts can grasp their dreams in this cruel wasteland!
Didn't you teach me that, Kuroda-san?
Yes. That's correct.
Let's win.
We'll definitely win next time, too!
Definitely?!
Of course!
I'll work hard!
Hells yeah!
Thank you.
Let's all work hard together.
Okay! So let's do a BL game th-
No!
What? Why? You meanie.
Mitsuteru-san Calling
Hello?
Buntarou, did you hear the numbers?
Yes. We won, I heard.
About that.
Taiko-san's already started complaining about it.
Are you freakin' kidding me?!
Why me?!
She's making a big fuss about having to bow down to high schoolers.
Do you think it'd be alright if I was the only one who-
No. I'm really looking forward to Taiko-san bowing down to us.
You're more of a sadist than I thought.
Please. I'm begging you!
Hmmm... huh?
Hello, this is Kuroda.
About picking someone to join them.
How about you never ask that of us again?
Right. Then you owe us one.
Making people owe you is the best feeling ever.
Um, well, that's what my boss says, so I guess that settles it.
Alright.
But all things aside, if you look at the script itself, I win, right?
We won by units!
I read a bunch of reviews, and mine had much higher ratings!
We still won our competition!
But I won the game, yeah?
I have no idea what you're talking about, Ohgi-san!
No, I'm the one who doesn't understand you!
But there was a ridiculous ending to our battle. No, I'm the one who doesn't understand you!
But there was a ridiculous ending to our battle. No, no, no...
But there was a ridiculous ending to our battle.
PC game sales rankings
A few days later, I checked the sales rankings on a big online store.
But the results were...
ChuChu.com What are you looking for?
Games
1st Wear LOVE: It feels best when you're wearing me! 2nd 24 Hours with Asamori-san 3rd The Taiga Betrayal
1st: Wear LOVE: It feels best when you're wearing me?!
What kind of game is that?
It's a sexy battle game where the main character gets turned into a suit of armor by a curse
and protects the heroine while also fighting evil.
Sounds boring.
That was written and produced by Hosokawa-san.
I hear it sold 20,000 copies.
And it's hard to find in stores.
Are you kidding me?
Computing Weekly
The game writer Hosokawa is huge in the media.
All about Hosokawa
His game quickly got an anime adaptation,
and of course a manga and novel adaptation, and also a movie,
Games are like parfaits!
and an idol group was born from the project.
Another big project from producer and writer Blooters!
The world had a Hosokawa Fever like no other.
Signing Event
Hosokawa-san?
Hello?
Heyo, Hojo!
It's been a while.
Things are kinda crazy, huh?
For various reason, I'm gonna have to fade away for a bit!
Sorry if it causes trouble for ya!
Buh-bye!
Huh? Hey!
Yes, hello?
Hello, this is Kawakoshishi Productions. Yes, hello?
Hello, this is Kawakoshishi Productions.
Is Hosokawa-san there?
Huh? No.
This is the Kawakado Editing department, is Hosokawa-san-
I don't know.
Is Hosokawa-san-
No.
Is Hosokawa-san-
No!
Hosokawa-san-
He's not here.
Hosokawa-san got a bit uppity and took on too many projects, then suddenly deflated,
and the Hosokawa Fever met its demise as quickly as it'd begun.
Scary... and the Hosokawa Fever met its demise as quickly as it'd begun.
and the Hosokawa Fever met its demise as quickly as it'd begun.
Then...
As for us...
How much longer?
Graduation Plans
You're the only one who hasn't turned it in.
Hojo-kun?
Kuroda-san, I thought you'd already gone up to the club room.
I was talking with our teacher.
Then let's head up together.
Hold it! You can't leave until you finish this!
Sorry, sorry.
Here.
Did you do it right?
Yeah, I was serious about it!
I-I'm gonna check it, okay?
Employment Plans I'm still looking for one.
What's Hosokawa-san going to do from now on?
I don't think he's going to work for anyone for a while.
Trying to restore your name to what it was once it's gone down is really difficult.
That's the wasteland for you.
But suddenly returning and working as if nothing happened is also part of the wasteland.
Getting inspiration!
We'll continue on.
Yuka Come up to the roof!
Marching forth in this land where there's no place for lip service.
I don't know what'll make us keep on...
Or what's waiting for us in the distance...
But no matter how reckless...
Even if we don't know when it'll fall apart...
No matter what little seams we tear apart...
Even so...
Atarashii sekai tobikome mirai ga yonderu Jump into the new world, our future is calling
Yasashiku yorisottettai I want to gently be by your side
Kimi no yume ouensasete Let me support you and your dream
Chotto jiman dekiru mono Someone who doesn't have
Nan ni mo motteinakute Anything they can be proud of
Ki ga tsuitara shita bakari On cloudy days when they realize
Mitsumeteta no cloudy days They've only been looking at the ground
Sonna uyamuya shiteiru I want to change
Futoumei na kimochi wa ne That wavering, murky feeling
Jibun datte ni kaete hoshii Into a shout of I can do it!
Hajimete zukushi de When I'm first starting out
Tomadoi darake dakedo I'm full of so many doubts
Watashi mo onaji da yo It's the same for me, too
Atarashii sekai tobikome mirai ga matteru Jump into the new world, our future is waiting
Hikari ni mitasareta toki motomete Pursue a moment full of light
Gamushara ni ikeru shunkan sono saki ima da yo The present awaits us after this frantic moment
Yasashiku yorisottettai I want to gently be by your side
Dakara issho ni ganbarou So let's all work hard together
