And finally, I'll sprinkle on some herbs...
Yes, come in!
Good morning, Shirayuki!
Here, I brought it over freshly baked.
Oh, that looks delicious!
I'll put it here.
Mine is done, too.
Oh, that smells good! I'm sure I'll feel great after eating it!
Your skin will be smoother, too!
That'd be nice!
Are you getting used to living in Clarines?
Yes. I thought I'd start looking for a job today.
That's a good attitude.
Those who don't work don't eat, right?
Right!
Well, have a good day!
Thank you!
This is the capital of the kingdom of Clarines, Wistal.
Because of my unusual red hair,
the prince of Tanbarun wanted to force me to be his concubine,
so I left the country where I was born and raised
to start a new life by myself in this neighboring kingdom.
I was about to go along with the flow of fate,
but Zen, the second prince of Clarines, lent me his strength.
This is the country I've settled in...
The town I've settled in...
The road I've settled on.
Episode 2: Following the Sound of Your Heart
Gardener... painter... carriage repair factory worker...
I don't see it...
For now...
Herbalist?
Yes, I'd like to work as an herbalist.
Hmm...
Unfortunately, we don't need anyone right now.
However... you, huh?
You can't judge based on looks.
What would you do if your regular customer heard you?
I know, I know.
Sorry'bout that.
They have so many rare medicinal herbs that I can't get a hold of back home.
Not only that, but they also have types that I've never seen before.
Thank you for waiting.
Is this what you were looking for?
Is he your regular customer?
Yes, he's still young, but he's a respectable court herbalist.
Huh? Court...?
That's right, herbalist.
I'm sure you already know this,
but only the most knowledgeable and skillful herbalists can become court herbalists.
Clarines is a country with deep pockets that will support any talented persons.
That's amazing. Clarines is very advanced in the study of medicines.
Here's information on becoming a court herbalist.
If you pass the test that's held once a year,
you'll be able to work in Wistal Castle as an apprentice.
Oh, thanks for coming!
If you're an herbalist, why don't you try taking the test?
Well, it is pretty difficult, though.
Stop!
Excuse me, I'm here to see Kiki or Mitsuhide from the royal guards...
C-Could you be...?
My apologies. We have been informed that you are a guest of Prince Zen's.
Shirayuki!
P-Prince Zen!
U-Um... What are you doing, Zen?
Just getting a little exercise.
Can't have my body getting soft with all that deskwork I've been doing.
In other words, you snuck out when you were supposed to be doing deskwork?
Yeah, well.
I hadn't seen your face in a while, either.
I could finally see you, Shirayuki.
Prince Zen! Where are you?
You must've come here for a reason, right, Shirayuki?
Uh, yeah. You told me to tell you when I was going outside of town, right?
That's why-
-All right, let's go! Right now! -Huh?
Hey, you guys, make something up to tell Mitsuhide for me.
Y-Yes, sir!
Oh, excuse me!
Prince Zen! Where are-
Mount Koto?
Yeah.
The mountain beyond the sea, huh?
What are you going to a place like that for?
I heard that a lot of medicinal herbs grow there.
I want to stock up and study more about medicine,
so the town pharmacist told me of a few promising places.
Oh, study? But aren't you already an herbalist?
Yeah, but there's still a lot I don't know.
I have to learn more and more!
Then, I'll bring you to the forest here tomorrow.
Really?
Yeah.
Thanks!
Clarines is a nice place.
Huh?
It's very charming.
It's bright red.
Hey Mom, why's it so red?
That lady's hair is bright red!
Why? Why?
Shh! Stop it. Eat your food quietly!
Jeez...
It looks delicious, like an apple, doesn't it?
Yeah!
I wanna eat it!
Hey Mom, I want to eat an apple now! Let's go eat one!
O-Okay...
Yay! Apple, apple...!
Wow, it's so busy!
It's because people from different countries come and go here.
All the different cultures are mixed together.
Oh? Prince Zen!
Hm?
I just got some good wine. How about it?
Not today. I'll come back.
Yes, sir.
Do you know him?
He's a wine seller I met before in town.
I've bought souvenirs for my soldiers from him ever since.
Really?
Zen, why do you keep escaping from the castle?
Huh?
Prince Raj of Tanbarun always orders his servants
to bring the things he wants to the castle.
I heard he gets upset when they don't bring him what he wants,
and everyone's sick of it.
That's easy to imagine.
You said earlier, didn't you? That this country was charming.
Yeah.
I think so, too.
I feel like there are still mountains of charm that I haven't discovered yet.
That's why I want to see more, to learn more.
Good herbs are needed for good medicines.
Hm?
Good land is needed for good herbs.
I want to learn more about this land and the herbs that grow here.
We're kind of similar, aren't we?
The ship's leaving!
Oh, I need to get on!
The ship's leaving!
I hope you find some good herbs!
Thanks. I'll be back before dark!
Did you see that red hair?
Yeah, that's unusual...
I'm sure we'd get a good price for it!
I can make some good medicines with this...
Nice to meet you.
You seem to be in high spirits.
Because the escape today was worthwhile.
Glad to hear it.
Then, you can do the rest of the deskwork in high spirits, too, right?
Shirayuki's working hard, too...
All right!
The Shirayuki Effect is amazing.
You're awake?
I'm Mihaya.
Do you remember me greeting you at the bottom of the mountain?
Was it such an innocent thing as a greeting?
Do you have business with me?
If not, I wouldn't be talking to you.
What do you think about something a prince couldn't even get his hands on?
No matter who it's presented to, it should bring in a huge reward, don't you think?
What...?
For example, a red-haired girl born decorated with natural jewels... or something.
Are you saying you're going to sell me?
How vulgar! I said, presented.
There are tons of rich people with strange tastes.
Why would you even think of something like that?
Well, I could also wait until it grew out.
It wouldn't be too bad to keep you by my side until then...
What do you think, Red?
What? Shirayuki's not here?
No, I brought bread to her room this morning, but she wasn't here...
There was no light in her room last night, either.
I wonder what in the world happened to her...
Huh?
Here's some food. You wanna eat, don't you?
Damn it!
You little-
Did she saw away at the rope all day?
What's up with her?
It's no good.
Oh, found you.
I have the keys...
There was no way out, was there?
Why is he on the second floor?
Just so you know, you're in the middle of a mountain, Red.
Even if you could get out, do you think you could escape by yourself?
I can't stop here.
That's why you should try someone else!
Did you decide to stop running, Red?
Not really...
Then you won't complain if I catch you, right?
Please, work!
Damn it!
Wh-What the...?
I burned herbs with paralyzing effects,
so the feeling in your body should be numbed for a while.
Please rest well!
If he was on the second floor earlier because he didn't want me going up there...
Then there's a way out!
There are no bars!
Sorry to make you wait.
Unfortunately, this is it for you.
Those herbs earlier didn't really have that much of an effect, either.
You can't escape from me on this mountain.
You know what? If you run away now, someone else'll probably just come after you.
It'd be safer if you just gave yourself to some noble or royalty.
You'd be protected and live in luxury.
Don't you think that'd be a good way to go?
Don't you, Red?
I'm not interested in that path!
That's why I'll bring you with me!
Who's there, bastard?
Hey, Shirayuki.
Wasn't this supposed to be a day trip?
Zen...
Are you hurt?
Oh, no. I'm fine.
I see...
You had a guard, huh...?
What the heck? I was planning to take that job for myself wherever I presented her
and make some money while I was at it.
You thought about that, too?
Yeah. This mansion used to be my house.
Our vacation home from when we were still nobility.
No wonder you knew it so well.
Now, I can only live in hiding like a stray dog.
In the past, this was a pretty gorgeous house, though.
Social status and family name can be swallowed up by darkness in a second.
People like you who wear nice clothes and act all elegant
will have nothing left if you lose your fortune.
Just wait until you're covered with filth.
But I won't live like this any longer.
I don't care how, but I'm gonna make money no matter what it takes.
That was when I thought I could use you, Red.
Shut up.
I don't have any desire to know how this girl looks in your eyes.
Shirayuki is not here to be used as anyone's tool.
Your name's Shirayuki?
Don't soil her name!
What the heck? Are you her dad or something?
Her dad...?
Shirayuki, was there anyone with this man?
Huh? I wonder...
I didn't see anyone else.
If he's by himself, we can just take him down the mountain...
Even if we don't escort him all the way to the castle,
we can just hand him over to an official at the bottom of the mountain.
Castle? Who in the world are you?
What's your name?
Zen.
Zen...?
Zen, as in...
I'm Shirayuki's friend.
Excuse me!
Please use this on that man's injuries.
Hey, Red. Where is the place you said you wanted to go by yourself?
Huh?
Come on, let's go!
Start walking!
From what the officials said, that Mihaya didn't seem to be connected to any bandits.
Yeah.
But just in case, I'll be more careful of my surroundings for a while.
Yeah.
Zen, are you angr-
No.
Then, will you look this way for just a little bit?
Ten seconds!
Zen, you came to find me... words aren't enough, but...
Thank y-
Five seconds was enough.
More than enough.
It's true that I was a little angry.
Huh?
Not at you.
It's hard to explain, but it was more at myself...
It was fun just learning more about things outside the castle.
But after learning about them, I wonder about what I can do...
Zen...
Shirayuki, what that mountain monkey asked you when he left that you didn't answer...
The place you decided to go by yourself...
Oh, the reason I decided to come to this country...
I want to see how you live in this country,
and the place where I'll be able to do that is where I've decided to go.
I hope I can see you from that place, too.
Huh?
Shirayuki, I want to say thanks, too.
Thanks for being unhurt.
This is the country I've settled in...
The town I've settled in...
The road I've settled on.
Even if I end up at a standstill,
because it's the place I chose for myself,
I'm sure a dazzling wind will blow at my back.
Zen, your country is great, after all.
The girl has expectations and will take advantage of you.
I decided to go for it, so I came to tell you.
Oh? So that red-haired girl is Prince Zen's friend, huh?
Episode 3: Shining Time of Promise
It is a vulgar color...
