I want to see how you live in this country,
and the place where I'll be able to do that is where I've decided to go.
I hope I can see you from that place, too.
Zen...
Shirayuki?!
Wait, I'll come down.
Zen! I'll go to you!
Here!
I can't believe you knew I was here.
Oh, I saw you walk by from below.
But I thought you'd already gone.
You called out my name, didn't you?
I heard you.
Did something happen?
Yeah, kind of.
I see...
I look forward and repeat my desires in my heart...
How do I want to be in the places where my voice can reach...?
Episode 7: Let Me Hear the Melody of Your Smile
Shirayuki, what happened?
Is it about my brother?
Please tell me what my brother did when he summoned you.
I think he was giving me a warning.
Like he was telling me to think about whether I was in a position to be with you.
I see. That's why he acted that way at the tea party...
Sorry.
Why?
You know, the only thing I can't feel toward my brother is hostility.
Okay.
Th-That's it?
He said something terrible to you after he made me leave the room, didn't he?
That man has no mercy.
Even if he did, that doesn't mean I'd want you to go beat him up.
Oh, shoot...
Huh?
I let go without thinking, but I wanted to stay in that position a little longer...
Shirayuki, will you hear me out?
About me...
Zen...
My brother was always in front of me.
That's right. Lord Brother was always in front of me.
When my brother turned 17...
A birthday present...?
A castle would be nice.
At the border of Lido and Sui territories.
Lido and Sui? Aren't they famous for having the two feuding lords?
Are you thinking of mediating between them, your highness?
Who cares about that?
Th-Then why would you want a castle there?
It just looks like a nice place to build a castle.
It took a while before the young me realized the meaning behind those words.
In order to ingratiate themselves with my brother,
The lords of Lido and Sui started sending him money and goods...
I thank you for your kindness.
Before long, retainers from both men had come to talk with him in secret.
In order to send you funds for your castle,
the lord of Lido has been trying to take more from the people.
It is the same in Sui...
Please, stop doing this!
Ask your masters.
Your highness!
Soon, rumors had spread around the castle about my brother-
That he had thought of a new game.
You look dissatisfied, Zen.
I heard that the lord of Sui banished that retainer.
Sounds like it. The one from Lido hasn't been coming around lately, either.
I wonder what happened.
What do you mean, I wonder?!
More importantly, Zen, why don't we go see how my castle is going?
Huh?
Let's make some stops on the way.
Saying that, he went to visit the two lords, and let me hear him telling them the same thing.
Did you know that the other lord is using his people's money
to try to ingratiate himself with me?
Don't you think that's foolish?
What good will he be to me if his people are weakened?
Oh my, that's...
Thinking this was a good chance because the prince thought less of his rival,
the two lords stopped overtly extorting money and turned to more unlawful means.
That was what my brother was waiting for.
He investigated the crimes of the two lords and the people they were dealing with secretly
and got rid of all of them.
Lords who let their people rot should just be attacked and killed in the shadows.
Both lords lost their positions.
After that, my brother appointed the two former retainers as their successors.
I've been taking care of them at the castle for you.
And he returned the vast amounts of tribute he had received from the two lords
to be used as funds for the two lands.
My brother had not touched any of it.
I apologize, Lord Brother.
I thought you were using the lords as a means of amusement.
I wasn't?
I was having fun, though.
I wonder if they will hold a grudge against you?
I wonder. They might come and attack me someday.
Lord Brother!
If I don't have anyone to be my shield when that time comes,
then that was all I was as a man.
Zen.
If you do not make those around you recognize you as the king's son,
you will not become aware of it yourself.
This person... This man was going to become the king of Clarines.
I wanted to become someone who could stand next to this person.
I wanted that with everything I had.
Sorry, it's gotten pretty late.
It's okay.
Oh right, Shirayuki. There's one more thing I needed to talk to you about.
To me?
Raj said something outrageous at the tea party.
Wh-What?
Th-That I...
Hm?
I don't think anyone took him seriously,
but it might be uncomfortable for you.
From now on, everyone will be wondering about you.
I can stay in the castle!
What about you, Zen? What about Laxdo?
Don't worry, those guys will recover.
Zen...
I'll be fine, too.
As long as I remember I just shouldn't shrink from it.
The situation is easy to understand, you know?
Really easy.
Right?
Zen?
If the people around are watching, then you should just do as you please.
Yeah.
It won't be easy to stick to that position for everything.
You'll make mistakes.
I'm sure you know that, too.
I'll do the same.
Someone will always be on your side.
Shirayuki and the prince?!
All right!
You're too loud.
But those two don't seem like more than friends...
Well? Where did you hear about this hot information?
I heard from the guys who were on guard at the tea party.
They said Prince Raj from the kingdom next door said so, but...
Prince Raj...
I wonder what kind of person he is?
It looks like he knows Shirayuki and the prince, but...
Next is... th-the tour of the medical buildings, huh?
You do not look well...
D-Don't worry!
Anyway, they look wonderful!
The best medicine is made in the best buildings, right?
Tanbarun could learn from this!
Right, Sakaki?!
Y-Yes...
I am honored by your kind words.
Well then, please step inside-
No, that's quite all right!
I would not want to get in the way of your work.
Please do not worry.
I was ordered by Prince Izana to show you around.
I appreciate your consideration.
Excuse me for a moment.
Sakaki, you check it out first!
What do you mean?
Try to understand!
Didn't they say that girl was working as an herbalist?
What'll I do if we run into each other?!
That's true. We shouldn't cause her more problems than we already have.
Anyway. Nothing good will come of us meeting again.
I'm sure Shirayuki feels the same way.
Um, Prince Raj? Is something the matter?
P-Please excuse me.
Ahem.
You get it, right?
Yeah...
Well, let us quickly embark on our tour!
Sakaki!
Right away, sir.
This place is fine.
What wonderful facilities!
Um... That's the storage room.
Storage room!
This place is fine, too.
W-Wow! This is too wonderful!
Um, that's...
Do you think you can finish by the evening?
Yes, sir.
That's the end of the checks, then.
Thank you very much.
These past few days have felt really long, huh?
Be quiet.
Kiki, what's after this?
Just seeing Prince Raj off.
I see.
I'll see you in a bit, then.
Have fun.
Don't be too late.
Master!
Are you going to see the Miss?
No, Shirayuki's working right now, isn't she?
Oh, right. Have you seen my brother?
No, did you have business with him?
I wanted to have a little talk.
It's finally over...
Please don't relax just yet.
We're not leaving the castle until this evening.
I know!
-Ow... -Again?
I'm not faking it!
I've been expending too much mental energy recently, so my stomach hurts.
You should have said so earlier.
Like I could have!
I couldn't stand it if those Clarines guys thought of me as a weakling!
Is that so? Then I will go get medicine, at least.
D-Don't tell them it's for me!
As you wish.
All that's left is to bring this to the treatment room, right?
Yeah.
I'll take it over then.
Thanks.
I wonder if Shirayuki is all right...
The girl close to Prince Zen?
The girl with the bright red hair.
Oh, her.
It sounds like it hasn't been set in stone yet, though.
You never know. She seems to be close to Mitsuhide and Kiki, as well.
It is exactly as Zen had said.
It might be uncomfortable for you.
But Zen, this place is...
Lord Brother, I would like to speak with you.
Lord Brother...?
Zen, let's spar a little.
Right now?
I want to move around.
Following that prince around makes my shoulders stiff.
Besides, you aren't just here to chat, are you?
Go ahead. Start talking.
Why are you treating Shirayuki as a nuisance before trying to get to know her?
Because I'm too busy to slowly observe a single girl!
You're so busy that you will reach a decision without knowing anything?
You've learned to speak up, huh?
It is because of the subject matter.
That's my point.
See? I didn't need any time to figure out how hard you'd fallen for her.
Well, leaving that aside, this has nothing to do with your heart.
There are other girls who have more political worth.
People will expect the girl to be more than just her red hair,
and once they realize there is nothing more, they will look at you with cold eyes.
You seem to be doing badly today, Zen.
It's fine.
That girl is good at acting to break down preconceptions.
That's annoying.
Come, let's go back.
Lord Brother!
I do not think meeting Shirayuki will prevent me from reaching my true path!
Then leave her behind.
Like I would.
Even though you were by his side, he brought in a nuisance.
I think it's because I was by his side, though.
You have also become impertinent.
It looks like our master said something impertinent, huh?
Then he's showing his true nature, huh?
What is that man doing?
Is he waiting for a hole to open in my stomach?
I-It looks like you're working hard in Clarines.
It seems like this is a nice place.
Thank you.
E-Excuse me.
Is something the matter?
D-D-Don't worry about me...
Is this medicine?
Yes, but...
What, they just had you bring the medicine?
Wh-Why are you opening that?!
Huh? Isn't this what I asked for?
No, it's not! I didn't hear anything about it.
I told him not to say it was for me!
I'm taking it!
That's topical medication! For wounds!
Wh-? It wasn't stomach medicine?
You can't drink it!
That was close...
I can't say too much because I just had it lying around.
But you are a prince, and this is the castle of another country.
You need to take responsibility for taking care of yourself.
Even though my being a prince doesn't help you at all.
I can't believe you can say something like that.
Then, please become someone that I can be glad is the prince of my home country.
Th-That's rude!
It might be rude, but that is what I desire, as someone born in Tanbarun...
Are you serious?
I-I know that without you telling me!
Your highness! Please do not wander around by yourself!
It's because you were slow!
Where's the medicine?
They want to see how you are before prescribing anything.
Shall I accompany you to the treatment room?
No, thank you!
Please wait!
I can't wait anymore! It's because you were so slow!
The chief herbalist will get mad at me...
No, she won't.
Because I saw the whole thing.
I think you'd be better off with Raj, though.
You'd dislike being in a country with a man like me around, right?
Prince Izana...
I have no intention of going back to Tanbarun.
Really? That's too bad.
You won't back off?
I will not back off.
You won't avert your eyes, huh?
Well, princess? Have you come to dislike it?
No, I never will!
It's the country where I met Zen.
What strange children.
She won't show up at the send off, right?
Huh?
Is something the matter?
Sakaki, bow once toward the castle for me.
What?
It's fine, just do it!
I can't leave like this!
Right...
The path I've reached...
The flag hanging as a guidepost...
My steps that continue forward...
As we hold hands...
That wind will never stop blowing through!
His back, eyes, and heart were still young...
Prince Zen...
Back then, I didn't know anything about the burden he bore...
Episode 8: Memories Draw Spirals of the Past...
