Atri...
A warm room, delicious food, friends who cherished you...
You had all that just because you were born as royalty in this country...
I thought that was ridiculous from the bottom of my heart, Prince Zen!
No matter what you think of me...
I'm still looking for answers...
Atri!
It might've been better... if you hadn't been a prince...
We all, at any given time, desire real connections with others...
On this path that we cannot stop walking on...
For something to stir us up from the depths of our hearts...
That is what we are looking for...
Episode 9: Feelings that Connect and Reach
Uh-oh...
How is Shirayuki?
She's awake.
She looks like she's still a little drunk.
Yes, she does.
I'll be finishing up work in the office, so sorry, but please look after her, Obi.
Well, I don't mind.
How are you feeling, Miss?
Huh?
Yes?
Excuse me. Chief herbalist, is Obi here?
He wasn't in the room?
I had him look after Shirayuki...
Look after her? Did something happen?
Uh, no, just...
She passed out after I had her drink some strong liquor as a joke...
Shirayuki really couldn't hold her liquor...
So, I'm having her rest until she sobers up.
In the room?
Hm?
Shirayuki was not there, either.
Huh?
Instead, I found a note to Zen...
Hm... well... was Obi with her?
Of course.
Well if she's with someone authorized by the prince, then it should be fine.
Hey! Are you sure you're all right walking around?
Huh? That girl is down there right now.
Hm?
You know, Prince Zen's fiancee...
Huh? Where?
So she's the one?
Her red hair is so unusual.
Well, it's not like there's a need to hide...
Jackets, household medicines they were running out of...
No, wait...
I can't ride a horse...!
A horse?
That's right. Mitsuhide let me ride with him before...
Heh, if I had an older brother, I think he'd be like Mitsuhide...
-She sure is drunk... -Wait, what I need right now is a horse... A horse...!
-A horse? Why a horse? -A horse... A horse...
Miss, are you thinking of going to Tanbarun or something?
Oh, it's Lord Haruka!
Why aren't you looking?
Like he'd be there so conveniently.
It's not like I can take my eyes off you, either.
Were you guarding me today after all?
Um, thanks.
It would've been better if the master did it, though.
What? It wouldn't have been better?
If I borrowed the prince for a day, then Lord Haruka really would be angry.
O-Oh, yeah, that's true...
Miss.
Hm?
Damn, did he notice me?
Oh well, I'll just finish today's report...
Will you wait here for a sec?
S-Sure...
Wh-?!
Red. There was contact. The sun set with no wind blowing.
Red... That's Shirayuki.
Does there was contact mean she saw Prince Zen?
Looks like you didn't see anyone else observing her today, huh?
Who hired you?
Wh-What are you talking about?
That tube was lying on the floor, so I was just throwing it away...
Oh? Well, why don't we have the palace guard listen to the rest of your story?
Obi!
Then, please excuse me.
That's a strange way to gather companions.
It's taken a long time, but well, you are the ones who will have a hard time.
Yes, sir.
A-Are you okay?
More okay than you, Miss.
You heard from the master, right? That people would come investigate you in swarms?
It's not like they'll gain anything from doing that!
Well, I'm sure there are folks who can't give up that easily.
Miss, can I ask what you think of what the master is doing as a prince?
I think... it's very much like Zen...
Really? And that's good enough?
Indeed, it is.
He acted proud even when we had just met-
He loves his country-
He has Kiki and Mitsuhide-
Zen's always been a prince, and there are people who act because of that, right?
When I gave you permission to leave the grounds by yourself,
I did think of the possibility that you wouldn't come back.
Forgive me.
It's not just Miss Kiki and Mitsuhide.
I think you being here is also a part of who he is as a prince.
That prince... What good would come of me defeating him?
H-Huh?
I can't laugh at that...
Miss?
Of all things, I just keep hearing about how Zen is made fun of because I'm with him.
I'm adding to his worries-
Miss!
What are you so angry about?
E-Even though I've already decided where I want to be,
I'm mad at myself for not knowing how to get here!
Like with the punishment for Laxdo...
Well then, Zen, why don't we remove Laxdo from your jurisdiction for six months?
Even if it's been bothering me, what good would come of me going there?
I see, so you were trying to go to Fort Laxdo?
That's why you were talking about jackets and medicine and a horse.
Z-Zen only said that everything's fine.
Even though he was making a fist as he said it...
Trying to act cool...
We're back to talking about the master...
You seem to be regularly equipped with trying to act cool, too, Miss.
If you don't how to act, why don't you go looking for it?
Rather than languishing by the window, you're the type to take action, right?
I don't know about going at it alone like you were trying to just now, though.
I mean, there was a suspicious person around.
Yeah... you're right...
Like the master, she's the type to rush in on her own if no one's around to stop her.
She probably doesn't realize that when she's by herself.
If you really want to go, I'll take you to Laxdo.
But I already went and came back, you know.
Huh?
The master and the others seemed concerned about it,
and the people at the fort did take care of me while I was there,
so I stopped by to see how they were doing when I got permission to leave the castle.
And so, here.
This is the sekko plant, which only grows under snow.
Sounds like a rare herb.
That lil' guy, Shuka, was it? He's the one who picked it.
Shuka did...?
And this is a report of the progress of everyone's condition.
Wow, it's so detailed...
Does it look like it'll help?
Yeah, I'm sure of it. It'll connect to the next thing.
Oh, you got over here so easily...
I told you, I'm not thinking that deeply about it.
It's true that you're like a wild animal, though.
Wild animal?
They asked me to pass on some messages, too.
There were so many that I forgot them, though.
But they all said,
We'll work hard!
together.
I see... Yeah.
I have to work hard, too.
Thanks, Obi!
Me?
All right, let's go back.
Oh, no...
Hey, Miss!
Whoops!
This again? Oh, dear...
Just watching you all is interesting...
I'm just a spectator, though.
Up we go!
People act because of him, huh?
I picked a troublesome place to spectate...
I have returned.
Kiki, you're late.
Zen, look at this.
What is it?
When I went to see how they were doing, I found this.
I'll be back.
Oh, also, Kiki, did that get made?
Hey, wait, Zen!
He's going to find Shirayuki.
Shirayuki? Did something happen?
What did that note say?
That note was from Obi.
Apparently, Shirayuki was drunk and couldn't come back.
So that's why he was in such a hurry...
Shirayuki was drunk? Is she all right?
Obi was with her, and Zen's going, too, so I'm sure it's fine.
I see. That's true.
I'm glad she came to join us.
It's been a month since I've been outside, huh?
Yes, sir. I thought I'd give this to you once your house arrest was over.
It came from that boy's arrow.
Because... he doesn't have a grave.
Atri...
In the end, I thought there was something off about Atri...
I did, as well.
I wanted to believe...
I wanted to try and believe...
Prince Zen, you are a prince of this kingdom.
There will definitely be someone you can trust among the people you meet.
If you prioritize your suspicions, no one would be able to follow you.
You should learn who your allies are first,
before being caught up trying to find your enemies.
I do not think you need to rush anything.
As a prince of Clarines, you should learn what is important,
one by one, without cutting any corners.
I am still inexperienced,
but I will stay by your side and become a man you can rely on.
Please allow me to protect you.
Mitsuhide!
He used my name...
I will become one, too.
Become what, sir?
Yes, I will become a master his attendants can be proud of.
That's what I'd like to say, anyway. But first-
I'll become stronger!
Yes, Prince Zen!
Prince Zen, huh...?
What's with that gross laugh?
Gross?
Well, I was just remembering how Zen said I was being too stiff when I called him Prince Zen.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
By the way, what was the other thing you gave Zen? Not the note.
Zen told me to get it.
That was...
Master!
Y-You little-
I thought you'd be in the medical wing...
Don't wander around!
I was looking for you!
Is she sleeping?
Yes. It looks like she still has alcohol in her system.
I heard from the palace guards that you caught someone suspicious?
Yes. He appeared to be investigating Shirayuki.
It's just as you and the others said, Master.
Shirayuki said she felt like she was being watched recently.
A little while ago, she would have tried to do something about it herself, though.
Shirayuki was trying to go to Laxdo?!
It's a little far, though, so it ended with a walk.
I see. I made her worried.
Why don't you just go back together?
When you're busy, six months will fly by.
So, I had no choice but to go outside and give her a piggyback ride.
I didn't say anything, did I? Why are you telling me already?
You looked like you were going to snap at me.
I was not!
But even though I said she could send you away,
in the end, she didn't.
Obi-
Good job.
Um, well, I had a close call, though...
You did?
Well, you were up against Shirayuki.
If she had reason to, she would send even me away, I'm sure.
I'm glad this won't go to waste.
What is it?
My identification?
It was just issued.
Messenger for Clarines' Second Prince. That's your title.
Is that all right? To give me something like this so easily?
It wasn't easy.
It was the result of learning what was important, one by one, as a prince of Clarines.
Hm?
It's because I believe...
Master, your eyes are a beautiful color...
Stop messing around!
Why did you make me your messenger rather than Shirayuki's guard?
That's the important part.
Of course, that won't be your only job, though.
In other words, it's a restraint.
Since I'll be by Shirayuki, if anything happens to Shirayuki, you'll find out about it.
There aren't many who would stick their noses in knowing that.
I see.
I will become better at protecting what's important to me.
Zen's not coming back.
He's probably talking to Obi, right?
The stars are close tonight.
Really? Haven't they always been like this?
I guess...
I feel like getting some exercise.
I'll keep you company.
Time flows on, and days turn into months...
In this changing world,
there are things that do not change or waver.
To have many people I trust constantly by my side...
That is something I will always hope for...
On this path that I chose and continue forward on...
Those with high rank won't listen to those with no rank.
That's a beautiful bird.
How will you protect what you want to protect?
I will do all I can to make sure that doesn't happen to him!
Episode 10: Inexperienced Heart, Going Deeper
