I fell asleep at my desk again...
That feels good...
The light that pours down on this town, this country, shines on me...
On the place I've chosen...
On the new feelings inside me...!
Episode 3: Shining Time of Promise
Here you go.
Okay.
Oh, Shirayuki!
Hello!
Are you here to see Prince Zen today, too?
No, Mitsuhide and Kiki asked me to come.
Um, I've been wondering about this for a while,
but what was the object hanging from that man's neck?
Oh, that's a piece of identification.
Identification...?
Everyone working at the castle has one.
You are not permitted to enter the palace without one.
Oh, you're fine, though, Shirayuki.
We've heard everything from the prince.
Go ahead and wait at the entrance.
Thank you very much.
Being friends with the prince and all-
Shirayuki's so cool, isn't she?
Come on, let's get back to work.
You think so, too, don't you?
My lord, do you have business with the prince?
Yeah.
I'm terribly sorry, but he is currently with someone else right now.
Someone else?
That person again?
Oh, they're beautiful no matter when I come!
She has nothing to prove her social standing...
That red-haired girl claiming to be the prince's friend...
What a vulgar color...
We called you here today to help out with Zen.
Is something the matter?
After being out of the castle on official business the other day,
he snuck out to observe the local area.
He snuck out?
Well, he always does that.
But this time, it made him late returning to the castle without permission,
and the ministers around him seemed to come down hard on him about it afterward.
Is Zen depressed?
No, it's just...
He decided to show his contriteness with his actions
and shut himself up in his office, working without rest.
Shirayuki...?
Am I hearing things?
No, I didn't say anything yet, but it's really me.
Zen, Kiki and I asked Shirayuki to come.
If I have time to sleep, then I wanna see Shirayuki.
Isn't that what you said?
That's because you guys kept bugging me about sleeping!
Before you start writing Shirayuki all over your documents,
why don't you spend some time with her?
What's that supposed to be a symptom of?
Before all your replies become Shirayuki, you should spend-
Mitsuhide, we need to talk later.
Um... Should I go home for today?
Sorry for interrupti-
Zen?
You guys aren't being fair.
We know, sir.
Sorry they made you come out.
It's okay. Looks like you're having a hard time.
That's what happens when I'm away from the castle for a while.
I feel like I'll become a prince in name only one day.
Is that why you're overworking yourself?
I've finished twice as much as usual.
I won't give them anything to complain about the next time I'm away.
Zen...
I don't mind deskwork.
It's just that it's easy to lose sight of what's going on outside.
The country, Clarines, spreads out past the castle walls.
That's what I like about it.
Zen, your country is great, after all.
Oh right, Zen-
What is it?
Do you want to sleep a little?
Sorry, but yeah.
Will you stay here until Mitsuhide comes?
Yeah.
Thanks.
He must've been really tired.
Zen is constantly fighting even as he lives as this country's prince.
I need to work hard toward my own goal, too!
All right!
Oh? So that red-haired girl is Prince Zen's friend, huh?
Zen, are you done sleeping?
Zen.
Where's Shirayuki?
Mitsuhide saw her off, and she went home.
I see... Hm?
That girl must've forgotten this.
Prince Zen, please excuse me for interrupting your rest.
Oh, hello, Lord Haruka.
Don't meet up with people from the outside so carelessly?
You mustn't forget your position as this country's prince.
You must carefully choose whom you become close with.
In order to protect myself, and my authority, right?
I know.
If you understand, then stop inviting that town girl of unknown lineage into the castle.
Does it bother you?
The girl will have expectations and take advantage of you.
What if she asks for social status appropriate for her position,
or asks you to introduce her to the king?
What will you do if she asks you for selfish things?
Submitting quickly to the strong, and never trying to advance with her own power.
Keeping a girl like that by your side will only draw criticism from your retainers.
You have nothing to gain from it!
Never trying to advance with her own power, huh?
I see. Then, what if it's a girl without those expectations?
Your highness, where would you find a girl like that?
I'm just asking if it would be all right if there was one.
If you're saying such a girl exists, then I would definitely like to meet her.
She was just here.
Didn't you see her, Lord Haruka?
Your highness! I did not come to engage in wordplay with you!
This isn't play for me, either, Lord Haruka.
Very well.
I pray that you will open your eyes to the truth as soon as possible.
Excuse me, your highness.
Zen?
I need a change of scenery. I'm going to get some exercise.
Honestly, that prince...
There's nothing I can say to change his mind.
There is no choice but to speak directly to the girl, after all.
Yes, sir.
Now, shall I begin?
This looks like the shironagi herb, but the shape of the leaves is a little different...
I think the encyclopedia said...
Huh? Did I forget it at Zen's place?
What?!
Don't let Shirayuki pass from now on?
Why, all of a sudden?
Shirayuki has permission to pass as Prince Zen's personal guest.
That has been rescinded.
What? No way!
Regarding the treatment of Shirayuki, because of the criticism of my retainers,
she shall hereafter no longer have permission to enter the palace.
That's...
Please understand the prince's agonizing decision.
Excuse me.
Hey, wait a minute!
Then, you must tell the prince that we just allowed Shirayuki to pass.
What?!
Just before you came.
She said she left her book in the castle...
Don't tell me she's with the prince...?
Did she hear me?
Zen's being criticized?
But was the order just now really from Zen?
If I leave the castle today, I won't be able to come back to see him?
No matter what happens to Zen?
I have to hear this directly from him.
You over there, wait!
That red hair...
Are you Shirayuki?
Uh... Yes.
That's what I thought.
I have heard that you are the prince's guest.
Please excuse me for stopping you suddenly.
That's all right.
It's fine. No problem here.
I knew... At least, I thought I did.
That I could only see Zen because of his power.
That's why...
I'm aiming for a path that allows me to be in the same place as him through my own power.
Then, I can-
Wh-Why...?
Red-haired guest, do not take another step forward.
Leave at once.
This is...
Who would...?
There is someone in this castle who will not allow Zen and I to be in the same place.
But...
What? Wait, no way.
She's not gonna run away from that?
She sure is taking a roundabout way to get to the prince's rooms.
Oh well, it's convenient for me.
Hurry up and go home, miss.
Shirayuki!
Shirayuki, what are you doing?
Zen!
Didn't you go home already?
Um...
I forgot my book...
Shirayuki, did someone talk to you before this?
A soldier did.
A soldier, huh?
Well? What's that arrow in your hand?
Someone shot at you inside the castle?!
Jeez, why didn't you call the soldiers then?
Sorry... But Zen, before you get angry, hear me out.
How can I not be angry about this?
How can you be so unconcerned?
I was scared, you know!
And angry!
But I didn't want to stop coming here without doing anything.
If there is someone who doesn't want the two of us to meet,
then I have to try confronting them.
By yourself?
If I'm by myself, then the other person might try to talk to me.
You can't-
-Zen! -That's what I'd like to say, but all right.
I'll wait for you, Shirayuki.
But don't push yourself too hard.
If the other person won't leave you alone,
make them stop even if you have to use my name.
It could also be the work of more than one person.
Right.
If I find them, I'll keep watch, too.
Do you think you know who it is...?
I'm not confident, so I won't say...
Zen...
Sorry...
It looks like I make enemies easily...
Zen?
Is something wrong?
I have a favor to ask.
There's so much I don't know...
It was the first time I saw Zen talking with his face downcast.
I will return to my residence, so I leave the rest to you.
Hm?
Confidence, huh?
How will I be able to figure out who it is?
What are you doing?
Are you in the service of the court?
No, I'm...
What?
Um...
How did you get into the castle?
Through the Poet's Gate, with permission from a certain personage.
I am going to see him now, so if you doubt me, would you like to come along?
What?
This way.
Wait!
Once I have found an intruder, I cannot allow them to go any further than this.
I will have you leave immediately.
One must have authority in order to invite those from the outside into the castle.
You do not look like you have the social status to be invited by one with such power.
This man is saying this with certainty.
If it is as you say, and I should not be here, then stop me with your sword.
I didn't actually ask him, but it was enough just to see him.
She shall hereafter no longer have permission to enter the palace.
Those were not Zen's words.
Never trying to advance with her own power, huh?
Get back, girl!
I'll cut you!
As you wish.
This isn't play for me, either, Lord Haruka.
Do you know anything about an order purported to be from Prince Zen?
Good job.
Someone like you wouldn't be scared off by a little arrow.
Wh-Who are you?
Don't worry, I won't do anything.
It doesn't look like I can run away, either, so I'll tell you.
That order and the arrow with the threat on it were all my doing, not his.
Don't say stupid things.
I did these myself thinking of the prince.
I didn't ask for help from someone of humble birth.
A lord with a strange sense of pride...
I agree.
Your highness!
Did you say it was for me, Lord Haruka?
It is as you say.
That was the wrong way to go about it.
Depending on the outcome, it could have caused an uproar in the castle.
Sir.
Were you listening the whole time?
Ever since I found the marquess, and he started talking to you.
Let me just say, I had to use all my self-control not to come out, you know.
At least forgive me for eavesdropping.
Good answer, Zen...
Girl! How can you call the prince by his name?!
You know what, Lord Haruka?
I don't think it's bad to have people around who value authority
and social status over everything.
Because I believe it is necessary as a prince to understand different perspectives,
like those of you and Shirayuki.
Lord Haruka, is your title important to you?
Yes.
Then please treat it with importance.
This will not happen again.
Yes, sir!
Case closed, huh?
No, you-
My name's Obi, Master!
Who're you calling Master?!
Listen, I'm going to keep you where I can see you.
You don't have to be so wary. I won't lift another finger against that girl.
Do you think I'd believe you so easily?
I mean it! I like her, too.
Above all, she looks like she'll be able to help you.
Right, miss?
Oof...
You're going overboard...
Kiki, Mitsuhide! Do something about that guy!
Yes, sir!
You'll be coming with us.
I'll go anywhere with a pretty lady.
You little...
Not you. Call me Obi.
I wonder who he is?
Who knows?
But there shouldn't be any problems if we leave it to them.
Don't worry.
It looks like I make enemies easily...
I see.
Zen, look.
Hm?
Application information?
I decided to apply for this, so I'm telling you.
This is... for this castle's...?
Yup. Court herbalist.
I want to one day be able to go through the gates by myself and come be your ally.
There's someone I want to treasure my time together with.
I hope I can become his strength.
That's reassuring.
I'll wait, too, in this castle.
That is what pushes me from behind...
I am the chief herbalist, Garak.
You're about to take your test, right? Are you calm?
I mean, I'm a kid. It's weird.
We're locked in, huh?
Take a look for the sake of your resolve.
Episode 4: From the Small Hand, a Burgeoning Concerto Resonates
