Ow! Hey, watch out!
Geez...
Hinami!
Big Brother!
Sorry!
Hinami, what's the matter?
Mom is... Mom is...!
Huh? Where is she?
Let's go!
You're not accustomed to fighting, are you?
You aren't using your kagune to its fullest extent.
The mother, laying down her life for her child-
It makes my skin crawl. It's so comical,
watching you ghouls imitate human behavior.
What good will it do for me to go there?
Amon, you've done enough.
I'll handle the rest.
What do I do?
Why...? No, not that!
Absolutely right!
Honey...
Good... Good! Fantastic!
Despair, terror, hatred! That's the expression! More! Show me more!
Mom-
No, keep quiet!
What do I do? What am I supposed to do?
The least I can do in the way of pity is to ask for any last words.
What's wrong? There's no reason to hold back.
Whoa...!
Too bad. Your time is up.
About all I could do was to prevent her from seeing that sight.
Tell me, oh tell me, the way it works
Who is that inside of me?
Here in this broken-down, broken-down world,
you laugh, without seeing a thing
I'm just so damaged, I hold my breath and freeze
Breakable, unbreakable; shakable, unshakable
When I found you, it shook me
In this twisted world, I'm gradually growing transparent and vanishing
Don't look for me; don't look at me
I don't wish to hurt you in a world
of someone else's imagining
Remember who I am
Huh?
Um...
Touka, how are you feeling?
I'm sorry I've missed so much work.
That's okay.
Um, has something happened?
Mrs. Ryoko has had her life taken by the hand of ghoul investigators.
Mrs. Ryoko...
What about Hinami?! Is Hinami safe?!
I put her to bed in the other room.
Her face! Did they see her face?!
What is this? How could this be any worse?
When the time comes, I'm thinking of moving Hinami to the 24th Ward.
You're kidding, right? That cesspool?
There's no way Hinami can survive there on her own, you know!
Touka...
We could always kill the doves, couldn't we?
Every last one of them. I mean, we've got Mr. Yomo,
and if we all work together...
No. If the 20th Ward doves lose their lives,
then other doves will be sent in here, one after the next.
Until they've hunted us all down.
But...
Touka!
Yomo is correct. We must not take any action against them.
That is the best course, for the sake of everyone's safety.
Even though one of our own was killed?
Even though one of our own was killed,
just sitting around and watching is the best course?!
Hinami's mother has been killed.
I'd feel sorry for her if we can't take vengeance for her!
It's not because we can't take vengeance that we should feel sorry.
The real reason to feel sorry...
is when one is hung up on revenge and can't live their own life.
Are you talking about me?
Back there, if only...
if only it was Touka who came upon them, instead of me...
You mustn't blame yourself, Kaneki.
couldn't do anything...
So Jason's base isn't in the 20th Ward after all.
Judging by what's in this report the 11th Ward seems about right.
You think that Jason is involved with that one organized movement?
That's what my instincts say.
I hate to say this,
but there's nothing we can do outside our jurisdiction, Amon.
Let's let Special Investigator Marude have Jason.
The other S-rateds left in the 20th Ward are...
the binge eaters and the gourmets?
The binge eaters and the gourmets
are laying low, almost as if matching their actions to ours.
In my experience, at a time like this,
there's a good chance that going after them would be wasted effort.
Which means...
We pound the pavement the hard way, one by one.
A big fish is certain to show up that way. Certain to.
Okay, starting tomorrow, we go back to straight-up detective work.
All three of you, that's all for today, so please get some rest.
Very well.
Yes, sir.
What about you, Mr. Mado?
I have no talents outside of work. Ah, I almost forgot.
Top Secret
As far as number 745, our faces were seen. So please, do be careful.
He's kidding. She was just a child.
An orphan...?
That's them?
Come on in!
One shrimp tempura set with the chicken onigiri.
Again, Mr. Nakajima?
Cram it.
He always orders that.
Uh-huh.
How about you, Mr. Amon?
Large kakiage bowl, order up.
Mr. Amon, you came up through the Academy, right?
Well, yes.
What sort of things do you learn at the Academy?
The law and knowledge as pertains to ghouls.
Also, they build you up physically somewhat.
It's against the rules, so I can't go into much detail.
There are women there too, right?
Hey, Kusaba!
Two of them in my class.
Both of them were women of intelligence and strong will.
Yeah, and? Did you fall in love with either of them?
You idiot, that's enough!
They were both killed on the job.
Killed?
Yes.
I-I'm sorry, I...
It happens a lot.
The more earnest they are, the sooner they lose their lives.
I'm afraid you'll have to excuse me. You two take care.
Good work today.
Moron.
I-I'm sorry.
The more earnest they are the sooner they lose their lives?
I guess we shouldn't try too hard then, should we?
Don't be asinine. We've got a whole pile of work to do.
Though not as much as the other wards.
Not to mention, the guys in the home office
could just settle everything in two shakes.
Go ahead and say that,
but we're always going to be lowly employees at the branches,
both you and me.
Mr. Amon didn't seem to be very interested in moving up, did he?
He seems to work out of a pure sense of justice.
Yeah. He does seem that way, huh?
Honestly, I think he's amazing.
It's no use comparing yourself to someone from the home office, Kusaba.
Yeah...
Actually, I was hoping to draw desk work.
That way is easier and safer. But then, looking at him,
I start getting charged up, as well...
Maybe I will try harder at work.
Kusaba...
Kusaba!
Why, you...!
Mr. Nakajima, stand back!
Who is that...?!
Ukaku! So you're a high-speed type of ghoul!
So this is where I...
No!
Once the foe is before you, then even if it costs your arms and legs...
That's right, Amon.
That's what it is to be a ghoul inspector.
But you can't forget to bring your quinque, right?
M-Mr. Mado...
You can't afford to lose your composure, Amon.
Yes, sir.
Take a short breather.
Ho... You dodged that, did you? Well done, well done.
Hmm? Are you friends with that she-ghoul I killed yesterday?
Do you want me to tell you how that sow died?
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I forgot. And it was just yesterday.
She was so weak and miserable...
I got quite a laugh.
Why you...
This is perfect, Amon!
Let's review what you learned at the Academy.
A ghoul with an ukaku is characterized by
a monotony of attacks that depend entirely on speed.
But they are fundamentally short on stamina.
If you stretch out a short confrontation,
their fighting strength drops considerably.
Listen, that she-ghoul had a daughter with her, right?
Would you tell me where she is?
I mean, separated from her mother, I feel sorry for her, you know?
I have to hurry and kill her too.
Why you...!
You fool.
Just how many of you trash do you think I've put down before?
You're nothing more than just another one!
Hmph, well, no matter.
Rabbit, the ukaku ghoul...
Hinami...
Touka!
Stay away!
But you're bleeding!
Don't concern yourself with me.
Did you move against the doves?
Touka has been injured. She needs attention.
-No. -Huh?
I said no.
What are you talking about?
If she has taken action against the doves,
it means that she is prepared to accept full responsibility herself.
Whether she lives or dies is no concern of anyone else.
You can't mean it!
Touka!
Stop this!
Sir, I'm sure you must be able to see a lot,
and that's what you're basing your decision on,
but when it comes to what someone is prepared to accept
when they act against an investigator,
or what the rules are in the world of ghouls, I don't know a thing.
So I must decide what to do after I see things for myself.
What?
We need to attend to you.
I don't need it.
But you're bleeding.
It doesn't have anything to do with you, does it?
But...
You are annoying the hell out of me! You're just a human!
I do have some ghoul mixed in!
Why did you go alone?
It's okay if a killer like me dies. But,
when a ghoul like Mrs. Ryoko, or Hinami...
gets killed without any provocation... I can't bear it.
She's aware that she's not in the right here.
She knows all of that and yet she still fights.
Touka,
I can't kill anyone.
I don't think the presence of the investigators is wrong either.
Nor do I think you're right.
But when I saw Mrs. Ryoko's last moments, I had a powerful thought.
Whether a human dies or a ghoul dies,
if it was someone that I knew, I wouldn't be able to take it.
If you were to die, Touka, I would be heartbroken.
That a fact?
I want you to let me help you.
I won't kill any investigators,
but I've had enough of not being able to do anything.
To show our respect for the courage of Investigator Kusaba Ippei,
who lost his life in the line of duty to ghoul violence,
a moment of silence.
Isn't Mado here?
One of his own troops has died
and he can't even come pay his respects.
That reflects on him as a superior.
Hey, Amon, he'll do the same when you die, too.
If it hadn't been for that one thing,
that fool would be an assistant special investigator by now.
Things are all twisted up.
There will be some action in the 11th Ward soon.
When that happens, you're going to get called up too,
so hurry up and take out the trash in the 20th Ward.
Mr. Nakajima...
Mr. Amon...
Luckily, he was single.
Imagine if he had some poor wife.
He seemed to respect you a great deal.
Who, me?
Here's your order.
Isn't that fellow with the glasses with you today?
Pops, some cold water.
Okay, cold water for three- or rather, two.
always order this same set.
Every time I order, that jerk Kusaba would chime in,
Again, Mr. Nakajima? like clockwork.
That idiot... He'd let me pay for his, every time,
and I just said Shut up and eat, for Pete's sake.
Now I've got nobody to buy their meals for, you idiot!
There's no good reason why Mr. Kusaba was killed!
Mr. Nakajima, this time please pay for my meal, too!
I can eat a lot more than Mr. Kusaba did!
Well, there goes my paycheck.
Touka!
Huh?
What is this we're doing now?
You're the one who said you wanted to help me, right?
Yeah, I did, but...
This should do.
All right, onto the next.
Huh?
This time, it's your turn.
What do you mean? Just a minute, Touka!
This is Mado.
Senior Investigator Mado,
we've received some eyewitness information regarding number 745.
Hmm...
Their voice was trembling, so I think it may be another prank call,
but I thought you should know.
And?
No 745, Shigehara Elementary School, waterway
Mm-hmm, thanks.
Ghoul Investigator Killed
Men who adhere to a sense of justice...
Children who have had their loved ones taken from them...
Those who fought to protect someone...
Why should they have to lay down their lives?
Shigehara Elementary School
It would be hard to use a quinque there, huh?
The ghouls' unique sense of smell...
The rabbit was clearly of some relation to number 745.
And now, this...
How does it connect?
Come on in. It's ready.
I'll join you for a little splashing around, rabbit.
Hinami...
I'll change it.
I am going to change...
this wrong-way...
world of ours!
Though the city sleeps, its buildings are always
under construction
Urban planning carries on
Its belt lines morphing, snakes interlocking,
stirring up endorphins, and off you go, go, go
Souls ascend up into the night sky
Their procession and their faith both resembling
an aberrant riddle
Our as-yet-empty tomorrows
are an all but black shade of gray
Without any possibilities
an all but black shade of gray
Ah, tonight, you're the one I want
Saints
Ah, I want you to signal the end
Saints
Saints
Saints
Ah, Kaneki! Kaneki!
Oh, Mr. Uta? Huh?!
Your mask is done, so I wanted to deliver it immediately.
And as long as I'm here, I'd sure like to see you put it on.
Please wait one moment...
Yes, you just put it on like that. Yes, yes.
L-Like this?
Good! Very good!
At first, I was thinking of making a one-eyed mask,
the same way you are, Kaneki, but this was definitely the right call!
Thank goodness! It was worth all the effort!
Next time:'Circular'
Mr. Uta...
Layout: Katsuya Yamada
