All right, that's about it.
You're working hard today, too, huh?
Obi.
Oof.
Oh, you're wearing proper clothes.
The master has guests today, so I'm wearing a uniform, too.
Clothes like this make me feel really stiff, though.
It's hard to follow all of the confining rules in the castle...
Even so, I've decided to continue on this path...
Ryu! It's about time to go back!
Ryu!
He can't hear you, can he?
Because the view I want to see is next to me...
Because views I haven't seen before are waiting...
Oh, Ryu! It's time to go!
Just now, did she... with the whistle...?
Looks like it.
Episode 10: Inexperienced Heart, Going Deeper
Um, thank you very much!
For calling Ryu for me.
Red hair...
That's rare. It's my first time seeing it!
I hear that a lot.
It's amazing how you can get the bird to fly with your whistle!
You're the first person I've talked to since arriving here.
I finally feel less nervous.
You're...
I've got some business... I have an audience with the second prince after this.
With Prince Zen?
You're the master's guest?
I'm not a guest.
Huh?
Perfect timing. Will you hear me out? I don't want to be alone right now.
Um, I'm in the middle of work...
If it's just for a little bit, it's fine.
It's almost break time, anyway. I'll go back first.
Okay!
What's your name?
I'm Shirayuki.
I'm an apprentice court herbalist.
I'm Kihal Toghrul.
I'm not good with formalities, so you can just call me Kihal.
Okay.
And that's my friend, Popo.
Friend...
That's a beautiful bird. It's my first time seeing one.
I raised Popo, but on the island where I live, there's a whole flock living in the wild.
Now that you mention it, I've heard of them before.
People who live with birds on one of Clarines' southern islands.
You live with the birds?
Yeah.
Ever since my great-grandfather's time.
The birds we live with are the same species as Popo.
When they spread their blue and green wings,
they're beautiful! Like the sea is flying!
The birds have really good hearing,
and they find the mineral ores in the ocean near the island
by listening to the sound they make in the waves.
They tell us where schools of fish are, too,
so we're always together when we go out on the ocean!
This is the mineral ore from the ocean, the walnut stone.
Once they're polished, they become shiny!
The whistle from earlier!
But...
Hm?
When it comes down to it, the island is part of someone else's territory.
This happened a year and a half ago.
The lord who had just inherited the lands brought his noble friends
and started to hunt the birds.
The lord did?
Yes. His friends loved it.
The birds' feathers were rare and could be sold at a high price, they said.
He was even praised with words I loathe to recount.
Popo was also the target of a hunt and was seriously injured.
We've asked them to stop many times.
But they wouldn't listen...
The lord then said, I'll let you meet the prince, so you can ask him.
Even if I ask, it's not like he'll listen.
I'm sure he'll just laugh at me.
Those with high rank won't listen to those with no rank.
That's not how I would describe Prince Zen's character.
Wh-What are you saying? He's nobility! Royalty, even!
Of course he's like that.
Kihal...
I'm sorry. Even so, I had to come here.
I had no other choice.
Sorry for interrupting your work.
It's fine. I have to go back soon, though...
Can I stay here until the audience?
Sure.
I understand the situation.
You want me to make it illegal to hunt the birds
and make Yuris Island a nature reserve, right?
Yes, sir.
I will consider it and give my decision tomorrow.
However, from what I have heard,
I believe this should be discussed among the concerned parties,
Lord Brecker of Yuris Island and its resident, Kihal Toghrul.
Oh, excuse me.
Prince Zen, I apologize for troubling you with a matter I could not resolve myself.
You understand now, don't you, Toghrul?
Kihal, I have prepared a room for you.
Please make yourself at home.
How was it?
He said the concerned parties should discuss it.
I see...
Nothing good will come of you worrying about it.
There are herbs protected because of their efficacy.
If the birds also had something special to offer...
Even if the birds are important to the residents of the island,
that doesn't matter to the lord.
He's enjoying hunting with his friends on his own land.
That's all it is.
The mineral ore on the island, the walnut stone,
isn't really something that can be sold for much, either.
I can't do anything.
All I can do is say that it is within the rights of the lord.
Lord Brecker brought this?
Yeah, it appears to be a decorative arrow souvenir.
He probably believes his own values are common sense and doesn't question them.
Why did the viscount bring this up to you in the first place, Zen?
Probably because the previous viscount and I met a few times.
It's my first time meeting Brecker, though.
Heh, you're being used, Zen.
-Shut up. -Shut up.
Why did you say it, too, Kiki?
Even so, I hate that I cannot help that girl.
Excuse me!
Shirayuki?
Zen, there's something I want to talk to you about.
Kihal, is it true that with a signal from your whistle,
you can get the bird to fly where you want?
Yes, sir. Everyone who has gone through training on the island can.
Can you have the bird fly somewhere far?
Yes. We often send them out to fishing boats in the open sea.
How do they know where the boat is?
Um, with this.
A bell?
Bells made from walnut stones each have a unique sound.
These birds can tell the slight difference between them.
If they hear the sound of the bell in advance,
they will land where they hear that sound.
I see.
If possible, I would like to look into using that as a means of communication in Clarines.
But why...
I heard from a certain person
that perhaps the ability to control the birds could be used for something.
I figured, if they can be used for communication, it would benefit the kingdom.
That was definitely worth investigating.
First, I'd like to test it over a long distance.
Will you do it?
Test...?
Yeah. We'll test to see if it's something we can make use of.
You mean, at the castle?
That's right. Tomorrow evening.
Then, may I name the person who will hold the bell?
That's fine, but...
M-Me?
Yes, please! It might be a bother, but to me, the castle is still the enemy camp!
Enemy camp...?
Even if it's a proposal from the kingdom, I can't really trust it yet.
If you have faith in Prince Zen,
then I want to work with you so maybe I can feel that way, too!
All right. I'll try!
Thank you!
Thank you, Shirayuki!
To a point ten kilometers west of the castle,
at a lakeside watchtower that would take 40 minutes by horse,
the bird will sent bearing a document.
The person at the watchtower will receive the document,
sign it, attach the bell, and send the bird back to the castle.
This will all occur within 25 minutes.
If all the conditions are met, it will be acknowledged;
if not, it will be regarded as a failure.
To go and come back from the lake in 25 minutes?
It's easier than I thought.
Don't be stupid. It's a bird that's going, you know.
The bird handler will be Kihal Toghrul.
Assisting her will be Shirayuki.
Three soldiers and a messenger will accompany her to the watchtower.
That is all.
A red-haired girl...?
I see.
I was wondering why something so outrageous was brought up suddenly.
To get the prince's friend on your side-
You're a clever one, Toghrul.
The prince's friend?
That has nothing to do with-
Lord Brecker.
Right now, we are looking to see if this proposal will benefit Clarines.
I would like you to judge for yourself as a lord of this kingdom.
Then, your highness, I would also like to accompany them to the lakeside watchtower.
It is not that I am suspicious of anything,
but if those girls act dishonestly in any way, it would reflect badly on you, sir.
Very well, Brecker, Shirayuki and the others will head to the lakeside watchtower.
The bird will be sent at four o'clock, and the test will begin.
Shirayuki...
Hm?
This is the sound, Popo.
I'll be waiting, okay, Kihal?
Okay!
It's time.
Yeah. Shirayuki should be waiting by the lake by now.
Are you ready, Kihal?
Yes, sir.
Now, let the test begin!
Go, Popo. Shirayuki's waiting for you in the west!
Such a clear sound...
Shall we go outside to wait now?
All right.
My lord?
What a beautiful view.
I like high places with a view.
Because there are things you can't see when you're low.
Shirayuki.
Let's make a deal.
What?
I've heard a little about you.
You're an apprentice of sorts at the castle?
Even though you're the prince's friend, without any kind of social status,
there are things that must be hard to do, right?
You can't attend parties or balls where nobles gather,
so of course there will be discrimination.
Not even Prince Zen can continue to associate with you forever.
That's why I will support you from behind.
In exchange, I want this test to fail.
The bird did not come here...
The bird will come!
Wh-
Are you saying you are planning on refusing?
Of course! What good will it be if it fails?
I don't care anymore!
Hey!
The bell...!
Stay inside until time runs out!
My lord, what are you doing?
Quiet! Does a mere soldier like you dare to speak up against me?
Please open up, Lord Brecker!
Shut up!
What do you think will happen if those island people and birds
became beneficial to the kingdom?
Do you think I'm so stupid that I wouldn't notice that possibility
and would just let you do what you want?
Don't be ridiculous!
It's noisy up there.
I'll go take a look.
It's a piece of cake to keep a soldier quiet.
Listen, little girl!
It's no use crying to the prince!
No matter how he actually feels,
he wouldn't do something so stupid as to believe you over me, his subject,
and risk antagonizing those around him.
Sadly, that's what it means to be of different social status.
What you say is true.
I think there are times when we can't act on how we really feel.
But if that's the case, then I will do all I can to make sure that doesn't happen to him!
What can someone like you do?
Anyway, the status of one who can't see the effort of someone trying to protect something...
Huh?
What?!
Miss!
What are you trying to do?
The bell fell into the lake!
If we don't find it and ring it, Popo won't land here.
Was this the viscount's doing?
That girl... from this height...?!
Lord Brecker.
You are under arrest.
So you decided to side with the girl?
There is no one working for Prince Zen who could hear her words and ignore them.
Popo's here!
Oh, it flew away!
Miss, around where did it fall?
A little ways out from where I jumped in!
Ten minutes left.
There's still no sign of the bird...
Popo... Shirayuki...!
Did you find it?
No, I didn't see anything!
Shirayuki!
Popo?
It came back?
What's that bird trying to do?
The birds have really good hearing,
and they find the mineral ores in the ocean near the island
by listening to the sound they make in the waves.
Two more minutes before time runs out.
It's almost been 25 minutes.
Will it not work, after all?
To make a bird fly with just a sound...
Be quiet.
I cannot hear the sound of the wings.
Your highness!
The document and the bell!
I have confirmed the signatures of everyone. There is no problem.
Then...
I have decided to bring in the bird handlers as a means of communication!
Popo!
Thank you, Shirayuki!
Your highness.
What is it?
There was a report along with the signatures.
Mitsuhide, Kiki! Ready the horses!
I have arrested the viscount due to his interference.
Standing by at the watchtower.
The assistant was injured...
Your highness!
I will tell you everything that happened.
When the viscount asked to accompany the group to the watchtower,
I thought Prince Zen would refuse, but he dared to allow him to go.
Dared?
It seemed obvious that the viscount was planning to use Shirayuki for his own gain.
He must have believed in the soldiers and that girl and left it to them.
However-
How will he protect what he wants to protect?
He probably hasn't decided yet.
I see. I understand.
I'll be back. Take care of my horse.
Master, if you're looking for Shirayuki, she's upstairs...
Shirayuki said that if there were times you couldn't act on your true feelings,
then she would make sure that didn't happen to you, sir!
Zen!
Show me your injury.
U-Um, Zen, sorry... But I wasn't going to hide it from you.
'Cause you'd get mad if I did.
Idiot...
Did something happen between you and Shirayuki?
Calmly... So no one will think anything is strange...
Something happened, right?
I need some time to think by myself...
Hang in there, Miss.
Episode 11: Encountering... A Color for the First Time
