Now you'll be saying goodbye to your johnny, too.
Your luck ran out when you met me there.
Hello? I'm busy right now.
Fine.
We'll take a little break.
Stay here and feel ashamed of yourself until I get back.
Episode 6: Eden of the East
Is this the right place to drop you?
Thanks.
It's okay if you come with me, you know.
I know, but I'll go home for today.
Okay. Bring everyone over with you, then. I'll be waiting.
Hello, Morimi residence.
Saki? Hurry up and come home!
No. I'm too ashamed to see Ryosuke.
Come on, Ryosuke's not angry with you.
Well, I don't want to come home right now.
What are you talking about? Where are you now, anyway?
At Micchon's
I'm going to stay with her for a while, so don't worry about me.
No, you come home right now!
I'm sorry. I'll call you later.
It's not like we don't know where she is,
so let's let her alone for a while.
You're too easy on her.
Gotta apologize to Osugi, too.
What are you doing down there?
Would you lend me some clothes?
Eden of the East
I guess maybe this sounds fishy?
You couldn't call it anything but fishy!
You should probably go home for now.
If nothing else, it's hard to swallow this Takizawa's story.
And I'm not sure about that outfit you're wearing, either.
What's wrong with it? Saki looks good in anything.
And I think this Takizawa thing is actually pretty interesting.
Are you serious?
Sure, it's absurd,
but it's not like Saki living with him or not is the only issue here, right?
This club's about to hit the end of the road if nothing changes.
True.
I can't believe this.
To think that not only our club's attention-grabber,
but the entire elite staff
would all show interest in such a dubious character!
Just what's happened with you since the graduation trip?
This behavior just doesn't seem worthy of the seasoned maiden
who's easily parried the come-ons of Osugi
and all the other youthful Johnnys with blood surging in their loins
for a full four years now!
Did something special happen?!
-No... -Surging blood aside,
if we'd successfully started our business,
you wanted to keep Saki here come hell or high water, right, Kazuomi?
True.
After all, Eden only worked because Saki compensated for your one weakness,
your lack of leadership skills.
Now hold on. I don't mind you criticizing my faults,
but don't you think there's a huge difference
between me and what that Takizawa person is saying?
We may have been forced into temporary withdrawal,
but I am steadily moving forward with starting the business.
Whereas he has no clothes and no memory,
and can't remember his family, his job, or even what movies he likes.
I won't have you comparing me to someone who has absolutely nothing.
Poor boy.
I wonder if his personal.44 Magnum is still at the mercy of that cold wind...
That's not what I'm asking!
Um...
Hirasawa, from what I've been hearing from in here,
I don't believe Mr. Takizawa is as worthless as you think.
He's always been gentlemanly and broad-minded towards Morimi,
and he has the drive to act, too.
His house is a shopping mall, so he seems to have some wealth,
and most importantly, there is no such thing as an evil dog owner.
I don't want your opinion!
Excuse me.
Sitting here and talking about it is pointless.
Why don't we go meet him and see what he's really like?
Agreed! Seeing is believing. Let's go size him up.
You've got a point, but we have to be prepared for the worst.
Let's investigate in secret first, and not just go in through the front door.
What the heck? That's so passive.
Call it cautious!
Well, Saki?
I'm fine with that.
At the time, I thought maybe I could completely believe in him,
but I am a little scared, too.
So let's all go together.
Okay. I'll go get a car. We'll leave in a half hour.
Hirasawa.
The truth is, Osugi treated me to a first-class dinner last night...
And after hearing Morimi's story,
I figured out something that I didn't realize at the time.
That dinner must have been originally planned with Morimi.
What?! Why didn't you tell me sooner?!
I couldn't say this in front of her!
Plus, judging from how he was acting at the time,
Osugi definitely saw Morimi with Mr. Takizawa.
And what did Osugi do after dinner?
He disappeared into the night, blind drunk.
And now it seems even Morimi can't get in touch with him...
What should we do?
We can't leave Osugi out in the cold on such an important occasion!
True, even if he did skip out on us while he was job hunting,
he is an important charter member.
However, this is also a golden opportunity to keep Saki in Eden.
All right, find Osugi and hold him in the club room.
Roger.
This is his house?!
Aren't there any other entrances?
I don't think so, because there were no homeless people inside.
This could so easily be a trap...
I guess we've got no choice.
Saki, you might be marrying into money here!
Property values around here fell pretty sharply after Careless Monday.
Now, we don't know that he bought this place after the missile strike.
Whoa, hey, hold everything!
This place is a gold mine!
Hey, look! Look at this!
-It's so cute! -It's so cute!
Don't go messing with those and getting us into trouble.
It looks like he's home.
Takizawa lives in the VIP room upstairs.
We've come this far, so why don't you say a few words to him as our rep?
Excuse me!
-What's wrong? -Where's Takizawa?
Not there. But the man's had us under surveillance all along!
Let's get out of here, now!
It's best not to get involved with such a dubious character!
Who's a dubious character?
This Takizawa person, obviously!
Yo.
Oh my, he has wings! How cute!
This title deed is the real thing.
I just found it today, actually.
I more or less understand what you've said,
but what exactly made you decide to support our club?
And more fundamentally, what are your intentions for Saki?
No particular intentions,
I just thought there was no need for her to work for men
who would up and dump beef bowls on her.
If everyone, not just Saki, became NEETs, we could turn this country around.
Those old guys who take it for granted they're the winners
will freak out and come crying to us.
You can't be serious.
Why not? Didn't you basically have the same idea?
I saw Eden of the East.
This is really well done.
Would you call it an image search engine?
I tried entering that miniature Shiba,
and it recognizes him no matter what angle I take a pic from.
She's the one who wrote the program.
Oh, really? You're smart, Mittan!
She's got a sharp tongue when she's among friends,
but she's always like this with strangers.
As a kid, she never played with anyone but Hirasawa, her cousin, so...
You're cute.
I-I'm not Mittan.
So if you register something on the site, any cell phone can use the info.
This is pretty cool.
Saki told me. If you pulled off this great an invention,
it must've seemed like a good idea to turn it into a business,
so why didn't that go smoothly?
I don't need you if I end up having to take care of things anyway.
I-I'm so sorry!
Honestly, the road ahead is long... in a lot of ways.
-Juiz. -Yes, this is Juiz.
I need a secretary fluent in French and Cantonese, on the double.
Accepted. Noblesse oblige.
I sincerely pray that you, the most hardworking of CEOs,
will be an innovative savior.
You don't need to show up tomorrow, or ever again.
CEO Shiratori is in a dark mood today...
To make the story short,
we just had a little trouble
of the sort that can happen on any site or message board.
One girl had the misfortune of having to leave school,
and the university opened an investigation.
-How about this? -That?
-Hey, I thought it was nice. -No way.
Over here, over here.
We started out as a little recycling community,
but thanks to the development of the image recognition engine,
even near-junk turned into valuable goods.
Because Saki wrote new value into the images
that others would never have dreamed of.
Then the rest of our members copied her,
and at some point students themselves started being registered,
and people found Eden useful as a tool for finding love, too.
And that's what caused the trouble?
Yeah.
What with one thing and another, we had one member quit to look for work,
and Saki had to leave home for some reason none of us know about...
I'm ashamed of how useless I am.
We're going home, guys.
Why? Did you and Takky not come to an agreement?
I am a NEET, but I've always prided myself on being one of the best NEETs.
I don't have any special skills like Saki or Micchon,
so I've studied management and law,
to become an elite NEET that could back up other elite NEETs.
And you succeeded.
Almost, anyway.
Then what are you hung up on?
Eden of the East is a paradise for NEETs.
I don't want to get help from someone who's not a NEET.
Think of it as the jealousy of a have-not for one of the haves.
I see.
I get you... not that I understand.
What's that mean?!
As someone with no memories,
I've got my own complicated worries I can't tell anyone about.
I'm actually the one who wants your help.
What do you think? I can't explain the circumstances right now,
but would you help me carry out my obligations as a have?
My funding offer can be your compensation.
Please, Hirasawa. I'll prepare myself, too.
I'll help run Eden with everyone.
That's that, isn't it?
Saki's what troubled you the most, right?
What's left to worry about?
So in the end, I'm saved by Saki again, eh?
That's no big deal, right?
Let's do a sort of give-and-take thing.
I still don't completely trust you,
but right now I'll shake your hand, Mr. Takizawa.
No, from now on, I'm just calling you Takizawa.
That's fine. Let's make this a NEET paradise!
Yay! Now that's settled!
Thank you, Takizawa. You didn't just help me, you helped everybody.
No worries. I really like people like Hirasawa,
who are working to help other people.
Um, can I ask a question?
Why did you tell me to come to your place?
I mean, I hadn't told you about everyone yet.
Do you want to know?
You were looking for a change of clothes, right?
I think these would look good on you.
Micchon is playing and having fun with some guy she just met!
Though it's less like playing and more like he's messing with her.
Come on, if you don't stick it in more firmly, it'll just flip over...
I can't do it that well. And I'm not Mittan...
Hey, guys, come on out!
What've you been setting up?
Okay, here we go!
You're such a scaredy-cat, Mittan.
I'm not Mittan.
Hello.
Oh, hi, Kasuga. Have you found Osugi?
Well, it's like I kind of have, and I kind of haven't.
Huh? What do you mean?
Well, the thing is, it's possible Osugi's run into the Johnny Hunter.
The Johnny Hunter?!
I was digging around on the internet looking for him,
and I found some very interesting entries on a certain message board.
Why look for Osugi on the internet?
I know, but a man who says he's been imprisoned by a suspicious woman
has been intermittently posting cries for help
for the last eighteen hours.
It doesn't look like the police are doing anything yet,
but there's quite a commotion online.
And no matter how I look at it, I think this has to be Osugi.
Send me the URL of this message board.
Okay. Rumors are that the Johnny Hunter
has already claimed a full 20,000 victims,
so it wouldn't be odd for Osugi to be one of them.
Understood.
The night is a seal
If we mix in some bewilderment, it will end
If we're in danger of wavering, let's just abandon our reasons
We drown in dreams again
The future stretches on uncertainly
I can still forgive you, I can still know the meaning
The night exists to be listened to closely
I can copy that reason, and change
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future to know your breath
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future
