I see... This thing does look like Eden's mascot.
Help
Board for the Lovelorn: AMORE PADRONE
There's no doubt about it. Osugi always had that on his bag.
The picture was taken around noon today.
Help me.
Help Me
Johnny Hunter
Johnny Hunter.
I'm Gonna Die
I'm gonna die.
Hotel
Hotel?
It's all written phonetically?
She picked me up in Dogenzaka
Re: She picked me up in Dogenzaka I wanna be kidnapped too. If I go to Dogenzaka, will she pick me up?
It's all written phonetically?
And the place the probable johnny Hunter woman talked to him
Re: She picked me up in Doganzaka I wanna be kidnapped too. If I go to Dogenzaka, will she pick me up?
Re: She picked me up in Dogenzaka Don't worry, you've got no chance.
is the same place Kasuga left him.
It's true we have enough reasons to believe it's Osugi...
Hey, who's this Johnny Hunter you've been talking about?
She's an urban legend that's been the talk of the town.
A beautiful woman lures innocent virgins like us into hotels,
and if we can't get it up, she cuts off our johnnys with a sharp instrument.
They say she's actually claimed 20,000 victims so far.
20,000?!
Naw, are you sure they're not just confusing it with those 20,000?
Episode 7: Flight of the Black Swan
But why would he ask for help on a message board?
If it's really Osugi, he could've just called or texted us directly.
This is a message board for the lovelorn that Osugi frequents.
Board for the Lovelorn: AMORE PADRONE
Help
He's been very emotionally vulnerable for some time now.
I think last night a cold wind assaulted his already weak heart,
and he ended up going off with a sketchy woman.
No way would his embarrassment and guilt let him contact us directly!
I can understand how he feels!
So, who is this Osugi guy?
He was so drunk! If only I'd taken him home after dinner last night...
By dinner, do you mean...
Yes! The dinner he was supposed to eat with you!
Idiot!
Huh? What's going on?
A new image has been uploaded.
Board for the lovelorn: AMORE PADRONE
It looks like he took a picture of his reflection in the window.
Is that Osugi's suit?!
Yes, it's definitely him.
Hey, look here.
A piano?
Try putting it through Eden's image search engine!
Stanway Luis 15 Model M1150
**Super-rare
Stanway Luis 15 Model M1150
**Super-rare
**Japan Purchased a few during the bubble
Stanway Luis 15 Model M1 150. Super-rare.
Stanway Luis 15 Model M1150
**Super-rare
**Japan Purchased a few during the bubble
Legs show signs of repair work/Display model
japan purchased a few during the bubble.
If we know the maker, we can figure out who bought it!
That's our Eden System for you!
There's a new comment.
Her accomplice's name is Juiz... What does that mean?
Her accomplice's name is Juiz
Juiz... For real?
Where are you going, Takky?
I've got a hunch I know where he is, so I'm going to take a look.
I'd like you to find a Stanway Luis 15 Model M1150 piano
whose legs have been repaired.
Accepted.
I've found it.
It's in room 1109 of the members-only Hotel Insomnia in Roppongi.
Who's staying in that room?
A woman named Hanako Roppongi
has been staying there since the year before last.
That sounds like an alias. Find out her real name.
Say, Juiz.
Yes?
Do you know about the johnny Hunter?
No. Would you like me to investigate?
No... That's okay.
I've finished. Her real name is Diana Kuroha Shiratori.
She's the CEO of Monolom, an agency for foreign models in Aoyama.
Where is she right now?
Location confirmed.
She's in a car traveling near Roppongi Intersection in Minato.
Isn't that near the hotel?
Juiz, stop that woman for me.
How would you like me to do it?
Anything's fine. The police, whatever.
Accepted. Noblesse oblige.
I pray you'll be a savior of integrity, even after abusing state power.
What is it? I don't think I was going too fast...
May I see your license, please?
Number 9 is trying to make contact with me.
Why?
But what an honor.
H-Hey!
-Stop! -Juiz, find me the motorbike
that entered the Metro through Kasumigaseki about fifteen minutes ago.
Saki Morimi
Hello, Takizawa?
Saki! I've basically figured out where Osugi is.
Really?
Takizawa says he's found Osugi.
What? How?
Is he okay?
I think he's in room 1109 of Hotel Insomnia in Roppongi.
I'm about to try to go get him. Later!
Um, Takizawa...
Thank you. But how did you find him?
Takizawa? What's wrong? Takizawa!
Selecao Activity History
Takizawa, are you okay?
Hello? Takizawa?!
So he said Osugi was at Hotel Insomnia, right?
Yeah.
I got the hotel on the line,
but things are crazy there and I can't get them to put me through.
Hey, look.
WORLD VIEW NEWS
Tanker Overturns on the Metro Expressway
That's between us and Roppongi!
Let's see you get into the hotel now.
If that's how you want to play it...
Ah, Miss Roppongi. I'm sorry, but the hotel has just changed ownership,
and no one is currently allowed in the rooms.
So, I'm terribly sorry, but I need you to vacate your room...
But your companion isn't answering the door.
And I wasn't sure whether it would be all right for me to enter, so...
That's no good, is it?
Selecao Activity History
Number 9 bought this place for 1.5 billion?
Honestly, what unnecessary expenditure...
Where does the 200 million-yen difference go?
You're quite ill-behaved, aren't you?
Time is running out.
Let's begin.
It opened, Juiz.
Though it took a feat of strength in the end...
Noblesse oblige. What a violent savior you are!
But I pray you'll be as frugal as possible.
I don't want to hear that advice right now.
So you're the Johnny Hunter?
You really are a Selecao.
And you're totally hot.
You sure don't look like a murderer
who'd blow up tanker trucks or chop off people's johnnys.
Number 9, you're younger than I expected.
You don't look like the man behind Careless Monday, either.
Huh? Wait, am I involved in the missile crisis, too?
It's no good. Everything's jammed down here, too.
Looks like a pretty big accident.
I wonder if Takky's okay?
Who knows? But I have been wanting to meet you.
Though it's a shame you turned out to be the Supporter...
I'm not the Supporter. I am a Selecao, though.
Plus, I just came to save this guy.
He's a friend of a friend.
A friend? Of this low life scum?
Well, from my understanding, he's not really a lowlife...
Right, Osugi?
Stop-!
Even assuming this man is your friend,
I can't just give him back to you.
I'm a johnny-chopping killer because of personal convictions.
I started long before I got this phone.
So I won't let anyone interfere, even the Supporter.
I'm not the Supporter!
Wait, you got a Noblesse phone even though you were a killer?
Yes. Though all I do with it is have Juiz help me find the maggots
and dispose of their bodies afterward.
Have Juiz dispose of their bodies? What are they talking about?
What is it, Saki? Did you get through to Takizawa?
No...
I'm going to go on ahead!
Saki!
Morimi!
I guess there are all kinds of Selecao.
You're worlds apart from Mr. Hiura.
But do you really think you can win the game that way?
For every enemy of women that I kill, I import a fabulous foreign man.
But I never intended to win this game in the first place.
In the end, no champion of justice can get more than half the world on her side.
So until I use up my ten billion, I mean to carry out my own form of justice.
Then I guess I have to take you down if I want to get Osugi back.
I suppose that's right.
Your name is Kuroha, right?
How did you come up with the idea of chopping off johnnys to begin with?
Do you hate them?
Yes.
Guess I've got no choice... I'll save you, too.
Because unlike you, I want to win this game.
There's seriously something wrong with this country.
This Mr. Outside even lets killers in... I'm gonna punch him out for sure.
Kuroha...
Did a man do something awful to you?
Why do you think so?
I get the feeling you've never gotten love from a johnny.
Takizawa, who are you talking to? What's a Selecao?!
I wonder whether a johnny that could give me love even exists.
If it does, I'd love to try it.
Takizawa! Hey, Takizawa, what happened?!
Takizawa...
Takizawa...?
Who are you? This boy's girlfriend?
What did you do to Takizawa?
Takizawa?
Nothing in particular.
Well, now, looks like you've got a nice girl.
You'd better cherish this one.
Juiz? Do it.
Wait! That man is...
Don't worry. He's not your friend.
He's a wanted serial rapist.
His life has no value.
I wonder what gave that boy the wrong idea?
Goodbye, Selecao Number 9. Let's meet again one day.
Takizawa?
Takizawa?!
What happened?!
Snap out of it, Takizawa!
Selecao Activity History
The night is a seal
If we mix in some bewilderment, it will end
If we're in danger of wavering, let's just abandon our reasons
We drown in dreams again
The future stretches on uncertainly
I can still forgive you, I can still know the meaning
The night exists to be listened to closely
I can copy that reason, and change
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future to know your breath
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future
