Johnny!
Johnny!
Ow, ow, ow...
A-Are you okay, Takizawa?
Saki...
Saki! What happened to Osugi?!
Osugi is fine.
Actually, it looks like what happened was unrelated to him.
I guess I passed out...
When you came to the hotel, was there anyone else there?
No...
Episode 8: Searching for the Path Already Lost
Eden of the East
There's something wrong with the fact
that you thought I was a Johnny Hunter victim in the first place!
I'm sorry. But the SOS was posted to that site you like, so...
Idiot! It's a secret that I use that site!
I would've listened to your love woes anytime you wanted...
Oh, stop it.
Anyway, you can't say that Kasuga's mistake was completely unfounded.
We couldn't get you on the phone, and we saw a pic of that bag.
Anybody would've thought you were the one calling for help.
Sure, this is the bag I lost, but still,
normal people'd think of other reasons I might not be answering the phone!
The fact is, I was roped into a drinking party
on the pretense of prospective employee training.
So they took your cell phone away, huh? I hear you.
But thank goodness. I'm so glad your johnny didn't get cut off!
Don't say that!
In other words, after you left Kasuga, someone took your bag,
then ran into the Johnny Hunter,
got trapped in the Hotel Insomnia, and started sending out SOS's?
Then Takky invaded the hotel.
But the Johnny Hunter was gone,
and all that remained were signs that someone had been confined there.
WORLD VIEW NEWS
Explosion at Hotel Insomnia
Signs Someone was Confined There
Could it be the notorious Johnny Hunter?
Connection to the Play-by-Play Posted to a Certain Site Being Investigated
Can I ask one question?
What relationship are we going to have with this Takizawa now?
I have to go drop by work now.
Eden of the East
Then I'm going to go pick up Saki.
And if you guys are going to team up with this Takizawa guy,
I'm sorry, but we'll probably never all meet like this again.
Why not?
Even I have my pride.
Osugi!
So, what now?
I don't think he's a bad guy, but...
Yes, he doesn't seem like a villain,
but the fact is, there are a lot of strange things about this,
Like how he found that hotel all of a sudden,
and how he got out unchallenged afterwards.
I think it might be a good idea to ask him about things personally.
Sounds like he's coming soon anyway.
You got a text from Saki? When?
Right before Osugi came.
He could be here any time now.
I wonder if it was right for us to let Osugi go.
Saki...
Am I the only one who didn't know?
Who are you?
-What's with him? -Creepy!
Searching
So he's not registered with Eden...
Taking Picture
Comment
Tell me who he is!
Selecao Activity History
Destruction of evidence and prevention
So she stopped the police for me?
of Police intervention at Hotel lnsomnia
Am I the only one who doesn't know about the others?
I guess I'll have to read the old usage records...
So do you understand the situation with Osugi now?
Huh? Yeah.
Good. So, there are a few questions we'd like to ask, too.
If it's about the registration, we can list me as the representative.
Well, that is one thing, but...
Even if something goes wrong down the line, I'll take full responsibility.
Oh, but we can allot rights and dividends equally.
You're pretty generous.
Am I?
Okay, then, I feel bad asking this as a return favor...
But is there anyone who can fix this phone?
I can't turn it on.
There aren't even any holes for the charger to plug into.
Are there texts in here from before you lost your memory, or something?
Something like that.
Um, you had two of those phones?
Huh? oh, I found that one in the movie theater.
But I don't really know what's on it, either.
Yeah, you don't even have your own memories, after all.
What about it, Micchon? Can you fix it?
Phones aren't like computers.
No luck, huh?
Oh, I know. Maybe Itazu could do something with it.
Underpants, huh?
True, he might be able to do it.
Who's this Underpants guy?
We got a lot of advice from him when we were making the Eden site.
He's one of the best, hailed as the Whiz Kid of Kyoto, but...
But?
For the last two years,
he's shut himself up in a little apartment on the Kamogawa River.
They say he never even goes to school anymore.
I'm going to pay him a little visit.
You can go, but I don't think he'll be willing to see anybody.
Why not? Sure he will.
Hey. You're not even going to ask his address before you leave?
oh, you'll tell it to me?
Well, take Micchon with you.
It'll up your chances of getting in the door a little.
What? I don't want to! I hate Underpants!
Now, don't be like that. As a fellow programmer,
you're the only one of us who can hold a decent conversation with him.
While you're at it, ask him if he's finished that World Computer.
I'll text him a heads-up.
I'll go,too.
It's the same place he was living before, right?
Will they be okay?
Well, as spies, they're not very promising.
Spies?
You're curious about Takizawa's past too, right?
If he's got texts from before his memory loss, don't you want to see them?
I get it. In that case, I'll go.
You can't get anything out of Underpants.
He may not look it, but Yutaka Itazu has a big soft spot for women.
Aren't all men that way?
Ow!
I'll text Itazu and Micchon to that effect later.
While they're out, let's go over these documents Takizawa brought again.
If he's a con man, there should be holes in here somewhere.
Comment
Tell me who he is!
No responses?
Name: Kazuo Murata School:Graduate of Soji University Education Dept DOB: 7/10/1983 Sex: Male
Name: Ayumu Muto School: Graduate of Soji University Economics Dept. DOB: 10/9/1985 Sex: Female
I'm still impressed with the Eden system, even now.
Name: Shinya Yoshie School: Soji University Lit Dept. Sophomore DOB: 4/13/1991 Sex: Male
Name: Yuika Sato School: Soji University Lit Dept, Sophomore DOB: 11/1/1991 Sex: Female
It would definitely identify him if he were a student here.
You're really something, Hirasawa.
Selected Image
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa.
Kazuya Hasegawa?
Kazuya Hasegawa?
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa
Naoki Hosozawa
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa.
Naoki Hosozawa
No, this guy's Koji Kise.
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa.
Naoki Hosozawa
No, this guy's Koji Kise.
That's Definitely Makoto Shibuya.
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa.
I think he's Shibuya' too.
Naoki Hosozawa
No, this guy's Koji Kise.
That's Definitely Makoto Shibuya.
Naoki Hosozawa
I think that's Kazuya Hasegawa.
I think he's Shibuya, too.
I think he's Shintaro okada.
No, this guy's Koji Kise.
No, that's Akira Takizawa for sure!
What the heck?
Hey, what's this Underpants like?
To sum it up, he basically thinks he's the smartest guy in the world.
So what's his relationship to Hirasawa?
Apparently, they met when they were in the same seminar freshman year.
They yell at each other whenever they meet, so they don't seem friendly,
but they're actually pretty close.
I see.
So, why did he stop coming to college?
I don't really know, but two years ago, we suddenly got word
that his only pair of pants had blown away,
and he was never setting foot outside again.
Hirasawa says he's been a shut-in ever since.
His pants? I don't get it...
You shouldn't take what oddballs like that say at face value.
He was boasting that he'd predict all the workings of the world,
so I bet he actually succeeded, and then got sick of everything.
That's the World Computer thing?
Yep. I'm gonna sleep a while.
Well? How's the real estate contract?
Pretty much problem-free.
I checked with the government office,
but I can't find anything fishy about Takky.
Okay. So all we need now
are an official company name and registration for our seal?
Yep.
I wonder what we should call ourselves?
But I get the feeling that place is too big for us right now.
What we need is the minimum amount of space to maintain our system,
not a huge amount of physical room.
But there might be a great way to use it.
In zombie movies, shopping malls are symbols of a decadent civilization
and the final paradise the minority holes up in.
So that place may be our undeniable Eden.
I see.
But what if we NEETs are actually the ever-multiplying zombies?
We might not be the ones who really want to escape into the mall.
What is this? Does he use different aliases for different purposes?
No, that's Akira Takizawa for sure!
Okada is a killer.
No, this guy's Koji Kise.
Criminal! Expose his address!
I'll get the dirt on you now, before it's too late!
It's over there.
The corner room on the second floor is where Underpants lives.
Hey, pretty cool.
Excuse us!
What now?
You received orders from Hirasawa, right?
He says, Check out the old texts
in order to find out Akira Takizawa's secrets.
It's not just the texts... we have to find out what that phone is.
Hello! Underpants, are you here?
Yutaka Itazu
Oh, I get it.
He's Underpants because his last name looks like under and pants.
Yutaka Underpants- that's a great name!
You can't say stuff like that! You have to be more flattering!
What? Then you call for him, Mittan.
Quit shootin' off your mouths in front of my damn apartment!
What, you here, Micchon?
Are you Underpants?
I got no interest in you!
Is the bakery girl here, too?
Yeah, long time no see. How are you?
Sorry, but swing by a convenience store
and buy me a photo magazine and a literary magazine.
What? Buy them on the internet.
No time.
The whereabouts of the missin' NEETs, the truth about Careless Monday,
even testimony from a guy who survived havin' his dick cut off...
Things've been developin' fast here since the PM said Uncle!
I can't be waitin' for somebody to ship stuff here!
You leave the phone there and go home.
I'll salvage it when I've got some free time.
You just wait patiently in Tokyo.
What the hell?
Aw, just go buy it for him.
Let's go, Micchon.
Nice try, but I won't meet with you!
Say, Itazu. Are you interested in Selecao-related incidents?
Don't get interested in my sophisticated research!
You'll corrupt my data!
First off, I don't want a guy who wears vintage jeans buttin' in!
And I bet you just learned the word Selecao
from when that lamebrain Opposition jerk said it in the Diet!
Maybe. But you know...
I wonder if he'll let us in when we bring him the magazines.
Who cares? I don't want to go in there.
But we need to get him to fix that phone...
I know! Why don't we buy Itazu some gym clothes?
Then he can go outside.
I think that would be seriously offensive.
Why?
I mean, I doubt he's really a shut-in just because he lost his pants.
Oh...
You're right...he's tellin' him to say uncle.
See?
How did you catch on?
Because I did it.
And I think I can give you some real dirt on the NEET disappearance,
the Johnny Hunter thing that people keep confusing with it,
the accidents in Roppongi yesterday, and their relationship to the Selecao.
On the net, it's actually the default
to talk about the NEETs and the Johnny Hunter as one issue.
Who the hell are you?
I'm telling you, I'm a Selecao.
Come on, open up, Itazu.
See, I think you'll understand what I mean if you analyze this phone.
What is that phone?
Each of the twelve Selecao has one.
I guess you could call it a magic phone.
I thought there were only eleven Selecao.
What is this place?
Hosozawa, Hasegawa, Kise, Shibuya, Okada...
The names are different, but they're all the same person as Takizawa.
Saki, that guy is dangerous for sure!
Haruo Kasuga
Haruo Kasuga
Sis
Kazuomi Hirasawa
Koji Miyano
This is Hirasawa.
Hirasawa, is Saki there with you?
No, something came up and she went to Kyoto.
Kyoto?! Why?!
It's for this Takizawa thing.
I sent her to see Underpants.
-Is she with Takizawa? -Yeah...
Idiot! How could you?!
Micchon's with them. What's the problem?
That's not the issue! Come to the movie theater in Toyosu right now.
And check out the posts on the Akira Takizawa pic I uploaded to Eden!
He's a criminal!
And he might be involved in a really serious incident!
Look.
I've lived in seclusion for two years because of my missing pants.
But I feel for these 20,000 NEETs from around Japan, my compatriots,
and I've done an about-face
and decided to solve their disappearance from my apartment,
then go back out into the sunlight again.
You better not be tryin' to trick me.
Nope.
The night is a seal
If we mix in some bewilderment, it will end
If we're in danger of wavering, let's just abandon our reasons
We drown in dreams again
The future stretches on uncertainly
I can still forgive you, I can still know the meaning
The night exists to be listened to closely
I can copy that reason, and change
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future to know your breath
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future
