Closed
Sangetsu Bakery
First you skip out on your trip, then you stay out all night, eh?
Ryosuke...
I thought you were going on the graduation trip
to leave your school mood behind.
What about your job interview? My senior there was pissed at you.
um...
I'm glad you weren't in an accident or anything.
You'd better retreat fast. If Asako finds you, she'll chew you out.
Episode 4: Real Reality, Fabricated Reality
It's seriously inconvenient having no memories.
Hey, did I kill 20,000 NEETs?
I'm sorry; I don't have a clear grasp of what happened to them afterwards.
But it's true that I gathered 20,000 NEETs here, right?
-Yes. -For real?!
I wonder if I really did do it...
And why was I chosen to be a Selecao, anyway?
I couldn't say. I haven't been informed of the selection criteria.
I see, you haven't been informed...
-Correct. -What's the Supporter then?
The Supporter is one of the twelve Selecao,
and is a system responsible for eliminating those unfit to be saviors.
I really couldn't say.
So basically, it's pointless to ask you about me.
That is correct.
Then who should I ask?! Try putting yourself in my shoes!
Come to think of it, that guy told me to ask the other Selecao.
Selecao Activity History
What the heck? He's practically got something going every minute.
Hey, is Number 5 just asking you to do things all the time?
No, when we get complex requests,
we divide them into several steps and carry them out separately.
So this all stems from one request?
Selecao Activity History
Hey Juiz, would you find out who had an MRI machine delivered
two days ago from Toyo Medical Tech?
Accepted. I pray you shall continue to be a savior.
Exit
Exit Here
Road Closed
The missile landing site...
Hey, that's dangerous!
Sheesh, couldn't he see the sign?
I thought he was just gonna fling his bike off the edge!
You know, like in that movie.
What are you talking about?
There's an old young-adult movie where he flings his scooter in the last scene.
Do you know the title of that one?
Nobody watches young-adult movies these days.
Really?
Johnny!
Johnny! Johnny!
Ow!
Stop it!
Why, you! Cut it out!
You guys are useless!
Hey, are you okay?
Quadrophenia.
Huh?!
That's the title of the movie you were talking about.
Hey, that's right!
Quadrophenia.
Don't lump me in with that guy. I'm not particularly in despair right now.
How do I get to the Kan-Etsu Expressway, again?
Yes. And it seems like it was this morning before she finally got home.
Yes. Apparently she stayed over at Micchon's last night.
Saki! Osugi's on the phone for you!
Hurry and get up!
I'm awake.
He was so worried, he called over and over.
-Hello. -Sorry, were you asleep?
No. Sorry I didn't contact you sooner.
No, I'm just happy you're okay.
Did you stay over at Micchon's last night?
Yeah.
Oh. So, what happened with your interview?
They let me reschedule for tomorrow.
Oh, good.
Hey, want to go together?
I have prospective employee training starting tomorrow.
What? But isn't this out of your way?
No problem! Interviews make you feel really alone, right?
It's easier to be brave with someone else around.
Sure, thanks.
Okay, see you tomorrow...
Micchon's?
What am I doing?
Hiura General Hospital
Excuse me, I believe someone at this hospital bought an MRI machine yesterday.
Who bought it?
That's an odd question...
If I had to venture a guess, I'd say perhaps the director.
Got it. In that case, sorry to trouble you,
but could you tell the director I'm here?
Pardon? I'm sorry, but do you have an appointment...?
No, but I think he'll see me if you tell him a Selecao is here.
Here's my cell phone number.
It's like there's only old people around...
Literary Plan
Unknown Source of Funding
Hospital Director Hajime Hiura Purchased a Bankrupt Regional Hospital
Rumors of Rampant Bribery in the Prefectural Assembly
You don't need to read this trash.
To us, Dr. Hiura is a savior. No matter what anybody says.
A savior?
Saki Morimi?
Hello?
Would you be the one calling himself a Selecao?
Um, my name is Takizawa.
How did you find me here?
Well, I found out where the MRI machine in your log was delivered.
Hmm... What number are you?
-Pardon? -What number Selecao are you?
Number 9.
I see, so Number 9 is the Supporter.
Hold on a minute. That Kondou guy said the same thing to me,
but what does it mean?
And would Kondou refer to Number 4?
Yeah.
Say, why don't we talk face to face?
Apparently I erased my own memory, and I can't remember anything.
Not about this phone, or Selecao,
or this game we're supposedly playing.
So I'd just like you to tell me about it, that's all.
Please!
I don't mind you killing me,if that's the rule.
However, I'm not inclined to be killed while I still have money left.
Er, I'm not going to kill you.
Well, I suppose it's fine. I'll have someone bring you medicine.
If you take it, you should find out how you got that cell phone.
Um, what is the medicine, exactly?
You'll find out.
That was fast! So I don't have time to think about this?!
Fine, I'll take it.
What kind of doctor poisons someone in a hospital?
jeez, he's some doctor!
Good day. This is Mr. Outside.
Mr. Outside?
Acting on my own highly personal convictions,
I have decided to peremptorily select twelve saviors
in order to save this country.
I am calling those twelve the Selecao,
and I have appointed one of them as the Supporter.
Starting today, you are a Selecao. Congratulations.
a fanatic supporter of the team as well as a cold-hearted watchman.
Please be aware that if you do not function correctly as a Selecao,
you will be judged harshly by the Supporter.
So I'm not the Supporter, then.
Only I know which of the twelve is the Supporter.
It might be you, or it might not.
As for the twelve, they are people I recognize
to have strongly wished to be Selecao, whether they realized it or not.
Therefore, you will not be allowed to refuse this task.
The phone I've given you contains ten billion yen.
I leave its use entirely to your discretion.
I'd like you to lead this country in the right direction
using whatever ideas you may have.
However, this ten billion cannot be converted to cash.
Should you have any requests,
a concierge is available to assist you at all times
if you push the center button on your phone.
The cost of these requests will be deducted from your ten billion yen,
and other Selecao will be notified of your usage history.
Finally, let me tell you about the penalties involved.
Be aware that Selecao who meet the following conditions
will meet a swift and sure death at the hands of the Supporter.
First: Those who seek to abandon their mission and escape.
Second: Those who go a long period of time without using their phone
and achieve no results.
Third: Those who exhibit a pattern of using the ten billion
fortheir own personal desires instead of in the national interest.
Fourth: Those whose balance reaches zero before they've saved the country.
However, this list is by no means exhaustive.
I'd like all chosen ones to take the utmost responsibility for their actions.
In addition, only the first Selecao to accomplish the mission
will ultimately survive.
As soon as someone crosses the finish line,
the remaining Selecao will be automatically eliminated.
What the heck? So just getting chosen is a penalty!
That will be all from me.
If you successfully find a way to save this country
and cross the finish line first, you will automatically be brought to me.
Noblesse oblige. I sincerely pray you shall be a savior.
Was it like this foryou when you got your phone, too, Mr. Hiura?
I suppose it was a little theatrical.
Why did you do this?
You see, I wanted to live to see my request granted
at today's Prefectural Assembly meeting.
So I put you to sleep, in case you were the Supporter.
What I showed you should be more or less correct.
That day I stumbled into a taxi drunk,
and the next thing I knew, I was covered in vomit facing a strange box.
You didn't have to reproduce the vomit part...
So, do you know what he meant when he said you wanted to play this game?
No.
But, in a way, yes.
I'd felt the limitations of myself as a brain surgeon for some time.
In the end, one doctor can only save so many people in his lifetime.
Look.
I gathered patients in this neighborhood,
and at the same time had their families move here,
and had the law changed so that we could hire them.
It's simple.
I took the elderly this country was on the verge of abandoning,
and used my ten billion to create a private hospital
where we could hire them as manpower.
Now if I can just get the local government to run this system,
my work will be done.
Were all of your purchases bribes?
Juiz is brilliant.
In this short span of time, she's won over the entire Assembly.
Juiz did? Wait a sec...
So does this mean that I and the other Selecao will die?
No, I doubt it.
This is just my personal ideal hospital, nothing more.
I doubt it impresses Mr. Outside.
If this isn't enough to win, what the hell else would you have to do?
That Outside guy is a demon.
To me, he seems more like a generous god.
We've gotten pulled into a real troublesome game.
I don't want to die either, but how about I give you half of my money?
I'm grateful for your thoughtfulness,
but I've never been in this to win.
What else would you like to ask?
I don't know who you are, either.
What have I been doing? I think I've used about two billion.
A shopping mall in that ghost town, 500 containers for sea transport,
and entertainment expenses on the Foreign Office.
And you seem to have done quite a bit else.
Did I... kill a lot of people?
Sorry, but I don't think I'll tell you.
Why not?
You had some goal so important you erased your memory for it, right?
judging from the logs, pre-amnesia Number 9 was a pretty appealing guy.
Yet you actually gave up your past to place your bets on your new self.
So I think you should stay how you are.
I'm glad I got to meet you before I died.
Please, cut that out! You're still...
I pray you shall be a savior.
This is Juiz.
Hi, Juiz I owe you for all your help.
Thanks to you, I've been able to spend my money meaningfully.
Nonsense, I should apologize for how little I've been able to assist you.
No, you've done plenty. Thank you.
So you're the Supporter?
I'm prepared for this. I have no regrets.
The Supporter?!
Mr.Hiura, you're too nice.
I don't accept this.
I won't be satisfied until I punch out the guy
who forced this stupid phone on us.
The night is a seal
If we mix in some bewilderment, it will end
If we're in danger of wavering, let's just abandon our reasons
We drown in dreams again
The future stretches on uncertainly
I can still forgive you, I can still know the meaning
The night exists to be listened to closely
I can copy that reason, and change
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future to know your breath
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future
