Ladies and gentlemen, we are now preparing for landing.
Please fasten your seatbelts tightly.
Did I wake you up? Good morning.
Say, that's from the missile attack we saw on the news in D.C., right?
Looks like it.
And there's a bunch of other places like it.
Are they from missiles too?
Yeah, they are.
For real?
But those craters are from Careless Monday, I think.
Careless Monday?
Come to think of it, today is Monday.
Episode 2: Melancholy Monday
Inbox
Osugi Osugi Osugi Osugi Osugi Osugi
They're all from osugi...
I didn't make it in time for that job interview after all...
One Boy and Girl Were Saved
They're saying a plane crashed because of the missile.
The Eleventh Missile!!
One Boy and Girl Were Saved
It looks like a six-year-old boy and girl miraculously survived...
The Eleventh Missile!!
Survivors of the Plane Crash!
No way, the missile killed people?!
Yeah.
But there were no casualties at all last time.
oh, so that's why everything is so...
What do you mean, there were no casualties before?
Yeah, nobody died on Careless Monday, right?
-Why not?! -Why not?
Caller: Osugi
Hello.
Oh, Saki? Thank goodness! Are you at the airport already?
Sounds like she arrived on schedule.
Yeah.
We're all fine. There wasn't any damage at your sister's place, either.
Yeah.
You've got an interview with that company that's hiring you, right?
We're in a car on our way to pick you up. Yeah. That's right.
Osugi, you're saying that easily, but we'll never make it on time.
Shh!
No, it's fine, so just wait there. We'll be sure to make it on time-
S-Saki?!
We got cut off. I wonder if it's because of that missile?
I don't think so.
What's with all of you?
You guys sure are close.
You just got back from that trip to America together two days ago!
More importantly, there's no place for Saki to sit now!
Your boyfriend?
No.
Now you've got a call, Takizawa.
-Hello? -This is Juiz.
You, huh?
Number 9, you've entered the Selecao system's effective range.
Please immediately carry out your obligation as one of the haves.
My obligation as one of the haves?
Hang on a second, Juiz!
Juiz?
Oh, hello! My name is Morimi.
-Could you put me through to Yamada in Human Resources? -I have no idea what you're talking about.
If you know why I erased my memories, please tell me.
I don't know; I merely procured the means for you to do so.
If you have any further requests, please don't hesitate to let me know.
The remaining money available to you totals 8,262,307,719 yen.
You have a duty to use all of it.
Duty? Not a right?
Correct. I am your concierge.
I will continue to help you to the best of my ability.
I don't really get it,
but does that basically mean you'll do anything I say?
In plain terms, yes.
okay, then- I'm in the airport right now, and I'd like to leave fast.
Well? Can you do it?
Accepted. Noblesse oblige. I pray you shall continue to be a savior.
Number 9? Is that me?
Excuse me, please clear a path.
Wh-What?
Please go question a 24-year-old unemployed man
suspected of being involved in the mass disappearance of the NEETs.
If a bunch of shut-ins actually left home, isn't that a good thing?
Now what?
Selecao Activity History
Number 9?
What's this? It's an obvious bribe!
And plum chewing gum? He's totally thoughtless...
Wait a second.
Thank you.
Wow, so you can also use it this way.
Selecao Activity History
He's gotta be a star!
Thanks!
Um, this is super-embarrassing...
I wonder if they've got you mixed up with someone else?
or wait, are you actually a celebrity?!
Who knows?
Hey, Takizawa.
Do you have any plans right now or anything?
No.
The truth is, my plans for today are all thrown off, so I'm free now.
Would you like to go grab a cup of tea with me or something?
Um, sorry for saying something so weird,
but actually I have no clue who I am.
I have no memory of anything before the White House.
I can't remember my name, or what I've been doing, or anything.
So, the first thing I have to do is figure out who I am,
so I think I'll start by going to the address on my passport.
So let's say goodbye here. See you!
No way!
Number 9 is supposed to have been dead.
Maybe somebody picked up his phone?
otherwise nobody but me would use it for stuff like this.
What was with him? I thought we were getting along so well!
What an awful face. Maybe I didn't smile enough?
Your smile was just great!
-Hi. -What are you doing?
You're breaking social rules here!
Um, where is Toyosu, again?
And now he's just waltzed onto the monorail.
I did want to get a look at him, but...
-What is it? -This address is right next to a crater.
Where a missile hit on Careless Monday.
I think this area is in ruins now...
I wonder if my house is gone, then...
Hey, just how many of those craters are there?
Why was there even a missile attack in the first place?
I think there were eleven missiles total, if you count yesterday's.
I don't know why, but last year on Monday, November 22nd,
they suddenly came flying at us.
The SDF and the police and the politicians
never dreamed Japan would be subject to a missile attack...
So on a special newscast, the Prime Minister actually said, I was careless.
And that's why it's called Careless Monday?
Yep. And afterwards, it came to light that there were no deaths.
The internet and the mass media went crazy trying to find out who did it.
Saying it was a neighboring country's attack,
or an American conspiracy, or that our government did it all...
But the whole thing was just too improbable,
so people kind of lost their sense of crisis...
It was rash of us, but we got a little excited,
anticipating that maybe something even bigger would happen.
Where are you, Number 9?
Selecao Activity History
I was right. Dammit, he should still be here...
I lost him?
Hey, Mister.
We have the same cell phone.
Have you lost your memory too, Mister?
Huh? What are you talking about?
Oh, nothing! Sorry, I was just curious.
Bye!
Hold on there, kid. Are you Selecao?
Selecao?
I'm a police officer.
These are dangerous times. I'm going to check your ID just in case.
My ID?
Akira Takizawa, with an address in Toyosu.
I see. Next time you say crazy stuff to me, I'll haul you in.
I'll be careful.
Okay, Detective, see you later!
So he's Selecao No. 9?
That was bad.
You can go when the boat gets here. I think I can make it the rest of the way.
Here's your coffee, and 760 yen in change.
Thanks. You can keep the change. You haven't got any cash, right?
Great, thanks.
I hope your place is still there.
Well, if it's not, I'll figure something out.
I know- since I'm such a blank slate, tell me about you instead.
About me?
Yeah, as much as you can before the boat gets here.
Um, I'm a senior in college, and I'll be working starting in April...
oh, so you'll be working. Where?
Where my sister's husband used to work.
So you have an older sister.
Yeah. Um, I don't want you to walk on eggshells with me about it,
but I don't have any parents.
It was an accident. My sister was already married,
and I thought I'd forget about college and start working,
but she and her husband took over the family business for me,
and let me go to college.
She's a nice sister.
Yeah. Ryosuke, too...
oh, he's Sis's husband.
She had a baby last year, which makes four of us living together.
What's Ryosuke like?
Stop rushing me!
Ryosuke is a very sincere person.
They've been going out since my sister was in college.
I knew they'd get married from the moment I met him...
So he's cool.
Yeah, I guess my sister's got decent taste.
Sounds good. It really feels like you're family.
But it's not all good.
I'm ashamed that I've been such a burden on them.
Oh.
Listening to you, I think I got just one of my memories back.
Really?
When I was about five, someone in a department store gave me 500 yen.
They said, Go buy whatever you want with this.
And when I hesitated about doing it alone,
they said, It's okay. If you've got money, a kid's as good as an adult.
I forget what I bought, but I clearly remember
that the man at the register bowed deeply to me when I paid.
I got all happy, and turned around to say that Mom had been right...
Hey, this is a memory of my mom!
But when I turned around, she was gone,
and I think I never saw her again.
Oh, no...
But hey, I remembered that I had a mom!
See you.
Wait... I don't even have your email address yet...
Hit me, Bartender.
The monorail, bubble gum, a bribe for Immigration...
Selecao Activity History
A brainwashing program from the Harima Neuroscience Institute...
I don't know why, but he did something to his own memories.
Selecao Activity History
And then there's the shopping mall in Toyosu.
But how is this supposed to be helping Japan?
In a sense, this guy might be even worse than me.
You're in a good mood.
Yeah, looks like good luck's starting to come my way again.
Glad to hear it, Mr. Kondou.
In that case, please hurry up and return my 20 million.
or you can give me a list of the PD's multiple debtors instead.
Yeah. Yeah. I was held up forever at the airport...
Yeah. I'll explain that tomorrow. I'm staying at Micchon's tonight.
Yeah. Sorry.
Hey, you said you went to New York, right?
-Yeah. -So did you go to Fifth Avenue?
Yeah, I went to Tiffany's! I didn't buy anything, but...
This is Times Square. I went to see The Lion King at night.
Wow. Where else did you go?
I went to Central Park, I saw the Statue of Liberty,
I walked the Brooklyn Bridge...
That Gothic bridge?
Yep! You know your stuff!
I've just seen it in movies.
This bridge had a time portal in that Meg Ryan movie, right?
I don't know. I don't really watch movies.
Huh. I thought any girl would've seen that one.
Damn, my memory for movies is awfully vivid, but...
What others do you remember? Maybe we'll find a clue to your memories.
What's your favorite movie?
Let's see... Well, I've forgotten just about everything about myself...
Oh.
Hey, what's this?
That's the Freedom Tower.
Freedom Tower?
The new building on the site of Ground Zero.
You mean as in 9/11?
Huh... I don't think this has made it into the movies yet.
It was mysterious; so smooth and pretty...
I wanted to see Ground Zero,
but there's no trace anymore of how it was ten years ago.
But somehow I feel like I mustn't forget about that attack...
C'mere a sec.
How's that? Ground Zero.
Can I have a copy of this photo?
Sure.
I don't know how. You do it.
Mr. Kondou, if things keep up this way,
I'm afraid I'll be forced to visit your place of work.
Whatever.
Juiz, kill these two.
Accepted. Noblesse oblige. I pray you shall continue to be a savior.
Shutup
What are you doing?
I'm going to do my life over.
Has being cornered like this made you go crazy?
Bang.
Bang.
Him too, Juiz.
Sorry.
Bang.
These days, a lone cop can't carry out justice no matter how hard he tries.
Selecao Activity History
Well, whatever. Just you wait, Number 9.
I'll take over your obligations.
The night is a seal
If we mix in some bewilderment, it will end
If we're in danger of wavering, let's just abandon our reasons
We drown in dreams again
The future stretches on uncertainly
I can still forgive you, I can still know the meaning
The night exists to be listened to closely
I can copy that reason, and change
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future to know your breath
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future
