It's turned into a slum.
But it looks like there are still people in the apartments.
I wonder if you live in an apartment, too?
Who knows? The address looks like a freestanding house... Yeah, as if!
Episode 3: On the night of the Late Show
It's over there.
Ground zero of the blast is that way, so your place should be fine.
Yeah...
But you know, those buildings don't look like people live in them...
Let's at least go check it out.
This is it.
You're... sure you've got the right place, right?
It's the right address.
It opened.
There should be a power source somewhere.
But would a person normally live in a place like this?
Tell me about it...
Doesn't it remind you of anything?
You found the key without thinking about it...
Mmm, I've got a sort of feel for it, but...
Takizawa!
What?
That scared me.
What are you doing here, little guy?
Hey!
This must be where you live. I mean, it looks like he really knows you.
It's true, he does seem to know me.
Sorry to ask such a big favor. I know it's out of your jurisdiction.
I'm just doing my job.
Then sorry, but would you wait an hour for me?
If I'm not back by then you can just go on home.
Does that kid really live here?
The log does say he bought this whole place...
You're not the only one who wants to erase your memories.
You better be in there.
Looks like we can go upstairs.
You live in a shopping mall! Isn't that amazing?
But seriously, living in a place like this?
It's like something out of Dawn of the Dead.
Is that a movie, too?
Uh-huh.
But I'm sure we'll find out something if we investigate.
The newspaper was being delivered and everything.
There should be mail, and the registration for this place...
I'll kill you for sure,
Takizawa!
For real? This is where that photo was taken!
It looks like this is where Akira Takizawa lives,
but what the hell was I doing here?
Takizawa! What's wrong? Did you find something?
Nope, nothing at all!
It's a movie theater...
What, did you want to invite us to a late show?
Is that where you live, boy?
What is this place?
Hey, this is a pretty nice apartment!
This has to be your home, Takizawa.
I wonder...
It's gotta be. Look, you remembered all about those movies, right?
That must be because you were the manager here or something!
Manager, huh?
You can see ground zero from here, too.
You're right...
Oh, I know! Are there any movies you like?
Request any one you want.
I'm pretty sure I can play it.
I don't know much about movies, since I don't watch many of them...
You can think of at least one, can't you?
Like the one you saw on your first date, or something.
Um, well, then... That French movie with the dolphin and the diver.
Oh, I know that one.
Even though you don't remember a thing about yourself?
Too true. But why that movie?
Because the person I always loved liked that movie.
Hey, Juiz, I need a favor. There's a movie I want to see right now.
Yeah. I'm in the movie theater in Toyosu right now.
The police?
All right, I'll look into the movies sent to that theater.
Please wait a few moments.
Noblesse oblige. I pray you'll be a savior tonight as well.
Dunno about that, but I'd at least like to be a gentleman.
What the heck is this place, a refugee camp?
And this mountain of cell phones...
I get it, so that kid is involved in the NEET disappearance?
So a Selecao was behind the missile attack and that case...
I'd've scored a serious coup if I'd actually checked activity histories
instead of just using the money.
Well, I'm getting myself a new eight billion and doing life over,
so it's got nothing to do with me anymore.
Oh, right. Gotta turn my cell phone off before the movie starts.
The number you're calling is either out of range or powered off.
I do have to take my hat off to Osugi's effort, anyway.
I think his struggles are futile, though.
Tell everyone I stayed at your place tonight! Please! That's what I told Asako. Please!
Tell everyone I stayed at your place tonight.
Please. That's what I told Asako.
Hey, when did you get this?!
I guess around eleven.
What?
We're going home, Osugi.
I wonder where she's really staying...
The Cold Blue
Maybe I was the projectionist here after all, like in Cinema Paradiso.
Wow, what a huge screen!
Is this the place?
Where is he?
Ah, over there.
Here by yourself, Detective?
Then you're not here to arrest me.
You noticed me.
You could say that.
So you came for a personal visit?
I was wondering, but... This thing sure saved me.
I see, so you checked into my log?
By log, do you mean this?
Also, what's Selecao? See, the thing is, I have amnesia,
and I don't remember anything about myself.
So there's a lot of things I'd like to ask you.
Did you really erase your memories?
I wonder what happened to Takizawa?
I see. So Harima Neuroscience Institute's brainwashing program
really can erase memories.
I'll use it myself sometime.
But first, I need to get that phone from you.
You were careless, kid.
What is that phone? How much was on yours?
Hmm? You're sure persistent.
I'm taking the money left on this thing.
I'd guess you started out with ten billion, like me.
But there's no way anyone could save this rotten-to-the-core country
with a measly ten billion!
How dare they pull me into this stupid obligation?!
Detectives sure are strong...
Mister... that girl has nothing... to do with this...
Killing people costs money. I'm not going to do anything wasteful.
Oh, right. I'll tell you one thing.
When the money on a Noblesse phone runs out,
someone called the Supporter apparently comes to kill its owner.
That's the rule.
Too bad, kid. That girl may live, but you're going to die.
This makes us even, Mister.
What's a Supporter? Yet another mystery...
Sorry... It doesn't look like I'm going to make the late show...
You...
Do you know where Takizawa went?
If he didn't want to be with me, he could've just said so.
Ow...
Nice message.
You Jerk!
Okay, shall we go return this?
I got money for us to fool around for life on.
I called for a car, so meet me in Kabukicho.
Selecao Activity History
I've used it all up.
It's the same model, so it should work the same way!
Dammit. Guess I'll ask Juiz.
Hello, this is Juiz.
There's something I want to ask you.
What would happen if someone else got their hands on this?
Could anyone use it?
It employs fingerprint recognition, so no one else would be able to use it.
Is there a problem?
No, that makes things safe. I see. Talk to you later.
The end...
Dammit, why do I always screw things up like this?!
Public Phone
Saki
Me
It's thanks to you.
Hurry up and answer, man.
You're there, aren't you, Mister?
Come on, Detective Kondou.
And here I am trying to return your precious ID to you!
At least answer the phone.
How did you...?
Finally.
Where are you, Mister?
In the middle of Kabukicho. Get your ass over here right now!
Kabukicho... So, how do I get there, again?
Are you yanking my chain?!
I told you, I have no memories...
Okay, go toward Kiba and take the Metropolitan Expressway, right?
Kabukicho First Street
Misae...
What are you doing here...?
What's this money for us to fool around for life on?
How do you know about that?
I can't believe you wrote a text to your lover and then sent it to your wife.
This ends it.
What's wrong, Mister?
Shut up, kid.
I'll call you an ambulance.
Don't poke your nose in. It looks like this is the end for me.
Don't just up and die! I still have things I want to ask-
Who cares?
There should be ten other Selecao besides us with the same phones.
The Selecao are players forced to participate in this damn game.
Purchase logs go to your phone, too, don't they?
Use those to find other Selecao and ask them about the rest of it.
Ask them, Who am I?
That is, assuming there's anyone willing to meet
a dangerous Selecao like you.
A dangerous Selecao?
You gathered 20,000 NEETs at ground zero and tried to kill them, right?
Wait, or are you the Supporter?
So that's it. That's why Misae...
I have no clue what you're talking about!
You got me. Take this and get lost.
Hurry up and get lost!
I lose.
In the beginning, I was trying to carry out justice, too...
The night is a seal
If we mix in some bewilderment, it will end
If we're in danger of wavering, let's just abandon our reasons
We drown in dreams again
The future stretches on uncertainly
I can still forgive you, I can still know the meaning
The night exists to be listened to closely
I can copy that reason, and change
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future to know your breath
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future
