Juiz, it looks like I did it again.
-You killed? -Yes.
I think we're in the same location as usual.
I've pinpointed it. Room number 1109.
Could you deal with the aftermath?
I'll leave the method to you, but as elegantly as possible, please.
I know.
Noblesse oblige. I pray that you shall continue to be a savior.
Episode 5: This Is No Time to Be Thinking About That...
So before I lost my memory,
I was already involved in this thorny game...
If I think of it as having sold my life to that Mr. Outside dude
for ten billion yen, that's a major deal...
Damn it to hell! This pisses me off!
Who is this Mr. Outside, anyway?!
I won't be happy until I punch out that stupid jerk!
That was close.
Don't I get killed by the Supporter if I throw this out?
Akira Takizawa.
You bastard!
Why you low down, dirty...
Who are you? The Supporter?
It's your fault!
Where's this coming from?!
Don't play dumb with me!
What do you think we've been through these past two months?!
You said you were going to take us to a consumer's paradise,
and then you abandoned us in the middle of the damn desert!
Then some Indian site foreman railed at us for being useless weaklings,
and we survived endless hungry, pathetic days
with no money and no idea what was going on!
Who are you?
Wait, did your memories...
Oh, whatever.
Meat buns.
I'm getting married next month, to a girl from over there.
I don't know why you sent us to Dubai,
but at the very least, it helped me reenter society.
Later.
What the hell?
Sangetsu Bakery
Sorry to make you do this when you're about to give an interview.
I've just got no eye for things like that.
It's fine, I do it all the time.
I modeled these after your self-portrait.
I think they'll probably be rough on you at the interview,
but that's when you have to give it your all.
Right.
But if you just can't take it, you don't have to strain yourself.
What do you mean?
We'll take care of you until you find something you really want to do.
I can't cause you any more trouble.
It's no trouble. You're family,
What a thing to say.
I'm telling you, that kindness hurts.
Saki.
Morning.
Sorry, I didn't notice you there.
You hardly look like yourself.
Yeah, I guess we never saw each otherwhile we were job hunting.
You're right.
It feels like I haven't seen you in ages.
Even though we just went on a graduation trip together...
Did you hear about Hirasawa?
He's deferring his graduation for a year.
Apparently he decided on it while we were in New York.
Oh. I've had my suspicions since he said he wouldn't go on the trip, but...
Yeah.
We started our club with the idea of eventually turning it into a business,
so I understand how he feels...
But it's the kind of choice you can't make if your family's not rich.
He's always down on himself,
saying things like, Our generation are NEETs at heart, you know?
But I think he could make a good stab at life in the workforce.
You know, Hirasawa actually has six tentative job offers.
He just hasn't said anything.
But even a guy like that can end up 30 or 40 years old,
griping about the society he couldn't commit to.
I don't want Hirasawa to turn out like that.
Don't you agree?
I think you're right, Osugi.
Saki, do you have some time after your interview today?
Why?
Uh, well, want to eat together?
A combined celebration of graduating and finding jobs.
We're dressed up, after all, so let's splurge a little.
I think I'll wrap up before 2:00, so I'll come pick you up.
Mm-hmm.
Yes!
Congratulations. So you've officially remembered the rules.
I haven't actually remembered them...
And this save Japan thing is just too vague!
So, I've been wondering exactly how possible that really is.
What do you mean?
Well...Like, there can't be that many people you'd give a phone to
that was capable of anything up to ten billion, right?
Out of all Japan, it'd be the Prime Minister or something.
Personally, I get the feeling only the real elites could pull it off.
So I've been wondering if we could make the Prime Minister cry uncle.
Lucky you, you've got an easy life.
-Accepted. -Huh?
Noblesse oblige. Please wait in front of the TV.
I pray you shall be a savior.
The TV?
These documents suggest that the missiles used on Careless Monday
Lower House Committee on Audit and Oversight of Administration
Broadcast from Lower House Committee Room 1
may have been those newly deployed by the Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Lower House Committee on Audit and Oversight of Administration
People's Representative Party, Sewa Policy Research Group Osamu Yamamoto
Mr. Prime Minister, isn't it true that you knew
the missiles which hit our major cities were MSDF cruise missiles?!
Lower House Committee on Audit and Oversight of Administration
People's Representative Party, Sewa Policy Research Group Osamu Yamamoto
And we've also received info that the terrorists who caused this
are part of an organization calling itself Selecao.
Relay
The Prime Minister has the floor.
-Uncle. -We can't hear you!
Uncle.
That's not what I meant!
Okay, I get what you're capable of.
But still...
Saki Morimi?
Oh, crap! I never read that message from yesterday!
I went home this morning without saying anything,
but did something happen to you?!
I made her worry...
Takizawa...
Sorry I couldn't make it to the late show.
My memories aren't coming back, but I'm doing fine.
Say, how about we meet up now? There's something I want to ask you.
Now's not the time.
She's not responding... I wonder if she's angry.
Guess I'll go apologize in person.
Juiz, about that girl I was with yesterday...
Yeah.
Did you see that Diet broadcast?
I hear just saying Uncle sent his approval ratings up 10.
Selecao Activity History
So you can get that for 60 yen, eh?
Selecao Activity History
Selecao Activity History
Juiz, it's me.
If you want to be professional models, just forget it.
You'll have an easier time of it if you practice moderation.
My, Number 9 has really started changing his approach since his return.
Did anyone watch the Diet broadcast?
I wonder how Number 1 will respond to this.
A realist and a romantic.
I have no intention of taking either side, but as for cuteness...
Oh, that's right. Do I have any plans for tonight?
Yes, Ma'am.
I may suddenly disappear, so make sure not to lose sight of me.
Ma'am?
You see, I have a feeling I'll do it again tonight.
You were pretty lucky.
As a survivor of that incident,
how do you see the latest missile terrorism?
I'd like to hear your honest opinion.
Well...
Well, up until now there were no casualties,
so that kind of rash opinion was possible.
But there were victims of this recent incident,
so I have the utmost sympathy for...
Oh, never mind. Thanks.
I see, so you're more like the crowd than I thought.
See, I wanted to hear a frank opinion
from one of the young people who will shoulder society's future.
Not a conformist sound opinion.
But anyway, I'm glad you made it through safely.
Where there's life, there's hope.
Okay, since you came all the way here, how about an early lunch?
Our cafeteria is quite well-regarded.
Meeting Room 13
Yes, Sir!
This is weird... Am I in the wrong place?
I'm sorry.
No, it's okay. I'm fine.
Did you see the beef bowl girl?
Oh, yeah! It's been a while since the boss last pulled that trick.
Tell me about it. But you know, the boss may be the bad guy here,
but that girl was super dense!
If she'd caught on after being left alone there for almost an hour,
she wouldn't have had a beef bowl dumped on her.
Yeah, if she'd gotten a clue...
More like, no way she'd land a job in this day and age
after vacationing right up until the day before the interview!
Isn't it naive to think that you can get a job these days
just on the strength of your connections?
Leave me alone!
I thought that was going too far, but you know, she's got talent.
Hello, Sangetsu Bakery.
Yes. Oh, thank you for all you've done for my sister!
Hmm? Oh, yes. Yes.
I see.
Yes. I'll pass on the message. Thank you for calling.
Yes. Goodbye.
Leave me alone!
I wanted to apologize for the day before yesterday,
and there's something I'd like you to tell me, if you would.
So I came in person.
Saki...
I guess it's only natural they'd reject me.
I thought if I sincerely apologized for missing the first interview,
I could work things out, and I thought I'd gotten that chance.
But reality wasn't so kind.
But you know, I don't think they had to dump a beef bowl on me!
Maybe it was tough to reject me because of Ryosuke, but we're adults,
so if they thought they were such better members of society than me,
they could've come out and said it!
The truth is, there was a company I wanted to work at.
But at the interview, I started getting the feeling that maybe
even though they said, You young people are the key players in society,
they really just wanted to use us for their own gain.
So I turned down the job.
Maybe that was stupid?
But I can't go home now.
I love my sister and my niece, but I'm in love with Ryosuke!
I love him so much!
That's why this is painful!
Come to my place. I'll take responsibility for everything.
Hearing you, I've figured out what I need to do.
So you don't have to force yourself to work.
Leave it to me!
Plus, this country's gone so far around the bend
that somebody's got to do something about it, anyway.
Giving someone ten billion yen
and telling them to save the country is just too irresponsible!
And that's why the Johnnys are...
So you don't have to work, Saki. They're the ones it'll hurt in the end.
So until then, you don't have to do anything.
Who are you, really?
Dunno. But I think I'm about to find out.
Osugi, please, tell me what this is about already!
I have no intention of becoming more to you than just a junior in the club.
Don't get the wrong idea, Buster.
Everyone eventually becomes a working adult!
It does no harm to go to a three-star restaurant or two, right?!
Well?!
But why'd you bring me?!
That cost 80,000 yen... No way am I gonna puke it up!
Dammit! What have I been doing?!
If you've got a boyfriend, tell me so!
If you had, I would've backed off right away!
The night is a seal
If we mix in some bewilderment, it will end
If we're in danger of wavering, let's just abandon our reasons
We drown in dreams again
The future stretches on uncertainly
I can still forgive you, I can still know the meaning
The night exists to be listened to closely
I can copy that reason, and change
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future to know your breath
I wouldn't mind cutting off the future
