Redraw?
After what Eiji said about the name, we can't make it into a manuscript.
Hey, what's he mean?
I told you we went to the editorial department yesterday about the whole KOOGY thing, right?
Yeah.
After that, we got together with all the members in the Golden Future Cup and showed each other our names.
And then at the end, Eiji said,
I know which is 3rd, but it's a tie for 1st.
What's that about?
Weren't you guys just having a fun little informal get-together?
That Eiji guy is a little strange.
More than a little.
But he's a genius!
And he was giving his flat out opinion as a genius.
We can't just ignore that.
Our goal is serialization.
We can't mess up here!
Is there really time to write it again?
You guys have barely slept since you started working on it, right?
Your bodies are gonna break down.
Thank you Miyoshi, but no.
If we stop now, we'll definitely end up regretting it.
There are no problems with the story.
The drawings are what need fixing.
I need to get them to make better use of Shuujin's story.
Okay, but I have one condition.
Condition?
Yeah.
Let me touch up the story too!
Eh? There's no need to!
That's just from your perspective as the artist.
After looking at the runner-up king of the Story King's name,
I've been thinking I need to try to aim higher.
Hang on a minute, I'll write down my ideas in note form.
I'm not sure if the stuff is good enough to get serialized,
but we don't have the luxury of holding back here.
Yeah!
You guys sure are idiots.
Yeah, we're still at the dreaming idiot right now.
What's that?
What's this crap about a tie for 1st?
I've got to make it even more intense, more overwhelming!
The kind of shounen manga that nobody reading it could have any complaints about!
Geez... he's redrawing his name for the Golden Future Cup.
I'm in charge of the artwork, so I need to accept the name Aoki-san gives me to make our final work.
She asked me to wait for her to finish the under-sketch on our way home yesterday,
and it's Aoki-san's name, too...
So that means all I can do is try to improve the quality of the final artwork.
Yes! Crow!
I will...
definitely...
win the Golden Future Cup!
That's because it's shounen manga!
KOOGY-san, is your manga manuscript coming along okay?
It's not important how it's going. It's already complete in my mind.
All that's left is to put it on paper so everyone can see it.
This is your second work after the Tezuka Award, correct?
Do you have confidence that you'll win the Golden Future Cup?
Far more than competing with anyone, what's important to me is being able to express my world to others.
After achieving success in things like music, drama, and fashion design,
I thought I'd try to start a revolution in the manga world.
So you're saying you're not concerned with winning or losing?
I wouldn't go that far.
The one who gets 1st in the Golden Future Cup gets close to serialization all at once, right?
And that way, I would be able let even more people know about the the KOOGY world.
Everyone, I hope you'll support me.
Just as I thought.
I edited the composition of the second half a bit.
I went through your checks as well, Nakai-san.
Yeah, this is good!
It's much easier to read than before!
And it's altogether more interesting!
With the added action scenes, it's more shounen manga-ish.
Now I just need to get the look of your world 100 percent right!
No, if I can express it even better than that, I have no doubt we'll win the Golden Future Cup!
Then the two of us will get serialized!
Of course.
Where's Moritaka?
Still sleeping, of course.
He was late yesterday too.
Is that so?
Okay, I'm going.
I don't think I'll be back until the manuscript is done.
Not until it's done? How long will that be?
The deadline is August 2nd.
I should've known you'd be all about this once summer vacation started.
Make sure to eat properly.
And please make sure not to push yourself too far.
I know, I know.
Bye.
Moritaka.
What is it, Grandpa?
Working until you've done something you're happy with is good,
because it's something you chose yourself.
But don't forget those around you who are giving you their support, okay?
Mm, got it.
I'm heading out!
Dad, please don't stir him up too much.
He's still a child.
Kayoko-san, with manga, if you don't draw well, you get left behind.
Dad, have you been sneaking alcohol again?
Ah?
Man, I'm stuffed.
Thanks for the meal.
So how's it going? Think you'll make it?
Well, with the ten days we have left,
we have twenty pages.
So it's two pages a day, huh? Sounds like plenty!
If you split it equally day-by-day, yeah.
Yeah, but we're gonna persevere until the deadline. We want to make a perfect manuscript.
We should be able to make it more interesting!
There are no limits to manga, right?
Yep. No ceiling to drawings or stories.
Isn't that the truth?
I looked over the design for the characters, and I think we've finally got something I'm happy with.
I can't lose either!
I'll go over the lines in my head and make them into something that pulls in the readers more!
Let's give it our best right up to the deadline!
Okay, let's get back to work!
We'll get the Golden Future Cup, then go on to serialization!
Yeah!
All right! Now I'm totally hyped up too!
If you need anything, just say the word! I'll help out!
Thank you, Miyoshi.
Okay.
Let's do this!
Battle start!
Done!
All right, we finished!
I'll go get something to celebrate!
Okay, we're gonna head over to hand this in.
Okay, then we'll celebrate when you get back!
All right, I'm going to call Hattori-san.
Hello, it's Takagi.
Sorry it's so late.
We've got the manuscript done.
Are you okay?
You didn't sleep for the last two days.
Neither did you, Shuujin.
Yeah, but I was resting during that time.
It's okay. There's no way I can fall asleep.
Not until we hand this in.
Once we get serialized, it'll probably feel like this every week.
Not looking forward to it?
No way!
We're finally at a point where we're aiming for serialization.
Instead of dreading it, I'm getting more and more hyped about it!
By the way Shuujin, you said that when you were talking me into being a mangaka, right?
You said you wanted to achieve greatness and to get rich.
Well, back then you said that you couldn't become a mangaka,
and that only a small fraction of geniuses could do it.
Otherwise you're just a gambler.
You've got a good memory.
But I wasn't wrong.
It's certainly been an ordeal,
but every day there are times when I feel like I'm really alive.
And if a gambler strikes it big, they get rich in a second!
Huh?
Keep your voice down.
Anyhow, our goal isn't money.
Right. You're doing this for a woman.
Money... women...
Manga?
So they made the protagonist more shounen manga-ish?
Was this brought on by Fukuda-kun and the others?
So you've edited it in a few places?
Sorry, we didn't talk to you about it.
We thought we could make it a bit better.
I'm not really mad or anything.
Well, I never asked you to check with me.
But anyhow, good job finishing the changes in time.
Yes. We did it because we want to take 1st in the Golden Future Cup no matter what.
Mm.
Futatsu no Chikyuu.
Ichi Oku Bun no.
Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie.
Angel Days.
And this work.
There's no doubt in my mind that you two have grown.
You've done well!
Yes, sir!
Thank you very much!
Ashirogi Muto, Gitantei TRAP!
I hereby accept it!
Thank you very much!
A high school student with a short sword?
These days, not even the yakuza whip those out that simply.
And I still got all cut up...
Kiyoshi, that bleeding's serious! You're in danger!
It's okay if it's just bleeding. But if my guts came out, that'd be lame.
That'd be a gutsy kind of lame.
This isn't the time to be joking around. You'll die!
even if I die, as long as I saved Shouko, I'm fine with it. I don't mind dying for Shouko's sake!
You idiot! If you died, then who do you think would be the one who'd mourn you the most, Kiyoshi?
Uh...
My mom?
Kiyoshi!
I don't know if you're lying or not, but it'd obviously be Shouko-chan.
She didn't give me any chocolate for Valentines...
Don't speak anymore!
No matter how many thousands of sit ups I do every day,
it's all pointless if I can get stabbed so easily and end up like this.
How is it?
It's gotten more interesting since the name we read.
He used a calligraphy pen for the artwork and a lot of slanted lines...
to give it more intensity than the one-shot version.
Can we win against this?
We have to.
The early report for this comes out tomorrow, then the real deal on Friday.
The results come out that fast?
Well, it's a week.
I wonder if Hattori-san'll tell us the results.
He probably will if we ask,
but I doubt he'll go out of his way to tell us.
When our results come out, he might tell us if we did better than Fukuda-san.
So you're saying that if he doesn't tell us anything, it means ours was worse?
Let's just not ask about what results other works are getting.
We'll just concentrate on making our serialization name.
Mm, got it.
Ah, but I'm so worried about it...
I want to be number one...
Oh man, tomorrow's the early report, eh?
Niizuma-sensei, mine was interesting, right?
KIYOSHI is cool!
It was interesting. And the artwork noticeably improved.
The early report for KIYOSHI Knight...
Please!
All right!
Aw man, if Fukuda Shinta follows right after Niizuma Eiji, gets serialized,
and becomes a hit, then I'll be a prime choice to be the next captain!
No, I can't relax yet. Who knows what'll happen in the real deal.
Or what the other three works will get...
Especially Ashirogi Muto.
And Makaino Kouji with totally unpredictable votes...
KOOGY-san, the Monday after next is the deadline.
You understand that, don't you?
I know, I'm just collecting data.
I can't help it if it's a little late, right?
Jump!
Times three!
Times three more!
It's here!
Real deal!
Hello?
Yes.
Just as I expected!
So is it okay for me to start on serialization names for KIYOSHI Knight?
Oh, so you did it!
Congratulations!
You'll submit them for the serialization meeting, right?
AAoki-san...
Fukuda-kun just got a call from his editor.
It sounds like the results for the real deal were really good.
I see. Is that the only matter of importance?
YYes.
I have no real interest in the results of others.
Excuse me.
Shit!
The one who proposed the trade for the painting...
I stole for the surveillance camera video they were gonna use as proof against me...
And that me in the video, too...
It was you?!
I don't know who that person is,
but the fact that you're the one carrying that stolen painting is unshakable proof!
If there's no proof, you just need to make it!
The painting our artist father protected so dearly... Thank you so much.
And about your 10,000 dollar fee...
I just received it.
Eh?
Saori-san, your smile is worth more than 10,000 dollars.
Isn't this awesome?
Our work is running in Weekly Shounen Jack!
TRAP is so interesting!
You'll be all right! You'll win over Kiyoshiko no Yoru.
Kiyoshi no Yoru = Kiyoshi Night
It's not Kiyoshiko no Yoru, it's Knight.
Saikou, what's with the glum face?
When I see my own drawings running in Jack like this, it makes me realize how bad they really are.
Not only were ONE PIECE and NARUTO well done from their first chapter onward, they were individualistic.
Don't you think Oda-sensei's and Kishimoto-sensei's drawings are unique?
Well, you're certainly right about that, but there are so many people to compare to...
That's got to be Miho.
I told her that it was going on sale today.
So it is Azuki? Did she write any impressions she had?
She said TRAP was interesting!
I suddenly feel really confident.
We're definitely getting 1st!
Same guy as always.
Mm, this is interesting.
The story and drawings are way powered up from when it was a name.
That's Ashirogi-sensei for you.
Their stories are amazing and they've got drawings to match them.
Between theirs and mine, which is more interesting?
Hmm... it's a tie.
So by that do you mean...
So back then... it was between Fukuda-kun and Mashiro-kun's works?
If that's true...
Did you see the early report?
Yeah.
This Golden Future Cup's turning out to be a pretty interesting one.
How's the one you're editor for, Aida-san?
I'm sure mine's amazing too.
I'm psyched for the third week.
Hello, Takagi-kun?
It's Hattori.
I understand.
Yes.
Thank you very much.
It's still just the early report,
but he said to go ahead and make the complete serialization names for TRAP!
All right!
Thank you very much.
I'll take the manuscript and go.
Yeah, thanks.
KOOGY-san, did you read KIYOSHI Knight or Gitantei TRAP?
I already know I'll win by a mile, so there's no need to read them.
Well then, excuse me.
I'll be looking forward to hearing about the questionnaire results.
The real deal for TRAP...
Please!
No... but... this means...
Let me see the results from last issue...
Quick cigarette break!
Really? Thank you so much!
It didn't change for the real deal!
Yay!
So did he say who was higher between us and KIYOSHI Knight?
Uh, he didn't say that specifically.
But he said to write the serialization names, so...
About the same?
How much is about?
Gimme a straight answer!
About the same... That means Ashirogi-kun's results were good too?
AA fairy?
II can't believe in something like that.
You opened that door and came in yourself, and still you can't believe?
You have one of two choices. Gain a fairy's soul and become our comrade, or be left out as food.
Eh?!
WhWhat is this? It's amazing...
He drew the background and stuff with stippling.
Those are really pretty drawings.
Nakai-san... He said he was betting his life as a mangaka on this,
but to go this far...
This'll get votes just based on the drawings.
Mm. I like this too.
This could be bad for us.
But even if it is Nakai-san, there's no way he can keep this up on a weekly basis, right?
You're right!
It's a weekly magazine, isn't it?
No, Nakai-san's speed and technique are nothing to make light of.
And if he gets assistants to help him, I think it'd be possible.
Beautiful!
Nakai-san, it's amazing! It's fantastic!
Oh, no, I...
What's with this drawing quality?
I was underestimating Nakai-san too much!
And that woman...
Her story's as candy-house-errific as ever,
but in a few places she made it more like a shounen manga.
No, mine's definitely more of a shounen manga.
This too.
I can't believe even this one is...
Okay, why don't I go give Nakai a call?
RReally?!
Yeah, with these early report results, you're all right.
I did it...
Now I can work together with Aoki-san...
Are you listening, Nakai-kun?
YYYes!
Thank you very much!
Congratulations, Nakai-san!
Congratulations.
Good job.
The way he's celebrating...
No way... Could I have lost?
I see.
So in terms of ranking, it went down.
Don't worry. The approval rating's basically the same.
As it is, you should go on ahead.
I understand.
Excuse me.
Okay.
Don't get so down.
I went down in ranking with the real deal as well.
Even your editor said you can go ahead and move towards getting serialized.
So you're the same as me there too.
The next battle will be at the serialization meeting.
I'm not down...
I'm kind of relieved and happy.
I'm happy because I was able to fight on par with you and Ashirogi-kun.
Thank you, Niizuma-sensei, Fukuda-kun...
This is thanks to you guys.
Cut it out, Nakai-san.
Cry after you've gotten serialized.
And don't forget, we've still got KOOGY's work to contend with.
YYou're right.
We can definitely win against this.
I totally can't tell what's going on.
It's kind of like he's so infatuated with himself that he can't communicate it to us.
Oh, you understand it pretty well then, Miyoshi.
But I wonder how much he got his fans to move.
That KOOGY is making fun of manga!
Even if his fans do vote for it, if the editorial department serializes something like this, I'll withdraw from Jack!
Fukuda-sensei, you're so cool!
If that happens, I'll quit my series too!
No, sensei, you don't need to go that far.
Really? Is that so?
These are the results for the real deal.
Every work in the Golden Future Cup was amazing!
It's okay.
Azuki-san?
I believe that your work was the best, Mashiro-kun.
Next time, Phone and Last Night.
We'll seize our dream. We have to believe in ourselves!
