Somehow, I...
No, sometime during summer vacation I'll write an interesting name.
Miyoshi received a response from a company, asking her to write more of her cell phone novel.
Isn't it natural to want to be with someone you like?
Like I said, you and Azuki aren't normal.
Time's up.
Shuujin.
Starting now, I'm drawing manga on my own.
Eh?! W-Why?!
You shouldn't have to ask why.
If you're trying to become a mangaka, you need to honor your deadlines.
Yeah, but...
Saikou...
Okay, I'll take it back.
I don't really like the idea of you and Miyoshi being there alone.
Saikou, in that respect, you've got the wrong idea.
Miyoshi's presence wasn't the reason why I couldn't write a name.
It was the other way around.
The other way around?
Yeah, I thought that if I got serious with Miyoshi, it would definitely make me want to sell even more.
I also thought it might even be a good idea not to meet until our dreams come true, like with you and Azuki.
Love comes in many forms.
At first, I wasn't doing this for a girl, but now I think I'm the same as you.
Really?
Then I guess I did have that part wrong...
Sorry.
But in that case, you really can't be late.
Yeah.
I'm definitely gonna be the original story author of a manga.
Even if I need to pair up with someone besides you, Saikou.
The artwork in your names really sucks, Shuujin, so tell me when you finish and I'll do a good copy for you.
If you give it to somebody else, they won't have a clue what's going on in it.
Seriously?
But I'll charge you 100 yen a page.
Okay, thanks.
Also, if I do something alone, is it okay for me to change the pen name from Ashirogi Muto to Ashiro Muto?
Is it okay?
If you're writing alone, then just use Mashiro Moritaka.
No...
Okay, I'm fine with it then...
What're you two doing?!
The new term's opening ceremony is starting soon!
Well, why are you here?
I was up so late thinking that I overslept!
Man, that's lame.
See ya Saikou, let's both do our best.
Y-Yeah.
What about Mashiro?
He's fine, let's just go.
Eh?! That's not good at all!
It's my fault for not honoring my deadline, so it can't be helped.
Is it my fault?
No!
It is, isn't it? Because you were spending so much time with me over summer vacation...
I'm telling you, that's not why!
We may have been together, but I was thinking of the scenario for the manga the whole time.
But then if you just explain it to Mashiro like that, I'm sure he'll understand!
I'll go tell him that
Stop it!
Don't go making excuses to Mashiro for me!
And not to Azuki either!
It's my fault, so don't go butting in.
I can't!
Saikou knows it wasn't your fault!
But it's not like it's all over!
I'm still gonna be an original manga story author!
And Saikou's still gonna be a mangaka!
I like you, so I'm gonna keep working hard. I still can!
When I said that, even Saikou understood.
Because you like me?
Yeah.
I'm going to keep doing my best for your sake.
But if you say something unnecessary to Saikou or Azuki, I'm sure I won't like you anymore.
But...
You want to do it alone?
Did you two have a fight or something?
We're not little kids.
It's not a name, just a plan for the setup.
Here.
A con man and a detective...
He sets traps for the culprits in order to bring out the truth, huh?
If you do this kind of mystery story right, it really will be interesting.
No, for this kind of story in particular, we really need Takagi-kun's power, don't we?
Have you given up on doing a mainstream battle manga?
I think that's a kind of mainstream story too.
Yeah.
It certainly is mainstream, and a kind that Ashirogi Muto is more suited to.
I drank a little too much coffee.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Okay.
Takagi-kun, it's Hattori.
Why'd you break up your team?
Mashiro-kun wouldn't say.
It's my fault.
I couldn't keep my promise to write a name by the end of summer vacation.
Is that the only reason?
Mashiro-kun sure is strict.
That's just how serious he is.
And I didn't think I was suited to battle manga from the beginning,
but Mashiro was fixated on doing a battle story, so we had that conflict of opinions too.
So this time, I'm writing a mystery story.
A mystery story?
Ah, yes.
And uh, you'll look at the name if it's just me right?
Yes, I'll look at it. Of course.
So... Mashiro-kun doesn't know you're drawing a mystery story?
I couldn't tell him that I'm ignoring his wishes and writing something different.
I was planning on having it done by the end of summer vacation, but I couldn't make it in time.
So I'm setting my sights on being an original story author by myself.
What's with these two?
If I tell Takagi-kun what story Mashiro-kun is trying to do, then...
No!
Got it, a mystery story sounds good.
It really fits you, Takagi-kun!
Get that name in soon.
Well, even though I'd like to get it done soon...
I still don't have the setup plan for the protagonist done yet.
The protagonist can just be an ordinary detective.
The important things in a mystery story are the tricks and mysteries.
It'll be okay.
You have talent, Takagi-kun.
I'm always telling you that even the editorial department has acknowledged that, aren't I?
You need to have confidence.
Ah, okay.
Yuujirou, CROW has the opening pages for issue 49.
Ah, okay.
Oh, this is perfect, Fukuda-kun.
You're at Niizuma-kun's place now, right?
Could you put him on for a minute?
What do you mean, This is perfect?!
Ah sorry, that was a little rude.
Could you just fax me your name, Fukuda-kun?
You only wanna do it in person?
You really are as much of a smart-ass as ever, Fukuda.
But I am gonna be around there...
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Ah, no problem.
This is really good. Could you make it into a name?
Your biggest weapon is your artwork, after all.
So try to come up with drawings that really fit this story.
Okay.
Huh? You're alone today?
Don't tell me your team broke up?
Ah, am I right?
It's Mashiro-kun, right? The one who does the drawing?
I actually happen to be looking for someone
to do the artwork for the second-place prize winner of the Story King for the name category.
You'd be great for
Please don't screw around!
What's going on over there?
Woah, that was scary.
I'm going back to work.
Sorry for yelling.
Ah, I don't mind.
The runner-up Story King.
If you did the artwork for that, you might really get popular.
If it's popular, it'll naturally get serialized.
Did you want to do that?
Eh...
If you really want to do it, I don't mind apologizing and going to ask.
If I get popular, I'll get serialized...
If I get serialized...
But if you do do that, you'd better assume you won't be teaming up with Takagi-kun again.
Would you still do it?
Team up with me and we'll become mangakas.
I'm doing the artwork and he's doing the story.
Fu-sion-ha!
Let's keep going nonstop until we're done!
Okay!
All right!
Thank you, Saikou.
I don't know...
I still don't know what I should do...
If you're still half-hearted about this,
I don't think you should do the artwork for a name by anyone besides Takagi-kun yet.
Okay...
Ah, Takagi-kun?
Sorry it's so sudden, but do you think you could come in tomorrow?
I actually wanted to talk about the scenario with Mashiro-kun.
If you could answer me honestly, do you not want to be teamed up with him anymore?
It's not like that.
I'm the one who invited him to become mangakas together.
I want to do it together.
I see.
But it's my fault things got like this.
Anyhow, I'm still working hard,
and it's something I think might be good enough to get Mashiro to say himself that he wants to team up again.
If I can get it done before Mashiro-kun gets serialized by himself...
Yes, I see. Then do you think you could leave that part to me?
If you listen to what I say, I'm sure you'll get back together and I bet you'll have a hit manga.
The truth is that you and Mashiro-kun are precisely in tune with each other even now.
Enough so that even if you wanted to separate from each other, you couldn't.
I don't really understand...
Right now, Mashiro-kun is trying to write a detective story of his own.
Hattori-san, did you tell Mashiro-kun what I said I was trying to write?
No, I was surprised too.
Two people who'd said they'd split up had separately started working on the same kind of story.
So then...
Do you think you could hide the fact that you're doing a mystery story up until right before you graduate high school?
No, actually, do you think you could write a name for the story that Mashiro-kun is trying to do?
Hide?
Mashiro-kun is always in a rush to get serialized, isn't he?
But a detective story is something you should really take your time with.
So let's take two years and we'll polish up a really good name together.
But wouldn't that mean deceiving Mashiro?
The way Jack works right now is if something is popular as a one-shot, then it's Yes, serialize it.
Or if it's sent to a serialization meeting and just three chapters are interesting, then it's also Yes, serialize it.
Of course, this is limited to works that can survive to the point of being a new series.
It's especially hard for newcomers.
I've thought for a while now that it's better to take your time on something you want to do.
And if you choose to do that strategy, you'd be the only ones doing it.
They say that with a battle story you can't wait more than half a year, but with a detective story it's different.
Take two years and diligently make up a name,
have Mashiro-kun draw that,
and I'm sure you can make something amazing!
There isn't any real point to getting serialized while you're still in high school, is there?
So you may as well take your time here to build up your strengths.
I'll hold Mashiro-kun back from joining up with someone else or getting serialized alone.
I can't.
If Mashiro-kun can get serialized on his own, he should be serialized then shouldn't he?
I talked about this with Mashiro-kun yesterday,
but he looked like he was thinking deep down that he really wanted to be teamed up with you, Takagi-kun.
And as proof of that, he turned down doing the art for the runner-up Story King.
Then would hiding from Mashiro-kun that I'm writing a mystery manga really...
I told you, Mashiro-kun would want to rush it toward serialization.
I'm telling you that for his sake...
No, for both your sakes.
You should prepare a well-honed name.
All right then, the detective story that Mashiro-kun was working on was
Please stop!
If I heard that, I would end up writing a name matching the protagonist that Mashiro-kun thought of...
Alone, with my own skill, I'll win the Story King or whatever it takes...
and if at that time Mashiro still says that he's okay with joining up with me, then I will!
Takagi-kun...
You're right...
What you said was more logical.
What I said might have been a case of an adult getting his thoughts twisted...
Sorry, I'll be awaiting an interesting original story.
Okay...
That's plenty.
Now even if Takagi-kun hears from Mashiro-kun about him writing a detective story,
he definitely won't tell him that he's drawing one as well.
He'll draw an interesting name no matter what it takes.
I really can't get over how you two split up.
Miyoshi?
If it'll get you two to make up, I'll do whatever it takes.
We're not really in a fight.
I don't care, just name it!
I'll seriously do anything!
Sorry, there's really nothing you need to fix.
Man, names really are hard to do.
Shuujin's amazing, how does he always do this?
How do I write names?
Yeah, please tell me!
First, compose the general idea in your mind,
then write out the script, and then divide it into panels so it fits the number of pages?
Yeah!
I watched him work on it on his computer all summer vacation, so I'm totally sure!
Eh, what's wrong?
Shuujin did all that hard work and he still couldn't do it...
Can I really do this?
If you think you can't, then why not do it together
No, I'm still gonna do it.
I decided to do this for Azuki's sake too!
I'll do it no matter what!
No, that's why I said do it together...
You were on to something when you went home, but I haven't heard any rumors.
Are you really doing it?
Ah, yeah. Little by little, though.
Sounds good then.
I'm doing a one-shot for the main magazine this time.
I sent in a name for serialization, but it was a no go.
They said to run it as a one-shot first.
That editorial department never knows real talent when they see it.
But that's really amazing, to be running in the main magazine and all.
Congratulations.
It ain't all that great.
If it doesn't get popular, my serialization name's nothing.
Oh, and Nakai-san's really gotten into it.
I don't really get what they're about, but the drawing's he's doing aren't like name drawings.
They're like friggin' paintings.
Flying apple skin!
It was only for a little while, but you worked with us.
You're now part of the Niizuma Group, no, the Fukuda Group.
So let's try our hardest to change Jack!
Fukuda Group?
See ya, and keep it up.
Okay, I'll do my best.
Fukuda-san and Nakai-san are both pumping out names...
It was on late at night again, but Azuki became a regular on a second anime.
Can I...
really become a mangaka?
Huh? They dissolved the team?
Sorry. Takagi told me not to say anything, but... I...
Here.
100 yen a page, right?
I'm trusting you to do good copies.
You finished a name?
I did five.
Five whole names? That's incredible, I haven't even finished one.
Detective? What's this?
A name.
That's not what I meant, why is it a detective story?
Did you hear from Hattori-san I was doing a detective story?
Yeah.
But I heard it a month after I started on my detective story.
I've been working on it ever since I saw the cell phone novel site at Miyoshi's house,
and how they take mystery stories.
Oh yeah, it was on the day you called me at her house.
That's the day I quit as Eiji's assistant!
In fact, it's the same day I got the idea for doing a detective story!
The truth is that you and Mashiro-kun are precisely in tune with each other even now.
We sure are incredible.
We shifted in the same direction on our own on the same day.
What's up with that?
We look like idiots!
Seriously, hit me!
That Hattori-san sure is a schemer.
Yeah, but there was no way I could deceive you for two whole years.
And I'd have to do it with Azuki and Miyoshi too.
But how do we tell Hattori-san?
I guess we just tell him the truth and go on like normal...
No, this kinda feels too convenient.
You got mad at me for not finishing a name by the end of summer vacation and it ended up like this.
To be honest with you, I wasn't really that angry.
Huh? Really?
Yeah, I thought the reason why you couldn't finish the name was because you were playing around with Miyoshi.
But I know now that that was wrong.
I might've just been jealous of Miyoshi.
After what's happened today, I understand.
I need you, Shuujin.
Saikou?
So, how about we fool Hattori-san?
Fool him?
Hattori-san is having us write separately right now.
In half a year, we both tell him I haven't finished a name yet.
And in that time we can do as much as we want.
Instead of doing the three names you need for serialization, we'll do ten chapters.
I get it.
Hattori-san said to hide it for two years, but there's no way I could wait that long anyway.
Yeah.
It is true that it's better to take our time with a detective story, but two years is too long.
My plan is half a year.
We don't rush and we carefully work out the name in half a year together.
Ooh good, that sounds good!
We'll deceive Hattori-san! That's the specialty of the detective I came up with!
Huh, really?
We're even in tune on this sorta thing!
Then it's decided!
It's pretty different from Hattori-san's plan, though.
He said so himself, didn't he?
Mangakas have to go higher than their editors!
That is true.
I guess our team was only dissolved for a month.
You don't think it was a little too fast?
It's fine.
There's no reason for us to work separately, is there?
Okay, if we've got that settled, let's head to the work place!
I wanna see that deceptive detective you came up with!
Okay!
Hang on a second!
I wanna talk with you two again!
Ashirogi Muto is two people in one, isn't he?
We settled that.
The team is back on!
I guess we had you worried, huh?
What's with that?!
I was so totally worried!
Sorry. We're headed to the work place.
I'll treat you nice as an apology.
You wanna come?
Sure!
What?
Well, I told Miho about your team breaking up.
Huh?! I told you not to tell her!
But...
Miho was really worried this time.
But I told her not to butt in and say anything...
Mashiro?
I'm sending her an email saying our team's back on and I'm sorry for worrying her.
Send!
Woah, that was fast!
So, so, what'd she say?
Well, I guess you can look.
What? You and Miho talk about stuff like wavelengths?
That's hilarious!
Shut up.
Next, we're doing a detective story!
What did you think of my Toumei Tantei Skeleton?
A detective story is a great mainstream idea!
But what about my Skeleton? Huh?
Next time, Cooperation and Conditions
I think dreams come in many forms.
