The serialization meeting starts at 2 PM.
It's starting soon.
Now then, I thought we'd begin the December serialization meeting for the weekly Shounen Jack.
I, Yahagi, will be the facilitator for this meeting.
We have thirteen candidates for serialization this meeting.
You've all been given a copy of each.
We'll start with Orihara-sensei's Tanktop.
Uchida, from my group, is this work's editor.
The protagonist has transferred to a prestigious private metropolitan high school, and...
The serialization meeting's facilitator is placed in a position above the captains.
Firstly, the captain of the work's editor explains the aim of the story and its current situation.
The presented names have already been looked over one week beforehand.
The editor's impressions are written on the exterior of the envelopes.
The attendees hold the meeting after reading those impressions.
As everyone's assessments state, I think he should be cautious here.
Okay then, would everyone please share their thoughts on this work?
Well, after his last work was a hit...
If you take the reader's expectations into account, it's a little weak.
But he's changing his literary style. I don't think it's too bad.
It's not bad, but the Orihara-san style of boldness seems faded.
It most certainly seems like he's feeling his way around.
It's a no. Have him rework it.
The works presented in the meeting are divided into groups of yes and no for serialization.
Works given a no can be...
designated to be reworked and looked at again,
tested out as one-shots
or simply rejected and discarded.
Works that are given a yes
become new series.
To make room for them, editors also decide which series will be ended.
These last questionnaire results haven't been too good.
I'm worried.
It'll be okay.
Ever since the time when five were selected at once, they've only chosen three at most.
You sure are carefree.
Really? If you think about it...
Apart from the already popular authors,
lately they're being more critical than ever,
even towards serialization-level mangas.
Happy crow!
I guess they're already underway by now.
Yeah.
Yuujirou-san told me earlier...
that there are thirteen candidates for serialization at this meeting.
And that usually at most two new series get serialized.
Maybe there will be more today.
Plus, four authors in it have previous experience being serialized.
Even if a newcomer gets through, it's not gonna be more than one.
OOne?
First sunrise!
Let me explain...
Whoever gets serialized, let's not hold any grudges, okay?
OOkay.
Next is hideout door.
I'm the editor in charge of this work.
After the results from the Golden Future Cup, I had them write serialization names.
The original story author, Aoki, is a third year university student, but...
she had three one-shots published in shoujo magazines over a relatively short period of time.
She can also produce original stories in the name form very efficiently.
I'm sure many of you know about the artist Nakai,
who's been an assistant to various senseis over the past 12 years.
You could call him a veteran who has been supporting Jack from behind the scenes.
I have nothing to criticize about his artistry or skill.
Personally, I'd like to give him his place in the spotlight.
Both of them have quite a lot of experience.
Even after serialization, I think they're the types that would last a long time without losing momentum.
I wanted to think that shounen manga was the right way to go.
I was runner-up for the Story King...
But in the Golden Future Cup, although I felt good about it, the result was...
That's because it's shounen manga!
No, I'm sure it'll be okay.
Nakai-san's drawings certainly bring out the view of Aoki-san's world.
Even though they didn't win the Golden Future Cup, they did receive good results.
Yes, but there were three works that got good results in the Golden Future Cup and they're all in this meeting.
We have to balance them with the other works.
There's no fantasy story like this in Jack right now.
I think maybe we should hold onto it.
It'll be fine to give it a yes.
Thank you.
Next is...
Ki wo Kikasete Kirakira.
Ki wo Kikasete Kirakira = Play it Smart and Sparkle
I told you, they're not done yet.
But I'm so worried about it.
I said I'd call you when I heard more, so calm down.
Okay...
Geez.
So what do you have?
Two pair, tens and fours.
Jacks, three of a kind.
Jack...
It's been two hours already.
They usually finish in about two hours, right?
If it goes quickly.
This isn't working...
Playing cards isn't getting my mind off it at all.
Yeah, let's just stop.
We'll be okay, right?
We've done all we can.
I think.
MiMiyoshi.
Just invite her over here.
My heart can't take this!
So it's a no...
Then let's discard it.
Next, one of the works from the Golden Future Cup.
KIYOSHI Knight, Fukuda Shinta.
It was previously done as a one-shot and ranked 7th.
Given the improved results it got in the Golden Future Cup, I think it would make a fitting manga for Jack.
The author, Fukuda, is twenty years old, so he's near the age of the readers.
He creates characters that are easy to relate to, which is a great strength for a series.
Also, his editor, Yuujirou, will give him strength.
He's definitely got strong characters.
But this really seems like the type that would only be interesting as a one-shot.
Honestly, these three chapters all follow the same pattern.
The first three chapters...
are purposefully done similar to the popular one-shot to give readers a grip on the series.
It's important to make sure you do what is typically well received.
That's true, but...
The impression you get after reading them is too similar.
It kind of feels like all it has is vigor.
Having vigor is a good thing!
Well, I'm still worried about what I said before, but...
The one-shot and the Golden Future Cup showed results.
Above all, the characters are good.
Let's give it a yes for now.
For now, huh?
Okay, next is Arai-san's Cheese Okaki.
TL Note: Okaki is a kind of rice cracker.
Yoohoo!
I thought we should try to take our minds off things, so I brought some playing cards!
Wanna play?
No...
Why?
Oh.
On top of fixing what we pointed out last time,
the increase of the group organization aspect can have value.
It seems like something that could be a media franchise.
In terms of improvement, I'd like the characters to be a little cooler, but...
It's like that because friendly character's are Arai-sensei's specialty.
We can give it a yes.
Thank you.
But Editor-in-Chief, of the seven we've looked at, you've given four a yes...
It doesn't matter how many there are. Interesting works are given a yes.
Next is Rakko 11-Gou, Hiramaru Kazuya.
Rakko 11-Gou = Otter 11
Eh, I'm the editor.
He's my top recommended newcomer.
Oh? You seem confident.
Top recommendation? All he's won is an honorable mention in the monthly award, right?
Hiramaru-san is 26 years old.
But until this year, he hardly ever read manga.
When he was on a train, he took a copy of Jack off the luggage rack,
and suddenly thought, Even I can draw something like this!
That day, he handed in a letter of resignation to his job at a corporation,
then a month later, he submitted something to us.
So that's Rakko?
Most people start liking manga when they're young and submit things trying to imitate manga they like.
Then they start to learn how to draw manga from books and things.
Tons of material like that is out there now, right?
But Hiramaru-san, from just one issue of Jack and by his own trial and error,
without even knowing about screentone, submitted something.
What's more, he's creating characters that could quickly be made into an anime.
He went from a total amateur to that in just one month.
He's a genius.
If we go by that story, he does seem to be a good prospect.
But I don't know about serializing him so quickly.
There's a high risk.
It's interesting, isn't it?
The name is good too.
It's a yes.
Thank you very much.
Amazing...
Okay then, next.
Gitantei TRAP.
Ashirogi Muto.
The editor is Hattori, from my group.
It's the mystery story that even got good results in the Golden Future Cup.
I know you all must be concerned since the authors are still only in their second year of high school, but...
Let me say this first, they can draw while going to school.
What's your basis for that?
In addition to the names they've submitted to the meeting, they made seven more serialization names.
They did five chapters at the pace of a nineteen page manuscript every two weeks.
All while making progress on drawing for the Golden Future Cup.
While they were working on the Golden Future Cup?
While honoring their deadlines, they made works that were no worse than the names being passed around now.
They've got incredible motivation.
Hey, want to go have fun somewhere?
Being outside would distract you from all this.
Takagi will get the outcome on his cell phone anyway.
Wanna go?
I don't want to get really happy or really upset someplace in public.
Oh, really?
Sorry.
What do you think your chances are?
If it's about getting serialized or not, it's already over.
Huh? Is it really like that?
No.
But 20 would be optimistic.
Why? You won the Golden Future Cup, didn't you?
The realistic result of the Golden Future Cup was that three works were at about the same level.
Even if you consider it to be one out of three, that's 33.
And we can't even say for sure that they'll pick one series from the Golden Future Cup.
Will even one get in?
Hattori-san always said he was worried about us still being in high school.
But that CROW guy is a high school student, too, right?
Shouldn't it be okay, then?
Niizuma Eiji is a precedent, so he's a yes.
They don't need anyone else to sell as a genius high schooler, so we're a no.
It's getting kind of negative in here, isn't it?
Yep.
If they're in their second year, then won't they graduate in just a year from now?
Why does it have to be right now?
It's certainly pretty harsh to try to compare them to Niizuma-kun.
No.
It seems that those two are well aware of Niizuma Eiji.
They themselves are interested in doing this while going to school.
If that's what they want, wouldn't it be all right to let them?
Well, they don't need to walk down that thorny path...
They've come into the editorial department a lot, starting from when they were in middle school, haven't they?
They're the exact opposite of Hiramaru-kun from before.
Everything they've done has been for the purpose of becoming mangakas.
What I mean is, they're not very newcomer-like.
It's true that they've been adamantly making names ever since NEXT!
Almost to a creepy degree.
But for a mystery story, the information is important.
Won't that quickly get really hard for young people?
Yeah, you don't want them to have such a hard time that they turn it into a battle manga midway through.
I think that having read ten chapters of names before the meeting, we can expect a lot from them.
But there are concerns.
They're too young.
It's certainly true that overconfidence is a bad thing.
But...
The names up to chapter 3 are interesting.
It's a yes.
Yes. Yes.
Excuse me.
That sure was a long smoke break.
I just can't calm down.
You never can calm down on these meeting days.
Is that your data about assistants from yesterday?
Yeah.
You sure are working hard.
No. If I don't occupy myself with something, I can't keep my mind off things.
But everything's already all correct.
They sure are taking a while this time.
Sure are.
But they should be done pretty soon.
And that makes all thirteen reviewed.
But there are seven yeses, and we can't serialize them all, so...
I think we should try to narrow it down a little more.
He really did all that, eh? That Hattori.
Ten names and five manuscripts.
I can tell how serious he is.
You brought in a real secret as well, didn't you?
A guy quitting his business job to be a mangaka?
Let's serialize him.
Hiramaru-san has no attachment to manga, so if he's no good, let's put a fast stop to it.
Anyone can read manga. But you can't draw it without talent.
He has talent.
For someone not to draw manga even though they have talent... It is a sin.
I don't know if it's a sin or not,
but let's try not to look bad, since we're unsure about what these things are.
Eh? Still?
How many hours has this thing been going?
You said it'd be over in three hours, didn't you?
I said it's usually done in three.
Just keep it together and wait for me to call you.
Well, doesn't that sound nice?
Anyhow, you've got tons of free time since you can't leave.
Fukuda-kun, you're being way too rude!
If by some faint chance you get serialized, first I'm going to make you show me some respect.
What do you mean, by some faint chance?
That sounded funny.
I totally have faith that I'll be serialized.
So you want me to teach you some Japanese?
Sounds great. You teach Japanese, I'll teach manners.
Anyway, so there's really still nothing?
Yeah. So just wait a little longer.
Geez. I'm getting irritated about this too.
Want to play cards?
Eh?
It is today, right?
Definitely today.
That call sure is taking a while.
I wonder if that means we didn't get it.
It'd probably be hard for him to tell us the bad news.
They won't want to fuss over newcomers like us.
If we don't get it, of course he'd tell us.
Man, I'm tired.
HHow about some dinner? I could make some.
I couldn't swallow anything at a time like this!
You don't have to get mad.
Sorry.
I want to... get serialized...
I was being tested with the one-shot and the Golden Future Cup...
This time, I'm definitely...
Serialization...
With Aoki-san...
This is boring.
Who's the idiot who suggested this?
Wasn't that you?
Let's quit this.
But man, this is running late.
Sure is.
Well, the longer it is, the more of a chance we have, I guess.
Why's that?
If a lot of new works are starting, that means a lot of old ones are also ending.
I see.
Waiting it out sure isn't easy, though.
Aida group, this table.
Ah, he got it.
Yoshida, over here!
Then we're...
It's here!
ItIt's Takagi.
Congratulations.
He said... congratulations.
WE DID IT!
SERIALIZATION!
Takagi-kun?
I'm okay!
Let go of me, Miyoshi!
It's Yuujirou.
Unfortunately you didn't get serialized.
I lost again?
But you were in the last seven series.
Yes!
There are four new series.
It was really a close fight.
I see.
Every one of them was interesting, but they said they'd like to see a manga mainly upheld by story.
That's why I told you I should've drawn it as more of a continuing story!
Is that so? Sorry.
We did it. Cheese Okaki is serialized!
Congratulations. Just as I thought, you're a genius!
In the next serialization meeting?
At our next meeting, I'll give you the details and information for
Sorry, but could you give me some time?
Ah, yes, sure.
Got it.
I'll call you again another day.
Excuse me.
Yes. Then we'll see you tomorrow.
Thank you very much!
All right!
This isn't a dream, right?
Yeah. Stop that, it hurts.
My face won't stop grinning.
Saikou.
Thanks. This is because of you.
Shuujin.
I should say the same thing.
Without you, Shuujin...
I'm looking forward to continuing to work with you, partner!
Yeah!
That's so nice.
Friendship between two boys.
Ah, Mashiro, you need to tell Miho!
Right!
I'm looking forward to Miho's instant response!
Serialization...
They did it!
Why don't you talk with Mashiro?
Eh? I can't...
Yes you can.
You should at least give him a proper and direct Congratulations! for an occasion like this.
There it is!
No, it's from Fukuda-san.
Huh? Why's he calling?
Ashirogi-kun, congratulations!
I lost to you again! It's frustrating as hell!
So then...
Both me and Nakai-san got overlooked this time.
But listen good! At the next serialization meeting, I'm definitely getting through!
So don't get canceled or anything before then.
I'll be waiting for you guys to make a popular manga!
Got that?
Yes. Thank you very much.
I'm handing you over to Niizuma.
Ashirogi-sensei.
Congratulations.
Just as I promised, I've waited and continued to be serialized.
I'm delighted that we'll be able to work hard while competing with each other.
I'm not losing.
It'll be all zugyuun.
Right.
I think it's because of you that we were able to get serialized.
We'll be looking forward to competing against you!
I am as well.
Man, oh man. Fellow serialized authors.
Must be nice.
Rivals?
Dammit.
Fukuda-kun!
We'll definitely get serialization next time!
Of course, man.
No way in hell I'll lose.
And you've gotta work hard, or Aoki-san's gonna dump you.
We're not even going out yet!
Ah, I knew that's what you were going for!
So even though they didn't get it, both Fukuda-san and Nakai-san were laughing, huh?
Yeah. With those two, you can bet they'll get it next time.
You haven't gotten a reply from Miho?
It doesn't always come right away.
Maybe she's at work.
Is that right?
Well, you'll get a reply later.
Okay, let's celebrate!
Should I go buy a cake?
Maybe some other time.
Huh? Why?
Serialization?
Yeah. Starting February of next year in Jack.
Heh.
Serialization, but what about school?
I'll do it while going there.
While going? It's not that simple...
I'm definitely going to do both.
I promise!
Good luck.
Moritaka.
Grandpa.
Thank you.
Uncle...
I finally got serialized.
I've been trying to be a mangaka for two years.
I'm still a gambler, though...
Is that so?
Why're you acting so distant about it?
You, Dad, and Moritaka are all being naive.
That's not so.
This is the result of his hard work.
We should be sincerely happy for him.
Men have
Men have dreams, right?
Yeah.
You know, once in a while, even women can understand that.
Is that right?
Uncle said...
if you kept after your dream...
Because of Shuujin, I could take the first step.
And... no matter how hard it is...
If you kept going and never gave up, what you'd achieve would be...
Because of Azuki...
II'm going to be drawing the art, and he's doing the stories.
I knew it!
Wow! Then I'm sure you'll make it!
SSo if our manga gets turned into an anime,
then we'll reserve the role of heroine for you or something...
Really?
I'm so happy!
I'll work hard.
I'll become a seiyuu and appear in your anime.
How great!
So if that dream comes true, please marry me!
A number I don't know?
Mashiro-kun?
It's Azuki.
Uh, yeah.
I got your number from Kaya.
I'm sorry for hanging up on you the other day.
I'm sorry, too, for not really saying anything.
Um...
Congratulations!
On serialization.
Thank you.
We got another step closer.
To our dream.
Yeah.
And to make that dream come true, I'm going to work even harder.
Yeah. I will too.
I can even talk on the phone.
Me too.
What am I going to do?
If talking to you makes me this happy...
I believe...
that someday our dream will come true,
and a time will come when we can always be together.
Yeah, me too.
Okay, preparations are all set.
Let's have Hattori-san sit over there.
Try not to be too nervous.
We've got lots of stuff to talk about, like contracts and assistants.
There they are!
Congratulations on serialization.
ThThank you very much.
Why are there two people?
Is he here for the contracts or something?
I'm Miura, I joined Jack last year.
Nice to meet you!
Ah, yeah.
Nice to meet you.
Your editor will be Miura from now on.
Huh?
HHang on!
It's ending here?
Awesome! I'm so hyped for the continuation!
Will we really be all right with Miura-san?
What's going to happen to our series?!
For the continuation of the dream, look forward to season two!
to chu u
I always thought to myself, Why is it so hard for me?
as I saw everyone around me looking happy.
But when I talked with you, I felt just a little better.
I wonder if it's because we spoke our minds about the same sorts of things.
But at times when we couldn't each others faces,
the feeling of our spirits being crushed overwhelmed us like a monster, but
we could say from our hearts that we were happy to meet.
The number of people increases little by little
and as we reflect upon that warmth,
supporting each other and dealing with our abjection together,
we're now definitely on our way
I'm sure we'll be able to walk forward now.
After we count on our fingers all the things we lost,
with the hope we have now, we try to count up the light we're going to obtain from here.
We could say from our hearts that we were happy to meet.
The number of people increases little by little
and as we reflect upon that warmth,
supporting each other and dealing with our abjection together,
we're now definitely on our way
to the place we can't reach alone.
We're on our way.
Your Love
A blue bird flying through a blue sky
Can you see that bird?
Happiness is always, feeling invisible colors
I look up at a spring sky, full of nothing but worries
and hang my head
but I'm looking up again
Of unwanted things and precious things
In this town you were determined to find
Things that shouldn't be lost and keep them in your heart
I decided I would find them in this town
and hold to my chest the things I must not lose
A blue bird flying through a blue sky
Can you see that bird?
Happiness is always, feeling invisible colors
I muttered Love alone to myself
Memories, like petals
Carried on a gentle wind
Travel to your heart
A blue bird flying through a blue sky
Can you see that bird?
Happiness is always, feeling invisible colors
Your love flies across my heart
That bird must have been you
In a sad wind, you still spread your wings
Melting into the sky
Wipe away the tears, dry your wings
We're connected by love
