These are the results for the real deal.
The readers sure showed him, eh?
Yeah.
Fukuda-kun and the others came in complaining to the higher-ups in order to stop it.
Honestly, I wanted anybody but KOOGY to win too.
Now the Golden Future Cup is really only between three works.
KIYOSHI Knight, hideout door...
Gitantei TRAP! We won't lose!
They announce the results for the Golden Future Cup in November, don't they?
Yeah.
Although the actual deciding takes place at the end of this month.
Well, they said that they were counting the results a second time with 5000 questionnaires.
Yeah.
A second time?
Why would they have to count them a second time?
Well, they don't have to,
but counting 5000 questionnaires will be...
more precise than just the 1000 they count for the real deal.
Endorsement percentage, male/female percentages,
even the ranking could change.
Really?
I sent one in too, but I thought it was a bit weird.
Since it was to decide the Golden Future Cup, why did it have to be compared to serialized works?
It'd be better if it was only between the Cup entries, wouldn't it?
I told you, that's why...
there's a separate item where you choose to endorse or not endorse the entries.
But where it places in the whole magazine is also important.
It's not that simple.
But in that case, if the endorsement percentage is high and the ranking is low or something...
Like I said, then to decide it...
Shuujin!
The name.
We've done everything we can already.
All we can do now is not worry about it...
and concentrate on our name for the serialization meeting in December.
Right.
Anyway, in that case it's up to the editorial department to decide.
That's why it's better to have more accurate data, right?
What do we do here?
KIYOSHI Knight. 1312 votes. 3rd place. Endorsement percentage, 79.
Gitantei TRAP. 1321 votes. 3rd place. Endorsement percentage 76.
hideout door. 1103 votes. 3rd place. Endorsement percentage 69.
Colorfusical. 482 votes. 14th place. Endorsement percentage 53.
With the exception of Colorfusical, the margins are pretty narrow.
If everyone who endorsed them put them as one of their three most interesting,
and the ones who hadn't endorsed them...
didn't put them in their three most interesting, it'd be easier to decide.
That's why I said the endorsement item isn't needed.
But then we couldn't compare them separately from the currently serialized works.
Well, in reality they don't get really get compared to each other anyway.
If we break it down to being between KIYOSHI and TRAP,
the voter's average age is 14.3 for TRAP.
Yeah. The average for KIYOSHI, 17.5, is too high.
TL Note: Seinen is a genre that is aimed toward the adult male demographic.
It's not a shounen manga, it's a seinen manga.
Well if you're going to argue about whether it's enough of a shounen manga,
KIYOSHI wins in the boys-to-girls ratio.
More than 90 of votes were from males. That's quite an incredible figure.
Right now, the boys-to-girls ratio doesn't matter.
The total number of votes from girls wasn't even that high.
In terms of vote total, TRAP is higher.
And KIYOSHI has a higher endorsement percentage.
And hideout door isn't nothing, either.
The few female votes are mostly centered around that one.
There's certainly no work like any of these in Jack right now, huh?
It's already six o'clock.
I'm about to burst.
Is the meeting still going on?
He said he'd call you as soon as the results came out, right?
Calm down.
Eh? I'm totally cool.
You call that being cool?
Yeah, yeah. Keep it together, keep it together, hey!
It's late.
It's so damn late.
That Yuujirou guy better not have forgotten.
He's supporting me, so he wouldn't do that, right?
WWell, I think it's between your work and Ashirogi-kun's work.
I dunno.
In the real deal, Ashirogi-kun and I both ranked 2nd.
And your pair got 3rd.
But since they're taking 5000 votes now, it wouldn't be odd for those results to change.
Damn, how many times do they need to count them?
Different results, huh?
But we've come this far. Sorry Nakai-san, but I'm gonna take this.
No, I will!
We will...
It's here!
Yes, it's Fukuda!
Yes?
Hello?
So?
Golden Future Cup GET!
But guys...
All right!
Yeah, but it's not just you Fukuda-kun...
Oh, so you did it, huh, Fukuda-sensei?
Yes? Yes?
Two works?
Yes, both yours and KIYOSHI Knight.
The first two-work winner in history?
Well yeah, but this is still only the sixth Golden Future Cup.
But anyway...
Congratulations! Congratulations!
Yes, it got away from us this time, but...
Yes, so it's still all right for me to move ahead working with Aoki-san?
Thank you very much! Thank you very much! Thank you very much!
Fukuda-kun, congratulations.
Sharing the title with Ashirogi-kun kinda annoys me, though.
Even so...
It really went just as Niizuma-sensei said it would, a tie for 1st.
I'm actually more surprised that...
Niizuma-kun got that right than that it's the first double-winner in history.
Who cares if two works won or whatever?
You got 1st place, you're happy right?
Yeah.
You're happy, right?
Yeah...
But this means we're on for another battle with Fukuda-san at the serialization meeting.
Yeah, Nakai-san's team's work will get passed around there too.
Like I said, let's not talk about stuff like that right now.
Let's just honestly be happy, okay?
Ah, sorry, but we...
Already are perfectly happy about it, so...
What do you think? Should we already start revising?
Really?
I'm so glad, so glad!
Like I said, don't cry.
I've got to email Azuki...
They did it!
I get how happy you are for us, just don't cry, okay?
But...
It's here!
Why is she asking for Shuujin's and not mine?
Oh, I see.
Oh? Another call from Hattori-san?
You sure are busy.
Huh? I don't know this number.
Hello?
This is Azuki.
Eh?! Azuki-san?!
DDid you maybe call the wrong person?
Takagi-kun, thank you.
Eh?!
EExcuse me, I'm going to the veranda.
WWhy?
Um, what is it, Azuki-san?
I've been thinking for a while now and I'd like to properly thank you at least once, Takagi-kun.
If it hadn't been for you,
Mashiro-kun and I...
probably would've never seen each other again after our middle school graduation.
We're always emailing each other about it.
Yeah, I guess that's right.
But it was really only because I wanted Saikou's help...
to fulfill my own dream of becoming a mangaka.
That dream too...
Mashiro-kun said that if you hadn't asked him,
he'd have just spent every day without a goal and lived out his life aimlessly.
And that it's because of you that he has a dream.
He said that it would be better for me to tell you,
because it's embarrassing for boys to tell each other that sort of thing.
I see.
But we still don't know...
if that plan to become mangakas is going to bring us fortune or misfortune.
I think having a dream, working hard, and never giving up couldn't possibly bring misfortune.
I guess so.
Working hard shouldn't really be a bad thing.
And Azuki-san, you're talking with a boy.
Getting a phone call from you all of a sudden kind of surprised me.
Well it's just a phone call. You can't see my face.
And it's not like I love you, Takagi-kun.
True enough.
What's with that?
It's all right, Miyoshi.
Azuki talking to Shuujin...
Why are you and Miho having such a fun conversation? Isn't that kind of weird?
Miho, Takagi is my boyfriend.
Why don't you talk to Mashiro?
Eh? I can't...
Yes you can.
You should at least give him a proper and direct Congratulations! for an occasion like this.
Here, Mashiro!
Come on!
Talking with Azuki?
How long...
How long will you wait for me?
I'll wait.
I'll wait forever.
We haven't since then...
TThis is Mashiro!
Hello?
Ah, thank you.
Yes, I saw.
No, not really...
Incredible.
I didn't think he'd be able to surpass the quality of the Golden Future Cup entry, but...
the tension and power are much better.
Could he finally catch up to CROW, which he's been working on and bad mouthing for so long?
What're you grinning about?
You're giving me the creeps, Yuujirou-san.
So what do you think of my name?
You're my editor, so please give me your honest opinion.
You know Fukuda-kun,
before the contents of your story, the way you act in your position
Who cares about junk like that right now?
To be overconfident just because of what happened in the Golden Future Cup...
would be a huge mistake.
This time, I'm winning!
I'll pack this full of stuff to make it popular!
This time, I want to grab serialization!
Then...
listen to what I'm saying.
Hm, not bad.
I've got nothing to criticize about the artwork.
Same with the story. The metaphors and allegorical style are expanding its scope.
Thank you very much!
We did it, Aoki-san!
Right? Right?
Let's go with this for chapter 1. If we push it too far, then
By not bad, do you mean it's not particularly good?
Aoki-san, that was just, you know...
A figure of speech.
If there is anything you are concerned about, please say so.
Since she's so proud,
I was wondering if she'd be any different after not winning the Golden Future Cup...
About the fourth line on page two...
Sorry.
I couldn't compress chapter 2 to 25 pages.
In order to finish the case started in chapter 1, I need to have 29 pages.
Okay, then it can't be helped. The story is interesting, so let's try to push this through.
Okay, we've got to get it through next time.
I'm going to fix more than just what we talked about.
Otherwise there's no way it'll be good enough.
Then we've got to head straight through to chapter 3.
Yeah.
Why don't you talk to Mashiro?
Eh? I can't...
Yes you can.
You should at least give him a proper and direct Congratulations! for an occasion like this.
Here, Mashiro!
TThis is Mashiro.
I want to apologize to him properly.
For what happened earlier.
I'm home.
Dinner's ready.
Did something happen?
No, nothing.
Really?
There are manga magazines on your bookshelves.
With the age you're at, could that have anything to do with a boy, Miho?
Don't just look at things in my room without permission!
Ashirogi Muto.
It even mentioned your dream.
Isn't that right?
Did you hear about that from Kaya?
No, none of it.
Then how do you know that much?
So you do have someone you like, I knew it!
No I don't...
Hey Miho, you're meeting that person properly, aren't you?
Have you not met him? The one you like?
What're you talking about?
It'd be really weird to talk about stuff like that with a mom.
We're not like that.
And even if we were, what's between us is between us.
I see, sorry.
I was just a little worried that you might be doing the same thing I did.
You see, your mom had a boy she really liked in middle school.
But it took all she had just to send letters.
And it ended after years of only corresponding with letters.
Only letters?
ThThat's strange...
You'd think that after years of avoiding each other,
the other person might not be interested in you.
I wouldn't think that.
Even if we didn't meet, I would always believe in the person I was writing to.
Really? Glad to hear it.
Good, this gets an OK!
Okay, I'll hold onto this one.
Yes?
Yeah, you're done now?
Got it, I'll meet you at the usual cafe.
I'll be right over.
Oh, working hard, are you?
Ah, thanks for all the work you've put in for us.
Thanks for the hard work.
Aida-san, I have something I need to talk to you about after this.
Hm? Okay, just call me whenever.
Well done!
Chapter 3 gets an OK too.
Now we can pass it around at the meeting.
Thank you very much!
Now all we can do is leave it to the higher-ups.
We know.
At this point, we've already done all we can.
It's been a pleasure!
So what did you want to talk about?
It's about Ashirogi Muto.
I was hoping you'd follow up on something at the serialization meeting for me.
Follow up?
I think people will...
naturally give opinions on whether or not they can keep drawing while going to high school.
Man oh man, you sure have confidence in them.
If the talks got all the way to that stage...
Yeah, you're probably right.
We're only submitting up to chapter 3 for the meeting,
but there are names for 10 chapters.
The others were done as a test for when they got serialized.
I had them draw one name every two weeks, and they did five manuscripts.
Also, this was going on while they were developing their entry for the Golden Future Cup.
Amazing... They did all this?
I'm not in a position where I can be in the serialization meeting,
so I need you to tell them that they can draw while going to high school.
Please!
Got it.
I'll tell them the fact that they did this much proves they can handle it.
Thank you very much!
Finally, huh?
Yeah, finally.
I see, so this is what screen tone is?
Keeping it going really late, huh?
No, it's not work.
What about you, Yuujirou-san?
This time, I'm really serious about getting Fukuda-san serialized.
And Nakai has a chance too.
I'm looking for new assistants for Niizuma-kun for when that happens.
There are good people all over,
so I've got some reference material for people I might be able to use.
Really, I thought that as long as they can draw well, then anyone's fine.
Oh, those are copies of the names being submitted to the serialization meeting, right?
Yes, there are 13 this time too. I've got them all here.
Ashirogi-kun sure is getting good assessments.
Yeah, but they kind of feel like assessments of their future promise.
Hey, want to go for a drink?
Right now?
It's better than sitting here and worrying by yourself.
There are two veteran works getting sent around this time.
The limit for newcomers is probably one.
No, two for newcomers.
Rather, after a brief review of the names,
I have a feeling they'll be okay with starting about five series.
There aren't gonna be five.
In the past, there was that group of five from ROOKIES to HUNTERXHUNTER.
It had both newcomers and veterans.
That was already a legend before we even entered the company.
But more realistically, there's gonna be two serialized at most.
Yeah, you're probably right.
I really want Ashirogi Muto to get serialized.
Regardless of my own credit for it happening.
It's the same for me.
I wanna be able to go to one of those meetings soon.
They sound like fun.
Well, I guess so.
Isn't this the first time you've ever asked me to go drinking?
Eh? Is it?
Well, good work today.
You too.
Tomorrow, huh?
This time...
With this work, serialization...
Tomorrow. No, today?
It'll finally be decided.
Our future...
With Shuujin... and...
The serialization meeting has finally started.
We're finally here, huh?
We've worked really hard following our dream, but...
Next time everything will be decided.
Next time, Yes and No.
The fate of our dream is...
