Yuueisha
Hey, Hattori!
Yes?
This Takagi-Mashiro team has gotten way better since the name stage.
Yeah, I really thought so.
This thing's quite interesting.
Oh, thank you.
For the early report, we're first!
Yes!
But don't get relaxed.
You two have thirty-three votes.
Niizuma-kun has thirty-one votes.
That Hattori guy...
If Eiji loses, it will definitely put a damper on our serialization.
No, there's no way Niizuma Eiji will lose.
I just got the results for the real deal.
Your rank for the real deal is...
Third place.
Third?
Niizuma-kun, you got first place in the questionnaires.
Congratulations!
What are questionnaires?
I think I can make the character designs for serialization even better.
I can probably go with this protagonist.
This is fine.
This boy doesn't need to know about the questionnaires and stuff.
Saikou...
There are lots of people who do mainstream,
so being number one is hard.
In other words, doing cult is just running away!
What we're aiming for is number one in Japan!
Are you really sure about this?
Yup!
Whatever you say, but why are you going so far for this?
Don't worry about it. Just make sure you don't hold back.
Hey, what are they doing?
Boxing?
No, that's mixed martial arts!
Hey, keep it down.
We're not playing around here.
Good luck, miss!
Hey! Come on already!
SStop it, I give, I give!
What happened, Shuujin?
You get beat up by Miyoshi again?
No, I asked her to do this.
I thought that I didn't understand the feelings of people who fight in battle stories.
Isn't that kind of different?
Well, maybe you have a point...
Did you learn anything?
Fighting is scary.
That's really the truth.
We can't make a story about a protagonist who's afraid of fighting, though.
Saikou-kun, congratulations on placing third in Jack NEXT!!
If it were the main magazine, it would be a different story.
But getting that rank in NEXT! has no meaning.
Huh? Why?
I told you, didn't I?
What we're going for is first.
Otherwise, it's not enough to get us serialized.
Well, that may be true...
But...
In the end, everything in the world has ranks.
I really don't like it.
So, Saikou, why are you drawing Dragon Ball?
Isn't that someone else's manga?!
You're not supposed to copy it, right?
I decided to find scenes I scenes that stood out in ten battle manga...
and copy at least a hundred pages from each.
A hundred pages each from ten works?!
If I can't even do this much, I don't think I'll be able to draw a battle manga.
Doing this will help me make my own original drawings.
What does he mean?
Well, it's kind of hard to explain, but...
To put it simply, what we did for NEXT! was a cult type manga.
We thought that to get first in Jack,
we need to do a mainstream battle manga.
So, we're going to try that.
I don't really get what you mean about this mainstream and cult stuff.
But that's why Mashiro is studying Dragon Ball's artwork
and why you asked me to fight you seriously?
Basically.
I didn't really learn much from it, though.
You guys are amazing.
How can you face forward and head straight for your dreams like that?
You know, right?
About how in the second year of middle school, I went all the way to the national championships for karate.
But I knew there were tons of people there stronger than me,
and I also had exams to take, so I quit pretty easily.
Even Miho keeps trying and doesn't get discouraged when she fails an audition.
So, Azuki failed some auditions?
Didn't you know?
You didn't get an email about it?
I never got one like that.
I get it.
I didn't send her an email about getting third, which wasn't good enough.
I'm sure Azuki will only tell me when she overcomes hurdles...
and gets closer to her dream, too.
That seems like her.
I see... Miho sure is strong.
Most girls, when they fail or feel down,
want to be encouraged by the person they like.
I'm going to send Azuki a quick email.
Eh? Why?
To tell her that the results from NEXT! weren't good this time,
but I'm using it as motivation to try harder.
So, you do have some sense in you?
That will definitely encourage Miho.
Okay, send!
That was fast!
Is that Miho's reply?
They're short, but when they write to each other, they're always fast.
Well? What did Miho say?
Kaya told Mashiro to do something unnecessary, didn't she?
Tell her I said,'Stop talking so indiscreetly!'
Ah. She found me out.
That's our Azuki-san.
I'm so jealous of you guys.
I want a dream, too!
Maybe you could do karate again or something?
I don't like combat sports anymore.
I want a more girlish dream.
But I'll never be as good as you guys...
I have no good features.
You're a nice person, Miyoshi.
You've got big tits, Miyoshi.
Is that the way you look at me, Takagi?!
What Mashiro said was way better!
Eh, well you're a girl, so having a big chest is a good feature!
I wasn't talking about that!
Ah, you total pervert!
You lech!
Dreams, huh?
Yuujirou, Niizuma Eiji will be starting YELLOW HIT in issue 33.
Yes, sir!
My luck is finally turning around.
Does he have the music blasting again?
I told him several times that the serialization meeting was today.
I'm going to go have a meeting with Niizuma-kun!
He's just lucky.
Niizuma had been submitting works for the Tezuka Award for a while,
and he was just the first one to notice.
Niizuma-kun! Niizuma-kun!
NIIZUMA-KUN!
Yo, what's up?
It's cool how you always suddenly appear like that.
Turn down the volume!
I've told you to keep your phone nearby so you can answer it.
How?
You can just leave your cell phone in a place you can see it, right?
When you get a call, it will light up.
Don't mess with what's on my desk! Don't touch it!
II got it, sorry!
Huh? What're you drawing?
It just hit me.
It's really interesting.
Kitchen trash, kitchen trash, combustible traaash...
Kitchen trash, kitchen trash, combustible traaash...
Kitchen trash, kitchen trash, combustible traaash...
Don't draw stuff like that!
Here, YELLOW HIT's serialization was decided!
Serialization?!
All right! All right! All right-pin!
I really wanted to be serialized.
I'm happy.
I'm going to be the most popular author!
CCongratulations.
What?
He's actually happy.
Then don't make it so hard for me to get in contact with you, dammit.
Also starting is Takano-sensei.
You're going first, starting with issue 33.
The ending manga are..
When is my deadline?
It's starting issue 33, so...
for the color pages, it's the third of June.
The center color page for chapter two, plus the rest of the chapter, are due on the thirteenth.
Easy peasy.
Crowy cawy.
I hope you'll come to pick it up then.
Well, there are still a bunch of things, like assistants...
I trust you on that.
Do you think this is good for a protagonist?
I think it's fine, but...
If you don't like it, then...
next, similar to Ishinomori-sensei's Kamen Rider...
or Hara-sensei's Hokuto no Ken,
I was going for a dramatic battle story.
Uh, I said this was fine.
Anyway, the name...
Right...
In a world where demons run rampant,
there is a sword in which many demons dwell.
The protagonist is the only human who can wield that sword without giving into its evil magic power.
He defeats demons that try to steal the sword.
One demon appears from inside the sword,
which he must also defeat.
If the sword is stolen, the world will be taken over by the demons.
If he defeats all the demons dwelling inside the sword,
the world will be at peace.
I thought I should try to stay with swords, like we decided.
Then I got the idea to have the sword be the main part of the setup.
So honestly, what do you think?
It kind of feels old.
Like it's an idea that's been done to death...
No...
Maybe it's all right to do this sort of cliche setup for a mainstream story.
The problem will be how the story plays out and how we show the battles.
Anyway, I think we have to bring it and show it to him.
Okay.
Thanks for waiting.
Sorry for having to meet at the train station.
No problem.
Okay, let's go.
I kind of feel pathetic though.
Being an assistant to a sensei who's only in the second year of high school.
Don't say that.
If you're upset about it, just try to get your own work serialized faster.
Nakai-san, wasn't it?
I'm twenty-one, but how old are you?
Thirty-three.
Sorry.
No, don't worry about it.
Hey, are we starting today? Work?
Well, about that...
It seems he's done all of chapter one by himself already...
Eh? Then he doesn't need us, right?
Well, there's still chapter two and past that.
At worst, you can meet him.
Also, he's kind of a strange kid,
so you're better off getting used to him as soon as possible.
Strange kid?
Anyway, I have to get the color pages and go right back.
But I'll give you a good introduction, so relax.
What are you doing?!
This isn't your new series, YELLOW HIT!
What you did for NEXT! is CROW, isn't it?!
Serialize that one.
I finished the first chapter with sixty-four pages.
This is bad...
What're you doing?!
Hattori-san, you said that in three years,
we'll be able to compete with mainstream.
You never intended to serialize the cult story...
Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie in the first place, did you?
So starting now, we're doing mainstream!
Didn't I tell you that you would get popular without doing mainstream?!
No, we want to do mainstream!
ThThis is crazy!
I don't know how to say this...
Listen, lots of newcomers come in that have drawn mainstream.
Or, well, it's not that they come in thinking it's mainstream,
it's just all they're exposed to are games and mainstream manga.
So, that's all they can draw.
But Takagi-kun can write stories that aren't like that.
That's your weapon.
But in reality, what's popular in Jack are things like...
Bleach,
Hunter X Hunter,
Naruto,
One Piece,
all mainstream battle manga.
You are ten years too early to be comparing yourselves to popular serialized manga!
First, you should be thinking about what kind of manga you can get serialized, right?
After all that effort, you got third in NEXT!,
that's why I said you should stay on the road you're already on!
But getting third in NEXT! won't carry us to serialization, right?
All right.
If, in the next issue of NEXT!, you get the top spot for a newcomer,
third or better overall,
and get within the top eight as a one-shot in the main magazine,
I'll think about moving it toward serialization.
However, you two can't get popular with mainstream.
This name isn't interesting at all.
Then...
we'll think up and bring in a mainstream manga you think is good enough to run.
Shuujin...
You too, Takagi-kun?
I just told you, doing mainstream isn't the best way for you to utilize your talents and get popular!
Why don't you understand?!
Hattori-san is having a rare bout of anger.
It's because they're promising newcomers.
Ashirogi Muto.
Do you think they're promising?
Ah, yes. I'm more of an Ashirogi fan than Niizuma.
Well, it's the editor-approved, reader-rejected types I'm uneasy about...
but not with the readers in general, so I'm a bit uneasy, but
Excuse me.
Hello?
In the end, you finally made an excellent setup for a story.
We should be talking about how to make use of that!
Then I'll do a good setup for mainstream
What?!
Niizuma Eiji's manuscript for his new series won't be done in time?!
Niizuma Eiji?!
New series?
What are you saying?
You were just going to get the color pages and the finished chapter...
with time to spare, weren't you?!
What he was drawing wasn't his new series!
It seems he was drawing the first chapter for CROW, not YELLOW HIT!
CROW?! The hell! What are we going to do?!
It's two days before the deadline for the color pages.
There are nine days until it goes to print,
so I asked if he could draw it in time, but he refuses to do it!
He doesn't want to draw it!
He can't just not draw it!
We've never had a hole for new serialization in the entire history of the magazine!
Heishi, let me have the phone for a minute.
Ah, okay.
I'm putting the editor-in-chief on.
This is Sasaki.
Please bring the manuscript he did draw, along with Niizuma-kun himself, here.
The editor-in-chief just told him to bring Niizuma Eiji here.
Niizuma Eiji coming here...
Niizuma-kun, we're going to the editorial department.
I've always wanted to go to the Jack editorial department.
Does he not understand what he's done?
No...
If I become the number one most popular author in Jack,
please give me the power to end one manga that I hate.
He's the kind of kid who'd say something like that...
I have no idea what he's thinking.
If I'm going to be this kid's editor, I can't be half-hearted about it...
Dammit, I was too naive!
Niizuma-kun, where's the manuscript you did for the first chapter of CROW?
I think you're standing on it, Yuujirou-san.
Heading out!
Sorry!
That's all for today.
I'll call you later.
I wonder if they'll let me quit being an assistant here.
Niizuma-kun, answer me honestly.
If you have assistants, how many days will it take you to do sixty-four pages?
I don't want to draw that.
Crow's rival is discovered!
I don't care if you want to draw it or not!
I'm asking if you did draw it, how many days would it take?!
I've never had assistants before.
If I had four days, I think that would be plenty.
How many?!
What? If the editorial department tells him to just shut up and draw, everything will be fine?
No, from how he's been acting, he probably won't be any easier on the editor-in-chief.
Is this the place? It sure is a pretty building.
Hurry!
I brought Niizuma-kun with me!
Ooh, sure is big.
So this is where Jack gets made?
That's the genius...
Niizuma Eiji.
I'm sorry!
I should have kept a better eye on him.
He can't concentrate with people around,
and whenever I called him on the phone,
he always just said he was doing fine.
But when I asked him just now in the taxi,
he said that if he starts now, he could make it in time.
Then hurry up and have him get drawing!
It's no use, he says that he doesn't want to draw YELLOW HIT anymore.
So what if he doesn't want to draw it?!
It was decided in the serialization meeting!
How can he be so selfish?!
Yuujirou, let me see that manuscript.
Ah, yes, sir.
They've already decided to serialize Niizuma-san, huh?
Why didn't you tell us?
Should I have?
I wasn't trying to hide it or anything.
Of course we would want you to tell us.
He's our rival, after all.
Rival, huh?
Well, coming from these two, that's how it is.
Did you read this?
Take a look at it.
Yes, sir.
CROW got first place in NEXT!, didn't it?
Yes.
It actually got the majority of the votes.
The first newcomer to do so in a while.
Are you saying we should serialize this?
Editor-in-Chief, the preview at the end of issue 32 for YELLOW HIT has already been printed.
I'll take responsibility for that.
With the idea of doing CROW in mind,
are the names for chapters two and beyond made?
Eh... No, I'll have to ask the author himself.
Huh?
Where did Niizuma-kun go?
This all happened because of him, and yet...
I knew it!
Like I thought, you're Ashirogi Muto.
I thought Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie was the most interesting one,
is that getting serialized?
No...
Ah, that's too bad.
I could never come up with something like that.
It was incredible!
The natural... genius?
Is he making fun of us?
Niizuma-kun, what are you doing?!
You're a two-man team, so that's how your story and drawings were both so deep.
These two are the ones who wrote Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie.
I love that manga, I'm their fan.
It's only by one year,
but the fact that you're younger than me and could draw that is amazing.
Still, I'm really happy to hear you're close to my age!
I would really like to be comrades, working in Jack together.
I'm from Aomori, so I don't have any friends my age here yet.
Let's be friends, please.
Working together?
Comrades?
Be friends?
No, he's not making fun of us.
He's being serious.
Got it. We can have a proper introduction later.
But first, did you do a name for chapters two and three of CROW?
If you did, then they might be okay with serializing CROW.
Then we'll serialize CROW.
So you have the names? Where?
If they're at your apartment, we can go get them.
They're in my head.
There's no use for them in your head!
Tada!
If you give me an hour, I can put them on paper.
In one hour?
Chapter two is twenty-five pages and chapter three is twenty-one pages!
I've already got them in my head, so it won't take long.
CROW!
Ah, over there, not here!
You'll be in the way of the meeting.
No, if you wouldn't mind, I'd like him to draw it here.
Yes, please.
OOkay.
You two, if you watch Niizuma Eiji,
you'll understand that you don't stand a chance doing mainstream.
You have to realize that you shouldn't be starting a mainstream battle.
Understand...
I'm done.
That wasn't even thirty minutes, let alone an hour.
I'll bring this over to the editor-in-chief.
You come, too, Niizuma-kun!
Sorry for the intrusion.
I think you've got a good grasp on what just happened, right?
Yes...
The series from NEXT! that's getting serialized, CROW, is a mainstream battle manga.
Niizuma-kun is a genius-type.
Even if you do mainstream, you won't be able to beat him.
And it's the general viewpoint of the editorial department...
that Niizuma-kun won't be able to become number one in the main magazine.
How can you be sure we won't win against Niizuma-san?
Still...?
Our mainstream won't even be appearing together with Niizuma-san.
After seeing your name today, I can tell!
To be exact, you're saying...
I can tell you can't win based on this name.
Right?
All right.
Half a year!
If you can't make a name that I approve of in half a year,
you will follow my plan.
And then if you still insist on doing mainstream,
I'll step down as your editor!
Are you all right with that?!
Yes!
Our time limit is half a year.
In that time, we have to make something Hattori-san approves of!
Huh?! Then what about dates?
We won't have that kind of time!
Right away? Then I'm going to Miho's house.
Next time, Debut and Impatience
Balancing dreams and love is hard!
