Mashiro! So Miho's having her debut as a seiyuu, huh?!
It's still just a small part.
He's just being shy.
But it's amazing, isn't it?
Now, if you and Takagi make an anime,
then you can use Miho for the heroine and get married, right?!
It's almost scary!
I'm so excited!
You can't get an anime adaptation that easily.
And I don't think Azuki will be able to play the part...
if she doesn't get into the position where she can be a heroine.
Why is he being so cool and collected about this?
He's that kind of character.
Anyway, how about the three of us watch it together when it airs?
It's late at night, isn't it?
It's all right.
I'll just tell my parents I'm watching it with some friends since Miho's in it.
With guy friends?
Well, I won't tell them that much.
Sorry, I'd rather watch it alone.
RReally? Sorry.
Well, we're heading to the workplace, so...
Okay...
Hey, is it okay if I watch it with you?
Eh?
Sei Visual.
Azuki becoming a seiyuu...
and our dream of getting an anime involve me too, don't they?
Mm, I guess they do.
So, you wanna watch it together at the workplace?
Yeah, sorry.
I really want to get an anime before Azuki becomes the heroine for another anime...
I feel the same way.
Azuki's been our heroine ever since middle school.
Our?
Eh? Is that going too far?
Then she's your heroine.
And my heroine's... Miyoshi?
You upset about that?
No, I'm totally fine with it.
A heroine, someone who would be liked by everyone...
I don't think this way is right.
Dammit! Since Futatsu no Chikyuu and Kane to Chie both had dramatic tones to them,
I can't draw a cute girl!
Can't you just do it like that one?
You know, like when you drew Azuki in your notebook during the third year of middle school?
NNo good?
I'm just saying, that wasn't a dramatic kind of thing, it was super cute.
You're right, I've heard of a bunch of times where mangakas drew their own ideal girl as the heroine.
Whoa, awesome! I can draw cute really easily!
Okay, then here.
If there aren't any problems with them, make a copy.
TL Note: Watashi no Angel = My Angel
An angel for a protagonist, huh?
Pirates, ninjas, shinigami, youkai...
Those sort of things are done all the time,
but I've never seen something in Jack with an angel for a protagonist.
And if you make it a cool-looking angel, it'll be popular with girls too.
Hanasaka Tenshi Tenten-kun had one, though.
Yeah... but that was a gag manga.
I really liked it as a kid.
Which means this could be popular with kids.
Yeah. Well, if you look for manga with angels as protagonists, you could probably find a bunch.
Okay, okay. If you're afraid it overlaps with one too much, then I won't draw any more.
You have an angel suddenly killing someone, though.
That's a bad angel.
The angels' mission is to deliver dead humans to heaven.
But there are some angels that come down to earth in swarms to deceive and kill humans,
in order to earn more points.
In order to stop them, the angel of justice swoops down to the human world!
He falls in love with a girl and they fight the evil angels.
And the end will be emotionally moving!
I'm confident about this.
Yeah, it's interesting.
This really fulfills the conditions Hattori-san gave us.
It's Hattori-san.
Hello, it's Takagi.
I know this is sudden, but do you know about the Gold Future Cup?
Ah, yeah.
They held it last year too, didn't they?
That one where newcomers compete with one-shots?
Well, they have it this year too.
Do you want to try submitting a name...
in order to gain some achievements before the next issue of NEXT!
Really?
The Gold Future Cup? We'll do it.
We're drawing a good one right now.
Only four or five works are actually run,
but I think about twenty names get sent around.
However, the deadline is June 25th, so there's not much time
We'll be fine!
We'll have it done with time to spare!
This is a great chance!
Yeah!
If we get first in the Gold Future,
serialization won't be just a dream anymore!
We'll definitely make it happen!
It will be fine, even if it needs fixes.
Let's bring in the name three days before the deadline.
Okay!
For the angel protagonist, I don't think he should have clothes exactly like a human's.
Oh, you're right. The readers need to be able to differentiate between angels and humans.
Takagi! Mashiro!
I got some tickets to a movie!
How about the three of us go after school?
Sorry, we've got to finish a manuscript in a hurry.
What should we do?
You always have them with wings in this name.
Well, I guess they can show them to the humans that find out they're angels,
but typically they should hide them.
Oh, yeah.
She has lessons today.
Why does everybody else have a dream?
I want a dream too!
Incredible.
You've got everything I said was necessary for a battle manga in here.
And it feels natural.
You're even more skilled than I thought, Takagi-kun.
Honestly, I didn't think you'd be able to get this far drawing battle manga.
Sorry.
Ah, no problem.
But...
I'm extremely limited in the advice I can give as an editor.
It's very important for mangakas to be able to do more than what their editors tell them.
Understand?
Ah, yes. I think so.
Editors can't make stories that they can be sure will sell.
And though this sounds extreme, if we could, we'd just draw them ourselves!
A mangaka has to surpass his editor!
UUm, are you saying that this name isn't any good after all?
Ah... Sorry, that's not what I meant.
I'm saying that what you have at this point is good, but...
I don't want you to just aim higher,
I'd also like you to do something that would surprise me.
The same with Mashiro-kun's drawings.
These drawings are very high quality. They pass.
But as for something that surpasses my advice...
If you came up with something people couldn't ask for,
that no one could imitate, it'd be perfect.
Well, maybe I'm setting the bar too high, but please think of it as a compliment that I'm asking this much of you.
All right.
Anyhow, I'll send this in for Golden Future.
I was really surprised that Hattori-san said we could draw mainstream.
It's got me pretty fired up. Feels like we can do it, doesn't it?
Really? I feel like we were taken in a little. He said it was good, but that it didn't really shine.
Shine?
He said he'd submit it for Golden Future,
but it sounds like you have to do something that really shocks the editor to be number one.
A long time ago, my uncle said the same thing.
There are lots of people that can win awards and debut.
The real problem comes after that.
Those that can make it to serialization are only one out of a few dozen.
It's already hard to be happy about having an entry.
I want to be number one and get serialized...
Popular... Popular...
I wanna be popular!
YYou're embarrassing me, stop it!
Thanks for coming all the way here.
Huh? Where's Shimoyama-kun?
Ah, he quit.
He quit?!
Um, the drawings are going fine,
but under these conditions, I'd appreciate another assistant or two.
Okay, got it.
Niizuma-kun, I'm here to pick up the manuscript.
Oh, you're here.
How's Ashirogi-sensei doing?
Eh? Uh, I think they submitted something for the Golden Future Cup.
Oh, that one where they compete?
Yes.
They'll have a one-shot running, I'm looking forward to it.
Ashirogi-sensei will be number one.
Yes! Crow!
What? It's not even being entered?
Yes. It's unfortunate, but that's the feedback I got.
Also...
Not only is it not going to be in Golden Future,
but as it stands, even if it were sent in for the summer NEXT!,
they said it probably wouldn't do well there either.
Maybe mainstream is impossible for us after all.
I'm the one who said we had to do mainstream.
I can't make stories like you, Shuujin.
We should just do the stories you want to
Don't say stuff like that!
I said I wanted to aim for the top by doing mainstream too!
To get a call like this, today of all days...
We won't be able to enjoy Azuki's appearance in the anime.
WhWhat's going on? Even though I'm so depressed, I'm actually getting really excited!
Sei Visual Gakuin Koutou Bu!
It's starting!
We...
We are saints!
A new excitement is awakening in my heart.
If we have a rendezvous, then yes,
your heart is...
Well then, everyone, take care.
Hey, it's almost over already?
Is Azuki really in this?
UUm, senpai..
There she is! Saotomeji Reika!
Ever since... I came to this school, senpai...
II've liked you, Elina-senpai.
All the new students say that to me.
Likes her?
What is this?
What's with this charge between them?
Shut up, Shuujin!
Ah, ssorry.
Take care.
So in the end, Azuki only had four lines.
But she was a lot better than I'd expected.
Azuki...
This is the actress who plays Ijyuuniin Elina, Ootsukina Nanami.
It's Azuki!
Aw man, they're showing her on-screen!
I wonder if she's embarrassed.
Being shown on TV in cosplay.
No, Azuki's the same as us.
She's determined to move forward.
We can't lose.
Azuki's going to keep doing her best from here!
We can't get depressed over something like being rejected!
YYeah. You're right.
Tsuda.
Here.
Segawa.
Here.
Takagi.
Is Takagi absent?
Takahashi.
Here.
Nice weather, isn't it?
Your cell phone's ringing.
Hattori-san?
Hearing you were rejected must've been a shock, huh?
No...
Yes.
Yes.
You must feel frustrated.
Yes.
That's good.
Your name is in this envelope.
Though the candidates for the Golden Future Cup got sent around to the higher ups,
the people on this read it and wrote their critiques of it.
Give it a read.
ThThat's it. I can't read anymore...
Shuujin...
Hattori-san, you didn't write these yourself, did you?
I wouldn't do something like that.
I really didn't think the editorial department was expecting so much from us,
saying we show promise and everything.
Yeah, I was surprised too.
Though it actually made me feel pressured to write a good piece next time.
But that Miyoshi sure is amazing.
Mm.
Yesterday when I got home, I checked how many newcomers were closer to serialization than us,
and there were at least fifteen.
I see.
No matter how much they expect of us, all we've done is run in NEXT! once.
I guess we've got some hard work ahead.
He said your drawings were high quality,
so I guess now...
I need to focus on my name.
Fifteen to two. Group three wins!
Phew, it's finally over.
What?
What about what?
You were watching me the whole time, weren't you?
Yeah, I saw your tits bouncing all over the place.
Again with that total pervert stuff?!
It was a joke...
Look, see?
It's true, she's in here!
Anticipated beautiful girls of the seiyuu world?
She's on the business office's homepage too.
Miho's school doesn't allow part time-jobs,
so she got in trouble over it.
I got an email from her saying, Since I've been such a diligent student, they let me off the hook!
Yeah. Apparently they said they'll cooperate as long as she puts her schoolwork first.
It must be nice to be serious and cute.
Miyoshi, did you come here just to show us this?
I have an announcement.
Announcement?
Thanks to you, I too have chosen a dream.
Dream?
What?
I'm going to be a writer.
Writer?!
Miho is a seiyuu... Takagi and Mashiro are mangakas...
I figured that I want to stand on the same level as all of you, so I chose writing.
What a shallow thought process...
But I think I'll do cell phone novels.
Lots of companies are taking them on the Internet.
What're you gonna write?
A romance.
Modeled after Miho and Mashiro.
Of course, I'm gonna change it from mangaka and seiyuu.
I'll make it a novelist and an actress.
I think I'll change the anime adaptation and heroine parts
to a live-action drama adaptation and lead actress.
That could be interesting!
I know, right?
What the hell are they doing?
So Takagi, could you help me out a little with it?
In exchange, I'll help you write girls' emotions for your manga.
Hm... Well, for what I'm writing now, I will be needing a heroine...
Yay! Then it's settled!
I understand your desire to have a dream too, Miyoshi,
but honestly I don't want you interfering with our manga.
Eh, why?!
You're gonna need girl's emotions too, aren't you?
It's shounen manga, we can just make it a boy's idealized version of a girl.
Ah, right.
But Takagi is the one coming up with the story.
Hey, I've got some of my writing stored on my cell phone. Could you take a look at it?
Shuujin.
These plans are all by the book, none of them are original.
They're not boring, but they feel the same as Angel Days that we submitted for the Golden Future Cup.
Unless we come up with something that'll stand out, I think we'll just get the same result.
I see...
It's true that all mainstream stories I write feel similar.
Maybe I've been too focused on what Hattori-san told us.
Perhaps I'll try to work on it a little more.
Hey, Saikou.
I don't think I can keep doing this the same way.
You can't?
It's like I'm forcing myself to think up plans every day.
In order to force things to move when they won't,
I keep thinking of original setups to the stories.
But I really don't think that'll do it.
Unless I can come up with characters that make me say This is it!, then it's not good enough.
Like Eiji said, characters that move by themselves, and that you want to see move.
If that comes to me, I think I'll be able to write something different than what we've done up until now,
something that really stands out.
And though I don't know how to get that yet, I'll use my whole summer vacation.
I'll try to come up with it alone, with a little change of pace.
I see. Got it.
Somehow, I...
No, sometime during summer vacation, I'll write an interesting name.
Eh?
A work from Mashiro-kun?
Yeah. For the work that won the second place prize in the name category for the last Story King.
Mashiro-kun's artwork is pretty good for a newcomer.
No good?
Please don't say something so ridiculous.
Of course he can't.
Ashirogi Muto is a two-man team.
Yeah, you're right...
I guess I'll ask elsewhere.
Sorry.
Then what about Mashiro-kun working as an assistant?
Assistant?
You're not talking about Niizuma-kun, are you?
Yeah. The mangaka is sixteen, so the older assistants are giving him the cold shoulder.
Mashiro-kun is younger than him and he's a good artist.
Even just for summer vacation would be fine.
Ashirogi Muto thinks of Niizuma-kun as a rival.
There's no way he'll go for it.
Can't you just ask, please?
At times like this, as fellow editors, we should help each other out.
Only if both Takagi-kun and Mashiro-kun agree to it.
I don't think they will though.
Takagi!
I'm so happy.
This is the first time you've invited me on a date, isn't it?
So, what do you want to do?
A movie, karaoke, bowling?
Bowling!
Shuujin didn't come today either.
He hasn't contacted me once since summer vacation started.
I guess mainstream really is difficult.
That was fun!
You got over two hundred, that's incredible!
Well, you managed to get a hundred yourself didn't you?
I wasn't really trying.
I wanna do karaoke next.
Okay.
Yay!
Oh, sorry, my phone's ringing.
Yes?
It's Hattori.
Is the name coming along?
Yes, well, uh... I'm writing some, but I haven't been coming up with anything that Mashiro is happy with.
I see.
Actually, I'm calling to ask if Mashiro could work as an assistant.
Assistant?
For something like this, I figured I should ask you first before asking Mashiro-kun.
I see.
Um... The truth is, I'm sort of struggling right now.
I can't think of anything that's really it.
So, I've been keeping Mashiro waiting the whole time.
And I really don't have any excuse.
That's why if Mashiro says he'll go, I won't stop him.
I understand.
Huh? Me, be an assistant?
Yes, it's fine if it's just for summer vacation.
But right now, we're trying to get serialized...
Takagi-kun was against it, but he said if you wanted to go, he wouldn't stop you.
Takagi said that?
Yes. And if you want to go, it's for Niizuma-kun.
Niizuma Eiji...
Until we get serialized, please continue being serialized and wait for us.
Roger.
But I may be number one by then.
Of course, you're not obligated to do it.
I'm personally reluctant about it,
but I thought I'd ask, just in case.
I understand, I'll do it!
Mashiro would be an assistant?
Yeah, he'd be helping out another mangaka.
Even though you two make up Ashirogi Muto?
It's my fault for keeping him waiting.
Even though I'm the one who invited him to become a mangaka in the first place.
So, let's go home.
Takagi...
I'm not... getting in the way, am I?
If I go to Eiji's place, I might pick up something.
It's for Shuujin's sake too, since he's struggling with the name!
This is the actress who plays Ijyuuniin Elina, Ootsuki Nanami.
I play the role of Saotomeji Reika, my name is Azuki Miho.
Now then, on the next Sei Visua
That's not right! Nanami-san...
Next time, Goblin and Kindness.
If a dream is conceited it won't come true!
