Yeah.
I'm so full... I ate too much.
That's because you ate two hamburgers.
But Mashiro was treating.
Anyhow, it sure has been a while...
What's it been... two, three months?
I dunno.
Well anyway, let's give it our all starting today!
Right!
Guess we've got to clean up first.
Yeah, we do.
Sorry.
Here.
The setup for the deceitful detective story.
Oh.
The protagonist is a con man detective...
He sets up traps for the culprits in order to bring out the truth, huh...?
I see, it's interesting.
You think so?
But this'll be tough.
I realized it when I was working on my name,
but detectives aren't really that active.
While they're solving mysteries, all they do is talk.
I mean, if all he does is have flashy battles, it's not really detective-like.
I guess you're right.
That's why I got stuck halfway through my name.
You wrote a name?
Let me see it.
Well... but... it's really only a little bit...
It's fine, just show it to me.
We're going to try our hardest on this together again, right?
Give it here.
It's really just the beginning, it's not much.
He makes them think that their victim is still alive, then catches them when they come to kill again...
It's an overused idea, but I think you've definitely got a grip on it.
I also like how you start with the main character in action.
Whoa, Mashiro's drawings are good! Totally different from yours.
In a name, the story is more important than the drawings!
Yes, right.
Hey.
Do you think we could have the protagonist disguise himself?
It's manga and he's a con man, so that should make sense.
Disguise himself as what?
As the murdered person.
So basically, the protagonist makes himself a decoy.
I get it...
Yeah, having one or two special abilities feels really fitting for a protagonist!
It's definitely more interesting that way!
From his body type to his gender, he can create a perfect disguise to defeat his enemies.
It looks like I was right. They are better off working together.
That really works with setup of a con man!
Now I've gotta do past here...
Yeah, grifts and traps that can surprise readers.
We need to come up with some.
But if we we can think some up, it'll be much more interesting!
We can make it with this!
I want to write for this protagonist more than any other I've done so far!
Let's bet on this!
With this, we can definitely get serialized!
Yeah!
But half a year...
Five names in half a year...
Saikou, the limit is half a year, right?
Are you saying you want more time?
No... I'll do it,
but to be honest,
a week after I told Hattori-san I was making a mystery-genre name...
Coming!
Sign please.
Six boxes?!
They were packed with mystery novels and DVDs.
And there was a letter.
Some will probably overlap in terms of story content, but what's important is how they're presented!
Try to study this much at the least.
If I looked though all that, it'd take me three months.
Well, it would be good to look over them.
The factors that are most important in a mystery story are the tricks and mysteries.
So it would definitely be beneficial to look through these.
Especially now that we've got a fascinating protagonist.
I want to make stories that are high quality and well finished.
So to be honest, I think it might be a good idea for us to take our time.
I see...
Shuujin, that might be the best way to go.
Even if we have good characters, we need to have cool stories or there's no point.
Saikou?
And just like how I obsess over my drawings,
I think it would be good for you to be particular about your stories.
I think that we should do
I'll look over them!
Those novels and DVDs.
I'll figure out all the main points and pass them along to Takagi.
That way I can advise Takagi on his names and save us some time.
Making the two of you a success is my dream!
What about the cell phone novels?
I'm giving that up.
That was fast!
You should think a little more before you act.
Helping you two out is more useful than trying to write a cell phone novel that might not sell, right?
Well, it certainly would help if you could just extract general ideas for me.
Then
But novels and movies have atmosphere to them too.
I think it may be better for you to look at them yourself.
They way you two feel them will be different.
I guess that's true, too.
But then we won't make it in ti
It's fine.
I think I've been rushing too much.
Ever since I heard about Azuki's debut and her getting popular,
I kind of felt like I was getting left behind.
So again, getting an anime by 18 isn't really...
No!
It's not like you to be okay with something like that!
HHey, why're you crying?
During the month when you two had dissolved your team,
it was really hard for me.
I even thought it might've been my fault.
And on top of that, I was worried about you two...
and about Miho too!
So what I want most right now...
is for you and Miho to be together.
Thanks, Miyoshi.
We'll make sure our manga gets an anime adaptation,
have Azuki do the heroine role, and we'll get married.
So to make that come true as soon as possible, please help us out!
I knew you'd understand, Mashiro-kun!
So in the end, you're just going to cry anyway?
And when that happens, let's get married too, okay?!
Eh? Do you mean me and you, Miyoshi?
Who else is there?
So you just proposed to me?
You said you loved me, didn't you?
Eh? I said I liked you, but love...
We kissed, didn't we?
Don't say stuff like that in front of Saikou!
Takagi!
Here you go! Yesterday's portion!
Ah, thanks.
Okay, want to head out?
Ah, I forgot my bag.
Hang on! Don't leave without me!
Miyoshi's got guts, doesn't she?
She's been doing this since then pretty much every day for the whole month.
She's summarizing the stories surprisingly well, too.
Um...
Me?
Yes.
What?
Takagi-kun, are you... going out with Miyoshi-san from class 3?
It looks like we're not only dating, but we're getting married.
Is he serious?
Yeah. I've got a fiance, too. Isn't that normal?
Mashiro.
What?
Tomorrow is November 5th. Do you know what day that is?
Azuki's birthday.
I knew you'd remember.
Don't worry, I'll be emailing her.
So that's it, huh? Thought so.
Love comes in many forms, you know.
Just Happy birthday?
Just?
What about a present?
For now, it's just my feelings.
I'm concentrating on the name from now until spring.
I guess love does take many forms.
Oh yeah, did you hear how they're making a second season of Sei Visual because of its popularity?
Eh? I haven't watched in a while, so I didn't know.
I heard in an email.
And Miho's singing the new ending song.
I didn't hear that part.
The record company's producer was really eager, so it looks like it's going to be done by three popular seiyuus.
I heard they decided it really quickly.
That's incredible. Azuki's really on the path to becoming a seiyuu idol.
Also, she asked me to make sure Mashiro doesn't see the new ending song.
Make sure I don't?
There's nothing else quite like it...
Azuki's really bad at singing.
This has got to be why she never wants to go to karaoke!
This is seriously making my sides hurt!
Loving you.
Missing you.
It's heartrending.
and feels like my heart is going to break.
And man, her skirt is really short.
It's got me kind of excited.
Go ahead and look. She's obviously wearing something underneath.
I know that.
Must be a shock for you, huh, Mashiro?
With other people seeing her like this and all...
No, I was just thinking about how even though I can see how hard Azuki's working,
she can't see me.
We could just send pictures by phone.
How about I take some?
Hey, stop it!
Why?
BBecause it's embarrassing.
Huh? Miho says don't watch!
Mashiro says it's embarrassing...
What's with you two?
Love takes many forms, man.
It's all a symphony.
Azuki... she's still cute!
Thank you very much!
Please take one. It would be much appreciated.
Yes, this is Takagi.
How are things going?
Yes, I'm working hard.
But I thought that since I have two years,
the first thing I should do is read all the novels and watch all the DVDs you sent me.
I see. Sorry, I know there are a lot.
No, they're all really good for reference.
I'm watching one right now.
I'm glad they're doing their job.
There's no need to rush, so when you're done with the name, contact me.
Okay.
With Miyoshi watching the DVDs, I think Hattori-san believed me completely.
Miyoshi, could you turn that off? It's Hattori-san calling.
Ah, sure.
Ah, Hattori-san.
Hello.
Yes...
I haven't really made much progress on the name,
but I'm still working at it!
Both Takagi-kun and Mashiro-kun are slowly working on mystery stories.
When they're done, I'll call them here to the editorial department.
Eh?! Shuujin did a mystery story, too?!
Yeah, looks like we came up with the same thing.
And their team will be revived.
Ashirogi Muto will be back!
All according to plan.
How are they, Heishi-san?
They're from Niizuma-kun's hometown.
Thank you very much!
Please take one. It would be much appreciated.
Eight chapters of serialization names, huh?
We actually meant to do 10 chapters, but we couldn't make it in time.
I hadn't heard you two were back together.
Sorry.
How long have you been working together again?
Well, from when you told me to keep quiet about it for two years... one month.
I see... You really got me.
No, I'll just take it as proof that you two really are a good team.
It's thanks to you that we revived our team.
You stopped me from drawing for another original author.
And you helped Takagi out with writing a detective story.
Thank you very much.
Then, let me read these.
Yes, sir!
WhWhat do you think?
It's interesting.
Exceptionally so.
I really feel like I've been tricked.
So no matter what, you won't wait until after you've left high school, right?
Right.
If you think we did well, please submit these to be sent around in the next serialization meeting.
I've said it plenty of times already, but it's not a good idea to be serialized while you're going to school.
Niizuma-san is doing it, isn't he?
And by himself!
All right. But I have two conditions.
Conditions?
First, for the next Golden Future Cup, submit this as a one-shot and get good results.
Golden Future Cup?
That's in the summer, isn't it?
And I have something for you to do until then.
At the pace of one every two weeks...
write and bring in mangas 19 pages long each.
Even without having serialization decided?
That's right.
For the real thing, you'll be doing one each week,
but you need to do the manuscript for the Golden Future Cup.
You two don't have any assistants, so you don't need to do the finishing touches.
Good results on the Golden Future Cup and a manuscript every two weeks.
If you clear these two goals, I'll submit your work to the serialization meeting.
Even so, those conditions are way too severe.
We'll do it!
And you can't just make these names into manuscripts,
you have two weeks each to make manuscripts at the same level as these.
That means for each finished chapter you bring in, we'll have the meeting for the next one.
So it's a rehearsal for serialization, huh?
That's right.
Do you guys normally go this far?
We don't.
But I want to go that far.
If you can't do that much, you can't draw a series while going to high school.
It's unfortunate, but I think you two are different from Niizuma-kun.
And the way detective stories are made is completely different from how battle stories are made.
But even if what you write doesn't get serialized, your efforts definitely haven't been in vain.
Thank you very much.
I didn't know that you were thinking about us so seriously.
We'll do it!
I'm sure we can!
And then we'll definitely grab serialization!
Okay!
If the higher-ups know you've done all that, there's no way they'll say no.
But above all else, this work is interesting!
Looks like he finally might submit our work to a serialization meeting.
Before that, we need to do a one-shot for the Golden Future Cup and do one chapter every two weeks.
I'll be okay on the names, but will you be okay on the drawings?
I told you, I'll do it even if it kills me.
You're right.
We've come this far. We've got to do this at any cost!
Ah, Fukuda-san.
Well, this is a surprise.
Fukuda?
So this is the one Saikou met at Eiji's place, Fukuda Shinta.
You just get out of a meeting?
Yes. We just got out of one.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Mashiro's work partner, Takagi.
Oh yeah, I've heard of you.
Nice to meet you.
Are you going to a meeting now, Fukuda-san?
Yeah, I ranked 7th in the main magazine with that last one-shot.
Well, that's not quite good enough, but the characters were interesting,
so Yuujirou-san said to try to rework it with the same characters for the Golden Future Cup.
Jeez, I'm always getting called to talk about something else.
I wanna become a serialized author as soon as I can.
Us too.
We've got to get results in the Golden Future Cup before we can be serialized.
You're already set to be in the Golden Future Cup?
Well, no, but our editor told us our work's at the level where it'll definitely get through.
There are only four or five spots for entries.
Well, I'm sure I'll get one,
but if I don't, that Yuujirou's going to get it.
Hey, I lost in the rankings for NEXT!, but there's no way I will this time, Ashirogi Muto!
There's no way we'll lose, either!
Yeah. If it weren't for that, it'd be no fun.
Let's duke it out fair and square.
And the one that takes the top prize gets one step closer to serialization.
You've got no complaints about that, right?
None!
He's right... first we need to get the top prize in the Golden Future Cup!
No matter what!
It's good.
Then how about we have our meeting for the second chapter?
Yes, sir!
Can you have the name for chapter 3 done by the end of school today?
Yeah! And right after that, you can get to work on making it a manuscript!
Wait up!
Here's the manuscript for chapter 3.
And here's the name for chapter 4.
We've honored our deadline this time too.
You certainly have.
Next time, make sure you bring the one-shot name for the Golden Future Cup.
Yes, sir!
It's not guaranteed that you'll even make it as an entrant.
Take your time and polish it up carefully.
Yes, sir.
Do you think this explanation is too wordy?
Hm...
I'll try to consolidate it a little.
Do you think it would be good to pan up on the protagonist on the last page?
You're right. I'll redraw it.
What about the title?
Tantei TRAP is a little weak, don't you think?
A detective's a detective,
but he catches criminals in traps, so maybe...
pseudo-detective or...
sham detective or something.
Gitantei TRAP?
Gitantei TRAP = Dubious Detective TRAP
It makes you wonder what kind of detective he is.
Let's go with this.
Thank you very much!
Please take one. It would be much appreciated.
Man, that was a long day!
But now the entrants are finally going to be announced!
Kind of exciting, isn't it?
If we don't even get entered into the Golden Future Cup,
then we won't get serialized.
So then, this certainly won't end up as an anime.
And my dream with Azuki...
It'll be all right.
It was amazingly interesting.
The protagonist was cool.
I'm sure it'll be okay.
It's from Hattori-san!
Yes? It's Takagi.
Yes.
We're entered in the Golden Future Cup!
We did it!
We did it! We did it! We did it!
That means our manga is going to run in the Jack main magazine!
This is so moving...
I'm crying my eyes out!
Congratulations!
To celebrate, I'll make you guys some curry today. I'll even buy the ingredients.
Thanks Miyoshi, I love you!
Saikou, you bastard!
You just sneakily slipped that in there!
Saikou-kun, before that,
you'd better email Miho.
Ah, you're right.
Did you get so excited about Miyoshi that you forgot?
I didn't forget and I didn't get excited.
Okay.
Send!
Ashirogi Muto, so you made it as an entry in the Golden Future Cup?
Yes! We're definitely going to win!
Huh? Why'd this guy get entered, too?
Eh?
Next time, Literature and Music.
I won't forgive anyone who gets in the way of my dream!
