Kichijouji, huh?
Hachiouji, where Azuki is living, is still another thirty minutes away by train.
It really is far.
No, he's in his first year of high school and it's summer vacation...
Even Shuujin needs a change of pace.
But is he really doing the name?
Niizuma Eiji...
There must be something I can gain from being here.
Mashiro-kun?
Ah Yes.
AhYes.
I'm Nakai, nice to meet you.
Very nice to meet you.
It's kind of noisy, but come on in.
Okay.
Danger! Danger, watch out!
Niizuma-sensei, Mashiro-kun is here.
Maybe you should give him a quick greeting.
Ah, okay.
My name's Mashiro.
I'll be helping out starting today.
I'm happy to be working with you.
Ah, what's up Mechadoc?
Too old? Mechadocrow. Mechacrow!
What's up Mechadoc?
TL Note: This is a reference to an 80's anime/manga, Yoroshiku Mechadoc.
Sensei is always like that, except when he's eating or sleeping.
And once he goes to sleep, he doesn't wake up for twenty hours.
Okay...
Nakai-san, please quit calling Niizuma-kun sensei.
You're seventeen years older than him, for God's sake.
This is Fukuda-kun, he started yesterday.
He placed twice for Tezuka, winning prizes both times
Fukuda...
He's really skilled. Niizuma-sensei's editor is hoping to serialize him next.
That's him?
I'm sure he ran in NEXT! alongside me.
Very nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
He's writing a name.
We've got a fair amount of extra time here,
so Fukuda-kun is using it to write a name aimed for serialization.
He sure is good.
The kid doesn't need three assistants.
Niizuma-kun even draws the backgrounds himself.
We basically just do fill-in inking, whites, and tone application.
But we're showing up, so we get paid assistant fees plus our commute and food expenses.
The working AC is nice too.
You're better off working on your own stuff too, Mashiro-kun.
Mashiro-kun, what's your prize-winning history?
Um, I haven't won any.
I ran in NEXT! once, but...
Recently?
In May; it was called Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie.
That was you?!
The fifteen year old genius, Ashirogi Muto?!
So Ashirogi's a pen name?
Yes.
Another genius high schooler?
And a fifteen-year-old this time?!
I lost in NEXT!
You ranked third, I was fifth.
I'm really glad an actual rival came.
Being able to draw Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie at fifteen is really something.
But it isn't really a good fit for Jack.
It was too bleak.
There's a limit to how long you can keep something with that depiction appealing.
If it ran in the main magazine, I don't think it'd rank high.
Though I probably just sound like a poor loser.
But you can bet I'll be the poster boy for Jack in the near future.
Especially since in both Tezuka Awards I was in, Niizuka-kun got away with placing one prize above me.
But I'll be getting back at him with my pen... in the main magazine!
So that means the lowest guy on the totem pole here is Nakai-san, huh?
He won the monthly prize just once about ten years ago, that's it.
If you're going to call Niizuma-kun sensei,
then why don't you call the two of us sensei too?
I'm just kidding.
But Nakai-san, you're working as a pro-assistant right?
A pro-assistant?
A full-time assistant.
No, I'm still...
So you're still thinking about serialization?
You're not getting any younger, you know.
And you're not doing anything in your free time, are you?
Even Yuujirou-san told me he isn't hoping for anything out of you beyond being an assistant.
I'll tell you this, I never want to end up like you, Nakai-san.
Do I have to work in a place with this kind of atmosphere?
Ah, I still haven't explained how we work yet.
We pick up the manuscripts Sensei leaves on the ground and finish them with the fill-in inking and the tones.
Then we return them to precisely where they were.
Things to be filled in are marked with an X.
The tone numbers are written in blue.
Got it.
Then take a seat over there.
Just wait until Sensei puts the next manuscript down.
Um, is it all right if I observe near Niizuma-san?
No use doing that.
No use?
He's different from a sensei with a wealth of experience.
Niizuma-kun isn't going to feel like teaching you a thing.
I don't think he's going to teach me something.
I'm watching.
Among the people here, Niizuma-san's drawings are the best.
I really don't get kids these days.
And they sure are cheeky.
So are you.
You damn crow...
I'll show you my true power!
Zukyuun, perspective point!
Did he just decide where the vanishing point for the background should be drawn?
Excuse me, you're slightly in the way.
Perfect!
He said to pick these up, finish them, and then put them back.
Huh? Ashirogi-sensei!
Sensei?
Why're you here?
I'm here as your assistant, Niizuma-san.
Eh? Ashirogi-sensei shouldn't be doing things like that.
I want you to be drawing manga!
Well no matter what I draw, the story isn't done yet.
Even though you made Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie?
Takagi's the one who thinks up the stories.
I'm Mashiro, I do the artwork.
Oh, is that how you do it?
Then Takagi-sensei has some incredible talent.
Yeah. So while Takagi is making the story,
I thought I'd try to learn something from you, Niizuma-san.
From me?
Is there anything you can learn?
Probably... If you show me what you're drawing.
Then please sit down.
This way it'll be easier for you, Ashirogi-sensei.
No, you're the one who's a sensei.
Even so, I'm thrilled we could meet again at a place like this, Ashirogi-sensei.
Make yourself at home.
They sure seem to be getting along well.
I seriously don't get kids these days.
Which would you prefer, melon or chocolate?
Either one's fine.
Then here.
So what do you think of my cell phone novel?
Eh?! You've already written all this!
Amazing! Just what I'd expect from an original manga author!
Yeah, but I can't do my own name...
I wonder if Saikou ended up taking the assistant position...
Don't you think it'd be weird for only Mashiro to be an assistant?
Even though you two are a team...
I don't draw, so I couldn't go with him.
Since the story's not done,
it makes me feel better knowing he's doing something rather than just waiting around.
Saikou's drawings could already pass as professional.
Ah, what you said really was true, Ashirogi-sensei.
Becoming number one isn't that easy.
Eh? Even with that first chapter?
Chapter one's rank was first, but chapter two's rank was fourth.
That was a shock.
Fourth is still amazing. First chapters are usually on the covers and have color pages,
so it's not uncommon for them to take first.
Some people say that getting first with chapter one is a given,
and the real battle starts from chapter two.
Ah, Yuujirou-san said that too.
Bad works suddenly plummet down in the rankings at chapter two.
At fourth, you're within the popular mangas that already have animes.
You shouldn't be shocked to be there at all.
He told me that too, but...
And Niizuma-san, you can draw manuscripts without even doing a name,
so I don't think your rank is going to fall any further.
Usually, once you turn in names for the first three chapters at a serialization meeting,
you have as much time as you want to work on them.
So chapters four and beyond usually get harder,
but you don't need to worry about that, Niizuma-san.
Oh, really?
After hearing that from you, Ashirogi-sensei, I'm brimming with confidence!
I think you'll be able to stay in the higher ranks,
and in a year you could get an anime adaptation and get first place again too!
Ooh, an anime and first place? That's amazing!
No!
At the rate you're going, your rank will go down!
Fukuda-san.
You'll be on the borderline by the tenth week, and in half a year you'll be canceled!
Canceled?
I read copies of chapters three and four,
as well as the fifth there on the floor, and that's what I think!
Really? Now I'm worried!
Please let me see chapters three and four!
What do you think?
I think they're amazing as usual, but...
That quality made me want to read the one-shot and chapter one quickly, all at once.
But after reading chapters three and four, I've gotten used to it.
So I kind of feel like it's getting less interesting.
Yeah... Amazing and interesting are different.
If the readers don't think it's interesting, the popularity will fall.
What should I do?
Maybe make it easier to understand so the readers can enjoy it more.
He's right.
As a pro, you're not self-conscious enough, Niizuma-kun.
If you just want to enjoy drawing for yourself, you'd be better off drawing doujinshi.
But the people who draw in Jack are pros.
You need to put the enjoyment of the readers first.
Also, CROW doesn't have anything that appeals to the readers.
It's nothing more than cool, so people will get bored of it soon.
It's nothing more than cool?!
You went as far as calling him Ashirogi-sensei.
So you thought Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie was interesting, right?
Yes.
That's because it raises the question to readers of whether money and intelligence...
really are all that matter in this world, which makes it interesting.
You're right, I may not have anything like that.
The talent you have for drawing is certainly of a genius level.
But one might say that you're at a stage where only people who have read tons of manga,
like the guys at the editorial department, would be happy and say You're a genius!
You're incredible, Fukuda-san.
You're going beyond the editorial department.
Eh?
Most people aiming to become mangakas can do this kind of critique.
But they can't draw an interesting one themselves.
Well, I can.
I've got it!
There are still two days until the deadline, so I'm going to rewrite everything from chapter five onward!
Please help me make it more interesting!
Huh?
You've got to be kidding!
Why would we help out a rival?
Your advice was extremely incisive, Fukuda-san!
Like I said, why
Say, why was I giving advice in the first place?
But I want to try.
Mashiro-kun...
I want to try to figure out how to make CROW the best it can be!
Fine then, but just for chapter five.
We'll work together and give completely unbiased opinions of it.
You all right with that?
Yes!
I thought you were kind of a jerk, Fukuda-san, but you're really a nice guy.
I'm not a nice guy!
We're going to change Jack!
I just don't want my rival to fall apart here.
Oh, that sounds cool!
We're going to change Jack!
Anyway, let's make CROW get first place!
Yes!
Okay!
What's with these guys...
Is it youth?
No, they have ambition and talent...
So how can I make chapter five more interesting?
It has had the same feeling to it since chapter one, so maybe you should switch things up a bit?
Yeah. Every chapter's all about what CROW does...
More than half of new series end without even making it through the first year.
By the end of the first ten chapters, you can tell if it's going to be a long series.
At this point, the major concern is keeping the reader interested.
Didn't Yuujirou tell you that?
Well no, he didn't.
He told me and I'm not even serialized, but he didn't tell you?
Just act like we're having meetings and you're writing names.
He said that though.
Yuujirou, always just doing whatever works!
Doesn't that mean he has faith in Niizuma-san's talent?
No.
When I said I didn't want to do them,
he was kind of bothered at first, but we just ended up not doing them.
An editor that doesn't have meetings and an author that doesn't draw names?
Are you guys taking manga lightly?
But it's like drawing the same thing twice.
It takes all the tension out of it, it's a pain.
Not having meetings or showing him names?
Then the editor can't judge if the thing's interesting or not!
And you're asking How can I make it more interesting?
You've got to be screwing with me!
I guess you're right...
So how do you think I could make it more interesting, Fukuda-sensei?
Hmph, now you call me sensei?
Ah, I first met you at the Tezuka Award award ceremony, Fukuda-sensei.
That was before your debut in NEXT!, so I've been saying Fukuda-san.
But you've debuted now, so it should be Fukuda-sensei.
Does any of that really matter right now?
Everyone's a sensei after they've had their debut.
Well in that case, the only one here who's not a sensei is Nakai-san.
It's too bad.
Eh? I can't believe he said that, and he's laughing!
Anyway!
You need to stop worrying about having fun yourself and start thinking about the reader's feelings.
Oh, the reader's feelings, huh?
Maybe something more heart-pounding and exciting...
He's right! Make a proper climax in that chapter,
and end it with some cliffhanger that'll make the readers want to keep reading.
Ooh! Exciting, nervous, heart-pounding...
Climax! Cliffhanger! Unpredictability!
I didn't say unpredictability, but...
That'd be something good to have, though!
The answer is cliche.
Not like inking something black, but like something that reappears all the time!
TL Note: In Japanese, these two words are homonyms. Both filling in something without gaps and cliche are called beta.
Like how cliche equals the opposite of unpredictability. Excitement too!
If you end it with the enemies beaten, it's always the same!
I'll change the enemy character, make him stronger, but then make it turn out he's really an ally.
Yeah, I think that sounds good.
It's definitely cliche, but it's the kind of plot development that'll get the reader's blood pumping.
Standby! And the music starts!
Don't just start off with the manuscript!
I don't like names...
We told you, that's no good!
We gave you advice, so we have a right to see if what you come up with is interesting or not!
Okay... I get it.
Gacha-pinch!
Monster!
I'm done. That was fast for nineteen whole pages.
You're telling me.
It's no use...
He did it too fast. I couldn't analyze what his thought process was or how he organized it.
How is it?
Yeah, it's better.
True standby on the music!
With all that advice, he did this much in such a short time...
He may be a genius in a number of ways.
I'll definitely surpass him though.
There's got to be something I can take from that kind of genius.
By the way, you could probably do the whole thing on your own, couldn't you, Mashiro-kun?
From what I saw, you know quite a lot about manga. Believe me, I can tell.
And if two people are doing it, that halves your income. I hear that can be tough.
No, we're doing it together.
My partner is far better at making stories than I am.
Well, I'm heading home.
Niizuma-sensei, it looks like you'll be redoing that whole thing, so I'm taking off for the day.
I'll be here at 3 PM tomorrow.
Ah, okay! I'll be half done by then!
Ashirogi-sensei and Nakai-san won't have anything to do until tomorrow afternoon either.
One more thing.
Leave the backgrounds to us.
In the time it'd take you to do the scenery and the effects,
you'd be way better off spending it thinking about what to do for the story.
Mm... But I'm more of an instinct-type.
I, too, believe that taking more time to think about the subject matter would make your works better.
Plus, you've got Nakai-san, don't you?
Nakai-san's been an assistant for over ten years.
If you're just talking about backgrounds, he can draw even better than Niizuma-kun.
And his technique's not bad either.
Isn't that right, Nakai-san?
Yeah!
I can draw anything or any place from any angle without any reference.
And with effects, fill-in inked flashes or tone flashes,
I'm faster than anyone!
That's not something to be proud of for someone who's trying to get serialized, though.
Whoa, I've got to go home and get to sleep. I've got a part time job too.
Part time job?
Yeah, early mornings at a convenience store.
Being an assistant's not enough to make a living, you know.
But pretty soon, between the two jobs of part-time worker and mangaka, I'll only be one of those.
See ya!
Good job today!
From how he looks, you wouldn't think he's serious.
But he's really sticking to his guns.
Niizuma Eiji, Fukuda Shinta...
It looks like we'll be battling it out together for the top of Jack.
But is it naIve to think that everyone will get serialized?
Mashiro-kun, want to go get something to eat?
Ah... okay.
I'll have the steak set meal, the fried chicken from the side menu, a tuna capaccio and some french fries.
And after that, a banana parfait and a cream soda.
You can order whatever you want too, Mashiro-kun.
Ah... okay.
Niizuma-sensei's a very generous guy.
As long as we give him a receipt, we can eat whatever we want.
Right.
So what about you, Mashiro-kun? Staying over tonight?
Yeah. I'd planned on working all night when I came here, though.
Is that so? You sure are young.
You've got everything ahead of you.
We're back!
So he uses headphones at night.
Only because his editor told him to.
There's a nap room, want to rest for the night?
Nah, I think I'll watch by Niizuma-san's side a little.
I want to be serialized...
II'm sorry.
No, somehow I understand how you feel.
It must be painful to hear.
SSorry.
It would probably be a little easier for me to get serious as a pro-assistant and take pride in that.
But I don't want to throw away my dream of being a mangaka, no matter what.
And yet I just drag myself around everywhere just being an assistant...
Now I'm already thirty-three...
No matter what, don't be an assistant for a long time.
Okay.
Good morning.
Good morning.
Crow, huh? Crow!
Crow! Crow!
He's already done all this?
Black wings!
He didn't put in any backgrounds!
This might be worth doing.
Let's get busy!
Wings, wings, wings, wings!
Okay.
Last three!
Incredible...
Nakai-san can do undersketches for such complex backgrounds freehand,
and then ink it perfectly!
Crow!
Thanks for all the work.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks.
Niizuma-kun, chapter five is... which one?
There are so many I can't tell.
Ah sorry, it's not done yet.
It isn't?
Two days ago over the phone, you said it was already done...
I'm redrawing it.
Eh?
Here's the name for chapter five.
Name?
You wrote a name?
What is this?! This is incredibly interesting!
So it really is interesting?
Yeah, it's great.
Yuujirou-san, I'm sorry for being so cocky up until now.
From now on, I'll do the meetings and draw the names.
What brought this on?
I think that from everyone telling me I was a genius so much, I turned into a goblin.
I see... Well, that way I can be a lot more relaxed about this.
And now becoming the number one author in Jack really isn't just a dream!
It's not just a dream?
For the early report of chapter three, you're third!
Even better than chapter two.
Chapter three was better?
It was different from how we read it.
I don't regret it though.
We made chapter five more interesting and got him to do meetings and names.
Yay! I'm going to be the most popular mangaka!
I was glad that Eiji was drawing names now too.
But I came here for Shuujin's sake.
I've got to bring something back...
It must be a pain drawing a manga with two people.
But together, we can get through things really quickly!
If it were me, I'd always be getting in fights.
I trust my partner!
Next time, Jealousy and Love.
I guess we're going after the same dream.
