eyecatch
Yuujirou-san, I'm sorry for being so cocky up until now.
From now on, I'll do the meetings and draw the names.
What brought this on?
I think that from everyone telling me I was a genius so much, I turned into a goblin.
I see... Well, that way I can be a lot more relaxed about this.
And now becoming the number one author in Jack really isn't just a dream!
It's not just a dream?
For the early report of chapter three, you're third!
Chapter three was better?
It was different from how we read it.
I don't regret it though.
We made chapter five more interesting and got him to do meetings and names.
Yay! I'm going to be the most popular mangaka!
I was glad that Eiji was drawing names now, too.
But I came here for Shuujin's sake.
I've got to bring something back...
Crow!
Crow!
Crow True-Fist!
Crow!
The most popular mangaka, huh?
If I become the number one most popular author in Jack,
please give me the power to end one manga that I hate.
Making Niizuma Eiji number one is my job.
Well, if he becomes number one, we'll deal with that then.
Last two!
Okay, then...
Okay, then I'll be here at 5 PM tomorrow to pick up chapter five.
We can have a meeting after that, okay?
Roger.
You'll have it done by 5 PM, right?
Ah, yes. Sensei only has two pages left.
Okay, I'll leave you guys to it.
Yuujirou-san, there's something I've been meaning to ask you.
What?
Mangas appear in Jack by order of popularity, right?
It isn't entirely in order by popularity,
but if you exclude gag manga,
well, I guess you could say the more popular mangas are farther forward
and the less popular mangas are more towards the back.
Why do they do that?
Why? Even most other magazines do that.
I just think it's unfair.
The print order gives the readers a preconception that some mangas are popular and some aren't.
There must be a lot of kids who feel they have to read the same mangas as everyone else.
I think making the order a rotation would be more fair.
What're you saying, Fukuda-san?
That way, you can be sure the questionnaire results will subtly change.
Appearance order creates a disparity in the manga.
Tell you what...
you can say all the self-righteous things you want once you've been serialized and taken the world by storm!
Please just calm down and listen to me.
I'm only giving you an opinion.
What's more, I'm not happy about how it's just the questionnaire results
that determine which mangas are popular and which get canceled.
The editorial department should decide which mangas are popular and which aren't themselves.
Doing it this way is like saying you have no ability to do it yourselves.
FuFukuda-kun, you'd better make sure not to say things like that at the editorial department.
Well, I think everyone has potential, so I'll hear you out, but...
Then listen up.
If a manga doesn't get flashy from the start, particularly if it doesn't reach a climax in chapter one,
then it ends up on the course to cancellation.
That's because cancellation could already be decided as soon as chapter three.
Therefore, everyone is too scared to draw a manga that starts out subdued and gradually gets more interesting.
That results in every work having somewhat the same flavor as all the others.
If the editorial department had enough confidence in it to start it as a new series,
then don't you think they should at least watch over it until there's a collected volume of it out?
If we gave that sort of leeway to every new series, no more than five new series would start per year.
But I think there are ones like that;
mangas that start out subdued, but get gradually more interesting.
Like where the protagonist starts out completely unskilled but works really hard.
With the current system, you can't get popular by starting out that way.
Yeah, well even in that type of manga,
you need to come up with something to interesting before it gets canceled.
Say, Fukuda-kun, are you drawing one like that now?
Ah,no.
I'm writing a name in which the protagonist wins right from chapter one, but...
Then all you're saying is if you get serialized, you'd like us to be patient with you.
I won't say that looking objectively at how the magazine does things is bad,
but that's the editorial department's job.
You should be concentrating on your own work first and foremost.
So long.
Fukuda-sensei!
You've moved me!
Especially the order rotation!
It's good!
It's fair!
I never would have thought of something like that!
It kind of sounds like everyone's only concerned with doing well in the questionnaires.
That's not good for manga.
If you draw manga only for the sake of questionnaire results, your manga will end.
I know, right?
In Jack, my favorite manga is To Love-Ru.
Eh?! I didn't expect that!
But it does really badly in the questionnaires.
Ah, I know what you're talking about!
Why is that?
It's kinda ecchi,
so most people don't want anyone to know it would be one they choose in their three most interesting.
There are times when...
even I've sent in questionnaires without writing in the numbers for mangas I liked, such as Ichigo 100 .
He's sent in questionnaires...
There are probably even grade schoolers who ask their parents to mail the questionnaires for them.
So it must be hard for them to choose To Love-Ru!
I understand!
Mm, because it's so ecchi.
But To Love-Ru is a man's shounen manga.
Yes, we understand perfectly.
But I think with To Love-Ru, they take that into consideration.
Yeah.
It has center color pages a lot.
And I think the volumes sell well.
Right there!
Where?
If it sells, I want them to pump out more color pages and stuff.
Well, if there are too many ecchi images on the cover, the magazine's image will
Don't be stupid!
Manga being a little ecchi, having panty shots and stuff is part of a boy's romanticism.
And men's dreams!
We'll change Jack. I kind of understand that now.
What you're saying is really interesting, Fukuda-sensei!
It sounds beneficial!
What else?
Of course, the contents of the manga have to change, but...
First, you'd need to give the covers a rotation by series.
That would make it fair.
And the magazine should open with pull-out gravure shots of idols or posters.
No, that's not good!
That's just your personal preference, Fukuda-san!
Like hell it is!
All the other magazines do that, so Jack should too!
Shounen needs idols!
I'm telling you, that's not right!
I think they take pride in the fact that they compete with just manga without any gravure shots!
What?!
Then just throw out that stupid pride!
Um...
Could you argue about this after we've finished the manuscript?
He's coming to get it tomorrow.
Ah, s-sorry. You're right.
Sorry. I got a little caught up in the moment.
Niizuma-kun, how much is left?
Ah, I'm done, but how much time do you think you'll need to finish up?
Those backgrounds really give a good impression! Amazing!
I told you, didn't I?
Nakai-san's technique is extraordinary.
Since coming here, I've probably learned the most from watching Nakai-san.
You don't need to compliment me.
Hurry up and get to the fill-in inking, whiting, and tones, please.
Okay!
It looks like it'll really be all right for me to leave it to you guys from here.
Going to sleep?
If you go to sleep now, you probably won't be up by the time Yuujirou comes.
Well yeah, but...
After he comes to get it, the next thing you were going to do was have a meeting.
Oh, I'll make sure to have it, then.
Before you go to sleep, you should think about what kinds of things you want to say.
Ah, I see. You're right.
Otherwise Yuujirou-san will control the pace of the meeting.
And I'll have just woken up.
Well then, I'll think about it.
Another
ally,
I think I'll
put one in!
What do you think?
I told you I was only helping with the decisions for chapter five.
Then I guess I'll put one in.
My notebook... notebook...
Where did I put that notebook... notebook...
Notebook...
Notebook?
There it is.
They're important notebooks, so I put them in my drawer.
Anyway, it should be a character that can fly.
I'm sure I drew a sparrow manga in my fourth year of elementary school. I can use that.
Niizuma-kun, are those character designs?
I've been drawing manga ever since I started elementary school, so I have plenty I can use.
My house in Aomori was pretty far in the country,
so it took over half an hour to get to someone in my grade's house.
Everyone would play video games and stuff,
but the place to buy them was far away too, and I didn't have any money.
So all I ever did was draw manga.
But that was what I always had the most fun doing.
Well, guys that end up being mangakas...
usually draw stuff in their notebooks starting from when they're little kids.
They get pretty good, so they end up wanting to be mangakas.
I'm the same way.
Crow is a character I made when I was in elementary school.
Elementary school?
Mom, it's starting!
Yes, I'm coming.
You sure are good, Moritaka-kun.
Yeah... I'd always drawn manga up until Uncle died.
Both at home and at school...
I really enjoyed it...
So much that I would lose track of time...
Losing myself in it...
I've loved manga ever since I was a kid,
becoming a mangaka is my dream.
Even Shuujin should have something he would really like to draw.
Niizuma-san, sorry, but would it be okay if I stepped down as your assistant?
You caught on to something, didn't you?
Yes.
I'm glad to hear it. Then go on home.
Hey, you can't just quit now.
At least help us finish chapter five before you go.
We came up with it together, after all.
Fukuda-san...
It's all right. I can take care of Niizuma-kun even if it's by myself.
Leave the rest to me.
Nakai-san...
I don't mind if Fukuda-kun quits later, either.
I would feel bad if you were doing this all alone, so I'll stay here until I get serialized.
I'm definitely gonna get serialized too.
What a mangaka needs is the willpower and stamina to persistently keep drawing.
There's no way I'll give up!
ThThank you very much!
I'll definitely get serialized too!
I want to be in Jack together with all of you!
Then let's hurry and get this done!
Right!
No matter what I do, they all have the same sort of feeling.
Really, trying to display originality isn't mainstream.
Uh-oh, Azuki's anime!
With our experiences every day being lucky,
and each one of us being liked by all.
Our hopes of yesterday...
I wonder if Azuki will appear in this one.
She had four lines last time, but...
Sei Visual, huh?
Ah, sorry.
Bro, you have to get to your job early tomorrow, right?
I have tomorrow off.
Anyway, enjoy your show.
Eh?
There we are, chapter five.
Twenty-eight pages, fully accepted.
Good job, everyone!
Good job.
Now, Yuujirou-san, let's have our meeting.
All right!
Um, I know it's only been a little while, but I'm very grateful to you.
It really has been short.
I was hoping you could stay at least another two weeks.
There are too many assistants anyway.
Niizuma-kun's a fast worker, you know.
He sure is.
It will be fine.
For a while, it was actually just me.
Two people will be plenty.
Something feels kind of different about you, Nakai-san.
Really?
Would you please look at a name I'm drawing next time?
He's changed. His character's changed drastically!
Well, guys that end up being mangakas...
usually draw stuff in their notebooks starting from when they're little kids.
Crow is a character I made when I was in elementary school.
The feelings I had when I first wanted to be a mangaka.
My favorite character from back then!
There is one!
One I think Shuujin would like to write.
Something we can synchronize with!
So what was it you wanted to show me?
Now, now. You'll really enjoy it once you see it.
What does that mean?
My room is on the third floor.
Both of my parents are at work,
and my little brother isn't here because of his clubs.
Aw, man... I don't think I've been in a girl's house since kindergarten.
Her room's actually a lot more feminine than I imagined...
Look.
I've received emails from companies about my cell phone novel.
Heh, that's awesome.
We've looked at your work'Awanai Koi', Miyoshi-sama.
TL Note: Awanai Koi = Love Apart
We hope you will write further continuations,
and based their popularity on our homepage, we would like to distribute them on mobile devices.
Isn't that incredible?
That's because I'm the one who wrote it.
Well, I did use Mashiro and Azuki as models for it, though.
Takagi-sensei, please write a continuation.
Eh? Give me a break...
I've got a manga name to write.
And anyway, if you wanted to show this to me, couldn't you have just forwarded it to me?
I just wanted to surprise you.
I wanted us to be happy about it together.
And...
I wanted to see you...
Then you could have just come to my house.
But your big brother's there!
Just because it's summer vacation right now.
And because he's got today off from his part-time job.
Can't it just be us two?
Sorry, I can help you out a little,
but I definitely can't write the whole thing.
It's just that battle stories are always difficult, and it's been a hard battle.
But what I'm doing is manga!
Okay...
Then, why don't you write out a scenario here?
You can use my computer.
Right?
You don't want to, do you?
No, that's not it, I...
Then please write!
At least until my parents come home...
Okay.
I'm going to need to close your email to write anything.
Go right ahead.
Oh, that's a distribution site.
It has what was sent in to that home site.
They sure take stories for a lot of genres.
Of course they do.
I'm home.
Where's grandpa?
He went to the hot spring with our neighbor Takayama-san.
Oh.
It's only a little again, but I earned some money, so pass this to Grandpa.
Give him that and all we've made so far.
Make sure you do, we've fought hard to get that money!
It's here!
And so many...
Man, these suck.
I can't use this.
I thought they were a little better than this.
Ah, this.
Competing to be number one in the world using suspiciousness.
I'm certain, in here...
No, not this.
I like the cheater detective in this, so I drew him again in another notebook.
Here it is!
TL Note: Sagishi Tantei Hikake = Con Man Detective Hikake
The con man who would catch criminals there was no evidence against by making some up.
Shuujin mostly had manga at his house, but there were mystery novels too.
We were fixated on battle manga, but...
a detective manga is the mainstream of mainstreams in shounen magazines.
If it's Shuujin, he can do this!
No, this is what he'd be best at!
Oh, Saikou.
Mashiro?
Let me talk to him.
I want to get him up to date with how my dream's going.
I'll just tell him.
Miyoshi?
Yeah. Miyoshi received a response from a company, asking her to write more of her cell phone novel.
It's really amazing, and it's all thanks to you and Azuki.
Did you see yesterday's Sei Visual?
Uh, no. Azuki told me she wasn't going to be in it.
I did manage to record it, though.
Since Azuki appeared, she's been a big subject on the Internet.
It could be just a matter of time until she really gets popular.
Where are you right now?
Uh, Miyoshi's house.
And the name?
Yeah, I'm doing it.
Ah, Takagi, that's a good line!
Shuujin, I don't want to say it at a time like this...
Eh, what?
Why are you with Miyoshi?
Why? Because I like her, obviously.
But if you're neglecting the name because of that, it's not good!
What do you mean neglecting?
I've been going all-out, working on it every day.
With Miyoshi and at her house?
Yeah, that's right.
Isn't it natural to want to be with someone you like?
I told you, you and Azuki aren't normal.
You might be right. Sorry.
But it's already August.
I know.
You're really going to finish it before the end of summer vacation, right?
Yeah. I'll contact you when I'm done.
Just wait a little longer.
Got it. See ya.
Bye.
Even I... Even I...
want to be with Azuki!
Maybe she's busy.
He did say she's getting popular.
Azuki...
are we slowly drifting apart?
Like Shuujin and I are while he's with Miyoshi...
Azuki...
Where are you going?
The workplace!
I've decided.
If Shuujin hasn't finished a name by the end of summer vacation,
I'll draw a manga alone!
For Azuki's sake, too!
Hey, Hattori?
What is it, Hattori-san?
What's with that? Just call me Yuujirou.
But your name's Hattori, isn't it?
Next time, Together and Alone.
Double Hattoris are the bridge to your dreams!
