OP
Eyecatch
Insert Song
End of Insert song
ED
I've said it plenty of times already, but it's not a good idea to be serialized while you're still going to school.
Niizuma-san is doing it, isn't he?
And by himself!
All right, but I have two conditions.
Conditions?
Firstly, for the next Golden Future Cup, submit this as a one-shot and get good results.
Golden Future Cup?
That's in the summer, isn't it?
And I have something for you to do until then.
At the pace of one every two weeks...
write and bring in mangas 19 pages long each.
Even without having serialization decided?
That's right.
Do you guys normally go this far?
We don't.
But I want to go that far.
If you can't do that much, you can't draw a series while going to high school.
It's unfortunate, but I think you two are different from Niizuma-kun.
And the way detective stories are made is completely different from how battle stories are made.
But even if what you write doesn't get serialized, your efforts definitely haven't been in vain.
Thank you very much.
We'll do it!
I'm sure we can!
And then we'll definitely grab serialization!
I lost in the rankings for NEXT!, but there's no way I'll lose this time, Ashirogi Muto!
The curry's finished!
Oh, thank you.
It's making me hungry.
Thanks for the meal!
Eh? It's cold!
It's hiya-atsu curry!
TL note:Hiya-atsu (cold-hot) is a cooking style with cold ingredients in a hot broth.
It's just regular cold curry, isn't it?
But I put in all the soup stock and the curry powder.
Then added plenty of meat and onions.
It was a lot of work.
You want some curry, Mashiro?
Are you not eating?
Ah, I'll have some.
Miho told me she landed another role.
Oh, glad to hear it. She's doing pretty well.
I got a message about it too.
Mashiro, at least during meals, could you...
The deadline's tomorrow.
We have to finish today.
But we have midterms too, and there haven't been any holidays either.
Can't you at least get a one-day extension?
Deadlines are absolute.
I guess you can't be carefree even after you've been decided as an entrant.
Are you choking?!
No, it's just that when I think of running in Jack,
it makes me feel pressured, like we need to be popular and get the top spot in the Golden Future Cup.
Manga really is a competition to be the most popular, isn't it?
How many are there besides you?
I forgot to ask.
Maybe I'll call Hattori-san now and ask.
It's fine, we'll just ask him tomorrow in person.
Do you think you'll get the manuscript done in time?
If I don't sleep.
If you don't sleep?!
But didn't you go without sleep yesterday too?!
You too, Takagi.
Being a mangaka means drawing works that cut down on your lifespan.
I thought we might not make it.
Good job.
Ah, oh man!
Huh? Just this afternoon you said you hadn't even heard of KOOGY.
Ah, well, I think he's kind of cool after all.
I'm going to see him live today.
Seriously?!
Have you thought up the next story?
For the most part.
I'll finish it by the end of the school day.
Hey, are you all right?
Somehow...
We've got three months until the results for the Golden Future Cup come out.
Until then, we have to do one work consisting of 19 pages every two weeks.
So we've got six in total left to do...
We have to do at least this much,
otherwise we won't be able to be serialized while going to high school.
I know.
We've finally made it this far.
We have to...
Huh?
Nakai-san?
That really good assistant you were talking about?
Yeah.
The one who was crying about how he wanted to get serialized?
Looks like spring has sprung for him.
No, it's probably a meeting or something.
There's no way there's an editor that young and cute.
Yeah. Now that you mention it, she kinda looks like Iwase.
No, I didn't mean it like that.
Oh, if it isn't Mashiro-kun!
It's been a while.
Are you having a meeting for the Golden Future Cup?
This is bad, we've been spotted.
Why is it bad?
It just is.
Yeah, we've got one at Yuueisha at 6.
Wanna have a little chat together?
Or because we're rivals in the Golden Future Cup, do you not want to?
Eh? You're in it too?
Let me introduce you.
This is the person who took the runner-up spot for last year's Story King, Aoki Kou-san.
For the longest time she didn't have an artist to draw her story, but I've since stepped up.
And we got entered in the Golden Future Cup.
I happen to be looking for someone to do the artwork for the second place winner of the Story King for the name category.
I see.
The person from back then, huh?
This is the person whom I taught a few things to while he was an assistant on CROW for a time, Mashiro-kun.
You were a big help, Nakai-san! I learned a lot from you.
It was nothing...
So, you're the one teamed up with Mashiro-kun...
Takagi, it's nice to meet you.
And your two-man team is called Ashirogi Muto, right?
So you are Ashirogi-san?
Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie?
I did not think it was very good.
She said that right to our faces?
I did not think it was the right kind of story for a shounen magazine.
It was too bleak.
Excuse me, but what kind of story are you doing, Aoki-san?
Don't get angry...
To classify it simply, it is a fantasy.
I was working with Magnolia, a shoujo magazine, but...
TL note: Magnolia is a parody of Margaret, Shuueisha's bi-weekly shoujo (young-girl demographic) magazine.
they said I would be better off doing this kind of fantasy story in a shounen magazine.
I can't tell you any of the details yet,
but it's a really great escapist fantasy.
I was introduced to Jack in order to have my name made into a completed work.
Because the drawings were not the right style for a shounen manga.
But she can draw really cute female characters.
Aoki-san is just going to draw the under-sketches for the girls' faces, and I'll be doing the rest.
I'm betting my life as a mangaka on this work with Aoki-san!
If I fail here, I'll live my whole life as an assistant or go home to the countryside!
Life as a mangaka? He hasn't even debuted yet, has he?
Still, I can't believe I'm up against Fukuda-kun and Ashirogi-kun like this.
Ah, so Fukuda-san got in too?
Yeah, there's no way I'll lose to him.
Although, unfortunately, the editorial department has the highest expectations for him.
They really think he'll win?
Have you heard about the order they're running them in the main magazine?
The order they're running in?
We haven't even heard who the entrants are, let alone their order.
There are four works entered in total.
Combined issue 37-38 is Fukuda-kun's Kiyoshi Knight.
Issue 39 is you two's Gitantei TRAP.
Issue 40 is our hideout door.
Issue 41 is Makino Kouji's Colorfusical.
The work they have the highest hopes for runs first.
Does the order they're run in really matter?
Well, it makes sense that it would, doesn't it?
It is called the Golden Future Cup.
They want to get the reader's attention with their top batter first.
Recently, the works Nurarihyon no Mago and Beelzebub ran first in them and got good results.
Well, even though I think running first may give it that extra something, beyond that I don't think it matters.
It's a question of whether we can beat Fukuda-kun.
He doesn't even consider us a threat.
But I read Fukuda-san's one-shot.
I don't think I've read anything in Jack as defiant and exciting as that in a long time.
It got 7th place in the questionnaire rankings, but that was good enough to get submitted to a serialization meeting.
And he's powered that up for this, so of course they'll be expecting the most from it.
I did not like that work either.
It seemed like he was trying to portray modern city youths,
but in a shounen magazine, they don't even want you to use words like drugs.
If he really must draw like that, then he is better off doing so in a seinen magazine.
Yeah, I think so too.
I much prefer your escapist work, Aoki-san.
Colorfusical, that took second prize in the last Tezuka Award and was run in the magazine, right?
Yeah, it did.
Makaino Kouji...
Wasn't that...
the one about the guy who was changing the world by
changing the colors of things with his eyes and changing people's hearts with his singing voice?
It didn't really hit home with me, but it did well in the questionnaires.
I thought that the artwork was original, but it felt more like it should be in a picture book or a musical rather than a manga.
It was too surreal, which made it not so good.
I liked it.
It was artistic. You could feel the hopes and dreams in it.
Yeah, yeah.
You're right, manga has to make you feel hopes and dreams, doesn't it?
Like our work does.
Aw man, it's already past 6!
Well, we'll be taking our leave now.
Hello?
Yes, sorry, we'll be right there.
Yeah, let's both give it our all okay?
Right.
Go easy on us.
See you later.
As an original author, I really don't wanna lose to that Aoki.
And I'm letting Nakai-san pay for our coffee.
But those two seem kinda hard to beat.
Yeah, they're definitely worthy opponents.
The Story King runner-up king's story combined with Nakai-san's drawing talent,
backgrounds and finishing touches...
That's not what I meant. Nakai-san has a crush on Aoki-san, doesn't he?
Yeah, he does.
He sure does, he was agreeing with everything she said.
It got me worried.
It's not something for us to butt into.
Aoki-san's doing the story, so there's nothing wrong with her taking the lead.
I guess.
We've got our own work to worry about anyhow.
Good, you certainly got it done within two weeks this time too.
Both the artwork and story are OK.
Then next, we'll have the meeting for the next 19 pages.
I've got the general idea written out.
No.
Starting now, we're having meetings aimed towards serialization.
By that...
Do you mean...
Mhm! Now that you've been entered in for the Golden Future Cup, let's get ready for serialization.
Does that mean we don't need to write a chapter once every two weeks anymore?
I can see how serious you are already.
Starting from here, we should concentrate wholeheartedly on getting serialized.
That's okay, right?
Yeah.
Thank you very much!
We'd love to!
Aw, uh-oh.
The second I thought that I didn't have to draw anymore, my body suddenly lost all its strength.
You guys sure have been working hard.
It must've been tough.
Even though he finally acknowledged that we can do this, I can't collapse right now...
Well, if we couldn't do this much, we knew we couldn't get serialized.
So if we get first in the Golden Future Cup, then you'll send in our work to get passed around for the serialization meeting?
Yes. I'd really like for you to get first, but you don't have to do that good.
For the issues in which the Golden Future Cup entries run, the questionnaire cards are different from normal.
They have an item that asks whether you endorse or do not endorse the relevant manga.
Yes, we know.
We look at that endorsement percentage as well as the rank it gets as a manga.
In order to be impartial, right?
Right. The entries don't all appear in the same issue, so it's possible they could get the same ranking.
Plus, they can also be affected by the quality of the running serialized works.
That's why we have the endorsement percentage.
Speaking of which, in scenarios where one work has a high endorsement percentage but a low ranking...
and clashes with a work that has a low endorsement percentage but a high ranking,
the editorial department has to choose which to place the crown of number one on and have a big announcement for.
Um...
About the endorsement percentages,
the work that's run first has an advantage, doesn't it?
From the second one onward,
they compare them to what was run previously in order to decide whether to endorse them or not.
I hadn't thought it through that far, but you may be right.
The fact that something like that comes into your head so quickly
really shows that you have great talent as an original author.
You can definitely get popular with a detective story!
Is he trying to fool us?
Anyway, it's not like you have to get first or you won't be good enough.
There are lots of series like Muhyo to Rouji no Mahouritsu Soudan Jimusho that didn't get first but still got serialized.
I've only read them at the name stages at this point
but honestly, the entries this time are so good it'll be hard to choose which are better.
Though, to be blunt,
you could see appearing in the Golden Future Cup as if each entry runs as a separate one-shot.
If you get good results and make a well put-together name, you have a chance at getting serialized.
However, we really should hope you get first place.
Everyone's worked really hard, but I don't think any of them have been preparing for serialization like you have.
And personally, I really don't want to lose to a work like Colorfusical.
Colorfusical?
I liked it.
Why is that?
Ah, no, forget I said that.
Is he that strong a foe?
Sorry, it really was just a personal thought.
We'll take first.
We're gonna take first and get serialized soon.
I want to catch up to Niizuma Eiji!
Niizuma-kun, huh?
He really did turn out to be a genius.
CROW is popular and usually in the upper ranks.
And the three volumes of his manga have already sold over two million in total...
Not even the editorial department thought he would do this well.
They're even doing additional printings to meet demand.
Two million...
An author gets 42 yen in royalties for one volume.
2,000,000 x 42...
Incredible!
Cut it out...
It seems he's even gotten an offer for an anime.
An anime, huh?
Azuki's always working hard and getting roles too...
Okay, I've got it.
Let's get first place!
I'm sorry for saying something passive like It's okay even if you don't get first.
I want to catch up with Niizuma-kun too.
No, I want to surpass him!
The first time you guys brought something into the editorial department...
I caused a big stir in front of a captain.
Hey, how did it go?
With the middle school pair?
No good, at least not yet.
I guess not everyone can be Niizuma Eiji.
But...
I think that in three years, they'll surpass Niizuma Eiji.
Even now, I don't think I was wrong.
Hattori-san...
Three years... it may already be too late to make that...
But someday we'll surpass him!
Okay, let's do it no matter what it takes!
I knew I could depend on you guys.
Now, keep that spirit up and get working on the manuscript for the Golden Future Cup!
And as soon as that's done, let's polish up your serialization names!
Yes, sir!
After today, I was thankful from the bottom of my heart that we have Hattori-san as an editor.
Don't you agree, Saikou?
The one who the editorial department has the highest hopes for is Fukuda-san.
And the Nakai-san Aoki-san team's drawing ability is nothing to sneeze at either.
And then there's Makaino Kouji with his original world.
We've got no shortage of strong opponents!
DON'T BE AFRAID
Come here, if you leave my side
you'll be devoured.
SHALL WE DANCE?
SHALL WE DAN CE?
in Hell.
If it feels like we're in paradise, your eyes open.
Hey,
ne e
If you don't like it, if you want out
YOU...
YOU
still cannot leave.
DEEP INTO
DEEP IN TO
THE MIXTURE OF CHAOS
That extacy is
DEEP INTO it, and the SOUND is circling.
It's melting apart.
As you all know, I've been successful in various different fields.
Acting, writing, fashion designing...
I want to represent my world even outside of music.
And that feeling is unending.
The flame continues to burn right in here
in an unending flood.
So much so that even now, I have no hope of stopping it.
Today, there's something I want to tell you all.
Are you listening?
That was a great concert.
I'm proud to be your producer, KOOGY.
Hyde?
I'll be waiting for you here.
I'll definitely come back successful.
Um...
Who're you?
My name is Uchida.
I'm an editor at Yuueisha.
Hello?
Did you see today's paper?!
N-No, not yet.
Well go take a look at it!
Or just look on the TV!
Geez, if you're trying to be a mangaka you at least need to look over the paper first thing in the morning.
Ah, sorry.
First thing in the morning?
He woke me up with this phone call.
Today, there's something I want to tell you all.
Are you listening?
With this last concert, I'm taking a break from music.
And I, no, Makaino Kouji is...
going to be a mangaka!
Makaino Kouji?!
Yeah.
Colorfusical's author was the singer KOOGY.
He's playing dirty!
He's trying to get his fans to send in questionnaires.
I'm so angry that I'm thinking about going to the editorial department to protest against it.
I hope you'll all support me!
Nakai-san's going too.
But I wouldn't mind even going alone.
Ask Ashirogi-kun, too!
Nakai-san told me you were entered in the Golden Future Cup too.
So I thought I'd let you know.
Wanna come with us?
We have school.
What time can you come to Yuueisha?
If you're coming, we'll wait for you.
Let me just talk it over with Takagi-kun.
Got it.
I'll wait till this afternoon for your call.
Okay.
Just like Fukuda-san said, making an announcement at a time like this is unfair.
Yeah, he'll definitely get questionnaires from his fans.
The work that comes in first in the Golden Future Cup gets closest to becoming serialized.
Even we want to be number one!
Let's go.
Yeah!
I wish you would've waited until after you were serialized before making an official announcement.
If I'm gonna do it, now is the only time.
This way all my fans will send in those questionnaires and give me votes.
It's not something that simple...
I can draw artwork this good.
Manga sure is nice.
By being successful in many different fields, I'll become a person of real charisma!
Guess the gang's all here.
We can't let KOOGY's actions go by!
There's no way I could tolerate an announcement like that!
Let's make the editorial department open their eyes.
Fukuda Group, let's go!
You're raiding the editorial department?
Action!
As a male worker, I'm going to protest against this!
There must be a better way to do this.
You're so right, Aoki-san!
Next time, Unity and Breakdown.
I will be pursuing my own dream.
