I'll leave the solids to you.
All right!
Azuki's moving tomorrow, isn't she?
We have three days to bring in the finished manuscript.
We must use all the time we have to make it even a little better.
All right, I'll do my best on it.
I'll wait.
I'll wait forever.
Are you going to get that?
Ignore it.
It's probably someone selling newspapers or something.
Mashiro! Takagi!
You're there, aren't you?!
It's Miyoshi.
Ignore it.
There's no way I can do that.
When she finds out later that I was here, she'll beat the crap out of me.
Where's Mashiro?
He's drawing.
We've got our deadline in three days, so don't bother him.
Hey!
Sorry for the intrusion.
Miyoshi!
Mashiro... kun.
Mashiro... kun.
What?
Why didn't you tell Miho your email address?
Eh?
Ah, you're right.
I know hers, but she still doesn't know mine.
Unless you email her at least once, she won't know, will she?
So even though you met with her after graduation, you didn't tell her?
I wasn't thinking about stuff like email addresses then.
We both only said one sentence to each other.
One sentence?
What?
I'm not telling you.
Well fine, but you need to tell her your email.
She can't even email you to say she's moving.
I know that because you told me, Miyoshi.
I didn't tell her I told you.
Anyway, send an email her at least once.
It doesn't matter what it's about.
I don't want the first email I send her to be random like that.
I do think it would be better to do it sooner, but I need to finish the manuscript.
So I can't email her now.
Okay.
Then go ahead and say that I told you she's moving.
Then I'm sure she'll send you a very nice email in reply.
All right, work hard, you two!
Miyoshi sure is a good person deep down.
I know, right?
Okay, we must get this done by the deadline!
I guess the younger they are, the faster they progress.
No, that's not the only reason for this.
It's like they put their souls into this.
What do you think?
I can really feel your desire to win against Niizuma-kun in it.
This is an amazing manuscript. You did really well.
Yes, thank you very much!
We're finally done... Now I can email Azuki.
Want to go get something good to eat?
Ah, no. I'll be okay for today.
I pulled two all-nighters, you see.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I see. You two do look tired.
Okay, then all there's left is to think of the comment to put in on the last page.
We worked really hard to draw this, and we would be delighted to hear your impressions is fine, right?
Okay, let's go with that.
All right, then.
Ah, do you two have bank accounts?
No, I don't.
Me neither.
Your payment for the manuscript is given via a bank deposit, so make one by June.
Um... I hate to ask, but how much is our manuscript payment?
I knew he'd ask.
Newcomers all get 9000 yen a page.
He's definitely calculating that right now.
Now all that's left is the questionnaire results.
Hattori-san assessment was good, too.
Seems like we can win.
Are you okay?
Oh, see you later.
See you later ?
This is Mashiro. Good evening.
Maybe Good evening, this is Mashiro would be better.
The greeting should be first.
No, I don't need this sort of thing.
I should apologize for writing those weird things to her in class that made her cry.
Oh, and also for not sending her chocolate on White Day.
TL note: White Day takes place on March 14th when boys send chocolate to girls.
Also, sorry for not saying much on our graduation day.
It's kind of all just apologies...
OOkay... Now to tell her about us running in NEXT! and the day it goes on sale...
Huh? I can't type anymore?
Why?
Character limit?!
True, 5000 characters...
No way, I've already typed that much?!
AAnyway, I have to read over what I've written so far.
I've looked over it again and again...
It's already 9AM... Well, whatever.
GO!
Okay, guess I'll go to sleep.
An email?
Azuki?! So fast!
So short!
I'm really happy she replied, but...
compared to my 5000-character long one...
Okay, I'll just send one in a sort of joking way...
Azuki-san, isn't your email a little short?
We can finally email each other, so shouldn't we talk to each other more?
Okay. Send.
Time for bed.
Another fast one?!
Meh?
That's so cute... She had this kind of side?
And it's still so short.
But Azuki's right.
Hello?
Hey, Shuujin...
in case we get first place in the questionnaires,
start thinking about making a serialization name for Kane to Chie.
We don't have time to play around.
Do it!
Understand?!
What's with that authoritative tone?
Hey, Hattori!
Yes?
This Takagi-Mashiro team has gotten way better from the name stage.
Yeah, I really thought so.
This thing's really interesting.
Oh, thank you.
Even the ever-scathing Aida-san...
Vice Editor-in-Chiefs Yahagi-san and Heishi-san both gave good assessments.
This really could beat Niizuma-kun.
That will never become wide-reaching popular.
There's no way Niizuma Eiji will lose.
Takagi, Mashiro!
You two are in the same class!
Miyoshi, you showed up?
Of course I did!
You're in class 1 with Suzuki and Saitou from Ake-middle.
Why am I the only one in class 3?
It's true.
Saikou, do you think we should have a penname?
It would be a pain if this gets out in school.
Like what happened with Ishizawa.
I guess so.
I'm fine with it if you are, but will we make it in time for NEXT!?
I'll email Hattori-san and ask.
He said if we do it today, we can make it in time.
Then could you think of one during the entrance ceremony?
Me too, me too!
That's okay. We don't need you to think about it, too.
Don't hit me, okay?
I wasn't going to!
I think it would be best to make it a blend of our names.
Maki Morito or something...
Well, I guess then no one would figure it out.
How's this?
Ashiro Muto.
So Miho and Mashiro's dream comes true.
TL note: The name is made up of the kanjis of: A from Azuki, shiro from Mashiro, mu meaning dream and to meaning come true.
Miho would love this, don't you think?
Why am I not in it?!
I'm not in it either.
You don't have anything to do with it, I'm an author!
Okay, then...
TL note: Now, added, is the kanji for gi from Takagi.
Ashirogi Muto.
What do you think, Mashrio?
Well, it's kind of cliche, and sort of embarrassing.
Huh? How?
Well, uhh, I don't really care, so...
Then it's decided.
Sounds good. I'll contact Hattori-san.
Sure.
This is good.
This really might make Azuki happy.
Okay, send!
That was fast!
Let's make our dream come true, just like your pen name says.
I'm so glad.
Just like I thought, Azuki also...
But...
It's really short again!
This is a sample issue I just got.
Thank you so much!
Ours is...
There!
Awesome!
It's a real manga now!
It's totally moving!
Yeah!
Niizuma Eiji's CROW.
It really is good.
Its sense of speed and intensity makes you want to read it all at once.
I read ours countless times since it had become a name...
so I don't know if it's interesting or not anymore.
No, ours is more interesting.
You're really confident, aren't you?
Ah, sorry.
It's just my personal opinion,
but I felt like ours was a more interesting read.
Yeah.
I think you'll win, too.
The story Takagi-kun wrote matches perfectly with the drawings Mashiro-kun drew.
They draw out each other's good points.
That's my number one reason for thinking you can do it.
Thank you very much.
But, Niizuma-san's story and drawing go well together too, don't they?
Certainly...
both Niizuma-kun's artwork and story are far from a newcomer's.
Especially the artwork.
But this can't be helped.
He's already been drawing for ten years.
But Niizuma-kun will split votes with the other battle manga.
Ours doesn't have any works that overlap it.
So then...
You're saying that if we went one-on-one with him, we would lose?
A magazine will always have lots of works running in it,
so I don't think this is a bad way to operate.
More than anything...
the most important factor for success in Jack is the questionnaire results.
Questionnaires...
Jack's manga are ranked every week according to these questionnaire postcards.
It's a serious battle.
Just like boxers standing in the ring every week.
These questionnaires have me swinging back and forth between happiness and worry.
I've taken every place from second to twentieth, but...
I've never once been first.
I would really like to get first, even if it's just once.
That's a dream I've had ever since I got serialized.
When do the questionnaire results come out?
There are two; the early report and the real deal.
The early report is a hand-counted total of a hundred cards that came early.
For the main magazine, they comes out on Tuesdays, the day after it goes on sale.
The real deal comes out of a lot more that arrive...
by putting a thousand randomly selected cards in a computer.
It gives us in detail which got the number one most interesting votes,
which got second most and third most votes,
what averages ages for whom sent them in,
and the ranking and gender ratio for each age.
That comes out on Friday for the main magazine,
but for NEXT! it's around two weeks after it goes on sale.
The early report and the real deal...
So it happens twice.
To be precise, we take them one more time,
but we only tell the authors up to the real deal.
So... would you like me to tell you the early report, too?
The real deal counts for everything, though.
If the real deal is everything,
then hearing the early report doesn't have much of a meaning, does it?
We have the early report so authors can get their readers impressions in a chart...
and find out what they want for what comes next in their story.
There are some that don't want to hear the real deal or the early report.
They say, Only tell me when I'm in first.
So even if we don't hear the early report...
No, I'm a little curious about both of them.
Please tell us.
Got it.
I'm pretty sure we can do it, but...
Just as I said before,
we don't know for certain what will be popular, beforehand.
So you should be prepared for any kind of results.
Right.
Well, there's still quite a while before the results come out.
The best thing you can do is think about your next work.
Alright.
Well then, I'll contact you when we get the early report.
Questionnaires, huh?
It's really put a damper on my excitement of running in NEXT!.
Well, I think we can win, so
Shuujin.
We can be serialized while we're going to high school.
I can finish the names, but what about you?
If it means getting serialized, I'll do if even if it kills me.
Even if we get first, I don't think Hattori-san will try to serialize Kane to Chie.
Now that you mention it, he did say next work.
It's normal to get serialized after getting first in NEXT!.
Even more so if it's a first pushing down Eiji who's already basically been chosen for serialization.
But Hattori-san won't leave the idea of us only getting serialized once we're out of high school.
However, if we take first place...
and make a name for serialization that Hattori-san approves of...
Certainly.
In that case, he would consider it.
And if he's still reluctant, we can talk it out with people above him.
Saikou...
Our goal is to have an anime adaptation by eighteen.
We have to do that much.
It would be all right to have chapter one overlap with what runs in NEXT!, right?
Let's head back and get started on it right away.
Right!
In the end this world is money! Smart people win using the power of money!
Man, that's so cruel to end it with that line!
This is good.
That finishes off chapter one's fifty-one pages.
Oh, it's an email from Azuki!
Don't look.
Azuki...
She really makes sure to send an email whenever something happens.
So today was the day NEXT! goes on sale?
Oh, that's right!
We sure are incredible.
We got so wrapped up in our name that we forgot about the release date.
Azuki said it stood out in NEXT!.
That's our Azuki-san. She has a good eye!
I'm going to reply with Thank you.
Alright, let's get going on chapter two!
Whoa...
He's actually swimming in all the money.
Isn't this going a little too far?
It's okay. In chapter three all that money gets taken from him.
Hattori-san?
Is this the early report?!
Yes? This is Takagi.
Yes.
For the early report, we're first!
YES!
But don't get relaxed.
You two have thirty-three votes.
Niizuma-kun has thirty-one votes.
A difference of two votes?
There's a possibility he'll overtake you.
Below that is twenty-six... nineteen...
That Hattori guy...
If Eiji loses, it will put a damper on our serialization.
No, there's no way Niizuma Eiji will lose.
The real deal will definitely be in our favor!
Hey... if this keeps up and you get first, is Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie going to head for serialization?
Now that you mention it...
If we get first place in NEXT!...
Please think about us moving toward serialization.
No, they have still only entered high school.
But the authors probably really want to, don't they?
They sure do...
Then, we're done.
So should we call Hattori-san?
Tell him we finished a new name.
Don't tell him they're serialization names for Kane to Chie yet.
Got it.
You want to surprise Hattori-san, right?
Sorry for the wait.
Hello.
Thanks for coming.
First, I just got the results for the real deal.
Your rank for the real deal is...
Third place.
Third?
It's unfortunate you didn't get first, but
third place for your first appearance in print is quite good.
First place is Niizuma Eiji-kun with 503 votes...
Below that was 312 votes.
You two had 308 votes.
In other words, you got proportionately the same as in the early report, but Niizuma-kun and the others increased.
We lost...
to Niizuma Eiji...
No... even more than Eiji...
Niizuma-kun, you got first place in the questionnaires.
Congratulations.
What are questionnaires?
When you ran your work for the Tezuka Award, I told you that you placed second, didn't I?!
Ah, I probably just said Okay because I didn't understand.
I think I can make the character designs for serialization even better.
I can probably go with this protagonist.
This is fine.
This boy doesn't need to know about the questionnaires and stuff.
You brought a name for a new work with you, didn't you?
This is no good!
No good?
While you were talking to us, I came up with a lot of ideas.
I think we should redraw this now.
And to be honest...
from the shock of falling from first to third,
I'm not really in the mood to talk about this...
But I told you over and over, third is incredible.
If you get disheartened at something simple like that
you won't be able to make it as a mangaka.
Having said that, the early report was good.
I understand how you feel.
How about we end it here for today?
Sorry...
Shuujin... I want to try for something mainstream.
To be popular in Jack... I think you have to be mainstream, after all.
But we were told there's no point in us trying something mainstream.
I think we should just do what we've been doing...
That was the plan to win against Eiji in NEXT!.
But we didn't win.
Eiji got 503 votes out of 1000.
More than half the voters thought it was interesting.
A manga that two out of ten people will definitely think is interesting...
That's not good enough?
If we throw out half the votes from the outset, there's no way we can win!
I was thinking about it when I saw Eiji's work, but...
even for mainstream, it wasn't just the artwork that was good.
You could sort of see the author through the work.
It gave off a strong sense of uniqueness.
Yeah, I thought so, too.
A kind of How does he do this? feeling.
Shuujin, you're great at making settings,
so if you make a simpler setting than what we've had so far
and use mainstream characters, I think we can do this.
In other words, it must be mainstream!
Saikou...
There are a bunch of people who do mainstream,
so being number one is hard.
In other words, doing cult is just running away!
What we're aiming for is number one in Japan!
Cult stories can't be number one.
Let's start again from scratch!
Right!
What are you doing, throwing scraps of paper all over the place?!
Uh-oh!
Hey, hurry, we have to pick it up!
Y Yeah!
YYeah!
Oh, so this is where Jack is made?
That's Niizuma Eiji!
Could you be Ashirogi Muto?!
You know who we are?
Next time, Battle and Copying
When you embrace your dreams, rivals appear.
