Oota.
Here!
Kawasaki.
Here!
Kimura.
Here!
Suzuki.
Here!
Sobukawa.
Here.
Takagi.
Here!
Takana.
Here!
Kobe.
Here!
Here, more plans.
'Kay.
It might be kind of a mixed bag, but this is what I chose for now.
What the heck is this?
It's terrible, but it's interesting!
People being able to change their bodies with their thoughts?
Horrible, isn't it?
Well, I'm aware it's not something suited for Jack.
There you are, Takagi!
Hey, Miyoshi!
Sorry for making you leave the other day.
Here. It's today, after school.
To celebrate you coming back to school.
Can't go.
Today we have a meeting for reviewing our work for the Tezuka Award at Yuueisha that we need to go to.
Then tomorrow?
I can't.
Based on how the review meeting goes,
we'll be starting on our next work right away.
Takagi... You're going out with me, aren't you?
Don't you remember...
I have a dream of becoming a mangaka.
Love takes second place to that!
Even if we are going out,
I won't have time for dates or anything!
That's fine.
I'll support you.
Didn't you say that?
But... can't we, just for a little bit?
Don't you understand, Miyoshi?
I have a dream of becoming a mangaka,
and I don't want to trouble Saikou.
I don't have time for dates
But you'll take a break once in a while, right?
Not right now.
Just for a teeny little bit?
Not even for a teeny little bit.
Not even for a teensy weensy little bit?
Not even for a teensy weensy little bit!
Sorry for the wait.
Good afternoon!
Thanks for working with us.
I forgot the screening comments.
Sorry, but could you come up with me?
Up?
You mean to the editorial department?
Yes.
You can get in as long as you have one of those.
Um...
Is it really all right for people like us to go in?
It's fine.
We even have grade schoolers and middle schoolers come in for field trips.
The Jack editorial department...
I'm so excited!
You two, over here.
Ah, right.
First-timers are always surprised when they get off the elevator.
Well, here's the editorial department.
Hello, Shounen Jack editorial department.
When will the manuscript be up?
This is... the Jack editorial department!
It's kind of moving, isn't it?
Sorry for taking so long.
Okay, how about that table in the front?
Alright!
The ones who judged them were Inagaki-sensei, Oda-sensei,
Toriyama-sensei, Kishimoto-sensei, Tezuka Productions,
Square's Editor-in-Chief, and our Editor-in-Chief.
TL Note: These are the mangakas of Eyeshield 21, One Piece, Dragonball, and Naruto, respectively.
TL Note: Square is a reference to Shuueisha's monthly magazine Jump Square.
That person...
He was at Uncle's funeral.
Mashiro-kun, are you listening?
Ah, yes!
Your results from the mangaka senseis were pretty good.
But they weren't so good on the editorial department side.
Do you know why that is?
This won't be popular in Jack.
That's the viewpoint they're taking.
On the other hand, the senseis tend to give better scores to stories that aren't Jack-like.
They are looking for originality, I suppose you could say.
Could you give me some examples of where it wasn't Jack-like?
It was the same with Futatsu no Chikyuu, but...
the main characters are normal humans.
Main characters with special abilities that act in a flashy manner are more Jack-like.
Of course, not all mangas can be like that.
Normal humans...
I knew it, you're saying it's still too much like a novel?
Yeah... but that's just kind of your style, Takagi-kun.
However, there's no doubt that the protagonist had a weak character.
Um...
My artwork was no good, wasn't it?
That's not true.
On the screening comments, you received more fours than threes on the scale out of five.
It looks like they think you can still grow,
so they put threes in order keep you from being satisfied with where you are.
If you keep drawing, you'll get much, much better.
You're doing fine.
What a relief... I'm not holding Shuujin back.
Even so, these are incredible scores.
You just had bad luck this time.
A boy named Niizuma Eiji won the prize and took the finalist slot.
If he wasn't there,
you would have moved up and definitely would have gotten an honorable mention.
He sure is amazing, this Niizuma Eiji guy.
He really is, beyond amazing.
He's the kind of outstanding talent that only shows up once every ten years.
The truth is, he's already left Aomori and is getting ready to be serialized.
Serialized?!
Can a high schooler get serialized?!
They can.
I thought that you knew, Mashiro-kun.
If you're only drawing the characters
and having the finishing touches done by assistants,
roughly how much time do you think it would save?
In that case, it would cut the time by a fourth...
No, a fifth.
Yes.
In terms of drawings, it's not impossible.
Especially for Niizuma-kun who has been submitting one work a month all by himself.
Every month?
What's more, they were winners and finals...
Well, Niizuma-kun's case aside...
Going by these comments and my own thoughts,
what it's lacking as a Shounen magazine, is an appealing Jack-like protagonist.
If you just had that, I'm sure you'll place next time.
Also, Niizuma-kun won't be aiming for any more prizes.
Niizuma Eiji is already getting ready to be serialized...
Yet we're still...
I said before, you should plan on appearing in NEXT!, but
it may be better to try to win the monthly award.
If you can win that, it will be run in the magazine as your debut work.
Okay.
Is that the shortest route to serialization?
For example,
if we wrote a manuscript with the aim to be serialized,
and that was judged to be at serialization level,
then it would be serialized, right?
Saikou, we're still...
I don't mind, but in that case you need to write a minimum of three chapters.
Since it's you two, they can't be names, they'll have to be manuscripts that
So if they're interesting, will it get serialized?
Whether they're interesting or not, it might just get ignored.
It may not even be sent into the serialization meeting.
If you're too full of yourselves, they might even tear up your manuscript and
That isn't so.
Editor-in-Chief!
SSo this person was the Editor-in-Chief?!
A manga only needs to be interesting.
If it's interesting, of course it will get serialized.
But... your work isn't interesting.
At your present level, it's impossible for you to be serialized.
As long as it's interesting, it's fine.
Interesting works will be serialized.
Those were also the last words the mangaka Kawaguchi Tarou said to me.
He knows about me?
When I notified Kawaguchi-san that he was being dismissed from the magazine,
that's what he told me.
Dismissed from the magazine?
Authors at Jack are paid a yearly contract fee.
Should you really be saying that?
These children are seriously aiming to become pros, aren't they?
Then there's no reason to hide the truth from them.
The amount of money is less, but you can think of it like a baseball player's salary.
If they continue to be serialized,
that year's contract fees and manuscript fees are decided...
in relation to how much they've contributed each year and such.
But if that series ends,
if the author is not able to produce any more good works afterwards,
they are indirectly told, Jack doesn't need you anymore.
Then their contract is terminated.
When Kawaguchi-san dragged himself here
to receive his notice of dismissal...
I was an assistant editor-in-chief.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
So that's how it is, huh?
Kawaguchi-san, with your series Chou Hero Densetsu
No need to be so delicate about it.
Rather, having been pretty obscure for seven years since then, I...
You can't be...
I feel relieved.
I can come in with something as a newcomer again.
A manga just needs to be interesting.
If it's interesting, it will get serialized.
After that, he started bringing works in without caring about his appearance.
It seems that five days before he died,
he came in, not with a name, but with a manuscript.
Um...
Is it true that Niizuma Eiji is already preparing to be serialized?
Yes, it's true.
What do you think is the biggest difference between us and Niizuma-san?
To put it into a phrase...
it's how much you love manga.
We like manga too!
I know that.
But he does so to an abnormal level.
He's used a pen ever since he was six years old and has been drawing ever since.
Even when we went to greet his parents,
he never once put his pen down.
Without thinking about anything,
as normal as it was for him to breath,
he drew manga matching with the pulse of today.
I think that once his serialization starts, he'll get to a certain height very quickly.
But for now, that level won't be number one.
He won't be number one?
It's because he's young.
He's all vigor and no depth.
He'll be popular with kids, but it won't be enough for Jack's readership of middle schoolers.
That's it, isn't it?!
What?
The stories in these two's work is deep for their age, elaborate even.
Yes, it could be a little simpler.
Depth...
Story...
Takagi-kun, Mashrio-kun,
from now on it's fine for you to just bring me names.
An appealing Jack-like protagonist.
Just be careful with that.
Just keep bringing them in.
Then how about we decide between the three of us which one you should draw?
Just names?
Yes.
Honestly, your drawings are only going to get better.
It's not like they'll ever be totally bad.
It's more a matter of the story!
If we do it that way, I don't mind if you aim to be in Jack NEXT!.
I think you're right.
Show them as names.
First, make one interesting manga with Hattori.
That's what you would call the shortest route towards serialization.
All right?
Yes sir!
Editor-in-Chief.
Why did you suddenly start talking about someone from so long ago, like Kawaguchi Tarou?
I saw the last name Mashiro and the address, I thought it might be possible...
he's Kawaguchi Tarou's nephew.
You were his editor?
Yes.
But even so, it makes no difference.
He's going to look at them as names.
We've taken another step forward!
Yeah.
First, make one interesting manga with Hattori.
That's what you would call the shortest route towards serialization.
From now on, it's fine for you to just bring names.
Then how about we decide between the three of us which one you should draw?
It kind of feels like the pressure's even greater now.
But I believe in Hattori-san.
Huh?
Shuujin's already here?
Shuujin...
Saikou, good morning.
Sorry...
What?
The two of us haven't been doing anything weird together.
Not that.
Sorry, I didn't realize until after I let her in.
What?
I told you this place used to belong to Mashiro's uncle, who was a mangaka, didn't I?
Yeah, so?
Saikou doesn't want Azuki to know that.
Why?
It doesn't matter, does it?
It's not like you're doing anything wrong.
Yeah, but... I just really don't...
Pride is a difficult subject.
Pride, huh?
But I heard everything from Miho.
You're not going to go out together until you're both successful?
That's totally weird!
You're going to get married when you succeed?
I didn't think Azuki would tell Miyoshi everything.
What?
Nothing.
It has nothing to do with you, Miyoshi.
Yes it does!
I'm Miho's best friend.
It's almost Christmas!
What are you two doing?
Who are you calling?
Miho, of course.
Ah, Miho!
I'm with Takagi and Mashiro right now.
Why don't you come too? The four of us can
Hey, stop!
She said no.
It should be clear that neither of us can do that.
Neither me nor Azuki.
Why doesn't she know that much?
I know Miho's shy and kind of spontaneous, but
I'm really having a hard time understanding this.
Getting married when her dream comes true.
Aren't we still in the third year of middle school?
How could she promise she's going to get married?
Takagi, are you thinking about marrying me right now?
Not at all.
You're... so mean.
The way the conversation was going, that shouldn't have been the wrong answer!
Your sudden refusal pissed me off.
Especially saying Not at all like that.
Hey, Miyoshi, it's something Saikou and Azuki decided together.
That's why I told you not to interfere.
I sort of see where they are coming from.
What's wrong with being romantic?
Then, Takagi, if I were to say that I couldn't see you until you became a mangaka, what would you do?
I can't answer.
Your answer would just make me kick you again, wouldn't it?!
It wouldn't be, I would hate to do that, right?
Or like, I wouldn't care?!
Saikou, help me!
Hey, Saikou!
That's enough you two, cut it out.
Anyway, I would really prefer it if you didn't tell Miyoshi about this apartment at all.
Right, all you need to do is ask and I'll break up with Miyoshi.
All right, I won't tell her.
And Shuujin, don't let Miyoshi in here without my permission anymore.
Sorry, got it.
But you guys are always going to come here to draw manga, right?!
We won't even be able to date on Saturdays!
You said that you were fine with that before, didn't you?
Don't make me keep saying it.
But...
I guess you can come on holidays.
You can meet at school on regular days, right?
Really?
Yay!
What?
If I look closely at you, Saikou-kun, you've got a pretty cute face.
I was just thinking, Miho's taste isn't bad.
Thanks...
Hachiouji?
It's some kind of all-girls school.
Miho said she's going there.
But Hachiouji? That's pretty far from here.
She said that it's close to a production company she goes to for lessons.
While she's going through high school,
she's probably going to try selling herself as an idol before going for seiyuu.
Seriously?
She's not going to become a gravure idol or something, right?
I don't know, but I don't think he would like that, as her boyfriend.
Azuki would never do stuff like that.
Alright, Shuujin, let's work on the name.
None of these are interesting!
Why, I wonder?
I mean, they definitely all have Jack-like protagonists...
That's it!
They're too normal.
Too normal?
They are too Jack-like.
All they leave is an impression that they're lacking something.
By trying too hard to make a mainstream hero,
it's even taking away from the story.
With this, you aren't even going to beat the newcomers, let alone Niizuma Eiji.
No way!
I'm sorry!
I was doing things the wrong way.
You two aren't suited for mainstream.
I firmly understand that now.
Isn't that fatal for Jack?!
What should we do?
First we are told that we can't become popular in Jack...
Then we get told that being too Jack-like isn't good.
So... what should we do?
I'm going.
From Hattori-san?
Yeah.
He asked if we could come after school today.
What do we do?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Sorry for having you leave so fast before.
Ah, it's fine.
Thanks for working with us...
This is sudden, but you know about reader questionnaires?
Yeah, I know about them.
With the questionnaire postcards attached in every Jack,
the mangas are given their rank.
Yes.
The truth is, if just two out of every ten people choose a manga, that manga is considered popular.
Only two?
Yes.
You only need twenty percent.
Why is he suddenly giving us a frank talk like this?
We talked about how Takagi's strength was making non-childish stories.
But because I tried to make you more mainstream,
in the end, all it did was destroy that strength.
Let's change what road we're taking.
Instead of aiming for universal popularity,
even if more than half of the readers don't think it's interesting,
do a manga that you're sure at least two out of ten people will definitely think is interesting.
If Niizuma-kun is mainstream, then this would be cult.
I want you to aim for that kind of work.
Just be aware,
there is a smaller number of mangas in Jack NEXT! than there is in the main magazine,
so twenty percent won't be good enough,
but if a work gets twenty percent in the main magazine,
they'll definitely get good results.
Actually, since it's NEXT!,
there will be some that aren't that good, so it's fine to try standing out.
Instead of mainstream... cult?
An all-or-nothing gamble manga!
Could you be a little more specific about it?
Don't you have any name that wouldn't work in Jack,
or that you thought the readers wouldn't like or something?
Well...
There's this one that a good-looking high school student seriously competes to see how many girls he can date...
Yes! Ones like that!
Something that's general frowned upon,
but definitely has some people that would like it!
There's that one, Shuujin.
The one about people buying people's thoughts with money and trying to get to the top.
What? That's perfect!
It sounds terrible! Tell me more!
Well, right now cell phones can exchange information using infrared, right?
In the near future, people's brains can do that too, and thoughts can be also be bought and sold.
Of course, smart people's thoughts are expensive and that's the only thing that has value.
You need money to buy them, so you need to sell your own to as many people as you can.
If you sell them to worse people, then they move up.
If you're selling, you want it to be as expensive as possible for people stupider than you.
If you're buying, you want it to be as cheap as possible from people smarter than you.
That's it! Something like that is a definite Yes!
In fact, why didn't you draw that and bring it in to me sooner?
Well, I thought we were going for mainstream.
By the way, what's your title for that?
It's a a little creepy, but Kono Yo Wa Kane to Chie.
TL Note: Kono Yo Wa Kane to Chie = This World is Money and Intelligence
Then it's decided. Let's go with that!
I think this is the only road we can take to make use of your unique characteristics.
I want to get your work serialized.
Let's have the three of us work on a name,
and get it done in time for NEXT!.
The deadline is February thirteenth.
Yes, sir!
Niizuma-kun, are you ready for the serialization?
The truth is, I would actually like you to begin with a one-shot... huh?
Niizuma-kun...
Next time, Chocolate and NEXT!.
NEXT! is a dream for newcomer mangakas!
