Yuueisha
What are you doing?!
Hattori-san, you said that in three years,
we'll be able to compete with mainstream.
You never intended to serialize our cult story...
Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie in the first place, did you?
So starting now, we're doing mainstream!
Didn't I tell you that you would get popular without doing mainstream?!
No, we want to do mainstream!
Niizuma-kun is a genius-type.
Even if you do mainstream, you won't be able to beat him.
And it's the general viewpoint of the editorial department...
that Niizuma-kun won't be able to become number one in the main magazine.
How can you be sure we won't win against Niizuma-san?
Still...?
Our mainstream won't even be appearing together with Niizuma-san.
After seeing your name today, I can tell!
To be exact, you're saying...
I can tell you can't win with this particular name.
Right?
All right.
Half a year!
If you can't make a name that I approve of in half a year,
you will follow my plan.
And then if you still insist on doing mainstream,
I'll step down as your editor!
Are you all right with that?!
Yes!
Mainstream?
For the current Jack, I don't think there's room for any more to come in.
And with mainstream, you can't tell how the votes will go.
You won't know unless you run it, but in my honest opinion...
this name is no good.
I can tell you with certainty that this wouldn't rank high even in NEXT!
First of all, it has no originality...
A lot of newcomers bring in works that have good points from hit mainstream manga cobbled together,
but none of those ever become hits.
Okay.
Just as I expected, Hattori-san's analysis is right on the mark.
Newcomers that try to draw mainstream fantasy battle manga...
are always basically the same.
The biggest point is having a view of a world that pulls the readers in.
A clear, palatable reason is given for why the protagonist has to fight.
He has an intensity to him that looks cool,
and then there's a battle where it's easy to tell what will happen.
There's an enemy character who is as appealing as the main character, if not more so.
And if possible, it's good to have a cute heroine.
There there are some laughs...
and some tear-jerking scenes, which are always strong.
Thank you very much!
Even though we're going against your wishes,
thank you for giving us advice, Hattori-san.
I believe you're thoroughly unsuited to doing mainstream.
What I'm saying right now are...
just some honest facts to stop you from doing mainstream.
I told you tear-jerking scenes are strong ones, didn't I?
Yes.
The readers have a good eye for these things,
so if your plan is to make them cry, they'll see through it.
So they're just be bored by it, instead?
Yes.
It's like, you can't create the story too much...
How should I put it...?
Just draw it without thinking!
Niizuma-kun?!
Again?
They decided to serialize CROW,
so I said I wanted to say hi to Ashirogi-sensei before going home.
Why is he acting so buddy-buddy with us?
Niizuma-san...
What do you mean by draw without thinking?
Hey!
I don't think when I'm drawing names.
Well, it's more like, I don't want to draw names.
I think everybody probably thinks the same way,
so I think it's kind of weird that editors are always going on about making names.
They made me write a name for YELLOW HIT, too,
but that wasn't any fun.
You drew a name here a little while ago, though,
and it was incredibly fast.
You did a 25-page second chapter...
and a 23-page third chapter in just 30 minutes...
No matter how much of it you already had done in your head, that was fast!
That was a lie.
I didn't have it in my head.
You didn't?!
If I had said I didn't have a name thought up already,
I thought they might not let me serialize it,
so I told them that.
If you didn't have it in your head already...
how were you able to draw it so smoothly?
The characters I like just move by themselves!
Move!
I want to see them move,
and even I get excited to see how they'll move and I just can't stop.
Isn't that how it is for everyone?
Characters he though of himself...
move freely, outside of his control?
Is that how manga really works?
This is bad.
He's a totally different type from these two.
I can't let them hear anymore of this...
Movement!
Niizuma-kun!
It's true that the best-case scenario is to have fun while drawing something interesting,
but normally you draw it after making a name...
and the hard thinking comes before the name is done.
Hmm...
I guess if I weren't thinking, I couldn't draw.
So, I'm probably thinking then, too.
Niizuma-san.
Yes?
That's enough.
We already know how we should draw.
Is that so?
When does your next one run?
I don't know that,
but we're going to get serialized as fast as we can...
and catch up to you, Niizuma-san.
I'm happy to hear it! Let's work hard together
Until we get serialized,
please continue getting serialized and wait for us.
Roger.
But I may be number one by then.
I don't think this world is so soft that you can become number one that easily.
Yuujirou-san, let's go!
I don't have any money with me though, so could I ride the taxi back?
Okay, Hattori-san.
I think we'll leave it here for today.
OOkay.
Do your best.
Yes, excuse us!
Niizuma Eiji and those two...
Would a responsible adult keep letting them get away with these things?
I probably should've had them take this with them.
There's something else in here.
They drew a one-page drawing, too?
This is drawn pretty well.
Those two's determination always gets through.
But how could you make this work as a battle manga...?
I'm surprised you said you liked Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie, Niizuma-kun.
Really? It was interesting.
But when I heard Ashirogi-sensei was going to try to write a battle manga too,
I was a little disappointed.
Eh? Those two?
I really can't picture it...
Well, I can't imagine it being good.
I think Ashirogi-sensei will become my rival.
Especially the shorter one of them.
I think he could even come up with something alone.
Why do you say that?
Can't you tell?!
No, sorry, I can't.
You saw those two assistants who came this afternoon, right?
His eyes were different from those two's.
They were clear and had fire in them.
He had the eyes of a manga hero who does something incredible.
What a weird way of judging...
Can you really see talent for manga that way?
HHey, Niizuma-kun! What's going on?
Calm down!
Niizuma Eiji...
He's one of those Hattori-san told us about that time.
The genius-type that just passionately draws what he wants and it becomes a hit.
Yeah, the stuff Eiji usually does is the kind that tends to turn into a hit.
Before, you said you knew how you should be drawing.
Were you serious?
Well... It's more like I just think we should go back to how we were originally.
Whether it's mainstream or not,
in the end there are two ways of drawing manga.
Like Eiji, with the characters moving on their own...
or to calculate it, but make it seem like you're not calculating it.
Sounds complicated.
Reasons for fighting, heroines, laughs, tears...
They all seem obvious,
but until now, there are things we haven't been aware of.
If we can cover everything Hattori-san said,
I think we could make something amazing.
You could be right.
Uh, but the one to be calculating all that...
and making it seem like it wasn't planned is going to be me, isn't it?
Well, it looks like writing it without thinking would be the best way, though.
Man, it really does look like mainstream is a higher hurdle to overcome.
I said I'd help, too.
Anyway, our real fight starts here.
What? It's like the last line in a canceled series!
Thank you very much!
Was I... not good enough?
You can't get that depressed after failing one audition.
Just work hard for next time.
Come on, let's try again.
Yes, ma'am.
This is starting in a late-night time slot this summer, Sei Visual Jyogakuin Koutou.
There's audition for the students.
You want to try for it?
The offices are calling for recommended newcomers.
You need acting skills, of course, but it seems they also want skilled singers.
I'd love to!
Please let me take it!
Acting... singing...?
How about you?
I'll go.
The audition is the Sunday two weeks from now.
The details are on the flyer inside the script.
All right!
Thank you very much!
Miho!
Sorry, I ended up being late.
Kaya!
It must have been a long ride to Hachiouji.
No, it was kinda like going on a trip, I had fun.
By the way...
WhWhat?
Why did you change clothes?
You said you would show me your new uniform.
I told you, I went straight there from the studio.
I'd look weird wearing a uniform there.
How did this last audition go?
What was it?
The high-handed lady, or something...
Ah, sorry...
You've got nothing to apologize for.
I'm just no good.
Ooh, so this is where the kind of place you have this time!
Kaya-chan!
You grew again.
What did?
You look a lot more mature in the short time since we last met.
Really?
You want to go drop off your bag?
Momo, you're looking well!
Aw, there there!
Oh, mature Miyoshi-san?
Your clothes are getting wrinkles.
That's because my mental age is the same as Mina-chan's.
Sei Visual Jyogakuin Koutou Bu?
What's this?
Ah, for my next audition.
Audition?
Sorry, I have somewhat long legs.
Or something like...
Hm? Huh? Hm?
Oh, this is where it was.
I wonder who did it?
Or something like that happens.
I'll bet! It's an all-girls school, after all.
I told you, it doesn't.
It definitely does.
Set a thief to catch a thief, they say.
What's that mean?
I don't think you're using that phrase right.
You think so?
I'm glad to hear you have another audition.
YYeah.
J Ah! The seasons never last...! J
They run so beautifully in us...
fleeting.
Kaya, I brought you a bath towel.
Okay! Thanks!
Ah the seasons never last!
I wonder if I should be trying to do this.
Hey, hey. How's your boyfriend doing?
I'm a bit interested, too.
Have you two kissed yet?
No...
We haven't even gone on that many dates yet.
Takagi's been busy lately.
You must be kind of lonely.
But I really want to cheer him on.
Takagi, together with Mashiro, are working really hard to draw manga.
Is that so?
We fought each other to help Takagi write a battle manga.
And Mashiro's really amazing, he's practicing by doing several hundred drawings.
They never say it's hard or painful.
For the sake of realizing their dreams, they keep doing their best.
Miho.
What?
Do you not want to take the audition?
You seemed down all day.
If you don't want to, it's okay to say no, right?
And if they give you a hard time about it, I'll go knock their lights out.
Thanks.
I'm... still way off from giving a performance.
I have no confidence about this at all.
For a while now, I've been wondering if I should even try to audition.
But I'm going to try hard!
I want to give my best, just like Mashiro-kun and Takagi-kun!
Great! Do your best!
Yeah!
Are you all right?
Ah, sorry. I'm just a bit nervous.
Thank you very much!
Nanba Kana-san. Please come in.
Ah, yes, sir!
Well, I guess I'm going first.
All right then, please say your affiliated studio and name.
Prince Eight, Azuki Miho.
Happy to be working with you.
Sorry I'm late!
Hey, thanks for coming straight here.
Come up with anything?
No, not yet. Forget about tears, even laughs...
I can't get laughs without calculating them.
Wouldn't there be laughs that can appear naturally in the flow of the story?
In the flow of the story, huh...?
Thinking that Eiji could have done CROW from NEXT! without even writing a name,
it's truly frightening.
But I'm glad we met him.
Meeting Eiji got me more fired up than ever before.
Me too.
That's a good indication, if we're still fired up a year into it.
A year?
Yes.
It's been a year since I proposed to you the idea of becoming mangakas.
Really?
It was the day before midterms, wasn't it?
Anyway, being nostalgic won't help anything.
Let's hurry to the workplace.
Anyway, making a perfect mainstream manga is hard...
How do you get the hang of making it flow naturally?
One year, huh...?
An anime by age eighteen...
In the end, even if we call that our goal...
Azuki's had her debut as a seiyuu decided.
You're kidding?
Am I allowed to look?
Woah, it's true!
That's the one serialized in Young Three!
Seems like a small part, but she really did it!
Azuki... is really having her debut as a seiyuu...?
Even we had a debut in NEXT!...
this means both you and Azuki are taking steps towards your dreams.
don't understand a lot about seiyuus, but...
but they can sell and get popular a lot faster than mangakas, can't they?
I think you're right.
Maybe if she went on TV and people saw her face,
she could get popular right away.
Azuki is incredibly cute.
If you're worried about it,
just send her an email asking her to have them hide her face.
What's there to be worried about?!
Azuki's working hard.
Then what are you emailing her, as you're saying that?
I have to say congratulations.
Send!
Now I'm really feeling impatient.
Fast as always.
Azuki
I'm sorry.
I'll keep working hard so I can have a heroine role waiting for you first.
Saikou?
What's up?
Huh?
I don't dislike only encouraging each other through email...
and when Azuki gets mad at me...
I'm kind of happy.
She got mad at you.
Also, I like Azuki like crazy, and yet...
right now, I still don't feel like I want to see her.
That is strange.
But I'm pretty sure Azuki's crazy about you...
in the same way, I think.
That's true.
Maybe you're more of an N than an M.
An N for narcissist.
Isn't that too many si's?
That's the right way to say it.
TL Note: In Japanese, the use of Narcissist as a loan word from English is often abbreviated one si sound, as just Narsist (Narushisuto/).
I see.
Miho, congratulations on your seiyuu debut!
Thanks, Kaya.
I'm making an announcement!
I've decided on my dream!
Huh?
Next time, Wall and Kiss.
That means I'll be working hard going for my dream, too!
