Black crow!
We even got an apartment for him.
He better not turn out to be a flop once he's serialized.
Good evening!
It's open.
This is how the crow feels!
Niizuma-kun!
'Sup bro?
You have to keep the door locked!
This is the city!
I can't believe how many people live here!
Turn it down!
If you insist...
So you bought a sound system.
I bought it with what I had left over after giving the prize money to my parents.
You shouldn't turn it up so loud.
Think of your neighbors.
That lady was staring at me outside.
Niizuma-kun, I'm sorry to bring this up so suddenly,
but I don't suppose you could get a fifty-page draft ready?
If you want a draft, there's one on the floor.
This is your new work?
There's about four chapters there so far how does it look?
This, even though you're already about to be published.
I can't calm down without drawing.
I write what I come up with at school as soon as I get home.
This is great.
Your stuff is getting better and better.
We'll need the first page plus a spread in color.
I want to draw in color.
I feel somewhat confident.
When's the deadline?
It would be great if you had it done by the start of March next year.
I can easily get it done by sometime in January.
I would like you to come pick it up around that time.
I'm afraid of Tokyo trains and crowded places.
Alright, I understand. Well
This doesn't read like a shounen manga.
Is this just some desperate gamble?
There aren't even two months left until the Next deadline.
But...
Shuujin, mind if I make the art like it was?
Like it was?
Well, I think a more dramatic style would suit Money and Intelligence better.
I see.
Well, Hattori-san didn't say anything about that, but I think you're right.
Yeah, me too.
By the way, why have you been staring at that postcard survey?
Here.
Please enter the numbers of manga you found entertaining, in order of interest.
It always says that.
There are twenty-one manga to choose from, and only three slots.
That makes the probability of getting picked one in seven.
Oh, twenty-one divided by three is seven.
Hattori-san said that if two out of ten people select a given manga, it will become popular.
That's one in five people. One fifth.
I thought that would be easy,
but getting the average from 1-to-7 to 1-to-5 is actually quite difficult, I've realized.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Not everyone is going to submit a vote.
Anyway, there's no point in us calculating that now.
If you have that kind of free time, start writing names.
We have to turn them into clean copies, after all.
We can't hand a draft with your artwork.
I know that, but it's a story about buying and selling the contents of human minds.
The harder I think about it, the harder it gets.
Even though I came up with it, it's deeper than I thought.
Hattori-san told us to depict human greed realistically.
And as repulsively as possible.
Well it's about buying and selling, so shouldn't it be easy to come up with something?
Well if it were up to you, Saikou, for how much would you sell the contents of your head?
Well, it would depend on who I'm selling it to, but...
Ten million yen?
That's a lot!
But, it would be horrible to have someone know the inside of your head.
I wouldn't want to sell it to anyone I knew.
It would be easier to sell to a total stranger.
So we need a rule saying that you can only buy from the original owner.
It would be problematic for a third person to obtain them.
So you would sell for ten million, and buy the contents of Azuki's brain for nine million?
Is that me and Azuki?
Anyway, as if I would buy!
I wouldn't want to know what's going on in the head of someone I love.
If I knew, it would wreck the romance.
Actually, rather than selling to her, I might even want to pay her to take a look in my head.
Why?
I want her to know how much I love her.
Now that I think about it, I do want to take a peek in her head after all.
I bet she loves me just as much.
We would understand each other better than ever.
You're really into mutual love and understanding, huh.
So that's when I told her...
It's the first highlight, so let's make this panel a little larger.
Then we should work on that line a bit more.
Hold on, I'll think of something.
I want something striking, with impact.
Wow, drawing a manga?
Saikou, your art is so freaking awesome!
What? Huh? Manga?
Show me too.
Come on, we can't concentrate.
Don't be so cold.
I'll give you some advice.
What are you writing?
Something with erotic scenes?!
Of course not. We're trying to get into Jack.
Jack, huh? You're sure ambitious.
Let us know when you get serialized.
I'll brag to my friends.
It's not as if you're the one getting published.
Everyone's being real supportive.
Supportive?
That's called'being a bother'.
Especially Suzuki.
Oh yeah, Saikou. How did your mock exam go?
For Kita High, eighty percent.
That qualifies me for early admission, so I guess I don't have to study.
What about you?
Ninety-five percent!
You can't even score one hundred percent.
Then why don't you go to a better school?
Nope. Kita's fine.
Besides if I changed plans all of a sudden, Miyoshi would kick my ass.
What, you're going to Kita for Miyoshi's sake, not mine?
Oh, that's right. Around Christmas, I'm going somewhere with Miyoshi to see some lights.
I thought I would invite you guys along.
No way!
Thought so.
Azuki also said no.
See you.
OOkay.
Don't let her distract you from writing manga.
No way, no way.
Alright everyone, take care not to catch cold.
Thank you!
Miho! Let's go home.
Yeah!
Kaya?
Huh, yeah.
After graduation, it's possible we won't be able to meet until our dream comes true.
Compared to that, winter break should be nothing.
Shuujin, let's go to the studio.
Sorry, I've got plans.
Oh, that was today.
Yeah, I know I shouldn't.
Go.
Sorry, did you wait long?
No, I just got here.
Let's get going.
Yeah!
We'll be so far away from one another after graduation.
Is it always going to be like this?
Even though she's so close by?
Sorry for the wait.
Sorry, I lost track of time picking out an outfit.
YYour clothes!
We didn't go to that movie at the back-to-school party.
Thinking about how this was our first date, I was getting super freaked out!
Shorts in December?!
And I can see her midriff.
And I feel like something is pressing against my arm!
Hey, were you listening?
Yeah, and I wasn't thinking about anything weird either!
I was just wondering whether you were cold in that outfit.
Why are you freaking out?
Nothing.
Anyway, let's get going!
Sure.
It's already so crowded.
Man, there are more people here than I thought!
If we get separated in there, we'll never find each other.
I think we'll be fine since we have our cellphones.
Should we pick a meeting place just in case?
Here.
Takagi, you're so sweet!
Idiot!
Don't get the wrong idea.
Feeling shy?
No, absolutely not.
I don't get Miho and him at all.
I mean, if they're already thinking of marriage,
shouldn't they be making as many memories together as they can?
I mean, I don't want it to get out, at school, that they're together...
But they aren't even sending texts! What's up with those two?
Yet Miho can say, I love boys, without batting an eye.
Don't let her distract you from writing manga.
Azuki seems a bit too serious to me.
Yeah, she's crazy serious.
Why?
When Saikou wrote in his notebook, After our dream comes true, no matter what,
Azuki cried.
I think they're more in love than we can imagine.
More than we can imagine, eh?
It's not just romanticism.
If Azuki and he were to start dating now,
she might lose herself in him.
I wonder if she cried because she wasn't sure if she could have both love and her dream.
How miserable!
What is?
Love is a miserable thing.
I feel like I understand why you're always alone.
Yeah, when I'm alone I can praise my own intelligence in peace.
Well, I'm going to do some names. Meeting adjourned.
Huh?!
What was that for, Miyoshi?
I heard Azuki has an exam today.
For a school in Tokyo.
You heard that from Miyoshi?
Yeah.
I'm switching the positions of the speech bubbles.
Ok.
Don't you care about Azuki?
I'm concentrating on this manga.
She's doing her best.
I have to as well.
You're right.
No! I don't want to be apart from her! I hope she fails that exam!
Is what I thought you would say.
I wouldn't say anything like that.
And what would we do if someone overheard you?
I only said that because no one was around.
Would the fourth of February work for you to go hand in the name?
Let's go right after the exam.
Oh, the exam.
I haven't done anything.
Kita High's exam questions are textbook-level, you know.
Those should cover the main points.
Wow, thanks.
They're not going to surprise us with really hard questions this year are they?
If they do, I'm sorry.
These were all I studied.
I think it'll be fine.
I don't feel like I failed.
No way! I sucked on that exam!
Everyone who takes that exam passes it.
Ooh, I'm not sure about you since you were suspended for that violence incident.
They said it wouldn't end up on my permanent record.
And even if it does, my grades are more than good enough.
They'll beg me to go to school there.
Kyaa! I love that about him!
You're as weird as him.
This is good.
I mean, it's interesting as it is,
but how about adding that part from your Tezuka submission 100,000,000 Minutes,
about the gigantic government supercomputer that ranks people?
That sounds fun!
My uncle used to say that the best editors are the ones who come up with ideas you'd never have yourself.
Why didn't I... I mean, why didn't I realize?
This is fine!
Rewrite it, then bring it back.
Alright!
Thank you very much for your advice.
I'm there!
Weren't you actually nervous?
No way.
I made it!
I made it, Takagi!
I'm so glad, I'm so glad...
Well, let's get back to the studio and fix up that name.
Go take care of her.
Alright! You're good!
And the art is good.
Going for a realistic style was the right choice.
I'll really push this one.
The Vice Editor-in-Chief and our captain will decide which ones make it onto the pages of NEXT!
The Vice Editor and captain? Not the Editor-in-Chief?
Right. The Vice Editor at NEXT! needs more on-the-job experience.
Of course, the final OK comes from the Editor-in-Chief, but the selection is made by those under him.
The Editor-in-Chief also has the final say when it comes to our magazine as well.
The results will be out in two weeks, and I'll give you a call.
Right!
I didn't realize it wasn't the Editor-In-Chief who selects the work for printing.
I'm surprised.
So you didn't know either.
Yeah.
He said, If it's interesting, it will get published, right?
Yeah.
Two weeks, huh?
Saiko!
Yeah!
Isn't that great, Kawasaki?
You got into high school!
Yes, sensei! It's all thanks to you, sir!
What's up with you today? You're being awfully proper.
No, I'm really grateful to you, sensei!
Kawasaki, you fool!
Men do not show their tears to others!
These are my last words to you.
Ah, the last line of this play...
Should I draw a title page?
Yeah, it'll help us calm down.
Happy Valentine's!
Wow, thanks for making the trip even though it was your day off.
I wanted to give it to you while it's still Valentine's Day.
Wow, home-made!
Sorry if they're not well made.
Want one, Saikou?
No, if I steal one Miyoshi will hit me.
I will not!
Thanks again.
These are great!
What about tea?
Mashiro.
These are from Miho.
Oh, thanks.
Open it, Saikou.
Yes, don't be shy!
Shut up! I'll open it after I get home.
Mashiro-kun.
I'm sorry these aren't handmade like Kaya's.
It would be embarrassing if my family saw me.
I got you pencil chocolates since you're trying to become a manga artist...
is that dumb?
Moritaka!
Dinner's ready!
Alright! I'll be right there!
How about this as the last one?
Alright.
It's decided.
Yes.
That took a long time.
That's because there was so much strong work.
Aida-san!
Um, how was it?
Oh, that.
We were so confident with our Tezuka submission, but it failed.
I have no idea what to expect.
Here it comes!
Hello, this is Takagi.
They decided to run it in NEXT!
YES!
Oh man! This is the happiest I've ever been in my life!
MMe too! This feels so much better than getting into high school!
Hurray! Hurray! Hurray!
Hello? Hello?
Oh, excuse us.
We're just so happy.
I've thought this over, and I'll be honest with you.
Yes?
They're running a fifty-page work by Niizuma Eiji from the cover.
Niizuma Eiji, from the cover?
Part of the reason they included your work
was in order to make him look better, since you're the same age.
They're just using us?
Listen to me.
Getting your work published in NEXT!, whatever the reason, is a big opportunity.
Please work with the intention of beatingno...
Win!
Don't you dare lose!
Yes sir!
If we snag the number one spot at NEXT! we'll get serialized!
Before that happens, go on a date with Miho!
We're going to wait until after our dream comes true.
I so do not get you!
Next episode: Feast and Graduation
Does that mean your dream has to come true?
