I wish you would've waited until after you were serialized before making an official announcement.
If I'm gonna do it, now is the only time.
This way all my fans will send in those questionnaires and give me votes.
By being successful in many different fields, I'll become a person of real charisma!
Making an announcement at a time like this is unfair.
Yeah, he'll definitely get questionnaires from his fans.
The work that comes in first in the Golden Future Cup gets closest to becoming serialized.
Even we want to be number one!
Let's go.
Guess the gang's all here.
We can't let KOOGY's actions go by!
There's no way I could tolerate an announcement like that!
Let's make the editorial department open their eyes.
Fukuda Group, let's go!
Sorry to be so sudden,
but what business do you have at the company today?
I apologize for the inconvenience,
but the inside of the offices are not open to the public.
If you have an appointment, please see the receptionist over there and...
We've got business with the Jack editorial department.
We've filled out the entrance procedures and everything.
Oh, then excuse me.
What was with that guard?
He got oddly quiet.
Your sense of justice must've gotten through to him, Fukuda-san.
Must have.
Please wait at booth number one over there.
Thank you.
How may I help you-
An entrance procedure form, please.
Yes.
P-Please fill this out.
'Kay.
Which one of us has the highest ranking editor?
Aoki-san's editor is Aida-san, he's a captain.
We could just go straight up to the editor-in-chief.
Please call Weekly Shounen Jack's Aida-san.
So he is going with Aida-san?
If he's not there, call Hattori Akira-san.
And if that's still no good, try Hattori Yuujirou-san.
P-Please wait one moment.
Hello? It's Aida.
Eh?
Yes.
Yes...
Fukuda-sama, Nakai-sama, and the two gentlemen Ashirogi-sama.
Four of them all together.
The entrants in the Golden Future Cup, huh?
It must be about that.
Send them up to the editorial department, please.
Hattori! Yuujirou!
They're coming to raid us!
Letting that damn KOOGY have an entry...
We can't let the Golden Future Cup turn into an ordinary popularity contest.
Right!
We put our souls into the manga we write, don't we?!
That's right!
Just you wait, Jack editorial department.
Fukuda-kun and the others are...
Yeah.
And I've got a pretty good idea as to why.
Sounds like it's gonna get noisy.
Hello!
Excuse us!
It's so nice to be young.
One of them's not so young though...
Wait! Fukuda-kun, stop!
I didn't come here to talk to you, Yuujirou-san.
At the least, it'll be with Aida-san-
Don't mess around here!
I'll listen to what you have to say.
This is unfair.
Like I thought, that's what it is.
He's gonna get votes just because he's KOOGY.
Whenever he releases a song, his CD sales and download counts are always in the top 3 nationwide.
And personally, I really don't want to lose to a work like Colorfusical.
Did Hattori-san know something like this would happen?
He's putting his music career on hiatus for this.
I don't think it's unfair at all.
In fact, the fans are more likely to want him to forget about manga and go back to making music.
And he'll get a real bashing if his manga isn't interesting.
That's how resolved he is to do this.
Then why the hell is he announcing it now?!
It's obviously that it's to get fans to support him in it, isn't it?!
He even put in that I hope you'll all support me! comment.
And it even says that he's been saying that on all the music programs he's been on.
This is just like a celebrity running in an election because they know they'll get votes!
Well, is there really anything wrong with that?
Even if that's what it takes to get results, being a mangaka is a job that relies on being popular.
The ones who get the popularity win.
Gimme a break!
You think that regardless of what means you use, as long as you get the votes, it's all good Yuujirou-san?
Don't get violent!
I think Fukuda-san is right!
This way, the battle ends up not even being about manga.
And this time I'm betting my life on my work.
I'm not gonna get another chance! I'm already 33!
If you don't like it, step down as an entry!
We haven't announced what works the entries are yet!
KOOGY's the one who should step down!
It's already been on the news.
If we undo that, then it'll turn into a real problem!
Then it'll work if all three of us drop out?
Can you still do the Golden Future Cup then?
Hey Fukuda-kun, for us dropping out's a little...
Whose side are you on, Nakai-san?
We've gotta stand firm here!
B-But...
There are other candidates who can fill your spots.
Tons of newcomers waiting for their chance!
Is that really how you're gonna handle this as adults?
If it comes to it, we don't mind.
Our top priority is to make the readers happy!
A manga only needs to be interesting.
If it's interesting, of course it will get serialized.
Fukuda-san, we're not dropping out.
We just have to win, don't we?
We just need to win on the contents of our manga!
A manga just needs to be interesting.
Interesting works will get serialized.
Even if KOOGY's fans send in questionnaires and he wins the Cup,
that doesn't mean his work has real merit.
If we read them, we'll be able to tell right away about who really won and lost.
So even if KOOGY's fans do send them in for him,
if we write manga that won't lost to him based on their contents, that should be fine!
You're just trying to say something cool,
but you're exactly right.
We'll make this a battle of manga!
We'll beat that Makaino Kouji, KOOGY into the ground!
Okay.
How about we three groups show each other our names?
Eh?
We'll give each other our opinions and make them even better.
Like with chapter five of CROW.
There's nothing improper about this.
We're comrades before we're rivals, after all.
What do you think?
Hattori-san, could we have a copy of our name?
Sure.
Ah, Niizuma-kun?
Sorry to bother you, but I'm gonna bring Ashirogi-kun over there.
We wanna have a strategy meeting for the Golden Future Cup.
Eh, Ashirogi-sensei?
So we'll be heading back there now.
Roger.
Mm, yes.
So then we decided our three groups should exchange opinions...
Ah, Fukuda-kun!
It's all right if Aoki-san comes too, right?
Of course.
Yes, I'm back.
He said it would be an honor to have you and he'll wait for you to get there.
Ok, I'll see you then.
Here are the copies.
Three of them.
Thank you.
Don't worry, the readers will judge them on their content.
Do your best!
Right!
Thank you very much.
Ready to go, Ashirogi-kun?
Ah, yes!
Okay, Fukuda Group, excuse us!
Sorry for the trouble.
Excuse us.
Excuse us.
Those guys are kind of a pain, aren't they?
But if they don't try that much, they can't become popular authors.
Yes, that's true.
It's true, even the sign's gone.
So the news was true? It's such a shock...
But KOOGY is still KOOGY, I'm gonna support him.
He really is popular, isn't he?
That KOOGY bastard, he's underestimating manga.
There's no way in hell I'm losing to him.
Sorry, everyone.
Aoki-san called me and said she'd be late.
She said to go on ahead.
Got it.
Should we get drinks or anything?
And we've gotta get the room cleaned up.
We should get rid of all the trash there for this.
I think Nakai-san forgot our real objective.
We're not doing this to play around.
This has developed kinda oddly, huh?
We went down to the editorial department about KOOGY,
and now we've ended up showing our names to each other.
He said we were giving opinions.
If it can make each other's work better, it'll be fine.
But we're all rivals.
Yeah...
Niizuma-kun is working right now, so he said we could use this room.
Well, I know it's a mess, so just sit anywhere.
Thank you very much.
Excuse me.
I thought our work place was something, but this place is incredible too.
Yeah, I've never been in this room before either.
Every mangaka's workplace looks basically the same as the next one.
Let me help you with that.
No, just get out your name.
Ah, go ahead, I...
Looks like they're here.
We're coming in!
You met Ashirogi-kun this afternoon,
but this is your first time meeting Fukuda-kun, isn't it?
This is the original author for my work, Aoki Kou-san.
It is very nice to meet you.
The Story King runner-up king.
I heard she was a woman,
but just what kind of story did she think up?
Nice to meet you.
Please come right over here, Aoki-san.
Have a drink!
Sorry it's in such a confined space.
It's fine, I don't mind.
Guess we're all ready then.
Let's start by reading each other's names.
My KIYOSHI Knight,
team Nakai and Aoki's hideout door,
and Ashirogi Muto's Gitantei TRAP.
Once we've read them all, we'll give each other our opinions on their work.
Don't hold anything back.
Be straightforward about anything you notice.
Okay, let's get started.
Excuse me!
This sounds interesting, please let me join in too!
This is Niizuma-sensei.
Sorry for the intrusion.
No problem.
What about your work, Niizuma-kun?
I finished it.
And this looks like something very educational.
I'd like to participate!
What do you think?
I'd like to have Niizuma-san look at them too.
What about you guys?
I have no objections.
In that case, neither do I.
Okay, then we'll have Niizuma-sensei's opinions too.
Thanks very much.
Okay, let's get going.
Right.
A work by an author I don't know at all.
Just what kind of story will it have?
Aw man, Aoki Kou... she's better than I thought she'd be.
It seems like the kinda thing you'd see in a movie.
It's a story about a boy who meets a fairy and tries to become one himself.
The runner-up Story King is at such a level?
What's with this head-scratcher of a story?
I can't understand this at all.
But there's nothing like it running in Jack right now.
Did they calculate that far into it?
And I can't make light of Nakai-san's artwork.
If he uses drawings like these to express a world like this, then...
Fukuda-san... He said he'd polished it using the same character he used for the one shot that ranked 7th in the main magazine...
But it feels almost completely new.
And the feel he gives from these gags is also something we lack.
This is so good!
It feels like a modern-day'Otokojyuku...
The heated parts are incredibly heated, and the comedic parts are hilarious...
Fukuda-san's artwork is the worst among these but the roughness really suits the story...
His partner's better at doing stories...
It's just like Mashiro-kun said...
This guy could even be a writer.
Just as I thought, my biggest rival in this is gonna be Ashirogi Muto.
Those two being 15 year old geniuses wasn't an exaggeration.
The story is amazing, and the drawings are outstanding!
He drew difficult perspectives and poses even at the name stage.
And he has a good sense for splitting the panels up.
When this is done, it'll make an incredible work.
What's this guy doing here?!
Exciting!
Well then, how'bout we start giving opinions?
I refuse.
What do you mean?
I think my work is the most interesting, so I'm abstaining myself from commenting on other's work.
If you would like to do so, do it with your two groups.
You think this flower field with a candy house in the middle where you eat a giant chocolate cake story is interesting?
I thought it was the most boring out of the bunch.
Fukuda-san...
No, my work was the best.
Your manga was too violent in its expression.
That's because it's shounen manga!
But I'll take that too violent comment as a compliment.
But keep in mind that I was told to tone it down and redrew it six times.
Even if I get Yuujirou's approval, if the head editors say no then I can't go against them.
And the rules got harsher every time.
Though mostly that was just being told not to make it remind people of other old manga.
There are tons of unwholesome shounen manga like that. They're not holy books or learning material.
Works that are so unwholesome that it'd make the PTA oppose it are interesting.
Fukuda-kun, I think that's enough.
Well, fine.
But I'm the same, I thought my work was the best.
Did you two think your work was the best too?
Well... yeah.
As a whole.
Well then, I guess we should quit this whole exchanging opinions thing.
If you have faith in your own work, then there is no need.
Yeah, yeah; Aoki-san's right.
My work won't lose to Colorfusical either.
Huh? You mean our work, right?
Okay, then it's called off!
Fukuda-san...
Aoki-jyou is right, if we have confidence in our work then that's good enough.
It's great that everyone thinks their own work is number one.
So that means we don't need opinions like these.
He's right.
It's not just KOOGY.
All of them are our rivals.
But since we all got together and everything, how about we hear from the most neutral of anyone here, Niizuma-kun.
All three of them were fantastic.
Yeah, but which did you think was most interesting among them?
Violence, suspense, fairy-tale...
Everyone's stories are different, but if I were to rank them on how interesting they were, I'd say...
H-Hang on a second, could you?
Okay.
I kinda have a feeling that the real results are gonna come out exactly as Niizuma-sensei says.
I do not mind, I have confidence.
I'm confident too.
Me too.
Then is it all right for me to say it?
Yeah.
I know which is 3rd, but it's a tie for 1st.
Because of that, I feel sorry for the one in 3rd, so I'm not gonna say any more.
A tie? Can't you pick one of them?
It's an exact tie in my mind!
What's with that? Can't you at least try to pick one?
They're really really at the exact same level.
Okay, well we'll see which it is when the results come out two months from now.
Is the one to win the Golden Future cup in this room? Or will it be KOOGY?
I'm going home.
Aoki-san, I'll accompany you to the train station.
Saikou, let's head back too.
Saikou?
Ah, right.
Good job everyone, I'll be looking forward to reading your finished works!
What did we go there for in the end then?
I knew everyone would just like their own works the best.
Otherwise they wouldn't be aiming to be mangakas.
What's wrong? You've been quiet for a while now.
Which two works got the top results?
Oh, you mean what Eiji said?
Fukuda-san's and Nakai-san's were more interesting than I expected.
I told you, I don't think we'll lost to them either.
There's no clear winner!
But that's just Eiji's personal opinion, isn't it?
The real thing's only determined by the questionnaires.
With the questionnaires KOOGY has a big advantage.
And KOOGY got a finalist prize in the Tezuka Award.
If he can capture his musical creations in manga...
who knows how it'll turn out.
But there's no time until the deadline.
When you're doing the under-sketching, let's revise it a bit.
Okay?
Got it.
Don't worry, the readers will judge them on their content.
KOOGY said he was suspending doing music work!
What a shock, I really liked his outfits.
He said he was becoming a mangaka.
And that the KOOGY world is going to shake the world of manga this time.
First he's gonna be an entry in the something-Cup in Shounen Jack.
And he asked that we all support him.
Do you mean the Golden Future Cup?
Ah right, that's it.
But that KOOGY's pretty clever.
Even though it's just the day after the announcement, he's got posters like this everywhere.
Well, it doesn't matter.
I like KOOGY, so I'll support him.
And when his manga becomes an anime, maybe I can audition for the heroine role!
Oh, you just wanna meet KOOGY don't you?
Well, I'm cheering him on too.
I'm a real fan.
Then the three of us should do it together!
You will too, Miho-chan, right?
Y-Yeah...
Junior group, please get ready to perform soon.
Okay!
Let's make sure we make this event a success!
Right!
We've gotta work hard to make everyone happy!
Amazing! They're all boys!
You're right.
Everyone, sorry to keep you waiting.
Looks like it's starting!
The Seivijyo chorus club junior three!
H-Hello everyone.
Today we'll sing for the Seivijyo arts festival...
Miho looks pretty nervous.
Good luck Sis!
So please listen.
Symphony Just Before Dawn.
There's nothing else quite like it...
It's still as destructive as how it sounded before.
Sorry.
Please don't give up on those feelings.
Let them all out!
Loving you.
Missing you.
It's heartrending.
and feels like my heart is going to break.
Oh, I can't watch!
Go ahead and watch.
Look how hard Miho's trying.
That breath, that body of beauty,
I'm so happy just from gazing at it.
Hey you two, check this out!
What's this for?
There was a Seivijyo event today in Akihabara.
Afterwards, I made sure to take a picture like this.
Why didn't you tell us?
Well, Azuki was embarrassed of course, so she told me not to say anything.
It's even gonna be on TV, who cares?
Takagi, you don't understand the hearts of young girls.
That's probably why you're so bad at writing cute heroines in manga.
I don't need help like that.
Miho worked really hard at it.
Well, she could still use some work on her singing,
but by the time she was talking and stuff, by working very hard to get better,
she spoke ten times more than normal.
Really? Even though she's such a shy person...
Yeah, everyone was really happy.
Who's it from.
Azuki.
Please don't tell her I showed you that photo, okay?
Miho'll get angry.
Are you really that much of an idiot?
What did Azuki say?
She said she believes we can get 1st in the Golden Future Cup.
Really?
Sorry, Shuujin.
I think I'll redraw that name after all!
Saikou, are you serious about re-drawing the name?
Eh? Do you have that much time?
No, but if we don't, we won't be able to beat the other entrants!
I see. Well, then I'll be cheering you on.
Next time, Tuesday and Friday.
Everyone's dreams will finally be attained!
