Eiji, some people from Shounen Jack are here to see you.
Niizuma-kun, this is the editor-in-chief, Sasaki-san
Niizuma-kun...?
This is quite a room.
About moving to Tokyo, I actually have one condition.
Condition?
If I become the number one most popular author in Jack,
please give me the power to end one manga that I hate.
WWhat are you talking about, Niizuma-kun?!
Obviously we can't do anything like that.
What a cruel joke...
I want that to be my motivation, though.
The most popular author?
That's quite a wonderful goal.
Once you learn the harshness of being a pro firsthand
and you've risen to the true forefront of Jack,
if you still think that,
then at that time, ask me again.
I see.
I understand. I'll go to Tokyo.
The fact that he backed off so easily means he's still a kid...
No, could it be that he was testing me...?
Saikou.
They're just in text form, but I wrote out summaries for a bunch of stories.
Tell me if you like any of them.
What did you think?
Well, none of them were boring, but...
Honestly, in terms of what we could use...
I get it.
Then try these.
I wrote these four just now.
That was fast.
Was there anything you thought was particularly good?
Of what you've done so far, I'm thinking Usagi to Camera.
TL Note: Usagi to Camera = Rabbit and Camera
That one?
That didn't really stand out to me.
Want to try looking in the library?
Hey, are you all right?
I'm fine...
I wasn't looking where I was going.
Well, see you tomorrow.
See ya.
Shuujin!
Sorry...
About what?
When it gets down to it, this is because of my selfishness.
But still...
you're working incredibly hard, Shuujin, so...
I'm sorry.
Don't get me wrong.
I still want to support you and Azuki.
It was pretty frustrating for me, not even getting to the final selection for the monthly award.
But I've really got a we'll do it this time kind of feeling, so I've been having fun.
Acting weird?
Really weird.
I've been getting the feeling that Takagi's totally exhausted.
Is that so?
The top of our class is pulling all-nighters?
Do you think he has to study that hard to get into the school he wants to go to?
Hey, Miho, are you listening?
I... am going to become a mangaka! I came to confess that to you!
I'm going to be drawing the art, and he's doing the stories.
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Hey!
Kaya, you sure are paying close attention to Takagi-kun, aren't you?
So you like him that much?
What are you talking about?!
I'm just a little interested in him because he confessed to me!
Hm?
What's that Hm supposed to mean?
What did you think?
Ichi Oku Bun No is interesting!
TL Note: Ichi Oku Bun No = Out of 100 Million
That's the one I had confidence in!
The main character is the same age as us.
Yeah.
I thought around fifteen would be good.
It's a shounen manga
so I think he should be filled with an honest sense of justice.
I think it would be good to add some allies.
That's standard.
They're absolutely necessary.
And let's give them all specialties.
We decided, didn't we?
This time we'll polish it together.
Even if we would like to, there isn't much time.
Twenty days until the deadline for the Tezuka Award.
All right!
Today will be our first time at the workplace in a long time!
Yeah!
Ichi Oku Bun No.
In the near future, humans are assigned ranks by a giant computer built by the government.
When you turn fifteen, a machine is embedded in your brain and body.
Every night at midnight, a counter in your brain displays your rank in the country you're in.
People of lower rank going against people of higher ranks than them is considered a crime.
In the worst cases, poison is run through their body, killing the person.
The main characters try to stop the world that has ranks attached to it.
They end up fighting the people of high rank who are happy with the status quo.
But it becomes clear that the giant computer is controlling people through attaching the ranks.
It develops into a battle between humans and machines that possess intelligence.
Then, from here, there'll be a flash battle.
If we have them fight robots with murder weapons that the computer created or something,
it really would be like a shounen manga.
Let's have the main characters have some weapons, too.
In that case, make it katanas.
Katanas?
It's a common feature of popular manga.
Naruto, One Piece, Bleach, Gintama...
In plenty of others, too, katanas and sword-like things show up a lot.
Now that you mention it, I guess you're right.
I never noticed it before.
Well that's because nobody analyzes things like that while reading them.
Then, let's give them beam sabers!
That'll fit with the view of this world perfectly.
Done!
All right!
II don't believe it.
It feels like it's a miracle, this is so interesting!
Yeah.
I was able to do artwork that I'm satisfied with for it!
We can do it.
We can do it!
With this, we can definitely take the Tezuka Award!
What's with this silence?
Could it be that it's no good?
Is he so amazed he can't assess it or something?
Is it worse than last time?
This is several levels better than last time.
I'm surprised.
In both the story and the artwork, you got rid of the things I pointed out.
It's much better.
The story is especially good.
Yes, sir!
It's because this time, I took lots of opinions from Mashiro too!
This idea of giving them beam sabers is good, too.
The action looks much better.
That's because of Mashiro's ideas, too!
I'm the one who said, Put in katanas, though.
It's because katanas show up so much in the current popular manga.
I'm glad.
Hattori-san's evaluation wasn't bad either.
Just maybe...
I see.
Oh, right.
Today is September the thirtieth.
Do you want to submit this for the Tezuka Award?
Yes!
Now that I think of it...
We're definitely going to get something in for the next Tezuka Award!
That means, in order to make it in time for this...
Maybe they can do it...
No, this will do it.
You guys drink coffee, right?
Is that okay?
The results for the Tezuka Award come out in November.
Until then, all you can do is wait quietly.
So for your next work, try drawing something that can be run in NEXT! in mind.
NEXT!?
You know about it, right?
Shounen Jack NEXT!
The special version of Shounen Jack that runs three times a year.
TL Note: This is based on the magazine Shounen Jump NEXT!
TL Note: Its name was changed from Akamaru Jump in April 2010.
It has newcomers, of course,
and works of authors who have experience being serialized are also run in it.
They say that if your skills are recognized here, it opens the door to the main magazine.
Like a gateway to success magazine.
OOf course.
Our work in there?
Don't be so surprised.
If this places in the Tezuka Award, the next stop will be your debut.
Yes, but it's not certain we'll place yet, right?
That's true, but...
Even if you can't place,
with the quality this has, you wouldn't be embarrassed no matter where you put it.
That's what I think.
So for your next work, draw with the goal of it definitely appearing in print.
I did have confidence, but to think we did that well...
That story is interesting.
I think we can make it, too.
Really?
Well then I guess I can honestly be happy.
For now, it looks like I've graduated from writing things suited to being light novels.
The story's especially good.
The story is interesting.
If we don't make it, that means my drawings were...
If we're going up against pros in NEXT!,
then my art needs to be on a higher level.
If this places in the Tezuka Award, the next stop will be your debut.
If we place... our debut as mangakas.
No good?
Nothing shined at all, Takagi-kun.
Were the previous ones flukes?
To be honest, I'm worried about the Tezuka Award.
If I'm wondering about whether or not we can place in it, I can't concentrate.
I know!
I've been practicing drawing, but inside my head that's all I can think about.
Placing, debuting, and then getting serialized or something...
All I can imagine is good things happening.
Yeah, yeah.
I know it's naive, but I can't help but think about it.
Hattori-san said that the results would come out in November.
Not for another month, huh?
Hello?
Your mid-terms are coming up soon, what're you doing?
Eh?
Please hurry and come home!
Ah, Shuujin?
No way...
How?
I'm not getting any good ideas.
It's already been three weeks since we promised Hattori-san.
Everyone is surprised you got third.
For what?
The mid-term.
Yeah.
It's really no problem.
My grades are more than enough to get into North High.
But...
Never mind that.
The name, the name.
One that we can say is good enough to run in NEXT!
I know.
How about a story about a mangaka who gets a machine that keeps producing names one after the other?
What's that supposed to be?
In that case all he'd need to do is make the manuscripts.
A name is only half the process.
It's no good.
My ideas have gone bad.
Maybe I won't be able to write anything good anymore.
Don't get so serious.
It's Yuueisha!
Why?
It's still only October.
FFor now, just pick up.
Hello, this is Takagi.
It's Hattori from Jack.
Thanks for calling.
Are you guys drawing?
Eh... Yeah, sort of.
Actually, it's about the Tezuka Award.
WWhat is it?
You got into the final eight!
Really?
The final judging is on November the tenth,
so I'll call you again when I get the results.
But at this point, you can be sure at least your names will get printed.
Really?
Yes.
Yes!
I understand.
Yes.
Yes. Thanks for the call.
We're in the final eight.
He said now the chance of getting an award is fifty percent.
Aw man, a fifty percent chance that we will place!
IIs that so?
In previous Tezuka Awards, of the last seven,
there was one finalist and three honorable mentions.
The fact that we got this far makes me really feel like we can do it.
Hattori-san gave us a great review.
If it keeps up, we could end up winning a prize.
Winning a prize...
Winning a prize in the Tezuka Award!
Azuki-san, I've done it.
You're amazing Mashiro-kun.
Congratulations!
Until the results come in, I'm not going to be able to concentrate!
Want to stop until the announcement?
Can we do that with NEXT! and all?
But with this light and fluffy feeling,
it doesn't feel like we could do anything good anyway, right?
Yeah, probably not.
LLooks like it's finally here.
Yeah.
I haven't been able to calm down in all the days leading up to it.
But the day itself isn't exactly calming either!
Don't say that!
You're making me nervous!
II wonder if they'll have an award ceremony.
WWell, I don't know.
Hey, your uncle got an honorable mention in the Akatsuka Award, didn't he?
Did you hear anything about it from him?
I don't know, I wasn't born yet.
Ah... Right.
II think I'll read some manga.
For a time like this I'm thinking... Dragon Ball.
Shuujin, isn't that all you read?
It's just, I really don't know what to read!
Don't cry, I'm sorry.
It's not working.
None of it's going into my head.
I hope that call comes soon!
I just thought, maybe they won't call today.
Hattori-san said that the final judging was today, but...
he didn't say we'd know the results today.
He didn't say what time the meeting was, either.
A little while ago, I realized that depending on how it goes,
it could last late into the night.
In that case...
LLet's try calling ourselves!
It'll be okay to contact Hattori-san, right?
We don't know anybody else.
Yeah, but he also gave us his email.
RRight. Which should I do?
Email, er, no maybe...
Which one?!
It doesn't matter!
I'm asking you to pick one!
HHere it is!
This... This is Takagi.
It didn't make it past the final selection...
There are four prizes from the placing finalists to the honorable mentions,
but they said ours wasn't good enough.
Seriously?
Even after getting praised that much, it was no good...
Is it all right for us to believe Hattori-san?
The story is especially good.
BBut we did get further than last time, right?
We didn't even get into the final selection for the monthly award.
But this time...
I can't tell Azuki.
I can't...
Three plans for NEXT!
Honestly, I wanted to write more, but...
I haven't gotten back up to pace yet.
But we can never give up.
We're still just gamblers, aren't we?
An anime by eighteen, right?
Yeah!
I don't think it's bad, but...
Well, let's think it over carefully.
It's Mashiro, right?
Ishizawa...?
So, well...
I saw it. Jack.
What's this drawing supposed to be?
It isn't manga artwork at all.
You must have done a lot like this, eh?
You embarrassed?
You're so mean, Ishizawa-kun.
Ishizawa, what do you want?
Oh, it's the story author, Takagi-kun.
So the reason you lost your top spot in the grades,
is because you were drawing manga with Mashiro, eh?
That has nothing to do with you.
Compared to this guy who won and was also a finalist, Niizuma Eiji,
do you know what the difference is?
It's the drawings, the drawings.
Honestly, both stories were about a four out of five.
But his artwork is a five, and yours is a three.
A three if I'm going easy.
So in other words, Takagi has talent but Mashiro's pulling him down.
Ishizawa-kun, you're being too brutally honest.
Well it's the truth, what choice do I have?
Hey...
You...
Shuujin, stop!
It's true my drawings aren't on par with his.
See? There it is from the man himself.
Have you ever once drawn a thirty-one page manga?!
Nope.
But I could do much better than this piece of crap.
See?
If you team up with me, we could definitely
Shuujin!
Apologize to Mashiro!
WWhat're you doing?
I'm telling a teacher!
I don't care who you tell!
I'm telling you to apologize!
Woah, that Takagi sure has guts!
II guess so.
But manga? Takagi's doing manga?!
II guess so.
Next time: Regret and Understanding
It must be nice to have a dream!
