I have a condition.
Tell me all about Nana-san.
I don't know much about her.
I want to hear about your feelings for her, and once I sort out my feelings about them...
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 17 ...
Yano... class isn't over yet.
Takahashi, let's go.
Um... there's a student council meeting today.
He was declined!
C-Come with me for a sec.
I haven't decided whether I want to go out with you again just yet.
Though I think you already know that...
Y-Yeah.
For now, which is better for you? Saturday or Sunday?
Either!
Then... let's meet in front of the station at 11 AM on Saturday.
This isn't a date or anything, okay?
Yeah.
All right!
When he looks so happy like that, my feelings get mixed up...
Whoa...
You can really see the shock...
I think you already know, but...
Do you really understand?
I do.
Do you really understand?
I said I do.
You thought she'd be all yours again if you went with her today, didn't you?
Bullseye
Now that I think about it, this may have made things a little more strange...
I told him to tell me all about Nana-san, but now I wonder if this will really work...
I'm not sure what there is to say... I met her in my second year of middle school...
So, what more can you determine from that?
Even if you say that... I don't really know how to respond...
If Takahashi and Nana-san were swept out to sea and were drowning, who would you save first?
If you could only put it simply like that...
Put it simply...
Anyway, let's get something to eat first.
Ah... this place has a buffet.
I wonder if I'm trying to affirm...
Want a slice?
Thanks.
You need something?
Not at all!
I can't believe you still have the picture.
I've misjudged you.
Say whatever you'd like.
Ah, Yano, it's not like that...
How so?
Where's Yano...?
Takahashi, do you have the picture Yano was using for his background?
The one of you in the yukata.
I sent it to you before, remember?
Ah... yeah.
What do you need it for?
Just something.
If you can do it, and do it well, I'll give you this as a present.
You...!
Didn't you tell me you erased it?!
I asked you over and over, but you kept telling me you didn't have it, didn't you?!
What?
N-Never mind.
It's nothing...
Now that you mention it, why'd you delete your background?
Note: The following scene is a series of very Japanese puns.
A gorilla!
Er, Gouda Takeshi.
A hook-up...
Go take a shit?
We're eating right now...
A hook-up party?
Lovely Complex?
Note: Love Com, another shoujo manga.
It was a hook-up party, wasn't it?
A general contractor?
I see... so you went to a hook-up party...
Note: An actor.
Sankhon?
I can't believe you.
No, umm, you see...
Please let me explain! Umm, it was...
You said you'd wait for me, and you went to a hook-party?
No... I kinda got caught in the flow, and...
When was it?
J-July?
Pretty soon afterwards, I see!
No... they forced me to go...
You tried to find a new girlfriend!
Of course... I wouldn't do something like that.
You're the only girl I can see.
I'm going to be pulled back in by Yano...
I'm gonna leave for the day.
I doubt he'll say anything else about Nana-san today, anyway.
Why don't you two try having a normal date now?
Even with the condition of him telling you about Nana-san...
Why don't you try becoming a little more honest with your feelings?
But everything will just get messed up again if I start going with my emotions, won't it?
Takahashi... are you sure it's not Moto but you who's obsessed with Nana-san?
If you can't bring yourself to believe in him, what's meant to be won't be.
Huh? Where'd Take go?
He went home.
Lucky me!
It's your fault.
Because you wouldn't talk to me.
Why do you think we met today?
Is there anywhere else you want to go today?
Let's drink! Drink up!
It's just juice, though.
Don't be so depressed, Take-chan!
You guys... what the hell?
Now, now, don't be such a stranger!
We're throwing a consolation party!
We always think of our friends!
Can I say something here?
I've... I've...
I've already been confessed to by two different girls this school year.
Seriously?!
Why didn't you go out with them?
How can I go with them if I don't feel anything towards them?
Why don't you try going out and feel something for them later?
If I could do that... I'd force my way and steal her from him... but...
At the root of things, those two have mutual love for each other...
Mutual Love
Mutual love... sure sounds nice...
Sure does...
It's Li'l Mi. What's up with that?
Because he was annoying me, I teased him a little.
During last year's summer festival, she was desperately looking for Moto...
So much that she was out of breath...
If it were me, she wouldn't have to find me...
Save
Move
Erase
Attach file to Text Message
I guess I really don't need this...
It's still too early to give up.
What the hell?
You guys are his allies, aren't you?
But you know...
He's no good unless he has a girl.
He's the type of guy who's no good unless he has a girl to support him.
That's not what I meant.
He's the type who always needs someone to protect.
Someone to protect? What's up with that? Sounds like it'd be a pain.
It'd be so much easier without something like that.
I agree, but people always shine the brightest when they have someone to protect.
And I don't know if he's realized it himself, but...
And that's probably what's making things so difficult for him.
Huh? Was it during the first year of middle school...
It was her first marriage.
I think his mom sees his current dad as her first husband.
Guess that's it for today.
It's just a normal date now.
Mind if I get changed?
I'll wait here.
Okay. I'll be right out.
I can't believe I came all the way out to his house...
But it's only for today!
Tada!
What? You got a dog?
What breed is he?
I dunno.
It's probably just a mutt.
It's the one that was abandoned in front of Take's place.
It's gotten so big!
Or maybe fat!
Is that seriously the same puppy?
Puppies grow, too!
Ah, I'm such a moron. That dog made me so soft...
What's its name?
La...
La?
Lala.
Lala? That's a cute name.
So it's a girl.
You seem like you'd be a really caring dad, unexpectedly.
What the heck's that supposed to mean?
I just get that feeling.
Actually, you haven't really seemed that family-oriented, but...
My dream is to have a warm household with three kids, a big dog, and a basketball net in my driveway.
Three kids, huh?
I'd prefer just one, I think.
Huh? That's no good!
If you only had one, the kid wouldn't have anyone to play with, right?
Try a little harder!
Maybe two at most, I guess.
One girl and one boy.
That's no good, either! You have to have two boys!
It's not like I'm going to marry you, so...
That was kinda mean...
If you had two boys, they could still play catch with each other even when dad's at work.
I've never done anything with my dad before.
The only memories I have of my dad are from what my mom's told me.
She said he died soon after I was born.
He died young from disease.
This is the first time Yano's told me about his dad...
Apparently, he was athletic and a swimmer.
During his school years, he got his name on some plaque at a Hokkaido event.
She's told me so many times, I've been able to form an image of him...
In fourth grade, I asked my mom...
Do you have a picture of Dad?
Show me what Dad looks like.
And then...
Take a good look in the mirror.
Look, your dad's right there!
You look just like him when he was ten.
You're the splitting image of him.
So cheerful, a prankster, smart and handsome...
Year after year, it's shocking how much you're becoming like him.
Apparently, he and I are like two peas in a pod.
She always said that.
Like two peas in a pod?
I wanna see! I would've loved to have seen that.
Because your face will look like your dad's when you grow up, right?
I did see him.
Really? Was there a picture? How'd he look?
I couldn't really tell.
Go fetch!
Ah, thanks.
You brought it back to me. Good dog.
Ah... her collar has her name and Yano's telephone number on it.
How cute!
Lalami
Lala... mi?
My chest hurts...
I'm going home.
There's not much more we can do today anyway.
Let me walk you to the bus stop.
If he says any more... I feel like I'll give in...
What is it?
Can't we... hold hands?
Obviously we can't.
I guess that means... we can't kiss, either?
Obviously.
Bus
Then...
A goodbye handshake.
I'm probably... being a terrible tease to Yano.
Dodging his actions and being mean... as if I were taunting him with a bait.
I don't have enough strength to believe in him.
Thank you... for today.
Everyone's words keep coming and going...
I do know my own feelings...
But belief in him... needs the strength of my will to support it.
Yano... I'm...
Ah, Motoharu, your timing's great.
Could you carry that flowerpot over here for me?
Which one?
That one. The Felicite Parmentier.
Fe... Feli?
The one that had white flowers over the summer.
All right...
Heavy!
W-Where do you want it?
Next to the Constance Spry.
C-Con?
The roses over there.
When did you make this arch?
Doesn't it look nice?
Come spring, it'll be covered in pink flowers.
Isn't it dreamy?
M-Makes you almost impatient for it to come, huh?
Looks like you're having a hard time talking with me again, like long ago.
During elementary school...
It's my fault, isn't it?
Not really... it's just that I've become an adult.
My dad's a swimmer, and he got first place all the time in high school competitions!
That's why I'm gonna be a swimmer, just like him!
Buy you're his bastard.
What's a bastard?
Is it a kind of sausage?
Sensei! Yano-kun's fighting again!
All right! How was that?
We can't seem to get the time down...
Sign: Swimming Preliminary Matches
Hey... why do you always stare into the mirror before a match?
Is it some kind of superstition or something?
It helps me concentrate.
Don't be so sad. You gave it all you had.
You did great.
I couldn't get first place...
But you got second place. That's great.
Aren't you disappointed in me?
Of course not!
You're my son, so I'm proud of you.
Motoharu. Let's go to the hospital.
Hurry and get ready.
Go home, you guys!
What? Did something happen?
Um... we're probably gonna see someone, like last time.
The husband of one of Mom's best friends.
Take a good look at him.
He looks like a skeleton... it makes me sick...
Please just look at him today.
Since... he's your father.
Isn't he the husband of one of your friends...?
Then... am I Mrs. Michiko's son...?
You're my son.
Motoharu...
I found someone I want to marry...
And you really need a father figure at your age, don't you?
Why...
Even if I want them to be there, they always leave me...
Old Messages
Options
Sub-Menu
Takahashi, next time I'll properly talk about Nana-san, So, please meet with me again.
And even if I don't want that... it keeps happening anyway.
My hopes are never fulfilled...
And my good luck never lasts for very long...
My life never goes the way I want it to.
Even so...
Nanami
Okay. -Nanami
Believing that, I continue to live on...
I continue to live...
Ima kimi ga iikaketa kotoba ga
Yubisaki ni sotto oritekita
Nanimo iwanakute ii yo
Tsumaida yubi wo gyutto atatamete
Kotoba wa kotoba dakara kokoro hanbun mo tsutaenai kara
Setsunakute modokashikute yuuyake futari wo tsutsundeiru
Komiageru mune no omoi kokoro ga itai yo
Moshi kimi ga tabibito ni nattara
Kore gurai kimi wo matteru darou
Kisetsu wa kawaru sono tabi ni
Kioku ga usuragu koto ga attemo
dareka wo konna fuu ni kokoro ippai de aisenai kara
Mamaritai taisetsu na kimi
Itsu datte futari wa hitori ja nai
Kono mune ga kawaresou de
Furete hoshii yo
Setsunakute modokashikute kaerenai kono mama aruiteitai
Yabaisaki ni kanjiteiru kokoro no kotoba wo
The words you were just about to say
fell softly onto my fingertips.
You don't have to say anything.
I'll clasp your hand tightly and warm it up.
Because words are words, I can't express half of the feelings in my heart.
It's so wrenching and irritating as the sunset engulfs the two of us.
My heart aches from all the feelings welling up inside of me.
If you were to become a traveler,
would I be able to wait for you as I do now?
As the seasons change,
even if our memories are to fade.
I wouldn't be able to love someone with all of my heart like this.
I want to protect the precious you.
The two of us are never alone.
My heart feels so fragile
and I want you to touch it.
It's so wrenching and irritating that I can't go home. I want to keep walking like this.
I feel the words from your heart on my fingertips.
Episode 18 Preview...
I really think Nana-san loved you a whole lot, Yano!
I'm sure she's regretting it even now!
I'm sure she's regretting leaving you behind!
She could just die for making you so sad!
And I'm sure, even now...
I'm sorry... I can't make you happy.
