I was being too selfish and couldn't realize how lost and confused you were.
I'm not lost or confused.
I have no intention of splitting up with you.
Don't worry about me, and really think about it.
Right now, you really need to think about what's important to you and what you should do.
I'll be all right.
No matter what choice you make, I'll wait.
We can't break away from each other so easily anymore.
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 25 ...
Isn't it still early to be looking at the exam prep books?
I wanted to see the questions they've asked in previous years.
J University... J University...
I'm not sure if she hasn't decided yet, of if he still doesn't know what to do...
Here you go.
Thanks.
Since he hasn't given me an answer yet, it probably means he's thinking about it in his own way.
I heard their English exam's really hard, so I'm kinda worried about how much I need to know...
Let's see.
Takahashi... if you actually get into J University, I'll respect you for the rest of my life.
Don't you mean you'll have the privilege of respecting me?
Christmas is doomsday...
Huh? But isn't Yano moving on the 24th?
And he still hasn't given you an answer?
Yeah.
It's almost December! Will things really be all right?
But I'm the one who told him it's okay to go...
And besides, even in the worst case scenario, we'll only be apart for a year and I'm prepared for that.
Yeah. It's only a year.
And it's not definite that Yano's going to transfer schools.
Let's start with your weak point, those long reading passages.
Yeah.
Yano...
Yeah?
You didn't have to apply to the College of H...
I'm sorry. I saw your questionnaire.
Trying to get into a public and national university at the same time...
You won't be able to keep up, and you'll fail both exams-
Don't worry about it.
Just think about yourself, Takahashi.
Let's both do as much we can right now.
You don't have to worry about me.
You're not fair!
Yano, you're not fair!
What now?
He always... takes hold of me so tightly like this.
And it's so frustrating, but I'm going to throw myself into those collage exams!
Bathroom break.
Okay.
Takahashi.
Don't slack off.
I-I'm working on it.
Huh...?
I wonder how long a year apart from someone really is...
It's really gotten cold all of sudden, huh?
Really? It seems the same as usual to me...
Maybe...
Yano, why is your hand always so warm?
Because my heart is always so warm... huh?
Note: There's a common superstition that people with cold hands have warm hearts, and vice versa.
You have things backwards.
Then, why is your hand so cold, Takahashi?
Because I have a warm heart.
What's so funny?
Hey... let me take you somewhere nice.
The other day, I found something that looks exactly like you.
It's probably just another thing like this, isn't it?
It's a puppy...
I thought its eyes were kinda like yours, well-separated and all.
It's so cute...
Should I catch it for you?
That's all right. You'll just waste your money.
I'd get it on the first try.
How boring.
I promised...
I swore to myself...
But right now... the warmth of Yano's hand is beginning to lead me astray.
This isn't like you.
Being all wishy-washy about the decision.
Though it's understandable.
It's a lose-lose situation always leading to regret.
But in that case, isn't it the same whichever you pick?
Hey.
The more you tease Takahashi like this, the harder it's going to be on her.
It may seem cruel, but if you're gonna go, just tell her.
She normally doesn't complain very much, you know?
And she acts appropriately to the time and place.
Because she knows that I only have a mom...
This whole thing is just weird to begin with.
Mom's not a little girl, but she's not really that mature either, even at forty-two.
You want me to say I can't leave her alone? It's just a year.
But she got married on her own, got divorced on her own, and decided on her new workplace all by herself.
Without caring one a bit about her son, who has entrance exams coming up.
That one year...
Why she couldn't have just waited one more year to get divorced?
It's not like your mom asked you to go with her...
Am I supposed to pretend like I didn't feel my mom asking me to go...
This totally sucks.
I wonder if Takahashi's really that strong?
Are you sure you're not just giving her time...?
Are you sure you don't see her beginning to regret what she said, so you're purposely delaying your decision?
If Takahashi told me not to go... I might not be able to go.
Takahashi.
A-Ah, yes?!
Wanna stop by the library today?
Ah, umm... I have a student council meeting today, so go on ahead. It'll take some time.
Oh.
Sorry.
I guess I should pick out a present soon.
I see. Well, you'd better talk to your mother about this.
Sensei... here's the day book.
Good work.
Day book
Umm, when's the closing ceremony?
December 24th, remember? Just like every year.
T-That's right...
I haven't received transfer papers from anyone yet.
Why am I so relieved...? Wasn't I prepared for this?
But... a whole year is a long time.
It's a lot longer than I first thought...
It's a long time.
Huh? It's strange of you to come over this late, Nana!
What's the matter?
Nothing much...
Come on in.
Want some hot chocolate?
I'd love some.
I found a lot of potential presents for him today.
Lemme see, lemme see!
Ah, this pendant! It'd really suit him!
Your really think so? Do you really think it's good?
They actually come in pairs, with one for a girl, too.
I've never been interested in that couple look, but I thought this might be nice!
We can wear them every day, and we can think of each other when we're apart, right?
I-I'm just giving an example.
Like when we're both at home or something. That whole feeling being together all day is great, right?
Yeah...
Mizu-chin, I...
Nana...
I regret telling him that it's okay to go...
What am I going to do? I didn't understand a thing...
What it would mean for Yano to leave...
That I wouldn't be able to see him...
I can't imagine a world without him...
What it would mean for Yano to leave...
That I wouldn't be able to see him...
I didn't understand a thing.
I can't imagine a world without him.
But even if I'm finally realizing it, it's too late.
Wow...
Takeuchi-kun.
You're even studying here?
While waiting for Yano.
Whoa... mnemonics.
I'm pretty good at them.
You're pretty amazing.
Have you been well?
Yeah.
Er, have a seat.
You sure?
In order to.
You got it!
I'm still only in part two of the book, though.
You'll see in no time.
W-What is it?
Are you in shock that the school I'm trying to get into is a stretch for me?
Please don't think I'm craz-
I take back what I said the other day. I think it's perfect for you.
You take back what you said...?
Ah, Yano. You're late.
I finished most of part two.
Ah, gonna run to the girl's room.
We only went through some problems together.
I know.
After you leave, though, this is probably how our time together will be spent.
I take back what I said the other day. I think it's perfect for you.
No, no. Don't get distracted.
I wonder if there's still time left...
Yano
T-That surprised me.
Yoo-hoo!
Y-Y-Yoo-hoo.
What were you just doing?
I was thinking of something stupid.
I thought of something stupid.
Hey, look outside.
Hi!
Hey, what time do you think it is?
If my parents see me, I'm toast! Let's get to the park!
Where?
Shh! You're too loud.
How'd you get here?
By bus!
By bus? That last one's already left.
Why'd he suddenly come over so late...?
Did he... come up with his answer?
You're so mean. And after I bought you coffee, too.
Sorry.
I'm sorry, Takahashi.
He doesn't even know how I feel.
Takahashi.
If... I were...
If I were to become an adult, and I had nothing...
That's... a proposal, isn't it?
Maybe.
That surprised me.
You made me lose the moment, moron.
How old is an adult? Twenty?
I dunno.
When you can live on your own without your parents having to look after you?
I'll be an adult soon.
I'll be an adult soon, and I'll be the one doing protecting, not the one being protected.
I won't let anyone have anything to complain about.
Nobody will be left with heart wrenching feelings.
Not my mother, not my family, not my woman. This I swear.
I'll definitely become someone who can protect them.
Yeah...
The lips of the one dearest to me were quivering softly in the moonlight.
I'm sorry, Yano.
I'm sorry.
Even if it was just for a second, I'm embarrassed I made such a fuss over this.
It's as if this winter sky was meant to test the strength of my heart.
Are those feelings disrespectful of others?
I want to live only for him.
Last night?
Yeah.
I remember having a dream.
A dream?
We all had a blast at Take's... and after I got a little dozy, you appeared in my dream.
We had some problems, you got mad that you were wrong...
What a mysterious dream...
Yeah.
You were crying.
You said you regretted it.
You said you really didn't understand anything.
What were you regretting?
I might still... make it in time.
I might still make it.
That was just a dream. I don't regret anything.
Yano, you weirdo! Taking your dreams so seriously.
Yano, people are watching!
He saw straight through me.
Our feelings are as clear as day.
We might regret this.
We might never know what would've been best.
We may not know whether we're following fate or fighting it...
Oh, look! It's you, Nanami!
She's still in there.
Geez...
Nana-chaaan!
My heart...
G-Get it for me.
All right!
My wish is for Yano's dream to come true.
Yes... my wishes will become Yano's wishes...
That's how we'll continue to support each other, right?
Let's leave what lies in our future to the future.
I couldn't get it...
You wasted all your money...
Nanami bought this for him.
I thought you were good at that game.
I just used up all of my energy. Darn it.
Is something wrong?
No... today's just pretty chilly, so my heart feels tight.
It sure is snowing a lot this year.
Ah... see? There goes my heart, clenching up again...
Clenching up... like it's carving this moment into itself...
Like the sound of us walking through the snow...
Like it's measuring my feelings for you...
Dinner tonight's that stew you love.
Mom, I'd like to get my allowance early.
What are you going to spend it on?
I want to spend Christmas with my girlfriend.
You see...
This year's Christmas present is...
Tada! A full day at the Asahigawa Zoological Park!
No way! No way!
It's no Disneyland, but you can go?
No way...
For... Christmas?
Yeah! I'll definitely go!
Really? Awesome!
We'll be able... to spend it together.
Yano's going to stay behi-
Available Days
It's...
I could hear the beating of my heart.
I'm sorry, Takahashi...
I'm going...
Yeah.
I'll be fine...
I'll be fine.
I won't regret the regrettable.
I accepted that paradox...
Ima kimi ga iikaketa kotoba ga
Yubisaki ni sotto oritekita
Nanimo iwanakute ii yo
Tsumaida yubi wo gyutto atatamete
Kotoba wa kotoba dakara kokoro hanbun mo tsutaenai kara
Setsunakute modokashikute yuuyake futari wo tsutsundeiru
Komiageru mune no omoi kokoro ga itai yo
Moshi kimi ga tabibito ni nattara
Kore gurai kimi wo matteru darou
Kisetsu wa kawaru sono tabi ni
Kioku ga usuragu koto ga attemo
Dareka wo konna fuu ni kokoro ippai de aisenai kara
Mamaritai taisetsu na kimi
Itsu datte futari wa hitori ja nai
Kono mune ga kawaresou de
Furete hoshii yo
Setsunakute modokashikute kaerenai kono mama aruiteitai
Yabaisaki ni kanjiteiru kokoro no kotoba wo
The words you were just about to say
fell softly onto my fingertips.
You don't have to say anything.
I'll clasp your hand tightly and warm it up.
Because words are words, I can't express half of the feelings in my heart.
It's so wrenching and irritating as the sunset engulfs the two of us.
My heart aches from all the feelings welling up inside of me.
If you were to become a traveler,
would I be able to wait for you as I do now?
As the seasons change,
even if our memories are to fade.
I wouldn't be able to love someone with all of my heart like this.
I want to protect the precious you.
The two of us are never alone.
Me heart feels so fragile
and I want you to touch it.
It's so wrenching and irritating that I can't go home. I want to keep walking like this.
I feel the words from your heart on my fingertips.
Final Episode Preview...
We were all indeed here.
We lived here...
I came to love him...
I loved her...
Receiving so many beginnings and countless feelings...
Learning each other's strengths and weaknesses...
We... were indeed here.
