It's the same as that day...
Yano's heart is about to open up to me...
I see...
So that's how it was...
Then, this time...
Understanding the importance of this step forward, we can look even further ahead.
Yano...
You pass.
We'll just keep looking forward.
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 19 ...
What? You made up with Yano?!
Are you really sure about this?
Yeah.
When you say yeah like that... did you really think this over?
Sure you're not just getting caught in the flow of things?
Well, I just couldn't leave him alone anymore.
See? You really did just get caught in the flow again.
Maybe...
Maybe? Really...
But...
Now that I've decided to start over, I'm going to see it through.
Well... if you're that determined, we'll still cheer you on.
Whoa, what's up with that?
Did those two hook up again?
Not bad!
Hey, any of you guys free tomorrow?
What's up?
I'm holding a hook-up party.
With who?
Some fresh new girls.
I just can't get enough guys to come. Anyone wanna go?
What about you, Take?
Ah, don't bother asking him.
His type never goes to hook-up parties.
I'll go.
What?! Really?!
Really.
What's gotten into you...?
Wanna meet at the usual place tomorrow?
Yeah. I'll call you when I leave.
Okay.
As if nothing had happened...
Yano's going to come over for the first time in a while.
I think I'll get Mom pick to up some cake.
The same old peaceful days...
But I want to believe that those days will become something incredibly irreplaceable.
What is it?
Are you heading out?
Yeah.
What time will you be back?
Late. Did something happen?
Ah, no... it can wait for another time.
Have a nice time.
Going... somewhere?
Um... yeah, just heading out for a bit.
You?
I'm heading for a bit, too.
Don't sit next to me!
They probably already have the wrong idea since we got on the bus together!
Then stand up!
You sure know how to make things awkward.
I could say the same to you.
Everything went well between you and Takahashi, didn't it?
You're going on a date today, aren't you?
Why can't you even tell me that much?
Are you trying to keep your guard up?
Not really...
You've been like this since middle school.
And don't give me the whole apology routine, either.
It'll only piss me off more.
This time...
You went and told me I'd regret it, declared war, and put me though hell.
That's why I tied you up and tore apart any chance I saw you having.
I was desperate.
But you're just gonna bench yourself in the middle of the game?
Fight to the bitter end!
Why do I have to be the one telling you this?
It's retarded.
And just so you know, I'm not watching out for you or anything, hear me?
City Bus
Huh?
Takeuchi-kun!
City Bus
This is a surprise! What are you doing here?
Ah, um... I'm just changing buses here.
Oh? Where are you headed?
Nowhere special...
Sign: Hook-up party
Out to a hook-up party.
You're going to a hook-up party, aren't you?
Sign: Hook-up party
Sign: Hook-up party
You know, a hook-up party.
Shall we get going, Takahashi?
After all, Takeuchi's busy getting to his hook-up party.
Sign: Hook-up party
You knew...?
Information travels fast.
As promised, neither of us are watching out for each other, right?
Sign: Hook-up party
Good luck with that hook-up party.
Thanks...
Yano, you weirdo... getting entangled with him like that.
What? He's the one who started it.
You really like Takeuchi-kun a whole lot, don't you?
What?! Don't say sick stuff like that, you moron!
I'm only speaking the truth.
Let's compare answer 3 and 4.
Okay.
Should I go get us something to drink?
Nah, I'm good.
Yano, you're pretty serious today.
You always screw around, and we never get any studying done.
Really?
Yeah... you're acting weird. What's gotten into you?
Should we talk about something?
You don't have to push yourself...
It might be because I'm actually nervous.
W-Why now, of all times?
I just feel like I might screw up by accident and make you angry again...
You might yell get out! or something...
I wouldn't say something like that...
I've decided that I want to start over.
That's why it's okay to act stupid like usual...
When you're so obedient and quiet like this, it makes me queasy.
It's true that it might've just been impulsive...
But...
I realized that I've been waiting for that impulse all along.
I did it!
You're too fast!
Let's start with introductions!
Introductions!
Well then, I'm Emiko! I like going to those stone-slab baths!
Ah... I'm running to the bathroom for a sec.
It's on your left down there.
So what's all this about? Stone-slab baths?
Stone-slab baths are in fashion now?
The bear flipped...!
Seriously?
He's so scary...
Anyone else who thinks they can flip, feel free to do so!
The bear's gym classes are always a little crazy...
You gonna do it?
I'm drained... and besides, aren't you guys hungry?
Do you have any energy left?
Oh man, all the girls are watching.
Here's the first challenger!
Yano, huh?
He's never gotten better than a grade of 5 in gym before!
He always gets so hyped when there's an audience...
Nice finish!
Piece of cake.
Any other challengers out there?
Damn... he's sure standing out.
All the girls are excited.
He really is amazing.
It's got nothing to do with me.
Take, you're not gonna give it a shot?
Nope, it's such a pain.
I guess. After all, you'd look so lame when you screw up.
Well, don't push yourself or anything.
And the second challenger!
Talk about rare! It's Takeuchi!
Huh? It's Takeuchi-kun.
Isn't this kinda unusual?
Success! I guess I can handle this much, at least.
He's pretty good, too! Takeuchi-kun sure is cool!
You can really feel his intensity.
Oh! Yano's going up again!
Are you gonna spin this time?
It looks like he's gonna try to spin!
The word impossible is not in this man's dictionary!
He really spun! He did a 1 80!
Takeuchi's going at it, too! Look at those two crazy guys!
Whoa! He's doing a full 360! Is it gonna be a 540 next?!
As to be expected, the teacher eventually stopped them.
Ow, geez... my hip hurts like hell.
You moron.
You guys...
I thought you settled things, so why are you still at each other's throats?
Huh? He's the one at my throat.
It's weird that he's still at it, huh?
Same goes for you.
Today's gym class was so much fun!
Those two were so cool!
Especially Yano!
Nana, I'm jealous.
Y-Yeah.
Oh, geez. Why am I grinning so much about this?
Makes you wonder if there's anything Yano's not good at.
Yeah.
Something he's not good at... Is there anything he's not good at?
When I first entered high school, that's the question I asked him...
Back then, Yano was so scary to me...
Now that I think back on it, it's kind of mysterious.
But... he really did look like someone who could do anything back then.
Though now I know...
Love.
Whenever you're uneasy about something, you tend to get even more uneasy about it the more it's brought up.
Even Yano, who jumps over the vaulting horse so easily, is no different.
And when I think of that...
Hey, I noticed this before... your lunches are always packed with whole lot of stuff, huh?
Really?
Yeah, it's completely different from the lunches my mom makes.
She always just uses last night's leftovers or something.
Let me have a bite.
No.
Why not?
It's not as tasty as it looks.
Don't say that. It'll be fine.
Yano's mom made this flavor...
See? It's not that good, right?
Umm...
How to describe it...
Compared to how it looks, it's fairly plain.
She doesn't have much of a sense for cooking.
But she tries her best, so I overlook that.
I think her omelets are pretty good, though.
Or, well... they're the only part that's good.
Really?
Have a bite.
Let's see...
Ah, they really are good!
See?
Yano.
Everything's fine.
I know.
You told me that someone can only have one person most important to them at a time.
I want to believe that.
If you're going to say that, then I'm going to try my best.
As long as you don't give up on me, I'll never give up on you.
You can do that, right?
Yeah.
I'll believe in him.
What is it?
Aren't you cold?
You've been home all weekend, and you've been coming straight home from school lately, too.
I thought this might or might not be the case, but I guess everything fell though with that girl?
What the heck? It has nothing to do with you!
Ah, how pathetic!
How can I still call you my little brother?
Shut up.
Take advantage of that little runt's mistakes once in a while, would you?
Little runt?
Hey... what's it mean to fight to the bitter end in love?
Well... it varies depending on the situation, but...
If nothing changes whether you confess or not...
Why do you say that?
No matter how much sugar you coat your words with, they'll still leave a bad aftertaste when everything's said and done.
Even if you get over it, the people around you will still have to deal with the situation.
If someone's honest and open like that, he's just being egotistical.
Am I wrong?
Getting into an illicit relationship with your best friend's girlfriend is wrong to begin with.
Even though you and Moto are both in 11 th grade, you're completely different.
Of course you'd lose to him like this.
What do you mean by that?
That girl told me she'd form bonds, even if there was nothing to work with.
Would it have been better to cut into his plans and get her before he did?
Even if I had to tie him up?
Obviously.
In the first place, the world of love is all about being partial and biased.
There's no such thing as fair and unfair, dishonorable and honorable.
Even if you set him up and break his arm, if you're fighting with all your might for yourself...
N-Noble, is it?
Loving someone else's lover, or stealing someone else's love...
Stealing someone else's love?
There's only one way to allow such a thing.
What is it?
I won't tell you.
Think about it yourself.
If you can't figure it out, you don't have the right to do such a thing.
What? I never would've thought you'd be part of the student council, Takeuchi-kun.
I lost in rock-paper-scissors...
But... you, too?
Didn't you participate last semester?
They kinda pushed me into doing it again... It's nothing out of the ordinary, though.
Ah, no one's sitting next to me, so why don't you sit here?
Okay.
Come to think of it...
Since we've never had a class together, sitting next to each other sorta feels mysterious, huh?
I was just thinking the same thing.
Reading too much into this coincidence would be weird. I'll talk to him normally.
By the way, how'd things go the other day?
How was the hook-up party?
A-Are you all right?
I-It was okay...
Okay?
How about you? I'm glad everything worked out.
Yeah... sorry for causing you so much trouble...
You know the saying, right? Adversity builds character. No pain, no gain!
Yeah. I believe in that, too.
Just like you said, I think I was the one obsessing over Nana-san.
And because of that, Yano had a lot of uneasy feelings.
Which is why it's my turn to give it my all.
You really are best like this...
You're so like yourself. It's great.
Give it your all.
Give it your all.
Yano! Let's go already.
Sorry, guys. Gotta run.
I love his smiling face.
No matter what happens, I want him to keep smiling.
And I want to make him smile.
Because it's what keeps me so full of spirit.
What I said wasn't a lie, but...
At the very least...
If it was really for me...
Morning!
Did you prepare for your presentation?
I'm all set!
I got a haircut!
I just don't know what you're thinking sometimes.
Who knows?
Quit joking around.
She got contacts...?
What's gotten into her?
I guess not all girls are babes when they get rid of their glasses like in comics...
The one way... the only way...
What's the only way to allow it?!
Take, Take!
We're going to another hook-up party. You coming?
I'll pass.
Damn it!
I can't figure it out at all!
I've got a lot of cuties this time!
I just said I wasn't going!
Even though it seems like our lives never change, they slowly do...
And just like how we never notice...
Shizuka na ame ga furu
Sukoshi tsumetai ame
Atattaneai tsudzuketeru
Kono kokoro wo hiyasu you ni
Itsumo kimi wo mitsuketeita
Yasashiii ushirosugata mawari iku kono omoi
Doko he mukau no
Kimi ga mitsumeru saki ni wa
Nani ga aru darou
Bokura wa hitahashiru
Todokisou de todokana
Sono kyori de
Shizuka ni ame ga furu
Sukoshi sabishii ame
Hirogaritsudzuketeru
Kono kokoro wo nadameru you ni
Itsumo kimi wo mitsumeteiru
Kawaii ushirosugata mawarikudoi omoi
Doko ni mukau no
Boku ga motomer saki ni wa
Nani ga matsu darou
Bokura wa hitahashiru
Todokisou de todokanai
Sono kyori de
Sono kyori de
Sono kyori de
Sono kyori de
A silent rain falls.
A slightly chilly rain.
But it continues to fall, without actually hitting me
as if it's trying to freeze my heart instead.
I've always found your gentle back
on any day, but where do my
winding feelings point?
I wonder what you see
before you?
We keep on running
and we seem like we're going to reach, but don't.
At that distance away from you.
Rain will fall again someday.
A slightly lonely rain
will pour all around and spread
as if it's meant to soothe my heart.
I'm always looking at your cute back
but these winding feelings
point me in the other direction.
What am I waiting for
at the end of my search?
We keep on running
and we seem like we're going to reach, but don't.
At that distance away from you.
At that distance away from you.
At that distance away from you.
At that distance away from you.
Episode 20 Preview...
Please give me a chance...
Let's try going out for just a month.
Take-chan's first girlfriend!
Don't go out with some girl you don't even like!
I don't want to hear that from you.
I want to hurry and become an adult...
If only... there were such a thing as eternity.
It does exist. I'm sure of it.
