Do you really think he'll chase you forever?
Mizu-chin's words keep echoing in my head...
If you disconnect from Yano's feelings now, it'll be too late.
It'll be too late.
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 24 ...
Now that I think about it, there aren't many days left in the year.
Nana, if you don't hurry and make up with Yano, you know...
What?
It's Christmas next month!
Hey, what are you gonna get for him this year?
That's right... I need to start spending less and save up for a present.
Even though we're in the middle of a fight, Christmas is still stuck in my mind...
Results from the Cancer Screening Examination We noticed that you had hemorrhaging from your colon Please have a more thorough examination at the nearest general hospital immediately.
City Cancer Center
hemorrhaging from your colon
Mom... a notice from the hospital. Did you see it?
Ah, just another one like they sent last year.
Remember how I went for another exam, and they removed all of those benign polyps?
They left some in because they were too small, so they're probably acting up again.
I see...
But don't you think it'd be a good idea to get checked out again?
I guess so. But we're so busy with all of this moving business right now...
Once we get to Tokyo, I'll take some time and go in for another examination.
Man, am I beat.
We're moving around Christmastime?
Hey...
Will you really be all right?
About what?
Being on your own.
Oh, stop it! It's not like I'm a child.
You're pretty cheeky, worrying about your mother like that.
By the way... what's your pay going to be?
I'll be fine!
How much is it?
Net Income 200,000 yen
Net Income 200,000 yen
Net Income 200,000 yen
Net Income 200,000 yen
Net Income 200,000 yen
Net Income 200,000 yen
And how much is apartment rent and living expense...?
If I economize, 120,000 yen/mo.
If I economize, 120,000 yen/mo.
If I economize, 120,000 yen/mo.
If I economize, 120,000 yen/mo.
If I economize, 120,000 yen/mo.
If I economize, 120,000 yen/mo.
You also have to add in insurance and property taxes, don't you?
Combining your tuition with everything else, hhhhhh60,000 yen/mo.
Combining your tuition with everything else, hhhhhh60,000 yen/mo.
Combining your tuition with everything else, hhhhhh60,000 yen/mo.
Combining your tuition with everything else, hhhhhh60,000 yen/mo.
Combining your tuition with everything else, hhhhhh60,000 yen/mo.
Combining your tuition with everything else, hhhhhh60,000 yen/mo.
Combining your tuition with everything else, hhhhhh60,000 yen/mo.
And my allowance...?
That man said he didn't need me to pay for his living expenses, so 30,000 yen should do the trick.
Net Income 200,000 yen/mo.
Apartment Living Expenses 120,000 yen
Insurance, Tuition 60,000 yen
Allowance 30,000 yen
Total: 210,000 yen
You're in the red!
Don't tell me it'll do the trick!
I have my savings account, and I can also work part-time.
I'll work part-time, so don't bother with my allowance.
No.
You need to give your undivided attention to college entrance exams.
I'll come up with the money somehow if there's an emergency.
And it's not like I'll have a rough time straight from the start.
You can't take money from your bank account!
I'll take care of my tuition.
Don't be ridiculous.
If you drop out of college because of the extra work, you'll be confusing your priorities.
Please... just leave my business to me.
You don't have to worry about a thing.
I'm already uneasy enough, leaving you here where I can't keep an eye on you.
So please don't say things like you'll get a part-time job.
Information for Applicants
You'll definitely find a job perfect for you.
Part-Time Information Magazine
Your mom was against it, wasn't she?
You should stop this.
I understand how you feel, but maybe not worrying her is another way of being a good son?
Then going where she can keep an eye on me would be considered being a good son, wouldn't it?
H-Hey, once December comes around, there's gonna be an opening at my liquor store. We'll need some extra hands...
I'll ask my dad for you.
He might even increase your hourly wage.
How... about it?
Hey, don't tell me you plan on...
Hey, wait up, Moto! Hey!
Are you actually thinking of going with your mom?!
Didn't you say you couldn't leave Takahashi behind the other day?!
Of course I will.
Why do I have to keep giving you those chances right before my eyes?
There's so much confusion right now...
With women, if you're not by their sides, you don't know where they'll go running off to.
I've had enough of this regret.
He's lying. He's definitely lying!
He's definitely lost.
Isn't it fine? If he wants to go, let him go.
Why do you have to butt in?
What's up with you? That's pretty cold.
How can you say that when you always worked him to the bone as a kid...
Pushing him around, making him your little servant, making him give you massages...
I can't believe you.
He was the one who wanted to massage me, so I let him.
Yeah, I know. He told me you tricked him into doing it, though.
What a moron. I wonder what he was expecting?
He sure is a moron. Though I can sorta understand how he felt.
Anyway, putting that aside...
The one I don't understand the most is you.
If Moto leaves, isn't it your chance to make her yours once and for all?
Have you forgotten that he's your rival?
I don't want Takahashi if it's going to be like this.
I don't want her to come to me because he's no good for her...
And I don't want her to come to me because she's lonely...
I want Takahashi to say that I'm the one meant for her.
What's going on in here?
It looks like Moto's headed to Tokyo.
Hey, don't go deciding that all by yourself.
Oh, my. So she is, after all.
Ayaka, would you put on some tea for me?
What do you mean, so she is?
You know...
That boy's mother always looks so flighty and up in the air.
It's like she doesn't have her feet on the ground.
Or like she became an adult while still being a girl on the inside.
Though in a way, I'm kind of jealous.
Thanks.
Though Moto's kept a pretty firm grip on himself, don't you think?
Yes... but that's a pretty common pattern, where the child becomes much more steady if the parents are unstable.
From what I hear, Moto's mom is supposedly a lot like that type of girl...
That type?
What type?
Like his dead girlfriend.
With women, if you're not by their sides, you don't know where they'll go running off to.
This is bad... he seriously...
Takeuchi-kun?
What's the matter? It's cold out, so come inside.
Hurry and make up with him! Stop him from going to Tokyo!
Huh? Tokyo...?
This isn't the time to be anxious!
What's up with saying, if we split up, things will fall apart?
Don't say insubstantial crap like that!
It's up to you if you want things to fall apart, but going about it this way is just wrong!
Anyway, hurry up and talk to him!
Yano's... going to leave?
College Selection Questionnaire
College Name
Field of Study
1st Choice
2nd Choice
Year 2, Class 7 Takahashi Nanami
Year 2, Class 7 Takahashi Nanami
I didn't notice at all that Yano was going through so much right now...
Nana, have you written down your choices yet?
Ah, yeah...
But...
Let me see, let me see!
Questionnaire
Field of Study
College Name
Year 2, Class 7
K University
Economics
Yano Motoharu
K University? What's your second choice?
I don't have one. I don't plan on going anywhere else.
You're pretty set on that.
What if you don't get accepted?
As if that'd happen.
So you're with guys headed off to Tokyo, huh?
I want to go to Sapporo, though it looks like about half our class wants to leave Hokkaido.
Hey.
Can you see what she wrote?
Huh? No!
From what I remember, she said she was going to apply to at least one Tokyo school the last time we talked about college...
I've become a little uneasy about all of this.
If she goes to college in Tokyo, I can say we'd only be apart for a year, and it'd be easy to persuade her...
What am I thinking? It should be something different right now.
Ask her yourself.
Yeah.
Takahashi.
What college do you plan on going to?
There's something more important than that right now, isn't there?
Umm... you said your parents didn't want you going to a college in Tokyo, didn't you?
But you wanted to convince them to let you...
Because there weren't too many schools you wanted to go to here in Hokkaido...
Right?
And since you're so good at English, you said you wanted to study English literature, right?
And also, since you wanted to go to a school that stands out...
I know. There's always A University, College of R, and S University. They're all in Tokyo, right?
Am I right?
Wrong.
Yano, I have changed what school I want to go to.
Couldn't you convince your parents?
Why didn't you talk to me about that even once?
You didn't tell me anything either, Yano...
Even if your school won't be in Tokyo, everything's all better now that you're not with me anymore?
Yano?!
Why can't I express my feelings...?
Even though I love him so much, I always say the opposite...
I really want to tell him I love him, but I'm afraid he might feel differently now...
You want to affirm them, right?
Yeah.
Because you love him, you become anxious, right?
Yeah.
Then why not just come right out and tell him that you love him?
That he's more important to you than anyone else.
That you don't want him to go.
Yeah... yeah...
I really...
I cause so much trouble for Yano, make him uneasy, hurt him...
I always wanted to tell him what's most important.
That I'm the one who's wrong...
But I don't want this, Yano.
Don't go, Yano.
U-Umm, I'm sorry for stopping by so late today.
I had some urgent business...
There's something I have to talk about with Yano-kun right now.
Here you go.
I think he should be back soon.
Y-Yes, thank you.
So he's out...
Clothes
Cloth es 2
Books!
Do you like sweet potatoes?
I made one.
Ah... thank you.
Since I came here to stop Yano...
I'm sorry.
Memorandum
W-What's this?
Electricity
Kerosene
Go to Moriishi Oil and
Charged directly from bank account
Gas Water
If you don't write those things down, boys won't have a clue about what to do with the house.
To Motoharu
Some things I'd really like you to do
Don't go out on any outings
Eat as much as you can in the
house with what we have here
Don't worry if you ever run out of money
Oh, he's back.
Yano, I heard your mom's getting divorced.
I'm sorry for not noticing.
I was being too selfish and couldn't realize how lost and confused you were.
I'm not lost or confused.
I have no intention of splitting up with you.
Yano... I think I was just blinded by my happiness.
My complaints and uneasiness about all the small things so far...
And if we were apart, they'd all go away...
I really love you, Yano.
I really, really love you too, Takahashi.
Which is why I absolutely won't split up with you.
Ah, see? If we're honest with each other, we can hear each other perfectly.
I can see them...
They're so clear...
Yano's feelings...
I can say it...
Yano... if she needs your help, then go with your mom.
Don't worry about me, and really think about it.
Right now, you really need to think about what's important to you and what you should do.
I'll be all right.
No matter what choice you make, I'll wait.
We can't break away from each other so easily anymore.
I'm different from Nana-san. So from now, I'll wait until you come up with an answer.
No matter which Yano chooses, I want to believe in him.
From now, let's think about what's going to happen in a year.
For the most part, I was able to convince my parents.
They said it was okay to apply to at most one school in Tokyo.
But you said you changed which school you wanted to go to?
You wanted to go to one in Tokyo, didn't you?
J University? Foreign languages?
It's my dream! Do you have a problem with that?
C-Calm down.
How were your latest T-scores?
Japanese, 59...
World History, 60...
English, 64...
Total, 61 ...
It'll be really tough if you don't at least get over a 70...
10 of the applicants passed...
Oh...? 10 , huh...
If you fail, you'll be going to Sapporo!
I know...
Then are you going to change what school you want to go to?
No...
Then why don't you come up with another fallback school?
That's impossible...
Takahashi... if you fail, you're going to Sapporo.
Do you really understand what that means?
I'm not going to Tokyo university for you, I'm going for me.
And if my future path intersects with yours, I'll be very happy.
I really want to do it.
Yeah.
I'll definitely pass and go to Tokyo with you, Yano.
T-There's still a year, s-so it should be fine. Right?
Hey... others should be the ones saying that to you!
Yeah...
It's good to have aspirations to go there, and even though it seems reckless...
Yeah, yeah!
I'll repeat your own words to you!
Pass no matter what.
Yeah.
Sign: 1st choice J University 2nd choice F college for W...
That's pretty rude.
S-Sorry.
But her 1 st and 2nd choices are way too high for her. What's up with that?
I had no idea that Takahashi was a gambler like this.
At first, she told me she wasn't going to Tokyo for me, and it shocked me for a second, but...
Sign: J University
When she told me she was going for herself...
I felt like I could believe in her.
That Takahashi might be able to make such a miracle happen.
You're a pretty big gambler too, huh?
I guess it's her influence on me.
Takahashi's really strong, isn't she?
It seems like I'm the more effeminate one.
So, are you still undecided?
Yeah.
I'll also believe in whatever you choose.
Either way, I'm off to Tokyo, too.
Weren't you trying to get into the politics and economics program at W university?
Yep.
But the real problem here is what she's going to do if she fails.
Will she really end up at Sapporo?
Even for me, that'd be a little troublesome...
That's true... it's like she hasn't thought of anything but passing.
It's like she's the type who runs straight at something without looking back...
But don't you think it's bad if you don't glance back once in a while?
But she'll be fine.
Because I'll protect her.
Sign: 1 K University
I like gambling... but I'm going to be a little more careful.
Keep this a secret from Takahashi, though.
Sign: 2 College of H
The College of H?
A college in Sapporo?
I'll put some insurance on this. This might be a first for me.
College Selection Questionnaire
College Name
Field of Study
1st Choice
2nd Choice
K University
Economics
College of H
Year 2, Class 7
Yano Motoharu
Hey.
You're not allowed to look at those.
Sorry!
U-Umm...
What would happen if you put down a public school and a national university?
Well... if a fairly good student does it, I don't see any problem with that.
Though it'd be much more advantageous if they could pick between one of the two.
That's what I thought...
I'm...
Takahashi. Want to go look for some study guides today?
Yeah.
Need to raise your T-score by at least 1 5 points, right?
No matter what answer he comes up with.
Koko ni ite itsudemo
Koko ni ite watashi wo
Koko ni ite miteite
Kono mama zutto
Te no hira no naka
Afuredashisou na
Anata ga kureta hajimete
Watashi hitori ja kokoro ga yuretara
Minna koborete shimau
Anata no ookina te de
Watashi goto tsukamaeteite
Konna ni mo konna ni mo
Tayorinai watashi no koto wo
Dakedo ima wa anata no te wa
Sukoshi tookute
Be here... always...
Be here... look...
Be here... at me...
Just like this, forever...
The first time you gave me
seems like it's going
to overflow in the palm of my hand.
If my heart wavered alone
it seems like everyone would vanish.
On that day, you
took hold of me
even though, even though
I'm so unreliable.
But you still stretched out your
arm and hand to me, just a little bit.
Episode 25 Preview...
I had no idea what it meant for Yano to leave...
What do you want for Christmas this year?
We can spend... Christmas together.
It's one week early, but...
I could hear the beating of our hearts.
I'm going with my mom to Tokyo.
