I have a condition.
Tell me all about Nana-san.
I want to hear about your feelings for her, and once I sort out me feelings about them...
Can you?
I met her in my second year of middle school...
So, what more can you determine from that?
Even with the condition of him telling you about Nana-san...
Why don't you try becoming a little more honest with your feelings?
Old Messages
Options
Sub-Menu
Takahashi, next time I'll properly talk about Nana-san, So, please meet with me again.
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 18 ...
I asked Yano to tell me about Nana-san.
Because if I hear everything from Yano's lips..
Takahashi, next time I'll properly talk about Nana-san. So please meet with me again.
Takahashi, next time I'll properly talk about Nana-san.
So please meet with me again.
Ah, shoot! This isn't even a date...
I'll feel that...
You're late, Yano!
Sorry. I had to find the movie tickets.
How many times do I have to tell you? This isn't a date!
Yeah...
But these tickets expire today, so...
But if you don't want to go...
They expire today?!
It would be such a waste!
Really Cheap
Really Cheap
This is bad...
Isn't this just the same pattern as before?
You can't watch a movie without getting some popcorn, right?
Yeah!
Salted butter popcorn. please.
Caramel-flavored popcorn, please.
Hey! There's no way caramel ever goes with popcorn.
Why not? Salted butter popcorn is so boring.
If you want caramel, why don't you just get some candy?
Caramel candy and popcorn are completely different!
Exactly my point! If they're so different, why do you have to combine them?
I don't get you at all!
It tastes good! You're the one who isn't making any sense, Yano!
Why don't you just get the salted butter popcorn, Yano?
I'll get my own caramel-flavored...
Sounds good... two like that, please.
Certainly.
W-What? I can pay for myself.
Don't worry about it.
No! This isn't a date, so I don't think it's right for you to pay for me.
I see.
Let's just split the cost.
Sign: Devastation
I'll pay you back! I'll definitely pay you back tomorrow!
Yep.
There's like no one here.
With it like this, everything's gonna go the way Yano wants it to...
Hey, this is pretty amazing. Besides the two of us, there's only three other couples.
Isn't it amaz... ing?
Just to let you know, I'm giving up on you if you don't talk about her today.
I find it hard to believe you plan on talking seriously today, the way things are going.
Yeah, I know.
Yano instinctively has a habit of avoiding Nana-san whenever the topic comes up.
Well...
What is it?
Her name was Yamamoto Nana.
Her birthday was July 29th. Her blood type was B.
And for her family...
She loved going out to sing karaoke.
She hated doing schoolwork.
Her favourite color was pink. Her room was covered in hot pink everything.
She had a silly personality.
She'd laugh a lot.
She'd laugh at anything.
She'd even laugh at things that weren't funny.
She went out with ton of guys. By the way, I was the 7th.
U-Umm, that's not really what I wanted to hear...
I didn't want a profile. I wanted more of, umm... you know?
Like, Yano's feelings for her...
Umm... was there anything that really left an impression on you after going out with her?
Something that left an impression?
Like how an udon noodle once came out of her nose?
An udon noodle came out of her nose?!
We were eating udon, and she started laughing really hard about something...
It came out?
It really freaked me out.
That's a little...
See? I told you she was silly.
That's not what I meant...
Ah, the movie's starting.
Yano keeps giving me the slip...
This movie's...
I've seen it before...
And just like before... his left hand's in the exact same position...
Is he leaving half of the armrest for me?
But... why won't he hold my hand like he did before?
Hey, did you beat the boss yet?
I just beat it today!
You said you wanted her to come back to life, didn't you? Back then...
Do you remember?
Yeah.
How can I hate...
Everything...
I'll forgive you for everything.
So, please... I want you to come back to me alive.
If Nana-san was saved in that accident... If she got out of it alive...
This is a really mean question...
I'm sorry, I...
It's impossible to consider something like that in a normal sense...
There's no way I'd keep going out with her.
Really...?
Actually... that's not true.
You said you wanted her to come back to life.
It's not true?
I just got caught up in this atmosphere.
Isn't that how you really feel?
It isn't.
You won't answer any of the things I'm trying to ask you...
I am answering you!
Why do you keep running away from my questions?
I'm not running!
You are!
What do you want from me?! What do I have to say so you'll understand?!
That's not what I'm asking for.
It is.
Forget it!
There's something really big in Yano's heart, like a blockade.
It's impossible to consider something like that in a normal sense...
There's no way I'd keep going out with her.
And every time I try to get around it, he gets so angry.
It is.
The more he acts like he doesn't see it... the more I can feel it become even stronger.
That existence of the person who was Nana-san...
I don't understand Yano's feelings anymore...
I've lost all my confidence...
There's no meaning left in any of this...
So it's like getting a game over before you can beat it?
It wasn't supposed to be like this...
I don't know what to do anymore.
I wonder if I just misunderstood things...
Mizu-chin's...
We Were There TOO!
Now, I wonder what'll happen with the good luck between Yano and Nana, huh?
Yeah! I wonder if those two will get back together?
Yeah. If they really do break up, maybe I'll go out with Yano instead! Just kidding!
You're still talking about that...?
Mizu-chin, why don't you get yourself a boyfriend already?
You too, Taka-chan.
Please don't group us together. I... have one now.
I didn't hear about that! Hey! I didn't hear a word about that!
I didn't hear about that! I never heard you had a boyfriend, Taka-chan!
Sorry, Mizu-chin.
W-Wait a sec here! When was this? When? Where at? Who is it? Hey!
You know all those episodes I haven't been in?
That's when I began to foster my love!
This isn't the time for me to be competing with Nana!
I was kinda having my own Bokura ga Ita all this time!
Hey, is he older? Younger? Hey!
Well... I'll leave that to your imagination.
I-Imagination? What am I supposed to imagine?!
Do your best, Mizoguchi-san.
Kimi dake wo... atashi dake wo...
Hey! Me too! I want to sing like that, too!
I want a... a... Mizu-chin was there too!
What? All alone?
Next time we hold this special corner, I'll do it alone!
Someone, please come and take me away!
Bye...
The day before she died, we got into an argument.
It was over something really stupid. Just a normal lover's quarrel.
Even though it's a day early, why don't we celebrate your birthday today?
What? What's all this?
Well, you remember that new pasta place that opened last month?
You wanted to go, right?
I'll let you eat as much as you want today.
Oh, yeah. Actually, I just went there a couple days ago with a friend.
Me and Miki were bored one day, and these guys started hitting on us.
They were college students.
All we did was eat and talk, though.
Why'd you go with them so willingly?
Huh? Well, you know...
Mocchan, you haven't called me at all since summer break started, so I was bored.
You never called, and whenever I called your house, you were never there.
I told you I was working over at Take's, didn't I?
Huh? I don't know about that. I don't remember hearing about that.
Your little sister answered the phone, and I told her to tell you.
What? You told Yuri? When?
Don't go eating food some other guy buys for you!
You really are stupid, aren't you?!
That's... what I said to her.
She got really mad.
Though I guess I snapped, too.
Even though she was always laughed about whatever I told her...
And just like that, we went our separate ways.
And then the accident happened.
I'm no good when I have to remember her.
Because there's so much I regret.
It makes me hate myself.
I become painfully aware of how powerless I am.
I can't stop asking myself questions, despite how futile they are...
You ask yourself futile questions...?
Like... what?
Takahashi, you may not believe me, but right now, you're the most important person to me.
And that's because I believe only one person can be most important to you at a time.
But if you don't believe me, then there's nothing I can do, I guess.
The women I always want the most run away from me.
Goodbye.
The women I always want the most run away from me.
When did I ever toss you away?!
Don't go anywhere.
And my girlfriend was a cheat.
I can't stop asking myself questions, despite how futile they are...
Yano... everything I kept asking Yano...
Yano!
I really think Nana-san loved you a whole lot, Yano!
I'm sure she's regretting it even now!
I'm sure she's really regretting leaving you behind!
She could just die for making you so sad!
And I'm sure, even now...
It's the same as that day...
Yano's heart was about to open up to me...
That was my chance...
I see...
So that's how it was...
Then, this time... I won't make any mistakes...
It's all right.
Nana-san didn't run from you.
She just passed you by accident.
She really did love you...
She never tossed you away.
Yano... answer her.
I'm sure Nana-san's listening now.
I'm sure she wants to apologize to you.
Answer her.
Answer Nana-san.
Then... why don't we both go searching for our own happiness?
I'm sorry... I couldn't make you happy.
Yano...
You pass.
Yuuhi ga kage wo hosoku nobashita
Kokoro wo fukaku somete yuku
Kitto saigo no jikan da to
Namida koraeteta
Omoide nante itsumo kanashisugiru bakari
Isso wasurete shimaitai yo
Nido to aenai kimi senaka to
Saigo no yuuhi mitsumetsudzuketa
Itsumo itsumo yasashisugita ne
Ima wa ososugiru keredo
Stop the sunset kimi wo ushinaitakunai
Sora wo dakishimete tsutsumikomu you ni
Sotto utsumuita kimi no yokogao
Yuuhi yo kono mama shizumanaideite
Itsumo sugoshita futari no heya to
umi wo aruita photograph
Hitotsu kawashita yakusoku ga hatasezu sugite yuku
Kokorobosoku natteta hitori no heya ni suwatte
tooku ni kikoeru amaoto
Itsuka wasurete iku kimochi naraba
Konna ni kokoro kurushimenaide
Sotto sotto kobore...
The sunset stretches my shadow long and thin.
Its colors deeply dye my heart.
When you said this was probably the last time,
I held back my tears.
Memories are always too sad.
I just want to forget them all.
I continued to watch the last sunset
and your back that I would never see again.
You were always too kind
and even though now's too late...
Stop the sunset. I don't want to lose you.
Like the sky enveloping me
your face would always look down at me.
Make it so the sun never sets...
The room we always lived in,
that photograph when we walked on the beach...
The promise we made will go unkept.
I became so lonely alone in my room,
listening to the distant rain.
If these are just some feelings I'm going to forget one day
then don't torment my heart so much.
Gently, gently falling...
Episode 19 Preview...
Yano... you're pretty serious today.
It might be because... I'm actually nervous.
I thought you were going to tell me to go home.
I've decided that I want to start over.
Hey... what's it mean to fight to the bitter end for love?
Like how we never notice the seasons changing...
