Umm...!
It was all a lie! I had those two set this whole thing up for me.
I just really wanted to see you again!
Since I didn't have a chance to talk to you the other day.
I know you don't like these sorts of things.
But would you please consider hanging out with me some more?
Would you please give me a chance and go out with me for just one month?
Why are you getting so mad?
Just try going out with her for a month.
Well, it looks like I really couldn't fall for you. Sorry!
It would've been much better to decline at the beginning.
Then what do you suggest?
Don't go out with some girl you don't even like. You're wasting your time!
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 21 ...
Why don't you sleep over on Sunday night?
S-Say something.
Is this some sort of joke...? I'm a little shocked...
My parents are going to a wedding in Sapporo.
The other day, you said you wanted to go somewhere we could be alone, right?
It's not really a trip, but...
In the afternoon, we can see a movie...
Come early evening, we can happily return home...
For dinner, we'd have spaghetti carbonara. I made it last week, so I won't make any mistakes.
Mom will call sometime during the night and I'll answer like I always do. No problem there.
And I already cleaned the bath, making it nice and sparkly.
That should cover my fun and exciting weekend plan.
And while gazing up at the starry sky, we can have fun talking all night long.
Though I doubt all of that will happen... for a boy and girl only seventeen years old.
But I've already decided.
Huh? It's Yano!
It's weird seeing him way out at this store.
Yano! What'd you come out this way to buy?
Sign: Condoms
Truthfully... getting this doesn't mean too much to me.
I'm not kidding.
I just want to hold Takahashi in my arms till morning...
Hold her tight in my arms... kiss her... and then hug her again.
Straight through till morning.
I wonder what Takahashi sleeps in?
Pajamas, maybe?
It'd be nice if they had spaghetti straps like this...
I hope tomorrow comes soon...
He's skipping...?
Not again...
You headed to the station? Meeting someone?
Yeah. You, too?
Yeah...
Well, do your best.
You, too.
I heard some eyewitness information that you went to a certain store last night.
Not only that, but someone you knew found you in the next town over.
You're such a dork.
Information really travels fast...
Don't do anything to hurt her.
Yeah.
He's strangely pretty open with his feelings today.
Answer it.
Yamamoto Yuri
Yamamoto Yuri
Call History
Answer Call
Sub-menu
Hello?
What is it? What do you need?
I'm about to get on the bus...
Hey, the bus just arrived.
Sorry, but if this isn't important, I have to go.
Moto?
Where are you?
Hey, don't you have to get on?
And be sure to lock up behind you. I'll call you later tonight.
Don't forget your keys.
Yeah. Have a nice trip.
We will.
I'm sorry, Mom.
I need to hurry and get going, too.
I pray that this day will become something special...
Mom... she won't wake up, no matter how much I try to wake her...
No matter how much I shake her, she won't wake up...
Call for an ambulance!
She's in the ICU right now...
Everything'll be fine.
Everything will be fine.
He's late... and he's always so punctual, too...
Sorry, mind if I take a quick phone call?
Sure.
You didn't have plans did you?
Ah, yeah... I kinda had something to do.
I'll be right back.
Yano? You're already a half hour late...
What's the matter?
I couldn't get through your cellphone at all...
Sorry. Something pressing came up, and...
Um, I think I'll be tied up for a bit, so could you go home for now, Takahashi?
But... what about the movie?
I'm sorry.
What time will you be able to get to my house?
I don't know...
You don't know? What are you doing?
Yamamoto's mom collapsed. I'm with her at the hospital right now.
What's wrong with her...?
Right now, we're not sure... It might have been a stroke.
She still hasn't come out of the ICU yet, so...
I see...
It sounds pretty bad...
Yeah.
That's why, until we know what her condition is...
But... why do you have to be there?
Why?
I see what you're saying.
But...
Then come over here right now!
I can't abandon her.
You can't abandon her...?
Please go home and wait for me there.
Okay, Takahashi? Please.
Why...?
Why?!
I'm not going home! Come here right now! I won't go home until you get here!
Takahash-
What's up with that...?
How can he choose Yamamoto-san over me today... of all days...?
It seems like I've been talking the whole time...
Am I boring?
N-Not at all!
That reminds me... do you have any siblings?
I have a little brother... but... didn't we just talk about this?
I'm sorry.
Ah, excuse me for a sec...
Hello?
What do you want?
Huh?
What the hell are you doing?!
She's completely lost it. She's even blocked calls from me and won't pick up.
But I have to go back inside...
Sorry, but could you persuade her for me?
I think she'll take your call.
Are you an idiot?!
If you go to Takahashi right now, you won't have a problem!
Do you even realize what you're doing?!
She's all alone.
She doesn't have a dad.
Or well, she does... but he hardly ever comes home because he's always with some other woman.
Her other relatives live far away, too.
She has no one to rely on.
Right now, her only family is her mother.
I can really understand... those uneasy feelings she's having right now.
So why do you have to be the one who looks after her?
Listen.
It's better for her if you don't give her some half-hearted sympathy.
The same goes for you, too.
You can't really say that, can you?
After all, you're doing the same thing as me right now.
Well, I'm going back inside, so... I'll leave contacting her up to you.
Is everything all right?
Did something came up?
No... I'm sorry, but would you mind if I made another phone call?
Go ahead.
No... I won't go home.
But it doesn't matter how long you stay there...
It's cold out, too.
That's fine! I don't want to go home.
Takaha-
Leave me alone! Takeuchi-kun, you moron!
I'm sorry...
It's not even your fault...
But please... leave me alone right now.
Why can't Yano... understand my feelings?
Please... don't call me again, even if Yano asks you to.
I'm being so stubborn for no reason...
I just can't be my normal, happy self...
I know that much...
And if the girl he was with wasn't Yamamoto-san, I know I wouldn't be this stubborn...
But no matter what happened, I definitely wanted him to come today...
Yano... I don't want to be all alone at a time like this, either...
And then... are you listening?
Takeuchi-kun, you haven't been able to drag your eyes away from that window since that phone call earlier.
If you're family, please come in.
There are no abnormalities in her brain waves or anything else.
Thanks to the medicine we've administered, her blood pressure is returning to normal levels.
I think we caught it early enough.
This accident most likely occurred from an overload of work and stress.
I believe she will wake up momentarily.
I need to take care of the hospital paperwork...
Are you going to stay here overnight?
Well... I'll decide that after she wakes up and I see how she's doing.
That aside, are you hungry?
You missed lunch because of this, right?
It's my treat, so why don't you go get something at the cafeteria?
Can I... take off for today?
There's somewhere I really have to go right now.
Y-Yeah... I'm sorry for pulling you away.
Especially on a weekend like this...
I'm sorry. I'd really like to be with you until your mom wakes up...
But if anything happens, don't hesitate to give me a call.
I can't do anything physically, but I can at least be there for you.
See you later.
Umm...
Thank you for today, really.
Yeah.
Say hi to your mom for me.
L-Let me walk you to the entrance.
It's fine. If you don't hurry up, the cafeteria will close.
Then let me at least give you some money for a taxi...
It's fine.
I love you...
I've loved you this whole time...
Yano...
I've loved you this whole time...
To the plaza in front of the station. I'm sorry, but please hurry.
Yes, sir.
It's the first snow of the season!
I thought it was pretty cold out today!
It's freezing out here! Geez!
I should've worn gloves today.
Look! You can see your breath.
Here, take my gloves.
Put them on.
Y-You're giving them to me...?
I'm sorry...
There's somewhere I need to go.
Where...?
She's your friend's girlfriend, isn't she?
I don't care how many times we have the same conversation.
These sorts of things take time.
It's okay if you think I'm the worst scum on the face of the earth.
It's just like he said...
I'm sorry!
I can't stop myself...
I have feelings for her.
There's a bad traffic jam at the entrance...
You can stop at the light over there.
Damn it...
He likes you...
And it's perfect.
I'm just an intrusion.
Please let me through!
I've given up on you so many times.
Because I thought that would be best for you.
But... you're crying.
You're crying right now.
Mutual love?
Loving someone else's lover?
Friendship?
All of that...
I told you to go home and wait there...
Why are you being so stubborn?
Whatever...
How long were you planning on standing here?
You'll catch a cold.
Let's go home.
You like him...
And it's perfect.
But...
I can promise you one thing.
Let's go home.
I'll never...
Ima kimi ga iikaketa kotoba ga
Yubisaki ni sotto oritekita
Nanimo iwanakute ii yo
Tsumaida yubi wo gyutto atatamete
Kotoba wa kotoba dakara kokoro hanbun mo tsutaenai kara
Setsunakute modokashikute yuuyake futari wo tsutsundeiru
Komiageru mune no omoi kokoro ga itai yo
Moshi kimi ga tabibito ni nattara
Kore gurai kimi wo matteru darou
Kisetsu wa kawaru sono tabi ni
Kioku ga usuragu koto ga attemo
Dareka wo konna fuu ni kokoro ippai de aisenai kara
Mamaritai taisetsu na kimi
Itsu datte futari wa hitori ja nai
Kono mune ga kawaresou de
Furete hoshii yo
Setsunakute modokashikute kaerenai kono mama aruiteitai
Yabaisaki ni kanjiteiru kokoro no kotoba wo
The words you were just about to say
fell softly onto my fingertips.
You don't have to say anything.
I'll clasp your hand tightly and warm it up.
Because words are words, I can't express half of the feelings in my heart.
It's so wrenching and irritating as the sunset engulfs the two of us.
My heart aches from all the feelings welling up inside of me.
If you were to become a traveler,
would I be able to wait for you as I do now?
As the seasons change,
even if our memories are to fade.
I wouldn't be able to love someone with all of my heart like this.
I want to protect the precious you.
The two of us are never alone.
Me heart feels so fragile
and I want you to touch it.
It's so wrenching and irritating that I can't go home. I want to keep walking like this.
I feel the words from your heart on my fingertips.
Episode 22 Preview...
Take... I don't understand anything.
I don't know how to go out with Takahashi...
I know I can understand him...
Trust, is it...?
That's something I always seem to be lacking...
I want to protect you, Takahashi.
