This year's Christmas present is...
For... Christmas?
Yeah! I'll definitely go!
It's...
I'm sorry, Takahashi.
I'm going...
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
As you can imagine, going to Tokyo Disneyland would be a bit much, but...
A hot spring?
And we can spend the entire day together.
The entire day together?
Huh? Does that mean...
We'll be spending the night.
It's okay if we just fall asleep holding hands.
If that's what you want, I promise not to do anything.
How's it sound?
How's it sound? Impossible. You don't have that kind of cash.
If you're worried about money, I'll take care of it somehow.
In fact, I already did.
Mom, I'd like to get my allowance early.
What are you going to spend it on?
I want to spend Christmas with my girlfriend.
How much do you need?
20,000.
That's not an amount a high schooler could spend in a day.
I really want to spoil her.
I won't allow it.
You will.
Because I'm making you a deal.
I'll...
Is that your... atonement?
If so, then I don't want you to take it that far.
Aren't we honest today?
Takahashi, I want to make this a Christmas you'll love.
I'm the one who really wants to do this.
I want this to be a Christmas you'll remember, so even when we're apart for a year, you'll feel like you can stick with it.
I thought you said you didn't believe in memories.
Sorry. I'm not very honest with my feelings, am I?
What did you say?
Well, umm... if you leave the hot spring out...
What? I don't understand what you're getting at...
Your feelings really hit me.
And I'm happy about it.
But...
But?
I'm scared of this something special.
I'm sorry.
I know we only have a little time left...
Like any other day.
I want to believe that it's not something special, and that it's not an ending.
Ah, Yano.
Yano!
She's so cute...!
Ah...! I knew I should've forced you to go to that hot spring!
Yano, you don't know when to give up.
You promised we'd spend today like we would any other day.
Say that to yourself! You're different from normal! You're no fair!
And you look really cute...
Let's go.
Please look at the sky to your left.
In December, the winter constellations illuminate the eastern sky.
There is.
It does exist. I'm sure of it.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Ah, it feels so warm!
Your heart does?
Yeah!
Yano.
I'm gonna take a picture. Come on, smile.
The guy should be able to win the toy at times like these, you know?
Like in the last episode of those TV soap operas...
Yeah... but this isn't some soap opera or anime, so don't be so sulky.
Okay, I'm gonna press the button!
What is this? I've got such a weird face!
What? It's cute!
This sticker machine loves you, Yano. It plays favorites and leaves me in the dust.
Don't be so sulky.
And my girlfriend was a cheat.
Back then, when I confessed the scars of my past...
Why don't we go get our picture taken at a photo booth together?
Were you an idiot or something?
Yeah... I thought I was, too.
You big moron.
That's me.
I'm so much of a moron... that I fell in love with a person I hated so much.
Then it might be a good thing that you were a moron.
Ah... geez.
You're pretty cute in that one.
And... in this one, too.
The first... picture sticker we took together.
That brings back memories.
It was so awkward back then...
Yano... did you bring that with you today on purpose?
How's it look on me?
Yano...
Once you're in Tokyo, send me tons of pictures, okay?
Like how you look in your uniform... and lots more.
Sure.
Even if we're apart, we're really just a second away, right?
Yeah.
I'll be able to hear your voice, I'll be able to see your face, and we can e-mail each other, too.
Yeah.
But I...
My family's finances are a little tight right now.
I'm sorry.
But I'll call at least once a week.
No...
I'll be fine.
Don't push yourself too hard.
Take care of your mother.
I'm gonna look for a part-time job there.
A part-time job?
Will you be okay with the entrance exams?
I won't let my mother worry about me.
What is it?
What? Is there something on my face?
I love you.
Let's make a promise.
That we'll definitely meet in Tokyo a year from now on.
Until then, I won't...
I swear it.
And...
Don't wait for me.
I'm very happy that you feel that way about me...
That's cruel.
I told you I didn't need your answer yet.
I-I'm sorry.
So you say you won't fall for anyone but him?
Yeah.
You really think so?
Even a year from now?
Even five years from now?
Why do you think you know the future?
Because... I promised.
I pushed Yano away.
I betrayed Yano.
You said you wanted to protect me, Takeuchi-kun.
But this time...
Mom... I'm going to go to college in Tokyo.
Why? You said you were going to a public school.
I don't want to stay here in the countryside.
Are you going to leave me alone?
It looks like you'll go whether you have my permission or not.
It's because there's something I want in Tokyo.
Something I want... more than anything else in the world.
What's with that face?!
Nana, you look awful!
I cried so much last night, and I looked like this when I woke up.
Your face looks really bad.
I'll go get a cooling pad!
Where's Lalami?
For now, I'm leaving her with my grandmother.
I'm gonna scout things out first, and if I can bring her to the apartment in Tokyo, I will.
Oh yeah, here's my address.
Kawasaki?
That's not in Tokyo.
My college is in the city.
It's only thirty minutes from Shibuya.
Oh, Mizuguchi. Where's Takahashi?
Sign: Cooling Pads
S-S-She's in the bathroom right now! Hold on a sec!
Is she taking a crap?
Yeah! Seems like a really long one!
Makes you wonder what she ate, huh?
You really won't come back at all?
I don't have that kind of money.
Even over summer and spring break?
Yeah.
This sucks... on a day like this...
I wonder if the swelling will go down...
Wasn't Yano looking for me?
Don't worry. I made an excuse.
Thanks, Mizu-chin.
No problem.
Then I really won't see you until you get accepted into college, huh?
Go on. You're fine now, so go.
You really are resolute with your decision.
I can't.
Like I thought, I'm gonna cry.
How much will I regret this?
Am I just going to repeat the same things over and over again?
If you ask me if I want to go, my answer is of course no.
If you ask me if I'll be fine once I get there, of course I won't be.
I've always asked my girlfriends to stay by my side.
And I thought I'd promised myself not to let them out of my sight ever again.
Ever since that day...
Don't worry. I won't do anything to her while you're gone.
Why am I so nice?! Am I a total idiot?!
But you know, playing unfairly just doesn't feel right.
You have a reason to go.
But if you let your guard down, or really take your eyes off of her...
Remember that.
The real battle starts after you leave.
Wait and see what happens a year from now.
What's with the sigh of relief?
I just couldn't stand it when you two studied together or went to the library together.
Huh? I'll still do that. That's fair, don't you think?
Then, what about going to the summer festival with her?
That's fair.
No... it seems like you'd probably do something to her...
You're wrong. I'd go as a friend!
No, you see...
Yano!
Let's give them some time alone.
Ah, yeah.
Wherever you go...
However lonely you get...
No matter how hard it is...
Don't forget...
You're definitely not alone!
It all equals out, was it?
Yano, you may not have someone left who you really, really love...
So... please don't think you're all alone.
It didn't.
It didn't all equal out.
It ended up more equal... on the positive side.
Ever since I met you...
We were all indeed here.
We lived here...
I came to love him...
I loved her...
Receiving so many beginnings...
Learning each other's strengths and weaknesses...
Yes... indeed...
Thank you for everything...
Ima kimi ga iikaketa kotoba ga
Yubisaki ni sotto oritekita
Nanimo iwanakute ii yo
Tsumaida yubi wo gyutto atatamete
Kotoba wa kotoba dakara kokoro hanbun mo tsutaenai kara
Setsunakute modokashikute yuuyake futari wo tsutsundeiru
Komiageru mune no omoi kokoro ga itai yo
Moshi kimi ga tabibito ni nattara
Dore gurai kimi wo matteru darou
Kisetsu wa kawaru sono tabi ni
Kioku ga usuragu koto ga attemo
Dareka wo konna fuu ni kokoro ippai de aisenai kara
Mamaritai taisetsu na kimi
Itsu datte futari wa hitori ja nai
Kono mune ga kawaresou de
Furete hoshii yo
Setsunakute modokashikute kaerenai kono mama aruiteitai
Yabaisaki ni kanjiteiru kokoro no kotoba wo
The words you were just about to say
fell softly onto my fingertips.
You don't have to say anything.
I'll clasp your hand tightly and warm it up.
Because words are words, I can't express half of the feelings in my heart.
It's so wrenching and irritating as the sunset engulfs the two of us.
My heart aches from all the feelings welling up inside of me.
If you were to become a traveler,
would I be able to wait for you as I do now?
As the seasons change,
even if our memories are to fade.
I wouldn't be able to love someone with all of my heart like this.
I want to protect the precious you.
The two of us are never alone.
Me heart feels so fragile
and I want you to touch it.
It's so wrenching and irritating that I can't go home. I want to keep walking like this.
I feel the words from your heart on my fingertips.
Fair
Yano
Merry Christmas!!
