Divorced?!
We'll apparently be shipping off to Tokyo later this year.
Off to Tokyo...? You're going to transfer schools?
Ah, I'm not going.
I just have one more year until I graduate.
And college entrance exams are coming up, so she said it would be okay if I stayed here.
Either way, though, I'll still be going to college there.
I see... don't scare me like that, geez.
Less talking, more eating.
Yeah. I'll be done soon.
Hey runts, what are you doing today on your day off?
Ice skating.
All right, I'm done.
Masa, leave after you've cleaned your dishes.
Masa, it's gonna get dark out if you're this slow!
Hurry and get your stuff ready!
By the way...
Yes?
Were you the one who suggested staying behind?
I'm asking whether or not you told your mom you wanted to stay.
Yeah, I guess... but she was the one who said it'd be fine to stay if I wanted to.
So I said, Oh... okay.
We can go now.
So you've thought a lot about it.
Even if I haven't...
Hey... I thought I'd tell you today, but...
What is it?
I confessed my feelings to Takahashi.
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 23 ...
When?
Two days ago.
That's dirty.
While I was sick in bed, you...
Yeah. I tend to be good at playing dirty, I guess.
Aren't you going to ask how she responded?
Sorry. I'm going home for today.
Don't jump to conclusions...
If I hadn't confessed, do you really think two guys would go ice skating on a Sunday morning like this-
We've known each other since the sixth grade.
Don't underestimate that, moron.
What? You're back already?
Yeah...
As soon as I told him that I confessed to Takahashi, he went blue in the face.
What's up with that?
You serious?!
W-What?
Good job, man!
Let me say something... I think you already know, but...
Both of you, even.
Nothing's changed.
So little has changed between us that it's sad.
But she didn't refuse you, did she?
How... did you know?
You've always only taken challenges when the odds are in your favor.
I see now. I can understand why Moto would get so upset about this.
So? How'd you handle yourself in this little challenge?
I want to protect you, Takahashi!
Umm...
Ah, don't give me your answer right now.
I don't intend to accept any answer but yes.
I'm not taking this lightly, and I'm not confessing just for the hell of it.
Even if you refuse me, it won't stop me from loving you.
In other words, I've decided to live with and accept these feelings.
Which is why... I'll be waiting.
If it ever gets hard on you, or you can't bear with it any longer...
Because... I'll always be waiting for you.
I'll always be waiting for you.
Takeuchi-kun told me...
You don't have to give me your answer right now.
Thank goodness he said that...
Because I don't want to hurt him... and in the first place, it's just impossible...
But...
I'll be waiting.
Mizu-chin?
Nana, have you made up with Yano?
No... not yet.
Huh? But didn't you go to see him when he was sick?
No... I didn't end up going in the end.
Then you haven't gotten in touch with him at all?
No...
What are you planning on doing?
I don't know...
Mizu-chin, I don't know... my head's so mixed up...
Did something happen?
No... it's just that...
What happened?
I can't understand his feelings at all.
I planned on giving it all my effort, but I keep on giving up at some point...
I must be such horrible girlfriend...
All relationships are like this. Don't blame yourself so much.
Like Takeuchi-kun said...
Anyway, when you see him at school tomorrow, be sure to kiss and make up!
I wonder if I'll never be able to understand Yano...
No, that's not true!
If I'm pessimistic about it, it's all over!
If I'm pessimistic about it...
I want to become stronger...
Gym Class: Snow Shoveling
This sucks! It's so cold out...
Gym class first thing on first day of the week... we're so unlucky.
I'm gonna put on extra clothes for this.
Ah, good morning-
Let's hurry and get going.
Yeah.
Takahashi!
Long time no see.
Ah... I ignored him.
Ah, I'm not being sarcastic or anything.
It's not like I was miserable that my girlfriend didn't come to see me the three days I was out sick or anything.
After all, I have such a big...
Hey.
Ah, so it's begun...
Yano, don't play tag!
It's no good, after all...
Takahashi! Wait up!
I'm scared to talk to Yano.
Get a grip already! Don't make me feel worse than I already do!
I just got over a cold... geez!
That's different from what you just said...
Obviously!
Guys have their outward appearance, and they have their real feelings.
Understand? Everything I'm about to say are my real feelings.
I was incredibly lonely when you didn't come to visit, call, or even send a text message.
No matter how angry you may have been, that was just cruel.
It made me feel miserable.
Like I was no better than a flea or something.
And I hate playing tag, too.
Get a grip and talk to me again.
Please... talk to me again.
Yeah. I'm sorry, too...
If I could just say that, we'd be back to normal.
But...
Takahashi... don't you want to make up with me?
Yano... are you sure...
In truth...
I can't say it very well...
I'm not confident...
No, that's not right... but...
I can't stop.
Are you sure we're really meant for each other?
Shouldn't you want someone who can...
No...
I know I can understand him a whole lot more than you can!
He's definitely going to say no, right?
Will he deny it...?
He's going to, isn't he...?
Someone... who can understand me differently than you can?
You're saying someone else would be better for me?
I didn't say that.
You did...
You did!
Why do you keep saying things... that only make me more uneasy?
I just can't...
Takahashi!
Why can't we do something so easy...?
Or is it just so easy that it seems hard?
Motoharu, could you help me out?
The ground's frozen, and I can't get the shovel in.
Guess we're out of luck.
Then in the spring, could you dig up those seedlings and send them to me?
I've been thinking about it, but...
You planted a ton of rose seedlings in the spring...
Have you really been thinking about this divorce for a year now?
I couldn't help it. Gardening is the only thing I take pleasure in.
In the end, you only think of things impulsively.
When you want something, you get it without thinking of the consequences.
Your marriage gets jumbled, whether or not to get divorce gets jumbled, digging things up gets jumbled...
It's all a big nuisance, you know.
I didn't give birth to you impulsively.
I was talking about the saplings.
And you were thinking of growing those on the veranda? Are you dumb?
Ow! The thorns hurt like hell.
D-Don't cry!
It's just that...
I'm sorry. I've just been a little on edge since this morning.
It just seems like you're always blaming me...
I've never blamed you for anything.
Yes, that's right, isn't it?
Even when I said I wanted to get married, you followed me without saying a word.
I found someone I want to marry...
Without once complaining.
If it will make you happy, Mom...
This must be my guilty conscious.
You better be happy this time.
I'll confess.
I gave birth to you on a whim.
How am I not surprised...
It was an unexpected pregnancy.
I had never once thought of wanting a kid.
But I was also scared of aborting you.
But then I thought, maybe if I gave birth...
But it didn't work out that well.
Well, of course. You're the worst.
That's right. Everything's always either hit or miss with me, and unplanned.
No forethought to anything.
No matter what I do or achieve, it always ends up failure. As a woman and a mother, I'm the worst.
I haven't thought of becoming happy, this late in life.
Then why are you getting divorced?
So I can really stand on my own two feet.
How old are you?
Forty-two. Got a problem with that?
But... there is one thing I did succeed in.
Though I thought I had messed up at first.
It was just so unexpected at the time, and I regretted it severely.
Motoharu.
I'm glad I gave birth to you.
Because of that, I'm grateful that I was just a girl who never thought ahead.
You've given me enough happiness.
I couldn't wish for more.
This is pretty interesting. Wanna take a look, Nana?
Could I borrow it?
Takahashi. What are your plans for today?
If you have no other plans, want to go home together?
I'm going to go home by myself today.
Hey, Nana...
Yano!
Don't follow me!
Is this really all right?
Is what all right?
If you leave it like this, you two will really break up.
Then, what am I supposed to do?
Even if I talked with him now, we'll only go further in the wrong direction...
Maybe, but because you're having such a hard time, you need to take that step.
Nana, you spend too much time on those things.
I've thought this for a while, but even though Yano's chasing you now...
If you disconnect from Yano's feelings now, it'll be too late.
Take a good look...
Yano!
Do you really think he'll chase you forever?
Do you really think that?
Mizu-chin's words keep echoing in my head...
If you disconnect from Yano's feelings now, it'll be too late.
It'll be too late.
I'm sorry. I take back what I said.
Take back what?
The words I said two years ago.
When I said that you only used me to get revenge on my sister.
You didn't do it for revenge.
You did it out of sympathy for me.
Either way, there's no changing the fact that it was the worst thing we could've done.
Ima kimi ga iikaketa kotoba ga
Yubisaki ni sotto oritekita
Nanimo iwanakute ii yo
Tsumaida yubi wo gyutto atatamete
Kotoba wa kotoba dakara kokoro hanbun mo tsutaenai kara
Setsunakute modokashikute yuuyake futari wo tsutsundeiru
Komiageru mune no omoi kokoro ga itai yo
Setsunakute modokashikute kaerenai kono mama aruiteitai
Yabaisaki ni kanjiteiru kokoro no kotoba wo
The words you were just about to say
fell softly onto my fingertips.
You don't have to say anything.
I'll clasp your hand tightly and warm it up.
Because words are words, I can't express half of the feelings in my heart.
It's so wrenching and irritating as the sunset engulfs the two of us.
My heart aches from all the feelings welling up inside of me.
It's so wrenching and irritating that I can't go home. I want to keep walking like this.
I feel the words from your heart on my fingertips.
Episode 24 Preview...
Are you actually thinking of going with your mom?!
Why do I have to keep giving you those chances?
With women, if you're not...
I've had enough of this regret.
This is bad... He seriously might go...
Yano's... going to leave?
