Someone beloved to me...
I first learned what that meant... during the winter when I was fifteen years old.
Usotsuki na anata nakimushi no atashi
Doushite umaku ikanai wa
Oshare shita kami mo rain suton no tsume mo
Anata wa kidzuki mo shinai ne
Love kanashii namida nanka ja nai yo
Me ga kawaite hirihiri suru dake
Kono unmei bakari I love
Kimi dake wo atashi dake wo
Atsui omoi wo uketomete
Doko made mo tsunagattetai
Kawaikunai nakigao mo se mo aishiteru
Why can't things go well between
the liar, you, and the crybaby, me?
You don't notice my styled hair
or my nice set of press-on nails.
Love isn't about the unhappy tears that go along with it.
Those tears only leave my eyes dry and hurt me.
I love this destiny
between only you and only me.
I want to accept your hot feelings
and be taken by you forever.
Despite your uncute, tearful face and your shortness, I still love you.
Episode 6 ...
Jama da ne te wo futta ushirosugata anna ni mou
Yuugure no hitonami ni yurenagara chiisaku naru
Anata ga kureta kotoba wo hitotsuzutsu
Omoidashi me wo tojita shiwase na omoi dake
Koko ni aru hazu na no ni fuan ni naru
Doushite na no
Everyone's in the way, I waved my hand, but your back is
already swerving through the crowd of people and sinking into the evening sun.
I closed my eyes and began to remember
the words you told me. Only happy memories
are supposed to be there, but I became anxious.
Why does my...
Yano embraces me.
The smoothness of my uniform against my skin feels good.
Yano's hands... touch my back.
Somehow, I can feel Yano's masculinity really coming through.
Yano's fingers run through my hair.
Leaving myself so open to him makes my heart clench up.
Yano kisses me.
It leaves me so hopeless, unable to think...
And... Yano's hands on my chest...
Wait just a second!!
Let go.
No!
You won't let me?
Obviously not!
I-Is it that obvious?
Y-Yes, for now...
If I just touch...
You wouldn't stop with just a touch.
The meeting's finally over. I'm on the bus right now. I think I should be there in about 15 minutes from now.
Message Sent
I wonder if I was wrong this afternoon...
Though for a second, I thought it might actually be all right...
Being held tightly by Yano...
I'm afraid of what that version of me would be like...
I'm sorry, Yano.
Right now, I'm not really sure what's right.
I got here before him.
All of this jewelry's so cute!
If you'd like, I can take some out for you.
Yes, please.
Takeuchi
She's such a beautiful woman...
Ah... but I may not be buying anything today, so...
There's nothing wrong with just looking.
Would you like to try one on?
Takaha-
Ah, Yano.
Do you think this one's cute?
Huh? You're Takeuchi-kun's older sister?
A-Ah, Takeuchi-kun is always taking good care of me!
If you're a friend of Masahami, I can get you a discount as a friend.
Really?
I'm going to buy one now! I'm definitely going to!
Yano, do you mind if I look around a little longer?
Go ahead.
Why are you acting so surprised?
I wasn't really surprised or anything.
You've really grown since I last saw you.
Your girlfriend's cute. She seems like a good girl.
Ah, well, I suppose.
She sorta looks like a baby, though.
Like a baby?
U-Umm... could I see this one please?
Ah, gladly.
It's hard to decide...
Yano, do you think this looks good on me?
She is a baby...
Ah, no, maybe something more childi-
What?
Maybe something cuter.
This is cute.
Oh, I know! Just wait here a sec.
We just got these in today, and we haven't even put them on display yet.
It's so adorable...
There are flower-shaped gems inset into it...
That's a nice one.
Yeah. That definitely would fit someone like you.
Ah, then I'll take...
I-It's so expensive...
Ah, umm... I think I'll go with the one I was just trying on instead...
It was less expensive...
So I'll go with the other one, please.
Ah, the other one? We only have those sizes 11 and 13.
That's too big for you, right?
H-Huh? The one I just had on fit me perfectly...
Was I just imagining it?
I'm terribly sorry.
Ah, then I'll take another look around...
That would be fine. We have many other cute rings.
You're buying it, right?
Of course.
Umm... could I pay in installments?
The money I'll get for New Year and my allowance...
And then if I sell those things...
Or maybe a deferred payment?
Having the product delivered later, of course.
Moron.
Then hold it until I have enough money.
Don't sell it.
If I did that, you'd never make it in time for Christmas.
Y-Yeah... you have a point.
I'll just use my E.D. and get it for you.
Your E.D.?
Employee discount.
It'll only cost 60 of its value.
In other words, 40 off.
If it's 40 off, then...
Things like this... are really against the rules, though.
But I'll make this one time a special case.
But you'd damn well better not forget, so bring me all of the money you have on hand by next week.
I hate lending money to people in the first place.
Let's go.
I'm hungry.
Let's get something to eat.
Ayaka-san was really mature and beautiful, wasn't she?
I guess so...
I wonder if I can end up like her if I try really hard...
Y-Yeah... I'm sure you can.
Ah, I figured it out!
What?
Why Takeuchi-kun has such a hard time getting a girlfriend.
He seems like he'd be pretty popular.
What?
His older sister's too beautiful, so he has higher standards for his dream girl than normal.
I get it now... yeah, yeah.
Takeuchi-kun probably wants a girl more beautiful and mature than his older sister.
I don't really think that's it.
Anyway...
You said Takeuchi-kun is always taking good care of you.
Just when has he taken good care of you?
Ah... that was just a figure of speech... umm...
It was just meant as a greeting.
Ah... I can't believe this is happening...
Yano's jealous.
It all seems so unreal...
So unreal...
I'm sorry for being a bit of a tease about this, Yano...
I hope Takeuchi-kun finds a girl soon.
After all, Takeuchi-kun's a good guy.
I'll cheer him on.
And then maybe once he gets one, the four of us could go on a double date.
Why do the four of us have to go somewhere together?
It's fine if the two of us are alone together, right?
Yeah...
I want to firmly accept Yano's feelings.
What? You two met?
Yeah. She treated me really well.
I hate to say this, but... she's really a he, dressed up in female clothing.
But... she was really beautiful and so feminine, it surprised me.
Ah, just stop.
He's got you totally fooled.
In the first place, calling that guy a male is really an insult to all men.
Men are more delicate.
When I was a kid, I had no idea...
It was awful.
I totally thought you had a sister complex or something.
P-Please stop... I'm begging you...
Then why don't you have a girlfriend?
That's straight to the point.
Really, these people who are all lovey-dovey nowadays...
Anyway, it's because he's gay.
Go to hell.
And besides, it's not like you're not popular.
I'm not.
It's because I'm not popular that I'm single.
What? You're kidding!
Like I've been saying, he's a homo.
Isn't there anyone you like?
No.
Why not?
Who knows? Maybe it's a sister complex after all.
That was weird...
Sorry It looks like students council meeting's going to go over time again, so you can leave ahead of me. (>_<)
You haven't even put a single stick of incense... Pretty heartless, aren't we?
Even though half a year's passed since then.
Well, I know Onee-chan always had a bad eye for guys.
Is that... her scarf?
It was originally mine.
She would always borrow stuff from everyone.
And she'd always get it dirty right away.
She returned one of my favorite T-shirts with a large tomato juice stain on it.
How could she make such a big stain, just like a child?
Do you want it as a memento?
Don't act like you're so cool.
She threw you out.
Don't act like you're so much better than me.
You sisters, both older and younger, are the worst.
Don't...
Hurry and end already...
I've been thinking about Yano all day.
Ah, it's almost time to catch the bus.
Are you gonna go?
Yeah.
S-Should I just wait for the next one?
You said that the last time, too. Just one more hour.
I'll go home. I'm sure Mom will be worrying, too.
Want to kiss one more time before you go?
People are watching...
No, they're not.
Look, they're all minding their own business.
Should we go, then?
Yes.
It's getting harder and harder to part from him...
Here it is.
Entrance
Ah, bye...
I'll take you home.
I wished that bus would never stop.
I wonder if there's a limit to how much one person can love another...
Sewing Room
I don't get this at all.
Yamamoto-san, could you teach me how to do this part?
Takahashi-san, you have the left and right side reversed.
You loosen it here, and from this part over here, if you just...
I thought she might hate me since I'm going out with Yano...
There you go.
Thanks a lot.
I'm really bad at sewing clothing...
I hate doing this, too.
Yamamoto-san's a little scary with all the stuff she hates...
Sewing Room
What did you do in gym today?
Basketball.
That sounds like fun.
Are you going to the food stand?
Yeah.
Could you get me some milk while you're there?
It was really awesome!
Really!
Yeah, it ruled!
I wish I could've seen it!
Don't group me with her.
Yano!
Are you all right?
Ah.. yeah.
Yamamoto-san?
Hey... not a word of thanks to Yano?
Yano, you scraped your hand.
Ah, yeah.
Nurse's Office
Thank you.
Yano.
I don't think you have to watch out for Yamamoto-san so much.
The problem between you and Nana-san is just between you two...
I know.
I'm sorry. I don't know how to say it-
Yano?
Don't worry about it.
Ah, we're on a bed.
Moron. Why are you so quick to say that sort of stuff?
Kiss me.
And make it a long one.
Someone could come in.
They won't.
They will.
It's lunch break.
Who cares if we're seen?
Oh, whatever.
Whenever Yano kisses me, I can't think of anything else.
I'm so scared of that version of me, but I just can't think of a world without Yano anymore.
But it makes me remember all those times, all the way down to the tips of my hair...
If Yano disappeared, I wonder what I'd do...
If the person I loved disappeared...
If the person I loved stopped looking at me...
Please...
Always, always stand by my side, Yano.
Jama da te wo futta ushirosugata anna ni mou
Yuugure no hitonami ni yurenagara chiisaku naru
Anata ga kureta kotoba wo hitotsuzutsu
Omoidashi me wo tojita Shiawasena omoi dake
koko ni aru hazu nano ni Fuan ni naru
doushite nano kokoro ga furueteru no
Tsutaetai motto sou afureteru kono kimochi
Suki dakara suki dakara zettai suki dakara
Furimuite kakedashite oikakete ikitai kedo
Yuugure no sabishisa ga sonna yuuki nomikonda
Anata no egao no naka ni watashi ha iru
Sukoshi hanareta dakede
Mayoigo ni natta youna
kodomo mitai nakidashisou
Sunao nara konna omoi
shinakutemo sumu no ni na
Karappo no watashi dake
Koko ni ite sakuderu
Suki dakara suki dakara zettai suki dakara
Everyone's in the way. I waved my hand, but your back is
already swerving through the crowd of people and sinking into the evening sun.
I closed my eyes and began to remember
the words you told me. Only happy memories
are supposed to be there, but I become anxious.
Why does my heart waver so?
I want to tell you about my overflowing feelings...
I love you, I love you, I love you more than anything.
I want to turn around, run after you, catch up with you, but
the sadness of the twilit sky swallowed my courage.
I'm in your smile.
Even a short time after we've parted
I want to cry out like a
lost child.
If only I could be honest with myself,
I wouldn't have had to go though this.
Only the empty me is
here, screaming...
I love you, I love you, I love you more than anything.
Episode 7 Preview...
You only used me to get revenge on my sister.
That wouldn't mean anything, and I'd have no reason to do that.
Then, why did you cry back then?
Cry?
Yano cried?
Yano, umm...
Would you tell me...
