Ashirogi Muto
Ashirogi Muto
Manga and Youth
56th (February) Treasure Newcomer Manga Award Selection Form (Judge - Niizuma Eiji)
56th (February) Treasure Newcomer Manga Award Selection Form (Judge - Niizuma Eiji)
Title Author Artwork Composition Story Characters Direction Originality Rating Comments (Good points, problems, etc.)
Todome no Roppatsu (Finishing 6 Shots)
Tadokoro Sasuke (24) Tokyo
Future Watch
Ashirogi Muto (18), Saitama
9 Byou 12 (9.12 Seconds)
Sasamura Kazuhi (22), Hokkaidou
thirteen soccer
Arikita Taichi (30), Chiba
take up north
Tanaka Mitsuko (21), Fukushima
Uragaeshi Chebuu) (Upside-Down Chebuu)
Oranda Kazuo (28), Tokyo
MEMORY BLUE
Toa Kota (14), Iwate
Tobu Yuusha (Flying Hero)
Yoshida Maruo (17), Kanagawa
Me group
Mata Kouichi (19) Tokyo
Shapon (The End of Japan)
Shizuka Ryuu (18), Saitama
Boring
Extremely interesting!!
Boring
Boring
Boring
Boring
Ditto
Ditto
Though that's a bit unexciting.
Yuueisha
Entrance Ceremony
Accepting Newcomers
Anime
Manga
Research Society
Works on display
Hey, hey, wanna go get some ramen?
Well if I had to make a choice, I'd rather have soba...
April 17th Tuesday
Day of the Serialization Meeting
Yuueisha
Incoming Call
Takahama Shouyou
Yuueisha
Incoming Call
Takahama
May 28th, Monday
Special 45-Page One-Shot
TEN Ashirogi Muto
June 1st, Friday
June 8th Friday
Niizuma-kun, I have the manuscripts and judging ballots for the Monthly Award,
so please get it done by next week.
But I'm not a good enough mangaka to be judging other people's work.
Don't say that.
This month has a manuscript by Ashirogi-kun.
Did you say Ashirogi-sensei?!
Yeah, here.
Ooh! Just as I expected, Ashirogi-sensei's is really good!
What do you mean it's really good? You haven't even read it yet.
I can tell just by the title.
The father of Future Watch's protagonist disappeared, leaving behind an invention.
That invention is a watch that allows him to travel seven minutes into the future.
His future self can tell him many things.
Like how to get away without making his teacher angry,
how to win a fight, how to make money...
The protagonist uses that watch to help his friends.
HITMAN10 is good too,
but I really think this is interesting and more like Ashirogi Muto.
We think so, too.
But we need to keep polishing HITMAN right up to the serialization meeting.
If your serialization names submitted for the April serialization meetings aren't interesting,
we won't look at the one-shot and it won't be published.
This is interesting! This wins the award.
There's no way anything will be more interesting than this.
But, why's it in the Monthly Award?
Well, a bunch of reasons.
And Ashirogi-kun said they wanted you to see it, Niizuma-kun.
Anyhow, please be sure to read the others and score them.
You mustn't be biased toward Ashirogi-kun.
I'm not being biased. It really is interesting.
I may be the only one who thinks so, though.
Only you, Niizuma-kun?
It's because Ashirogi-sensei doesn't project themselves into the main character.
Other people may argue that the characters are weak, cold, or have no heart.
As I thought, I'm going with Future Watch as the winner.
Apparently, Ashirogi-kun is just going to be judged, they can't win the award.
Also, which works get what level of award will be decided at the judging meeting,
so you just need to fill out your judging ballot...
When's the judging meeting?
It'll be at Yuueisha, right?
Ah, no, as an author you don't need to go.
Why? I'm a judge, too!
Since the senseis are busy, we have them fill out ballots so they don't need to go out of their way
I'm going!
I want to make sure Ashirogi-sensei has a complete victory!
Well, if you really want to...
Niizuma-kun! Please write your impressions in more detail.
We can't print the comments like this when it's time to announce the winner!
I can't help it, they really aren't interesting.
Ashirogi-sensei is number one!
Niizuma-kun...
Like I said, we can't give them the award.
Even they said they only want to be judged.
So everything else is below par, huh?
There won't even be any honorable mentions. That's a bit unexciting.
Well it's because Ashirogi Muto's work was in it,
so everything else paled in comparison.
It's clear that TRAP was no fluke.
You can't draw that level of mystery story with luck.
Future Watch will be serialized, right?
No, Ashirogi-kun is writing a different work for the next serialization meeting.
So they're drawing serialization names?!
I'll be really surprised if they're more interesting than this!
Ashirogi-kun is probably aiming for this one to be serialized.
The name they're drawing to match their editor's preferences won't surpass this.
I think so, anyhow. But those two have some amazing motivation and talent.
There are those who have all that and get serialized but don't do well, though.
Lots of authors who have ambition and talent still can't make it.
Being serialized means taking down one popular manga
and stealing their spot.
That's not easy.
I'll study! Starting now I'll shut up and listen!
It's okay, Niizuma-kun, sit down.
Miura.
The judging meeting is over.
Here are the ballots.
Ah, thank you very much.
Future Watch had a decisive lead.
Yoshida-san.
Please don't tell Ashirogi-kun about these results, until after the serialization meeting.
All right.
Yes, this is Takagi.
Yes... Yes... I understand.
He won't tell us the Monthly Award judging results until after the serialization meeting.
He wants us to concentrate on the serialization names right now.
I guess the results were good, then.
Miura-san really wants us to go with HITMAN10 , so he's hiding it.
If it did badly, he'd gladly let us know our only choice was to go for serialization with HITMAN10.
Guess so.
We've still got half an hour to the ceremony.
You guys didn't even come to the college orientation, right?
You've got a lot to see. That way you can enjoy college life.
Yeah. I'm glad we got here early!
They sure are nice...
Yeah, nice...
You two... And I thought your shyness was cute, Mashiro...
What's nice is nice.
Aw, geez...
I'm gonna take a walk around campus, okay?
Have a good time.
I guess this is youth.
That it is.
Going to college and studying like your life depends on it is also part of youth.
Getting into circles and chatting with everyone is part of youth as well.
Our youth has been devoted to manga, though.
You're making it sound too cool.
Takagi! Mashiro!
Geez, look over here!
Where's the fire? We were talking about youth.
Come here a minute, there's something incredible!
Something incredible?
Look!
They have a manga club.
It's got nothing to do with us.
That's what I thought at first, but...
This really sucks, man...
From the perspective of a pro like me,
it looks like you can only draw one picture.
Eh, you're a pro?!
This is a parody of CoroCoro Comic, a monthly Shogakukan manga magazine aimed at elementary school aged boys.
I'm serialized in a magazine called Charakira Comic. See?
Ishizawa!
Awe man!
Aww man! I can't believe that guy came to this college, too!
Did he just say he's a pro?!
I've never heard of Charakira Comic, but he's a pro?!
I was in the same class as Ashirogi Muto, the authors who did Gitantei TRAP in Jack
and we're still in touch.
Awesome!
I used to give them advice all the time when we were in middle school.
Actually...
He certainly did give us advice.
All he did was harass you, didn't he?
Anyhow, I think we should avoid meeting him directly.
But he drew while going to high school, too.
Now that you mention it, after he got punched by you, Takagi,
he said I swear I'll beat you! through tears.
Ishizawa got serialized because of me?
Damnit! Like hell I'm losing to him!
Okay, nothing left to fix. We can definitely send this into the meeting now.
Thank you very much!
So you changed the title?
It's okay. I know the editorial department has an eye for quality.
Yeah, TEN is a better name than HITMEN.
They'll judge Future Watch to be better.
Sorry Saikou, but since we've come this far, I want to get serialized.
Huh? Isn't it obviously better if you get serialized?
The one we really want to get serialized is Future Watch.
But we also did all we could on TEN.
So it would be frustrating if it got rejected at the meeting.
I understand the desire to get it decided faster so we can get serialized, but...
But?
As long as we have Future Watch,
TEN won't get serialized!
Next is Ashirogi Muto, TEN.
It's gotten a good assessment overall, but...
some people think we should wait a little longer before serializing them again.
And some think there's no need for them to be forcibly putting in jokes.
Miura often says that Jack would do well to have more gag manga.
This might be his way of showing that.
It's certainly true it would be fine to have more gag manga.
And the quality is good.
Also, I think if we bet on Takagi-kun's skill,
with which he's able to draw many works in a short period of time, it'll stay interesting...
Please wait a minute.
I think it'd be better to go with the work they submitted for the Monthly Award, Future Watch.
That one is where Ashirogi-kun is in their element.
That one's interesting, but I can't imagine how they could continue it as a series.
With TEN, we already have a good setting.
Having ten assassins appear is enough for a ton of development.
If we bet on their skill, like the editor-in-chief said,
I think we should bet on them carrying a series that we don't know how to continue.
They've been able to draw so much up to this point,
maybe it would be better to train them a little more first?
Do we really have the luxury of letting capable authors have time to rest?
It's here!
Yes?!
Is this Takagi-kun?
How'd it go?
The editor-in-chief made an unprecedented special decision.
Special decision?
In issue 25, TEN will run as a one-shot.
And in issue 26 Future Watch will run as a one-shot.
You'll run in two issues back to back.
So they want us to test both as one-shots?
Yes.
You weren't serialized, but the fact they're taking these kind of unique measures
means the editor-in-chief has expectations of you.
Of course, if we get a certain level of results;
if the questionnaires are good, we'll do another round of serialization names.
In other words, the readers will decide whether Ashirogi Muto will do a gag or a serious manga.
We did it. Back to back one-shots.
I'm sure the readers will want Ashirogi Muto to do a serious manga over a gag one.
Then it'll prove who's right, us or Miura-san.
Even so, I'm surprised even the editorial department judged TEN to be a maybe-yes.
Do you think I have a good sense for gags?
I got the impression the gags in TEN were forced and had an old man flavor to them.
Yeah, you're right. From what I've seen, it's best to go with more sensory and surreal humor.
Your old style is too cliche.
Do my gags really have such a stink of oldness to them?
I'm not saying they're not funny. They're just a little too old-man-ish.
But it's not exactly habitual...
It's Takahama-san.
Hello?
Mashiro-san, they just decided I'll be serialized!
Congratulations!
Serialization?
Let me say congrats, too.
It's Takagi, congratulations.
Thank you very much.
I think it's thanks to you guys, Takagi-san.
Takahama-san is having a meeting right away, today.
We have ours the day after tomorrow.
Makes sense.
Obviously the serialized one would take priority.
We've really been overtaken by Takahama-san.
Sorry for taking so long.
Things suddenly got really busy.
No, thanks for all you're doing.
I know we're rushing into things, but here are the results from the serialization meeting...
Starting is Business Boy Kenichi from issue 25,
Space Yellow Gate from issue 26,
and ending are Kaitou Cheater and Kuroobi Nine!!.
So Cheater ended after all, huh?
Also, the opinions for TEN were generally high assessments, but...
they said it wouldn't hurt to have a longer break since TRAP ended.
So we're making it a one-shot.
Is that all?
For the most part.
What about Future Watch in the Monthly Award?
Ah, right...
All the judges evaluated Future Watch to be the best work in the Monthly Award.
Both the story and the artwork got a 5 out of 5.
Only the characters got a 3.
Man, the characters!
However, if you consider that this evaluation is comparing you pros to newcomers,
it's the expected result.
Yes.
Well, I've said this much, so I guess I'll explain everything.
I've heard there were some who thought it might be fine to just serialize TEN,
but some thought going with Future Watch might be better.
So the editor-in-chief decided to do both as one-shots.
You must be glad.
It's the best possible result.
S-Sorry.
What're you apologizing for?
It's good to aim to have a better work, so it has more support from readers and gets serialized.
I heard that everyone was impressed by your motivation and effort.
Thank you very much.
If the two one-shots get good results,
it'll be okay to go for serialization, right?
Should be. If they get the results, that is.
About what rank do you think?
There's no set number, but probably...
We want to get in the single-digits.
In terms of votes, 150. If we get 150 votes, we'll stay out of the double digits.
But the editorial department has high hopes for you two.
So then... 5th!
We want to get 5th.
5th...
Huh... Hold on a second.
Aren't the two issues the new series are starting in...
The same as TEN in issue 25, Business Boy Kenichi,
and the same one as Future Watch in issue 26, Space Yellow Gate?
Exactly. This is very unusual.
With one-shots running in the same issues as new series,
most of the votes are likely to flow toward the new series.
it'll be extremely easy for the votes to flow toward the new series.
it'll be extremely easy for the votes to flow toward the new series.
it'll be extremely easy for the votes to flow toward the new series.
There isn't a case like this too often, is there?
The editorial department wants to see how they'd fare against new series.
We'll make our goal to be getting higher than the new series!
Understood.
Okay. Then let's start the meeting for how to alter TEN into a one-shot form!
We'll condense chapter 1 into 45 pages.
Condense 58 pages into 45 pages?
If there's a stronger gag element, it won't matter if the story is stretched thin.
First, in the opening scene...
Aoki-san...
A-Aoki-san!
This is Miura from Shounen Jack.
This is hard to ask of a sensei who's been serialized, but...
Sorry for the wait. I'm Takahama.
Nice to meet you.
Oh, so you worked as Ashirogi-kun's assistant?
Yeah.
I'm Katou, I'll be working as an assistant with you.
It's very nice to meet you.
Sorry, it's only you two right now.
I'm really sorry I had to have you come, Nakai-san.
We'll be getting more help as soon as possible, so...
The two of us is plenty.
More importantly, Takahama-sensei, could you lend me a shaver?
Even so, if we're doing two back to back one-shots this time,
why are they running TEN first when Future Watch's manuscript is already done?
They said Takahama-san's Business Boy Kunoichi had a lot of laughs put into it.
They're purposefully pitting two comedic works against each other?!
The editorial department sure is harsh.
I don't want to lose to Takahama-san,
but it'll be trouble if this ends up getting a good rank.
I think this'll lose. The story and gags don't mesh well.
But I altered it just as Miura-san told me...
That, you did...
Interesting. Make this into a manuscript.
Right.
That got through fast.
Anyhow, let's get working on the manuscript.
People don't die easily, but the trigger of a rifle is hard to pull.
That's a pretty cool line, but...
Why? Because the trigger of this rifle is stuck.
That punch line sucks.
Miyoshi's smiling.
Would most people not think that's funny?
Man, I don't have a clue what's funny or not anymore!
I don't get gags!
This is funny! I'll hold onto it. I think we'll get good results with this.
Ah, Miura-san.
You can skip the early report, please just tell us the real deal.
Got it.
So then, I'm gonna be late for Takahama-kun, so I'll head out.
Yes. Thanks for your hard work.
Thank you for your hard work!
When I see how Miura-san reacts, I feel like we could get good results.
He laughed out loud so many times...
I'd be upset about being in the bottom ranks, so I'd like to get a somewhat decent rank, but...
it's definitely not going to be above Future Watch.
Ashirogi-sensei really went for laughs, huh?
If this gets serialized, it'll overlap with our series.
That's just to keep up appearances.
The one they really want to get serialized is running next week.
Eh? They've got one running next week, too?
Ooh, you're right.
But why would they purposefully draw something they were just gonna throw out?
I heard from Yuujirou that their editor wanted them to go for comedy.
Next week's is the one they bypassed their editor to submit to the Monthly Award.
They probably thought doing what their editor told them wasn't in their best interests.
That's awesome!
Well, Ashirogi-kun is a schemer after all.
Schemer, huh? Awesome!
So Ashirogi-sensei can draw gags, too, huh?
It's interesting.
Which do you think is better, this or Future Watch?
Future Watch.
When I think about Miura, I want to root for TEN.
This one will get popular among little kids.
But the readers will choose Future Watch.
So about what rank would be best?
Hm... I guess around 5th for TEN.
And 3rd for Future Watch.
Yes, this is Takagi.
It's 10th...
10th? 101 votes...
10th?
Double digits?
There are plenty of precedents where one-shots getting 12th or 13th got serialized.
We can't be sure how it'll go yet.
Kono Yo wa Kane to Chie got 3rd in NEXT!.
The one-shot for TRAP in the Golden Future CUP got 3rd in the main magazine.
This is clear proof that Shuujin isn't suited to comedy.
Well, I'll talk to you again next week.
That'll be when the real deal results come out for Future Watch.
Do you think we should go ahead with names for Future Watch?
Sure. You can bet that won't go below 10th place.
Huh? Takahama-san.
Hello?
I knew it, Miura-san really is no good.
Business Boy Kenichi was pretty interesting, though.
It was 6th!
Well, 6th isn't bad...
It got 2nd as a one-shot.
What I submitted for the Monthly Award as a manuscript
that ran without any changes as a 45 page one-shot got 2nd.
But the first chapter of the new series with 58 pages I made with Miura-san got 6th.
I can only assume that putting in weird jokes hurt the work...
Man... why's my editor gotta be Miura-san?
Well, I didn't call you so you could listen to me complain.
I don't want the same thing to happen to you two.
Please, don't go along with Miura-san, just do it in your own style!
I kinda feel sorry for Takahama-san.
It really is a pity.
Now I'm really glad we submitted that to the Monthly Award.
Now if Future Watch gets 9th place or above, it confirms serialization.
Suddenly our hurdle is a lot lower.
Above 9th...
It's running in the same issue as a new series, so I want to get in the top 5.
You think it'll make it?
Yes, I do.
If Future Watch gets within the top 5,
maybe Miura-san will give up on us doing humor.
It's no good!
There's no way he'll give up on it!
Now I'm starting to feel bad for Miura-san.
Takagi, did you know?
Nope.
You don't say Nope there, you say About what?.
About what, then?
That'll be the real deal for Future Watch.
Yeah.
Yes, this is Takagi.
I got the real deal results.
Future Watch... got 9th.
Future Watch... got 9th.
9th?
We've just been pushed around ever since Miura-san became our editor, haven't we?
That Miura-san did it again.
Next time on Bakuman, Experience and Data.
Spinning your wheels just gets you further from your dreams.
