I won't ask for an answer right away, but would you consider writing the story for this?
B-But... I can't do that unless Mashiro agrees to it.
Oh, sorry. That's right.
A-As long as it doesn't interfere with PCP, I'm...
I do want Shiratori to get serialized.
And I want Takagi to progress as an author.
Are you sure it's okay?
Y-Yeah! Just don't make it better than PCP!
Anyway, we'll submit this one-shot with Takagi as the author.
Polish up your storyboard a bit, and make a manuscript from it.
Right.
Let's see... I would like to be able to submit this for October's Treasure,
but there's only 20 days until the application deadline.
Maybe we should shoot for November?
I can do it! I can make a manuscript in 20 days!
Then let's get this storyboard ready to make into a manuscript right away!
Right.
Okay!
First off, here at the beginning...
He's standing still, watching people talk...
Shuujin can handle two stories now.
But if this makes it to serialization...
Those two back-to-back meetings really took their toll.
I wonder if Rabuta Peace will make it?
You're the story author, so it had better!
You said it. We'd be in trouble if a story by Ashirogi Mutou didn't make it.
You mean a story by Takagi Akito, right?
Oh, right.
But I don't want to use my real name. I'll have to use an alias...
I'll change my alias.
But all this is just to prepare us for the future of Ashirogi Mutou.
Yeah.
Let's work hard on PCP and make sure our next work becomes an anime!
Our next work, huh.
Do you love this painting that much?
Yeah.
Ever since you could walk, you'd come in here and stare at that painting for hours.
Mom is arranging your study-abroad in Paris.
Aren't you glad about that?
Is being a manga artist really that awful?
We have our appearances to keep up... and you wanted to be an artist, right?
I can come look at this painting,
but Grandpa paid a lot of money to have it all to himself.
Many people can read manga with just a little money.
Many people can enjoy it.
Being a manga artist is a wonderful job.
Good, it's well drawn.
45 pages in 20 days!
You've done well!
I'm honestly surprised you've gotten it this far.
This will definitely pass!
Thank you.
I'm glad I became an assistant and got experience in inking.
I'll go ahead and submit this to Treasure, then.
Thank you.
When you became an assistant, you had no intention of becoming a manga artist.
You were satisfied with just being able to draw.
But I take it that you've changed your mind now, right?
Right.
Don't be ridiculous!
Even if you change his name,
you can't submit a manuscript to Treasure when a serialized author like Takagi is doing the story!
Don't you remember what happened last time?!
He's only doing the story this time, so I didn't think about it.
If Takagi's the author, you should have shown it to me as soon as you had a storyboard.
Well, hand it over.
Right.
This is great!
The art's good, too!
With this, we could aim for NEXT, or even Jack!
Is that all right?
I'm telling you, we have to!
Then let's aim for Jack itself!
Okay... okay... okay!
Thank you!
Takagi, he said that Rabuta Peace will be published in the November 24th issue of Jack!
What? It will?!
But I thought he submitted it to Treasure...
With Takagi as the author, apparently Treasure was off limits...
Oh, I see.
Anyways, congrats! It was a good idea to make Takagi your author!
I think so too!
If it does well, Hattori will definitely push it towards serialization...
The timing was perfect. They just happened to have an opening for a one-shot...
It's good that Shuujin is growing as an author.
I know that's true.
I'm home.
Cut it out, Peace.
Peace, listen to this!
The manga I drew based on you and me is gonna be in Jack!
Mom, I'm home.
Shun, what is Jack ?
It's a manga magazine...
Stop working as a manga assistant.
But...
I won't let you do as you please anymore.
Manga is ridiculous.
You're in 2nd this week, too.
It looks like Ashirogi's tenacity is pushing you in a good direction.
Yes! I can't afford to lose!
PCP hasn't become an anime yet, after all.
Well, PCP probably won't ever become an anime.
Why not?!
It's good!
In short, because it's a perfect crime manga.
There's a limit to what you can do with unorthodox...
TV stations have no backbone.
I'm disappointed.
In terms of rankings, they can't hope to get much better than this.
If things go on like this, they won't surpass CROW.
Huh? This is weird.
Hm? What is?
This Rabuta Peace in next week's issue.
Takagi's writing the story?
Yeah. He tried to rearrange his name, but you figured it out anyways?
I figured it out from the story.
This part about people's real feelings
Takagi has a habit of writing about people's true worth.
I see.
You said that PCP won't get an anime and won't surpass CROW, right?
Y-Yeah.
Then why is Takagi writing something like this?!
Well, I don't really...
Actually, why is that a bad thing?
It's obviously wrong!
He can't write this! It's wrong! Wrong!
Takagi speaking.
PCP is in 4th place?
Rabuta's in 5th?!
That's good enough to aim for a serialization.
All right, the manuscript is good.
So, about Rabuta Peace...
I'm already writing PCP.
So whether or not I'm going to write the story for another serialization
is something I'd like take some time to think about.
You're right.
I know you want to prioritize PCP.
Shuujin, if you're worried about me, don't be. I'm fine.
Saikou...
I'm honestly happy that you're improving yourself.
And Shiratori, you've tried so hard in such a short time.
You want to get serialized after coming this far, right?
I-I do, but...
If it's too much of an inconvenience for Takagi...
Also, my parents are against it...
They said that if I want to draw, I should study abroad.
So, do you want to draw manga or study abroad?
I want to draw manga.
Then draw!
Tell Takagi you want him to do the story!
Why are you hesitating?
Shiratori, you may not know, but Takagi does.
He knows just how hard it is to get serialized.
And how many people want it, fight for it, but just break down and give up in the end.
You can't refuse an opportunity like this!
I feel the same as Mashiro.
Of course, both you and Takagi have talent.
But you can't become serialized on talent alone.
That's right. Getting a Jack serialization isn't easy.
Okay, then. I'll do it.
But if it affects PCP, I'll pull out.
I need you to understand that.
O-Of course!
Thank you.
Is it really okay for me to write for Rabuta?
Stop asking. Just do it.
I'm also going to challenge myself.
When I'm able to draw a bit faster...
I'm going to draw another manga by myself!
Since you can't get an anime with me as your partner,
you're going to do it yourself?
That's not it.
Then why?
I want to challenge myself.
To improve Ashirogi Mutou.
It may take some time to be able to draw two manga at once,
If I can't, then it'd be pointless to even think about surpassing Eiji!
A rough sketch of one page alone takes me 93 minutes and 43 seconds.
At this pace, 19 pages will take me about 30 hours.
Without sacrificing quality...
No, I have to be faster and improve the quality!
I have to keep that in mind as I draw!
Shun, I can finalize your plans for studying abroad in Paris, correct?
I won't study abroad.
Then, you'll work at Dad's company?
I won't do that either.
How long will you continue to be so unreasonable?
Decide on one or the other, quickly.
I'm going to be a manga artist.
Don't be ridiculous!
That profession is shameful.
I'm going to draw manga!
If you won't allow it, I'll run away from home!
An innocent kid like you wouldn't be able to make it out there alone.
Thanks for dinner.
Did you draw this, Shun?
You're really good at drawing.
Let's show this to your dad.
Peace?
Oh, Peace.
It'll take Saikou a while before he's ready to draw two manga at once.
So, until he can, I'll take on writing one more manga...
Or is it impossible?
I don't even know if I can handle two yet...
Mashiro, something's up with Shiratori.
Huh? Like what?
His hair's kinda oily.
And he always smells good, but today he doesn't.
You keep a close eye on him, don't you?
Maybe he's sick and didn't take a bath last night?
This doesn't seem like a one-day thing!
This is definitely weird!
He's wearing the same clothes as yesterday.
And they're dirty!
I think it's weird, too!
O-Okay.
Shiratori, sorry, but can you stay a bit after work?
Uh, okay.
You ran away from home?!
Where is Peace right now?
He's waiting outside.
So you can either work at your dad's company, or study abroad.
Yes.
Shiratori, you want to be a manga artist, right?
Yes!
That's why I ran away from home.
Honestly, I thought I'd be happy as long as I could draw.
But when I drew a storyboard that made it into Jack, I was so happy.
When I think about the millions of people that will be reading my work, I feel like it's all worth it.
I understand that feeling, but you have to contact your family.
It's okay. They know I'm working at your studio, and they have the address.
But you shouldn't be sleeping outdoors.
Right. If they find out about it, they'll be even more worried.
Yeah.
Stay at my parents' house tonight.
I couldn't inconvenience them like
It's fine.
My dad's a realtor, so he'll find you a place.
Okay?
Thank you!
Dad, have you seen this?
The issue with Shun's manga in it?
I haven't been reading it lately, so I missed it.
Lately?
I read it when I'm out sometimes.
This is Shun and Peace, right?
Yeah.
Shun sure is something.
Things seem to have settled down. I'm glad.
Mashiro?
We should probably draw some students in the background on this page, don't you think?
Oh, you're right. Go ahead.
Can I do a detailed sketch and then show it to you?
You should always show him the sketch!
Oh, sorry.
Detailed?
On my own manuscript, I would ink in a rough sketch directly.
Shiratori, could you draw Makoto using your method? On this page?
I'm done.
He's fast!
This is all?
Shun, that's enough. We're going home.
I'm not going.
I found my own apartment.
Excuse me, but why are you so against him drawing manga?
It is an inappropriate vocation for the son of the Shiratori family.
It's all about appearances in the end.
If you want to draw, go to an art school.
If you don't get into art school, study abroad.
All according to the plan you've laid out for me that will keep up appearances.
There's more to art than painting.
I'm suited for manga.
I know that now.
Getting my work recognized made me happy.
Drawing manga is fun!
Nonsense. It's just people playing at being artists.
We're not playing at anything!
We're staking our life on it!
How rude. Please refrain from butting in on our family affairs.
Saying manga is inappropriate and that we're playing around...
You've really done it now.
We'll do it!
Shiratori and I will work together to make something great.
Something the Shiratori family can be proud of!
Shiratori can do it.
When it comes to art, even I can learn from him!
He can become a manga artist that you're not embarrassed to talk about to anyone!
I'm saying that becoming an unpopular painter would be better than him becoming a popular manga artist.
We could talk all day and never convince her.
Manga isn't as worthless as you think it is.
Manga is a form of fine art!
It's different from paintingsit's a form of expression that moves you and speaks directly to young people's hearts!
At least I consider it a form of fine art when I draw it!
Manga as fine art? Impossible.
Far from it. It's just entertainment for the masses.
Don't put it down so harshly!
It has to be art!
Shun, stop being unreasonable. If you want to draw, study abroad in Paris.
Do you understand?
I think manga is fine.
What are you talking about, Hitomi?
I've been hiding it from you, but I read Jack often.
Hitomi...
Have you read Shun's manga?
How could I?
It was good.
Dad said it was great, too.
Yeah.
Shun is doing is best to stand up against you.
He's never done that before.
He wanted it badly enough to run away.
Right, Shun?
I want to do it!
No matter what!
You're serious, right?
Yes. That's why I ran away from home.
If you won't let me, I'll have to cut ties with my family.
Shun!
You won't have to do that. Mom will understand.
But if she does insist on cutting ties with you for drawing manga...
and you give up, that's game over.
You go, girl!
Do as you like! Dear, Hitomi, we're leaving.
Everyone, take care of Shun.
Shun, don't just pop in for O-bon and New Year's.
Come home whenever you can.
Right.
Hitomi is a wonderful girl.
Good for you!
It'll be all right now.
Yeah.
I'll try my best to draw a great manga.
If I give up, it's game over.
Man! I want someone to say that to me!
Ugh.
I'm not getting the balance between the hair and the face.
Shiratori can start inking just from this...
If I can do it like that...
How much can I simplify my rough sketches?
The rest is just practice.
There was a serialization meeting yesterday.
Otter no. 11 is on an eternal break.
A break!
Finally, after four years as a manga artist, I've got a break!
Eternal?
Does that mean...
The anime's over, and the volumes aren't selling.
This was the right time. You've got six weeks left.
Therefore!
Next year, starting in April, they'll be publishing one-shots from popular authors over seven weeks
in an event called the Super Leaders Fest.
You're practically guaranteed entry.
N-No way!
If my serialization's over, I'm taking a two-year vacation!
I've already made up my mind!
Even if I tell you that Aoki is entering?
Aoki is?
Time of Blue Leaves is in a rut, and doing pretty poorly. It's getting canned.
You can use the excuse of aiming for a new serialization together to...
Hello?
I-It's Hiramaru.
We're both pretty unlucky, it seems.
R-Right. But don't let it get you down.
I also entered the Leaders Fest, so let's both do our best.
Hiramaru... you're too kind, even though your serialization just ended, too.
Um, er, thanks!
Mr. Yoshida! Aoki said she wanted to go out to tea with me!
What?!
I mean, of course! I told you, right?
Yep! Depressed girls are fragile!
It's easier to put the moves on them!
Your advice was spot-on!
All right, Hiramaru!
All we need now are your final six chapters and a storyboard for your one-shot!
Right, Instructor Yoshida!
One-shots are a piece of cake.
Super Leaders Fest?
Yeah. Among the entries are Hiramaru and Aoki, whose series were recently canceled.
And the veterans Arai and Niizuma are also participating.
Even though Niizuma's got two series going already.
Well, Niizuma can probably pull it off.
It seems like he wants to do it.
Let us enter it, too!
Well, on top of PCP, Takagi's got Rabuta Peace going into the serialization committee.
Wouldn't that be too much?
If it's too much of a burden on him, I'll do it alone!
No, I'll do it!
I think I have to!
Have to?
Hattori, if I wasn't working on Rabuta Peace, you wouldn't have objected, right?
It would be unfair to Mashiro if we couldn't participate because of me.
We're Ashirogi Mutou to the end!
I see.
That's right.
Okay then! We'll enter the Super Leaders Fest!
Thank you!
The Leaders Fest is turning out to be interesting.
It's wonderful to see authors competing and raising each other up.
I wish someone would give me a raise!
Next time: Punch and Independence.
Becoming the leader is a crucial dream!
Step and Watch
Step and Watch
Next Time
Preview
Punch and
Independence
Editorial Department
Shounen Jack
Jack SQ
Eiji Ltd.
Bleep bloop, Hitotsubashi, Chiyoda, Tokyo
Yuueisha Weekly Shounen Jack Editorial Department
Jack's February Treasure Amateur Manga Prize Coordinator
Bleep bloop, Hitotsubashi, Chiyoda, Tokyo
Yuueisha Weekly Shounen Jack Editorial Department
Jack's February Treasure Amateur Manga Prize Coordinator
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
Original work: hhKido Takaaki
Manga: hhShiratori Shun
Hattori Akira
Refuse
Accept
Must-Have Photo Collection of Manga artists and Animators
Must-Have Photo Collection of Manga artists and Animators
The Next Day
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
Rabuta Peace
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
A fantasy about a dog that holds a mysterious power
ano ne moshimo ima sugu ni kimi no moto he to
ikeru naraba kono koe ga nakunattemo ii ya
mezasu basho ga amari ni mo tooku
boku wa mou michi ni mayoisou da
kowareta jishaku wo ate ni shiteru n da
dareka no kage ni kakurete sa
tsuzukete mo kitto bokura wa otona ni wa narenai
narenai
Hey, if I could go to where you are right now
then I could accept losing my voice
The goals I've set myself seem impossible to reach,
and I feel lost on my path
I'm relying on a broken compass and hiding in another's shadow
If we keep letting go of some things in order to find something else,
then I'm convinced we can never grow up
Never
mogakinagara saikou no yume wo
katachi ni suru kono shunkan ga suki sa
tatakau you na te wo tsunagu you na
kankaku ga shigekiteni da ne
kousa shite
dakara motto migakou jibun rashiku arou
tsuzuita michi ni aru hazu
mirai wa
shinzuru mono ga chigau nakamatachi
Rival...and Friend!
butsukariau Pride
yuzurenai kore kara mo kokoro no mama susumou yo
junbi wa dekita
ikki ni kakeagaru tame no
akiramenai Pride
hisshi nanda yo suki dakara suki wo mune ni susumu n da
donna ashita ga matteru ka shiranai
bokura wa
asu mo
girigiri
ganbatteru darou
mogakinagara saikou no yume wo
katachi ni suru kono shunkan ga suki sa
tatakau you na te wo tsunagu you na
kankaku ga shigekiteni da ne
kousa shite
dakara motto migakou jibun rashiku arou
tsuzuita michi ni aru hazu
mirai wa
shinzuru mono ga chigau nakamatachi
Rival...and Friend!
butsukariau Pride
yuzurenai kore kara mo kokoro no mama susumou yo
junbi wa dekita
ikki ni kakeagaru tame no
akiramenai Pride
hisshi nanda yo suki dakara suki wo mune ni susumu n da
donna ashita ga matteru ka shiranai
bokura wa
asu mo
girigiri
ganbatteru darou
The times when I fight and struggle and dream
of all the things I want in life is the best
That's when I feel the bond between us and our strength to fight
Our view of the world overlaps and stimulates us
Let us polish ourselves, be more like how we should be
The future can be found on the path we walk
My comrades believe in different things than me
Our pride clashes
I can't give up on it, I have to do what my heart commands me to do
I'm ready
I've got the unbending pride
to run to the top now
This is my only choice, this is what I love and this is what I'll do
I don't know what tomorrow will be like
But I know that tomorrow, again,
we will do our best to get by
