I'm at the Jack New Year's party. I want to take the top spot and grant your dream one day!
yume kanaeru made chousen wa tsuzuku
boku wa dokomade chikazuketandarou?
juunengo no mirai kagayaiteru sugata wa
koukai wa shinai jibun de egaita story
fumidaseba yukute habamu genjitsu
makenai to ima mune ni chikatta
kokorozashita tsukamitai yume ga arukara
moyashite yuke jounetsu wo atsuku
yume no tochuu de meguriau deai to wakare
kimi ga oshietekureta bokudake ga motsu chikara
tachiagatteikundayo nando tsumazuitatte
Dream of life
The fight doesn't end until I fulfill my dream
I wonder how far I've come now?
In ten years, I'll be living the dream
It's the scenario I wrote for myself, so I'll have no regrets
But life isn't that easy, and it's full of obstacles
Still, I swear to myself that I won't ever back down
I have a dream that I absolutely want to achieve
So I fuel my passion until I succeed
There will be meetings and partings along the way
But I'll simply believe in my strength that you've taught me
And rise back up again and again and again
kurikaesu nibuku detarame na sekai
urusakute mimi wo fusaida
nan no tame ni kizutsukeatteiruno
Can you hear my heartbeat
Baby I trust you my friend
zetsubou ni fushita kokoro no sumi
orikasanaru mujun no kage ni
mune wo itamenagara
ashita wo yumemireruno
tooriame no ato ni mitsuketa niji wo motte
me wo tojiru fly with me donna nagai yume mo
iroasenai kimi to nara
egakidaseru kienai niji mo
deaeta ano hi ni mita tsukiakari desaemo
utsuhidasu nandodemo
nandodemo
In this world, every day is dull and full of nonsense
I cover my ears, trying to mute the noise
Why do people hurt each other?
In the contradictory, overlapping shadows
on the recesses of my heart, fallen into despair
While carrying this pain in my chest,
can I really dream of tomorrow?
Remembering the rainbow I found after the rain,
I close my eyes; come fly with me into my dream
If I have you, who shines so strong
I can envision an everlasting rainbow
And even remember the moonlight that lit us the night we met
I can picture them... countless times
over and over again
juurai karametorareteku wana ni
shikakerareta omoi wa sagashite
Before, caught in a trap,
I search for the tricked feelings
Silence and The Party
Silence and The Party
Detective
Detective
Super Hero Legend
Super Hero Legend
TV Anime Now Airing
January 1 7th, New years party
Special Prize
Moritaka Mashiro
Moritaka Mashiro
Excited!!
Excited!!
I'm at the Jack New Year's
I'm at the Jack New Year's
party__
party.
I want to take the top spot
I want to take the top spot
and grant your dream one__
and grant your dream one
day!__
day!
END
END
Silence
Silence
Next Time
Preview
Anthologies and
Photo Albums
Alright, we're ready.
We'll have Hattori sit there.
I'm kind of nervous.
He said he had some things to talk about, like the contract and the assistants.
He's here!
Congrats on the serialization!
Ah, thank you.
Why is someone else here?
Does it have something to do with the contract?
I'm Miura. I've been with Jack since last year.
Nice to meet you!
Y-Yeah...
Same here.
Miura will be supervising you two from now on.
What?!
You already have a place to work?
That's great!
We got it from a relative who's a manga artist.
Really? How's the rent?
Kawaguchi Tarou's workplace, huh.
It's really cheap; about as much as the utility bills.
That's great!
You could have rented a room with your signing bonus, but you've saved yourselves the trouble.
Great, great!
Miura!
Don't be in such a rush.
First, we have to discuss the transfer.
Ah, yes.
As I mentioned earlier,
Detective TRAP will be supervised by Miura, not me.
Why?
I'm in charge of other serializations and also just took over One Piece.
It wouldn't be a good idea just to hand off these two to someone else.
That's why he was assigned to this new project.
Even though we've been in this together until now...
Is there absolutely no way you can do it?
That's right.
This isn't uncommon.
A little while ago, even a veteran author had their supervisor switched on them.
They protested to their editors, but were convinced eventually.
Yeah, I remember that.
They probably wouldn't even listen if new guys like you complained.
It's alright! I'll do my best! Bring it on!
We'll be in your care.
Please take care of us.
Yeah, leave it to me!
I'll get going, then.
It's hard to keep a serialization going.
Do your best, Ashirogi Muto!
Miura, I'll leave them to you.
Okay!
Hattori sure is cool.
It may not be unusual for this to happen, but...
You've got the wrong idea.
Yesterday, he was begging so desperately to be allowed to work on Ashirogi Muto, they got angry with him.
Hattori!
Thank you for everything!
Thank you!
You'd better show me a good manga!
Yes sir!
Bye.
My uncle said it too.
You can't do anything about an editor change, and getting used to one takes a while.
This is the reality of being a professional.
Also, it bothers me that supervisors are like lottery tickets; you could end up with a winner or a loser.
Hattori was definitely a winner.
Hey now, am I a loser?
Ah, well..
It'll be fine!
I'm still only 23!
Let's combine our youthful spirits and go for it!
Yeah...
That much?!
Our contractual salary is that high?
It's too much for you high schoolers.
If you needed a place to work, we'd give you more money, but you guys already have one.
So you're not actually getting that amount.
Well then, your script payment is Y12,000 per page, with a 50 color page bonus.
Huh? But I heard it was Y9,000 for new authors.
That's for non-serialized work. For serializations, it's Y12,000.
Anyways, stop interrupting and listen. These are the arrangements.
Okay.
The copyright belongs to Yueisha.
No other magazine may publish your work.
That's about it.
We don't have the leisure to draw for another magazine!
Quite the opposite - since our annual contract is with you, I want to make sure it runs continuously for the whole year.
That's the spirit!
I'll bring a proper contract next time, so you can sign it then.
Okay.
There's also the problem of your assistants,
but I managed to get a pro named Ogawa. He's talented.
But I don't have many new people, so I've got no other talented people to give you.
Do you have anyone you know who could help you?
Someone who dabbles in manga or something.
Acquaintances?
Ishizawa?
No way.
Having someone assist you with the inking and tone would help a lot.
Maybe Miyoshi?
She's our last resort.
Alright, I'll handle it.
I'll find two young people with serious personalities.
Okay.
Um, how much does it cost for an assistant?
Ah, that's important.
A young assistant costs Y10,000 per day.
About Y160,000 per month working four days per week.
At the most, Ogawa would cost you Y380,000 per month.
Y380,000?!
These days, you can only pull people in with that kind of salary, so it can't be helped.
It requires a high skill level, and he'll direct and supervise the other assistants for you.
Also, assistants have expenses like travel and food.
Until it's published, we're in the red!
If it gets canceled before then, we'll stay in the red!
Please don't talk about being in debt when we've just been serialized.
Oh yeah, sorry.
Let's see, is it alright if they stay over here?
There's only enough space in the next room to nap.
My uncle did a gag manga, so the assistants just went home the next day.
Your uncle was successful enough for assistants? What's his name?
His name's Kawaguchi Tarou...
What?!
The author of that Super Hero Legend?!
I see.
That's why that poster's here!
Awesome!
So that work was born here!
I really loved it when I read it in middle school!
I'm so impressed!
I'm expecting even more from you now that I know your uncle is Kawaguchi Tarou!
Next comes the schedule.
The deadline is two weeks before Jack goes on sale.
In other words, two weeks before the Monday that the issue is released.
Ideally, we want the finished manuscript by the Friday before that.
The final deadline for TRAP is February 4th.
The first volume is 54 pages. The second is 27.
It really only has to be 25, but you wanted a bit more?
Yes, we'll take care of it.
I'd like you to turn that in as soon as possible.
I want to wait for the survey results for Volume 4 onwards, so we won't get into those yet.
Are you fine with the assistants starting at the beginning of the year?
Ah, yes.
He's going through this so fast. Is this guy a winner?
We can't have you lose to them!
Um... Hiramaru Kazuya of Otters 11 is new, like us, right?
What kind of person is he?
I haven't met him yet, but according to the editorial department, he quit his job as a salary man to do manga.
Quitting an office job?
It seems that at the age of 26, he suddenly quit his job and started drawing manga.
Without having read much manga before then, his first work got honorable mention in a monthly contest.
A genius on another level like Niizuma.
Great things are expected from him more than anyone else.
More than anyone else?
More than Eiji?
Hey, it's alright!
Otters is like a gag manga, and it has a different writing style.
Besides, there's no use comparing different manga with each other!
All that matters is that yours is good.
Yes!
I think so too!
We'll give it our all!
Alright! You guys are still young!
You're gonna flare up and burn out!
Um, we don't want to burn out...
Ah, that was a slip of the tongue. Don't worry about it!
Is he a winner or loser?
He doesn't seem like a bad guy.
Just one more thing.
January 17th is the New Year's party.
New Year's party?
Are we invited too?
All serialized manga authors attend!
If authors don't attend without a good reason, the editors in charge of them won't have it easy!
New Year's party...
I'm happy, but nervous!
It's not a problem of being nervous!
Anyway, a car will be coming to pick you up.
A car?!
A car's picking you up, huh? Serialized manga authors are pretty amazing.
Today's our meeting with the assistants. I'm kind of nervous.
Shouldn't I come then? I could do odd jobs.
You'd calm down if a girl was there!
No.
There will only be men working today; five of them.
This is a man's workplace.
It'll be different from before.
Alright. I'll refrain.
This is the chief assistant, Ogawa.
Nice to meet you.
And this is Kato.
It's an honor to meet you!
I'll be in your care.
Also...
Miura!
You didn't say anything about a girl coming!
Kato only lives 3 train stops from here. She won't be staying the night.
And she has a year of experience as an assistant in both shoujo and shounen manga.
You won't find another person with that much experience!
But...
You'll get distracted if there's a girl here?
Silly young man.
That's not it! But my girlfriend...
What?!
Should we get Miyoshi to do the inking?
And that's Takahama. He's 19.
Of the people under me, he's the best at drawing.
He avoided my gaze!
He works fast and has unlimited potential as an assistant.
Doesn't that mean he has no experience?
Well then, Ogawa.
Alright.
We're short one desk.
And a tracer.
The copier is old, but it looks like it will be fine.
Sensei, where is the computer and printer?
Computer?
We don't have one here.
There are quite a few reference books here,
but it's best for Detective TRAP's backgrounds to be realistic.
I'd like to take pictures of scenery with a digital camera, edit and trace them here.
Got it. I'll arrange it right away.
That's okay, right?
Ah, yes, please do.
Oh, you already have a penned-in manuscript.
Tako, Takahama.
Finish up one page each.
Then, matching their art, draw other characters.
Yes!
Awesome! So this is a pro assistant!
I know, right?
Sensei.
Are you weak at drawing right-facing faces?
Yes, I sketch them in reverse.
Really?
Regardless of that, look at the whole manuscript in reverse and check for deviances.
Though you're good at it, a little discrepancy stands out.
Okay, that's enough.
I'll do most of the backgrounds and spread the work among the three of us.
And I'll leave the characters to Takahama.
Finishing will be done by the person with less work.
Miura, if the first volume is 54 pages, and the second is 27,
we should turn this in soon.
He's really great!
I have to work hard!
It's our first serialization!
I borrowed my brother's suit...
Is it really that strange?
You look like a salary man. I'm going in this.
Are you serious?!
They said to come in everyday clothes.
You can't take that seriously.
Don't you think it's rude to greet the authors without wearing appropriate clothes?
Y-You think so?
Is this the Ashirogi residence?
Yes.
I'll be assisting you today. I'm Tanaka from Metropolitan Transportation.
Oh, okay!
He's already been waiting for 15 minutes?
He said he got here early to avoid being late!
I feel bad for making him wait, so let's hurry up!
Hey, wait up!
You are Ashirogi, correct?
Please step inside.
O-Okay.
If we leave now, we'll get there 40 minutes early.
But I can arrange for us to arrive at a more suitable time.
What would you like?
W-Well then, we would like to arrive 15 minutes early.
Understood.
Being driven around like this makes me feel extra nervous.
That's right, I need to practice.
Greetings. My name is Takagi of the pair of authors under the name Ashirogi Muto,
creators of the manga Detective TRAP which will begin serialization in February.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Isn't it kind of long?
It's fine.
I can just finish with I'm Mashiro.
No fair!
You should talk too!
No way, it's not my thing.
Why not?
We've arrived.
What's with this gathering of suspicious black cars?!
Scary!
If you have any belongings, you may leave them in the cloak room.
Please take this number card with you.
O-Okay!
Oh, you're here.
Miura, Hattori!
Thank goodness. I feel kind of out of place.
This is some place!
If your serialization continues, you'll come here every year!
You get used to it.
Niizuma is already here.
Shinohara! It's been a while!
Yeah, really out of place...
Ashirogi!
Have a belated Happy New Year!
Niizuma!
He's in his usual sweats!
Minors mustn't drink.
There's plenty of juice.
This is also juice.
Japan!
Who's that?
Was there an editor who looked like that?
That's my new friend, Hiramaru.
New friend?
Hiramaru?! That's him?!
You just randomly approached me.
He's the genius who may even be better than Eiji!
Nice to meet you! We're Ashirogi Muto!
Nice to meet you!
Are you classmates of his? Is it alright to bring friends to the New Year's party?
Both of them are authors.
The artist and writer of Ashirogi Muto.
Two in one!
Really. There are a lot of young manga authors.
Sorry about that, sensei.
At any rate, I've come to a pretty strange place.
This place is great.
There's a lot of delicious food.
It's like I took a wrong turn. Not on the highway, but in life.
There's no way I can be a manga author.
No way? Didn't you want to become a manga author?
Did I want to? For a moment I did think that.
I was briefly possessed by the idea, you might say.
One day, when I was tired of going to work, I picked up an edition of Jack and thought I could do it, too.
Jeez, what the hell was I doing? I screwed up.
He thinks he screwed up even though he was serialized?
Hey you, bring me another!
Yes sir!
Then what did you want to do?
I just didn't want to work.
But now I've got a monthly serialization. That's impossible.
Why do people have to work?
I just want to sleep and eat.
I should have been born as a panda in a zoo!
Oh, is that why it's called Otter 11 ?
I see. Subconsciously, I think the otter in the aquarium is better off than a human.
Hiramaru, there you are.
Damn, it's him.
He's the one who flattered me by saying You have talent and You're a genius!
Before the party gets going,
let's talk about the problem spots in the third volume...
Yoshitashi! Do you think it's good to be alive?!
Alright, lets go with that.
The catchphrase of your third volume...
Hiramaru is kind of weird and interesting.
There you are.
It's about to start, so come up to the front...
Huh? What's wrong?
Uh, we were just hit by Hiramaru's bad mood.
Bad mood?
Speaking of which, he did say serialization was impossible.
Well, there are certainly people who are uncertain when they get serialized so suddenly.
But once you start up, it'll all work out.
You two will be fine!
Probably.
Excuse me, everyone. Thank you all for taking time out of your busy schedules to come here.
Thank you for allowing me to be your host for this New Year's party.
My name is Aida Soichi, and I work in Shounen Jack's editorial department.
Champagne for the toast?
Thank you very much.
Let's pretend to drink it.
Nice attitude.
First of all, let's have a few words from Mr. Torishima of the Board of Directors.
That's who Arare-chan's Mashirito and S uper Hero Legend's Torishiman are based on!
I'm Torishima.
Torishima was a model for chief editors while I was working there.
I was happy when he came up to me at the New Years party, asked Who said you could put me in there?!, and strangled me.
You were happy?
We're good friends.
And now I'm at the same New Year's party.
Thank you very much.
Are we done already?
Another few words, then.
No thanks.
Well then, continuing on,
I'd like to ask Akimoto to lead the toast on behalf of all the authors.
Cheers!
I'm going to eat a lot.
Niizuma, you took too much-
Oh, there's delicious-looking stuff over there too!
Are you perhaps Ashirogi?
Ah, yes.
My name's Arai. My Baked Cheese manga is getting serialized the volume before yours.
Nice to meet you. I'm Takagi.
I'm Mashiro.
Pleased to make your acquaintance.
You are high schoolers, I hear?
Yes.
Its nice to be fresh-faced.
Ah, I was just thinking of taking them around to meet everyone.
I see. It's tough for newcomers.
Do your best.
Yes!
Oishi, can I talk to you for a minute?
Yes, that's fine.
Manga should be interesting.
61!
Number 61!
Does anyone have Bingo?
Bingo.
It's number 61!
Are you serious?
Our first winner, Takagi. Which prize would you like?
Um... the TV.
The special prize right off the bat!
It's perfect, since the TV in our workplace is still analog.
Being a manga author really is about hard work, self-confidence, and luck!
More like hard work, conceit, and luck.
But maybe we've used up our luck with this.
Don't say things like that.
I hear you won't give the go ahead for an anime yet?
Yuujirou said that an anime will catch up to the manga soon, so I shouldn't do it.
He's unexpectedly cautious.
Niizuma, will you give me your autograph?
One of my relatives is a fan.
Sure. Who should I make it out to?
Niizuma Eiji looks like he's having fun.
Is he delaying an anime adaptation?
He's already become a real, serious manga author.
Niizuma! Talk to me more! Reassure me!
Can we be like that?
Niizuma!
I want to be able to come here every year.
Yeah, we'll definitely come back.
For that, you need to work hard on your serialization.
Hattori!
Well? Have you gotten a bit used to it?
Ah, well, somehow.
The people here are really charismatic, and we got a bit overwhelmed.
This is a great opportunity. Enjoy it.
If you like, there's an after party, and an after-after party!
This is the only one high schoolers should attend.
Don't give them undue temptations.
Editor-in-Chief!
Ah, well, that was...
Mashirito!
This is Mashiro and Takagi. Their serialization begins this year.
Kawaguchi Tarou.
What happened to him was a shame.
As someone who worked with him, I can only feel regret.
He was a man with guts. You could say that backfired on him.
Yes sir.
I'm glad to have the opportunity to serialize people like you two.
Do your best.
Yes!
I'd like to do the things my uncle couldn't do, and the things he left undone.
What he couldn't do?
What he left undone?
What he couldn't do was make a living off of manga alone.
What he left undone was getting first place in the survey!
How promising.
The best chance of getting first place in the survey is in the first year of serialization.
No. Popular manga authors want to get the top spot and have a long-running series.
No matter how long it takes.
The possibility isn't zero.
Rather than thinking that, you think the possibilities are infinite.
Instead of thinking I'd like to make that a reality, you think By my actions, I'll make it a reality.
I heard that from some movie.
Yes!
Though the party is in full swing,
It's over.
Goodbye.
unfortunately it's about time to wrap things up.
Thank you very much!
We reserved the hall for a short time...
Number one on the survey?
I'm sending a text to Azuki...
So I don't forget the determination I had today!
Mashiro...
Our serialization is about to start, but...
There's something else?
Azuki, why did you send that text?
What text?!
Next time, Anthologies and Photo Albums
Which is more important, dreams or reality?
