It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
Gel Magic: Sticky Salamander!
Mine!
Remember this, Magic Knights.
We are the Eye of the Midnight Sun...
The ones who will destroy the Clover Kingdom.
Asta!
I've been waiting for you.
H-He's...
The Wizard King, Julius Novachrono?!
Kill him!
I-Impossible!
I killed them.
It would've been too difficult with your numbers.
How about it? I'll let one of you survive, so why not surrender?
It'll be first come, first served.
Don't underestimate us!
How is he moving like that?! I can't keep up!
I guess I don't have a choice.
I might be able to handle these numbers.
Time Binding Magic: Chrono Stasis.
What... is this?
I can't move...
I guess I was able to restrain all of you.
Were you more worn out than I thought?
Ow...
Hey there, Asta.
We seem to be connected by fate somehow.
R-Right...
You want to become the Wizard King someday, right?
In that case, watch carefully and don't look away.
This is only a small fraction of what you'll have to surpass.
Something's coming?
That's blinding!
What is this light?!
I would always close my eyes
And cower at reality
I can't stand the idea
Of just making excuses to give up
Stand right there
I don't want to be near you
Any minute now
Just wait right there
(The decisive battle is still a long way off)
Black and blue
I'll give up on giving up
And get the world on my side
I'm looking for the reason I'm alive
Every time somewhere under this sky
Break through the tearful nights
And head where the light shines
I want to keep my promise
I'll deliver it to you
shape of love
Light
Everyone's gone!
Looks like he got us.
He took all of his little friends back.
Light magic that's faster than my own... I wonder if that was the enemy's boss.
He seems interesting... I mean, formidable.
But...
We managed to keep one.
I finally got through.
Where are you, Wizard King?
Hello there, Marx.
Sorry about that. I've been a bit busy, so I blocked the communication spell.
Never mind that. Please hurry to the medical ward.
Fuegoleon... Leopold...
I hope they wake up soon.
Indeed.
We've strengthened the magic barrier and repaired the communication spells.
We've gathered more Magic Knights
and are having them scout every inch of the town
to ensure no enemies remain.
I'm sure the royal capital is fine now.
We're also looking for that awfully loud er, lively Black Bulls boy.
He wouldn't die so easily!
Curse you, Asta. I'm going to punch you when you get back.
This magic...
Hey, everyone. Great work.
Th-The Wizard King?
Asta!
H-Hey, guys. Looks like you're all here.
Is that... an enemy?
Man, I thought I was done for.
Hmph! It's because you're always so reckless.
I hope you learned your lesson, Stupidsta.
Thank goodness!
Asta!
You're safe, Asta!
I'm... I'm so glad you came back alive!
I thought you were dead. I'm so glad.
Y-Yeah... Thanks for worrying about me.
I thought you were going to punch him.
Asta!
I was so, so worried about you!
I-I'm sorry!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
I see...
Despite how strong Fuegoleon is, we don't know when he'll wake up.
That was a miscalculation on my part.
No, this was due to our inexperience.
We've confirmed that the pendant Fuegoleon was wearing is missing.
Pendant?
Could that be what they were after?
Who in the world could they be?
From what they said,
they appear to be a terrorist group with a grudge against the kingdom.
We are the Eye of the Midnight Sun...
The ones who will destroy the Clover Kingdom.
But it doesn't seem to be that simple.
The jewels embedded into that stone slab...
Was Fuegoleon's pendant a part of that?
It had several holes that were still empty,
but what happens when they gather all of them?
There is the possibility that Fuegoleon was targeted because of his pendant,
but there's also a high possibility
that his strength and ideals would've gotten in their way.
I've been investigating various dissidents in secret,
and this is the first time I've picked up their trail.
But to think that they were planning something that extraordinary and powerful.
Maybe I shouldn't have left the capital.
We'll get the details from our captive later.
In any case,
people look to the Magic Knights for one thing...
Peace in the Clover Kingdom.
In order to preserve that, we'll keep fighting with everything we have.
Yes, sir!
If you'll excuse me.
Nozel...
What is that guy's problem?
We're supposed to be showing solidarity right now. Take the hint, man!
Has the enemy
awakened not a sleeping lion, but a sleeping hawk?
Pathetic.
What an appalling spectacle.
Never let this happen again, Nozel.
And Fuegoleon, I will find the scum who did this to you
and slay them myself.
I hope I never feel this useless again.
Right.
We shall become stronger.
Indeed.
I'm the one who'll become the strongest!
Leopold!
You need to be resting!
Asta! I'm relieved that we both pulled through!
As my rival who has faced death with me, you must also get stronger!
I will surpass my brother!
I'm going to be the next Wizard King!
And this...
Fuegoleon,
what is that mark on your forehead?
Ah, this?
This mark is handed down in the Vermillion family as a sign of a personal oath.
It's worn only by those prepared to conquer themselves and become king.
This... is the mark of my oath.
Yeah! I don't really get it, but it looks like you're worthy to be my rival.
So... who the heck are you, anyway?!
What?!
How?! How could you still not know who I am?!
I only remember people who properly introduce themselves!
I am Leopold Vermillion!
We're going to be friends, so call me Leo!
Y-You're moving way too fast!
I don't want to hear that from you!
The Wizard King concluded that the attack on the royal capital
had been the work of anti-Clover Kingdom terrorists.
He declared his intent to continue resolutely opposing them,
and the masses were fully supportive.
The enemy's invasion was enabled by
the disappearance of some of the mages who maintained the capital's magic barrier.
Had the enemy done away with them, or had they defected?
This fact was not made public, but the Wizard King was sure of it.
I don't want to believe it,
but there's a traitor among the mages in the royal capital.
Interrogation Room
It's no use.
There's some kind of protection on them,
and I can't search for information.
Even if there wasn't, we'd never talk.
Our master is the light in the darkness!
He's our god!
He's the only one who hasn't abandoned us.
We will never betray him.
Apparently, their master has some absolute unifying force and fearsome magical power.
I'm assuming the one who defeated Captain Fuegoleon is also their master.
Indeed.
When he wakes up, we may learn something.
Let us wait for the Lion King to awaken.
Damn it! Damn it!
Damn it!
Damn it all to hell!
They hurt. They hurt...
My wounds hurt!
That stupid little brat Asta...
I'm going to kill him, no matter what!
I'm going to gather the ultimate army of the dead!
That anti-magic kid, Asta...
You can't kill him, Rades.
I want to tinker with him while he's still alive.
What?
Not to mention, I already treated your wounds,
so there's no way they'd still be hurting.
Shut up! They still ache!
I saw that brat first!
Hands off, Sally!
Can't hear you, can't hear you, can't hear you!
I hope I see you again soon, Asta!
For the next time I see you, Asta...
I'll use the little samples I got while you were in the gel,
and research and research!
I couldn't save Geork and Catherine.
Those two have big egos, but they worship you.
They won't give them any information on us.
That's not what I'm worried about.
As long as they're alive, I will save them, no matter what.
I thought I had dodged it, but I seem to have taken a little of the attack.
Magic that accelerates time... and drastically.
The Wizard King... As expected, he has phenomenal power.
But we will build up our strength and defeat him.
In order to get our revenge and establish a new country that will be ours alone.
Mister and Miss Magic Knight,
thank you for saving me!
No problem!
I just did the obvious thing.
This is to thank you. I made them myself.
They look great!
Thank you so much!
Bye, now!
So good!
Why...
Where the nummy things are, there I shall be!
More importantly, have a bite.
La? La?
Uh, she gave those to us...
Don't sweat the details.
Come on. They're delicious.
Th-Thanks?
I guess I don't mind having one...
It's good!
What a surprise. It's actually good.
You seem to be in an unusually good mood.
I had a fateful encounter.
You're probably too young to understand.
By the way, how did you get into the castle?
Like this!
Seriously?
Is her magic actually really amazing?
That's...
Hey!
It's Asta and Noelle.
Asta!
Have your wounds fully healed? I asked you that before, didn't I?
I'm fine, like I said before!
Yuno, I heard you took down the enemy like it was nothing, you jerkface!
Jerkface?
My meal-saving prince!
Hey, Yuno! Greet me properly, you jerk!
Wait, you know my prince?
Don't get a big head just because you took one down!
Courtesy makes the world go round!
Yuno?
Huh? Was that too much?
What do you think you're doing, Yuno?!
Is he stupid?! Was he actually trying to kill us?
See ya, Shrimpsta
See ya, Shrimpsta.
Who are you calling Shrimpsta, Yuno, you jerk?!
Come down here and fight me right now!
Don't shoot something like that just so you can write magic letters!
Don't you dare ignore me and leave!
Ah, the ferocious storm of love.
Ignoring me is the worst thing you could do!
Hey, wait, Yuno!
Yuno's magic has gotten much stronger.
What could've happened in such a short amount of time?
Asta,
I'm going to get stronger,
so the next time we meet, I'll be able to fight alongside you!
And then... And then...
I guess we'll just have to fight when we both get a lot stronger.
I'm not going to lose, Yuno!
The stronger you become, I'll get even stronger!
Black Bulls' Base
Man, I'm so exhausted from my mission.
So tired.
However!
We got recognized for our deeds and got a star!
That's right, Magna!
Not so close!
Our combo attack, the Crackling Magna Typhoon, was amazing, wasn't it?
Crackling Magna Typhoon
We're never doing that move again!
Thank goodness you're all back safe.
I'm gonna keep on showing the other Black Bulls how it's done!
Asta, my time has arrived! Make sure you keep up!
Yes, sir!
Oh, by the way, Magna.
What's up?
They were so impressed with what I did during all the trouble at the capital
that they made me a third-class junior Magic Knight at a special awards ceremony!
Huh?
What?!
Wait, what's a third-class junior Magic Knight?
No idea.
What?!
Have you guys been Magic Knights all this time without knowing what that is?
It's a Magic Knight rank.
And since you guys haven't changed since you all joined,
you're still fifth-class Magic Knights.
Better start showing Asta some respect.
What?!
Huh?
And by the way, Charmy became a first-class junior Magic Knight.
On your knees, inferiors!
What?!
Make sure you follow me, you inferiors!
Apparently, they were impressed that she captured one of the rebels.
Looks to me like she was just trying to beat her up, though.
Worship me!
What's that weird dance?
This is somehow very infuriating!
Anyway, well done, kid.
But Captain Fuegoleon...
Huh? Fuegoleon?
Who do you think you're worrying about, punk?
That hot-blooded king of seriousness won't die that easily.
I bet he'll come back even stronger.
Of course!
All right! I'm going to train even harder and get stronger, too!
No, you're gonna rest.
Huh?
You're too injured. You're going to die. Are you stupid?
But you made me do it in the first place!
Yeah! You need to take a break!
You too, Noelle?
How stupid are you?
A break...
A break? You're getting time off, Asta?
Then let's head to a mixer!
Huh?!
A m-mixer?!
You get to work.
I'll set everything up!
I just told you to get to work.
Things are getting busy!
I'll kill you.
Wait, do you wanna come too, Captain Yami?
My dry emotions gaze at the me from that day
And push me forward
(I can't find a place to go)
Even the faintest light can still break through the darkness
And change the flow of time
(I will keep believing in you)
In this ever-vivid place
(Break free yourself)
In order to grasp my endless dream
If there is a path that I should choose
(Do you wanna try? Do you wanna try?)
Wherever it may lead us
Until my life comes to an end
I will accept any pain that comes my way
(We can try again, we can try again)
Even if we can't see tomorrow
Holding onto feelings too intense to voice
I'll keep screaming them in my heart
Petit Clover!
Captain Yami's Lecture on Magic Knight Rankings
Captain Yami's... Wait, what is this?
Magic Knight... Ugh, I can't be bothered.
Wizard King Grand Magic Knight 1st-5th Class Senior Magic Knight 1st-5th Class Intermediate Magic Knight 1st Class Junior Magic Knight 2nd Class Junior Magic Knight
Wizard King Grand Magic Knight 1st-5th Class Senior Magic Knight 1st-5th Class Intermediate Magic Knight 1st Class Junior Magic Knight 2nd Class Junior Magic Knight 3rd Class Junior Magic Knight 4th Class Junior Magic Knight 5th Class Junior Magic Knight
So the most important is the Wizard King, and then there's Grand Magic Knight...
This is too much work.
Why are you making a Grand Magic Knight read this?
I'll kill you!
What?!
Is this what they call love?
My meal-saving prince!
Black Clover, Page 28: The One I've Set My Heart On.
Page 28 The One I've Set My Heart On
Wait, is Asta falling in love, too?
