It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun's Secret
I'm sure you've heard, but apparently the Queen of Witches from the Witches' Forest
has cured Asta's arms.
Such wonderful news. I was so worried, I couldn't slee
I mean, never mind!
I had no trouble sleeping at all!
I mean, you two were so worried, but I'm sure you're both relieved now.
I wasn't worried about him.
Neither was I!
But Klaus, you were dumping water over yourself every night and praying for Asta.
May Asta's arms get better! May Asta's arms get better!
H-How did you know that?!
I was also going to pray, but you were already ther
I mean, never mind! I didn't see a thing!
I didn't, either! I didn't douse myself with water and pray!
Not a chan
Ahem!
I'm sure you know why I called you two here.
You got serious so suddenly.
This is about the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
They showed up in the Witches' Forest and attempted to take the magic stone
that belonged to the Queen of Witches.
Thankfully, Asta and the others faced them and were able to obtain the magic stone.
Asta's amazing, as always.
We don't know when or where we might end up fighting the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
And that's why... we're going to have an Eye of the Midnight Sun study session!
First, Yuno, tell me everything you know about the Eye of the Midnight Sun!
What I know?
Well, they suddenly attacked the royal capital.
We Magic Knights went to face them.
See if you can take my magic!
Flame Magic: Spiral Flames!
Flame Magic: Sol Linea!
Steel Creation Magic: Fierce Spiral Lance!
Glass Creation Magic: Verre Fleur!
Sand Creation Magic: Sand-Armored Heavy Guard!
If you're hurt, please come see me!
Earth Creation Magic: Raging Mother Goddess!
I will not allow anyone to touch me.
Briar Creation Magic: Corpse-Hunting Briar Trees!
Water Creation Magic: Slashing Sea Serpent!
Mist Magic: Solid Mist Clones!
Accept your punishment.
Mercury Magic: Rain of Silver.
Punishment for the crime of daring to threaten the people
of this country.
Flame Creation Magic: Leo Rugiens!
Burn to ashes!
Th-They're amazing!
The Magic Knights!
They're so powerful!
Let me just tell you one thing about me.
hate losing more than anything else!
Wind Spirit Magic: Sylph's Breath!
But what the enemy was truly after
was the captain of the Crimson Lion Kings, Fuegoleon Vermillion.
You're...
I see...
Despite how strong Fuegoleon is, we don't know when he'll wake up.
That was a miscalculation on my part.
No, this was due to our inexperience.
We've confirmed that the pendant Fuegoleon was wearing is missing.
The jewels embedded into that stone slab...
Next, the Eye of the Midnight Sun appeared near the town of Nean.
Asta and a few others who were on break met them there.
It appears that Asta was fated to cross paths with the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
In Nean, the leader of the Eye of the Midnight Sun, Licht, and...
Allow me to introduce them.
They are the strongest three in the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
The Third Eye!
Third Eye
With a name meaning the opposite of faith, Raia the Disloyal.
Raia the Disloyal
With a name meaning the opposite of hope, Vetto the Despair.
Vetto the Despair
And with a name meaning the opposite of love, Fana the Hateful.
Fana the Hateful
I think it's about time we end this.
Die.
Spirit Magic: Salamander's Breath.
Despite how powerful Captain Yami is,
the strongest three of the Eye of the Midnight Sun gave him trouble.
Looks like you're having fun, Yami.
Let us play, too.
Aw, man... Another second or two, and something would've awakened in me.
I'm amazed you can even say those words when you look like that.
Honestly, how pathetic are you that you actually have to rely on us?
Captain Jack the Ripper from the Green Praying Mantises,
Captain Nozel Silva from the Silver Eagles,
and Captain Charlotte Roselei from the Blue Rose Knights came to assist.
Briar Creation Magic: Corpse-Hunting Briar Trees!
Severing Magic: Death Scythe!
The one I have business with is you.
Mercury Magic: Silver Spears!
I finally weakened him this much. There's no way I'm letting him go!
I figured you'd try that!
Farewell.
You're after the leader's head, too, right?
Go on. Go!
Not giving up...
How'd you like that? No magic in that attack!
Crap!
Why?
Why do you have that grimoire?
Why do you...
have the Demon-Slayer Sword and the Demon-Dweller Sword?
Those swords belong to the master!
This crappy grimoire and these crappy swords belong to me!
No...
That grimoire is...
If this keeps up, you won't last, Licht!
Trinity Sealing Magic!
You worked a little too hard there, Licht.
Our boss isn't feeling too good, so we're gonna head home for today.
The next time we meet, I'll show you what true despair is!
And that will be the end of you.
We, the Eye of the Midnight Sun, are always watching you.
They were somehow able to fight off Licht and the Third Eye.
If I had been there, everything would've been easier for them.
They wouldn't have been so badly hurt.
After further investigation,
we were able to determine why they were after Captain Fuegoleon's pendant.
They call the stones that were set into it magic stones.
They believe that if they collect all of them,
they will be reborn into their true forms,
which are linked closely to mana, and gain enormous power.
Apparently they also went after Fuegoleon
because they wanted the magic stone that he had.
There are three magic stones left.
They know the location of one of them.
And where's that?
In a strong magic region...
The Underwater Temple.
So you want us to get there before the Eye of the Midnight Sun does
and snatch the magic stone or whatever?
I'm counting on you, Yami.
And you, Asta...
Yes, sir!
I got too excited and knocked the air out of myself!
I've never seen someone self-destruct from saluting.
And then the Black Bulls headed to the Underwater Temple.
Asta again?
He should've just given me the mission.
I guess the Wizard King is rather fond of Asta, too.
Not a chance.
Once the Black Bulls arrived at the Underwater Temple,
they searched for the magic stone.
But the Eye of the Midnight Sun arrived again,
and one of the members of the most powerful Third Eye, Vetto the Despair, appeared.
Looks like you're having fun.
Why don't you let us join in?
We'll hit him with all the magic we've got!
Combo Magic: Flame Lightning Explosive Cannon!
Now... scream! Despair!
Ib I gwabe up...
Fu curd I brotec?
Huh?
He said, If I gave up, who could I protect?
Oh? All this power
from a little bird's song and a mouse's dance.
Frontier magic is truly intriguing.
That's right! This spell was created because we're here!
We served the sea god, praying, singing and dancing...
We spent a long time that way, weaving the magic into our lives!
That's right! Ever since we were little, we've offered up this song
and dance to the sea god and the rest of our people!
This spell...
of the Underwater Temple!
Did they do it?
So what?
Big Brother!
Dreams? Bonds?
You have no right to talk about such things!
Kahono!
What is this power?
Let my friend go!
Girl, you're royalty?
I'm Noelle Silva of the Black Bulls!
How dare you hurt my friends and comrades?!
Water Creation Magic: Sea Dragon's Roar!
I did it!
Impressive... You managed to draw me out, human.
What's with that eye?
Now, it's payback time.
Mythical Beast Magic...
A-Asta!
Not yet...
Not yet, damn it!
We haven't given up yet!
Despair...
You've lost!
After working together, they finally...
How do you like that, you bastard?!
Asta!
Little boy!
Well done! I'm so proud of you!
You're so amazing, la!
Damn... That shrimp is full of guts.
This magic...
I'm taking you all down with me... No...
I'll blow this whole temple to smithereens!
All right! Bring it on!
Right, consider it brought.
Hey, you dumbasses. You good?
Captain Yami!
Finral...
Vanessa...
Noelle...
Gauche...
Charmy...
Who are you again?
I'm Grey!
And Magna and Luck...
You guys did good.
I'll be nice and take care of the cleanup.
Or rather, I'm taking all the glory.
The reason I was able to surpass my limits...
is because of all of you, you dumbasses!
It's no use...
You humans shall taste despair... Despair!
Shut up with the despair this, despair that already, you three-eyed goon!
It doesn't matter how strong your magic is!
This spell cuts through dimensions!
Dark Magic: Dark Cloaked Dimension Slash!
Consider that my thanks for looking after my squad.
See ya, Mister Despair.
And then the Black Bulls defeated Vetto
and obtained the magic stone that was at the Underwater Temple.
They had completed their mission.
Also, according to the Queen of Witches...
That magic stone is a magical item that heightens the wearer's powers,
but only those of the elf tribe are truly able to use it.
It could be that the Eye of the Midnight Sun are descendants of the elves.
And Asta, the two swords you bear...
They are the ruined remains of the magic swords used by the elves' leader.
Elves?
They're legendary beings. They actually existed?
We don't know what will happen once they've collected the remaining magic stones.
But no matter what happens, we, the Magic Knights,
will protect the Clover Kingdom and its people!
Yuno, Mimosa! I'm counting on you two!
Yes, sir.
There's no need to worry. No matter the enemy, I shall defeat them.
I'm going to become the Wizard King. So, Asta...
I'm never going to lose to you!
My lot got this from the old hag in the Witches' Forest.
They defeated the Diamond Kingdom's forces and the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
I heard the Black Bulls did an excellent job again.
I thank you all.
Thanks. But nothing's going to get star ted if we don't get any stars.
You know, stars. Lotsa stars.
Ahem...
Now, then... I've received quite a bit of information, both good and bad.
The good news is we should be able to find the Eye of the Midnight Sun's hideout.
Oh? That sure is good news.
So what's the bad news?
It appears they're finally going to make their move.
Looks like there's going to be another battle.
Another fight...
Petit Clover!
Prayers
Prayers.
May Asta's arms get better! May Asta's arms get better!
Five hundred and one, five hundred and two, five hundred and three...
Yuno, do you want to join me?!
No.
There's no need to be shy!
Huh?
Come, now!
Well, this is fun.
Not a chance.
It's a festival to announce all of the Magic Knights' achievements!
We call it the Star Festival! I hope you guys have fun!
Black Clover, Page 67: A Fun Festival Double Date.
Page 67 A Fun Festival Double Date
A date, eh? Must be nice to be young.
Now, then. Guess I'll transform so I can wander around.
