It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The Star Festival.
A festival where the number of stars that
Last Year's Star Numbers 1: Golden Dawn 96 2: Crimson Lion Kings 93 3: Silver Eagles 88 4: Purple Orcas 74 5: Blue Rose Knights 72 6: Green Praying Mantises 65 7: Aqua Deer 53 8: Coral Peacocks 51 9: Black Bulls -50
each squad has accumulated in that year is announced to the public.
The squad that places first
proves they have done the most work that year.
It is considered the highest honor.
They're about to announce the Magic Knights Squad achievements!
All the captains are gonna be there!
I hear that includes the new captains of the Crimson Lion Kings and the Purple Orcas!
All the captains?
Raging Bull
Festival
We're late.
Crap. What are we gonna do?
Two New Stars
Everyone, thank you for gathering here today.
Over there!
It's the Wizard King!
28th Wizard King Julius Novachrono
This year, I'll be announcing the Magic Knights Squads' achievements myself.
The Wizard King is doing it himself?
Wow!
After the results are announced, the king will also make an appearance,
so please look forward to that.
Wizard King!
Wow, the Wizard King is as popular as ever!
Now, then...
As you all know, our Clover Kingdom has been battling invasion attempts
from both the Diamond and Spade Kingdoms,
as well as a new terrorist group called the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
The royal capital was attacked, and many lives were lost.
I even considered canceling the Star Festival for this year.
But it's because of all these events that I wanted
to commend the courageous men and women who fought against them,
and decided to hold the festival.
Our nine Magic Knights Squad captains, whom we hold in the highest esteem.
It's the captains!
Captain of the Silver Eagles Nozel Silva
That's the captain of the Silver Eagles, Nozel Silva!
Captain of the Green Praying Mantises Jack the Ripper
The captain of the Green Praying Mantises, Jack the Ripper.
Captain of the Coral Peacocks Dorothy Unsworth
The captain of the Coral Peacocks, Dorothy Unsworth.
Captain of the Aqua Deer Rill Boismortier
The captain of the Aqua Deer, Rill Boismortier.
The new captain of the Crimson Lion Kings, Mereoleona Vermillion.
Captain of the Crimson Lion Kings Mereoleona Vermillion
The new captain's a woman!
The rumors say that her flame magic powers are equal to those of the former captain,
her younger brother Fuegoleon, or maybe even more powerful!
The new captain of the Purple Orcas, Kaiser Granvorka.
Captain of the Purple Orcas Kaiser Granvorka
They have a new captain, too!
I heard a lot of things went down with the Purple Orcas.
I look forward to the new captain!
And last, but not least...
Captain of the Golden Dawn William Vangeance
The captain of the Golden Dawn, William Vangeance.
Sir William!
The Golden Dawn's definitely taking first place again this year!
Wait, aren't we missing some captains?
Now that you mention it...
After I told them over and over to be on time...
Yami's late all the time, but I'm surprised about Charlotte.
Good grief. There's already trouble.
You're the cause of it!
Raging Bull
Well, anyway...
Let's announce the ranking.
In first place...
The Golden Dawn!
Kiten defended 5 Number one arrest rate for misdemeanor crimes this year 5 Medical relief to various locations 10 Aided the Zekka region after a typhoon 6 Border defended 6 Magic ore importer arrested 3 Magic Knight Squad financial donation contributed 5 Band of burglars vanquished 2 Palace defense squad assisted 5 Noble Realm welfare facility aid 3 Sodeel Village restoration aid 3 Frontier expeditions 6 Magical mine discovered and conserved 3 Aided in magical item research 2 Assisted in guarding the king 3 Illegal substances exposed 2 Aided in scouting and negotiating with the Diamond Kingdom 3 Nobility guarded 3 Assisted with flying lessons at a children's facility 1 Assisted with farming in the Clover Kingdom 3
The number of stars they accumulated is...
an astounding 125!
That's a huge jump from their record of 96 from last year!
That's amazing!
They can't be stopped!
The Golden Dawn is on a whole other level!
The Golden Dawn did excellent work yet again this year.
Now let's have the member who made the biggest contribution of stars take the stage.
The promising newcomer attended by Sylph, the Wind Spirit,
Yuno!
La?! Yuno?!
He's a dreamboat!
He's so handsome!
Excellent work, Yuno!
You're amazing!
What did you expect?
4th Class Senior Magic Knight, Golden Dawn Alecdora Sandler
Vice Captain of the Golden Dawn Langris Vaude
Yuno... I can't lose, either!
Next, in second place...
Do you think it's the Crimson Lion Kings, like in the years before?
No, their former captain, Fuegoleon, being injured probably hurt their chances.
Then it must be the Silver Eagles.
I'd love for the Blue Rose Knights to get it!
I wonder why Lady Charlotte isn't present.
Hey, there.
Want to enjoy the festival with me after the announcements?
That robe...
You're a Black Bull. How about no?
I bet you guys are going to come in last again.
In second place...
We're always in last, so none of this matters to us!
The Black Bulls
The Black Bulls!
What?!
Seriously?!
Medical relief to various locations 10 Aided the Zekka region after a typhoon 6 Border defended 6 Magic ore importer arrested 3 Magic Knight Squad financial donation contributed 5 Band of burglars vanquished 2 Palace defense squad assisted 5 Noble Realm welfare facility aid 3 Sodeel Village restoration aid 3 Frontier expeditions 6 Magical mine discovered and conserved 3 Aided in magical item research 2 Assisted in guarding the king 3 Illegal substances exposed 2 Aided in scouting and negotiating with the Diamond Kingdom 3 Nobility guarded 3 Assisted with flying lessons at a children's facility 1 Assisted with farming in the Clover Kingdom 3
They managed to accumulate...
101 stars!
What?!
We're in second place?! What the heck?!
Seriously? Well, crap.
Y-You can't be serious.
That's amazing!
Yay!
What a lovely surprise.
I figured they'd climb the ranks this year, but...
Well done.
Y-You mean that squad of ruffians?
This has to be some kind of mistake.
Maybe they threatened somebody.
They must've cheated.
That's not true!
The Black Bulls risked their lives fighting the Eye of the Midnight Sun to protect us!
There's no way they would've cheated!
Kahono... Kiato...
They saved us, too!
The Girl from the Restaurant in Nean Rebecca Scarlet
Some of them are a bit rowdy, but they're all kind people deep down!
I understand your surprise,
since the Black Bulls made
their own unprecedented record last year by getting negative 50 stars.
But things are different this year.
They advanced by leaps and bounds to climb this far up the ranks.
One of the most impressive members is their newcomer...
Then again, their captain's not even present.
Hey, is anyone from the Black Bulls around?
Man, that was a shock.
Hey, aren't you boys from the Black Bulls?
Unfortunately, that stage has some other lousy brat's name written all over it.
Yup!
Where in the world is he?
I'll let you take the glory this time,
so just hurry up and get on the stage!
Huh?
He's calling you,
kid!
Man, that was dangerous.
I see you showed up, Asta.
Heck yeah, I did, Yuno!
Yuno!
Asta!
The Black Bulls' growth from last year is far greater than ours.
Asta, looks like you guys got a lot of stars.
Don't let it go to your head, though.
I'm still the one who'll be the Wizard King.
I'm gonna become the Wizard King!
Look who's talking! Your squad won and even broke your last record!
You're the one who better not let it go to your head!
I'm gonna get twice the amount of stars you do next time!
Then I'll get double that.
Say what?! Then I'll get five times that!
So how many times more stars are you going to get than me in total now?
Uh... That was double... another double... and then five times that...
So nine times?
Twenty times more, you moron.
Damn it!
Well, that was quite the entrance.
This is the rookie who worked the hardest out of the Black Bulls this past year.
Asta!
Oh, hey. Hey, there.
Yuno and Asta placed first and second in obtaining stars among all the rookies.
They're two new rising stars.
In only six months since they joined the Magic Knights,
they've both built up magnificent records.
On top of that, they're childhood friends, and they're both just sixteen.
They're both very impressive youngsters.
I wonder what noble families they're from.
Nope! Apparently they're peasants from the boonies!
Bah-ha! Not to mention that Asta kid doesn't even have any magic!
They're peasants? No way.
He doesn't have magic?
Did they really use their abilities to rise up the ranks?
Ugh! What's with these people?
Bell.
What?
Full power.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
Uh, Yuno? What are you doing?
Asta...
Doesn't this remind you of the training we did when we were little?
The hell?! Why do you keep doing stuff like that outta nowhere?!
Besides, we're not kids anymore!
Are you trying to kill me in the middle of my big moment?! You ass!
If you had died there, then that's all you were worth.
Glad you survived.
What?!
S-Such powerful magic...
And the other guy stopped it?
They're on a completely different level!
Now that you've seen their powers,
if any of you still doubt their achievements, please come forward.
It's true that they're both peasants.
But they've worked harder than anyone to get here.
Proud citizens of the Clover Kingdom!
A round of applause for these two new Magic Knights!
And... let us overcome our differences in status,
band together, and lead our country to victory!
Wizard King...
I guess peasants aren't too bad.
Yeah! Now's not the time to be talking about status!
Let's all work together!
Yuno...
Yeah.
We...
actually made it this far.
And now that you're all fired up,
I'll announce the remaining rankings!
In third place, the Silver Eagles! They earned 95 stars!
In fourth place, the Blue Rose Knights! They earned 83 stars!
In fifth place, the Crimson Lion Kings! They earned 76 stars!
In sixth place, the Green Praying Mantises! They earned 69 stars!
In seventh place, the Coral Peacocks! They earned 67 stars!
In eighth place, the Purple Orcas! They earned 51 stars!
And in ninth place, the Aqua Deer! They earned 49 stars!
D'oh!
This concludes the announcement of the Magic Knights Squad achievements.
To all the squads... Please continue all your hard work next year.
W-We're last!
H-How? Why?
It's because all you do is draw dumb pictures. You don't have your act together.
Double d'oh!
Asta! How did you get all those stars?!
H-Hey, let go of me! Have you no shame?!
No, no, I don't wanna!
Is he really a captain?
We lost to the Black Bulls?
We lost to the squad that Noelle's in?!
Good for you, Noelle.
What did you expect?
I'm sure you'll get first place next time!
And when that happens...
Dance a joyous dance with me!
Hooray for the Magic Knights!
We'll be counting on you again next year!
Now that the achievement announcements are over,
here's the moment you've all been waiting for.
The appearance of our beloved King of the Clover Kingdom!
The king?!
Come to think of it, what's the king of this kingdom like, anyway?
Do you know, Yuno?
Nope.
That's quite a lot of excitement for a mere sideshow.
Now, greet your king with your loudest cheers.
Now, my citizens...
The King of the Clover Kingdom Augustus Kira Clover XIII
Revere me!
Don't stand right next to me.
You're in my spotlight.
My apologies, Your Majesty.
Ahem...
My wonderful citizens, how are you doing today?
I am the King of the Clover Kingdom, Augustus Kira Clover the 13th.
Long... live the king.
Revere me more, would you?!
Whoa! He freaked out!
You can't be serious.
I am the king! The king!
I'm the most important person in this whole kingdom!
Behold this sublime mana that's been passed down for generations!
My thoughts!
My appearance!
Everything about me is righteous!
I am greater than any Wizard King!
I wonder if the Wizard King would consider becoming the king.
If only the Wizard King was the actual king.
Couldn't the Wizard King just be the king?
The Wizard King should just become the king!
Shh!
Your Majesty, please calm down. Calm down.
Curse you, Julius! Stealing all the popularity for yourself!
Not to mention...
The Golden Dawn is number one again?
You and your weird mask!
How dare they surpass squads that have royalty as captains?
Unforgivable... Completely unforgivable!
I'll show them! I will be the one who earns the people's support.
My loyal citizens, I have an announcement to make.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun's hideout has been located.
I-It has?
Until now, they have attacked us many times,
and they had the upper hand in every battle.
But things are different now.
We are going to launch an all-out attack on the enemy!
To that end,
I have decided to gather an even more select group from the Magic Knights
to form the ultimate hand-picked unit.
They will be called... the Royal Knights!
The
The Ro
The Royal
The Royal Kni
The Royal Knights
A week from now, I will hold an exam for all Magic Knights.
Only those who pass this exam will be allowed to join my Royal Knights.
And then, we will destroy the Eye of the Midnight Sun!
Magic Knights, offer up your grimoires in service to this kingdom!
Royal Knights!
Royal Knights!
Royal Knights!
Nailed it.
This was all Julius's idea,
but I shall take the glory for it!
Why are you choosing, Your Majesty?
The ones we think are awesome are the Wizard King and the Magic Knights Squad captains.
Not the king.
I've never heard about the king doing anything amazing before.
Have you, Yuno?
No...
He has, like... a lot of mana,
but he hasn't done a single good thing for the people, right?
I guess so.
I don't have any magic, so I don't really get it,
but that king doesn't have much of a presence... and he seems pretty petty.
Hey, Asta. Take a hint.
You're not supposed to tell the truth at times like this.
Huh? Wait, so I'm right?
This is hilarious.
Execute them!
Execute those filthy peasants immediately!
This is all your fault.
How dare you involve Yuno like that?!
Execute them?
Seriously?
Now! Now! Now!
Hurry up and kill them!
Your Majesty, please calm yourself.
Out of consideration for me, I ask that you pardon those two.
They may become the shield that protects you someday.
Besides...
If you recklessly brandish your power over something like that,
you'll make the king's authority look cheap.
The Royal Knights! I'm looking forward to this, too!
Magic Knights! Show us your courageous strength!
You don't need to tell me that.
If our members get chosen, our squad's rep will go up.
I'm not gonna let Yami's squad keep the lead.
I'll work hard so we don't end up in last place next time!
Jeez... This is totally Julius's idea.
He always thinks up something fun.
Wizard King!
I'm sorry for making the king mad earlier!
You should apologize to me, too.
I almost got executed because of you.
Since you two wish to become the Wizard King, the Royal Knights
will be a chance for you to achieve even greater things.
Yes, sir!
But while you two may be amazing, you're still rookies.
Plenty of tough veterans are going to show up for the selection tests.
Tougher than you've ever seen.
Bring it on!
If we fail, it just means that we weren't up to the task.
Go forward, without getting full of yourselves.
I'll be waiting for you.
Yes, sir!
The Royal Knights, huh? I dunno what kind of exam it'll be, but I'm gonna do this!
Don't cry if I'm the only one who gets in, Asta.
Like hell I'm gonna cry!
I'm gonna pass and kick the Eye of the Midnight Sun's ass!
And for that to happen,
I need to hurry and figure out how to make the most of that power.
You absolute imbeciles!
The Crimson Lion Kings placed fifth?
What kind of travesty is that?!
Do you want me to kill you all right here, right now,
before you ever have a chance to die on a mission?!
W-We just stumbled upon a major bloodbath!
Petit Clover!
Rill the Artist
Rill the Artist.
Sigh... I just can't get it right.
What are you up to, Rill?
The king asked me to draw a portrait of him, but it's just not turning out right.
I guess even you have bad days.
His face doesn't spark any inspiration at all,
and I can't make it look artsy.
Let's see...
He drew him so cool.
Who the heck is this scary lady?
Huh? She's Captain Fuegoleon's big sister?
Black Clover, Page 71: The Uncrowned, Undefeated Lioness.
Page 71 The Uncrowned, Undefeated Lioness
Now, I finally get to say this again!
Ready, and... Not giving up is my magic!
