It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
We're being led far away
Until we shatter the road between light and darkness
Yo Guess who's back
Everybody get down
Guess who's back
Hey step up step up!
Proof of Rightness
I'm falling down because of a twist of fate
The harmony we had is in the past
Still left behind
The scent of you is stuck in my head
Can't shake it
Waiting just isn't enough anymore, Yai yah!
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Hey Guess Who is back!?
The roulette points to tomorrow
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Let the light shine
Hey Guess Who is back!?
In the dark maze
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Until we seize the hope in front of us
To tell you the truth, when we were interrogating
the two Eye of the Midnight Sun members,
they told us one more thing.
Asta, do you remember the stone tablet back at their hideout
when you were taken by them?
That thing...
They call the stones that were set into it magic stones.
They believe that if they collect all of them,
they will be reborn into their true forms,
which are linked closely to mana, and gain enormous power.
There are three magic stones left.
They know the location of one of them.
Yeah? And where's that?
In a strong magic region...
The Underwater Temple.
So you want us to get there before the Eye of the Midnight Sun does
and snatch the magic stone or whatever?
That's right.
This is an important mission. The best squad for the job
is the one with lots of members who aren't restricted by familial or social status...
Which means your Black Bulls, Yami.
Will you do it?
I dealt with you in the end.
Hopefully, you can pass on now.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for saving our Underwater Temple!
Thank you! Thank you!
All right, we'll be taking it.
This concludes our mission.
All of you...
Well done.
The Black Bulls were given a special mission by the Wizard King
in which they fought hard against a terrifying enemy, obtained a magic stone,
and finally returned safely, without losing a single member.
Great job, everyone!
You're the most beat-up of all of us.
I'm so tired...
Ah, Marie... I'm finally back on land where you are.
I'm breathing the same air as Marie now...
It's munchy time!
My tummy always has room for fish and meat!
Nothing beats a drink, or a full bottle, after a hard day's work!
The glory goes to all of us Black Bulls, doesn't it?
We'll get a little closer to positive stars again.
Maybe we're not a lost cause after all!
I say we might be getting closer,
but we're clearly still below every other Magic Knight squad.
Hey, look.
Oh, yeah. I forgot he wasn't with us.
Gordon... I totally forgot about him.
Hey, someone go talk to him.
You guys are so mean.
Is he sad?
I can't believe you left me behind.
Nah, I think he's pissed. He's, like, mumbling something.
I wanted to go, too.
I was looking forward to going so much.
Isn't he always mumbling?
No idea... I have no idea what he's thinking.
I even bought sunscreen and a parasol.
And you left me behind...
I wanted to help at the Underwater Temple.
I wanted to fight alongside everyone else...
Gordon Agrippa.
He's a loner who just wants friends, but he can't seem to make any.
No one even brought any gifts...
Tell me what happened at the Underwater Temple.
I want to know what you all did.
I want to record everything...
Well, I'm not looking forward to this, but I'm gonna go report to the Wizard King.
Charmy, you're coming with me. Bring the prisoners.
Will there be yummy food?!
Nope.
Finral, transport us there.
Will there be pretty girls?!
Nope.
D'oh.
Marie's an angel!
I-I wanna go, too! Please, sir, please!
You sure are full of energy.
Hey, you need to get plenty of rest so you can heal up.
N-Not that I'm worried about you! Don't get the wrong idea!
What's the big idea, Noelle?!
You are pretty hurt. Just stay put, kid.
Or so I'd like to say,
but I guess you were with me when the Wizard King gave us this mission.
Fine, come with.
Yes, sir!
Everyone else, make sure you get some rest...
Yeah, guess I don't need to tell you that.
Take care.
You coming, too, Nero?
Come to think of it...
Didn't that thing you found at Saussy Village sorta look like a magic stone?
Asta!
Coming!
We're going! Hurry it up.
Quit wastin' time!
Sorry!
Man, this place is as stupidly huge as ever!
Shut up.
Good work, Finral.
Huh?
You can go play until we come back.
What?! No fair!
I wanna meet the Wizard King, too!
I really am nothing but your ride now!
But then again, it'd be more fun to go
flirt with girls in the capital than to see the Wizard King.
See ya, guys!
Wait for me, cuties!
I see.
He was a member of the Third Eye, the strongest of
the Eye of the Midnight Sun, then?
His name was Vetto the Despair.
Despair, eh?
We'll send his corpse in for an autopsy
I can't move! Let us go!
and interrogate the other Eye of the Midnight Sun members.
Let us out!
Got it.
Your binding spell is fantastic.
That fluff is superb.
Who are you?
By the way, Yami, is this little one your child?
When did you end up with a kid this big?
She's not.
Gimme something yummy.
But anyway...
Safe!
Here's the magic stone.
Well done, indeed.
I'm sure you've heard, but many lost their lives fighting at Raquey.
This should help them rest in peace.
The Black Bulls accomplished this very important mission
without losing a single member.
Absolutely brilliant.
It seems that you've also grown stronger,
Yami.
I heard he made that foreigner a Magic Knight.
What's Captain Julius thinking?
You're going to make someone like that a Magic Knights Squad Captain?!
Are you insane, Wizard King?
Aren't you a little too happy-go-lucky, mister?
You've truly become a magnificent Magic Knights Captain, Yami.
Cut it out. I'm 28 now, you know? You're embarrassing me.
Oh, sorry about that.
If you want to say you're right,
then prove it with the results you get from doing things your way.
That's what you told me, Julius.
I've said this before, but all I did
was prove that you were right.
And these guys, my Magic Knights...
Ow!
Yeah...
Asta, you've earned another achievement.
You're another step closer to becoming the Wizard King.
I look forward to seeing what you do next.
Yes, sir!
U-Um, Wizard King, sir, I have a r-request.
What is it?
U-Um, well...
C-Could I have your autograph?!
Sure, I'll write it right on your face.
Please, no!
You jerk. Get nervous around me, too!
I'm sorry to interrupt, Wizard King.
Mushroom Head.
Who are you calling Mushroom Head?!
No, now's not the time for that!
What's the matter, Marx?
The border town of Kiten, which has a history of skirmishes with the Diamond Kingdom,
is under attack by a Diamond Kingdom squad.
They couldn't have chosen a worse time.
This is...
Wh-What's with that massive horde of people?!
This looks like a bit more than their usual harassment.
Not to mention the ones leading this army...
Yes, sir. We believe they're Lagus,
Brocks,
and Yagos.
Three of the Eight Shining Generals.
What are the Eight Shining Generals?
The eight strongest from the Diamond Kingdom.
What?!
They're similar to the Magic Knights Captains of the Clover Kingdom.
That's super bad news!
Clover Kingdom
Kiten
Diamond Kingdom
This isn't good. Kiten is the cornerstone of our border defense.
It'll be easier for the Diamond Kingdom to invade if they take it.
The time has come.
The Diamond Kingdom's Eight Shining Generals Lagus
The history of the Diamond Kingdom will finally move forward.
The Diamond Kingdom's Eight Shining Generals Yagos
It's been so long since my last battle! I can barely contain myself!
The Diamond Kingdom's Eight Shining Generals Brocks
Those Clover Kingdom weaklings! I'll crush them all!
It appears that our intel about their border defense being weakened due to
their struggles with a terrorist group
called the Eye of the Midnight Sun was correct.
If we can conquer Kiten, it'll immediately give our forces the advantage!
I can't wait!
Besides, that location is packed with resources.
They're wasted on the likes of the Clovers.
The Diamond Kingdom is attacking!
In the name of the Magic Knights, do not allow them to invade!
Yeah!
Activate the magical barrier!
That's a magical barrier built with the power of fifty Magic Knights!
They won't be able to break through that easily!
And this barrier doesn't allow attacks from the outside in,
but will let spells from the inside out.
First, we'll attack that lightning magic user,
one of the Eight Shining Generals, Lagus!
Concentrate all your attacks on him!
Such pathetic and ugly magic.
Watch carefully. This is how you use magic.
Lightning Creation Magic: Thunderbird Warrior Air-Splitting Magic Bow!
All right! Now we charge!
Don't break formation.
Stay in squads of ten.
Defense mages, activate barrier spells and watch out for long-range magic.
Yes, sir!
Close-range and mid-range attack mages,
scout for enemies and let your magic charge up.
Yes, sir!
Long-range attack mages,
keep up a barrage of spells with low magic consumption to throw them into confusion!
Yes, sir!
And then
Go!
Red Clay Creation Magic: Raging Great Boar Charge!
Long live the Diamond Kingdom!
Curse that Brocks! I was still talking!
What kind of general charges in personally?
Also, you should be flying.
Oh, well. This is nothing new.
There was very little beauty in it,
but he was trying to use that attack to make them cower in fear.
Yagos, we're going after him.
I-It's no use! They're just too powerful!
Well, that ain't good.
The Magic Knights charged with defending Kiten
have mostly been wiped out.
That's
What? What is it, Mushroom Head?
It's them.
The Clover Kingdom's most powerful Magic Knights Squad.
The Golden Dawn!
All right, everyone. Let's ask our rude guests to take their leave.
Yuno!
My meal-saving prince?!
Weak! Too weak!
Where are the Magic Knights Captains?! You're all worthless!
A message for the generals!
It appears the Clover Kingdom's reinforcements have arrived!
The only enemy is the members of the Golden Dawn!
I repeat, the only enemy is the members of the Golden Dawn!
Idiots! Do they think they can stop us with just one squad?!
They're all fools!
Blocking my way? You've got some guts!
You fool! I'll blast you to bits!
Wind Magic: Tornado Fang!
Who's blasting whom to bits?
Well, look at you, acting all cool.
Use my powers, too!
Listen, the reason you can't make any friends is
Wind Spirit Bell
because you put on airs like that!
Why don't you try putting on a breezy smile once in a while, Yuno?
Breezy? Not happening.
Hey... What do you mean by not happening?
I'm one of the Four Great Nature Spirits! Don't ignore me!
Say something, dang it!
Something.
Something?!
You'll never be able to make friends like that, you sourpuss!
But don't you worry. I'll be staying with you forever!
Aren't you lucky?
Okay, let's hurry up and take care of those guys and go on a date, Yuno!
Nope.
How dare you refuse a date with me?! Unbelievable!
Hey!
Looks like at least one of you has a spine!
My meal-saving prince!
So that's the Wind Spirit? I want to see her in person!
Looks like you've gotten even stronger, Yuno.
Damn, Yuno!
The Golden Dawn rushed to the scene,
but they're up against three of the Eight Shining Generals and that many troops.
I'd like to send reinforcements,
but the only ones who can head there immediately are...
The Crimson Lion Kings went to the Ioto Mountain Range on another mission.
The Silver Eagles are tied up with the Spade Kingdom...
You want me to go, Julius?
I'm pretty sure Finral's been there before, so we can go immediately.
Are you sure, Yami? You just returned from the Underwater Temple.
Sure. I'm pretty invincible right now anyway,
and...
There's a guy I'm a little concerned about.
I'd feel better if you were to go.
I'd like to go, but...
We need you here, Wizard King.
If this is a feint, their next target will be the royal capital.
What he said. I can't just leave.
Besides, the king is here.
All right, then...
Shit. I should've had Finral come up here with us.
That useless bastard.
I wonder if someone's talking about me.
Cuties spotted!
Hey there, you beauties who put flowers to shame...
Are you busy?
Captain Yami!
Take me with you!
With your arm like that?
There must be people who couldn't get away! I'm sure I can do something!
I'd like him to get experience on that kind of battlefield, but right now...
No.
Someone who's as beat up as you will just get in the way. Go home.
But...
As his senior, I'll go along and protect him.
Miz Charmy...
That makes it all right, doesn't it?
You two! Especially you, Charmy...
Oh, fine. Come with me, you dumbasses!
Let's go get Finral!
Roger that, sir!
La, sir!
Now I can see my meal-saving prince!
Just you wait, Yuno!
Wow, that's amazing. It's in pieces.
He'll get even stronger.
I guess I wouldn't expect any less from our genius, Yuno,
who became one of our best knights less than a year after joining.
Well, shall we, Langris?
Yes, sir.
Let's make them regret barging into our country with their muddy boots.
4 AM in the morning
Why can't I sleep?
On such a bad day, whispering Bye Bye Black Birds
Won't make my anxiety go away
for hours, lately
I've been crying for hours Baby
I wish you were here
All those letters that you gave to me
Every time I read them again, the pain's gone
We're not alone, cause we're perfect as four
Even though we're far apart, we're connected, believing you
I always feel you next to me
closer to me and a clover for you
I wish you the best of luck
You know you're not alone, cause we're perfect as four
Even though we're far apart, we're connected, you live in me
I'll always be by your side
closer to me and a clover for you
I wish you the best of luck
Petit Clover!
Promise!
Promise!
It's been a while, Yuno! Looks like you've gotten even stronger!
Of course. I'm going to become stronger than anyone.
Do you remember our promise? About seeing who can become the Wizard King first?
Promise? I've forgotten about the past.
Why are you trying to act so cool?
So, uh, what're you doing tomorrow? You got work?
Tomorrow? Who knows what tomorrow brings?
Seriously, why are you trying to act so cool, Yuno?!
Yuno? Is that my name?
I don't know anything! This can't be happening!
So you weren't just trying to act cool?! Get a grip, Yuno!
The super fun anime, Black Clover! We hope you guys keep watching!
The Diamonds are attacking?
The Golden Dawn is on the job? Then let's just leave it to them!
Black Clover, Page 52: Whoever's Strongest Wins.
Page 52 Whoever's Strongest Wins
What? Asta's headed there, too? Well, that's worrying.
