It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The Royal Knights is an elite group of Magic Knights.
The selection exam to choose its members has finally begun.
Asta, along with Mimosa Vermillion and the mysterious mage Xerx Lugner,
head into their first battle of the tournament.
Wh-What?!
For some reason, Xerx doesn't seem interested in fighting at all.
Annoyed by this, Asta and Mimosa decide to attack the enemy camp on their own.
Now!
It looked as though Asta's team was going to lose, but then...
The trap spells that Xerx set activated,
and they managed to completely turn things around into a victory.
And then, the one who appeared in the second match...
You're not beautiful!
Do your best not to taint my beauty, for I am Kirsch Vermillion!
Fierce Battle
Oh... life is so hard.
C Team The Coral Peacocks 1st Class Senior Magic Knight Kirsch Vermillion
Why is this world filled with such unsightly things?
And yet, why was I born so beautiful?
It's so hard.
Where'd this weirdo come from?!
Shut up! I just... Shut up!
You're so insanely creepy, damn it!
Don't be in such despair, you ugly creature.
I understand that you must be quite jealous of my beauty,
but there are things that just can't be helped.
Who the hell are you calling ugly?! What even is this conversation?!
Did you get dropped on your head when you were born?!
The only one that's beautiful is Sis, and Sis alone!
You're so gross, you narcissist creep!
A maiden shouldn't use such vulgar words.
Your proportions are somewhat on the beautiful side.
Why not learn from me to better yourself?
I-Is that team going to be okay?
Ah, if it isn't Mimosa.
Did you come to admire my beauty, my beloved little sister?
Don't let my beauty cause your heart to stop.
I wouldn't say you're beautiful. You're so narcissistic that it's creepy.
What are you talking about, Mimosa?
You can't tell how beautiful I am?
Are you sick? Let me cure you.
I believe you're the one that's sick, Brother.
I actually want you to lose this upcoming round.
You were never good at telling jokes.
I'm sorry, what?!
Jokes should be told with more elegance and beauty!
Yes! As beautiful as I am!
Mimosa's older bro is, like... sparkly. Or I guess I should say... unique.
I have no idea what's going on,
but I guess Mimosa's been through some hard times, too.
Oh, heya. Nice to meet you.
Mimosa's always been so kind to me.
Are you the peasant known as Asta?
Yup.
Don't talk to me as though we're friends, you swine.
What the hell?! His eyes suddenly died!
I can't stand the sight of you.
Neither your mannerisms nor behavior are beautiful.
Your existence is unsightly.
Your clothes are filthy.
To top everything off, your muscles are ugly.
Bodies should be beautiful just as they are.
I don't see why you would train them.
Only the weak would do such a thing.
Yup! I was weak.
I mean, I didn't have any magic!
That's why I trained!
They might be unsightly, but these are my weapons!
The size of the vessel into which an individual's mana
is poured is determined from birth.
Unsightly struggling won't change its shape.
Vessel... Wha?
How could someone as unsightly as you become a Magic Knight?
Kirsch, please win this match, no matter what.
Oh, Mimosa! To think you'd say such words!
Do you finally fully understand my charms?
Because Asta and I intend to slaughter you in the next round.
S-S-Slaughter...
Such an unsightly word!
Who's that sparkly guy? I can see him from all the way up here.
All that sparkling is sort of wasted on him.
Kirsch Vermillion. He's Mimosa's older brother.
To describe him in a single word... He's creepy.
How could you say something like that?!
He's the Vice Captain of the Coral Peacocks!
Don't sell him short!
Despite how he looks,
in place of their captain who's always asleep, Dorothy Unsworth,
I hear he does almost all of the squad's practical magic!
Despite how he looks. So you think he's weird, too, four-eyes.
Four-eyes sure does.
Four-eyes definitely does.
I do not!
Well, maybe a little bit.
When's the next match going to begin?!
How long do they intend to make me wait?
All right, then.
The next battle will be...
Sol Kirsch Magna
C Team
Cesc Adrian Willy
D Team
C Team: Kirsch, Sol, and Magna versus D Team: Cesc, Adrian, and Willy.
Let the second match begin!
Now... let me show you how truly beautiful I am!
Shut the hell up!
We have to hurry up and get back so we can cheer Magna and the others on!
A-Asta's so close to me!
You seem unfazed, you shitty little shrimp.
We're going to be facing them next if they win.
Xerx...
Huh?
You said earlier...
That you didn't come here to win. That you had a certain goal.
I was lying.
Don't hide anything from us. You piss me off, but you're our teammate.
And you're strong.
I'm going to make sure we win by working together!
Asta...
Then I'll need you to work hard as the decoy next round, too.
That's not exactly working together!
Looks like it's started.
Flame Creation Magic: Grand Slam!
Like I'm gonna waste any time!
If I just go right in there and bust the shit out of that crystal, we win!
What a fantastic spell!
A fifth-class junior peasant?
Just barging in there without a plan? He's no good.
Shakudo Magic: Pursuing Jackals.
You're so annoying!
Then how about this?
I see you, damn it!
I'm gonna beat the crap out of all these things, then beat the shit out of you!
What a crude way of fighting.
So unsightly.
Where the hell did you pop up from?!
You're straining too much.
You're blessed with the ability to use both close and long-range magic.
Your mana is crying.
The hell did you say?!
Read the flow of the enemy's mana more. Let your mana be your guide,
and use close and long-range attacks at the appropriate times.
Then you'll be able to burn more beautifully than before!
Uh... sure.
Using close and long-range magic at the appropriate times...
Don't strain so much... And read the enemy's flow of mana...
I'll take care of the closer ones first. Take that!
And now for the one that's all the way back there!
All right!
Wait, where'd that sparkly bastard go?
Earth Creation Magic: Raging Mother Goddess!
Outta my way!
I'm gonna show you guys what I can do to raise our squad's rank and make Sis happy!
Mud Binding Magic: Flash Bog!
I'm not letting you go that easily.
You and your golem can get sucked into my bog!
Damn it!
Why am I surrounded by such sloppy and simple-minded people?
Magic which creates golems that can be given certain orders?
Since this isn't a feint, its size is unsightly.
What's your problem, ya jerk?!
Why not split it up into smaller ones and use them to cause confusion?
It would be beautiful to have them lie in ambush within the earth, too.
You can do that with your unique mana, can't you?
Y-Yeah...
Earth Creation Magic: Divided Mother Goddess!
Mobility over power!
We're not gonna get caught in that bog again!
I shall guard the crystal! Therefore, it shall remain beautiful and unharmed.
Bloom as gloriously as you wish!
What are you talking about? Your crystal's been left completely unguarded!
Water Creation Magic: Climbing Coelacanth!
You're mine!
I do apologize, but...
You're already captives of my beautiful magic.
Cherry Blossom Magic: Magic Cherry Blossom Storm of Petals Plus My Beautiful Illusion
Magic Cherry Blossom Storm of Petals Plus My Beautiful Illusion!
That whole area's covered in a storm of petals!
C-Crap! I can't see where our enemies are!
This is...
Go forth unto the beautiful primrose path to victory!
Full bloom!
Bloom! Bloom! Bloom! Bloom!
Fully bloom!
Full bloom!
C Team wins!
It's so pretty!
In this world, sin is...
being unsightly, and...
We somehow got pulled into his bullshit!
It pisses me off, but it feels so good!
He's fast! And unbelievably strong!
And creepy.
How are we going to beat them in the next battle?
Ah... the greatest sin of all is my beauty.
Well? How was our fighting?
Wasn't it beautiful?
Uh... Sure.
Bah-ha...
Why the hell did I do that?!
Don't look at me!
That spell... First, he produced various clones to confuse the enemy.
Then he covered the battlefield in a storm of magic petals,
making it hard to see or detect magic.
Meanwhile, it created a safe route to the enemy crystal for his teammates.
The only way that's possible
is because being royalty gives you a monstrous amount of magic!
Ah... My beauty scares me.
The man closest to becoming the next captain of the Coral Peacocks...
Kirsch Vermillion. Quite impressive.
But he's still a weirdo.
That magic was awesome!
Way to go, Mimosa's bro!
Please don't mention that, Asta.
Quiet, swine.
You're dirtying my space.
You're next. A broken vessel like you who can't use magic...
I'll use my magic to shatter the rest of you.
I don't know about that.
I'm not sure how, but apparently when a vessel's cracked, you can use it longer.
Cracked?
You were only using that vessel because you're poor.
How unsightly.
Say what?!
That cracked vessel was something Sister bought for us!
It's the symbol of love between Sister Lily and me!
I'm going to keep using it forever!
Asta, this was all just a what if.
Your brain is unsightly, too.
Next up is round three!
Finral Leopold Hamon
E Team
Kyle Borja Gaston
F Team
E Team: Finral, Leopold, and Hamon versus F Team: Kyle, Borja, and Gaston.
The Crimson Lion Kings Intermediate Magic Knight Second Class Leopold Vermillion
Let's hit'em fast and loud with my flame magic!
The Golden Dawn Intermediate Magic Knight Second Class Hamon Caseus
No, let us attack them with elegant flair using my glass magic.
Seeing Kirsch fight has lit a fire within me.
Let us also settle this beautifully.
Who cares about beauty?
If you've been lit aflame, I'll use my flames to light an even greater flame!
Also, Kirsch is gross.
Actually...
The Black Bulls Junior Magic Knight First Class Finral Roulacase
Could you leave our attack strategy to me?
Spatial magic gives you incredible mobility.
There's no reason not to use that, right?
I haven't fought alongside the Black Bulls for nothing.
I can't lose here!
This guy...
I like it! Let's see you bring out the best in us then!
Leopold and Hamon are both quite skilled.
Go after the trash from the Black Bulls!
I'm not so sure about that!
His spatial magic is pretty useful.
Borja!
Feather Magic: Feather Tornado!
Leopold, now!
Got it!
You're not getting away!
Curses... Friendly fire was their goal all along.
And flame magic is an attribute I'm weak against on top of that!
That spatial magic user has a good eye on this battlefield.
He knows where our magic works best and takes us to the perfect point on the battlefield!
Glass Creation Magic: Verre Epee!
To think that the Black Bulls had someone this good.
Why did he stay hidden for so long?
At this rate, I can attack with all the power I've got.
Flame Magic: Spiral Flames!
Crystal destroyed! E Team wins!
Yes!
I'm glad we won, but man, was I nervous!
Come now.
We should have a meal after a battle.
Indeed! Let's see who can eat the most!
Bring it on!
I'm definitely not in the mood for that right now.
You're amazing, Finral!
Bah... ha...
The way he uses his spatial magic is troublesome.
He's still a junior Magic Knight?
All of the Black Bulls in this exam so far have been junior Magic Knights.
I hadn't taken them seriously,
but the last two Black Bulls also exhibited powers
that seemed beyond juniors.
Maybe the Black Bulls really are different this year.
Not bad for the guy who brought shame upon the House of Vaude.
I'll show you exactly how different we are next.
Next up is round four!
Gareth Simon Medeo
H Team
Langris Flagil Sekke
G Team
G Team: Langris, Flagil, and Sekke versus H Team: Gareth, Simon, and Medeo.
Crap! Bah-ha, crap!
The Green Praying Mantises Junior Magic Knight Fifth Class Sekke Bronzazza
Everyone here is ridiculously strong!
It was too early for me to do this exam, bah-ha!
Besides, what the heck was up with Captain Jack being all,
Let's give the newbies a chance, too?!
This is definitely bad news!
Why the heck did I get picked, anyway?!
I mean, I said I could do it, but...
Are you all right?
The Black Bulls so far have been amazing despite being juniors.
The Aqua Deer Intermediate Magic Knight Third Class Flagil Tormenta
You're probably also strong, aren't you?
Bah-ha! I'm surprised you saw through me!
What to do...
I don't like standing out, but I guess I don't have a choice.
First off, why don't I go rampaging in on my Sekke Shooting Star?
Um...
That sounds like a great plan.
The Golden Dawn Vice Captain Langris Vaude
All right. The crystal is completely covered with a barrier spell.
No one can destroy it easily now.
Keep going straight.
You got it, bah-ha!
They're charging straight at us?
What the hell is that lame vehicle?
You fools!
Now you can fall for the trap spells we set in the earth!
He shaved the space away.
Th-The crystal's been destroyed. G Team wins!
Did you all witness that elegant rampage?!
I'm one with the wind!
Bah-ha...
As expected from the House of Vaude.
How beautiful.
Wow... That's Finral's younger brother.
Could I cut magic like that with my sword?
Bah-ha...
In the end, you'll never be more than a means of transportation, Brother.
In our upcoming match, be careful not to get in the way of my spatial magic, okay?
I can't guarantee that you won't lose something.
If that were to happen, Mother and Father aside,
I'm sure that she would be sad.
You're right.
So to ensure that doesn't happen, I'm going to win!
How insolent of you, Brother.
Petit Clover!
I Can See It!
I Can See It!
You're amazing, Finral! You can see the whole battle!
Your field of vision is huge!
Well, I'm lucky enough to have Captain Yami train me every day.
Huh? What kind of training is that?!
For example, after a meal...
Heave ho, heave ho, heave ho...
The way he's patting his belly...
You must need to use the bathroom! Right this way!
Bathroom
That annoyed way he's knocking on the door...
Bathroom
You must be out of toilet paper! Here you go!
Other than that...
Here's your paper!
Here's your coffee milk!
I'll make sure your mustache looks wild enough!
Not too clean-shaven and not too rugged!
That's how it is.
That's awesome!
He's just getting used.
You can't be serious.
Hello, I'm here to dazzle you with my beauty again.
You were so beautifully happy when I beautifully spread beauty
across the battlefield because I'm so beautiful.
The even more beautiful Black Clover, beautiful Page 76: Mage X.
Page 76 Mage X
My beauty knows no bounds.
