It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
Working together with his friends, Asta continued his battle with Vetto.
But...
Vetto was able to overcome those attacks, too.
Not bad for insects!
If even one of you makes the smallest mistake, you'll die instantly!
In this life-or-death situation,
Asta continued to swing his sword,
believing in his friends and in their victory.
Then...
It's not just them.
Guess we got here in time.
Mirror Magic: Reflect Refrain!
Sleeping Sheep's...
One Hit
One Hit!
Two Hit
Two Hit!
Mega Hit!
Mega Hit!!
What's going on?
It's my transformation magic!
You pesky insects! Despair already!
Despair?
We don't have time for that!
We're being led far away
Until we shatter the road between light and darkness
Yo Guess who's back
Everybody get down
Guess who's back
Hey step up step up!
Beyond Limits
I'm falling down because of a twist of fate
The harmony we had is in the past
Still left behind
The scent of you is stuck in my head
Can't shake it
Waiting just isn't enough anymore, Yai yah!
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Hey Guess Who is back!?
The roulette points to tomorrow
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Let the light shine
Hey Guess Who is back!?
In the dark maze
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Hey Guess Who is back!?
Until we seize the hope in front of us
We...
We did it!
Yes!
Finally...
We won!
Is that what you thought?
Did you think your puny strengths combined would actually work against me?
Well? Did you?
I let you hit me on purpose, in a non-vital spot, so I could steal your weapon!
N-No...
I know that once you lose all hope, the most unmistakable despair is created!
Fall into the darkness of despair!
Asta!
Kid!
That's right! That's the way I wanted to hear you humans scream!
Now, fall fully into despair!
Despair! Despair! Despair!
Despair! Despair! Despair!
Despair! Despair!
Despair! Despair!
Despair! Despair! Despair!
Despair!
As...ta...
How do you like that, insect?! I'd like to see you try to stand again now!
Not yet!
Not yet...
I'm not...
giving up yet!
Asta... You're so...
He's right. We're not...
Curse you!
Vanessa!
You're not getting away!
How'd you like that, you despair freak?!
That's the last of our magic!
We'll never give up.
We'll never lose
to someone like you!
Asta, are you all right?!
He's different from us.
He was born without magic into this world where magic is everything.
But... Perhaps the gods of fate didn't give him magic because he's like this.
He's someone who's going to make it to the top in this world.
We need to let him fight and guide him!
Little boy, I'll support your broken arm!
Thanks, Miss Vanessa!
Now I... can still fight!
We're doing this again, Finral!
Right!
I'm going to do this! No matter how many times it takes!
I still have one sword left!
Why?
Why won't you despair?
I told you! I don't have time for that!
There's someone I can't lose to!
You and despair... are in the way of our promise!
Silence! You insects can be swatted away!
I've already seen through your movements
My eyes can't keep up with his movements.
Because the Demon-Dweller Sword is still embedded in me,
the magic I was using to increase my physical abilities has weakened!
I thought that I had stolen his weapon.
But are you saying it was my weapon that was actually stolen?!
There is no way that I would lose... against you humans!
You haven't won against anyone!
Did any of them actually give up before you?
No one has despaired!
Shut your mouth!
Asta!
My magic... But...
This time I'll end you for good
Not yet...
Not yet...
I'm not giving up yet!
He's the same as me... No...
He's no beast.
The three leaves of the clover represent faith, hope, and love.
Within a fourth leaf dwells good luck.
Within a fifth leaf...
He's... a demon who devours even despair.
Grey words can't make anything happen
I know, yeah I know
Wishing to fly freely across the sky
I dreamed it all my life
Step by step I go, though it's a doubtful world
Don't care how much I fall
Instinct is my guide, I never give up
To faraway future, I burst out running
Go beyond even the unseen fears
The vision I had, so I can be myself
Despair...
Someday I will write the next page
You've lost!
You are my hope
Like that page from someday
I was able to meet you
I call this a miracle
His magic disappeared.
Th-There's no question this time!
We won!
How do you like that, you bastard?!
Asta!
Little boy!
Well done! I'm so proud of you!
I knew you could win, little boy!
You're so amazing, la!
Thank goodness you didn't despair!
Damn... That shrimp is full of guts.
Guys...
That hurts! I'm injured all over, remember?!
Oh... Sorry.
He did it! He defeated that beast!
What was the power that came from the kid earlier?
That kid's amazing!
I thought we were done for!
Thank you, Magic Knights!
Thank you so much!
Miss Vanessa, how are their wounds?
They're deep, but none of them are life-threatening.
Finral, do you think you can transport them with your spatial magic?
I'm exhausted. I think it'll take a little longer for my magic to recover.
You're so useless, you coward.
Useless?! I have seniority, damn it!
I hope Kiato and Kahono will be able to dance and sing again.
Jeez. Do you really have time to worry about other people?
Look at how beat up you are. And to think you actually believed in us.
There's something seriously wrong with you, Asta.
Yeah. You never know when that coward Finral will run away.
Yup, yup...
Hey, that's mean. Though it's true that I did want to run away.
But when I saw Asta, my body moved on its own.
Little boy, because you didn't give up...
Because you believed in us, we were able to win.
Thank you.
What are you talking about?
You're my seniors, who Captain Yami accepted into the Black Bulls.
Of course I believe in you!
You sure know how to make a girl smile.
Stop making your seniors cry.
You've got some great seniors, la.
I'd expect nothing less from the juniors that Captain Yami accepted.
Well, I'm pretty sure he's the only one who'd ever accept
someone who has no magic.
Hey, I'm one of your juniors too, you know.
Noelle! I heard you did great, too!
You learned some insane new attack spell, right?
That's right! The Sea Dragon's Roar!
It was seriously amazing!
Y-Yeah! You'd better compliment me more!
And she's cute to boot!
This royal's basically a celebrity!
Y-Yeah! That has nothing to do with the battle, but keep the compliments coming!
And just once more...
D-D-Don't get any weird ideas!
I wasn't even thinking!
Oh, sorry.
All right! Let's have a drink to celebrate our victory!
Now's not the time to drink!
We need to figure out a way to tie up that guy and haul him outta here.
He has an eyeball in his forehead and said something about my sword...
But most of all, he's one of the leaders of the Eye of the Midnight Sun!
There's a lot we have to ask him!
Vetto... Vetto...
Stop crying, Vetto.
Those damn humans... hurting this tiny little bird...
I can't forgive them.
I chased them away. Let's go home and tend to its wounds.
I'm sorry that you always have to save me, Licht.
What are you talking about? We're friends, aren't we?
I'll always save you.
We're just like this bird.
Because it can fly, like we can use special magic,
they envy and want to hurt us.
But I believe that one day, we and the humans will be able to understand each other.
Licht... I'm sure if you say so, it'll come true.
Hope, eh?
It's a very sweet notion.
To me, Licht was... yes, he was hope personified.
But the ones who stole that hope away from me...
were you humans!
This magic...
You're kidding, right?
I'm taking you all down with me... No...
I'll blow this whole temple to smithereens!
Th-That's...
That bastard!
Even they won't be able to stop that.
Let me the hell out of here!
It's no use.
It's the same as last time!
Even the captains could barely stop it!
It's the same as him... No, this magic's even stronger!
Don't tell me he's planning to self-destruct!
My threads are being erased... It's growing even bigger!
I can't get any closer like this!
Guys, we're not going to be doing anything different!
We'll just kick his ass again!
No, no, no, that's not
What the heck am I saying?
I almost gave up again!
We've come this far! I'm not giving up until the end!
Well said, Finral!
If you figure this out, I'll go on a date with you.
Seriously?! I'll do it!
There must be something we can still do!
I won't forgive anyone who gets in the way of my seeing Marie!
I'm going to defeat him and eat seafood I haven't even discovered yet!
I'm scared, but I'll do my best!
All right! Bring it on!
Right, consider it brought.
Hey, you dumbasses. You good?
Captain Yami!
Yami! You finally came!
B-But I thought you were trapped...
As you can see, I broke through the spatial magic and got out.
Though I might've been a bit forceful about it.
F-Forceful?
Couldn't you have done that a bit sooner?
Shut it! I have my reasons!
If I'm not wanted here, I can go home, you know.
What?!
He's sulking!
Kiato! Kahono!
All because I wanted to play this stupid game...
Gio... I'm sorry to drag you into this old fool's mess, too.
B-But to think this man could use magic like that...
He's truly a monster.
I was right not to let him participate in the game.
Looks like we don't have much time, so let's get this over with.
All right! Now that Captain Yami's here,
we've basically got a whole cavalry... no, a whole army!
Let's beat the snot outta that guy!
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow...
What? Who do you think you're talking to?
Did your head swell because you thought you took the enemy down?
Ow, ow, ow... What do you mean?!
I'm saying that I can take him on my own.
You guys risked your lives fighting him.
I'm the captain, so I've gotta go all-out.
Finral...
Vanessa...
Noelle...
Gauche...
Charmy...
Who are you again?
I'm Grey!
And Magna and Luck...
You guys did good.
Yami complimented me!
I'll be nice and take care of the cleanup.
Or rather, I'm taking all the glory.
Seriously... You guys did well.
The reason I was able to surpass my limits...
is because of all of you, you dumbasses!
Getting trapped and pushed against a wall was worth it.
This spell reminds me a bit of a certain stretched-out weirdo,
and that bothers me, but still...
It's no use...
You humans shall taste despair... Despair!
Shut up with the despair this, despair that already, you three-eyed goon!
It doesn't matter how strong your magic is!
This spell cuts through dimensions!
Dark Magic: Dark Cloaked Dimension Slash!
Consider that my thanks for looking after my squad.
See ya, Mister Despair.
4 AM in the morning
Why can't I sleep?
On such a bad day, whispering Bye Bye Black Birds
Won't make my anxiety go away
for hours, lately
I've been crying for hours Baby
I wish you were here
All those letters that you gave to me
Every time I read them again, the pain's gone
We're not alone, cause we're perfect as four
Even though we're far apart, we're connected, believing you
I always feel you next to me
closer to me and a clover for you
I wish you the best of luck
You know you're not alone, cause we're perfect as four
Even though we're far apart, we're connected, you live in me
I'll always be by your side
closer to me and a clover for you
I wish you the best of luck
Petit Clover!
Captain of the Black Bulls
The Professional The Way of the Toilet
The Professional The Way of the Toilet
Yami Sukehiro.
As the captain who leads the rest of the Black Bulls,
he does most of his thinking on the toilet.
Our investigative team asked him one question.
Why the toilet...?
Why else? It's because the toilet is there.
But let me just say one thing.
Before going in, you need to make sure there's toilet paper.
Those who enter a bathroom without toilet paper
are like birds who've had their wings torn off.
They'll never be able to fly out to the blue sky
that lies beyond the bathroom ever again.
By the way, the one in charge of the toilet paper here is the brat, but he always forgets.
I've seen hell many times because of him, but I showed him an even worse hell.
Captain Yami! I'm going to fall!
After that, his remarks about the toilet continued for hours.
But there was one thing we wanted to ask him before we finished this interview.
How long are you going to stay on the toilet...?
Hey! Hey! Captain Yami!
How long are you going to stay in there?!
Shut up! I can't come out because you didn't restock the toilet paper!
Let me out of here, damn it!
Damn it... I can't just fool around after you guys worked so hard.
Black Clover, Page 50: End of the Battle, End of Despair.
Page 50 End of the Battle, End of Despair
See ya, Mister Despair. That's important, so I said it twice!
