It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
Thanks to the Queen of Witches, both of Asta's arms were healed.
In return, he fought hard to protect the Witches' Forest
when Fana of the Eye of the Midnight Sun,
another owner of a third eye, suddenly appeared.
She's got a third eye, too!
I'll bet everything
on this one attack!
Water Creation Magic: Sea Dragon's Roar!
Asta and the others were helpless against the attacks
of Fana's Salamander, the fire spirit, as it tried to burn down the forest.
But Noelle used a powerful attack with her water magic
and managed to subdue Salamander.
All right! Now it's finally time for my special move!
In order to finish it off,
Asta used Bull Thrust, a special move he had just thought up.
Here we go!
Bull Thrust!
Defectors' Atonement
To think that imperfect little brat had this much power...
It seems he wasn't all talk.
As for the other army...
Who the heck is that guy?
He's not a witch, is he?
He had the balls to show up alone in front of this huge army?
Is he stupid?
Mars! Do you know who I am?
Wait, is that guy... our old teacher?
Ladros...
So I get to torment our old teacher with my own hands.
Heck yeah!
Woo! Guess that's our teacher for you.
It looks like neither of you are who you used to be.
Then I shall use my own magic...
to atone for my past!
Woo! What a nice breeze.
It feels so nice!
For the record, I have to ask...
Do you have any intention of turning back?
Oh, come on. That's our line, Teach!
So, like... Apparently our king is really sick, y'know?
And from what we've heard, the queen here has lived, like, hundreds of years.
So the king wants to know how she does it,
even if it means killing everyone in this forest.
We just happened to hear that the Eye of the Midnight Sun was
also visiting this forest,
so we decided to take advantage of the chaos!
Taking what you want by force... That's how the Diamond Kingdom works.
And that's exactly why I left.
Here I come!
Yahoo! I get to embrace our teacher with my own two
Tsk.
He's charging at us despite how many of us are here?
Is this guy stupid?
Wind Creation Magic: Emperor of Slashing WindsWinter Wind!
What?
He's fast!
That's... the traitor, Fanzell Kruger!
He was a military commander and an instructor for our army.
And he had the nerve to defect!
If we kill him, we'll get a huge reward!
Don't hold back! Kill him!
As I thought, they're not moving.
It must be hard to attack in a place where your allies are concentrated.
Particularly for warriors with powerful magic like you two.
But there are limits to how much I can do by myself.
I'm counting on you two, my little honey and my cute little student.
I wonder if Master actually put some clothes on.
Yup. I think I might actually be a genius.
Keep calm! Get into Formation Six!
Former commander or not,
if we keep formation and continue attacking from a distance,
we'll eventually beat him.
He's only one guy!
What?!
Of course he's not alone.
To make a surprise attack, you must have three times the enemy's strength.
That's what my master taught me.
Reinforcements!
Don't underestimate our strength!
Team Two!
They're... trying to drive us into the forest!
This isn't good!
The dense fog and trees will ruin our formation.
Change over to Formation Thirteen!
Team Four!
Team Five!
How are they able to predict our moves so easily?!
It's because I was in the Diamond Kingdom's assassination squad.
You guys are too easy.
Previously, I killed people who were doing everything they could to survive.
There might not be anything I can do to atone for what I've done.
This might just be self-satisfaction, but...
I'll put an end to your tyranny.
You traitor!
Sure. You can say whatever you want.
I won't lose heart again.
If I did, the person who saved me might get angry with me again.
That girl's amazing!
She's able to command us witches so well.
I know, right? Our little Mariella is amazing.
And as for our next move...
What are those things?
They fell for it!
I used my magic items and skills to modify the golems just a tiny bit.
Amazing! But the modifications must've cost a fortune.
Believe it or not, it only cost me 3,000 yuls in materials for each!
That much destructive power for a mere 3,000 yuls?!
Okay, everyone! This is it!
Time to teach those thugs who thrashed our houses a lesson!
Don't you dare underestimate us witches!
Oh, dear... Looks like they set traps down there and tried to lure us in.
It wouldn't be safe to just charge in there.
But on the other hand, it looks fun, so here I go! Woo!
Let me play, too!
Now, then... where are they?
I figured this is what you'd do.
Wind Binding Magic: Emperor of Slashing WindsWhirlwind!
Whoopsies! Looks like I've been caught.
I'll ask you one more time. Any chance of you turning back?
Like hell I'm gonna turn back!
I wanna kill lots and lots of people!
What the hell's wrong with you, Teach?
You're the one who raised murderers like us.
And now you think you can live your life as a good person?
Sorry, but I promised my final student...
and your junior apprentice.
I'm going to live!
I'm done running!
Good. Make sure to sense your opponent's mana.
Calm your emotions.
Good. Now concentrate.
Listen up. Your powers exist to protect others.
Don't ever forget that.
Yes, sir!
Ladros was an expert in physical reinforcement spells.
This probably won't be enough to beat him.
That's enough!
Mars...
He had the best skills of all my students.
At this point, I don't think I can beat him at close range.
Let's have you step back a bit.
Wind Creation Magic: Emperor of Slashing WindsMountain Wind!
Ladros...
This is my full magic power!
Wind Creation Magic: Emperor of Slashing Winds
Gale!
Ladros was an odd kid who didn't have a magic attribute.
Teacher...
You can become strong even without an attribute, right?
He had a complex about that.
But his magic was stronger than anyone else's.
If he's picked up a powerful long-distance spell, things are gonna get ugly.
I'll put him out of commission first!
Forgive me!
I can't! I can't, I can't!
I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't!
Your magic...
Teacher, I just...
can't eat all of your magic!
He doesn't have a single scratch on him!
After you left, I had the army surgically modify me,
and I gained a certain magic ability...
Absorption and emission.
I can absorb all of the magic attacks I take into my body
and fire them back whenever I want.
In other words...
I can use your magic to kill your friends!
What the heck is that magic?
It's not just Ladros. Several magic powers are building...
Hey, Teach... Did you happen to bring anyone important to you into this forest?
If you did, you should probably go save them right about now.
Sweet! You can race with my magic!
Here I go!
Ready... and boom!
Million Lasers!
Whoops... I got so psyched up, I ended up killing some of the people on our side.
I wonder if Teach is still alive.
Ooh, there he is!
Zell...
Domina...
Oh, dear... It looks like you really did have someone important to you here.
But you seem to be taking a nap. Probably not the best time for that!
So you're Teach's special someone.
Man, I'm jealous.
Hey, I've seen you before.
Oh! You're the girlfriend who ran off with him!
How've you been?
Don't... You should be using your powers to do the right thing...
But I have been this whole time.
I didn't go through special training to protect people. Not even a tiny bit.
Getting to use your power to the max in combat... What could be better than that?
You see, I want to be acknowledged. By this country! By this world!
That's why I trained hard and climbed to the rank of the Eight Shining Generals.
What is this idealistic crap that's coming out of your mouth?
That's exactly why you lost a power struggle
and had to run away with your tail between your legs,
you stupid coward!
My husband... is not a coward!
Guess I'll just have to kill this chick first!
Don't!
My powers... exist to protect others.
Your lessons got through to me.
Mars, what just...
Mars, buddy... Whatcha doin'?
There's no reason to kill people unnecessarily.
Our target is the Queen of Witches.
How half-assed can you get?
Those two are traitors that defected from the Diamond Kingdom.
Letting them go would mean betraying our kingdom.
You're right.
So... you're gonna betray the kingdom?
I guess that's what this means.
Woohoo!
I can finally kill you legally!
Seeing you always drove me nuts!
All cool and composed, even when we were kids! You could do anything!
I knew you were going to get in my way as I was aiming for the top!
Who knew I'd get to off you here?
And along with your beloved teacher!
This is the best! I couldn't ask for more!
Mariella?
That's my master you're talking about.
Don't kill him like he's just some sort of bonus!
Could you and your weak magic stay out of this?
You wouldn't even count as a snack.
That's my widdle Mars!
I'll take your ridiculously huge magic, add in some flair, and send it right back atcha!
Flame Recovery Magic: Phoenix Robe!
Mars, why are you protecting us?
As Ladros said, we're traitors.
And you lost your memory...
Don't worry. I'm on your side, Master.
I wasn't expecting to see you here, but...
Woohoo!
The details can wait.
We need to do something about him first.
Right. But how are we supposed to handle such an unnatural power?
He's almost invincible, but there are still a number of ways to defeat him.
One is to feed him magic until it overwhelms his capacity and he self-destructs.
This might be possible with spirit magic or even the Queen of Witches's magic.
The other method...
is anti-magic.
Anti-magic?
How do you know about that?
There's actually someone who can test out that method
on the other side of the forest right now.
Let's lure Ladros over there!
Understood.
What are you gossiping about over there?
No matter what plan you come up with, it'll be useless against my power!
What?
Huh?
Your power has made you careless!
I'm not half bad at reinforcement magic myself.
Have a nice trip!
We have you completely surrounded!
So just give up already!
Shoo, shoo! Shoo, shoo!
Resistance is futile!
We don't want to hurt you!
You're still young! You shouldn't just throw your life away!
If you do something stupid, your parents and friends back home will be sad!
You filthy humans... Don't you dare speak of my friends!
Petit Clover!
You Got Through to Me
You Got Through to Me.
Mars!
Do you... know how old I am?
Twenty-eight.
Woo! There's no way Teach is in his twenties!
I say thirty-eight!
No one can teach swordsmanship like that
unless they've been teaching a long time.
He's forty-two!
I have absolutely no interest in this, but he's probably forty-six.
He has such a beautiful and intelligent wife despite how he looks.
The only way he could've pulled that off is with
flirting techniques acquired as a middle-aged man.
Hm... Fifty!
He always looks so tired, too... I say fifty-four.
You are at least younger than me... aren't you?
I'm only twenty-eight...
Your lessons got through to me!
It appears that Salamander is still alive and well.
What will you do now, brat?
Let's see what you're made of.
Black Clover, Page 61: The Promised World.
Page 61 The Promised World
Being ageless is my magic.
