It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun is led by a man named Licht,
who owns a four-leaf grimoire.
They are a terrorist group he formed six years ago, and they hold
a grudge against the Clover Kingdom.
They have about fifty mages who are members.
Among them are their leader, Licht,
as well as the three they call the Third Eye: Raia, Vetto, and Fana.
They are much stronger than the other members.
They all hold a strong grudge against the Clover Kingdom,
and they use that to justify their terrorist attacks.
Their endgame is to have an independent country of their own.
That about covers everything, doesn't it?
Yes.
And this is the most important bit of information...
I've learned that there is a traitor among you
who is working with the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
What?! Among the c-c-captains?!
I knew it.
Who could it be?
Because of you, Captain Fuegoleon was...
Why?! Why would you betray us?!
Three-Leaf Salute
Now, would you kindly tell me
which one of these captains is the traitor who aided the Eye of the Midnight Sun?
Tell me their name.
It's...
The captain of the Purple Orcas,
Gueldre Poizot.
Impossible! What are you talking about?
Th-They're terrorists that attacked our beloved nation!
You'd actually believe what they're saying?
As if I would ever betray the Clover Kingdom!
I'd rather not say this,
but I've heard a few dark rumors about you.
It's not just a few. We've heard many.
Wh-What? Really?
Come to think of it, I've heard plenty of rumors like that.
Apparently, they weren't all false.
I knew you were probably up to something sketchy, but this is just...
Don't be ridiculous! Th-This must be some kind of mistake!
I know! They're trying to frame me as a traitor!
They're only telling me what they know, plain and simple.
Information obtained with my memory exchange magic
is absolute.
You heard him, Hard Ham.
I'm not hard!
Just calm down.
Why not just let the guy with the bowl cut look at your memories?
If you're really a clean ham, that is.
I agree with everything other than what you called me.
If you're truly innocent, you should.
W-Well, I...
What? Are you embarrassed?
You a teenage boy or something?
You're behaving shamefully, Gueldre.
You will pay for betraying the kingdom with your death.
So it really is you.
Because of you, Captain Fuegoleon was...
No! This is some sort of trap!
I'll clear my name! This is a strategic retreat!
Transparency Creation Magic: Invisible Great Mage!
He disappeared?
He's actually trying to get away?
Well, this just got real.
This isn't good. His transparency magic
makes him vanish for a set amount of time, and all spells will go right through him.
Meaning while he's invisible, our attacks won't do a thing.
What?! But that makes him invincible!
Transparency Creation Magic: Invisible Troops.
Hold them back for me!
We can't just let him get away!
Dorothy, this is no time to be sleeping!
What are we going to do? We can't catch him if we can't see him.
Yami.
There's nothing to worry about.
I'm not going to get caught by the likes of you!
My magic is invincible!
I used this power to claw my way up to the position of Magic Knights Captain!
Then I accumulated a fortune through business and became a wealthy merchant.
I am a great mage who has both wealth and power!
I won't let it end here!
I will rise again and again with this magic and my business talent!
You're right there!
Wh-What?!
Y-You shouldn't have been able to see me!
How?! How were you able to attack me?!
Hard Ham is able to hide his magical powers, but not his ki.
And since the anti-magic sword isn't magical, it'll work against him.
Looks like an anti-magic kid who can read ki ended up being his natural enemy.
Don't mock me! I'm a captain!
You magicless peasant!
You look better when you're groveling on the ground!
Not yet!
I'm not letting you get away!
The Magic Knights Captains that I admire so much
wouldn't run away over something like this!
Very well. If you want to die that badly...
I shall grant your wish for you!
Mr. Poizot.
Hold still a sec.
Picture Magic: Spring of Restriction.
Ah, yes, Mr. Poizot, you're a picture-perfect fellow.
I think I'll call this...
The Drowning Captain.
What do you think?
What is this magic?
Rill, how dare you go easy on him?
Well, I mean, if I hadn't done that,
this building would've been destroyed.
His magic allows all magic to pass through him.
In that case, we can simply attack using physical objects.
We'll just have some commoners rebuild the building.
I lost the chance to let loose on a captain.
The guy resembles a ham exactly, so he would've been perfect to slice up.
We're Magic Knight Captains. We can't just sit around and space out.
We have to at least strike a pose.
Are you still asleep?!
Actually, you still managed to keep up...
You sure are reliable for someone who's always asleep!
Running away, even though you're a man. How pathetic.
Even if you weren't a traitor, you'd still be a failure as a captain.
Wh-Why is Yami only paying attention to Dorothy?
Does he like women like her?
Friends, I believe that's enough.
Someone may be controlling him with magic.
Wow, I'm glad I said that when everyone was here.
I can't tone down my magic, after all.
These people are insane!
These are the best Magic Knights... the best in the country?!
Hey! You were amazing earlier!
How did you know where Mr. Poizot was?
How'd you undo his transparency magic?!
U-Um...
Well, whatever. I'm Rill, and I'm nineteen! Who are you?
I-I'm Asta, and I'm fifteen. Wait, you're nineteen and a captain?!
Ah, so you're younger than me! Hey, Asta, be my friend!
Wait, with a captain? Uh...
Well, sure! Okay!
Yay! Just between you and me,
everyone here's way older than me, so it's been rough having to tiptoe around them!
I see! And they're all weirdos, too!
Hey, you jerks. I can hear you.
Also, you're the weirdos here.
Now, then...
I have some questions for you,
Gueldre.
Gueldre, everything you've said so far is true?
Yes.
Man, that's quite the list.
Abusing his own squad members,
embezzling funds, selling national treasure-class magic items
on the black market...
And smuggling dangerous magic potions from other countries.
He's already pitch-black before even being a traitor.
He might be a good fit for the Black Bulls.
Actually, becoming a burnt-black ham sounds better for him.
What are you even going on about?
So this is why he didn't want his memory read with magic.
Most important of all... Kidnapping barrier mages.
That's direct cooperation with the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
That's solid proof of how they managed to infiltrate the royal capital.
He was dazzled by rare magic items and made a deal with those terrorists.
What a fool.
Well, unfortunately, he's always been like that.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun has probably killed the kidnapped barrier mages already.
This is an unparalleled blunder.
He was a Magic Knight, charged with protecting our citizens,
yet he sold them out instead.
In order to keep the citizens from growing uneasy,
we won't make this a public matter.
But to ensure that this never happens again,
check all of your squad members to make sure no one has ties to the enemy.
Yes, sir!
Well, well...
I'm a pretty decent actor.
No one can see through my copy transformation magic.
So which one of them was actually me?
Now nobody's going to be suspicious for a while.
I'm sorry for making you two stay behind.
It's sad... being betrayed by comrades who fought alongside me.
I sprinted at full speed to get where I am,
but as a result, I may have made a lot of mistakes.
If that's the reason you had us stay behind,
you picked the wrong guys, Julius.
To tell you the truth, when we were interrogating
the two Eye of the Midnight Sun members,
they told us one more thing.
Asta, do you remember the stone tablet back at their hideout
when you were taken by them?
That thing...
They call the stones that were set into it magic stones.
They believe that if they collect all of them,
they will be reborn into their true forms,
which are linked closely to mana, and gain enormous power.
Apparently they also went after Fuegoleon
because they wanted the magic stone that he had.
Reborn, eh?
You sure they didn't just read one too many fantasy novels?
We don't know whether that's true or not, but their obsession with it is real.
We must not let them get the stones.
Oh, and?
There are three magic stones left.
They know the location of one of them.
Yeah? And where's that?
In a strong magic region...
The Underwater Temple.
What's that?
I'm pretty sure you don't need this head anymore.
Stop! I won't say any more! Please spare me!
Perfect. Let me crush it for you.
Strong magic regions are, as the name suggests, regions with strong magic,
where all sorts of magical phenomena occur to prevent people from entering.
Of all the regions with strong magic, the Underwater Temple
is said to be especially dangerous.
The dungeon you recently conquered could be considered
a beginner's course in comparison.
There's a place that's even more amazing than that?
So you want us to get there before the Eye of the Midnight Sun does
and snatch the magic stone or whatever?
That's right.
This is an important mission. The best squad for the job
is the one with lots of members who aren't restricted by familial or social status...
Which means your Black Bulls, Yami.
There may still be traitors among the Magic Knights.
Will you do it?
You're the Wizard King. If that's what you think, just give the order.
As a captain, you're definitely right that I don't have anything holding me back.
I hear he's not from this kingdom.
Apparently he's a castaway from some foreign country who lives on the coast by himself.
He looks kinda dangerous.
I wish he'd just leave the country.
You can't be serious! Why does a foreigner like him get a grimoire?
I bet his magic's worthless.
Let's get rid of him with our magic later.
What's that magic?
Scary...
How creepy.
Yeah... Just because I got a grimoire, that doesn't change the fact that I'm a foreigner.
I don't have anything tying me down, but that also means I'll always be alone.
Or so I thought...
Wow! That's dark magic, isn't it?!
That's amazing! I've never seen that before!
Hey, hey, hey! Let me get a better look at it!
No. Who the heck are you, old man?
Old...? Oh, but I'm not suspicious at all!
I'm just a Magic Knights Captain who was wandering around in disguise.
What's a Magic Knight?
Huh? You don't know?!
Hmm...
Well, why not come see for yourself?
I'm sure you've got potential.
Nope.
Oh, come on! Don't be like that!
Nope.
I'll treat you to dinner.
Okay, I'll go.
I see. I guess that's not enough...
Wait. You'll come?
I'll go if you buy me dinner. I'll definitely go.
You sure are interesting!
I guess I've been stuck with you ever since.
I'm just going to use my power to prove it, that's all.
To prove that you've made no mistakes.
Yami's actually saluting.
I'm counting on you, Yami.
And you, Asta...
Y-Yes, sir!
It's a strange coincidence that you joined Yami's squad.
Strong magic regions have strong mana force fields
around them that prevent outsiders from getting in.
I doubt anyone would be able to get in without your anti-magic.
And your experience fighting with the Eye of the Midnight Sun
is bound to be very useful.
I'm counting on you.
Yes, sir!
I got too excited and knocked the air out of myself!
I've never seen someone self-destruct from saluting.
I can definitely tell that you chose him, considering how interesting he is.
You were stiff as a board back there.
I guess clowns can get nervous, too.
Who are you calling a clown, sir?
It's just... I've never had someone who I thought was amazing, like the Wizard King,
expect anything from me before.
Joining the Magic Knights when you can't even use magic?
There's no way!
Actually, no one's ever really expected anything from me to begin with.
Ouch!
I let you join the Black Bulls because I thought you could do it.
Work your butt off.
Yes, sir!
All right!
The beach!
Men bring to mind the beach! The beach brings to mind men!
I'm getting all excited for no good reason!
Yeah! Come to think of it, I've never even seen the ocean before!
I haven't either, Shrimpsta!
Beach! Beach! Beach! Beach! Beach! Beach!
There's nothing better than enjoying a cold one under the blazing sun!
Shake, shake, let's shake!
I'll make some original drinks and flirt with some hotties in swimsuits on the beach!
S-Swimsuits?!
Does that mean...
If I go to the beach, I-I-I-I'll have to wear a swimsuit, too?!
Mr. Shrimp, Mr. Crab, and all the many other varieties of seafood,
I can't wait to grill you all up on the beach...
I hope we all get to put sunscreen on each other at the beach.
Captain!
Captain, what should I get for Marie?
Hey, sharks are strong, right?
I hope the sharks eat you both.
S-Swimsuit... Swimsuit...
If you don't have one, you can borrow one of mine.
Beach! Beach! Bea
Shut up!
We're not going for leisure! We're going for work!
Yes, sir...
The Underwater Temple, huh?
I wonder what it's like...
Petit Clover!
Game Tournament
Game Tournament.
This is so cool!
To think your magic can let us play games like this... You're amazing, Mr. Bowlcut!
This is called memory amusement magic,
and it allows you to battle with characters
you've created from your memory.
And my name is Marx
Whoa! The captain was super strong when he was young!
How nostalgic. It's Yami when I first met him.
You're no match for me, kid.
Not yet! I'm not done yet!
Go right! Right! Counterattack!
Now left!
You bastard...
Why don't we have a real battle instead of one in a game?
I'll die!
It'll seriously be game over!
Wh-What should I do? If we're going to the beach, I'll need a swimsuit.
I need to buy a new one!
I wonder what kind Asta likes...
Black Clover, Page 40: A Black Beach Story.
Page 40 A Black Beach Story
Like I care about what Stupidsta likes!
