It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
While the members of the Golden Dawn were stopping
the Diamond troops from invading Kiten,
Yami asked Vangeance something that had been bothering him for a long time.
Vangeance...
Could you take off that mask?
Yami, you suspect that I may be the leader of the Eye of the Midnight Sun, don't you?
Very well.
Sorry about that.
As Asta and Yuno were reunited during this battle and renewed their ambitions...
We're both working to become the Wizard King!
Never Again
Sounds like a lively bunch has arrived.
Are you just not satisfied unless you're fighting something? Huh?
My head! It's going to crack!
It's going to break!
Is that what's wrong with you?
My body is moving on its own?!
Well, whatever. You fought despite how broken you are.
Captain Yami, I can't! Please!
Spare me, please!
Have him take a look at you and your head.
I think my head's being affected more now than it usually is!
Hey, Yami. Come on in.
Who are you?
This guy, who looks completely out of place in this tower,
is the kingdom's best quack doctor. You might've gathered that from how he looks.
That's so rude!
He managed to reattach one of my arms after it almost fell off before,
so he's a great recovery mage.
Have him check you out.
I'm gonna get even more injured!
Are you all right?
Recovery Mage Who Works Directly Under the Wizard King Owen
I'm Owen, a recovery mage who works directly under the Wizard King.
Pleasure to meet you.
I'm Asta! Thanks for seeing me!
I hear all about you when I go out drinking with Yami.
Really?!
Yeah. I heard that you can nullify magic.
Who knew such magic existed?
He works directly under the Wizard King? Even I know what that means!
He must be an incredible quack doctor!
Welp, I've got something I gotta take care of.
I've got a good feeling that I'm gonna win today.
You're going gambling, aren't you?
May Lady Luck be with you!
Jeez... Yami's younger than me, but he's much bolder. It's so irritating.
He's not a bad guy, though.
Yup!
Well, have a seat.
Yes, sir.
Now, then... Let's see.
Water Recovery Magic: Qualle Operation.
Wow, they got you good, didn't they?
But don't you worry. My spell sees through the body of the person it envelops,
so I can get a clear look at the affected area and heal it with precision.
Yami's amazing, but you've got some amazing muscles yourself.
I work out!
Now for some mana to promote healing...
Man, I finally got out of Kiten.
Just how many captives did the Golden Dawn take?
Let's see, where's Asta...
Whoa, what the heck is that?!
Jellyfish... recovery magic?
Asta...
Oh, hey, Finral. Sorry to keep you waiting.
Oh, hey, Asta. No worries.
Yami should show up any minute now.
Hey!
Captain Yami, did you...
I was on fire today!
What's with the huge bag?
Huh? Forget it. Let's just go home.
Hurry up with the spatial magic, Finral.
Okay...
All right, listen up.
I'm pretty sure some of you noticed,
but we've earned so many stars lately that we're actually out of the hole.
This is all thanks to you dumbasses working hard.
So eat all this meat!
Swoosh!
Swooshy, whooshy, whooshy, whoosh!
Meat! Here! There!
Everywhere! All of the meat!
So good!
Mister Yami's actually treating us! Today's a damn holiday!
I'm gonna eat a lifetime's worth of meat!
Marie, I'll only serve you the best meat.
Here you go, Marie.
I've cooked this meat to just above 55 degrees Celsius, just high enough
to make sure you don't get food poisoning, but below 60 degrees Celsius,
since that would make it tough.
It's the best-cooked meat possible.
This is his own personal opinion
Say, Aah.
It's so good!
Magna, wanna kill each other over this hunk of meat?
Of course not, you idiot!
Aw, come on!
Is there anything more blissful than this? I can barely stand it.
It's so hot! But so good!
P-Pwease dun mook at muh ben I'm meating! It's embarrassing!
You only eat barbecue with those who are special to you.
Asta and I are special friends who share the same meat...
Asta, you can't eat with your arms like that, right?
Y-You're so helpless. I'll just have to feed you myself...
Woohoo! I can eat with my feet now!
I guess people can learn to do anything!
You filthy peasant!
All right, Finral! Show us a trick!
Huh? O-Oh, sure...
Secret Technique: Stop Hitting Yourself!
All right! You're next, Charmy!
Secret Technique: Instant Disappearing Meat!
La, la, la...
All you did was eat it instantly!
All right, Grey! You're next!
Do something!
I can't!
Shut up and do something!
S-Secret Technique: M*** ***xe!
You just turned into what you usually turn into!
Wow, everyone's so amazing.
Everyone has their own special skill.
I have something that I've been secretly practicing.
Do you mind if I show you guys?
Special Technique: Crackling Magna Typhoon!
Secret Technique: Meaty Sheepy Peacock!
Next, I'll work out!
That's not a special trick at all!
Man, I'm exhausted. I'm gonna call it a night!
Well, all right. Make sure you get plenty of rest!
Great work, everyone!
Isn't Asta acting a bit weird?
Yeah... I mean, when does he ever get tired?
Exactly. He just seems off today.
Maybe I'll go cheer him up.
Maybe if we try to kill each other, he'll feel better.
He'll feel better if he eats some more meat, la!
I wonder if something happened.
F-F-Forget I said anything!
Now that you mention it, the angle of his smile
seemed a little lower than usual...
Marie...
Guys, I have something to tell you.
I overheard something when Asta was getting healed.
The doctor said that Asta's arms
will never go back to normal.
What?
What... are you saying?
It looks like some kind of ancient curse has been placed upon them.
On top of that, the bones are shattered.
I'm very sorry, but I won't be able to heal you with the magic I have now.
A curse, huh?
Impressive... You managed to draw me out, human.
If that's what the best recovery mage in the Clover Kingdom said,
then there's no doubt about it.
No...
Just when I thought I'd found the ultimate partner...
This is way too harsh.
The boy has no magic... and now he can't even use his only weapon?
La...
Unbelievable...
Asta...
You will never be able to swing your sword again.
You will never be able to swing your sword again.
Asta...
Like hell I'm gonna give up!
You just had to mess with me again, didn't you, fate?!
But you're just firing me up more, you bastard!
I'm gonna find a way to fix these arms, no matter what!
Or I'll find some kind of strength that lets me fight without my arms!
And you have no magic whatsoever.
You must've been born that way.
Then no matter how hard I try, I won't be able to use magic?
Just give up on everything.
You were born a loser!
I'm just going to give...
That one time was the very last time
I'm ever going to feel depressed!
Just you wait, you bastard!
Asta...
Now that that's settled, time to train!
Damn straight, kid.
That's one hot-blooded guy, damn it!
Way to go, Asta.
Yup!
I'm gonna share my snacks with him later, la.
H-His optimism is absolutely amazing!
I believe in you.
His courage is admirable, but I won't let him near Marie.
Admirable courage, though.
Just you wait, Yuno!
That's right. You can't give up, boy.
Magic from that country might be able to save you!
Good morning, everyone!
Huh?
There's usually someone in here making things lively...
Did something about the base change again?
Did everyone already head out somewhere for the day?
Hell if I know.
Is everyone just slacking off?
They were partying pretty hard yesterday...
I sense someone's ki. You can't hide from me!
That's Noelle and Finral.
What're they up to?
Okay, we were able to send basically everyone off.
I wish they'd all stop being so secretive.
Asking me to send them places because something came up,
or they suddenly remembered they had to be somewhere...
I know they're all sneaking away to try and find a cure for Asta.
Huh?
Though I guess since they're not technically going on missions,
Yami might get mad at them.
Not to mention, Asta would probably say something like,
Forget about me! Please put any missions first!
Well, this place looks pretty rough.
You scared, Magna?
Like hell I am! I'm actually super excited!
Magna and Luck went to search some dungeon in a barren part of the Forsaken Realm.
Just you wait, Asta!
Gauche and Gordon are researching hexes at the royal library.
I want to hurry up and fix Asta's arms so I can hold his hand.
Our bond will get even stronger if I can heal his wounds.
We'll be friends forever.
Yes, BFFs...
Stop mumbling and search, damn it.
100 Spells That'll Help You Become an Older Brother Your Little Sister Will Adore.
Marie...
A Beginner's Guide to Ancient Hexes That Even a Monkey Could Understand
Well...
I guess it might make Marie sad if he doesn't get better.
Gauche is actually putting someone else before his sister for once.
I need to work harder.
Charmy and Grey went to search for some unknown ingredients that work against curses.
Grey
Just you wait, Asta!
I'll find you something that'll cure your curse, fill your tummy, and be yummy!
That's... I have no idea what it is, but it smells delicious, la!
But I have to hold back!
Cotton Creation Magic: Sheep Bondage!
All right! Let's keep moving forward, la!
Who would've thought that the members of the worst, lowest,
and crudest squad would be working so hard for one newbie?
No kidding. Especially for such a dumb, reckless,
vulgar, no-magic peasant like him.
You don't have to try so hard anymore,
you filthy little rat that wandered into the wrong place.
What the heck is that peasant from the boonies saying?
You can't do a thing in this world.
Even though he doesn't have any magic,
he just refuses to give up.
Even though he doesn't have any magic,
he's the first one into the battle, and he fights harder than anyone else.
And because he's like that,
Asta was able to give us the strength to fight.
Now, it's our turn to help him fight!
That always frustrated me.
But I sure was blessed with amazing friends...
Those dumbasses.
If only they'd work this hard at their regular jobs.
All right, Noelle!
Why don't we also go look for somewhere promising together Crunch.
Sorry, but there's somewhere I'd like you to take me.
You can go wherever you want on your own.
What? Where are you going?
I see! They might know something that we don't.
Come to think of it...
Where the heck did Vanessa go?
She disappeared before anyone else.
Maybe she has some kind of lead herself.
I don't have any time to waste, either. Hurry up and take me.
Maybe remember you're asking your senior for a favor... But, yeah, okay.
Coming.
Looks like he's home.
I'm coming in!
Oh, hey. I just got out of the bath
Petit Clover!
100 Spells That'll Help You Become an Older Brother Your Little Sister Will Adore
100 Spells That'll Help You Become an Older Brother Your Little Sister Will Adore.
First, please evaluate yourself.
What type of older brother are you?
What would you do if your sister fell in love with someone?
Question 1: What would you do if your sister fell in love with someone?
A, Watch over them from the shadows
A: Watch over them from the shadows.
B, Aggressively try to talk to her about it
B: Aggressively try to talk to her about it.
C: Absolutely refuse to allow this relationship to happen.
C, Absolutely refuse to allow this relationship to happen
D: Other.
D, Other (Fill in)
Murder him
Question 2: You see your sister holding hands with another man.
What do you do?
A, Pretend you didn't see it
A: Pretend you didn't see it.
B, Greet them quickly, then leave
B: Greet them quickly, then leave.
C, Aggressively go talk to them
C: Aggressively go talk to them.
D, Other (Fill in)
D: Other.
Murder him
Evaluation results...
You fail as a human being, much less a big brother
You fail as a human being, much less a big brother.
Reflect Ray!
Let's take good care of library books
Let's concentrate on how to enjoy being alone instead of making friends
100 Spells to Help You Make Friends
Let's take good care of library books
That's right, Asta! You'd better not give up!
Not giving up is our magic!
Black Clover, Page 55: The Man Named Fanzell.
Page 55 The Man Named Fanzell
I don't care if I have to go to the ends of the earth! I'll find a way to cure you!
