It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The fifth round of the Royal Knights Selection Exam finally concluded.
Crystal magic stoppage confirmed.
B Team wins!
Fully bloom!
Full bloom!
C Team wins!
Flame Magic: Spiral Flames!
Crystal destroyed! E Team wins!
The crystal's been destroyed. G Team wins!
Picture Magic: Twin Storms of Fire and Water!
Sandstone Magic: Rock Storm!
The crystal has been destroyed. I Team wins!
You guys were pretty good.
But I haven't quite managed the ultimate painting yet.
The sixth round was about to begin.
It's finally our turn! I can't wait!
Make sure you don't go running off on your own.
Let's hit'em with our best performances!
Yeah!
And now, for the sixth round of stage one!
And... begin!
Bad Blood
Things are getting pretty intense.
Both teams are concentrating their attacks at the center
of the battlefield for a magic slugfest.
Steel Creation Magic: Full Metal Fortress!
Take this!
His spell changed shape! That's awesome!
He added a page to his grimoire and evolved the spell.
Lightning Magic: Thunderbolt Destruction!
How is his spell so destructive?
As I thought... This isn't a junior-level fight.
Luck and I have done tons of missions over the last few months,
and we've gotten tougher every time!
Ain't no way we're still junior-level!
He's always had intermediate skills,
but apparently, he's gotten stronger.
But that goes for me, too.
Following Asta's example, I trained my magic, my body, and my spirit!
Even if my hard work may betray me...
I will not betray my hard work!
Steel Creation Magic: Blazing Spiral Lance!
Way to go, four-eyes!
Fantastic, Klaus!
I guess you're not just some four-eyes who's too serious and worries too much!
Nice! After this fight is over, you should fight me!
Don't be stupid! Concentrate on this match!
Here he comes... Rob Vitesse.
He's left the crystal behind him.
We'll bust through our three opponents and destroy the crystal in a single rush!
You got it!
You know... You two are pretty good.
Wing Magic...
She's actually flying!
Angel Flapping!
That's an attack for the enemy...
Go, Luck!
And a tailwind for my allies!
This is so much fun!
All right! Break through!
In the end,
it's individual power differences that separate victory and defeat.
My spell didn't even faze him.
Not good... Crazy boy!
More...
He's fast.
Let's play some more!
In a single blow?!
The crystal has been destroyed. K Team wins!
Yes!
They did it!
Yay, yay...
Man, that was so much fun.
Luck! Y-You actually...
Boom, boom! You two are fantastic!
Yay!
Luck!
That bastard! You're getting way too damn strong!
Our next opponent...
Next up, the eighth and final round of stage one...
O Team and P Team, step forward.
Which means it's finally...
Finally, it's our turn.
After we're done here, you're going on a date with me!
Whatever.
The other guy...
Let's... do our best.
The Green Praying Mantises 4th Class Senior Magic Knight En Ringard
Everything will be okay if we work together.
Are you okay?!
Let's win... no matter what.
Hey, is he going to be okay?
No idea.
And I heard that you grew up with Stupidsta.
I hope you're not as reckless as he is, too.
Look who's talking. You can't control your magic well, can you?
It looked like it took all you had to maintain
your Mana Skin at the volcano.
Can you actually fight?
Huh?! I'm royalty!
Can you actually think and fight, you violent peasant who's Asta's childhood friend?!
What a noisy woman.
That wasn't even an argument.
That lame comeback... Is Asta rubbing off on you?
What?! Why would I ever be influenced by him?!
See?! You're just like Shtupidshta!
Calm down. Guess I was right.
I'm perfectly calm!
Come on, you two, grow up.
Learn to get along already.
I think you might be the cause of this, Asta.
Who cares about you, Asta?!
More importantly... Why don't we come up with a plan?
Who said you could touch me?!
I see you're having a friendly chat.
It's as though you think you actually have the upper hand.
The Black Bulls just happened to make a good showing for once,
and you really believe it was thanks to you?
Solid...
You can't control your magic, and despite being from the House of Silva,
you couldn't even make it into the Silver Eagles.
And you're going to fight me?
You're back again, shaggy bangs?!
You failure!
Why can't you do the same things as us when you're also royalty?
Trash! How dare you eat before me?
Please stop, Solid. Please give that back.
You can't protect what's important to you because you're weak.
Please stop!
If you're upset, then get back at me.
If you can actually hit me with your spells, I mean.
There you are, you thieving raccoon!
The fairy dust! The fairy dust!
Don't worry. You can do it. We all worked so hard together.
We're basically family.
We know you way better than that brother of yours.
Now, believe in your friends and yourself! Believe yourself!
What's he mumbling about over there?
Maybe he's cursing that annoying brother of hers.
Hey, what are you doing?
We're up. Let's go.
Yeah, yeah.
Make sure you do your best to run away, Noelle.
Nyah, nyah, nyah!
Let's finally end this!
We will now begin the eighth round of stage one.
O Team: Sandler, Dimitri, and Solid versus P Team: En, Noelle, and Yuno.
Sandler
Dimitri
Solid
O Team
En Noelle Yuno
P Team
Begin!
You've got this, Yuno and Noelle!
Noelle! Show them what the Black Bulls' women are made of!
Noelle! No need to hold back just because he's your brother!
I'll attack. You two support me.
I'll attack.
No, me.
No, me!
Me.
Then I'll support...
This fast?
Wait, what?
This is an annoying way to do it, but it's a shortcut with a simplified version
of that compound magic from before.
We'll end this instantly!
They haven't moved their crystal.
This isn't good. They closed the distance to our crystal in one sprint.
Wind Magic: Crescent Moon Sickle!
Flame Magic: Combo Eruption!
Water Magic: Sea Dragon's Lair!
Look at you, learning a defense spell.
Sand Magic: Suppressing Sand Mass!
It's sucking up the water.
At this rate, we'll spend the whole match on the defensive.
Hey! Who gave you permission to cling to him like that?!
I'm probably the fastest on this team.
I'll take advantage of that and go destroy their crystal.
While I'm doing that, you two somehow protect our crystal.
Wait.
Let me go.
Please.
None of you will be going.
You go, Noelle!
She's been fighting alongside Asta.
I'm sure she can do it.
It's safer if I'm the one protecting the crystal, anyway.
If I go...
Hold it right there, Noelle!
Solid's bound to come after me.
Don't go off on your own!
I'll be your opponent.
Hey, did you hear about the newbie with the four-leaf clover?
He actually defeated one of the Eight Shining Generals from Diamond!
Seriously? That's insane for his first year!
Not only that, but when he did it,
he told the vice captain that he was going to become the Captain of the Golden Dawn.
Wow, that's wild!
I guess you have to be on a different level when the Wind Spirit chooses you.
It looks like Captain Vangeance has high hopes for him, too.
You're saying you're going to guard the crystal while dealing with me?
That attitude is sheer insolence!
Please come at me with everything you've got.
Why you?
Several Years Ago
I wasn't expecting an ambush.
As I was running, I fell deep into this cave.
No one will be able to rescue me here.
This is the end.
Are you all right, Alecdora?
He looked just like
the figure in a painting I saw when I was little.
The figure of a god.
I sensed you here.
There's nothing to worry about now.
Master Vangeance has some other mysterious power besides magic.
A warm power that seems to connect him to his squad members.
I swore that I'd devote my grimoire to his service.
I worked hard to ensure that the Golden Dawn remained the strongest squad.
We are an elite team of nobles chosen by Master Vangeance.
So why...
Why is that peasant in our midst?
Not only that...
I can tell.
Master Vangeance always interacted with all his squad members equally, and yet...
With that boy... With him...
Yuno...
He's called him by name five times today!
Even though he hasn't even spoken to me once yet!
Why him?
Is it because of his four-leaf clover?
And that boy...
The one Master Vangeance expects great things from
said that he would become captain himself.
He's mocking Master Vangeance!
Don't get full of yourself just because you lucked into getting spirit magic!
Getting chosen by me was part of Yuno's power!
That guy's pissing me off! Let's get him, Yuno!
Step back, Bell.
Are you planning on fighting without my powers?
You can't just keep defending, Noelle!
What are you doing?
You're ruining our strategy! Both of us are supposed to hit the crystal together!
Shut up! Don't boss me around!
Fine. I'll join you, and we'll defeat her in one
Heya.
What the heck is this?!
Fungus Magic: Running Mister Mushroom.
I put some spores on you a little earlier.
I won't let you get in Noelle's way.
Too bad, Noelle.
Now that I've caught up with you,
you don't have a chance in hell of scratching our crystal.
I wouldn't be too sure about that!
Relax. I's me, En.
This is Talking Mushroom. It lets you hear my voice.
Who gave you permission to stick this thing on me?!
Now, now. More importantly...
I heard Solid's remarks before the match.
A big brother should never say such things to his little sister.
I have ten younger brothers and sisters.
They're the ones I'm fighting for.
Big brothers exist to protect the younger, weaker siblings born after them.
And yet you've only said hurtful things to her!
Get him, Noelle! Thrash your brother!
Don't just give him an ordinary thrashing! Make sure he never defies you again!
R-Right... You sure are energetic.
Humans are animals, too! Once you put them in their place, they won't turn on you.
Who's going to thrash whom, now?
There's no way a failure like you could beat me!
That's right. I was weak.
You've always been strong, so you probably can't understand how weak people feel.
At this point, I don't care if you ever acknowledge me or not.
Because even greater people have acknowledged me!
I used to be really scared of your magic, Solid.
But now, it feels really flimsy.
Just keep running your mouth, you embarrassment to the House of Silva!
Water Creation Magic: Slashing Sea Serpent!
How much more do you intend to insult me?
Sand Creation Magic: Sand-Armored Heavy Guard!
This spell contains all the attack and defense powers that I have!
You think you can stop it without your spirit magic?!
I'm the one who will make Master Vangeance's dream come true!
Wind Magic: Towering Tornado!
From the inside?
What was that? He activated his spell inside his opponent's spell?
He can even do that? That's what separates us from hot guys, dang it!
I don't know anything about other people's dreams.
The only dreams I see are my own.
Impossible...
Impossible! You can't be serious!
This can't be real!
What's that spell?!
You can't be serious! Noelle couldn't cast a spell like that!
Solid...
It's all right if I hit you, right?
Just go ahead and try it!
It won't hit me! There's no way her spell could actually hit me!
You complete failure!
Sea Dragon's Roar!
Noelle!
She destroyed the crystal in a single blow!
The crystal has been destroyed! P Team wins!
I'm not weak anymore!
Petit Clover!
Charmy's Seven Transformations, Part II
Charmy's Seven Transformations, Part II!
In response to the incredible number of requests we got from
Charmy fans across the universe saying the seven transformations
from last time just weren't enough,
we bring you its sequel!
Transformation one...
Christmas Tree Charmy.
Transformation two...
Noms
Charmy the Ninja!
Transformation three...
Lion Dancer Charmy!
Transformation four...
Noms
Foot Soldier Charmy!
Transformation five...
Samba Charmy!
And to finish things off...
Transformation six...
Buddha Charmy!
Right. So we have six again.
It's finally our turn.
I'll show you that I can fight properly!
Wh-Where are you looking, Stupidsta?!
Black Clover, Page 78: Peasant Trap.
Page 78 Peasant Trap
On the name of the Black Bulls, I'm going to win, no matter what!
