It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
Controlling blood. That is my magic.
Ever since I cast that spell on you,
I've been able to manipulate your blood as I please.
Now, for your first task...
I shall force you to kill everyone here with your own two hands.
Kill every last one of them perfectly.
Asta fell under the Queen of Witches' control and tried to kill his friends, but...
Please! Make him stop!
No.
You cannot escape me.
After all, you are my daughter. My family.
I'm... part of your family?
You're not my family!
The Black Bulls are!
A new spell activated, arising from Vanessa's strong love for her friends.
The red thread... of fate.
Puppet's Blood has come undone?
This magic only takes the side of myself and those I have a family bond with.
You and I have no bond.
I'm Home
You and I have no bond.
Impossible...
Your Majesty, look! I made a doll out of thread!
My, it's so well-made.
I want to make everyone smile with my magic!
I'm sure you'll be able to, Vanessa.
I obsessed so much over obtaining perfection
that I forgot something important.
There is a power you can obtain from your feelings because you're imperfect.
The magic you could not obtain under my care...
It came to you only because you were free and imperfect.
Perfect.
Do as you wish.
You have utterly defeated me.
Blood Recovery Magic: Curse-Breaking Blood-Filled Cocoon.
Ow!
My wounds have healed!
Huh?
She fully healed all of us.
The Queen of Witches really is insane.
We... won?
You're amazing, Vanessa!
We won... We won because of your magic!
Whoo!
Thank goodness.
I'm so glad you're okay!
Do you know how worried I was about you?
Ow, ow, ow, ow...
I see you're naked, as usual.
Huh? When did that happen?
It's been a while, you two.
It's good to see you.
Why, you little...
It's all thanks to you, Vanessa.
No.
It's thanks to all of you.
It's because all of you were there for me that I was able to use that spell.
Thank you.
I guess so.
Huh?
Woohoo! It doesn't hurt!
It doesn't hurt at all! Actually, I feel as light as a feather!
The moment he gets back on his feet...
Talk about energetic.
Hey, Stupidsta! You're practically naked!
You're bringing that up now?!
Maybe he took after you, Master.
What?
But just look at me now, Noelle!
As soon as I was healed, I felt like my muscles were even more powerful!
Stupidsta!
This bird...
Thank goodness those violent people finally left.
That's what they get for attacking the Witches' Forest!
The Eye of the Midnight Sun
was apparently looking for a magic stone that's in this forest.
Do you know anything about that?
I would assume the magic stone you speak of is this.
I have no need of it. You may have it.
Huh? The magic stone?
Whoa, thank you!
Holy crap! We got the magic stone just that easily!
Yami's gonna praise us for this!
Hey, it seemed like the Eye of the Midnight Sun wanted this.
Do you have any idea why?
Actually, who the heck are they, anyway?
Do you know anything about them?
That magic stone is a magical item that heightens the wearer's powers,
but only those of the elf tribe are truly able to use it.
Elves?
The elves possessed great power.
They lived in what is now called the Forsaken Realm several centuries ago.
Each individual elf had an extraordinary amount of magical power.
Many of them were equal to me.
Several centuries? Lady, how old are you?
Your skin is way too flawless.
But...
The humans outnumbered them, and when they fought them, the elves were annihilated.
That Fana girl's third eye...
That is forbidden magic.
But that girl wasn't the one who activated that spell. It was someone else.
Ordinary humans are unable to meddle with forbidden magic.
I-I'm so completely lost.
Activating a forbidden spell
requires a tremendous amount of mana and some sort of sacrifice.
The ancient demon was also a top-level forbidden spell
activated by the leader of the elf clan.
That demon?
It could be that the Eye of the Midnight Sun are descendants of the elves.
It couldn't be.
Are you telling me the evil monsters from the picture book
my nanny read to me as a child were actually elves?
Holy crap! We're getting a ton of amazing new intel!
Reporting! I'm gonna become a reporting fiend!
And Asta, the two swords you bear...
They are the ruined remains of the magic swords used by the elves' leader.
What does that mean?!
Asta's head exploded because he couldn't keep up with the conversation!
Get a hold of yourself, Stupidsta!
He can't! He's too dumb to handle any more of this!
If you continue to fight them, that mystery should also be resolved eventually.
Yeah, he's done.
So you're really going back to the Diamond Kingdom?
Yeah.
The Queen of Witches sealed the effects of Puppet's Blood into this medicine.
I'll pass it off as some longevity drug and give it to the king,
and put an end to Morris's plans.
And I'll remake the Diamond Kingdom into a peaceful nation.
I decided that I'll help Mars out.
That seems like the quickest way to get into the top ranks of the Diamond Kingdom.
Uh, can we trust this guy?
I'll become someone you can approve of,
and one day I'll come to visit you again, Teach.
We'll keep Fana with us.
Mars, Ladros, don't push yourselves too hard.
Don't worry. We'll take good care of her.
I'll do my best to make sure she doesn't have to see Master naked.
Fana, I'm sorry. Please wait until I've changed the country.
I swear that I'll make the Diamond Kingdom the sort of place you can return to.
I'll wait as long as it takes!
Once the Diamond Kingdom is peaceful, let's go see the world together!
Of course!
I'm so jealous!
Sister, one day, that'll be you and me.
Asta...
You called me a friend.
If you run into trouble, I'll come help you at any time, no matter where you are.
That's what friends are for, right?
Yeah!
If you ever need any help, let me know!
I'll blast my way right into the Diamond Kingdom!
You are free.
But this is still your birthplace.
You may come to visit whenever you'd like.
If I start at number two, I'll be at the top in no time!
Hey, don't forget to support Mars!
Yeah, I know, I know!
You can't be trusted.
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Miz Vanessa!
Have you finished your goodbyes?
Let's get the heck out of this creepy forest.
Aw, man... I didn't have a chance to get close to any of the witchies.
Huh? Hey, don't laugh!
Thank you for healing Asta.
See you again someday.
Captain Yami! My arms are fixed!
We actually made it back alive!
Thanks to everyone, I'm healed!
It was nothing.
Oh, cool.
So why are you half-naked?
What?! That's it?!
Captain Yami! We found a magic stone!
For real?!
All right, kid. Here's your first mission since getting your arms fixed.
Go get me some booze!
Huh?!
Fine! I'll go at maximum speed!
Wait, the others aren't back yet?
Huh? They probably dropped dead in a ditch somewhere.
Seriously?
Come on. If you don't want to die too, get going.
Yes, sir!
Captain.
I'm home!
I bought you some!
That really was fast. Talk about creepy.
So what's my next mission?!
Take a break.
You're working too much. No more missions for a while.
Also, put some damn clothes on.
Yup.
No way... If you take my missions away from me, what do I have left?!
Muscles.
Oh, come on. You don't need to cry that much.
Here, I brought you some clothes. Hurry up and put them on.
We're home.
Oh, you're finally back.
That's Magna's voice!
That's right! Magna and Luck went to a dungeon to find a way to fix my arms.
I've gotta thank them!
What the heck?! Something crazy happened to them!
Fallen angel who lost your wings... In order to see you smile again,
we traveled to a dungeon.
We were lost in the dark, drowning in despair,
and my heart came close to breaking many times...
But every time that happened, I would see a vision of you.
You shook my soul. I killed my weaker self and continued fighting!
Did his personality completely change?!
The mana is calling me.
You, too?!
We wandered the dungeon, disposed of our enemies, and I became more powerful.
a spell to heal the wounds that torment you.
Powerless and defeated, I had to go home.
The mana is calling me.
Oh, my arms are fixed!
What the hell? Well, good for you, you little punk!
Thanks!
Way to go, Asta! Now let's kill each other!
No!
We're back.
Gauche...
That's right. Gauche and Gordon also went to the royal library to fix my arms.
I've gotta thank them.
What the heck?! They turned into nerds?!
I have awakened to the splendor of magic.
Beautiful spell arrays are like paintings.
Amazing, Master Gordon.
Seriously, why did your personality change, too?!
Magic truly is the ultimate artistic masterpiece.
And I still have no idea what you're saying!
But, but, we still haven't found a cure for your arms, Master Asta.
No matter how long it takes, we'll find a way to remove the curse.
Please wait, please wait, please wait, I implore you!
Oh, my arms are fixed!
What was that, you little punk?! I said I'd fix them someday!
Go get yourself cursed again, damn it!
What?!
Your nose is bleeding, Gauche!
It's from rage, damn it!
Hey, it happened again.
Shut up, you dumbass!
I know...
That your nose only bleeds
when you wish really hard for someone important to you to be happy.
I realized that because this was the first time we'd ever been alone together for so long.
This might be the way to cure Asta's arms!
Damn it, that won't work!
It always happens when you think about your little sister,
but your nose was secretly bleeding when you were thinking about Asta, too...
This is dumb. I'm going to stare at Marie now.
You actually care about Asta
just as much as you care for your little sister.
Just like your sister, yes, Asta is family.
Which means that since I'm Asta's best friend, I'm also your family...
I'm back...
Miz Charmy
What the heck?!
Hi, it's me, Charmy.
I got infested with magic mushroom parasites.
Should you really be eating those?!
I can't transform properly! This is so embarrassing!
Should you really be embarrassed right now?!
Miz Charmy! Don't eat any more of those!
I-I can't stop...
You ate one, and three more sprouted up!
Here, try one.
Heck no!
I picked lots of other yummy things, too.
You risked your lives for that?!
But I'm sorry... We couldn't find a way to fix your arms.
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
Huh? Huh?!
You're cured! How embarrassing!
There's really nothing embarrassing about that!
Well, it looks like we've got plenty of food and drink.
I'm making muscle-for-brains over there take a break,
so let's have some fun.
Party time!
It's so nice to be able to eat with my hands!
Oh, since no one was around this morning, I didn't get to feed them yet.
Hey, kid!
Yes, sir?
You guys must be starving. Don't worry, I've got plenty for you!
Of course this happens!
Oh, yeah. No one's done the laundry, either.
Where am I supposed to hang all these?!
No one's cleaned the place, either.
Hey, kid!
Yes, sir?
I'm out of toilet paper. Go get me some. And who told you to open the door?
My bad!
And on to the next!
The captain told him to rest,
but he's not getting a chance to rest at all.
Well, I'm sure that's fine for Stupidsta.
Yes... This is where I feel most at ease.
To to mention
You guys are the best!
The thing I found in the outside world
is my other family.
Petit Clover!
I Wonder Why
I Wonder Why.
What's the matter, Asta?
I wonder why Fana doesn't get burned when Salamander is covered in flames.
Probably because it's magic?
I wonder why your clothes don't get wet inside the Sea Dragon's Lair.
Because it's magic.
Why doesn't konbu seaweed flavor the ocean like dashi?
Leave any food questions to me, Professor Charmy!
The component that gives konbu dashi its flavor, glutamic acid, lies within its cells.
Those cells have what's called selective permeability,
which gives it the ability to take in what's necessary
and get rid of everything it doesn't need.
The glutamic acid that creates the dashi in konbu is necessary for its survival,
so it doesn't leave its cells while it's still alive within the ocean!
But once it dies and is dried, the cells break apart,
causing the glutamic acid to come out, which turns into dashi.
There's no way Stupidsta's going to understand any of that.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun...
They're definitely going to strike again so they can get the magic stone.
Exactly what are they after?
Black Clover, Page 66: The Eye of the Midnight Sun's Secret.
Page 66 The Eye of the Midnight Sun's Secret
Being a heavy drinker is my magic!
