It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The Man Named Fanzell Continued
Fanzell Kruger: the former instructor of the Diamond Kingdom's magic soldiers,
who also happened to be the one who taught Asta how to use his sword.
You're following up too late with your left foot.
If you're going to attack consecutively, don't pause between each slash.
Got it!
Some time had passed since they met,
and Asta was gravely injured in the battle against the Diamond Kingdom's assassin,
Mars, in the dungeon exploration mission.
Noelle was gathering nourishing herbs that would help him recover faster.
Herbs, herbs...
Here we go!
Hey, you, silver-haired girl...
Yes, you. You have a second?
There's something I'd like to ask you.
Do you have a sec?
I just want you to let me see for a second. Just a quick second.
Just a tiny bit.
Why, you...
Huh?
Wait! I promise I'm not someone suspicious!
Just for a second!
You're obviously very suspicious!
Damn it, what's all that racket?
Get away from me!
I can't get any sleep.
Lady Noe?
La?
Please stop!
You've got it all wrong.
Just for a second, miss... I'm even willing to pay.
Pan and pants might sound similar, but pants aren't edible! La!
You poor girl, running into a pervert like that.
There, there...
You twisted bastard. What were you trying to do to my squad member?
You better be thankful we didn't kill you.
Y-You've got the wrong idea.
I was the victim of a robbery, and...
No excuses!
Hey, let's fight some more! I haven't had enough yet!
Before he ever has a chance to appear in front of Marie...
I'll kill him.
Hello? Magic Knights HQ?
This is Finral, the hottie from the Black Bulls.
We've apprehended someone suspicious, so we're coming to hand him over to you.
Wait! Please, wait! Honestly, this is all a mistake!
I'm not falling for that. I only use bait when I'm fishing.
Uh, I don't know much about fishing, but...
Zell?
That voice...
Asta!
What are you doing here, Zell?
I see.
So you were able to join the Magic Knights.
Congratulations.
Oh, so it was just a misunderstanding.
To think that you really were robbed...
You should've said so earlier!
I'm pretty sure you guys weren't going to listen.
Who cares about the minor details?
Eat up.
This is the kind of pan you can actually eat, la.
Thanks.
You're my new friend.
I want to know more about you. Let's talk into the morning.
Um, can I help you?
Zell, was it? Have we met before?
No, I'm pretty sure this is the first time we've ever met.
So what are you doing here, old man?
Oh, right.
Noelle, was it?
I'm truly sorry for scaring you.
I wanted to ask you about your wand.
My wand?
Yes.
I'm fairly certain that the wand
you're using was created by Domina, who I'm looking for.
Domina?
Isn't that your fiancee?
But the person who gave me this wand was named Code.
Right. It wasn't Domina.
So I was right. There's no doubt about it.
Her full name is Dominante Code.
Where'd you get that?
The black market in the castle city.
I see...
Thank goodness.
Thank goodness.
Old man! That means Domina's alive!
That's great! Hurry up and go see her!
Yeah, I will.
Thank you. Thank you!
I'll lead you there.
Thank you, Noelle.
Because of you, I should be able to reunite with someone very important to me.
Thank you so much.
I-I didn't do that much.
So, can I go, Captain?
Huh? Sure, why not?
Oh, but don't blab about us trying to get you arrested by mistake.
You actually just admitted you made a mistake.
Shut up.
Oh, yeah. Finral, take them to their destination with your spatial magic.
Then we're even.
I'm gonna take a dump and go to bed.
Sure.
Thanks.
Well, if I stick around too long, it'll make it harder to say goodbye.
See you, Asta.
It wasn't for very long, but I'm glad I got to see you again.
Let's meet again. And make sure you become the Wizard King!
Heck yeah! And you better live happily ever after!
Everyone, get down!
Whoa, what? Are we being attacked?
They're probably the assassins who were after me.
I'll leave immediately.
The hell is this? Who do I need to kill for this, and how?
I don't see any movement.
Knowing Instructor Fanzell, I thought he'd come straight out.
Let's see how things play out.
Diamond Kingdom Assassination Squad Commander Galleo
Squads 1 through 4, maintain formation and advance.
Squads 5 and 6, stand by.
Is that building some kind of apartment complex?
I'm not sure. I'm going now.
Commander Galleo, could you use your spatial magic?
For insurance, just in case this surprise attack fails, huh?
I don't think that's necessary, but fine.
We'd be a laughing stock if a plan like this actually failed.
What's with the glare? Did you forget who let you live?
I know I owe you my life.
Don't forget it.
So I'd like to give you some advice.
My instructor...
is very strong.
Scout from Unit 1 reporting. We're within twenty meters of the building.
All right, prepare to attack.
There's the target. Don't let him get away. After him!
Lightning Creation Magic: Thunderbolt Destruction!
Flame Magic: Prison Death Scattershot!
Hey, what the hell? Our surprise attack actually worked.
Maybe these guys aren't so strong after all.
That works for me. Looks like there are plenty of them,
so let's have them play with us until their kneecaps shatter!
Squads 1 and 2, continue pursuing the target.
Are you the commander?
I'm going to end this quickly so I can go see Marie.
Mirror Magic: Reflect Refrain!
Wh-What is this magic?
Guess I'll get things started.
Darkness Magic: Dark Cloaked Lightless Slash!
None shall ever lay a finger on my food.
Don't go too overboard. Make sure you leave some for me.
That water barrier...
It wasn't created to stop our attacks,
but so their own magic wouldn't destroy the place.
You the commander?
You're Fanzell!
Don't! You can't lay a finger on me!
Don't you care what happens to the hostage?
Hostage? Who?
Dominante Code... Mariella's heading to her now.
Did you think we didn't know where Code was hiding?
Now, let go of me, or
Man, the captain's amazing.
To think he was exactly right about what's going on.
What?
My teammates are heading out to protect
Domina via spatial magic as we speak.
They've probably already found her.
Wh-Who are you?
Just how long does it take you to come get me, you worthless fiance?!
How dare you leave a delicate flower like me alone for so long?!
Dominante Code
You're kind of hurting me right now...
Thank you, young lady.
I never thought you'd do this much for me just because I gave you a little extra.
Looks like Bruce was right about you.
I'm not so sure about that...
And you must be Asta.
Huh? How do you
You look as gutsy as I've heard!
Who told you that?
Who?
You're Mariella!
I won't do anything violent.
What are you expecting a single girl to do, anyway?
You and your buddies beat the crap out of your instructor!
You're probably plotting the same thing again!
I mean no harm, but please allow me to use you.
Huh?
What do you mean?
Ah, so you're the Black Bulls...
Did Mariella have us attack without knowing who they were?
You had those guys attack the Black Bulls' base so we'd take care of them?
While that was happening, I headed to the black market
to tell Miss Domina that the instructor was coming,
so we were getting prepared.
Though I didn't think you'd get here so fast.
I've drawn out a safe escape route on this map.
Why are you doing this for us?
Mariella?
Including the ones that were sent to the city,
we'll be able to take care of about sixty assassins at once.
On top of that, Instructor Fanzell and Miss Domina will be able to escape.
I'm sure these incidents will set the organization back substantially.
This is my revenge against the organization.
Revenge?
Just like Instructor Fanzell... I'm tired of this job.
But I'm also not prepared to be on the run for the rest of my life
like Instructor Fanzell and Miss Domina.
In the end, I decided to exact a huge revenge,
then present myself to the Clover Kingdom's Magic Knights.
You just... decided that?
I was waiting for all of these circumstances to align.
And then,
I just happened to see Instructor Fanzell being dragged into the Black Bulls' base.
I thought if I got you involved, you'd annihilate the assassins.
Did you, now?
You make it sound so easy.
So please, capture me. Then this will end happily ever after.
Do you really think it'll work out that well?
Considering everything you've done, you'll probably be severely punished,
and you might face retaliation from the organization while you're serving time.
And that's perfectly fine.
I'll be content with accepting anything other than death.
Remember when you said, You're supposed to find a reason to live for yourself?
What about it?
It was condescending. Who do you think you are?
Huh?!
But your words resonated with me.
You were really cool.
R-Really?
The punishment I receive
will be the cost for me to restart and atone for everything I've done.
That's why I believe I need to accept the punishment, no matter how severe it may be.
Mariella...
I don't think so!
Galleo!
You're a commander, and you deserted your squads?
That's awful!
You're the last person I want to hear that from!
If you want to be executed so badly,
I'll personally do it for you, right here, right now!
Everyone, please run.
He might not sound too dangerous, but his magic is a bit troublesome.
Spatial Creation Magic: Unopening Red Room!
Asta!
Spatial Creation Magic: Crevice Men!
Who the heck are these creepy guys?
And what's this creepy room?
This is a room that Galleo created with magic,
and those things are magic soldiers that he can only create in here.
They're strong. But more importantly, what were you doing?
Why would you throw yourself in front of a spell without knowing the consequences?
If that had been an attack spell, you might be dead right now.
Are you stupid?
Stupid?
Oh, shut up!
If it means just letting someone die, I'd rather be stupid!
Not to mention, I'm not the same person anymore!
Now I'm Asta, a member of the Magic Knights squad, the Black Bulls!
B-But I'm your enemy!
I don't care!
When there's someone in need, I can help them out as much as I want, whenever I want!
So take that!
Now that you get that, let me save you while you support me!
I can't be as big-hearted as him,
but I can't just sit back and watch when my student's in trouble.
Let's work together and get through this!
Get through this... Can we, though?
This is nothing!
Th-These two...
Magic Knights HQ?
Hey, this is Yami from the Black Bulls.
I captured a bunch of troublemakers. Could you hurry and come get them?
That guy had this many people after him?
Who the hell is that Fanzell guy?
Fanzell? Wasn't his name Zell?
Uh, Grey said that his real name is Fanzell.
Oh!
He's Fanzell Kruger.
He was one of the commanders of the Diamond Kingdom's armies.
I met him a long time ago during a battle.
Captain...
I'd heard he became an instructor for other soldiers, but he must've defected.
So that's why all these guys were after him.
You're making this sound like it's not our problem...
Wait, does that mean we ended up aiding a major enemy's escape?
That'd be correct.
Hey, Gauche...
Yes, sir?
Don't mention this to anyone.
I won't tell a soul, so please give me a week of Marie vacation.
You're only allowed to see her once a month, aren't you?
I'll spend 168 hours of the week staring at Marie in such a way that I won't get caught!
Oh, for crying out loud...
And so, the mysterious incident in which the Black Bulls' base got attacked
came to an end.
Are you sure it's all right for us to leave?
I have a feeling we'd be causing you trouble if we just disappeared.
Captain Yami didn't seem to care about that, so it's fine.
Right, Finral?
Y-Y-Yeah, sure...
I'm pretty sure it's not fine!
I have a really bad feeling about this.
And are you guys sure you want to take that brat
with the terrible personality with you?
I didn't choose to have this terrible personality.
I heard that they were going to try to kidnap me, but she put a stop to that.
And if you think about it,
she's the reason I was able to be reunited with Zell.
I'm not sure if you're just too nice, or...
Honestly, you're all pushovers.
That's why I can trick you all so easily.
Besides, I didn't ask you to do all of this.
Even if I don't have help from you pushovers...
You can survive on your own?
Just like you have been?
It's actually a lot easier to carry all the burden yourself, isn't it?
You can just tell yourself that as long as you can get through it, you'll be fine.
And you don't have to think about everyone around you,
so you don't have to think about anything else.
But that's not possible anymore.
When people care for you,
none of your problems are just your own anymore.
You have to think about them, too.
So I hope you suffer.
You seem to have a terrible personality yourself.
I don't want people to think I have a good personality, anyway.
Hmph!
Well, if we linger too long, the goodbyes will be
Stop getting all emotional!
Go on, old man!
Time flows differently for those who actually try
to get stuff done and those who don't, right?
So get going, and make Domina happy!
Yeah, I will.
I won't waste this precious time that's been given to me.
From now on, I'll do my best to live along with these two.
That's the spirit!
I'll write you a letter once everything settles down.
Sure! Take care!
So, uh... I hate to ask at a time like this...
But you know how I lost all my belongings to the assassins
right before you guys hauled me off to your hideout?
Don't tell me...
Could you lend me some money?
I never should've saved you!
This was how Fanzell, Domina, Mariella, and the Black Bulls met.
And currently, Noelle and Finral have come to visit Fanzell
in search of a way to heal Asta's arms.
Domina, Mariella, how have you be
You worthless husband! Would you fix your bad habit of getting naked already?!
Hey, stop! That's something I can't control!
This house is already pretty run-down. Could you not mess it up more?
I see... So something like that happened to Asta?
He's been through a lot for someone so young.
His streak of bad luck is quite the contrast to his height.
Do you have any ideas on how to fix Asta's arms? Even if it's just a rumor?
An ancient curse, huh?
There's one thing I can think of.
My home, the Witches' Forest.
The Witches' Forest?
With the magic of the queen there...
Hey!
The smartest witch to ever grace this world
since the creation of the land of witches is back!
I need something, so open up!
We might be able to fix Asta's arms!
All right! Let's infiltrate the Witches' Forest!
Ooh, so many pretty witchies!
I'm gonna infiltrate that girl's heart!
Black Clover, Page 57: Infiltration.
Page 57 Infiltration
I'm going to fill your heart with me!
