It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The sixth round of the first stage of the Royal Knights Selection Exam...
Steel Creation Magic: Full Metal Fortress!
Lightning Magic: Thunderbolt Destruction!
Wing Magic...
Angel Flapping!
Go, Luck!
This is so much fun!
More...
Let's play some more!
Luck shows an extraordinary amount of growth and teamwork,
giving K Team their victory.
In the eighth and final round of the first stage...
Time for Yuno and Noelle's team!
Solid...
A House of Silva battle between Noelle and Solid...
And a battle between Yuno, who is favored by Vangeance,
and Alecdora, who resents him over that fact. Two battles filled with bad blood.
I'm the one who will make Master Vangeance's dream come true!
Wind Magic: Towering Tornado!
I don't know anything about other people's dreams.
The only dreams I see are my own.
Sea Dragon's Roar!
The crystal has been destroyed! P Team wins!
I'm not weak anymore!
Peasant Trap
Impossible...
Im...possible...
My ultimate spell was so easily...
He didn't even use his spirit magic. He wasn't even serious.
I will be the one to make Master Vangeance's dreams come true.
Once you elites trip up,
you're so weak.
Yes! Great job winning, Yuno!
You too, weed.
Who are you calling a weed?!
Great job, Yuno!
Y-You were so cool!
Here's your usual after-battle dessert.
Replenishing my energy is important.
Thanks. I'll be sure to savor it.
Thanks! I'll be sure to savor it!
It's good.
La...
You okay, Miz Charmy?!
La...
What the heck?! Who do you think you are, you fivehead?!
I'll suffocate you by stuffing my scales into your nostrils!
Take that, and that, and that!
She'll be fine.
That was fantastic, Noelle.
I didn't know you were that amazing.
You're totally different when you're using your mushrooms.
But...
I heard Solid's remarks before the match.
A big brother should never say such things to his little sister.
Big brothers exist to protect the younger, weaker siblings born after them.
And yet you've only said hurtful things to her!
Get him, Noelle! Thrash your brother!
Well, you know... Thanks for earlier.
You did a great job.
Hey, what do you think you're doing?! I'm royalty, you know!
Let's do our best in the next match, too.
Thanks to my Mana Skin training, I have much better control over my mana.
I'm going to keep this up and be selected as one of the Royal Knights!
Wow, so many excellent matches.
I can't wait until the next one!
Entertain me more.
To think both of the peasants who humiliated me made it through the first stage...
Hurry up and lose already.
Why don't we jump right into stage two?
But before that...
I'm counting on you guys.
Yes, sir!
The stage is changing!
Holy crap!
It's easier to judge your abilities when
you're forced to fight in a variety of situations.
I'm back.
Now, then... For stage two, you'll be fighting upon this stage.
Xerx
Mimosa
Asta
Kirsch
Sol
Magna
The stage may have changed, but my beauty remains the same.
Yeah, yeah...
The same goes for the fate of you filth.
I'll make sure there's no trace of you left. I hope you're prepared.
Hey, I'm not that easy to get rid of!
Asta isn't filth!
You're the one who should be prepared, Brother!
Asta! No holding back, you got it?!
Wouldn't dream of it, Magna!
At least you're spirited, Funglasquent.
Stop calling me Funglasquent!
Welp, looks like we're facing off with royalty.
Let's do our best with teamwork again, guys!
You looked anxious when they shifted the stage around.
You probably have other traps set up, don't you?
This brat... That's right. He can read other people's ki or whatever.
You're right. You see...
I set up a bunch of traps around the stage yesterday.
I heard intel that the exam would be held here.
Intel? But the location of the Royal Knights Selection Exam must've been top secret.
Who in the world are you?
You set them up yesterday?
So you are cheating, you bastard!
What makes you think that, you dumb shit?
Gathering intel counts as an ability.
Was there a rule against setting traps up the day before?
Well? They haven't called me out on it, have they?
And he already got argued into silence.
This side of Asta is adorable, too.
Then tell us where the traps are, since we're on your team!
We can at least help you out!
Not happening.
If I tell you, our enemies will probably figure it out.
I can't... argue with that.
I'll handle this my own way.
Fine! Then I'll handle things my own way, too, ya jerk!
They seem to be arguing about something.
I wonder if they'll be okay.
They do say that the more you fight, the closer you are.
You should fight with me, too, someday. In a friendly way.
Hopefully you can think up something with that shitty little brain of yours.
My brain's so big that my skull can barely contain it!
Indeed! The only thing small about Asta is his height.
Yeah! Hey, wait!
And now...
B Team: Xerx, Mimosa, and Asta versus C Team: Kirsch, Sol, and Magna.
Round one of stage two... Begin!
Xerx Mimosa Asta
B Team
Magna Sol Kirsch
C Team
Mimosa... It seems she's lost sight of herself after
being exposed to such boorish mana for so long.
The poor dear.
I'll free you from those filthy wretches before you even have a chance to fight.
Magic Cherry Blossom Storm of Petals Plus My Beautiful Illusion.
Ah, it's in full bloom.
It's so pretty! Time for a flower-viewing party!
Here you go.
Now, repent your filthy selves within my beautiful spell!
Here he comes.
I talked big, but I can't think of a way to break through this spell.
It's better to sit tight for now.
We're better off waiting for them to set off the magic traps.
What an awesome spell. I can't see a thing.
I guess this is the only way.
Asta?
All right... Here it comes.
Oh? Looks like something amazing's about to happen.
Good... That's it. Go even deeper.
Asta?
More... More intense...
Wh-What is this? It's not magic...
It's so powerful, intense,
and...
ominous.
Here I go!
Black Hurricane!
The cherry blossoms... Wait, forget that! The traps I'd set up...
A-Asta...
This is from back then.
So this is it.
I knew he had been training ever since he went to the volcano,
but to think his power was this immense!
Way to go, Asta, my BFF!
The cherry blossoms are being erased!
Impossible... What is that horrific black mass?
That little shrimp... blew away all the magic in the area.
Th-That's amazing, Asta!
What the hell did you do, you little shit?
I think I just heard the real you for the first time.
Come on! Let's fight together!
You little shit.
Th-This isn't beautiful.
What is this?
What in the world is going on?
Asta's going to continue to get stronger.
And so will I!
Looks like Asta's learned another interesting power.
Here you go.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
You just erased all the traps I'd set up!
Yeah, I guess that's a bit of a problem.
So...
Think up a strategy for us!
One that'll let all three of us win!
Huh?!
You're tricky and clever, so I'm sure you can think of something!
From now on, think up some sneaky strategies fair and square!
The hell? That's a contradiction.
Thank goodness. Asta is acting the same as usual.
Just use that power of yours and defeat them yourself.
Why do I have to do this?
Too bad for you! Once I use that power, I can't use it again for a while!
Why do you sound so happy, you little shit?
Are you messed up in the head?
I want to fight as a team, ya jerk!
I don't care if you set up traps yesterday!
Just let Mimosa and me in on it!
We're fighting to be selected as the Royal Knights who'll
fight against the Eye of the Midnight Sun, aren't we?
No one can fight them alone! Not me or anyone else!
I want to work with all the powerful guys here and beat some other powerful people!
Zora,
the Magic Knights are amazing.
But no matter how amazing they are, even a Magic Knight can't fight alone.
They trust their companions and overcome deadly situations together!
Besides, one of the powerful guys we're up against now
is royalty and the vice captain of the Coral Peacocks!
We have to hit'em with all we've got!
Ow! What the heck was that for, ya jerk?!
I have no intention of getting chummy with a royal.
But for the sake of my goal...
I can't think of any way around it, so I'll use you, you little shit.
That's fine with me, as long as we fight together, you cool-masked jerk!
As you know, my magic attribute is ash.
My specialty is trap spells.
But that doesn't mean I can instantly
set up big traps like the one I used in the last match.
Setting big traps takes time and mana, and how much you put into them
determines their power.
Like I said, I pulled an all-nighter.
You were serious about that?!
And you went and thrashed them all like they were nothing.
Yeah... Sorry about that.
What was I supposed to do, though?
Let's see... There are three basic types I could set up right now.
Oh?
Number one: binding traps.
Whoever touches the magic circle gets tied up.
Number two: pitfall traps.
Just like it sounds. Dig a hole and drop someone into it.
Number three: landmine traps.
Make a simple attack spell activate on a certain spot.
They'll all disappear after one use,
and unless I take the time to pour lots of mana into them,
they won't be all that powerful.
So... What do we do?
U-Unbelievable...
My beautiful spell was defiled by that peasant's pitch-black thing.
I saw that coming.
He'd been practicing his techniques like crazy.
I knew he'd figure something out.
You're telling everyone not to underestimate peasants, aren't you, Asta?
I'm a peasant myself, but...
What?! You're also a peasant?
You got a problem with that, Mr. Royalty?
Eek! I'm going to be defiled!
I can't fight alongside a peasant!
Hey, what the... Wait a sec!
You damn narcissist! The hell is your problem?!
I can handle this on my own! I'll finish them off myself!
You two, protect the crystal!
Is that so?
Fine. I'll just do whatever the hell I want, too.
Jeez... Could men be any dumber?
Peasants are those with meager magic. That also means they're unclean.
They must not share the same stage as us royals, the fairest of them all!
Mimosa is heading toward our crystal.
I can sense that Xerx fellow's magic over here.
As for that filth, I sense absolutely no magic from him.
What kind of foul creature is he?
Where did he...
Hey, here comes Mimosa's big bro!
There you are, you filthy boy!
Cherry Blossom Magic: Dance of the Beautiful Cherry Blossom Blades!
Some got through those tiny little gaps!
Man, you really are strong!
Look at the unsightly way he's fleeing.
You won't get away!
Hey! Come get me!
It's faint, but I sense magic.
Is he trying to lure me into a trap?
I can see right through your unsightly ploy!
Cherry Blossom Magic: My Beautiful Clones!
The traps!
Did you actually think I'd fall for such crude traps?
And you went into a narrow place where you'll have trouble swinging your sword,
with no place to run. You couldn't be uglier.
Damn it! I thought this was a great plan, too!
Wither and fall, you peasant!
Wh-What is this?
I'm certain I erased all of the trap spells.
You moron!
You keep counting on your magic detection'cause it has higher specs than ours.
That's why you fell for our low-spec,
plain and simple trap that we got all sweaty digging up.
Some high and mighty royal.
They physically dug this up without using any magic?
How unsightly! I'll just fly right out of this primitive
I feel bad about doing this to Mimosa's big bro,
but I need you to pass out for a bit!
Stay back, filth!
Anti-magic?
Now we finally feel like a team.
I just used you, dummy.
Petit Clover!
The Life of a Narcissist
The Life of a Narcissist.
Please do stop crying, Master Kirsch.
Ever since he was born, he was only interested in his own beauty.
No, no, no. No one is more beautiful than I.
He couldn't be satisfied with the beauty of any of his wooers,
so he spent his whole life single.
Because of his warped personality, he was abandoned by those around him,
and spent his later years alone.
I-I'm thirsty... Oh? I'm so beautiful.
I'm still oh so beautiful.
And so, his life came to a tragic end.
Still, I'm so beautiful.
I really wish I could make you come to a tragic end.
Who cares about teammates?
I'm only using everyone to achieve my own goal.
Black Clover, Page 79: Mister Delinquent vs. Muscle Runt.
Page 79 Mister Delinquent vs. Muscle Runt
Sneakily setting up traps is my magic.
