It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
After the Star Festival, the king made a very important announcement.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun's hideout has been located.
We are going to launch an all-out attack on the enemy!
To that end,
I have decided to gather an even more select group from the Magic Knights
to form the ultimate hand-picked unit.
They will be called... the Royal Knights!
The
The Ro
The Royal
The Royal Kni
The Royal Knights
A test involving all of the Magic Knights
for a chance to join the Royal Knights was about to begin!
The Royal Knights Selection Test
Good grief. We finally return from our expedition, and now this.
Do anything else, and you'll be obstructing public duties.
As a Magic Knight, I'll have to dispose of you.
Do you have any idea who this is?
Vice Captain of the Purple Orcas Xerx Lugner
This is the Vice Captain of the Purple Orcas, Lord Xerx Lugner!
His power and virtue are what made the Purple Orcas who they are today!
He's the Saint of Pure Ice!
Why the hell would I know about this pompous jackass?
The Saint of Pure Ice? Where's this ice of yours, then?
He looks more like a zombie covered in mud to me.
What?!
Two-bit flunkies shouldn't be boasting about supposed glories.
Is your great master there such a piece of trash that he needs you
to make introductions for him?
Wha
Obstruction of public duties? Must be nice being such a bigshot.
You can say whatever the hell you want about things you don't like.
Go on. Give it a try.
Try to strike me down in the name of justice with this all-powerful magic of yours,
great vice captain of some band of thugs who likes to throw his weight around.
You swine!
How dare you insult the Magic Knights?
I shall make you regret your very existence with my magic!
Ice Magic: Ice Slicer!
The Saint of Pure Ice...
Really?
Yet you lost to someone like me? Your title as vice captain is obviously a joke.
That Magic Knight's robe is wasted on you.
Now, then... Let's see if there's anyone else around worth humiliating even more.
The Royal Knights Exam! I don't know what kind of exam it is, but I'm all fired up!
I can finally show everyone my true powers!
I beg your pardon, but even that level of power
is enough to disturb the people around you,
so could you consider calming down a bit?
M-My apologies.
The Golden Dawn 5th Class Intermediate Magic Knight Mimosa Vermillion
That's Mimosa Vermillion!
I hear she's an expert at healing and support,
but she's been learning attack spells lately, too.
So she's a jack of all trades? That's royalty for you!
Mimosa, don't start any trouble before the exam.
Pointing out the lower magic level of someone who's your elder...
I see you're as obliviously rude as ever.
And you're so serious, a worrywart, and a four-eyes, Klaus.
Four-eye
The Golden Dawn 3rd Class Intermediate Magic Knight Klaus Lunettes
That's Klaus Lunettes.
He's powered up a lot in the past few months, and his steel magic
is real tough to break through.
I heard he's also working out.
The Golden Dawn 5th Class Intermediate Magic Knight Yuno
That's... the number one rookie this year!
The Wind Spirit user Yuno!
Hey! We had a date today, Yuno!
I never agreed to that.
What?! Then promise you'll take me out on a date tomorrow! Right now!
No.
Ugh! Fine! The day after tomorrow works, too!
I don't know what'll happen that far into the future.
What's your problem?! Now I'm going to mess up your hair!
The Golden Dawn 2nd Class Intermediate Magic Knight Hamon Caseus
Well, aren't they a delight, Alecdora?
Right.
The Golden Dawn 4th Class Senior Magic Knight Alecdora Sandler
So many other top contenders that we all know!
There's a good chance a bunch of the Golden Dawn's members are going to pass this exam.
The Golden Dawn Vice Captain Langris Vaude
Everyone seems quite on edge, don't they?
They should all relax a little bit more.
You're far too relaxed.
Hey! Klaus, Mimosa!
Long time no see!
A-A-A... A-Ashta!
Have you been well, Asta?
I've been working out and getting stronger!
I won't lose to you!
Really? I'm getting fired up!
Asta! L-L-Let's give it our all!
Heck yeah! Hey, your face is a little red.
You feelin' okay, Mimosa?
Y-Yes! I-I'm fine!
I'm nervous since I haven't seen him in so, so, so, so, so, so long!
I see you're as loud as ever.
Heya, Yuno! Weren't the hot springs great the other day?
Yeah.
H-Hot springs? What's this about hot springs, Yuno?
I lost to you in that race up the volcano,
but I won't lose to you today, Yuno!
Did you do some image training to prepare for when you fail today?
We wouldn't want you crying.
What?!
Y-Yuno, what's this about hot springs?
You seem to be having fun, Yuno.
You too, Asta.
What's this about hot springs?!
Asta! Yuno! Don't forget about me!
The Crimson Lion Kings 2nd Class Intermediate Magic Knight Leopold Vermillion
Leo!
I'm the one who's going to pass this exam!
It's me!
It's me.
No, it's me!
Seriously, what's this about hot springs?!
Wow, am I ever nervous.
I guess I just have to give it all I can.
Who the hell are you? You've got some nerve wearing a Black Bulls robe, jerk face.
Who gave you permission, huh?!
I dunno who you are, but wanna fight?
It's me, Finral!
I wanted to pump myself up, so I changed up my hairstyle!
You want to change your hairstyle? What brought this on?
Change of mood? Did you get dumped again?
No.
Oh, of course. If you changed your hairstyle every time you got dumped,
you wouldn't have any hair left.
So mean...
In all seriousness, I wanted to pump myself up.
You got it! I've got just the thing!
Whoa, wait! S-Stop!
So, yeah. I wanted a fresh start, so I came here with a new hairstyle.
Stop lyin'! Like that wuss would ever come here.
I'm not lying, and I have seniority here!
Wuss?! That's so mean!
Oh, come on, you two! Stop being so mean!
It's obviously Finral!
Asta!
But I think that's a bit over the top.
Yeah, it totally is!
The fact that you changed your hairstyle to pump yourself up is over the top!
Yeah, totally over the top.
The fact that you frosted your tips is way over the top.
Who cares if it's over the top?! I'm only human! by Finral.
Ugh, they're so noisy. How embarrassing.
Over the top! Over the top! Over the top!
The Silver Eagles 3rd Class Intermediate Magic Knight Solid Silva
Solid...
Really? You came to embarrass us again?
Give me a break.
When you lose so miserably, it tarnishes the Silva family name.
There's still time. Hurry up and leave.
Her magic was refined beyond belief,
and it had dignity.
Your magic is so crude and unsightly, it's hard to believe you're royalty.
And that's why you must surpass her.
I-I'm not leaving!
N-Now, if you'll excuse me...
That's right. I'm not afraid anymore.
I'm going to show my brothers and sister that I've grown!
You failure.
Thank you all for gathering here today.
28th Wizard King Julius Novachrono
Wizard King's Attendant Marx Francois
Now, let us begin the Royal Knights Selection Exam.
I shall explain the details of the exam.
The King of the Clover Kingdom Augustus Kira Clover XIII
I am royalty, and this is the Royal Knights Selection Exam, after all.
All of you, work harder to make me more popular with the people.
The exam will consist
of a team competition: a magic crystal destruction battle tournament!
Team competition?
Crystal?
What kind of rules does that have?
Huh? We aren't going head-to-head with each other?
Don't make the rules too complicated, okay?
The rules are simple!
Protect your own team's crystal, which will be placed in your area,
and destroy the other team's crystal. The first team to do this wins!
You're right! That is simple! Heck yeah!
If no team is able to destroy a crystal within the 30-minute time limit,
the one that has done the most damage to its target wins.
Er... We've chosen this format because...
Er... Um...
Let's see...
I believe it's...
Ahem.
In battles against the Eye of the Midnight Sun,
several squads will have to work together.
He took the best part!
We thought this would be the best way to measure
the cooperation and strategy skills you'll need at times like that,
rather than simply fighting with brute force.
Precisely!
Also, I bet I'll get to see lots of their non-combat spells this way, too.
Ah, I see.
Which means we'll have to team up with members of the other squads.
Now, let us announce the teams.
Let's see, I'm...
Mimosa Vermillion
Asta
Oh, hey! I'm on the same team as Mimosa!
I-I'm on the same team as Asta?!
I'm happy, I'm oh so happy,
but I need to concentrate! I need to concentrate on the exam!
But again, what's this about hot springs?!
Asta
Mimosa Vermillion
And...
Xerx Lugner
Xerx Lugner? Who the heck is that?
Oh, my bad! I'm a little late!
But I bet our great Wizard King will forgive me for being a tiny bit late.
Who's that guy?
I'm Xerx Lugner. It's a pleasure.
I'm Xerx Lugner. It's a pleasure.
Man, I just happened to run into a little old lady in distress.
I helped her out, since I'm a Magic Knight, so I ended up a little late.
My bad.
I see. Is the old lady all right?
Yup! She's doing great!
Who is that guy?
Step away, you cur.
Hey, come on, now. That's not very nice.
What's the big idea?
That would be my line.
Xerx Lugner? But that's
Wizard King?
What are you trying to pull, you bastard?
How dare you act like that after arriving late?
The Wizard King is one of the only guys Sis respects!
What do you think you're doing to the Wizard King?!
Now, now. Calm down, everyone.
Oh, right. I guess everyone respects the Wizard King.
But I don't.
Don't push your values on me, you worthless rabble.
That's definitely Xerx's robe.
Looks like he gave himself quite the makeover after that long expedition of his.
This is no laughing matter, sir!
Well, it looks like we're on the same team,
so let's get along.
Sure.
That stinks!
The stinkiest bug in all the Clover Kingdom, the rainbow stinkbug.
I'm being assaulted by the scent of the rainbow!
Are you actually trying to get along with me?!
Of course not.
Why would I bother getting along with an airhead with a moronic face,
who's a hyperactive dumbass, too?
You're just a noisy shrimp.
That's pretty smelly.
Why, you...
You jerk with a cool-looking thing wrapped around your face!
Why are you complimenting him?
Are you even trying at all?!
Looks like all you can do is try.
Didn't you come here to get chosen as a Royal Knight?!
Me?
I came here to make fun of you people.
Huh?!
Was Vice Captain Xerx always like that?
He's not at all like the rumors.
I heard he was the Saint of Pure Ice,
but he's been stationed in the borderlands, so only a few people actually know him.
Are you really okay with this?
Yup. It looks fun.
Pardon me!
I don't wanna be on the same team as this guy!
Now, now... We're all Magic Knights here, so let's all just get along.
Hey... Haven't you forgotten about me?
All right, everyone. Have you confirmed your teams?
C Team Sol Marron Magna Swing Kirsch Vermillion
Who the heck is this tiny delinquent?
You're just too big!
What'd you say?! Don't make me smack those lame glasses off your face!
What?! How about I bury you in the ground to make you a little shorter?!
My attribute is actually earth!
Just try and bury me!
Ugh! Men are so stupid!
P Team En Ringard Noelle Silva Yuno
So I'm with the noisy little girl who's always with Asta.
Well, aren't you cute?
But just so you know, Yuno belongs to me.
Don't you dare lay a finger on him.
I'm on the same team as the lofty guy who's Asta's childhood friend?
Hey, are you listening? Don't even think about getting in the way!
If you dare hold Yuno back, I'll make you regret it!
Ugh, shut up already!
K Team Puli Angel Luck Voltia Klaus Lunettes
H-How can this be?
I'm on the same team as the self-centered Luck, the Cheery Berserker?
Pleased to meet ya!
Let's work together and do our best!
Huh? Work together?
S-Sure.
We're gonna be great teammates!
E Team Finral Roulacase Leopold Vermillion Hamon Caseus
He's laughing.
And so is he...
I-Is this team going to be okay?
O Team Dimitri Blint Solid Silva Alecdora Sandler
I'm not a fan of yours, but you do have skill, so I guess I can live with it.
Don't go running off to act on your own.
All right, let's head over to the main stage.
Cob, I'm counting on you.
Magic Knight Who Accompanies the Wizard King Cob Poltapot
Yes, yes, yes, sir!
Whoa! Spatial magic!
Right this way! Have fun.
This is the stage for the crystal destruction tournament?!
It's huge!
The battlefield has a wide range of different areas.
Use them to display your powers to the fullest.
Got it!
And here's the tournament chart, which we determined by lottery in advance.
Battle wins and losses won't directly affect whether you pass or fail.
That said, the more you win, the more you'll be able to show your true skills.
Since you have the chance, I hope you all strive to win.
Sandler
Solid
Dimitri
En
Yuno
Noelle
I'm facing off with Solid's team right off the bat?
I'll happily finish you off myself, Noelle.
Leopold
Hamon
Finral
Bolha
Kyle
Gaston
Langris
Flagil
Sekke
Gareth
Simon
Medeo
If we win the first round, I'll be facing off with Langris.
Xerx
Mimosa
Asta
Kirsch
Sol
Magna
Sandler
Solid
Dimitri
En
Yuno
Noelle
So we'd take on Yuno's team in the finals, huh?
I'm going to win until then, no matter what!
No, I'm gonna win this whole thing!
All right, we're about to begin round one.
Whoa! And we're up first!
You may attack your opponents!
Though I'm sure this goes without saying, make sure you guys don't kill anyone!
Let me stand out some more!
We've got a high-level recovery mage on standby, so fight to your hearts' content!
Oh, hey! It's Owen! Clover Kingdom's super-famous sketchy doctor!
My arms are all better now! I'm sorry I worried you!
Yoohoo! The beautiful ladies of the Black Bulls came to cheer you on!
I'll do my best cheering!
Thank you so much, ladies.
But are you sure it was okay for all of you to come at once?
The captain gave us a heartfelt send-off.
Oh, really? That's our captain!
We're actually just about to start.
Oh? So Asta's team is the first round?
Well, that's definitely fitting for him.
Asta! You'd better show them who's boss!
I can't see, la!
At this rate, I'm going to miss my meal-saving prince's heroic deeds!
La?!
All right. Are both teams ready?
Yup.
I'm getting hyped!
Petit Clover!
What's This About Hot Springs!?
What's This About Hot Springs?!
Heya, Yuno! Weren't the hot springs great the other day?
Yeah.
H-Hot springs? What's this about hot springs, Yuno?
Soon.
What do you mean, soon? Is it a secret just between you two?
Your own private hot springs?
The water's great!
Yeah.
They bathe together...
Does it itch anywhere?
A bit below the back of my right ear.
This must be it!
It is.
They shampoo each other's hair!
So what did I write?
Tatoes.
Correct!
It's your turn next, Yuno.
Then they draw words on each other's backs!
Hot springs? Hot springs?
Is she okay? Looks like she got overheated just thinking about the hot springs.
She must love hot springs.
Hot springs...
Our battle is about to begin.
I, Mimosa Vermillion, will do my best not to get in anyone's way!
Black Clover, Page 74: Flower of Resolution.
Page 74 Flower of Resolution
I will make my flower bloom.
