It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
Vetto realized his true powers, and they were unbelievably immense.
Asta used the last of his strength and faced him.
Not giving up is my only weapon!
And I'm never going to give up until I fulfill my wish!
No matter what!
His teammates were moved by his words and actions!
You didn't give up, and that's why I'm here.
My juniors are working hard.
That means I have to act like a proper senior.
I swear that we won't let you die!
Let's go!
The power of the spatial magic and your aura are gushing all over the place!
What?
The thread changed his trajectory...
I'm going to defeat you...
with this weapon!
Despair vs. Hope
That was actually effective!
Now you've done it, human!
Thanks!
T-Talk about scary! If we were even a second too late, we would've been done for!
Good work, little boy! Keep it up!
No, wait! I didn't even do anything!
It's all thanks to you two!
Amazing... These two are this powerful?
As I thought, I cannot heal.
Did he sever the magic current that enables self-healing?
The one weapon here that has a chance of defeating me... that anti-magic sword.
If I only had to deal with that unskilled brat, there would be no issue,
but those two are supporting him and giving him mobility.
The spatial magic is troublesome, but the real nuisance
is that woman's thread magic!
Her magic runs through this whole space,
interfering whenever and wherever she wants.
It cannot attack or bind me personally,
I can barely see it, and it's too thin for me to detect its magic.
That means I won't be able to read that brat's moves!
How amusing.
To think that three people who are worthless alone
could fight me by banding together...
It makes me sick.
Don't think that you have hope just because you've banded together, humans!
He's coming!
Let's go!
Got it!
Finral!
Got it!
Not yet, damn it!
He did it!
No! That wound's too shallow!
We won't be able to defeat him just by scratching him like that!
This'll make things even more dangerous, but...
We need to let the kid get even closer!
I'm all for getting closer! Bring it on!
I'm not imagining it!
What the hell is this ridiculously huge and creepy magical power?
This is even more ridiculous than the ridiculous magical power I felt earlier!
We could say that it's now super ridiculous!
Shut up! Stop saying stupid crap!
P-Please don't look at me!
More importantly, have your powers recovered at all?
U-Um, not at all yet.
I used all my powers against that steel ball lardbutt.
I can't shoot even a single Reflect Ray now.
At this point...
Hey, domehead! You're going to have to go ahead, and...
Munchy, munchy, munchy...
Are you seriously still eating at a time like this?
My spell from earlier to summon the Sleeping Sheep
One Hit
eats up my magic, so I'm left starving.
Two Hit
Mega Hit
We can't fight on such empty stomachs!
We all need to eat and recover as much magic as possible!
Well, I guess you have a point.
We should also eat and recover some magic.
O-Okay!
Take that!
The Magic Knights haven't lost yet!
You can do it!
They're up against a crazy monster, but they still might have a chance!
That's it! Keep it up!
Offense is the best defense!
Don't give him time to counterattack!
How dare you leave my son and grandchildren in so much pain?!
Please get revenge! Beat him to a pulp!
Not bad...
Those guys never work together, but now, by working together,
they've surpassed their limits.
However...
It happened again. He held his ground against their attack.
Could that bastard be...
I can't let my guard down even for a second.
How long am I supposed to keep up with this tense situation?
Barely missed!
Get a grip! This is no time for whining!
Asta is holding his own against that monster!
Compared to that, this pressure's nothing!
Finral! Do you still have some magic left?
I-It's going down at an enormous rate, but I'm still managing!
I mean, I spent all this time running away and not fighting,
so it works out in the end.
So it doesn't mean that our movements have gotten any slower...
Huh?
This isn't good.
His timing is starting to match our attacks!
I guess it's about time...
Asta!
This is nothing.
One of his attacks just happened to graze me!
Let's do it again!
Hold it, kid!
Captain Yami?!
You should be the first one to know that
he didn't just happen to graze you, since you're the one fighting him up close.
That bastard was purposely not attacking as much
and defending instead to better understand all of your habits.
Wh-What?
If you barge in unprepared...
He's definitely going to get you next time.
If you barge in unprepared...
He's definitely going to get you next time.
N-No...
As expected from the Black Swordsman.
That's why I'm saving you for my main dish.
But what difference does knowing that fact make?
This situation is still filled with despair.
Insects, this next attack will be your last!
You don't get to decide that, you hairy gorilla!
You, too, Captain! We won't know until we try!
I know, damn it! Because I'm a bazillion times stronger than you!
Then stop watching and come help us!
Really? You're going to say that?
The thing that's bugging me the most?!
When I'm barely able to keep my blood from boiling in this dumbass situation...
Hey, kid! You need to calm down, too.
I didn't say you couldn't attack him.
I'm just saying you can't keep doing the same thing. He's going to kill you...
Unless you guys change!
Finral!
Vanessa!
Kid!
Yes, sir!
You know exactly what to do
in situations like this!
Right here, right now...
We're going to surpass our limits even more!
We're surpassing our limits and speeding things up!
Got it!
Asta!
A draw?
Not yet!
Let's keep on surpassing our limits!
Got it!
Of course!
Take that!
Little boy... when I see you fighting with your little body and no magic,
it gives me a courage that's frankly unlike me.
I had forgotten. I didn't want to remember...
how weak I was back in the Forest of Witches.
Hey, did you know that beyond this forest is a huge city,
and a lot of people who live there aren't even witches?
Vanessa, you've told me that hundreds of times.
All the other witches are out playing, aren't they? Getting boyfriends and stuff.
Why don't you also escape from this cage and go out?
What? I-I could never do that!
I can't defy the Queen of Witches.
C-Come on, cheer up.
Do you want me to talk to the Queen of Witches for you?
That's impossible! You're all dolls I created with my magic.
If I can't do it, there's no way you could do it.
You're right. Besides, this whole conversation is just you talking to yourself.
Hopefully you'll be able to make some real friends someday.
That's impossible... How could I?
I'm always going to be stuck here.
I'll never be free.
That was my fate.
I thought I didn't have a choice.
But...
One day I realized that this wasn't fate. I just lacked courage.
I wasn't wrong for choosing to leave the Forest of Witches and become a Black Bull.
Only you have the power to move the threads of fate!
Little boy, I'll pull! Just trust me and go!
I'm counting on you, ma'am!
Curse you insects!
Come on, you two! You're going way too fast!
I swear... this is the problem with hot-blooded people!
I've always been the guy with no motivation!
Finral...
What is that fragile and stunted spatial magic?
We of the House of Vaude are a family of attack spatial magic users that
have been Magic Knights for generations.
You can't fight with magic like that.
But I don't want to be violent or have people be violent toward me.
You weakling!
Goodness! Look at how much you managed to shave off!
You're so amazing, Langris! A genius!
We'll just have someone rebuild what he destroyed.
You don't have to worry about a thing, Langris.
Honestly... Aren't you ashamed to be outdone by your younger brother?
To think that the difference in your abilities was this great.
Langris is now the vice captain of the Golden Dawn.
And yet you're...
We're appointing Langris as the next head of the House of Vaude.
I doubt you have any objections.
Of course I don't. I was just thinking that'd be too much for me to handle myself.
Langris, take care of our family for me.
I don't take orders from you, Finral.
You bring shame upon the Vaude family!
You've got a point... but I'm pretty popular with the ladies.
I ran away from my parents, my brother, my home, and reality.
Hey there, cuties!
Let's go have some tea. There's a fancy cafe just around the corner.
You girls are so cute,
you're going to make me say things even sweeter than those sweets there.
In the midst of that, Asta, I met you, a kid with absolutely no magic.
It's not that you didn't have enough...
You had nothing, but you faced yourself, kept fighting, and never gave up.
It's true that how I am now, I'll never beat my brother.
But...
Say, Yami.
Why did you let me join your squad? I can barely even fight.
So you can take me everywhere.
Huh?
Oh, right... It's not like I can defeat any enemies with my magic.
You've probably got your own way of fighting, right?
Huh?
I'm saying that battling doesn't just mean defeating enemies.
My own way of fighting...
I'm not going to become the strongest.
But I'll make the Black Bulls the strongest squad!
I had abandoned my own fight.
When I did, there were words I couldn't say anymore.
But now, I can say them!
Asta! Believe in me!
Trust me and jump in!
Sorry, but I already believe in you 100 percent!
Not bad for insects!
But you must be nearing your limits.
If even one of you makes the smallest mistake, you'll die instantly!
How long can you hold up under such extreme conditions?
Shut up, beast guy! Until we beat you, of course!
Asta just told me that he believes in me 100 percent.
I knew that! Otherwise, he could never fight using this ridiculous method!
Honestly, how can you trust a drunk woman
and a superficial wimp with your life?
If you believe in us so earnestly...
I see. That's some magnificent concentration.
But how about your magic powers?
They'll probably reach their limits soon.
The amount of magic we have...
That's the difference between myself and you insects!
H-He sure knows how to hit where it hurts.
My spatial holes are becoming smaller.
My threads are screaming.
I'm almost out of magic, and the threads are about to break.
So what?!
I'm going to believe in them both and win!
It's not just them.
Guess we got here in time.
Gauche! Charmy!
And...
Grey. It sounds like some terrible joke, but apparently, this is her true form.
What?!
P-Please don't look at me!
We can talk later.
Take this! This is all the magic I have right now!
Mirror Magic: Reflect Refrain!
What's the matter, insects?
You think you'll actually hit me just by attacking more?
Nah, I accomplished what I wanted.
Domehead!
Sleeping Sheep's...
One Hit!
One Hit
Two Hit!
Two Hit
Mega Hit!
Mega Hit!!
You're trying to make some kind of smokescreen?
Annoying little brats!
What?
Wh-What's going on?
I-It's my transformation magic!
I don't have much magic left, so some may not look exactly like him...
Bring it on!
Domehead! Keep hitting until you run out of magic!
Lai-lai, sir!
You pesky insects! Despair already!
Despair?
We don't have time for that!
Petit Clover!
Trinity
Trinity.
Listen carefully. I'm going to use my thread to change your direction!
Then, I'll use my spatial magic to move you somewhere else!
But if we miss even once, you'll be finished!
Are you ready?
Yeah! All we can do is charge!
Here we go, Gordon!
Green light!
I believe in you two!
We can never betray that trust!
Green light... Red light.
What?!
I can't tell when Gordon's done saying, Green light, red light, at all.
I'm so sorry, Asta.
He's just too strong.
This is so much fun. You're it next, Asta.
I'll make sure I get to you.
Oh, no. I sense that my friends are in trouble.
I want to help you all. Please stay safe.
I hope my feelings reach you all.
Black Clover, Page 49: Beyond Limits.
Page 49 Beyond Limits
My magic is becoming friends with anyone.
