It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The Man Named Fanzell
Asta was gravely injured due to a curse placed on him by Vetto of the Third Eye.
The other members of the Black Bulls headed out to find a cure for his arms.
Noelle and Finral also visited a certain man to gain some clues.
I'm coming in!
Oh, hey. I just got out of the bath
The man that Noelle and Finral came to see is named Fanzell Kruger.
Who is this man, and what's his relationship with Asta?
To find out, we must look back in time to five months ago.
5 Months Ago
A Village Out in the Boonies, Hage
This story takes place just shortly before Asta and Yuno
departed for the royal capital to take the Magic Knights Entrance Exam
after receiving their grimoires.
Asta was camping out in a forest near Hage, training with his sword.
Wh-Whoa...
Is this what I'm supposed to do? I have no idea.
I never learned how to use a sword.
I have no idea how to stand or hold it. Am I practicing right?
O-Out of the way, boy! Look out!
Don't come this way!
Jump to the side!
Whoa...
Amazing. You managed to get rid of it with a single blow.
I was trying to fish in the river,
but apparently I was in that boar's territory.
I-I see...
Fanzell Kruger
I'm Fanzell. I'm on a journey.
Fanzell...
You can call me Zell.
Oh, I'm Asta, from Hage Village!
Nice to meet you, Asta.
By the way, is that yours?
Yeah, why?
Man...
You're a lifesaver!
I haven't had a bite in two days.
I couldn't catch any fish, either.
Right...
It's so dry. It's like all the moisture is being sucked out of my mouth.
More importantly, why are you naked?
I didn't want to get my clothes wet while I was fishing.
So, what are these?
You're eating them without knowing what they are?!
They're Hage Village's famous tatoes!
Tatoes, eh?
You okay?
Jeez, here.
Thanks...
Wait, what is this? It's really bitter.
It's moguro leaf juice. It's supposed to increase your magical power!
I feel much better.
I'd like to thank you. Why don't you come over to my house?
Your house?
Well, I'm just staying there without permission, really.
I had no idea a place like this existed in the woods.
I just happened to find an empty house.
Oh, one sec. I'll go put some clothes on.
Ah, a sword that negates magic? I've never seen anything like that before.
I'm gonna try to pass the Magic Knights Entrance Exam with this sword!
That's why I'm camping out in these woods to train!
I see.
What are you doing here, old guy?
Old guy? I'm only 28, you know...
What?! You're 28?!
You sure didn't age well!
Well, that aside...
I'm waiting for someone.
This deep in the mountains?
A lot's happened.
Huh...
By the way, Asta, you're camping out, right?
Why don't you stay here while you're training?
Really? That'd help me out a lot, but...
You're not planning to steal my tatoes, are you?
You should treasure your encounters and connections with others.
They might go away one day, but they're all experiences that build up in your heart.
Not a chance... He's obviously suspicious.
Find out more about him.
Okay, I'll take you up on your offer, Zell!
Great. Now, let's decide who gets to chop up the firewood.
What?!
Take that!
Wh-Wh-Whoa!
This isn't working.
It's probably because you're not carrying enough weight on your knees.
After you initially swing your sword, you try to attack again,
but it's not working well, right?
So you lose your balance.
Y-Yeah...
Always make sure your toes are facing the same direction that your sword is pointing.
Also, keep your right foot about half a step in front of your left.
Give it a try.
I did it!
I knew I could! Yeah!
Y-Yeah... You learned that pretty quick.
Glad it worked.
All right!
You're amazing, old guy! You know how to use a sword?
Well, it's not exactly a sword, but... One sec.
Wind Creation Magic: Emperor of Slashing Winds.
Awesome!
As you can see, my magic takes the shape of a sword.
The Emperor of Slashing Winds, or Slash for short.
You're even awesome at naming things!
So I have some experience with swords, too.
Then please show me how to use a sword!
What?
Come on, just a little bit!
Please! Teach me!
Yeah, sure.
Huh?
Sure.
Y-You sure?
Yup.
Th-Thanks.
Yes! This is awesome!
All right! Woohoo!
Awesome! Heck yeah!
There's just one thing I'd like you to promise me.
Yay!
Asta, why do you want to become stronger?
To become the Wizard King!
I see. That's great.
Excellent.
You're not gonna laugh at me?
Why would I laugh?
Like... say that it's impossible, or whatever.
You'll never know if it's impossible if you don't try.
Promise me...
that you won't use what I show you
for anything other than making your dream come true.
Sure. What do I need to do?
Never wrongfully harm others or pick on the weak.
As long as you don't use it for anything bad like that, I'll teach you.
You don't even need to tell me not to do stuff like that.
Then it's a promise.
Yeah, I promise.
Okay, let's do our best together.
Yeah! I look forward to training with you!
A Few Days Later
You're following up too late with your left foot.
If you're going to attack consecutively, don't pause between each slash.
Got it!
Great job, Asta.
You're doing well with both attacking and defending.
Your movements are improving.
Since you're this strong, you should've been able to beat
that boar on your own no problem.
I didn't have my sword or grimoire with me at the time.
Besides, my swordsmanship isn't that impressive.
You're just more skilled than you realize.
I'm pretty sure you're just a good teacher, Zell.
I used to do something like teaching.
That explains it!
Though my students never took me seriously.
I've taught over a hundred students,
but you're so talented that you'd probably be in my top three.
Top three?
Actually, maybe top two.
Though the top one doesn't really use a sword like a sword, so that one wouldn't count...
But anyway, I think you'll do just fine, even if you join the Magic Knights.
You really think so?
Then let's get right back to training!
Hey, come on. We're still eating here.
A few more days passed, and then she arrived.
Sorry I'm late, Instructor Fanzell.
Who're you?
Mariella! Did you find anything out?
Mariella?
She's one of my students.
Mariella
She's been helping me look for my fiancee.
I see. Well, what are you waiting for?
Shouldn't you look for her yourself?
Actually... I can't do anything that'll bring too much attention to me.
I'm Asta from Hage Village! This old guy's teaching me how to use my sword.
Nice to meet ya!
I'll have you know he's no ordinary man.
I know he looks old, but he seems even older.
I don't know who you are, but he's not
Old...?
some random old guy that you can lightly address as old guy.
I'm only 28...
I told you! I'm Asta from Hage Village!
That's what he is, so why can't I call him that?
It's a matter of recognition.
There's a big difference in the amount of respect you would show him,
knowing just how ancient he is.
I didn't hear an ounce of respect in how you addressed him.
How the heck is old guy ever supposed to sound respectful?
Uh, could you stop?
He's just a random old guy! That's all!
Everything you're saying is pretty hurtful, considering I'm sitting right here.
No, you're saying it wrong.
More importantly, where's Dominante?
Where's Domina?
Actually, Miss Domina...
may have passed away.
Dude...
Fanzell explained to Asta what kind of situation he was in.
It turned out Fanzell and his fiancee Dominante belonged to the Diamond army.
The two of them couldn't bear the army's cruel ways any longer
and tried to escape,
but they were tracked down by some assassins and got separated.
Fanzell was supported by his former student, Mariella, who he let escape earlier,
and she was looking for Dominante.
If Fanzell made any rash movements, the assassins would learn of it,
so he had no choice but to hide in this house to keep
Dominante out of danger, just in case she was nearby.
That's a lot to take in...
This is Miss Domina's wand.
It was on the ground where you said the assassins attacked.
I also found quite a bit of blood there.
I see.
Sorry, could you leave me alone for a while?
Pardon me, Instructor...
Please listen to what I have to say.
Do you remember when you let me and the other students escape?
Yeah.
Is everyone doing well?
You actually smiled for a moment.
Well, you see, everyone else died.
What?
Assassins sent by the Diamond Kingdom...
killed them all.
What are you...
Sending the kingdom information
as well as eliminating any defectors is my job now.
If I didn't cooperate, I'd be killed, just like the others.
Oh, I won't kill you, though.
I was told to bring you back alive.
This place is completely surrounded, so you won't be able to escape.
A certain mage warrior has entered his final stages.
I'm sure they need your advice on
the final adjustments he'll need to function properly.
That's where you truly belong.
His name is Mars.
The boy's name is Mars. Stop talking about him like he's just some kind of weapon!
Oh, sure. That really doesn't matter to me.
You okay, old guy?
And what the hell, Mariella?
I thought you were grateful for all he did for you!
Of course I am.
It's true that I was able to survive because of the fighting techniques he taught me,
so I still respect him greatly.
That's why I warned you about your tone when you address him.
Then why the heck are you doing this?
Because if that's all I ever worried about, I'd never be able to do my job.
So could you please stay out of our way?
You don't want to die for some old man you don't know, do you?
I know him pretty damn well now!
No, Asta. Mariella's right.
You should run.
You promised me that you would use whatever I taught you for your dreams.
It'd be wrong to use that here for some old guy you don't know.
Hurry up and run!
I told you! I know you, old guy!
Don't worry. I can take care of these guys even if you're not around.
But you've been stabbed!
I promise you I'll get out of this.
You'd better keep that promise.
Don't you dare die before I see you next!
Got it!
Sorry, Asta. You need to run.
Domina...
Wha
Asta, it's okay.
It doesn't matter what happens to me...
I've lost the will to live.
There's no reason.
Just leave me alone. I'm tired of all this.
What the hell are you saying?!
Will to live? A reason to live?
Of course you're not supposed to automatically have that!
You're supposed to find those things for yourself!
If you understand, then get your ass up and join me!
Wind Creation Magic: Emperor of Slashing WindsWinter Wind.
Awesome!
That spells sends lots of Slashes flying out at once.
I call it the Flying One.
What an awesome name!
Sorry about that pathetic display.
I'm all right now.
Right!
Don't let your guard down.
My guard's not down at all!
He negated my spell?
What's wrong, old guy? You done already?
Only you can decide when you're truly done,
and you just taught me that now's not the time.
I'm not gonna let these guys finish me like this.
Let us retreat.
I'll hold the rear.
Please make sure to gather the injured.
You're backing off, just like that?
To make a surprise attack, you must have three times the enemy's strength.
If you lose half your men, change your strategy.
If you lose half of that, then retreat.
That's what a certain someone taught me.
This isn't the end.
I'll hunt you down for the rest of your life.
Bring it on. I'm done running.
From all of you, as well as myself.
I'm not going to be discouraged anymore.
Domina is alive somewhere, I'm sure of it!
I'm going to search everywhere for her, so you'd better keep up!
You hear that, Mariella?
I hope you're ready to have to deal with his old man stench forever!
Could you shut up for a bit? You're gonna make an old man cry.
Please do your best.
Also, your tone has improved. Don't forget that.
Are you really going to head out now?
Yeah, I'm gonna look for Domina until I find her.
And I'm going to try to make up for all the wrongs I did in the meantime.
I haven't decided exactly how yet,
but I need to at least spend the rest of my life trying.
So I won't die that easily.
Thanks to you, I've reevaluated my resolve.
I see.
Well, if we drag this out any longer, it'll just be harder to say goodbye.
See ya, kid.
Hey! Are you seriously leaving, just like that?
I am. Time flows differently for those who try
to actually get stuff done and those who don't.
I've gotta save time whenever I can.
Save time? Really?
You're also someone who gets stuff done, right?
Get going, Asta. You already have everything you need to get what you want done.
Jeez. Now you act like a proper mentor?
See ya, old guy!
You'd better become the Wizard King, kid.
Well... I guess I should get back to the village.
Asta! This is your final lesson! Defeat this boar!
Do it yourself!
Also, why are you naked again?!
I don't have time to explain!
Hey! Don't come this way!
Domina, where are you, my love?
I believe that you're alive.
Hey, miss! I'd like to ask you a question. Wait, don't run away!
Black Clover, Page 56: The Man Named Fanzell Continued.
Page 56 The Man Named Fanzell Continued
Don't let it bother you that I'm naked!
