It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
Thank you all for gathering here today.
Now, let us begin the Royal Knights Selection Exam.
The Royal Knights Selection Exam was about to be conducted in preparation
for fighting the Eye of the Midnight Sun.
Then a mysterious man suddenly appeared at the exam.
Xerx Lugner
Mimosa Vermillion
Oh, my bad! I'm a little late!
I'm Xerx Lugner. It's a pleasure.
Asta ended up on a team with this unknown man, Xerx, for the exam tournament.
And thus, the Royal Knights Selection Exam began amidst an ominous atmosphere.
All right, we're about to begin round one.
All right. Are both teams ready?
I'm getting hyped!
Flower of Resolution
Asta! Kick some ass!
Show them what the Black Bulls are made of!
P-Please do your best!
Hurry up and finish them off so you can fight me!
Don't try too hard!
Don't worry. I know you can win before I even have a chance to blink.
I wonder what kind of magic we'll see. I can't wait!
Thanks!
I'm so hyped!
B Team Mimosa Vermillion Asta Xerx Lugner
Let's do this!
What are you so excited about? This is an exam.
Take this seriously, you dumbass.
We should be scouting the area and thinking up strategies, you dumb shit.
How dare you say something so right?!
Everything I say is right, you shitty little shrimp.
Now, now, calm down, you two.
Asta's so cute, even when he's frustrated.
As Xerx mentioned, we should learn each other's abilities and figure out a strategy.
I'm sure the enemy team will be doing that, as well.
Yeah! You're right, Mimosa!
I specialize in healing and support plant magic.
Asta shines best in close-range combat with his magic-nullifying anti-magic.
What kind of magic do you use, Xerx?
Wh-What?!
The enemy team is attacking?
This early? Where did it come from?
First of all, we need to guard the crystal.
Again?!
It looks like a long-distance attack... And yet they're hitting it perfectly.
How are they...
Move three meters toward 10 o' clock.
A Team The Coral Peacocks 3rd Class Intermediate Magic Knight Rick Cornell
Got it.
With my Crystal Magic: Crystal Scope,
I can tell exactly where you're moving.
A Team The Crimson Lion Kings 4th Class Intermediate Magic Knight Forti Griss
How dare you insult the Wizard King, you cur?!
A Team The Silver Eagles 3rd Class Senior Magic Knight Curtis Wolne
We refuse to give you a chance to shine!
Flame Magic: Burst Javelin!
Rock Magic: Strong Bow!
Crap! This is gonna be over in an instant!
We need to work together and
Seriously, what's wrong with you?!
Hurgh!
Uh, is he asleep?
He's totally asleep.
He's asleep.
He sure is.
Yup.
Being seen sleeping by so many people...
I'm embarrassed just thinking about it!
Oh, dear. Looks like we have some sleepyheads.
Are you two not getting enough sleep? Or...
Is this your strategy?
Why the hell are you sleeping?! Wake up!
We're going to lose at this rate!
What happened to all those reasonable points you made?!
Don't you want to win?!
I don't really care if I lose.
You jerk!
I don't know how much you want to win, nor do I care.
Get off my back.
I was up all night. I'm tired.
And you can't work on no sleep, so sleep comes first right now.
That Xerx guy is asleep!
Maybe it's some kind of strategy.
No... My Crystal Scope can also determine someone's physical condition.
He's actually sleeping!
First, he's rude to the Wizard King, and now he's being this irresponsible?
Unforgivable.
No matter what he might have up his sleeve, they cannot win without moving!
Let us end this here and now!
Plant Creation Magic: Magic Flower Guidepost!
Two of our enemies are near their crystal.
The other is about 60 meters ahead of them, up in a tree.
The two in back are building up mana.
I think they're going to cast a combo spell!
But from so far away?
They're going to attack.
Got it!
That was a super fast attack,
but as long as I can get a rough idea of the direction and timing...
I can cut through it!
All right!
That was so fast that I wouldn't have been able to dodge it.
Well done, Asta!
Losing a team member is a handicap, but we won't be able to win at this rate.
Let's leave Mr. Useless behind and figure something out ourselves, Asta.
I'll pinpoint the enemy's position and hold them down while you protect the crystal.
Then the two of us can close in on their crystal and try to destroy it directly.
This is our only choice.
Mimosa thought of that so quick!
She must've survived all kinds of battles, too.
All right, let's do that!
This is our first joint operation together, isn't it?
Our first?
Y-Yes!
Here we go!
Incoming!
Hey, they're actually trying to charge in with just the two of them.
He's pretty good, though.
Isn't the other member of B Team asleep? Is he trying to lower his opponents' guard?
Depending on his abilities, I guess this could be a way of fighting, too.
Hey, is this actually interesting?
Going on a date with me would've been way more fun, Yuno.
Hey, why do you look so uninterested?
I'll just have to make you smile myself!
Take that!
Those two are doing surprisingly well out there.
N-Not that I care or anything!
Do your best out there, Mimosa and Asta.
What's with that guy?
He's blocking those combo spells so easily and charging at us with their crystal in tow.
They're heading right for our crystal.
Apparently one of them can detect positions, too.
They've almost reached midrange
I see them!
Two enemies and their crystal!
They're here!
Stay calm.
Our crystal is unharmed, but their crystal is already falling apart.
Plant Magic...
Rock Magic...
Magic Cannon Flower!
Rock Fortress!
Whoa, Mimosa!
When'd you learn such an awesome attack spell?!
Asta... The next time we meet, I'll be strong enough to fight alongside you!
I'll take the lead.
We'll rally here!
I'll take the lead.
We'll rally here!
You're so damn reliable, Mimosa!
We've only just begun!
Magic Cannon Flower!
Not bad!
She's not just cute. She's strong, too.
That gap is irresistible! I wish she'd come my way!
That's awesome!
I wanna fight her, too!
She's grown as a woman. Maybe it's because she's on the same team as Asta.
To think that she can fight so boldly in front of all those people!
Asta, you have such a good teammate.
Amazing!
Mimosa's amazing.
I'd been admiring your growth as I was working out,
but I had no idea you'd progressed so far!
I am honored to be your senior, Mimosa.
Mimosa's working hard.
That means I need to work even harder.
I can't lose.
Good job, Mimosa.
You smiled? You just smiled a little, didn't you?
Woohoo! I win!
I wasn't smiling. You just imagined it.
Ugh, you're so stubborn!
But... That's also one of the reasons I like you.
Hmph.
She looks like she'll mature even more in the future.
Asta! You can do it, la!
I'll give you nummies when you win!
There are two of them. Shall we move closer and surround them?
No. The little gray-haired boy has an anti-magic sword.
I've seen him use it before. It's invincible in close combat.
Anti-magic?
I've heard rumors about it, but to think a little boy like him...
It's probably dangerous to get too close.
In that case...
They split up?!
Which one has the crystal?
Magic Flower Guidepost!
This response...
It's the left!
Got it!
Anti-magic child!
Behold my ultimate spell!
What an intense concentration of magic!
A powerful attack spell is incoming!
I'll cut that, and then the crystal!
This is...
There are two similar responses.
The other two have powerful midrange attack spells!
This position... We're surrounded!
If any of those attacks hit the crystal, we're finished!
This isn't good!
If they attack simultaneously, even Asta won't be able to hold them both back!
Asta!
Asta!
Asta!
Asta!
That's...
One of them can use paralysis trap magic?
When did they...
It's impossible to tell what'll happen.
So this is the Royal Knights Selection Exam!
Now!
From three directions?
It's impossible to avoid all three attacks. This... might be the end.
What?!
Our spells!
They reflected our spells back at us?!
What was that magic?
What just happened?
Asta!
Looks like that went well.
What in the world just happened?
That's a senior Magic Knight for you.
I thought that would've destroyed their crystal, too.
But to think he managed to keep the crystal intact and stay conscious.
Good job, man.
Though it looks like you and the crystal are both on your last legs.
Now, then... I don't know what else might happen,
so I need to take the shortest possible route to destroy that crystal.
The crystal will never... fall to someone as insolent as you...
Says the person who just lost to me.
Talk about hopeless.
Looks like you're short on imagination when it comes to unknown magic.
Magic Knights are supposed to consider every possibility when fighting.
If people could win by getting
all fired up and launching huge spells, life would be easy.
Anyone who loses to me doesn't deserve to be a Magic Knight.
That magic is... Ash Magic?
That means the trap spell that Asta fell for was his?
This is game over.
You trash can try again some other time.
Damn it!
You know, never mind.
I'm not here to win.
Actually, I'm here for a completely different reason.
What do you mean?
Psych, you loser!
Crystal magic stoppage confirmed.
B Team wins!
What was with that guy's magic, anyway?
He powered up his opponents' spells and reflected them back to them?
I don't really get it, but that was amazing.
I guess that weirdo in the mask is the top candidate for the Royal Knights.
I'm glad that Asta and his team won, but I'm really annoyed for some reason, la!
And the best cure for that is to eat, la!
Hey, great work, you two.
That was some nice teamwork.
You did a great job as a decoy.
Did you see that guy's face?
For a second, he actually thought I wouldn't destroy it.
Thanks, Mimosa.
Asta...
You jackass! What the hell is with your attitude?!
How could you do that to a Magic Knight?
That team was amazing, too!
Amazing or not, they still lost.
It just means our teamwork was better than theirs.
Be glad, you shitty little shrimp.
Teamwork? You can't be serious!
That trap I triggered was your magic, wasn't it?!
What's the big idea, you jerk?!
Again, I had you fall for the trap so you could act as a decoy.
You know what they say... If you want to fool your enemies, fool your friends first.
The hell's that supposed to mean?!
Oh, yeah. There's a spell set on my collar, too.
My eyes! My eyes!
Asta!
My eyes! My eyes!
Man, you're hilarious.
This guy's magic...
He probably seals magic effects in objects or the terrain by drawing magic circles,
then uses certain conditions to activate them.
That trap activated after Asta triggered the earlier trap.
It responded to magic that entered the area within a certain time frame.
It's called... a counter-trap spell.
It sends magic back at double the speed and power,
so the stronger the spell, the more effective it is.
A huge trap spell like that must have taken an enormous amount of mana and time.
When did you even set it?
It's still in my eyes...
Weren't you sleeping the whole time?
It's a secret. It's always better when a guy's a bit mysterious.
Mysterious, my ass!
You crazy, cool-masked jerk!
That's a compliment, Asta!
Tell us everything, you jerk!
Man, you're loud, no matter who you're talking to.
We're on stage next, so clear the hell out.
Who died and made you the boss, Funglasquent?
Don't abbreviate Funny Glasses Delinquent!
What the hell kind of name is that, anyway?!
You're plenty loud yourself, Funglashorty!
Who are you calling Funny Glasses Shorty, you ridiculously giant woman?!
Magna! Giant Lady! And... where's the other one?
Honestly... All of you lack elegance.
Geh... Oh, no.
C Team The Coral Peacocks 1st Class Senior Magic Knight Kirsch Vermillion
You're not beautiful!
Do your best not to taint my beauty, for I am Kirsch Vermillion!
Who the hell's that sparkly guy?
Huh?
Did he say Vermillion?
He's my older brother.
Older brother?!
I wish he'd disappear.
I am beautiful. Oh, so beautiful!
He seems like a fun big brother.
I wish from the bottom of my heart that he'd disappear.
Petit Clover!
The Next Time We Meet
The Next Time We Meet.
Asta... The next time we meet, I'll be strong enough to fight alongside you!
Black... Clover... Black... Clover...
You can do it, Mimosa.
Black... Clover... Black... Clover...
You can do it, Mimosa!
Black... Clover... Black... Clover...
You can do it, Mimosa!
And so...
Asta, I've gotten stronger!
You can...
Mimosa, when did you learn to do an awesome serve like that?!
I did it!
Hello there. Aren't I beautiful?
The beauty that stands before you is I, Kirsch Vermillion.
I am Mimosa's beautiful brother.
Beautiful Black Clover, Beautiful Page 75: Fierce Battle.
Page 75 Fierce Battle
It's a sin to be so beautiful.
