It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
Xerx
Mimosa
Asta
Kirsch
Sol
Magna
It's the first round of stage two of the Royal Knights Selection Exam.
B Team was overwhelmed
by Kirsch's extraordinary magical powers as a royal, but...
Black Hurricane!
Asta used his black powers and instantly nullified Kirsch's magic.
At the same time, he nullified all the traps set by the mysterious mage,
setting the state of the match back to where it began.
I want to work with all the powerful guys here and beat some other powerful people!
I can't think of any way around it, so I'll use you.
The two worked together for the first time and were able to lure Kirsch into a trap
that was very appropriate for B Team, managing to strike him down.
Now we finally feel like a team.
Mister Delinquent vs. Muscle Brains
According to the signal from the Magic Flower Guidepost,
the enemy's crystal is inside Sol's golem.
If I mix the seeds of my magic-controlling weeds into an attack spell and plant them,
I'll be able to control Sol's golem for a little while, since its attribute is earth.
It'll take a while for the seeds to take root,
and I'll have to fight and plant the seeds without being noticed.
I wonder if I can manage all of that.
Plant Magic: Magic Cannon Flower!
Not bad! But...
Earth Magic: Clod Seal!
Hurting women isn't my style, so just take a little break there.
Asta! Xerx!
Let's see what Funglasquent can do.
Looks like you got a bit overconfident with your awesome magical powers,
you damn royal.
You actually fell for this primitive trap.
You're seriously a vice captain?
You should quit, you moron.
How disgusting can you be, you damn narcissistic dumbass?
Not so beautiful now, are ya?
Come on! The dude's out cold! Cut him some slack already!
I'm amazed you thought of making an actual pitfall.
Talk about sneaky!
I never thought I'd use my sword as a shovel.
I'm more amazed at the fact that you're somehow not worn out
from digging a hole in so little time.
You hyper, muscle-bound monster runt.
Well, I train, so...
Now, then... No matter how gross he is, he's got skills.
There's no telling what he'll do, so I'm gonna set a magic circle near the entrance.
So that's how you were setting them! That's so cool!
Now if anyone tries to save this bastard, they're gonna go kaboom.
And, just in case, we should bury him alive.
Hey!
That's going way too far!
My sword's in there, too!
That noise... It's coming from over there!
That voice...
Flame Reinforcement Magic: Risky Stolen Base!
Come on, come on, come on!
I found the crystal, damn it!
Magna, you're so fast!
I'm not getting close enough to let you fight, Asta.
At this distance, I'm guaranteed to win!
I'm gonna get some payback for your baptism!
Don't think I'm the same guy I was back then!
Bring it on, Magna!
Die!
Okay.
I can totally hit this!
It's mine, Magna!
Wha
Ya missed, you jackass!
My new spell, Annihilation Massacre Fireball, is able to disappear!
Ain't no way you're gonna hit it if I make it disappear right in front of you!
That spell's insane!
You're amazing, Magna!
That's so interesting!
He's far more talented than he looks.
He's amazing at barbecues, too.
Even if I try to get closer to him,
he's just gonna use that super-speedy spell to run away,
and that'll leave the crystal wide open!
I'm gonna have to go black in order to get close to him instantly.
But I still need more time.
Oh, crap! Mimosa! Come back!
Hey, you little shit.
Hang on for another ten... no, five minutes.
Yeah! You got it!
Hold it, you stupid brat!
Did you see that, Mimosa?
Even the tiny ones are criminals.
The peasants' hearts are as shallow as their wealth.
They are vile inside and out.
Those who are vile when they're young will be forever vile, even when they're older.
Hey, you okay? Wake up. Hey!
I said wake up!
You finally awake, narcissist?
What do you think you're doing to my beautiful face?
You were plenty ugly before I slugged you.
How dare you mock my beauty?!
You aren't beautiful at all.
Huh?
The truly beautiful are people like my sis.
Four Years Ago
The Greatest City in the Common Realm Hecairo
We're counting on you to look after the city while we're gone.
Sol Marron
Leave it to me!
I'll protect this town, so you guys can go to work without worrying, Dad.
I see Sol's as lively as ever.
I'm pretty sure our town has some promising, brave young lads, as well.
Yeah! We're here, too.
We'll protect the town while you guys are gone.
You can just go help out your mom, Sol.
Huh? Who're the ones who were crying and running around
while some giant stray dog chased after them the other day?
I'm way, way stronger than all you guys!
Still...
You may be strong, but you're still a girl.
We guys need to protect you.
Wh-What?! I don't need your protection!
But I'm a bit worried.
They say there are some bandits targeting towns
that are far away from the royal capital.
I heard they even attacked a town on the outskirts to the east.
Don't worry.
Apparently, the bandits are almost completely gone because of the Magic Knights.
Contact the Magic Knights if anything happens.
They should get here immediately.
Take everything that looks like it's worth something!
Take any women that look like they'll sell for a high price!
Hurry it up! We need to get the hell outta here before the Magic Knights show up!
Everyone, run to the church!
What are you talking about? You're coming, too!
I'll be fine! Just go!
Those cowards...
Hey there, little girl. It's dangerous over here.
Well, aren't you a pretty little thing? I'm sure you're going to get even prettier.
Let's take her. Come on, now.
If you don't resist, we'll be nice.
Get out of my town!
Well, she's a rowdy little one.
Then I guess we'll just have to use some force.
Looks like we had a little mouse hiding.
What's the matter? Not gonna run away, kid?
You wanna save her? Or are you too scared to even move?
Well, if you want to save her, come on over.
I mean, I'm just going to kill you, but...
We guys need to protect you.
I-I'm sorry!
Aw, he ran away.
Too bad, little girlie.
Forget about that worthless kid.
I'll teach you everything you need to know about being an adult.
Captain Charlotte went to protect such a poor little town?
The Wizard King said it, too! We need to get over our differences and fight!
That's right. Sis gave me the hope I needed to keep living.
Can you stand?
Were you scared?
I wasn't scared.
I had every intention of fighting and winning.
I wanted to protect everyone... to protect this town.
It's just...
I didn't stand a chance.
I'm so angry... at how weak I am.
I can't believe I trusted my friends.
I'm so pathetic.
How can I be strong like you?
How...
can I be beautiful like you?
You are already beautiful enough.
Now you just need to train your body and your magic.
You can become stronger.
I'm sure of it.
Become stronger, and join the Magic Knights.
The Magic Knights? Me?
I'll be waiting for you with the Blue Rose Knights.
Thank goodness you're safe.
You
I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
What are you apologizing for?
I wasn't counting on you guys to begin with!
I guess you guys saw my pathetic side, too.
I was gonna take care of them with a single blow, but I totally let my guard down.
Next time, I'll definitely protect you guys and this town,
so don't you worry!
Sol...
I've made up my mind.
I'm gonna get even stronger and join the Magic Knights!
And...
I didn't get her name.
Oh, well.
Please wait for me... Sis!
Don't you have a reason to fight beyond your own selfishness?
I missed again!
It's too fast for me to pick up its ki, and they're small enough that I keep missing!
I don't have anything like Asta's anti-magic sword
or a crap ton of magic power to let loose like some noble or royal.
That's exactly why I came up with this surefire technical spell!
They might be small, but this is how I'm gonna fight, dumbass!
What the?!
Yes! I finally hit one!
Bring it on, Magna!
You got it, you little shit! Die!
Asta's not half bad after all, that damn punk!
You're hardly letting any of them through now!
He's still getting one out of every five through.
At this rate, the crystal's not gonna hold up.
You're so awesome, Magna!
Magna and Asta are relentless. They're not letting up!
Neither one of them knows how to hold back. I love it!
They look like they're having so much fun!
Man, I'm so jealous! I wanna play, too!
Asta, you really are incredible, you bastard!
Thanks for... Thanks for making me and the others stronger, you piece of shit!
But Asta, the ones who'll be fighting in the finals aren't you and that Yuno kid.
It'll be me and Luck!
What do you think you're doing without me?
What the?! He's back!
And it's ready.
Wounding my beautiful face is punishable by death!
Crap! I'm not gonna be able to take both of them on!
Our crystal's gonna crack any second now!
What should I do?
Attack the cherry blossom guy, you little shit!
I don't know where your spells are gonna pop up...
So I put up a magic circle on the crystal itself.
My original spell is gonna knock your phony imitation spell right back at ya!
It can even mimic the effects?!
My spell... is wicked awesome.
Erasing magic, the beauty of this world itself...
Anti-magic. What a vile and atrocious power!
I will not underestimate you again!
Peasant brat, I will blow both you and the crystal away from up here!
Crap! If he goes up any higher, I won't be able to block
all the cherry blossoms, even if I throw my sword up!
He's gonna break the crystal!
I don't care if it's a disgrace! This is my full power!
Wha
This is trap magic!
You shouldn't let your magic detection slide like that.
I can set my trap spells mid-air, too.
I'll take care of this in an instant!
And that instant's all I need!
Yikes... Twice in one match.
You can't call that anything but humiliating.
I'll make sure your sacrifice won't be in vain!
Wha
Crap! The crystal!
Hey, what gives?! Move already!
I made it... in time.
Great job, Mimosa!
Hey! Come on, listen to me!
Hey, you idiot! Stop!
It's mine!
The crystal has been destroyed.
B Team wins!
That was so much fun!
Both Magna and Asta were awesome!
You both did great!
We need to celebrate when we all get back.
You're not afraid to go all-out because you're true friends.
All of you are true friends.
We did it, Cool Masked Dude!
See? I knew you could handle teamwork, ya jerk!
Hey, come on! Hey, what the hell?
How long are you gonna leave me hangin'?
So it ended up just like he wanted.
Hey, come on! High five me!
Come on, come on, come on, come on!
This would've ended much quicker if you hadn't busted all my traps.
Come on, man!
What?! High five me, damn it!
Come on! Don't leave me hangin'!
All right. Listen up, losers.
Hey, giant girl in blue.
You're too sloppy, dumbass.
If you'd been more sensitive to subtleties in magic, you might not have lost.
The explosive delinquent over there latches on too hard when he gets all fired up.
I don't know if it's peasant grit or what,
but you need to know when to pull back, you moron.
And Mr. Royal Narcissist over here...
You're too damn proud all the time.
You fell apart as soon as something you'd denied struck back.
You're the ugliest one here.
Come on, that's going too far, you jerk! Be a little nicer!
Brother...
Mimosa...
It's true that sometimes poverty makes peasants hard-hearted.
But their true beauty is something that can't be taken away.
Don't look at me, Mimosa.
Dun look at dis unsighdly brudder of yours...
That was indeed a very unsightly loss.
But you acknowledged a peasant's strength and kept fighting, even as you got dirty.
So right now, you're more beautiful than I've ever seen you before.
I didn't want to admit it, but...
That was...
beautiful.
A royal losing to a peasant? How unbelievably pathetic!
Next, please prepare for the second round of stage two!
I'm up next!
I'm not gonna lose either,
Langris!
Petit Clover!
Choosing a Lover for Sis
Choosing a Lover for Sis.
What? Who would I pick as a lover for Sis out of these guys?
This guy's way shorter than Sis, so that's not happening.
Delinquents are lame.
There's no way I'm gonna let a gaudy guy like that near Sis.
Narcissists are gross.
Guys who don't talk much are boring.
Weak guys are a definite no.
The Wizard King is one of the few I could almost accept, but he loves everyone.
I need someone who will only love Sis and Sis alone.
So that means I need a guy who's taller than Sis,
not a delinquent, not gaudy or a narcissist,
who can have fun conversations with Sis,
is strong, and will probably love Sis and Sis alone...
That means...
There's no one other than me, Sis!
Finral's next opponent is his own younger brother, Langris.
Be confident in yourself, and fight!
Black Clover, Page 80: Special Little Brother vs. Failed Big Brother.
Page 80 Special Little Brother vs. Failed Big Brother
Finral, you're not a loser.
