It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
In order to heal Asta's arms,
which were rendered useless after the battle with Vetto,
Noelle and Finral went to visit certain exiles...
I'm coming in!
Oh, hey. I just got out of the bath
You worthless husband! Would you fix your bad habit of getting naked already?!
Former Diamond Kingdom Military Commander Fanzell Kruger
A former Diamond Kingdom military commander, Fanzell Kruger,
Brilliant Magic Item Artisan Dominante Code
his fiancee and brilliant magic item artisan, Dominante Code,
Former Assassin Mariella
and the former assassin, Mariella.
Do you have any ideas on how to fix Asta's arms? Even if it's just a rumor?
An ancient curse, huh?
There's one thing I can think of.
My home, the Witches' Forest.
The Witches' Forest?
With the magic of the queen there...
Meanwhile, at the Witches' Forest...
Hey!
The smartest witch to ever grace this world
since the creation of the land of witches is back!
I need something, so open up!
Infiltration
Domina, what's the Witches' Forest?
It's an autonomous region that lies east
of the Clover Kingdom, near the border of the Diamond Kingdom.
Clover Kingdom
Diamond Kingdom
Witches' Forest
All of the inhabitants are women,
and they're essentially witches who are skilled in
special magic such as curses and familiars.
All women?! What is this magical place?
Don't forget, we're talking about witches here.
I've known of men who got too close
and got turned into stink bugs or softshell turtles, then dropped into toilets.
What?
Wait... Speaking of witches...
Oh, right.
Could it be that Vanessa suddenly disappeared
to try and get their queen to fix Asta's arms?
There's a rule stating that witches can only live in the Witches' Forest.
Which means that witches like Vanessa and myself who left our home are fugitives.
Fugitives?
She'd need great resolve to even consider going back.
But...
I fell head over heels in love with my soulmate Zell, so what can I do?
Yup. We both dove head-first into the bottomless swamp called love.
My sweet Zell...
My sweet Domina...
Darling!
You guys are so in love... I'm so jealous!
So I believed in you and followed you,
so how long are you gonna make me live in this hovel, you worthless husband?!
She's continuously aiming at his vital points.
Maybe she should've been the assassin here.
Y-Yikes...
Maybe I'm not so jealous after all.
Why don't we get back on track?
Yeah, that would be great.
Yeah.
If Vanessa went back into that forest... I'm worried.
I don't know all the details, but apparently Vanessa was very important to the queen.
If the rumors are true and she returns,
she'll never be able to leave the forest again.
To be blunt, the queen is supreme.
She's so powerful that even the Diamond Kingdom won't try to deal with her.
Not to mention that it's impossible to reason with her.
Let me warn you, if you're also planning to go to the Witches' Forest...
If you anger the queen,
you won't be able to come back alive.
We're going.
If there's a clue to healing Asta's arms there...
Yeah.
Please... Tell us how to get there.
I'll go, too.
B-But...
Don't worry.
I won't let anyone lay a finger on my beloved.
Asta helped me out a lot and showed me the way I needed to go.
I owe him bigtime.
It doesn't feel great to let that debt keep growing, either.
Let us repay it.
Yeah.
Besides, I can't leave my last student hanging like this.
For now, I'm just gonna strengthen my lower body a heck of a lot!
Not yet! I'm not done yet, damn it!
My goal is to look like this!
Ow!
I got a cramp!
What?!
Heya, Asta.
O-Old Man Zell?!
Wait, what the heck is going on?!
We can talk about this later.
If we tell him why we're here...
I can't let all of you go to such a dangerous place for my sake!
Come on, let's go to the W's Forest.
What the heck is W?! Is it a size? Is it an extra-wide forest or something?!
I can't talk!
I shut him up.
Good job, Zell.
Excellent work, Master.
The only method I could think of for shutting someone up was killing them.
Um... You might want to rethink your priorities.
Let's hurry.
Fhats fwoing on?!
The other day, this guy in front of the forest tried to talk to me
and kept breathing really hard! Talk about gross!
Seriously? Like, ew.
By the way, I thought I saw Vanessa a little while ago...
What? No way.
I don't even want to imagine what the queen would do if
a witch who broke the rules was found.
Imperfect.
Vanessa, ever since you left this forest,
my plans strayed far from perfection.
If you master your thread magic as I told you to,
you'll be able to control destiny itself.
And yet you let that man tempt you away...
Queen of Witches
A man... A mere human, at that.
We are perfect witches, and yet you let him use you...
Aren't you ashamed?!
Oh, dear...
What an imperfect room.
You're the one who's imperfect.
Listen up. I'll only come back on one condition.
Teach me ancient dispelling magic!
A little girl who doesn't understand her place needs to be disciplined.
That's the Witches' Forest.
Witches' Forest?!
What the heck is that?! Where are we?
Shh! We need to be extra careful from here on out!
What? What's going on?
We seem to be in Let's begin the operation! mode now...
I'll explain later.
When the heck is later?!
We're already here! You're dragging this out too much!
Just shut up for a while.
Otherwise...
Really?!
Domina, please continue.
The queen runs her overwhelming magic throughout the forest,
so if we give off even a little magic, they'll know we're here immediately.
Which means we won't be able to use my spatial magic.
You don't even have to use it.
If anyone with magic so much as enters here, they'll immediately know.
And what happens if they find us?
Have you ever seen a honeycomb?
Uh, I don't have any magic, so I should be fine.
Shh!
But then how are we supposed to get inside?
And that's where
these cloaks I made come in!
I call them Vanishawls!
Put one of these babies on, and ta-da!
Your magic, your presence, and your body will all disappear!
Wow, that's amazing! But it must be expensive, right?
Oh, not at all! If you order right now, you can get one for just 30,000 yuls!
Wow, that's so cheap! Way too cheap!
And today, we have a one-time special offer! I'll throw in another one for free!
The best of the best! Get your magic items from Domina's Magic Items!
Buy your Vanishawl now for 30,000 yuls and get another one absolutely free!
Yay!
Is this enough?
Whoa, that's way too much!
Hey, I was kidding! Of course, they're free of charge.
That's also a lie. You looked rather hopeful for a moment.
I'm sure she was startled by how much Noelle offered her.
Oh, hey! There's another way in over there!
Let's go in from there!
Woohoo! Onward to witchy paradise!
Seriously, what are we doing?!
Just shut up, Asta!
What?!
I hate them. I hate all humans.
They hurt us
and steal everything from us.
Lady Fana.
It appears that the Black Bulls we were monitoring are up to something strange.
I will burn them all.
They hurt Licht and took Vetto's life.
I will... make them pay!
And then, when I went to the city,
this guy who kept breathing hard gave me a bouquet of a hundred roses!
Ew, gross!
Th-This is really cramped.
I could kill someone right now.
I'm really sorry.
This Vanishawl was originally made to fit just one person.
But this is better than being caught and becoming a human honeycomb, right?
I guess we'll just have to deal until we get to the queen.
I mean, we're better off than them, at least.
Sorry about the sausage fest.
Apparently she only made two of these cloaks.
And to think there are some cute little witchies right over there, giggling away...
Could you please tell me what we're doing here now?
Hey, couldn't you sell this love potion a little cheaper?
I can't go any lower.
L-Love potion?!
Did you hear a man's voice just now?
You must be hearing things. There's no way a man could get into this forest.
You're right.
Man, I panicked...
Sorry. I only ever imagined love potions in my wildest dreams.
Gole!
Wh-What the heck is that? It's sorta cute.
That's a security golem.
They're small, but if they find intruders, they become a pain.
They'll call their friends and start firing magic bullets.
Then what you said earlier about honeycombs...
Yes. If they spot us, we're finished.
They'll fill us with holes until we drop dead.
They get under your guard with their cute appearance, then they ruthlessly attack.
They're perfect assassins.
It's heading toward us.
Don't worry. They won't find us as long as we're under this cloak.
Okay, now it's our turn.
Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear, oh dear...
How?!
Gole?
Heya... Nice place you got here.
Gole...
You worthless husband!
Gah! A naked old man is clinging to me!
What the heck are you doing, Old Man Zell?!
I promise this isn't on purpose. I'm sorry!
He can't help it. That's the kind of thing Master is into.
You couldn't hold back, could you?
No, I just...
A cold glare from my own student...
Huh?
What's going on?
Men?!
Intruders!
Jeez! We'll just have to blast our way through to the queen's manor!
Right! Might as well use my spatial magic, then! We'll take the shortest route!
The most handsome member of the Black Bulls: Finral Roulacase My contact info is written on the back!!
Hello, ladies!
Why are we stopping?!
A naked old man!
The most handsome member of the Black Bulls: Finral Roulacase My contact info is written on the back!!
Why don't we have some tea later?
Seriously, Finral!
You freak!
The most handsome member of the Black Bulls: Finral Roulacase My contact info is written on the back!!
I'll be waiting for your reply.
Are we going to the place or what?!
Hey, you pervert...
What are you staring at?!
This isn't the shortest route at all!
None of them are giving me the time of day.
I still haven't recovered from the shock.
Crap! We're surrounded!
Special Magic Item: Spew-Smoke.
The name tells you exactly what it does, huh?
This smoke has traces of magic in it.
It'll work as a smokescreen for just a short while.
This is our chance to head straight to the queen's manor!
Yeah!
There it is!
What the heck? Is it under construction?
Perfect! Let's dive right in!
I scraped my back because I wasn't wearing a shirt.
That's your own fault for being into that sort of thing.
You've got it all wrong! This was seriously just a coincidence!
Ow...
Imperfect...
Miz Vanessa!
Vanessa!
Hey! What the hell are you doing?!
I don't know who you think you are, but get your foot off of her right now!
How dare an intruder like yourself address me in such a way?
I am the queen of this forest,
the mother of all witches.
That girl over there,
as well as Vanessa, are my descendants. My children.
A child who doesn't listen to her mother needs a little discipline, don't you think?
What?!
This is a family matter.
Outsiders should stay out of it.
I am free to do whatever I want to my daughters.
You may be the Queen of Witches or whatever...
But that's got nothing to do with what I said.
I told you to get your foot off of her!
Imperfect.
Asta!
What is this? You have no magic?
What a vile, imperfect little brat.
That's right... I've got no magic.
And right now, I can't even fight with my swords.
But I'm still better than anyone who'd step on their own family!
You must be the brat Vanessa was talking about.
Why does she want to fix trash like you?
Even sacrificing herself...
This foolish little thing
told me she'd become my slave and live out the rest of her days here
in exchange for healing your arms.
Miz Vanessa...
Wait... Is that why they're here, too?
You told me that you'd become the Wizard King someday, didn't you?
I want you to make that dream come true.
Me, too.
When people care for you,
none of your problems are just your own anymore.
Right, Noelle?
Yes.
Guys...
And with that...
Impressive. Especially since I hid any intent to harm you.
But...
Old man!
Yes. I was able to distract you while the old man saved Asta.
Yup. This old man worked hard.
So can we stop calling me that now?
Now, then...
Wind Creation Magic: Emperor of Slashing Winds.
Now get your foot off of her!
Miz Vanessa is one of us!
You fools.
What could imperfect creatures such as yourselves possibly do?
This little girl,
as well as all of you, cannot escape your fates.
All that waits for you is the end seen in my divination here.
They were much faster than I expected.
I knew they would be coming,
but to think they'd choose a time like this to show up.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun...
Petit Clover!
The Forest of G
The Forest of G.
Bah-ha! I bought an amazing magic item through the Magic Shopping Network.
Bah-ha!
This is an amazing item that makes you and your magic disappear!
It cost me five million yuls, but if I can finally enter the garden
of beautiful women known as the Witches' Forest, it's a bah-hargain.
It'll only take twelve years to pay it off!
But this is bah-hazzare...
The Witches' Forest should be around here.
What's wrong?
Bah-ha?!
What was that?!
Let's be friends.
Ha-bah?!
Who's there?! You're giving me the creeps!
I'm Gordon.
I'm also Gordon.
Heya, I'm Gordon.
We're all Gordon.
Call us Donnie.
Bah-ha!
The Forest of G
This is the Forest of Gordons!
The Forest of Gordons
The Eye of the Midnight Sun is attacking the Witches' Forest.
What? Apparently another force is also trying to attack.
Black Clover, Page 58: The Battlefield Decision.
Page 58 The Battlefield Decision
Yes. Stripping instantly is my master's magic.
