It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
After the Star Festival's main event, the announcement of the Squads' achievements,
the king made an important announcement.
The Eye of the Midnight Sun's hideout has been located.
To that end,
I have decided to gather an even more select group to form the ultimate hand-picked unit.
The Royal Knights!
The
The Ro
The Royal
The Royal Kni
The Royal Knights
Asta and Yuno were unable to contain their excitement, but...
You absolute imbeciles!
They happened to run into the new captain of the Crimson Lion Kings,
Mereoleona Vermillion, scolding her squad in a hellish fury.
The Uncrowned, Undefeated Lioness
The Crimson Lion Kings have only ever placed first or second,
and you had the nerve to ruin that by coming in fifth!
And just because my vacuous younger brother ended up bedridden?
What are you, a bunch of infants?!
What's vacuous mean?
She means foolish.
Wait, did she say younger brother? Who's that?
Probably Captain Fuegoleon.
Huh?! Then that scary lady is...
Captain Fuegoleon and Leo's older sister?!
The nerve of that fool, Fuegoleon!
How dare he raise a bunch of spineless cowards?!
He has the nerve to stay in bed
and leave me with a bunch of useless fools like you?
That fool isn't fit to be a captain!
That's not true! Fuegoleon's a better captain than anyone!
He's right! Captain Fuegoleon taught us exactly what a true knight should be!
Not only is he strict, but he's more passionate about us
and this kingdom than anyone else! He's the ultimate Magic Knight!
You may be my sister, but I will not allow you to ridicule our bro
Then quit talking and show me your true strength!
Show me that you're the ultimate squad that's been led by the ultimate captain!
That giant fool would never die and abandon you or this kingdom!
Until he returns, you need to show me just how strong the proud Crimson Lion Kings are!
While my vacuous younger brother is gone, I'll whip you all into shape myself.
Where's your answer?!
Yes, ma'am!
She's so passionate!
She's smothering.
What kind of intense training is waiting for them?
All right. Let's go to our hot springs training camp.
Hot springs?
A training camp like that sounds super fun!
Sounds easy...
I heard that.
Then you should come, too.
Uh, something just grabbed me!
I mean, I belong to a different squad, and I shouldn't really be following strangers...
Asta! You must want to join in because you're my rival!
No!
Bye, Asta. I'll see you at the exams.
Yuno! Wait, you jerk!
You're coming, too.
N-No way!
Hey! That's too out-of-character for Yuno!
Take your smothering hand off of him!
I don't care about your character.
Bell, be quiet for now. It's even more smothering.
O-Okay...
There's no escaping once my sister has her paws on you.
She's a hidden power
who stayed behind the scenes only because she had no interest in fighting or politics.
But if she were to fight, she'd probably be even stronger than Fuegoleon.
She's the Uncrowned, Undefeated Lioness, Mereoleona Vermillion!
Let's see just how strong you two really are, Rookie One and Rookie Two.
We've been captured by a lady who's crazy!
Closed for private party
Man, the drinks are extra-good tonight, don't you think,
captains of the squads that placed below the Black Bulls?
You okay, Sis?
Call me... Captain.
You got it, Sis.
Get off your high horse. You've been last place every other year, damn it.
And how does it feel to be beaten by the squad
that placed last every other year? Tee hee hee!
If you don't shut that filthy mouth, I'll do it for you.
I'm surprised you had time to braid your bangs
after you lost to those potty-mouthed Black Bulls.
Aren't you embarrassed? Tee hee hee!
I'll kill him!
Oh? You wanna fight?
Mercury Magic: Silver Spears!
Kind sir, please refrain from using attack spells inside our establishment.
This drink is on the house.
I apologize.
It's good.
He's right, Nozel. This is a place to enjoy a drink.
That being said, Yami, you shouldn't have been absent.
You've got one crazy hairstyle going on yourself.
Kind sir, please refrain from using attack spells inside our establishment.
This drink is on the house.
Oh, please do excuse me. I shouldn't have let my temper get to me.
Thank you kindly.
My, my...
Man, what the hell is your problem?
I guess I'll just have to
Guess I'll let you off the hook today.
You guys are acting like pushovers all of a sudden.
Is there something sketchy in those drinks of yours?
Yami!
You're amazing, Yami!
I'm beyond depressed after being ranked last just once!
Yet you looked unfazed for years, despite always coming in last!
Your heart is invincible!
It's so amazing! Unfathomable!
Even your heart has chest hairs!
You are the epitome of insensitivity! You're a total weirdo!
R-Right...
I can never understand a damn word you say!
Just wait until next year, Yami!
What? Going home already?
I don't mind having a few drinks with you tonight, String Bean Scythe!
Shut it!
Then I guess I'll just have to drink by myself.
Gotta celebrate my ridiculous ascent to the top!
You seem quite pleased with yourself for climbing up the ranks just once.
S-Sisgoleon...
Who are you calling Sisgoleon?
Well, you're Fuegoleon's sister, so that'd make you Sisgoleon.
We siblings are not referred to by such ridiculous nicknames.
What? I thought you just kept adding goleon to your names,
Grampsgoleon Gramsgoleon
Daddygoleon
Mommygoleon
Brogoleon
Sisgoleon
like some sort of verb conjugation.
Fuegoleon
Li'l Brogoleon
Li'l Sisgoleon
Nonsense.
Oh, heya, Captain Yami.
Looks like she caught you, kid.
How'd that happen?
I'm not... exactly sure myself.
You're coming, too.
Huh?
You weren't even late to the announcement. You just didn't bother showing up.
Uh, wai
It appears you need training, so I'll help you out with that.
No, wait. I'm already a captain...
Good. That's what you get, Yami.
You're coming, too.
Huh?
What are you doing to my sis?!
Who are you?
I-I don't know what's going on,
but I'll follow you to the ends of the earth, so don't you worry, Sis!
C-Call me Captain...
There you are, Stupidsta!
You need to come give Kahono and Kiato a proper send-off!
Also, just so you know, the reason we got second isn't because of you or anything!
L-Lady Mereoleona...
It's been too long. Have a pleasant evening.
You.
Noelle...
Y-Yes?
You're coming, too.
Huh? What? Wait, I have nothing to do with this!
We look like grapes dangling on a vine right now!
My character...
Quiet down.
Hey, where are we going?
She said something about a hot spring.
H-Hot spring?
Hey, Noelle. Could you wash my back for me?
You moron!
Ow!
I told you lot to quiet down!
Thank you for your patronage.
Now, then... This looks like it's going to be interesting.
Strong Magic Region
Yultim Volcano Trail
H-Hot spring?
All right! Let's go, you bloody imbeciles!
This is a strong magic region known as the Yultim Volcano.
There's a volcanic belt laced with powerful mana deep underground,
and it spews lava constantly.
This is a place that no ordinary person can set foot in.
But at the summit, there's a splendid and revitalizing hot spring.
Well? You're getting excited now, aren't you?
Come! Let us head to the summit!
I wouldn't say we're excited.
Zoinks! What fresh hell is this?
But a hot spring...
Sol, wash my back for me.
Being in a hot spring with Sis! Yes!
Sol, you didn't have to tag along.
What are you talking about?
I told you I'd follow you to the ends of the earth, Sis! That includes this hot spring!
Call me Captain.
You got it, Sis!
Let us race to see who can get to the summit first, Asta!
Yeah! Bring it on, damn it!
I need to work out my aggression!
You, too, Yuno from the Golden Dawn!
You can go right ahead.
So this is what cool looks like.
I don't like it.
Eh, you get used to it.
Quit dawdling and go!
Here I go!
We'll get by somehow with magic!
What's with this heat?
The atmospheric mana's going berserk!
My sweat glands are about to explode!
It's hard to breathe, too. My chest feels like it's on fire!
We're supposed to climb an erupting volcano in this condition?
That's impossible!
Tch. If I try to duck out, Sisgoleon's probably gonna come after me.
Looks like I'm doing this.
Why did Lady Mereo bring me along, too?
I have no choice. I'm starting to sober up, too.
If I can't cross this mountain, I'll disgrace women everywhere.
I'll reach the summit in a blink of an eye!
The captains are amazing!
The magma's doing nothing to them!
More importantly, how are they able to move like that in a place like this?!
That's amazing!
I've figured it out!
That's Mana Skin!
To some extent,
all Magic Knights use mana to boost their physical abilities when they fight.
One fundamental spell in which this ability is polished to perfection is called Mana Skin.
Yami and Charlotte are able to release their mana at a constant rate,
even in an environment where mana is going berserk.
They are always wearing a layer of mana, protecting themselves.
Mana Skin? Sure, every Magic Knight uses that technique.
But sustaining it for so long in a harsh environment like this...
We can't figure it out that fast!
No, it'll work!
We'll get a feel for it little by little, adapt to the mana here,
and reach the summit before we use up our magic!
We've gone soft, so this is the perfect environment to retrain ourselves!
Let's go!
Yeah!
It's so hot! What's with this place?!
Mana Skin, huh?
Yuno, where the heck are we? It's so hot!
Ah, it's so nice and cool.
Yuno!
Asta! You'd better get there before I overheat from soaking too long.
Asta! I'm going on ahead!
Leo!
Curse you, Yuno! I demand that you wait!
I'm gonna be just like Sis!
Then I'm gonna soak in a hot spring with her!
Damn that Sisgoleon.
She must've brought us along to serve as examples for the Crimsons.
Especially Charlotte. Her poor affinity with this place makes her
a prime example of how it should be done.
Golden's top rookie, Mister Cool, is here to stir up the younger guys his age.
Despite how she looks, that lady tyrant is pretty sharp.
Quit dawdling and get a move on!
Or maybe not. I'm not really sure anymore.
Mana Skin...
I'm terrible at controlling my magic, so this is basically impossible for me to do!
Even though my water attribute should be super compatible with this place...
I haven't seen Lady Mereoleona in ages,
and she brings me straight to a place like this!
What the heck is going on?
Did you say something, Noelle?
N-No, nothing at all, ma'am!
Do you have the resolve to climb to the summit?
I asked you if you had the resolve to climb to the summit!
I do!
I can tell from your mana.
The little girl who was always cowering around her siblings has changed.
You're starting to resemble your mother a bit.
Not only on the outside, but on the inside, too.
She didn't just have the physical strength of a Magic Knight.
She possessed a strong heart, too.
Thank you. Those flowers are beautiful.
The baby's going to be born soon, right?
Yes.
Once you give birth, you're going to return to the battlefield, aren't you?
Why are you crying?
They must've told you.
The Magic Knights need you, Lady Acier.
So why are you risking your life to...
As a Magic Knight, once you decide you're going to step out onto the battlefield,
you fight for the people and your kingdom
without thinking twice about risking your life, right?
In a similar way, once a woman has a child in her belly,
she will try to protect that baby's life at any cost.
That's what it means to be a mother.
Nothing's stronger than a determined woman.
Just like your mother.
If you've made the decision to climb, then hurry up and climb this mountain.
Yes, ma'am!
Damn it... Everyone else went on ahead.
There's nothing I can do about this just with guts and my muscles.
I-I can't cut the heat with my sword.
D-Damn it...
You can head back.
It's impossible for someone with absolutely no magic to climb this mountain.
I thought you might have promise since you were the number two rookie,
but apparently your previous exploits were all thanks to luck.
Your luck is magnificent. With that luck, you might be able to become
the Wizard King even if you can't climb this mountain.
If you get the point, go home.
I'm not going back!
H-How...
What we're striving for isn't something that can be obtained just by luck!
It's merit.
Then go on and climb!
You can't protect others with pride, and the trust of others comes with merit.
There is only one thing people want from the Wizard King...
There's no way a fool who doesn't know himself can manage it.
Merit that proves they are the best.
I'll get to the top!
Our dream is waiting for us at the top, beyond merit!
Petit Clover!
Let's Talk with Dorothy!
Let's Talk with Dorothy!
Let's have a chat, Dorothy!
Do you have any hobbies besides sleeping, Dorothy?
Ooh, let me guess!
Let's see... Maybe dancin...
Or maybe even cookin...
I bet you cook a great hambur...
And I bet dessert is caramel puddin...
I'd love to eat your cooking one day, Dorothy!
I know! Let's battle, and if I win, you'll cook me a meal!
Here we go! Rock, paper... paper!
And you call yourselves members of the glorious Magic Knights?
Don't give up until the end!
And then, we'll go into the hot spring!
Black Clover, Page 72: Saint Elmo's Fire.
Page 72 Saint Elmo's Fire
Being naked with others... That's my magic!
