It appeared as though humanity would be destroyed by the demons.
But a single mage saved them all.
He was called the Wizard King, and he became a legend.
The Crimson Lion Kings placed fifth?
The new Captain of the Crimson Lion Kings, Mereoleona Vermillion,
is the older sister of Fuegoleon, who was injured
fighting the Eye of the Midnight Sun and has yet to awaken.
Thus,
she decided to hold a training camp at a hot spring in a strong magic region,
and she ended up dragging Asta and some of the others there.
Asta and the others head toward the summit where the hot spring is, but...
I'm not going back!
What we're striving for isn't something that can be obtained just by luck!
I'll get to the top!
Our dream is waiting for us at the top, beyond merit!
Saint Elmo's Fire
Strong Magic Region
Yultim Volcano Trail
I acted all tough and said I'd get to the top,
but I can't even move an inch in this heat!
What should I do? If my muscles or guts can't get me through this,
there's nothing I can do right now.
I can't do this my normal way.
Normal? Then what if I try something that's not normal?
That power!
But how do I use it?
Last time, I sorta went unconscious and ended up like that when I came to.
I don't know!
Your head looks like it's about to explode, too.
That's what you get for thinking too hard.
Right...
I can't think too hard about this.
It's not like thinking helped at all last time, either.
I need to concentrate. Empty my mind...
Transform!
Actually, you can go home after all.
Please forget you saw that!
You got it all wrong! I can do this!
Then I suggest that you keep struggling.
Yes, ma'am!
That's the only thing I can do!
I'll struggle, struggle, and struggle some more!
Come to think of it, back then,
it wasn't just the fact that I wasn't thinking about anything.
I was about to die.
Is that why I unconsciously...
Then, I guess...
I'll try jumping into the lava.
I ran head-first into Salamander's explosions!
This isn't going to be scary at all!
No, wait! That's just being reckless!
Did you forget what he told you back then?
Stay calm at all times!
I need to think...
I-It's no use! I can't think of a damn thing!
Because I'm stupid!
I'm so jealous of that Mana Skin barrier thingie.
If only I had some magic... Damn it!
I haven't been this jealous of everyone in a long time.
Hang on, Asta. You've gotta stop being so envious of others.
You've done a lot yourself.
There's no way a fool who doesn't know himself can manage it.
I don't know myself? Could it be that...
I still don't fully comprehend the power that I have?
First, I have this anti-magic sword
that only I can hold, because I don't have any magical powers.
It can cut through any magic.
But I can't do anything about this environment.
Second, I trained my body and increased my stamina so that I could use this sword.
I could climb any other mountain, but not this one.
Third, I can now use the ki detection that Captain Yami taught me about.
It's now part of my routine.
Using that, I'll know when the rocks or lava from the eruptions are heading my way, but...
Ki?
Ki
People looking at you, the sound of their breathing,
their smell, the motions of their muscles,
the vague sense that they're there...
Ki is the blanket term for all of the different types of life energy
the human body emits.
When I do it, I combine it with magic and muscle, and fight that way.
Could it be that if I use ki detection on myself,
I'll find out more about that power?
I was right. I sense my own ki within my body,
as well as something black flowing into my body from the sword.
If I could only strengthen this flow.
Like, circulate it throughout my body more...
Circulate... like a river? No, like a ring?
What stance would make that easier to visualize?
This is it!
All right, good! Flow even more throughout my body!
More... Even more!
More fiercely!
The sword's anti-magic flowed into Asta's body amplified itself,
and then brought about a change in Asta's body.
There it is!
I can feel the power overflowing!
All right, I'm gonna make it to the top!
I can't stop!
Y-You can't be serious!
That attack didn't work?
Magical Lifeform Borula
Don't falter! If we can't defeat something like this,
we're unworthy to be called Magic Knights!
Yeah, so take care of it already, Leopold.
You got it! Wait... Noelle!
Your attribute is water, which gives you an edge over that thing!
What are you doing?!
Shut up! It's taking all my concentration to keep my Mana Skin up!
Asta?
But that form...
One Horn Bull Thrust!
That's my rival for you! So you've acquired a new special technique, eh?
That black aura... I shall dub you Black Asta!
Wait, where are you going?!
Hell if I know!
Oh, crap! Oh, crap! I don't know how to stop!
I seem to be heading toward the summit, but...
That's...
Yuno!
Asta...
I'm headed head-first into the lava!
You're not going to help him?
There's no need.
The anti-magic overflowing from his body isn't heading toward the lava.
It's headed toward her fierce magic.
She's pulling me to her?
P-Please run!
Run?
You fool!
Among lions, the females are the ones who hunt!
Calidos Brachium!
Impressive.
Looks like that violent lioness is as psychotic as ever.
How'd she do that midair?
Yo, kid! You alive?
H-Holy crap!
She's definitely Captain Fuegoleon's big sister!
It looks like you've finally learned a little about yourself.
But you still have a ways to go.
Yes, ma'am!
I couldn't control it very well, but I was able to use that power!
I'm gonna get even stronger and pass that Royal Knights exam!
So you're finally all here, you fools!
The Yultim Volcano becomes completely dormant at night.
You're supposed to get here before that, damn it!
At this rate, we're never going to win back first place!
Those who couldn't make it up here before nightfall
will try again another day!
Yes, ma'am!
I made it here before the sun set, but I shall climb it one more time...
no, a hundred more times, and become even stronger than you, Sister!
That's not enough! Climb it 10,000 times!
Yes, ma'am!
Good! Now I give you all permission to soak in the hot spring!
Hot springs, huh?
I remember soaking in one back at Hage Village after my training.
B-But where is the hot spring?
Holy crap! Hot water came outta nowhere!
And now it's a huge bath!
So this is the Yultim Volcano hot spring!
You can't be serious.
The analeptic effect of this hot spring is the best in our kingdom!
But no one ever bothers to use it, so we always get it to ourselves.
It's the best hole in the wall you could ask for!
Well, I mean, any normal bastard would die before they ever got up here.
All right, you fools! Take off your clothes!
What?!
B-But Sister, we couldn't possibly...
All the ladies are here, too! What's gonna happen?!
Are we all getting in together?!
I don't know if her name is Meringue or Orange Juice,
but what the heck's her problem?!
I'm not going to allow Yuno to take off his clothes in front of any girls!
T-Together with Yami in a hot spring?
I like women who like hot springs.
It doesn't hurt to have someone wash your back sometimes.
Wh-Why am I having such ludicrous delusions?!
Okay, don't lose it.
Stay calm. Stay calm.
How am I supposed to stay calm?!
I will never allow any man to see Sis's pure, naked body!
Earth Magic: Mud Wall Partition!
Anyone who dares to climb this wall shall die!
Whoa! She created a women's bath and a men's bath in an instant!
All right, you fools! Hurry up and get in!
Yeah!
The view's as nice as ever.
The temperature's just right.
Sis... You're so b-beautiful.
If this isn't heaven, then I don't know what is.
Nothing beats having a drink while soaking in here.
How about it, Charlotte? Have a drink with me.
No, thank you. I'll pass.
What? Is my liquor too good for you?
No, it's nothing like that.
I hold you in the highest regard, Lady Mereoleona.
Then drink with me.
I was already a drunken mess in front of Yami at the Star Festival.
If that happens when I'm naked, I'll just die!
Then I'll have some.
Despite how I look, I'm way older than all of you!
Oh? The Wind Spirit?
This wall won't suddenly break, will it?
Why are you zoning out?
H-Hey! I can wash my hair myself!
Oh, don't be shy! You said your name was Noelle?
You've got some guts! I like gutsy women!
Wanna join our squad?
Um... I'm already a Black Bull...
What's so great about that squad? It's overrun by men.
What? Well, the girls are working hard, too.
I mean, there are some loud and reckless guys, but...
But they're not all bad...
Most of the Blue Rose Knights are women! All the guys in our squad are errand boys.
I was hoping we could get that Yuno guy to join so we could work him to the bone, too.
I never thought he'd get that strong.
All the guys are errand boys...
That doesn't sound so bad.
The men's bath is right over there.
R-Right about now, Yami's over there...
Nude...
Right over there!
Why are you floating like that? You didn't even drink anything.
And that's how you are after one sip?
S-Sis, are you okay?!
You're so beautiful, even when you're passed out!
C-Call me Captain.
You got it, Sis!
Fan me, too...
What happened to them?
This is a decent bath.
The stars are so beautiful.
Lady Acier also loved the view of the stars from here.
My mother came here?
She's the one who showed me this spot in the first place.
What was my mother like?
Um... No one will tell me about her.
She was a strong woman.
She would give me lessons quite often.
I was undefeated on the battlefield, yet I was never able to defeat her once.
It didn't even matter that my magical attribute had the advantage.
The Steel Warrior Princess who would dance around the battlefield, Acier Silva...
Her strength and beauty captivated everyone.
And you look a lot like her. You're her spitting image.
But your magical abilities aren't like hers at all.
Your sloppy magic control makes it hard to believe that you're her daughter.
Her daughter
Her magic was refined beyond belief,
Refined
and it had dignity.
Your magic is so crude and unsightly, it's hard to believe you're royalty.
Crude
And that's why you must surpass her.
You may look like your mother,
but surpass her with a strength that's all your own.
Yes, ma'am!
Of course. Even that idiot who doesn't have any magical powers is doing his best.
Even if I lack talent, I'm not going to run or make excuses.
I'm getting fired up, and my body's feeling warm, too.
Wait, it's actually getting hotter?!
How dare you try to show off?! I'm sure you can't handle this heat!
I'll melt the cool right off of you!
I'm totally fine.
What did you say?!
Leo, he's not trying to act cool or anything!
He just hates losing!
I also hate losing!
Let's see who can stay in here the longest!
Hey! Why are you cooling down the water with your wind?!
That's not fair!
It's not cheating. Magic is part of my strength, too.
Besides, you're heating it with magic in the first place.
What the hell are you dumbasses doing?
There are better ways to enjoy a hot spring.
Captain Yami!
What are the other ways to enjoy a hot spring?
Do you mean working out? Or maybe working out?
It's working out, isn't it?!
Shut the hell up.
Is your head full of muscles, too?
You're the only moron who'd enjoy that.
No!
It's not working out?
And here's another one with a head full of muscles.
Captain... Then what's this other way to enjoy it?
What else?
We're gonna go peep at the women's bath!
D-Did he say peep?
Are we allowed to do that?
Won't they kill us if they find out?
I can't believe what a bunch of whiners you are.
If you're a true man, this is a risk you've gotta take.
Even if it costs your life.
I-Is that what it means...
Yes. All guys are like that.
I'm sure you want to take a look, too, Mister Cool.
No, I don't.
You stupid little punk. Don't you try and act cool with me,
you breezy little pretty boy.
Uh... again, this isn't just part of my character, so please stop...
Well, someone doesn't give a shit about your character, you dumbass.
And that's me.
Please stop, Captain Yami!
Yuno really isn't interested!
He's only ever bathed with guys since he was a kid!
Come to think of it, my brother loved baths, too.
Leopold, I still have many things I must teach you.
Of course, Big Brother!
W-Wait! Was the thing he said he had to teach me back then...
Leopold, what I'm going to teach you right now is...
To peep into women's baths!
Of course, Big Brother!
There's no way that happened!
No... My brother would never look.
Actually, he'd probably be furious and try to stop us.
What are you mumbling about, bomb head?
Why are you trying to be like that Hot-Blooded King of Hardnoses?
You're going to surpass him, aren't you?
That's right!
I'm going to surpass my brother!
What the hell are you guys standing around for?
This is a battle, in a sense.
Why are you so scared of being killed?
We came here to whip you wimps back into shape!
He's right!
You must never run from a battle!
We are the best! The Crimson Lion Kings!
All right! We're gonna peep!
Let's show them how manly we are!
Yeah!
Wh-What is that?
Don't tell me those guys...
Oh? Listen to those fearless voices.
Now they sound more like the Crimson Lion Kings.
But they're going to try to peep!
You're never going to see Sis's pure, naked body!
Earth Magic: Mud Wall Cliff!
Don't back down!
We are the Crimson Lion Kings! We can climb over any wall, no matter how high!
Yeah!
You can't be serious.
Okay, get going, kid!
You've learned a new technique. Now go become a real man!
No! My heart belongs to Sister, so I absolutely refuse to look!
Uh... Sure.
Hot Spring Training Camp Arc Fin!!
Hot Spring Training Camp Arc... Fin.
Petit Clover!
Exhaustion Recovery
Exhaustion Recovery.
Sister Lily always heals the people of Hage Village with her sweet smile.
And it's said that it's the Hage Hot Spring that heals her soul.
But there are times when she's so busy with her duties at the church
that even a hot spring is not enough to help her recover.
When that happens, she eats tatoes pickled in black vinegar.
Father introduced me to these, and they worked instantly the day after I ate them!
Order now, and we'll throw in some garlic extract-infused moguro leaf juice.
Order now!
Express delivery!
Order now for free shipping!
Don't wait! Order now!
She's on an infomercial!
Sister is as beautiful as ever!
Hello, everyone. It's been a while.
Asta and Yuno are working so hard!
Everyone at the church is proud of you two.
Black Clover, Page 73: The Royal Knights Selection Test.
Page 73 The Royal Knights Selection Test
Make sure you're taking care of yourselves.
