Thou Who Hast Gathered the Seven Balls... Now Speak Forth the Password
I wonder if I look any stronger.
I bet if Mother-
or Piccolo-san were to see me in this outfit, they'd be surprised.
But for some reason, I sure feel as though I'm stronger now!
I'm the strongest warrior in the universe, Son Gohan!
Hey, you there!
That pip-squeak friend of yours said something about taking two hours before he would return, right?
Yeah.
All right, then.
Stand guard over those Dragonballs well, then.
I'll be taking a nap inside the spaceship. Wake me when he gets back.
A nap?
I haven't had any sleep now for quite a while.
Just sit tight, Gohan and Goku!
I'll find out how to summon Shenlong and be back soon.
That rotten creep!
I can't even be sure he hasn't already killed the Grand Elder-san.
Please, let me be make it in time!
I have to tell Kuririn-san and the others about the password as soon as possible!
There they are!
Strange.
I don't feel any Ki.
I'm too late!
Kuririn-san!
It's not him!
Okay then, where is Kuririn-san?
Kakarrot.
Once Freeza is out of the way, you're next. Until then, I need you on my side.
I can't believe I've let myself come to this.
I'll sleep for thirty minutes.That should be enough to allow me to count on my full power.
When I open my eyes again, I will be able to obtain eternal life and youth for myself.
That should make for some pleasant dreams.
Freeza could show up at any minute. He's got a lot of nerve going to sleep.
I am only using my left hand, yet you have still done so poorly.
Surely now you see there is no way you can win.
How about speakin to me now? Tell me how the Dragonballs grant my wish.
You have continued to expend your energies so pointlessly.
Such actions cannot possibly work against me, can they? Have you not fully realized this yet?
I cannot understand why you continue to defy me, when you must certainly know you are beaten?
Is it because your friends have been killed? Or perhaps, is it due to common stubbornness?
Let me make this my final warning. Tell me how the Dragonballs grant wishes.
You will die, otherwise.
Even if you were to find out, by now, it no longer matters.
Very soon, Dende will arrive at the... location where the... Earthlings are.
He is there to tell them... the very same password you're after!
What!?
Him?
Why you! You've just been buying time for him!?
The Ginyu Special Corps -I get no reading on them!
Can it be that all five of them have been eliminated?
In any case, something's happened between Vegeta, the Earthlings, and the Ginyu Special Corps!
So what's happened to the Dragonballs!?
Rotten punks! It will be to me, Freeza-sama, that that wish is granted!
It will not be to you lower life forms!
How regrettable that it must come to this. I should have told the Earthlings the password when I had the chance.
Now I've caused Nail to suffer so terribly.
Move swiftly, Dende. It seems my end has drawn near.
Kuririn-san!
Gohan-san!
I wonder if it really will take Kuririn-san two whole hours to get to the Grand Elder-san and back.
What am I supposed to do if Freeza comes back before then?
I hope Kuririn-san gets back soon.
A Ki!
Someone is flying towards Goku's direction.
I recognize this Ki.
I knew it! It's Dende!
HEY!
It's me, it's me! I'm just dressed this way is all.
Kuririn-san!
Thank goodness!
Hey, you...
You're that bad Ginyu fellow, who took over my father's body and such, aren't you?
I knew it! Come here, you!
You can't do anymore bad stuff now.
This really saves our necks. We've gotten all the Dragonballs together, but we couldn't get Shenlong to appear,
So I was just on my way to the Grand Elder-san's place to find out what the password is.
That's what I thought. I was told by the Grand Elder-sama to find you and tell you how to get your wish granted.
Oh, really? So, what is it were supposed to say?
The password must be spoken in the Namekian language, or else the wish will not be granted.
Namekian, huh? That makes sense.
The Grand Elder-san isn't very good with people, or else he could have told us that while we were there.
He must not have thought you were going to be able to get all the Dragonballs together, or he would have.
Maybe so.
Never mind that, we must hurry! The Grand Elder-sama's life is nearly at an end.
Freeza might be on his way, as well.
Yeah, you're right.
Something's coming...
It's Kuririn-san... But I can feel two Ki...
He's hidden his Ki!
It really is Kuririn-san. But who's with him?
It's Dende-kun. Yea!
-We made it! It's Gohan! -Thank goodness!
That was incredibly fast! How did you manage it?
Easy. Dende here was asked by the Grand Elder-san to come to us.
You mean, to tell us how to use the Dragonballs and get our wish granted?
Right!
Now then, what's Vegeta up to? I've been holding my Ki since before we got here so he wouldn't realize we're back.
I don't think he's noticed. He said something about not having slept recently, and is napping inside the spaceship.
Great! This is working out nicely.
Okay, then. Very quietly, so Vegeta doesn't notice, we'll carry the Dragonballs over to this area.
That way, even if he realizes that Shenlong has appeared, well have bought some time.
Yahoo! We did it!
Okay, it's up to you now, Dende.
Right!
Kuririn-san, Something's coming this way. Very fast.
It's Freeza!
Hurry, Dende! Hurry and get our wish granted!
Nothing's happening.
Hey, Dende, are you sure you didn't goof up the password?
They're glowing!
The sky is getting dark!
Just like the Dragonballs on Earth!
What's this? Why has it suddenly become night?
It looks like the wish will soon be granted!
-They did it! -Yeah!
We can finally return to life!
Isn't this great, Ten-san?
He- he's huge! Far bigger than the one on Earth.
Is-is that Shenlong?
Here, he is called Porunga. It means God of Dreams'.
This is the first time I've seen him, too.
Thou who hast gathered the Dragonballs, now speak thy wishes.
I shall grant thee any three wishes, whichsoever art within my ability.
Three? Did he just say three?
That's right. You can have three wishes granted.
Really!? Looks like Nail-san was right!
What should we do? We have three wishes, three!
Porunga, the Super Shenlong finally appears.
What will Kuririn and the others ask for with their three wishes?
