It's a person!
There's- there's a person coming out of it!
W- what do those guys want!?
Who are they?
Earth, they called it, right? Not a bad planet, is it?
Shall we say hello to those annoying, peeping little chicks?
Not too hard, now.
What was that!?
W- what the hell did they do!?
W- what the-?
I- it's unheard-of!
Perhaps that greeting was a bit too polite.
Leave it at that, Nappa. If we go at it too excessively,
we won't be able to sell this planet for a high price.
O- oh, yeah.
Now that you mention it,
we were going to look for those whatever-they're-called balls,
which can grant us any wish, huh?
Dragon Balls.
How about we first find the one who killed Raditz,
and ask him about the Dragon Balls?
Sure.
Now, supposing that one of those Dragon Ball things was in the area,
our wish for eternal life would have been wiped out,
thanks to that senseless greeting of yours.
S- sorry about that. It completely slipped my mind.
Well, what's done is done. First thing we need to do
is find the guy who has the highest battle power.
He'll be the one who killed Raditz. Either him, or Kakarrot's son.
That's strange. I'm picking up more than just one or two readings
that have a battle power higher than 1000.
What are they doing on this planet?
Don't panic. They're still no match for us.
In any case, find the one who has the highest battle power.
I found him!
There are two fairly high battle powers together.
All right, Nappa, let's go have some fun.
Currently, the cause of the large-scale earthquake is a complete mystery.
All communications with Metro East,
which is thought to have been the epicenter of this earthquake,
have been cut off, and the safety of its residents is in doubt.
T- they're finally here, are they?
Let's go help them out. With this, I can tell where they are.
I- I'm going over my dead body!
I- I'm going! I'm sure Yamucha- sama will be going, too!
No, let's not.
There's too great a difference in our levels.
Even if I did go, I'd just be in the way.
All we can do is pray for their victory from here.
Y- you're probably right.
Right! Right!
Yamucha- sama, don't die!
Son- kun, get here soon!
Get here soon!
Hold out until I get there, everyone!
This is great! This planet Earth here has fairly little gravity,
and we can move with no difficulty at all!
They're moving at incredible speed!
They're heading straight for that area where those two other large Ki are!
Is that where Tenshinhan- san and them are?
Or is it where Piccolo and Goku's son are?
They're coming. They intend to come here.
Right.
Chaozu, you stay here!
No way! I'm coming, too! I trained hard, and I'm coming!
Together with you, Ten- san!
W- what the hell happened here!?
Er, the scene is more terrible than you can imagine.
Metro East has been wiped out without a trace.
What in the world could have happened here?
Chief, how is the investigation coming?
We haven't the faintest idea.
This ain't no ordinary case!
Who is that?
I knew it! So this was the Saiyan's doin'!
Are they tellin' me I gotta fight someone with this kinda power!?
H- hey, you!
What are you doing there!? A- are you the one who did this!?
You dimwit! There ain't no way I coulda done this!
If I had this sorta power, I wouldn't be so scared, y'know!?
You know something, don't you!?
Chief!
Hey!
This was done by aliens, who're called Saiyans !
W- what!? Aliens!?
They're fixin' to exterminate everyone on earth! Every last one!
My boys're fightin''em right now for ya, to make sure they don't get their way.
Ya got that!?
Of all things!
Come on, now, it's dangerous for the general public to be here!
Go home! Go home!
There are guys like this one running around out there, you know.
True, true...
All right then, you guys! How do you explain this weird situation!? Eh!?
'sides, look over there at those!
Kind of large for basketballs, aren't they?
You stupid numbskull!
N- numbskull!?
Those're the spaceships that the Saiyan's came in!
-Spaceships!? -Spaceships!? -Spaceships!?
T- they couldn't be!
So check'em out!
Hey, crime lab!
-Yes? -Yes?
Examine- examine those things.
-Right! -Right!
I'm from AHO TV. C- come over here a second...
I'd like to hear all the details.
I tell ya, I sure am gettin' hungry, here...
Y- you want an appearance fee?
C- Chief!
T- this definitely is not of this earth!
W- what!?
I'll pay you whatever money you ask! So, where are these Saiyan guys now?
AHO TV- san, you're not getting the scoop on us!
We'll pay as much as you like, too.
Us, too!
Us, as well!
Us, too!
Me, too!
In that case, to keep ya all from fightin', I'll tell ya all!
You can stick your wads of bills in here.
How's that?
I got it!
They're that way!
No, this way, this way!
Lessee...
About 6000 kilometers in that direction.
6000 kilos?
South, huh?
I won't steer ya wrong, though. You'd best not get too close to'em.
These're some pretty horrific guys, after all.
We're going to be the first ones there, for sure!
No, we are!
We're leaving, too!
We're going to capture the aliens!
Hunh, no hope for'em.
All right... I'm gonna eat my fill with this!
Could be the last meal I ever eat in this world...
Prob'ly...
The time was 12:20 p.m. The birds and animals
sensed a presence out of the ordinary, and had begun leaving the area.
There's nothing to be afraid of. We've become so strong,
it's incomparable to what we were a year ago.
R- right!
Something is coming this way from that direction, too!
And someone is coming from over here, as well!
W- weren't there only going to be two Saiyans?
A Saiyan!?
Hey, long time no see, Piccolo.
Oh, it's you, huh?
What business do you have here? Did you come to get in our way?
Don't talk like that. I've improved a little, myself.
So it appears. Looks like there are some other fools who mean to come here.
Yeah, I'm sure everyone is coming. I guess I was just the closest one.
I remember! You're one of the people that was at the Turtle Hermit- sama's place.
Yeah, Kuririn. You've beefed up quite a bit, haven't you?
You're just like Goku was, when he was a kid.
You're small, but strong, right? Father said that about you a lot.
You're going to fight alongside us, right?
He didn't have to include that small part.
That jerk- he grows a little bit taller, and thinks he's so big...
Still, it must have been rough, having Piccolo train you like this, right?
Mm-hmm. But Piccolo- san is a much better person than I thought.
Enough chit-chat! They're here!
There they are, there they are!
There's one more of them now, making three tough guys.
It appears that they know all about us.
T- those are the Saiyans, huh?
Indeed, I can sense an incredible Ki from them.
D- danger truly is closing in on us!
It looks as though you've been waiting anxiously for us.
You've got that right.
Just for the record, let me ask you,
what the hell have you come here for?
That voice...
So, you're the one who defeated Raditz, right?
Voice?
Didn't Raditz tell you?
This acts as a communicator, too.
He's a Namekian!
So it would seem. I guess it's not that surprising that Raditz was done in.
Namekian?
Piccolo! Y- you're an alien, too? That would explain...
I- is that right, Piccolo- san?
I get it. In addition to having an unusually high battle power,
I've heard that Namekians have certain remarkable abilities.
l'm a Namekian?
I've also heard that there are some of them that can perform magician-like feats.
You must be the one who created these Dragon Ball things.
Y- you even know about the Dragon Balls!?
The Dragon Balls are our first objective.
Hand them over to us without making any trouble.
Even if you are Namekian, by yourself, you're no more than a housefly to us.
Thanks. Because of you, I'm more-or-less starting to understand my heritage.
But, unfortunately for you,
I'm not the one who created the Dragon Balls.
I'm the kind that specializes in fighting, you see.
Come try me, and we'll see whether or not I'm a housefly!
Kami- sama...
I- I didn't know. To think that I am an alien...
No wonder I always felt so different from everyone else.
I am definitely the one who created the Dragon Balls long ago.
Even though it was the first time I had ever made any,
they seemed strangely familiar.
There was probably someone on Planet Namek
that also created something like the Dragon Balls.
There were still memories of my distant ancestors within me.
Pipe down!
It looks like you don't have any intention of telling us about the Dragon Balls.
Fine with me. You'll talk, even if I have to force it out of you!
981...
1220...
1083...
Miserable fools! You plan on facing us with that kind of battle power?
Nappa,
take off your Scouter.
What?
These guys can alter their battle powers in response to the battle.
We can't rely on these values anymore.
Now that you mention it, that's right.
That idiotic wimp Raditz got done in
because he got overconfident in his Scouter's figures, after all.
T- that wimp Raditz ?
R- Raditz was that Saiyan
that you and Goku barely managed to defeat together, right?
Wimp, huh?
I know- what do you say we have ourselves a look at what they are capable of?
Hey, Nappa, there are still six Saibaimen left, right? Bring them out.
Vegeta, you sure do like having a good time, huh?
S- Saibaiman?
W- what's that?
Six of them, all right.
Once you see the Saibaimen,
I imagine you'll want to tell us about the Dragon Balls.
This soil will grow some fine Saibaimen.
W- what is that?
All right!
T- those guys are creepy!
T- these guys are pretty good!
So it would appear.
Those three are your targets. Do them some harm, Saibaimen.
Saibaimen, born of the soil...
Their power is the real deal.
Will Gohan...
