Are you okay?
You can rest easy now.
Aw, did he leave?
Never mind that guy, what kinda idiot are you? How come ya didn't finish him off?
Sorry about that, Kuririn...
Don't worry about it. I did feel bad for everyone who died, though.
But even so, we might still be able to bring them back to life.
H- he couldn't be!
Gohan- chan!
C- Chichi?
Gohan- chan! Gohan- chan!
Gohan- chan!
C- Chichi!
Gohan- chan!
Gohan- chan! Gohan- chan! Are you okay!? Wake up! Ma is here!
Gohan- chan... What an awful thing to go through...
G- Gohan is fine.
Goku is in far worse shape than him. See? You see? Over here. See?
You poor thing! Bein' forced to go through somethin' like this!
You're never goin' to leave your Ma's side again! You poor thing!
That's just not right. Goku had it hard, too.
S- Son- kun...
Goku...
Son- kun...
Are you okay, Son- kun?
T- this is awful.
S- sorry... I let the Saiyan get away...
Not at all. Just driving him away was quite a feat.
Ah, Karin- sama...
Saying he was strong doesn't begin to cover it.
B- Bulma- san, Yamucha was... Except for the four of us, everyone else was done in...
Uh-huh, we saw it on TV.
But Piccolo died, which means that so has Kami- sama...
He's right. And that means the Dragon Balls...
I know what that means!
Y- you knew, didn't you?
Y- yeah.
If only Piccolo had been one of the survivors...
Well'scuse me for livin'.
That's right! All you did was run away! You didn't fight one bit!
What did you say!?
A good-for-nothing like you should have died right off, instead of Piccolo!
You idiot!
If I hadn'a been there, these guys wouldn'a survived!
This is pissin' me off! I'm sick of bein' good!
All right, all right.
More importantly, we should hurry and get the injured to a hospital.
There aren't any more Senzu.
Easy, easy! Easy now...
Everyone's bodies are around here, right?
Um... a little more that way.
Bulma- san, don't cry. There's only a very slim chance that this is possible,
and maybe it's even a little crazy,
so listen to me, but don't get your hopes up.
I- it's possible that we can bring everyone who was killed by the Saiyans back to life.
What do you mean?
Really?
This is going to sound like grasping at clouds...
K- Kuririn... you said something about that to me, too...
What do you mean? Tell us...
A- as it happens...
Just a minute. I'll tell you later.
Muten Roshi- sama, land here. We have to load up everyone else's bodies.
Chaozu's body is the only one left. Let's see now...
There isn't one.
He blew himself to pieces.
I really would like to bring them all back to life.
As it stands, their sacrifice was all too great.
Karin- sama, all I feel is anger...
Now then...
That's okay. I'll pilot us.
I've calmed down a little.
O- okay...
Gohan- chan! Are you wakin' up?
Relax! It's Ma! It's your Ma!
M- Mother?
You poor thing! It must have been so scary! But you're okay now!
Yeah, you did great! You're really something!
We got through it!
H- how? Where is the Saiyan?
He got away... He got away from us.
B- but still, we all hurt him something terrible, right?
He might never come back.
Where's Father!?
I'm in the back, Gohan...
Thanks to you guys, I managed to survive somehow...
Hey, this is fine an' all,
but yer Goku's wife, right?
Stop worryin' about just the kid, and look after yer husband, would ya?
How rude! Nothin' doin'.
It's because of Goku- sa that Gohan- chan went through all that nastiness!
He didn't have to drag my boy into that!
That's not true, Mother! Father was-
I'm far more worried about your future, Gohan, than I am about the earth!
Goku, can I slug her?
Kuririn...
Would you tell us about what you were saying earlier?
O- oh, right.
The Saiyans probably learned about there being Dragon Balls here on Earth,
via Goku's brother's radio, or whatever. The part about having wishes granted, too.
So, as long as they were here, they were trying to get the Dragon Balls, too.
Really?
Yeah.
But when they saw Piccolo's face, they called him something weird.
A Namekian.
Piccolo- and Kami- sama, too- appears to have been an alien.
That's no wonder, what with his face.
The important part is what they said next.
Nappa! Kill them!
But what about the Dragon Balls?
I don't care! I have an idea.
If we go to Planet Namek, the home world of that Namekian,
I'm sure that there will be Dragon Balls that are even more powerful.
Is that all they said? That's nonsense.
I heard him, too.
He said that Namekians have the power to create mysterious balls.
If- and that's a really big if- we were able to go to this Planet Namek place,
we might be able to obtain their Dragon Balls.
I- I get it.
If you did that, you would be able to bring those who had died back to life.
Piccolo- san could come back to life!
G- Gohan- chan, how can you say that!?
That's right! If Piccolo came back to life, so would Kami- sama!
And that means we could restore the Dragon Balls here, too!
-Banzai! Banzai! -T- that's incredible!
Then there's a chance... There really is a chance!
Isn't there? Isn't there? Isn't there?
You amateurs make it sound so nice and simple.
There's no way we could pull off that kind of dream. I hate to burst your bubble.
N- not even you can do it, Bulma- san?
In the first place, Kuririn,
how are we supposed to know where this whatever-it's-called planet even is?
L- let me take care of that...
Kaio- sama, you're listening, right?
Do you know where this Planet Namek is?
Planet Namek? Of course I know. Whatever else you may say, I am a Kaio, after all.
T- this is amazing. We can hear him, too. This gentleman is Kaio- sama, is he?
Kaio- sama, it looks like everyone else can hear you, too, so tell us.
Before I do, allow me to say one thing. You all did really well.
Once Son Goku had been done in, I honestly thought it was hopeless.
That was really something.
Still, I got a pretty big shock. Not even Kaio-ken worked against him...
Yeah, even I greatly miscalculated that Saiyan Vegeta's strength.
Who knew he'd be that strong?
M- maybe I really was wrong to let him get away...
Maybe so.
H- hey, what does he mean? Don't tell me Goku intentionally...
I- I'll tell you all the details later.
Now then, Planet Namek's location...
To put it in the terms you'd use on Earth... let's see...
Bearing SW66 by... no, no, let's see here...
Bearing SU83 by... 9045XY, is it?
9045XY, did you say!?
B- Bulma- san, do you know where that is?
H- hey, Turtle- chan, take over piloting. I've got to calculate this.
T- Turtle- chan?
I've got a bad feeling about this...
Planet Namek used to be a very beautiful planet, as I recall,
but some time ago, they went through a terrible bout of abnormal weather.
I thought that all of the Namekians died out at that time.
The planet itself is currently in the process of returning to normal,
but as for whether or not anyone survived...
O- oh, no...
This is hopeless. Ain't no way there're still Dragon Balls there.
H- hey, you!
Don't panic. Once I check up on Planet Namek, I'll know.
Now, where was it? Let's see...
This way, huh?
So that's it!
That's the reason why Kami- or rather, the Namekian who became Kami- fled to Earth.
Kami himself may have forgotten that because he lost his memory,
or maybe he was just too young a child. Either way, it's a sad past.
Yeah, but Dragon Balls can grant any wish, right?
If they're the guys that could make them things,
they coulda just wished to have the abnormal weather stopped, right?
That probably wouldn't have worked.
Shen Long said that he couldn't grant a wish
that exceeded the power of the Dragon Balls' creator.
That means he couldn't rein in that incredible amount of power.
That's why Shen Long couldn't do anything against the Saiyans.
What're ya talkin' about? I guess the Dragon Balls ain't so great after all.
You're a sassy fellow!
What's this? There are some! There are some!
There are some Namekians! There's just under a hundred of them,
but they survived, and are thriving again!
T- there're a hundred guys like that!?
Not to worry. Namekians are a very mild-mannered race by nature.
Like that guy who was Kami on your Earth.
Piccolo Daimao was probably someone who was born
of the evil influence of earthlings that he encountered before becoming Kami.
That explains it.
There are some nasty types out there in the world, after all.
Look who's talking.
But now there's a possibility that Kami,
not to mention Yamucha and Tenshinhan, can come back to life!
You're naive! You're absolutely naive!
Indeed, I figured out where Planet Namek is. But how are you planning to go there?
H- how? Well, in a spaceship, of course.
That's where you're being completely naive, I tell you!
If you used a spaceship
with the world's most powerful engine, an experimental model my dad made,
I calculated how much time it would take you to reach Planet Namek.
Exactly how long do you think it would take?
I came up with a positively enormous figure.
Look here. It would take 4339 years and 3 months.
You'd have to live to a ripe old age, huh?
K- Kaio- sama, what should we do?
Y- y- you're asking me?
If that's the problem, I think we'll be all right.
I'm thinking of using the spaceship that that Saiyan came here in.
The Saiyan's? But the Saiyan took that one and ran away, didn't he?
We saw the spaceship belonging to that Vegeta guy,
but it was very small, and anyhow you look at it, it had to be a one-seater.
Which means that the spaceship belonging to that other one who died
has to be out there somewhere.
T- that's right! And there's the one that my brother Raditz came in, too!
Come to think of it, that one got destroyed by Gohan...
But anyhow, there's still one of them, right?
If I can find that one and analyze it, I just might come up with something.
It's probably in Metro East.
That's the first place the Saiyans destroyed.
We'll have to go look for it later.
I was thinking that, and picked up a nice little something.
This. I'm sure that Vegeta guy beeped this thing to call his spaceship.
It has to be a remote control!
We can do this! We can definitely do this!
Yay! Yay! Hope is in sight!
Planet Namek or bust!
A destination planet had been settled on.
However, there were still some difficult problems to solve beforehand.
