Attack, Goku!! An Enraged Freeza's Second Transformation
Incredible! He's holding his own against Freeza!
No, he's doing better!
You really are incredible, Piccolo-san!
Just what the hell has happened? It hasn't been that long since he was defeated on Earth!
We might actually be able to get out of this without dying, Gohan!
Right!
Beat that Freeza, who killed so many of us, using the power of Nail-san!
What kind of training has Piccolo undergone? That's the way, stick with him until I get better!
Kaio-sama, with Piccolo powered-up as much as he is, can he defeat Freeza?
If he doesn't beat him for us, we're screwed!
So fast! And I should have the advantage of speed!
Kuririn-san...
How can this be? You mean, he hasn't been taking this seriously up until now?
What's the best step for me to take now? What should I do?
Damn you for making us rejoice prematurely!
Nail-san...
Piccolo! What kind of guy is this Freeza!?
Piccolo...
Kaio-sama?
I told you, they have touched that which should not be touched...
Piccolo...
Sorry about that just now. I didn't give you enough credit.
But you are capable of more than I imagined. I decided to show you some true power.
Which is to say, my true power.
There's no end to his power! Was I really planning to fight against him?
So will I. Let's make this genuine.
What's that?
You're saying you haven't been serious up until now?
I didn't realize that Namekians told fish stories.
You'll find out very soon.
You worthless fool! To have to resort to bluffing at this stage...
l- I get it!
Piccolo's been fighting with that heavy turban and mantle on all this time?
Now realize the fury of all the Namekians who were killed by you!!
Piccolo's Ki is getting stronger again. This strength is the real thing!
He can win! Piccolo-san can win!
Piccolo! We're counting on you!
The situation has changed again!
You've removed those heavy garments and made yourself lighter...
which is supposed to mean your speed has become even more polished?
We'll have to see.
It will take more than this to satisfy the fury of the Namekians!
He did it!
Gohan!
Kuririn-san!
Nail-san!
Nice going, Piccolo-san!
That's the way!
At this rate, Kakarrot may still be in time.
In which case, I may get out of this alive!
And now to finish you off!
Has Freeza...?
You don't suppose...?
Look there!
As tenacious as I expected.
You seem to be laboring under some false impression concerning my true power.
What!?
Did you really think that what I just showed you was serious?
You couldn't have known I'd transformed myself, could you?
Transformed, you say?
I will allow you the same thing I gave to Vegeta and the others...
A feeling of absolute terror towards me.
All right, first I will instill a sense of hopelessness.
A hopelessness from knowing that nothing you can possibly do will help!!
Every time l, Freeza, transform myself, my power substantially grows!
And I still have two more transformations remaining!
Do you know what that means?
What's this?
Impossible!
Gohan, what did he just say?
Freeza can transform two more times.
Now getting married is completely out.
So then, let me show it to you.
You guys should feel honored. You're the first ones I've ever shown this transformation to!
Watch carefully now! Here comes Freeza-sama's second-stage transformation!
I apologize for the delay. Now then, shall we begin the battle once again?
Y- You monster!
H- He hasn't changed all that much, has he?
Idiot! Try probing what his latent power is! It's completely different from a moment ago!
Yet he's settled down again, and he's regained his presence of mind!
He's also lost the damage that Piccolo-san had inflicted on him!
Damn it all! What's going on out there? That Ki of Freeza's has gotten stronger again!
At this point, even once I completely recover, I might not be able to beat him. Now what?
Freeza is a super-monster beyond imagination!
You had such confidence in your speed earlier, did you not?
So then, shall we have another look at it?
You bastard! If you've got the power, I've got the speed! You won't catch up to me in this lifetime!
l- It can't be!
My goodness, it has been too long, my little toddler.
Piccolo-san has lost his speed advantage over Freeza!
Does that mean Freeza's power has gone up that much?
Don't lose, Nail-san!
Thank goodness, you aren't dead! I'll heal you right away!
That's right!
There's still that trick!
It's all over now, isn't it?
Piccolo...
Shall we put an end to this play, then?
D- Damn...
You have realized that, unfortunately enough, the speed you took such pride in
is of utterly no use against me now, have you not?
I would have you give up now!
S- So fast!
Piccolo-san!
They're impossibly fast! There's no way he can dodge them!
Piccolo-san...
Piccolo!
Piccolo!
Stop it!
Gohan!
Gohan! Dammit!
Wait!
What are you doing, Vegeta!?
There's no sense for you to go!
B- But if I don't...
Listen here, at this rate, we're all going to be killed by Freeza!
Never mind him, you blast me half-to-death! Do it now!
Once I get that kid to heal me, and rise from a near-death state one more time,
I'm certain to be able to become a Super Saiyan!
Having transformed a second time, Freeza has become even more powered-up.
Piccolo faces a great pinch, as Gohan leaps to his aid. How will this turn out?
