Keep the Chance Alive!! Piccolo's Suicide Support Strike
What is it? What is he doing?
Why is he just standing there like that, not showing any movement?
Grass, trees, and animals of Namek, as well as all living things in the universe, share your Genki...
just a little bit each is fine... share your Genki with me, please...
You guys don't know how strong Son-kun is!
From the time he was little, he endured ri-igorous training under the Turtle Hermit!
He also won the Tenkaichi Tournament, and such.
He takes care of the bad guys in the blink of an eye!
Get it!?
If Son-kun goes all-out, that strange alien would be finished with one blow!
You're friends with that alien, aren't you?
If you are friends, then it's in that alien's best interest for you to stop him before Son-kun gets serious!
How about you go persuade him?
Make that clear to him! Make it clear!
l- It's huge! Man, is that huge!
Is it really all that huge?
The one on Earth was about this big.
This one's about fifty meters in diameter!
No matter what he's done, he couldn't have made that large a Genki Dama with just the energy of this planet.
Goku must be gathering Ki from planets all over the place!
Freeza still doesn't seem to have realized it.
Why doesn't he attack with that ball right now?
Unless he gathers more Ki, he won't be able to defeat Freeza. That must be what Goku's thinking.
F- Father, hurry! Hurry!
Planets of the universe, lend me your Genki!
What's wrong? You're planning to do something, aren't you? So do it!
That is unless, are you supposed to be raising your hands in surrender?
All the time it takes to gather the Ki required is this technique's greatest weak spot!
Don't let him find out about this for a little while more, please!
ReaCoom!
Butta!
Jheese!
Ghurd!
Together we are...
The Ginyu Special Corps!
That's it! That's it!
Yeah, no matter how many times we do it, our Special Fighting Pose is terrific!
It's a small planet, but still quite a nice place, isn't it? How about we make this our secret hideout for the time being?
That's a Good Idea,
We, the Ginyu Special Corps, will control the Next World as well!
These jerks are warped!
These are the guys that were able to toss even Vegeta around like child's play, the Ginyu Special Corps!
Vegeta!?
Are you folks colleagues of Vegeta-chan, then?
Then this won't take long. We are the Ginyu Special Corps, who collect nebulae for ourselves.
We're not at all like Vegeta!
That's right! If my luck hadn't turned on me, I would have taken that monkey scum out with one shot!
Well, we don't need to dwell on the past.
In any case, we've come to like this planet. You're going to let us stay here.
You guys are an annoyance! You'll have to leave!
Don't you ask such a selfish thing! You guys get out of here!
Yeah, yeah!
These young men here want to have a go at us!
Interesting! And just as we're here wanting to get rowdy on someone!
Whoa, before we do,
hasn't the Commander always said that once we get to a new planet, we should try out our techniques first?
That there are techniques whose effectiveness depend on the place?
That's right! Okay then...
Dammit! How dare you destroy someone else's things!
So, now it's my turn.
- Nicely done! - Ghurd's telekinesis is as good as ever!
Well then, last comes me!
ReaCoom Eraser Gun!!
That he should have that kind of force on this planet, with its tenfold gravity...!
Looks as though we can use all our techniques on this planet too!
- What's all this commotion!? - Kaio-sama!
I will not admit those of you who disrupt this planet!
I will have you leave immediately.
Huh? Some strange old man has come out!
Old man, does this mean you want to play around with us?
You guys wouldn't be able to lay one hand on me.
You seem to enjoy your jokes.
Why don't you test me to see if I'm joking or not?
Okay, then!
Goku's Genki Dama...!
Cut it out already! How long do you intend to just stand there like that?
Good question. How long indeed?
Damn you!!
H- He's found out!
No! Not yet!
So, what's the matter? You were going to attack me somehow, right?
Are you trying to make a fool of me?
A little more...
So, what are you going to do?
- G- Goku! - Father!
Gohan, Kuririn, give over what remaining Ki you have to me!
Give it to me, now!
Right!
Hey, don't be in such a rush!
Don't toy with me, you monkey scum!
Don't think about anything else! Concentrate your Ki!
Right!
I can't tell what Saiyans are thinking. It's the same as it was back then. You're a most unpleasant group.
I have no intention of continuing this uninteresting battle any further.
I'm going to finish both you and this planet off at once.
Just another runt will have died, and the Saiyans will be completely eliminated from this world!
The Super Saiyan was nothing more than a bedtime story after all.
That's not the sun! What is it!?
He found it!
W- What is that!?
It couldn't be... a mass of energy?
Y- You did that!?
All right, that's enough. Save a little Ki for yourselves.
Looks as if he's finally found it out.
Gohan, Kuririn, you two stay here! No matter what happens, stay back!
H- He's been forming that up in the sky!? Where did he find that much remaining power!?
It's no use! Even if I use the Genki Dama now, he will avoid it!
Besides which, that ball still ain't enough to defeat Freeza, dammit!
You were planning to take me by surprise with that? You're so pathetic!
However, even this desperate measure has become worthless!
Too bad!
Damn!
Be gone!
- Piccolo! - Goku, hurry up and complete this Genki Dama of yours!
I owe you one!
Make it fast, Goku! With the power I have, it was all I could do just to blindside him!
Gotcha!
Are you still lurking about, you miserable Namekian!?
So, let's stop the chatter and blow all these guys away!
Ah, wait! I'm leaving this up to you guys!
Y- You wouldn't!
Our opponents are awfully tough!
Ten-san!
Piccolo accomplishes a flawless support strike.
Goku, now is the time! Make that super-giant Genki Dama full!
