We're going to change the location of our battle.
Suit yourself. It will all end up the same.
l should have guessed.
He's following with confidence to spare.
Gohan...
Hey, Gohan!
-Yes? -Let's hurry back to Kame House.
Let's stop worrying about him already. We've left the fate of the earth up to him.
It's okay, Gohan! I'm sure Goku will come through for us!
Come on, let's go. Show your mom that you're all right.
Right.
All right, there won't be any people or animals around here.
I see...
You've chosen here to be your gravesite, have you?
You should be thrilled.
A lower-class warrior such as yourself
is about to be toyed around with by a super-elite, after all.
Saiyans have their warrior ratings examined right after they are born.
When they do, the scum that have lower ratings, such as yourself,
are sent off to planets that do not have terribly formidable opponents.
In other words...
You were a left-behind!
And as a result, I was sent to Earth here?
I should be thankful. But what's more...
Even a left-behind might be able to overcome an elite, if he tries desperately enough.
An amusing joke.
Now then, allow me to show you a barrier that you cannot overcome,
no matter how hard you try!
What's the matter, Kakarrot!? You can do better than this, can't you!?
When you defeated Nappa, you had to have been doing better than this!
Let me see it!
I should have expected as much...
He still ain't the least bit serious,
but his speed and techniques already surpass my own.
Show me what you've got! Or have you already used up all of your power?
You got it. I'll show you!
Kaio-ken!!
If that's the limit of what you've got, then I'll be greatly disappointed!
What a powerful bastard!
And yet,
even though I'm in this kind of trouble, I'm starting to get excited.
I don't see a thing.
What's the matter?
This is because you got violent with it!
What, are you blaming someone else!?
Well it's the truth!
No, no, that's not why, Sis.
It's not because the crystal ball is broken,
it's because the terribly fierce power of their Ki
is concealing them from even the spiritual powers of your crystal ball.
Then, at least they're still fighting, right?
Probably.
I know! If I use that thing, I can tell!
How about it?
There are two large readings to the west.
Just two?
He's smiling. Has he given up, and adopted a defiant attitude?
Or is he poised because he can raise his battle power up even higher?
What's the matter!? Finished already!?
You seem to be at your limit.
In that case, let me show you something, as your dying gift.
The overwhelming power of a super-elite Saiyan!
Let's see it!
That smirk of yours is going to disappear very soon.
What a Ki! It's as if the whole earth is shaking!
As before, images from the site of battle have been completely broken off.
A - as of now, there is no way for us to be able to conceive what is happening,
or indeed if it has all ended.
What Will Become of the Earth!? Now then, changing the schedule a little,
What Will Become of the Earth!? we now join this discussion of What will become of the earth, and what is left for us?
They ultimately don't know anything, do they?
Hey, if you're going to sleep, go sleep at home.
Shut up. Give me another.
Eh? That's your tenth one! Do you have any money?
Tenshinhan is dead and all...
I don't have any need for this money anymore.
Hey, are you all right?
B- by the way, do you have a place to stay? If you like-
I can hear it.
W- what?
Can't you hear that sound!?
W- what are you going on about?
H- hey, look!
W- what is that!?
T- the crows are fleeing from something!
It's like there's a typhoon!
The trembling of the atmosphere has stopped.
A- all the clouds have been blown away, too.
It's over, Kakarrot!
You fool! Behind you!
Kaio-ken times two!!
All right, nice going. Way to avoid it.
Damn... What power and speed! I can't even keep up with him with a 2X Kaio-ken.
I guess I ain't got much choice.
Even if I wreck my body, it's better than dying.
I'll have to raise the Kaio-ken to 3X.
I intentionally made that one easy to dodge for you.
It wouldn't be any fun to have you die on me so easily, after all.
They came close by, so I can't help but come take a look at'em, but what's this?
Both Goku and that bastard're so strong, it's like l'm havin' a bad dream here!
Now then, I wonder how long my body will hold out once I raise the Kaio-ken to 3X...
What's the matter, Kakarrot!? Come get me!
Either way, I have to do it. Ain't no way I can win like this.
Have you lost everything up your sleeve? Looks like you picked the wrong opponent.
I was the number-one most powerful man, even among the Saiyans.
No matter how much training you've done, you're still just a left-behind.
Looks like your time of death has been extended by only a little bit.
T - this is bad. That Saiyan bastard's overwhelmin'ly got it over him.
l'd best be gettin' outta here now, while I can, huh? Yeah, l'd better get goin'.
lt won't do no good for me to be here anyhow.
May my body withstand this! Times-three Kaio-ken!!
No! You can't go any higher than 2X, Son Goku!
Although, there's definitely no way he can win like this.
I never imagined he'd have that much strength.
He may not be able to win this fight.
W- what's going on?
H- has something happened?
I think it's probably Son- kun, but this battle power reading is rising incredibly...
-Goku! -Goku- sa!
17,000... 19,000... 21,000...
It can't be!
W- what?
lgnoring Kaio's warnings, Goku uses a times-three Kaio-ken.
Will Goku's body be able to withstand a battle power beyond its limits?
