Freeza's Terrible Declaration! I Will Defeat You Without Using My Hands
W- What a Ki!
Mid-air battle or ground battle, which are you better at?
Which, you ask? I guess ground battle.
- Where are they going? - They're just changing locations.
They're probably moving to someplace where they can fight to their heart's content.
What incredible guys!
Father...
This means we're going to fight on the ground, where I'm better at it?
- I'm getting good service. - Or is it... you're that confident?
When you look at me this way, I'm very kind.
I know! How about I offer you another great service?
Great service?
I will keep myself from using both my hands!
- How's that? - Both hands? How very generous of you.
So then, can I start us off?
Of course.
Whatever you like.
Ah, I've finally perfected it.
- Well, she sure seems to be in a hurry to depart. - Yes, indeed!
Why are you dawdlin' around!?
Tell me! When exactly can we leave!? While we're all down here like this, my Gohan-chan is...!
Gohan-chan is...!
S- See here, Chichi-san! Calm down!
Yes, indeed!
What are you doin' durin' all this commotion!? Dirty old man!
Not at all, Chichi-san!
Yeah, converting this from a single-seater to a five-seater is quite a chore.
Ah, that reminds me, I haven't decided where to place the stereo speakers.
We don't need that stuff! Hurry up and make this thing go!
The biggest issue there is the energy, you see.
The difficulty is, in order to fill up this spaceship with energy, it's going to take a little time.
So?
- How long's it gonna take? - Well, I just started a moment ago, so... I don't know.
WHAT!?
You know, guys...
How come we have to go to Planet Namek too?
That's the place where Piccolo was born.
On top of that, Vegeta and other, even more terrifying guys will be there!
Yamucha-sama!
l, Pu-Erh vow to go and strike down Yamucha-sama's enemies!
Please just sit tight, okay?
You're not gonna live too long, are you?
Come on! To think, me, goin' to Planet Namek? Don't even kid'bout that! I'm gettin' out while I still...
Thinking of running away by yourself, huh? Not going to be that easy!
Oh dear, what's the matter? Have you finished attacking?
Your motions are too slow!
There, and now from the left.
Next, from the right!
Right! Left! Right!
And the final one, left!
He's strong! Got great speed too, as big as his talk.
- G- Goku... - Father!
It's strange. Here I am fighting someone so incredibly strong, and I'm giddy with excitement!
If you're not going to come at me, then I'll bring it to you again!
You know something, I'm glad I met you! I was getting so bored, and the creatures on this planet are all so weird anyhow...
Ah, sorry, sorry! I've hurt your feelings! You're an exception!
When I first saw all of you clustered around, I was all freaked out, but you alone were different!
That's enough! Who would ever expect me to die here among all these frogs!?
Ah, so gross!
You seemed to have a lot of promise, so I'll let you be my friend!
Do you want to eat some too?
For a frog, you're really eating this stuff, huh? Well then...
Would you eat some of this, too?
It's been a long time since I laughed so hard!
Overall, you really do seem to understand what I'm saying.
Say! If we had a translator device, I bet I could talk to you!
I'm so clever!
It's finished!
That was easier than I expected.
Indeed, the word impossible doesn't exist for a genius like me, Bulma-sama!
- Here goes! - Switch on!
Go on, try saying something! Don't be shy!
CHAAN-GE!!
W- What's this? What is it?
You're the first person I'd encountered in some time, so I tagged along, hoping some kind of chance would come around...
W- What am I doing over there!?
Just what is going on here!?
You have my gratitude, little miss. It's enough that I want to dance the Dance of Joy!
However, this is one unsightly form!
Well then, how about I set out to find a stronger body?
Who would have thought he could have possibly done this much?
Dammit... I can't get free...!
I thought you weren't going to use your hands, right?
The service time has run out.
Well, let me offer my service, if you want to call it that, by giving you some advice.
Advice?
You put too much faith in your own strength. As a result, you leave yourself wide open to attack.
My thanks.
Incredible! Goku's super power is such that not even Freeza is able to appraise it.
With his pride injured, will Freeza's anger explode?
