Hmm? What is he planning to do?
No! Your body won't be able to bear it if you go higher than 2X, Goku!
Times-three Kaio-ken!!
What!?
A- awesome!
Why, you-!
W- why, you-!
H- he can do this! He just might be able to beat him!
Goku's fightin' power readin' has risen, you say?
What on earth is goin' on?
Baba- san, please hurry up and show us how the fight is going!
How is Gohan? How is Gohan!?
I- it's no use! The Ki over there is too strong, and I can't control the power!
You don't suppose Goku has unleashed some technique he's been saving, do you?
Sure! If that's the case, then...
H- he just might win!
I, on the other hand, have a bad feeling about this.
It's said that the flame of a candle burns intensely just before it goes out.
It seems to me that Goku is tremendously overexerting himself.
Don't say anythin' so ill-fated!
l - impossible! How could his - how could Kakarrot's battle power be higher than mine!?
Damn... He's a tough one. If I don't finish this quickly-
Damn! My body can't-!
What're you doin', Goku!? You should just put him away right here'n now!
H- how can I let this happen!? I am super-elite!
There's no way I should be beaten by that lower-class warrior!
I am the greatest in the universe!
My whole body is aching!
Sure enough, it looks like performing a times-three Kaio-ken was asking too much...
lf I dally around, I'll be the one who goes down first!
Blood?
I had my noble blood shed over fighting a piece of trash like that?
This will not stand! This absolutely... absolutely will not stand!!
I don't need this planet anymore!
I'm going to crush you, along with the rest of the Earth!
You're going to what!?
Go ahead and try to dodge this, if you can!
Even if you spare yourself, the Earth will be blown to pieces!
Dammit, he thought this through!
I ain't got no choice but to risk it!
Times-three Kaio-ken...
Ka... me...
ha...
There's absolutely no way you can stop my Gyallic Ho blast!
me...
Let you and the Earth together turn to space dust!
Damn it, man! If I hafta die like this, I should've eaten more meaty buns!
Ha!!
W- what!? It's just like my Gyallic Ho!
Yow, that's hot!
What is this?
T- the power of the Ki from Goku and that other guy
is manifesting itself through the crystal ball!
Kaio-ken... times four!!
No! Goku!
H- he's pushing back-
M- my body!
H- he did it... He did it!
Son! You did it, didn'cha!?
You bastard!
Yajirobe? What are you doing here?
What, you hadn't noticed?
For someone as good as you are, ya sure fought desperately, huh?
I guess so.
Still, you done a good job of blowin' that wicked guy away.
You sure are one helluva dude.
W- what? What's the matter?
I used a technique that was too much for my body to take...
Well, it wasn't nothin' normal, all right.
More importantly, Yajirobe, you'd better get out of here.
H- how come?
D- don't tell me!
He's still alive.
If that's all it would have taken for him to die, there wouldn't be any challenge.
S- still, there's no problem, right? You're stronger'n him, ain'cha?
Like I told you, I overdid it, and now my body is in shambles. I could be near my limit.
O- oh, yeah?
Well, then...
H- hang in there!
Dammit!
Why!? Why is Kakarrot's battle power higher than mine!?
Damn it to hell! I am a Saiyan! I am the strongest in the entire universe!
At this point, as much as I dislike how ugly it is, I'm using my last resort.
I'll transform into a Great Ape, and crush him!
The strength of my Great Ape form is nothing to sneeze at!
Damn it all, we chose the day of the full moon to come here,
so we could wipe out the people on this planet quickly.
To think that I would have to transform just to defeat Kakarrot- it's infuriating!
That's strange. The moon should be out by now...
Saiyan, no matter how hard you look, it won't do any good. The moon is gone.
The one named Piccolo feared this might happen, and eliminated it long ago.
Still, Son Goku can't have very much energy left.
Even if the Saiyan doesn't turn into a Great Ape,
it doesn't change the fact that he's still in a pinch.
Then again, he's become weaker, too. The Genki Dama!
lf you can just hit him with a Genki Dama, the way he is now, you can beat him for sure!
That's strange. He's just going around in circles up there.
Why ain't he coming at me?
It's not here! It's not here! It's not here!
Dammit, the moon isn't anywhere! What's going on!?
So that's it! Dammit! He is one thoroughly aggravating bastard!
Kakarrot must have taken out the moon ahead of time! Then it's unavoidable...
My battle power might drop somewhat, but there doesn't seem to be any other way.
I can't wait to see the look of stunned panic on his face!
He's finally coming back down.
The only way I can beat him is with the Genki Dama.
Am I going to be able to mentally focus myself for that?
Kakarrot...
You might have thought you could outwit me by getting rid of the moon, but it won't work!
The moon?
What are you talking about?
As if you didn't know! Are you aware of why we can transform during a full moon?
Transform?
The light from the moon is what gets reflected from the sun.
Sunlight contains Bruits waves only when it is reflected back by the moon.
During a full moon, those Bruits waves reach a level of over 17 million zeno.
What is he talking about?
When over 17 million zeno's worth of Bruits waves are absorbed by our eyes,
it triggers a reaction in our tails,
and our transformation begins!
A limited number of Saiyans are able to create an artificial full moon
that emits over 17 million zeno.
Things are not going to go as you expected! Even if you have eliminated the moon,
by mixing this planet's oxygen with my Power Ball...
Sorry to keep you waiting, Kakarrot.
The time of your death has finally come.
A lower-class warrior like you should not have challenged a super-elite to battle!
The moment that strange light started glowing, his Ki dropped.
What the hell is he planning to go this far to do?
What!?
Burst open and blend together!
What is that?
What!? What have you done!?
I- it can't be! He's created a moon!
You're going to regret losing your tail, Kakarrot!
Is this the end?
W- what's that?
Transforming himself into a Great Ape,
Vegeta resorts to the final measure available to him.
Does Goku have any chance of beating him?
