'I Will Be the One Who Wins... Risking Survival, A Final Attack'
What's wrong!? Are you so afraid you'll wear yourself out you can't put out your full power!?
Don't get...
Don't get so...
You underestimated me, didn't you? Let me tell you that this is still not my full power!
That was only about 70 percent.
And, starting now...
I'll settle this with my full power in one minute-no, thirty seconds!
It's no good! I can't find Bulma-san's Ki at all!
And you know, something is beginning to happen to this planet! Something beyond hope!
Besides which, Freeza's Ki seems to again be getting greater! What can it mean?
W- whatever happens, you just watch me live through this!
Somebody, hurry and come save me! Please!
Incredible! His Ki is billowing up and filling him out!
So this is finally the realization of his 100 percent power, is it?
What are you doing, Goku!?
Goku, can you hear me!? Hey!
Now! Now is your chance! Now, while Freeza concentrates his power, is your chance to attack!
Hey, Goku! Do you not hear my voice!?
That can't be possible! Goku, now is your only-
I do hear you, Kaio-sama.
There's no doubt, I probably ain't going to get a second chance at this.
That chance to see with my own eyes the strongest scumbag in the universe at his full power, that is.
W- what did you say!?
Goku, are you even aware of what you are saying?
Hey! What the hell is the matter with you!?
And...win!
Such foolishness! This isn't a game, Goku!
I am going to avenge Kuririn! He has died twice! He cannot return to life, even with the Dragonballs!
Kuririn was a good guy!
A really good guy.
My very best friend!
And he blew him to bits...
But there's no reason to wait for him to reach full power!
Besides, what about Gohan and the others?
It's all right. Gohan and the others will be saved.
Where are you? Where are you, Bulma-san!?
N- no way! I don't want to die in a place like this!
Gohan-kun!
What have you all been up to!? I was nearly worried out of my mind!
What exactly is up with this planet!? Leaving me behind by myself in such a dangerous place!
What is going on with Kuririn and Son-kun!?
I'll explain what's happening later. Right now, we have to hurry!
Hurry? To where? I know, the spaceship Son-kun came in, right!? We can go home now, right!?
-Yeah. -Hooray!
Where's Gohan-chan!? What's happenin' to Gohan-chan!?
There's only two reasons this high-performance monitor would stop sending images.
The first case is the spaceship has been vaporized.
The second case...
is that something irregular is affecting Planet Namek's axis, causing fluctuations in its magnetic field,
thus causing electromagnetic waves to become unstable.
What kind of conditions are those?
Uh, you might call it a portent of the destruction of Planet Namek. In any case, Goku and Gohan-kun...and even Bulma...
Freeza, the reason I'm waiting for you to reach your full power like this,
is because I want to demolish you when you're at your best!
That's so I won't have any regrets as a warrior.
As for you, you must have come to want to try out your full power, right?
Otherwise, you would have blasted the planet again and finished it off.
K- Kaio-sama?
That guy is no longer Son Goku. He is now a warrior of fury, a Super Saiyan.
Sorry to keep you waiting. This is the full power you wanted.
There ain't time. Let's settle this quickly!
Contemptible fool!
W- what!?
I- Impossible! That I should lose sight of them-what speed!
Too slow!
He vanished!
Behind you!
How about that? That was just me warming up for my final attack!
I'd hope so...
At such a level, I was just about to become disappointed.
The time limit is up shortly.
Can Goku settle his fight with Freeza at his full power?
