A Nightmare Super-Transformation!! Freeza's Battle Power of One Million
What kind of transformation is this? You're making us laugh!
To think that taking that off to become more nimble is your idea of transforming...
Vegeta-san, I am so disappointed in you. And after I looked after you the way I did.
If only you had peaceably submitted to me, you would not have to experience this horror now.
What are you babbling about? I never submitted myself to you!
I was just pretending to submit, all the while waiting for the right moment to come along, so I could defeat you!
Yes, that is one of the poor habits you Saiyajins had.
Take your own father,
the king of Planet Vegeta, who was the same way.
What's this? You say the occupation of Planet Tapp is still not complete?
Y- Yes, sir. The Tappans' resistance is proving tougher than we anticipated.
They say it will take another three days to complete the occupation.
Three more days!?
Yes, sir. My humblest apologies.
Why, you! Have you forgotten that we promised Freeza-sama the planet by tomorrow!?
No, I would never do such a thing! However, the full moon on Tapp will not appear for three more days.
Be gone.
Be gone! And let nothing remain!
As barbaric as always, I see.
I did not mind if it took another three days.
You've done something unfortunate here.
Nonetheless, I came to speak about your son.
When do you intend to bring him to me?
Well, that is...
I know! You will please bring him in three days' time,
along with your announcement of the successful occupation of Planet Tapp.
You need not worry that I will not pamper him.
King Vegeta, are you really going to deliver the prince to Freeza-sama?
Yeah.
But won't you be risking the prince's life?
I'm not concerned about things such as my son's life!
What I find unbearable is his attitude!
He has the mistaken idea that we Saiyajins are his slaves or something!
King Vegeta!
Curse you, Freeza!
Someday, we'll teach you a lesson!
You really do resemble your dearly departed father, both in your appearance and in your foolishness.
Foolish, you say?
That is right. If your father had not tried such a foolish stunt,
the Saiyajins would have gotten off without being exterminated.
Listen up, you guys.
Freeza is afraid of us Saiyajins ganging up in large groups.
If you elite warriors combine your powers as one, we are certain to defeat him!
Let's show him just how strong we Saiyajins are!
Freeza-sama,
some Saiyajins, including the Royal family, have just arrived and are requesting an audience with you.
Freeza-sama?
Lately, there have been some disquieting tendencies among the Saiyajins, yes?
Yes, sir.
They are indeed becoming quite an eyesore.
They are fools.
Quickly, men! Freeza is in here!
Take this!
Zarbon-san, open the door.
You will show the Saiyajins in.
Yes, sir.
A little exercise may be good for me.
Where is Freeza!?
I'll kill you, and rule the universe myself!
Are you sure it will be as simple as that?
Are your men not trembling with fear even now?
Aw, crap.
King Vegeta!
Your king has just been defeated, do you sirs not wish to avenge him?
Was that the best that even Saiyajins could do?
Freeza-sama, are you uninjured?
I did not even need to transform myself.
Now then, shall we be off?
We are going to go watch the fireworks of Planet Vegeta.
How wonderful!
Watch this, Zarbon-san, Dodoria-san!
Watch these beautiful fireworks!
I wanted to show it to you, too.
The fireworks of Planet Vegeta.
What a load of bull! If you were really afraid of us Saiyajins,
simply blowing up Planet Vegeta would be a completely fruitless measure.
I'm right, aren't I? I mean, you let me survive, after all!
Not to mention Kakarotto...
That's enough talk out of you.
So then, shall I begin the next part?
Your dearly departed father never saw this form.
What!?
What's this? What does he think he's doing?
Why me? Why am I the only one that has to go through this?
This isn't funny, for crying out loud.
W- What's this? What's going on?
Help me!
What... what's going on here?
What!?
Impossible! This can't be!
We'll be killed!
I- It's a nightmare!
Watch out, now! In this form, I won't be as gentle as I was before.
W- What a Ki!
W- What's this? The strength of Freeza's Ki has just increased several times over!
Oh, no!
Gohan!
Vegeta, what happened to those high spirits you were in a moment ago?
You were spouting off all sorts of demands, weren't you?
Well, I really can't blame you. Not after having been shown my overwhelming power.
Th- This guy's incredible!
Like I said, watch out!
You see, I have a lot more power now, and I might just overdo things a little.
Incidentally, my battle power is now probably over 1,000,000.
Wh- What!?
Unbelievable!
N- Not even you could reach that high!
If you think I'm lying, I'll show you!
Dende!
No!
What's this!?
Freeza, you low-life, what have you done!?
What is the deal with this planet!?
Krillin-san?
What happened to Krillin-san?
Right here!
Y- You're bleeding!
It's nothing. I just got clipped by a flying rock fragment.
You all fled from that more quickly than might be expected. You have my praise.
However, that was just my way of saying hello.
Even a Saiyajin could have done that.
Damn you!
That's such a pitiful face you're wearing, Vegeta.
I'd guess that you never imagined I could become this powerful.
Now then, which one of you should I show to Hell first?
I've decided!
Krillin-san!
So... fast!
All too abruptly, Krillin is run through by Freeza.
Is this the strength of Freeza?
Krillin-san!
