Mother...
I can't do anythin' at all with Goku- sa!
I'm sure that right now, he's keepin' Gohan up, no doubt about it!
And right now is the most important time for him, too!
With everyone gathered at the Kame House,
there's not a single person who can serve as a good example for Gohan!
Goku- sa has to know that it's not good for him from an educational standpoint!
I can see from this how Gohan's future is goin' to be.
l've really had it this time.
There's no way that I can tell them that Goku has died now...
l guess that for me to return to the Kame House would be best for now.
Goku- sa...
Eat some more. We've got barbecued elephant this time...
No need to be shy. You can start by gnawin' on its head...
Goku...
Nobody would have been able to tell them, right?
Wah! It's too bright!
I can't get down! And I'm hungry!
If you're hungry, you can just climb down from there and find something to eat.
What? You couldn't tell them?
I'm very sorry.
Don't tell me you didn't say anything!
No...
What's the use? Geez, you're so spineless!
T- that's easy for you to say,
but if any normal person saw Chichi- san's face,
they'd be unable to tell her!
Oh? So you're saying that I'm no normal person!?
T- that's not what I meant...
Well, I suppose it's no surprise.
But we can't just keep quiet like this.
If we wrote her a letter explaining what happened,
perhaps she would understand.
R- right! That will work!
By the way, Kuririn, what about the Dragon Balls?
There were two of them at Son- kun's house, right?
I forgot.
You're good for nothing!
I wonder what happened to Kuririn.
Chichi, don't get so worked-up, I tell ya. Kuririn was just-
Pa, would you shut up!?
He told me he'd be sure to be back by nighttime!
Goku ain't been to the Kame House in a long time.
He must've just accidentally lost track of time talkin' about the old days!
That may be fine for Goku- sa, but Gohan has his cram school!
D- don't be silly! Gohan is four years old!
It won't hurt for him to skip just one day of cram school.
You're too soft, Pa!
In these coming times, it's those who can study that will win out!
Chichi! Chichi! I ain't fastened in!
I wonder if this is it...
Hey there, it's finally finished!
How nice of you guys to be napping around at a time like this!
Now then, you there, Grandpa Turtle, stand on up.
G- Grandpa Turtle?
I changed the display numbers to make it easier to understand.
Let's see, 139...
139? I'm not as young as that!
This is the number that represents your strength, Muten Roshi- sama.
The number that represents my strength? Whoa, that's an incredible device.
It can even tell that?
B- Bulma- san, what would my number be?
Amazing! It says 206!
Muten Roshi- sama, I really have surpassed you, huh?
H- hey, are you sure it's not malfunctioning?
Malfunctioning?
That could not be.
Just 0.001!
It's not malfunctioning, all right!
Yahoo!
Is that right?
I don't mean to brag, but when it comes to my skills-
Hey! Hey!
Who could it be, this early?
Hey, I say, hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey!
Who's out here calling to us so unusually?
It's me!
Y- you're that guy who was at Karin- sama's place,
as I recall- Armadillo!
That's Yajirobe, ya dumb bastard!
I'll just betcha ya got my name wrong on purpose!
What're ya doin' buildin' a house way out here?
Makes it a real hassle to find.
I came here at Karin's askin' to give ya a message.
A message from Karin- sama?
I know the whole situation, he says.
So you, along with that Yamucha guy,
and that Ten-whatever-guy and Chaozu are to come immediately.
Everyone is to go to Karin-to Tower?
What for?
Kami- sama, see, is gonna give us trainin', he says. I'm in there with ya too.
R- really!?
Yeah. For my part,
I told'em that I don't wanna fight no whatever-their-face-is aliens,
but they says I gotta do it no matter what. I've had it with'em.
U- understood! I'll go find everyone and head there right away!
Catch ya later. I told ya everythin', that's for sure.
Oh yeah, right. I forgot.
Goku says not to bring him back to life'fore those enemies come.
W- why not?
He says he's gonna train in the Other World.
If ya wanna know details,
some old hag named Uranai Baba's supposed to be along pretty soon. Ask her.
W- what? When?
T- training in the Other World?
O- of all things!
Huh?
He turned around again.
It's a different kind of plane.
Ahoy! Muten Roshi- sama!
It's Chichi and Gyumao!
Muten Roshi- sama, what do we do!?
I still haven't written their letter!
Muten Roshi- sama,
it's been a terribly long time! Have you been well?
I- I suppose so.
-Y- yikes... -Y- yikes...
My Goku- sa and Gohan are supposed to be here!
Where are they? Are they inside the house?
U- um, the f- fact of the matter is...
He was taken away by Piccolo Daimao!?
W- what happened to Goku!?
He d- died...
Chichi! Steady!
Hey! Hey!
Let me down!
Hey!
They're gone...
Mother... Father... I can't get down...
What have we here?
You don't have to run away. I won't do anything mean to you.
Hold on...
Ah, so that's how you get down. But still...
I want to get down!
Urinating, huh?
Why is this happening to me?
Why is it this bright out?
It's the moon!
Wow! It's completely round!
This is the first time I've ever seen a full moo-
What is it?
What!?
I- impossible!
What's going on!? He's got extraordinary destructive power!
A- at this rate, earth will be annihilated before the Saiyans even get here!
How can this be?
Don't play stupid! It is when the moon is at its fullest
that we Saiyans are at our best, you know!
That's it!
lt's the full moon!
Get lost!
T- to think that he could transform! It must be his Saiyan blood.
I get the feeling that I've discovered the secret to him and Son Goku's strength.
Looks like blowing the moon away was the right thing to do.
I shudder to think of those Saiyan guys turning into monsters like that.
He said something or other about their tails,
but it appears that both the tails and a full moon are required to transform.
Maybe I'll pull out his tail, too.
There's no need to worry about him transforming like this,
but Saiyan tails seem to be their weak spots.
All right, then.
I think I'll provide him clothes and a sword at no charge...
I'll let you have the same design as your father's.
Although the character may be a little different.
I have to go do my own training. I'm leaving now.
If you can survive here without anything happening to you for six months,
I, Piccolo- sama, will personally put you through some hellish training!
So much so that you'll come to believe you'd be better off dying!
Brace yourself!
I'll also turn you into an outstanding Demon Clansman!
The goal is to bring down the Saiyans. Separated by time and space,
the harsh trials that both the sleeping father and son must face
continue on and on.
