This will be the last day of your training.
Your joke studies might have been a little lacking,
but I think I've taught you the gist of it.
Let's review everything up to now. Try it all out.
First up, Bubbles...
Ready!
Start!
Next up, Gregory...
Right!
Ready!
Start!
Here I go!
Huh?
Unbelievable!
Okay, what's next?
All right! Last up, the Genki Dama check.
I've been waiting for this!
All right, ready, Kaio- sama!
Okay then, here goes!
Try locking onto this giant brick at super-speed.
Okay! Super-speed!
No trouble at all!
Nicely done, Son Goku.
I honestly didn't think you'd be able to handle the Genki Dama as well as this.
I really worked hard at it!
I know it's tedious hearing this so many times,
but the Genki Dama is a technique that takes
all of the Genki energy from grass and trees,
from people and animals,
and even things and the atmosphere, and allocates a little bit
from each of their energies, concentrates it, and shoots it.
Even a Genki Dama from a planet as small as this
had that kind of destructive force.
The earth, where you'll be fighting,
is so much larger than this planet, it doesn't even compare.
You can also harness the support of the sun's enormous energy.
It will be a Genki Dama of incredible power.
If you slip up,
it wouldn't be too hard to destroy the very planet you're trying to protect.
If you can help it, don't use it at all, although I will permit you
to use it one time, if there's nothing else you can do. Got it?
Got it! I'm sure I can manage using just the Kaio-ken technique!
That's it! The day of battle is nearly at hand.
The Saiyans will land on Earth tomorrow.
Oh, hell!
W-what!? What's wrong!?
Well, it's just that- I didn't figure the time it would take
for you to go down the Serpentine Road again into my calculations.
K- Kaio- sama, you mean you can't send me whooshing back to the Lower Realm!?
No...
I- I have to travel back down that road again!?
It took me all of half a year just to come here!
Well, as you are now, you can get there in two days.
I'll tell Earth's Kami to come and pick you up.
That will still be a day too late! Everyone will be killed!
Stop your griping! Even I make mistakes sometimes!
Now, hurry and tell your friends on Earth
to use those Dragonball things to have you brought back to life!
Tell them!? How!?
Put one of your hands on my back, and speak to them inside your mind.
That will get through to them.
R- really?
Like this?
Hurry and tell them!
O - Old Timer! lt's Goku! Can you hear me? Hey, Old Timer!
Nice! What a hot gal!
G- Goku!? Goku, is that you!? W- where are you!? Where are you!?
He heard me! Old Timer, l'm still in the Next World.
l'm talking to you with my mind from here.
The Next World?
Have you gotten all the Dragonballs together?
Y- yeah. We've had them together for a while now, just to save you.
We all searched for them like mad.
Thanks! So, I hate to ask, but could you summon Shen Long,
and get me brought back to life?
The Saiyans are going to be on Earth tomorrow!
W- what!?
T- tomorrow, already? That's a whole month sooner than we thought.
Hurry, Old Timer.
l'm going to be a little late, but I promise you, l'll manage something!
Hey, Goku!
Um, you're hurting me...
I'm sorry!
A- all right, you got it! By the way, Goku, how did it go?
I heard you were training there in the Next World. How did that turn out?
Fantastic!
That's a relief to hear.
Hey, is he all right?
Old Man Turtle Hermit is muttering to himself in the bathroom.
I wonder if he's gone senile...
Hey! Get the Dragonballs ready, now!
That was amazing, Kaio- sama! I got right through to him!
Well, sure you did.
I can finally come back to life.
All right. Now, while you're waiting to be brought back to life,
let me do something about those heavy, tattered clothes of yours.
Really?
Awesome! They've gotten lighter!
They're not just lighter; they're made from a wonderfully hard-wearing fabric.
It will even deflect your more minor attacks.
Thank you, Kaio- sama!
Terrific! The turtle mark is still in its place!
I was worried that my clothes would look ugly, like yours, Kaio- sama!
Well, excuse me.
I hope they bring me back to life soon!
The mark on your back is the most stylish point on the outfit, right?
Yeah!
What's wrong with you!? You can't defeat your enemy by just dodging him!
Oh, no! I must have inadvertently hit him a little too hard.
That's not fair. You said you wouldn't use your eyes.
Don't be presumptuous! You think that sort of promise is valid when you're fighting!?
But Piccolo- san, you're not the enemy.
Okay... come forth, Shen Long!
It's the middle of the day, yet suddenly it's gotten dark!
Don't touch me!
N- no matter how many times you see it, it's still scary, huh?
Speak forth thy wish. I shall grant thee any one wish.
S- say, um, asking for you to defeat the Saiyans and save the earth...
would be useless for us to wish for, huh?
What are you talking about!? Do you mean to let Son- kun stay dead!?
I- it's not that!
It would be simpler this way, and we could always wish Goku back the next time!
That wish is not possible. I was created of Kami.
As such, I cannot grant a wish that surpasses Kami's power.
Then, please bring Son Goku back to life.
That will be an easy wish to grant.
Son Goku is about to come back to life, huh?
Which would mean that the Saiyans are coming sooner than we expected!
All right! The ring over your head has vanished! You're alive again!
They did it!
-Move quickly! -Right!
Remember, your foes are villains who are more powerful than you can imagine.
They won't allow you to be careless for even an instant.
You can't go thinking you can always be brought back to life again!
That's okay. You can only be brought back to life with the Dragonballs once.
I'm going to go at them as hard as I can! Watch me!
Thanks for everything, Kaio- sama! If I die, I'll come see you again.
Bubbles!
Gregory!
Take care!
Bye, now!
Bye!
That guy must have bottomless strength!
And yet, his heart is clearer than crystal.
To think that there's a guy like that in the lower realm...
He has become even stronger than you, hasn't he, Kaio- sama?
Still, his sense of humor was lacking somewhat.
Next time he comes here, I'll train him more on that.
Whoo! So light, so light!
My body feels as light as downy fluff!
That's right!
This ain't any time to be impressed! l've got to hurry!
And so, the next day, at 11:43 in the morning,
the earth at last yielded itself to the two Saiyans' incursion.
Papa, I'm hungry.
Is it that late already?
W- what was that?
What happened?
T- this is a surprise!
It looks like something fell down here!
T- that's it, all right! That round thing fell down here!
There's one over here, too!
It's a person!
There's a person coming out of it!
Over here, too!
It's a person!
W- what the-?
So, the Saiyans have finally come.
Their Ki is enormous, huh, Piccolo- san?
T- Ten- san...
They're here a lot sooner than we thought.
At last, the dreaded day had arrived.
