He vanished?
This is Kami's doing, I'll bet.
This is something he would be capable of.
I wonder what he intends to do with him.
Nevertheless, if it is Kami- sama, then we can relax.
In any case, we need to hurry and gather the other six balls,
and bring Goku back to life.
Good grief! At a critical time like this,
I wonder where Yamucha and the others have gone off to!
You were the one who chased him away, weren't you?
But then again, how did Son- kun's brother know where he was so easily?
It's that strange device he has attached to his face.
It seems to be able to tell an opponent's strength and location.
Kuririn?
Right.
Here.
That thing, huh? Kuririn, remove it, would you?
S- sure. H- he's not about to come back to life or anything, right?
So this here does that...
This is an incredible mechanism!
It's a little bit damaged, but I think I can do something with it.
You sure are incredible, Bulma- san.
Once I take this back, study it, and make some alterations,
we just might be able to find out
where Yamucha and Tenshinhan and the others are.
Whatever we do, let's go back to the Kame House for the time being.
Right. There's nothing more we can do here, huh?
Okay then, right after that, I'll go looking for the Dragon Balls.
Piccolo, what do you plan to-
Just like a lizard's tail!
You guys search for the Dragon Balls.
Kami doesn't have the kind of power it takes to restore life.
However, I'm going to be taking charge of Son Goku's son there.
What?
You're kidding, right!? What do you plan to do with him!?
I know what it is!
You're planning to eat him, huh!?
Eat him!?
W- what are you going to do?
This Gohan kid should give us some powerful fighting potential,
depending on the training he gets.
For us to confront the two Saiyans who are to arrive here in another year,
we're going to need his power.
To that end, I'm going to have to train him.
Y- you can't seriously be saying that...
I'm not sure if that's going to be agreeable, you know?
We'll first have to take it up with Goku, as well as his mother, Chichi...
We don't have the time to spare for that!
Keep up that bickering, and I'll take him away,
even if it means killing you to do so!
After a year has passed, I'll be coming to your house, together with this kid.
When Son Goku comes back to life,
tell him he can wait in expectation until then.
I don't know... I don't know about this...
He's going to die! Even if he's lucky, he's still going to become a delinquent!
Goku and Chichi- san are going to be upset.
And so, about that same time, in the Other World...
Okay, okay, all of you spirits,
please remain orderly in line!
Okay, you there! Do not form two lines!
Be sure to maintain one orderly line, please!
to ask that he be allowed to train.
If you please, Great King Yama- sama, allow him to call on Kaio- sama.
Son Goku, huh? Indeed, his achievements have been outstanding.
So you're asking that someone
who could go to heaven be allowed to put himself at risk of danger,
travel the Serpentine Road, and meet with Kaio- sama, then?
Yes.
Say, does everyone come here when they die?
That's right.
Even aliens?
Mm-hmm. All who die have judgment passed upon them here,
to determine whether they are to go to heaven or hell.
Hey! Just a little bit before me, did a guy named Raditz wash up here?
N- now look here! You need to say did he come through?
He was here, all right. He was your brother, huh?
He's now hell-bound, of course.
Didn't he raise a commotion?
He did, he did! He did raise a commotion, but I put him down!
You sure are strong, huh? You took care of somebody that awesome?
Maybe I should get Pops here to train me!
Shh! Your voice is too loud!
You shouldn't be addressing Yama- sama in that tone!
But...
Keep quiet! Kaio- sama is even stronger.
I heard that, Kami of Earth!
When you die, maybe I ought to send you to hell.
P- please forgive me! Surely, I never thought that would reach your ears!
I should have expected as much of someone who has the devil's own ears.
Just kidding!
You've got no sense of humor, huh?
Nope.
Very well. If you wish to go that badly,
you may go to where Kaio- sama is.
T- thank you very much.
I'll call a guide over for you. Leave through there and wait for him.
Okay!
However... I can't be responsible for you if you fall from the Serpentine Road.
All right then, good luck. This whole year will be a challenge, after all.
Right! I ain't sure what's going on,
but anyhow, I'll go see this Kaio- sama guy.
Thanks! Say hi to Mister Popo for me!
Then again, our Earth has drawn the attention of some rather egregious folks.
We might indeed be in for some real trouble this time.
Even if we were to petition Shen Long to dispose of them,
he probably wouldn't be able to win out
against the incredible power of the Saiyans.
Even if Son Goku does get trained by Kaio-sama,
just how much will he improve?
Our one and only salvation is Goku's son. How is Piccolo going to raise Son Gohan?
And in this limited time, how will -
Shut up!!
You're disturbing me! Would you go home already!?
Hey, what's taking so long?
E- excuse me! Please excuse me!
Thank you for your patience.
I will now guide you to where the Head of the Serpent is.
The Serpentine Road is very long! Are you in healthy shape?
Nope. I'm dead, so I ain't in very healthy shape at all, am I?
Say, what kind of person is Kaio- sama?
Ah yes, Kaio- sama is the gentleman
that stands above all the Kami- sama throughout the universe.
I'm sure he must be strong, then!
We can't very well not say anything about this to Chichi.
Kuririn, go on over there and explain the situation to her for us.
M- me!?
She appears to be an education-minded-mama, so you're going to get killed for sure.
Hello? Hello?
Aloha! Turtle- chan is currently not at home.
If there's something I can do for you, please wait until the sound of the beep-
Well, I never! Where have they gone off to!?
And here I've come all this way to see my grandson...
Knowin' Goku- sa and those others,
they're teachin' Gohan how to do somethin' dangerous, I'm sure of it!
Well, that's okay, ain't it? Children should be a li'l bit naughty.
Nothin' doin'!
If they're up to that and his mind goes numb on him,
-then what are we goin' to do!? -Don't be silly!
No, if he goes learnin' the martial arts,
before long, he'll get kicked in the chin or somethin',
and he'll get himself thrown into the ocean!
And then, and then, a man-eater will catch his scent, or perhaps,
he'll drift ashore to some uninhabited island!
He'll get hungry, and as he's tryin' to grab some bananas,
he'll get bitten by a snake,
and the poison will circulate to his brain, and then... and then...
after his mind has gone numb, what will we do!?
Okay, we're here.
This is the Serpentine Road, then?
Yes.
What do I do from here?
Earnestly press on as you travel along this serpent, if you please.
It leads to where Kaio- sama is. Yes indeed.
It sure looks long.
Yes. According to legend, it's approximately one million kilos long.
A million kilos!? Has anyone ever reached the end?
As I recall, in the last billion years,
Great King Yama has been the only one, yes indeed.
That older guy, huh?
Well, even so, as long as there's someone who has reached the end,
I might be able to manage something too.
Please be absolutely careful not to fall off into the clouds.
After all, beneath the clouds is where hell is,
and you will never return again.
Oh, really?
Rats, I should have brought a bento lunch or something.
That's all right, sir. You are already dead,
so I doubt there's any chance of you starving to death. Yes indeed.
Oh, yeah!
Okay, then...
Oh, that's right! I have a favor I'd like to ask!
Do you know Uranai Baba?
Yes. She comes by once in a while.
Thank goodness! The next time she comes, right?
Ask her to tell Old Timer Turtle Hermit
not to bring me back to life for one year for me.
Understood. Let's see, one year... the Turtle Hermit- sama, right?
Okay, guess I'll go now.
So in short, all I have to do is not fall off the snake, right?
Yes, be sure not to.
Bukujutsu!!
That's cheating...
Wake up already, son of Son Goku!
We need to talk. Come up out of the water!
Who are you? Father?
Father! Where are you!? Save me! Father! Father!
Father! I'm scared! I'm scared!
Sheesh, you dirty brat!
Don't give me any trouble!
Stop your bawling! If you don't get quiet, I'm going to snap your neck!
Ready? Listen close to what I have to say.
First, your father has died.
You remember a little bit of that, right? In order to defeat that man,
he sacrificed himself.
R- run away, Gohan! Run away!
Father...
Whoa, now, don't you cry! I really will snap your neck!
You've heard about the Dragon Balls from your father, right?
Goku's friends should be gathering them to bring him back to life.
However, that's not what the problem is.
We managed to deal with the guy who kidnapped you,
but in a year from now,
it seems that some even more terrible friends of his will be coming.
Once they do, then even with having Son Goku returned to life,
there's absolutely no chance of us winning with just him and myself.
We need your power too. Train yourself to learn the tactics of fighting,
and defend the Earth!
Me? You can't mean it! I can't fight at all!
Apparently, you still haven't realized it yourself.
The power that you have locked within you is something else.
That's why we're going to draw out that power through training,
until you can use it effectively.
It can't be... I don't have any power like that.
You want to see some proof?
W- what are you doing!?
Ow! That hurts! That hurts! Stop it! That hurts!
That hurts! Stop it! It hurts! It hurts! It hurts!
Here you go!
Come on! Show me that power you have locked away!
W- what the-?
W - what a surprise! This is more than I imagined!
l've got mixed feelings about this.
Here I am about to raise someone
who could turn out to be my most fearsome opponent in the future.
That's... what I did?
That's right. Looks like you've more or less realized it now.
When your emotions become considerably raised,
the natural power that you have locked up inside you is exhibited.
However, it only lasts for an instant. We can't beat them like that!
I'm going to drill into you the way to fight,
and turn you into the greatest warrior ever. You got that?
But I don't want to learn to be a martial artist.
I want to be a great scholar.
So become one. Just do it after we've defeated the two Saiyans
who will be coming in a year.
They're planning to exterminate every person on Earth.
If they do that, your future's not going to be worth crap, is it?
But I'm scared...
Stop your griping! You want to get killed right now!?
We don't have time! We're going to begin right now!
Take off your tunic immediately!
Once Father comes back to life, I want to be taught by Father.
That's too bad. He certainly is strong,
but he's not at all cut out to be a teacher.
He doesn't have any of the firmness it takes to handle others.
You can easily tell that just by looking at how spoiled you are!
Huh?
Uh oh, I've used up too much strength, and now I can't fly any more.
His own son's grief aside,
Goku presses on in earnest along the long road in search of Kaio-sama's guidance.
