An Explosion of Anger!! Goku, Avenge Everyone's Deaths
W- What's with his transformation?
Saiyans are only supposed to turn into great apes.
W- What does this mean?
Quickly, Gohan. If Piccolo dies, Kami-sama dies too. You must know what that would mean.
- Father! - Don't concern yourself about me! I will be sure to return to Earth later!
B- But how will you? If we take your spaceship back...
Don't argue! Do you want to annoy me!?
Father...
Thank you! Thank you, Father!
I'll be waiting. I'll be waiting for you to appear in good shape, Father!
There's no way I'm letting you get away like that.
Enough is enough, you scumbag!
You've killed so many blameless people, one after the other...
You even killed Kuririn...!
W- Why do you have this kind of power?
Don't tell me... don't tell me you're...!
Father, I understood! What Vegeta was saying is true, isn't it?
Father, you've become one. A Super Saiyan!
That's strange...
There aren't any malfunctions anywhere.
Aren't you done fixin' it yet!?
While we're here doin' this, Gohan-chan's growin' more and more delinquent!
What's the matter, ol' timer?
You've got such a serious look on yer mug.
I want to go see Gohan now!
It's nothing. I just had a strange, uneasy feeling is all.
'Bout what?
Goku. I'm worried that as a result of his getting so strong, he's become a double-edged sword.
What're you talkin''bout?
A double-edged sword can deliver a powerful blow to an opponent, but it can also deliver the same kind of blow the other way.
Yeah, what about it?
What about it? Up until now, he's fought so many powerful opponents, one after another. As a result, he's gotten so strong.
But supposing this Freeza guy turns out to have the ultimate in strength...
Supposin' he does?
As he fights against someone his equal, Goku just might...
Ah, on the other hand, maybe I'm worrying unnecessarily.
I am furious with you, Freeza!
You talk like you're so self-important.
You say I've killed the blameless?
Are you trying to say that what you Saiyans have done up to now was so right?
That's why we were destroyed.
I'm the one who destroyed you.
All of you of monkeys got on my nerves.
And now I'm going to destroy you.
Me, Freeza-sama?
Don't let things go to your head. There's no way you can win.
Even supposing you were a Super Saiyan.
Father...
I ain't forgiving you, even if you apologize.
Dammit!
Y- You dodged it! T- There's no way you could have!
W- Why you...!
If only I could hit you, you'd be...!
Hit me and see.
W- What did you...?
Mock me, will you!?
You can destroy whole planets, but it seems you can't even destroy a single man, huh?
W- Wh- What the hell are you!?
As you are surely well aware...
I am the Saiyan who came from Earth to defeat you.
Despite my calm, quiet heart, I am the legendary warrior, awakened by intense anger.
I am the Super Saiyan, Son Goku!!
The transcendent power of a Super Saiyan!
Goku, now is the time to avenge everyone!
