How I've Waited for this Moment!! Son Goku Revived
I can see you!
What!?
No way!
His speed is...
Damn! To think that Freeza still hasn't gone all-out yet...
What a monster!
Vegeta, quite frankly, using the attacks and speed you just did,
there's no way you can win against me.
As I recall, you said something about being a Super Saiyajin.
If you are as you say,
does that mean that's the best the strongest in history can do?
Up until this point, I could see him...
Don't make me laugh.
The Super Saiyajin is then no more than a trivial legend after all.
Does this mean I've reached my limit? Have I not yet become a Super Saiyajin?
Or for that matter, is Freeza an opponent not even a Super Saiyajin can beat?
Nonsense! There's no reason that should be so!
Vegeta...
How can such a thing be!?
Such a thing... could never be!!
You fool.
I see you!
I see you, Freeza!
Vegeta, you...
Vegeta isn't blasting away blindly, he's carefully aiming every shot!
And yet Freeza is decidedly keeping clear of them. They're both unbelievable!
- Piccolo... - Piccolo-san...
What!?
I- I am...
I am a Super Saiyajin!
Burn in Hell, Freeza!
Are you trying to destroy the whole planet, Vegeta!?
What!?
It's just about time, I suppose. I can't have him getting too carried away.
H- How could he...?
He bounced all that back with just a simple kick!?
Vegeta had to have launched that attack at his full power!
He's incredible! He's more than incredible!
And now, you will experience a pain even greater than hell.
This time, you'll let me lead off.
Mildly.
Vegeta...
For the first time in his life, Vegeta is trembling, from the bottom of his heart.
Both from genuine terror, and from his conclusive frustration.
He's even shedding tears over his fright and hopelessness. This is another first.
Here goes. Are you ready?
Vegeta-Vegeta has already lost the will to fight.
Vegeta!
Don't!
He's had it.
Vegeta, I can't have you giving up after so little. You'll have to go through more than this...
Well? Have you started to regret how foolish you've been?
You lower-life-form, nothing-in-your-mind- but-fighting Saiyajin-san?
I thought you at least were different,
and I pampered you, but you're just like the others, aren't you?
If you hadn't turned against me,
we would have gotten by without having to go through this.
V- Vegeta!
If you want to save him, feel free at any time.
Piccolo and the others, faced with the terror of Freeza, battle power of a different dimension,
seem to be bound in place or something, all three of them unable to move.
Vegeta's Ki is rapidly shrinking and he was supposed to have gotten incredibly stronger.
Is this Freeza that strong!?
I'm healed!
I've gotten stronger! It's like the power is welling up inside!
Unbelievable! And here I thought I'd reached my limit. It's enough to scare me!
But you know, it feels good! Even at a terrible time like this.
My apologies, Gohan, Krillin, and Piccolo!
I'm coming now! Something might just become of this!
Goku at last recovers. How eagerly has this moment been anticipated?
You're the only one left who can still offer resistance to the overwhelming power of Freeza!
We're counting on you, Goku!
