Have you lost sight of your pride as a Saiyan,
the mightiest warriors in the universe, Kakarrot!?
Kakarrot!?
Good afternoon!
It's been so long!
Bulma- san!
You said to come visit you, so I came.
Wow, it really has been a long time!
This house hasn't changed at all in the meantime, huh?
You sure have been cold to us, huh?
Unless someone tells you to come over, you never come, after all.
Here!
I brought some manju buns as a present.
You didn't need to go to that trouble.
If you'd just let me touch your boobs a little bit, I'd-
You just don't appreciate my gags, the same as always!
You're just a lecherous jerk, the same as always!
By the way, Bulma- san, what's happening with Yamucha- san?
Yamucha? That idiot?
How should I know about that guy? I'm so mad at him,
I didn't tell him that everyone was getting together here today!
Let's have ourselves a blast without him being here!
You guys sure do fight a lot.
They sure do.
So then, where's Lunch- san?
She went out somewhere, chasing after Tenshinhan- san, five years ago.
The position of this power is moving at considerable speed.
There! That's Muten Roshi- sama's house!
Miserable Kakarrot! You're not getting away from me!
Yoo-hoo!
It's stopped!
-Son- kun! -Goku!
Huh? What's up with the boy?
Have you taken up a job baby-sitting, Goku?
He's my boy!
Y- yours, Goku!?
Yeah, that's right.
Go on, say hello.
Good afternoon.
-Yes, good afternoon. -Yes, good afternoon. -Yes, good afternoon.
His name is Son Gohan.
Son Gohan? So, you've given him the name of your late grandpa?
Yeah.
Still, this is a surprise!
To think that Goku would bring a child along!
Gohan- kun, how old might you be?
I'm four years old.
Wow. He's got good manners, considering he's your boy, Son- kun.
Chichi is fussy about that.
Say, Gohan- kun, what are you going to be when you grow up?
A great scholar.
S- scholar?
A tail?
Yeah. Just like I had before, right?
You're right!
S- say, does anything happen to your boy that's strange in particular?
Strange?
F- for example, does he undergo any changes on nights when the moon is full?
Nights when the moon is full? Well, we all go to sleep early and all...
How come?
It's nothing, it's nothing! In that case, it's all right!
S- say, Goku, is your boy strong, like you?
About that...
I think he has quite a bit of power,
but Chichi gets mad when I try to train Gohan.
Rock scissors paper!
How come? That's such a waste, isn't it?
Ain't it, though?
She says the world is at peace now, so we don't need martial arts anymore,
and that from now on, it's time for studying.
So that tomboy of a girl turned out to be an education-minded-mama- san, huh?
Say, is that thing on top of Gohan- kun's hat a Dragon Ball?
Yeah. It's Si Xing Qiu, the Four-Star-Ball.
It's a keepsake from my grandpa, you know?
I searched it out and stuck it on there.
I also found San Xing Qiu and Liu Xing Qiu while I was at it.
I keep them at home.
That sure takes me back. Dragon Balls, huh?
Are you going to gather the Dragon Balls together and wish for something else?
I ain't got anything special that I want to wish for.
And here I thought that now that Goku has a family,
his power might have diminished...
You've got incredible power, the same as ever, huh?
W- what is that!?
What's wrong?
S- something's coming this way!
Something's coming?
I wonder if it's Yamucha.
A - awesome! I feel an awesome power! What is it!?
It's here!
Here it comes!
W- what is that!?
Who is it?
What kind of ferocious bloodlust is this?
So, we finally meet.
You've grown, huh?
But I still recognized you at first glance, Kakarrot.
Kakarrot?
You look just like Father.
What does that mean?
What is this? What is this guy saying?
Kakarrot! What is with the condition of this planet!?
You were supposed to have been under orders to dispose of humanity!
What the hell have you been goofing around for?
Now look here, you. I don't know who you are or where you're from,
but go on back, go on back!
Shoo, shoo! You know,
it won't do for you to be out drunk this early in the afternoon.
Go on back, go on back.
Kuririn! Don't get close to him!
Kuririn!
Why, you-!
A- a tail! This guy has a tail!
Looks like you've finally learned my identity.
Your identity?
What do you mean!?
Over here!
Kakarrot!
Have you even forgotten about that!?
My name ain't that funny Kaka-whatever nonsense! It's Son Goku!
How can this be?
Hey, go on, now!
Hey, have you ever taken any strong shocks to the head in the past?
What?
Back when you were a child or sometime, did you ever hit your head hard!?
Answer my question!
I did!
I don't remember it, but when I was good and little, I hit my head!
W- what!?
I still have the scar, even now.
So that's it after all, huh?
But what does that have to do with anything!?
Goku!
Long ago, your grandfather, Son Gohan, told me something.
One day, deep in a valley, he found something unusual,
like it had fallen from the sky.
When he got closer and looked at it, there was a round capsule,
and inside it was a baby that had a tail.
He took him home, and tried to raise him...
and he was utterly at his wit's end over him.
But then, one day, he fell into a ravine by accident...
having an unbelievable life force, the baby apparently survived.
What's more, afterward, his violent nature disappeared,
and he became a good little boy.
T- that was me?
Mm-hmm.
S- so then, what does that mean?
Does this guy and Son- kun have some kind of connection?
Hey, who the hell are you!? Tell me who you are!
You're being one difficult bastard, forgetting everything like this!
Fine. I'll remind you, then.
From here on, I'll have a lot of work for you to do for me, after all...
Are you okay, Kuririn?
Be careful, Goku! That's no ordinary guy!
Mm-hmm, so it would appear.
To be honest,
just us standing here looking at each other like this has got me scared!
This has never happened to me before!
I'll tell you, then. You are not a human from this planet.
You were born on Planet Vegeta.
You are a proud Saiyan, the mightiest warrior race in the universe!
The universe?
Warriors?
Saiyan?
And I am your older brother, Raditz!
G- Goku's older brother!?
B- brothers!? You're kidding!
Stop talking nonsense!
R- right! If Goku is from outer space, then what is he doing on Earth!?
The answer is simple. Kakarrot, you were sent here
to exterminate the bothersome humans that live on this planet!
I was what!?
We Saiyans are a renowned warrior race!
Our task is to go through space,
searching for planets with good environments,
and once we've exterminated those who already live there,
we sell them for a high price to aliens who are looking for a suitable planet.
Adult warriors embark directly upon planets
where those with a higher battle power live.
But to planets like this one, which have a lower level,
we send babies like you.
I- if that's the truth, then you guys are awful!
That's crazy! You even make Piccolo look lovable!
How can you send babies off on their own!?
Kakarrot,
given several years,
you should have had plenty of time to purge these nuisances all by yourself!
If only you had remembered your orders, that is.
Luckily, this planet has a moon, as well.
Hey, why is it so lucky that there's a moon here?
Don't play stupid! It is when the moon is at its fullest
that we Saiyans are at our best, you know!
What are you talking about?
I don't understand what you mean at all!
What?
I- it can't be... Where's your tail?
What happened to your tail!?
It got cut off and disappeared long ago!
H- how can this be? You miserable fool!
It's no wonder you were able to get along with the beings on this planet!
Enough!
It doesn't matter if I am some whatever-you-call-it guy
from another planet, or if you are my big brother!
Kuririn is right! Anyone like that is a lowlife!
I am Son Goku, and I was raised here! Now get out of here right now!
Right! Right!
Like he said! Whatever his past may be,
right now, Son Goku is a fine Earthling, more so than anyone else!
Goku has even saved the world! Get lost! Get lost!
Even so, I cannot allow this to be.
The Saiyans have always been a race few in numbers,
but now, after colliding with a giant meteor,
the planet Vegeta has blown up.
Just about all of the Saiyans were vaporized into space dust.
Our father and mother included!
Including you, there are only four remaining Saiyans.
Me and one of the others were spared
because we were off assaulting another planet.
And as for the other one, he was lucky enough to be sent off to another planet,
just like you were.
Earlier, we inadvertently found a nice planet
that we ought to be able to sell for an extremely high price.
We'd like to go attack it,
but it looks like we'd have a hard time of it with just the three of us.
That's when I remembered about you, Kakarrot.
Your battle power is still incomplete,
but if you were to join up with the three of us, you could still manage.
Stay away!
Open your eyes, Kakarrot!
It will be fun! Is your Saiyan blood not stirred?
I'm scared!
Don't be ridiculous!
I'd die before lending my hand to you!
So that's how it is, huh?
For a while now, I've been wondering,
that boy behind you is your son, isn't he?
N- no!
It's no use trying to fool me!
That tail is proof that he carries Saiyan blood, isn't it?
So... what if he is!?
Since you, his father, won't listen to reason,
I guess I'll have to borrow your son for a little while.
Keep back!
Just try to come any closer!
I'll knock you flying!
Father!
-Father! -You mustn't go!
Gohan- kun!
Whoa, there!
Kakarrot, I'll be taking the child. If you want him returned alive,
you'll listen to what your brother tells you to do!
D- dammit!
G- Goku went down with only one blow!
Kakarrot, I'm giving you only one day, so think about it.
You'll probably have to get your friends to help, too.
Still, you'll have to show me some proof.
Ah, but that's a simple matter. By this time tomorrow,
you'll kill a hundred of this planet's humans, at least for now,
and pile their bodies up here!
What!?
You heard me, right? I'll be looking forward to tomorrow.
He is my brother's son, after all.
If possible, I don't want to have to kill him.
Father!
I'm scared!
G- Gohan!
Exceedingly strong, and exceedingly cold - blooded,
he's Goku's brother, Raditz!
Will Goku be able to save his son, Son Gohan?
