You got that? Let me say it again just to be sure.
You are to kill a hundred of this planet's people
and pile up their bodies here by tomorrow.
If you do, we will let you join our group.
And of course,
if there are no bodies here, it will mean the death of your son.
Father!
T- that's gutless of you! How can you use a child like that!?
-Yeah! -He's right!
For one thing, there's no way Goku could kill anyone!
That's fine.
If you don't mind letting this one die,
then there's no need to have those bodies ready.
However,
one way or another, every person on this planet is destined to die soon.
Once we finish subjugating our current planet,
we've decided that our next target will be this one!
Y- you what?
The three of us Saiyans ought to be enough
to wipe out the folks on this planet in only a month.
Kakarrot, if you're the one who kills a hundred people for me,
it's all the same in the end, isn't it?
Father! Father!
You got that, Kakarrot? Any way you try to struggle out of it,
the only thing for you to do is to join your brother's pals.
Give me back my child!
I'll be expecting a good answer from you.
For your sake, as well.
You cannot consider going against me.
With your incomplete battle power,
you can't possibly stand up to your older brother, after all!
Father!
See you later! I look forward to tomorrow!
Gohan!
Father!
Gohan!
Damn it all! He made a mockery of me!
Are you okay, Son- kun?
W- we're sorry! There was nothing we could do!
G- Goku?
Kinto-Un!!
Wait! That's crazy! Don't be rash!
You can't! You'll be killed!
If you go now, do you think you could win!?
Damn! What should I do?
Think.
Hold on, now...
What a shock, huh? Here you discover that you have a relative,
and of all people, it turns out to be that guy!
Your brother... does have greater than normal strength, and all.
His tail...
If I...
If I squeeze his tail hard enough, his strength should drop off.
That's how it was for me.
N- now that you mention it, that's true!
B- but still, are you going to be able to grab his tail?
It'll be impossible for me to do it alone.
We will do as much as we can!
Yamucha and Tenshinhan aren't here, after all.
T- that's right... And if the three of us fight together,
it just might work...
Though I'm not very confident about that...
Bulma- san, if we die, please bring us back to life with the Dragon Balls, okay?
Leave it to me!
Kuririn, that won't work. Kami- sama said that you can't ask Shen Long
to grant the same wish a second time.
Kuririn, both you and Old Timer Turtle Hermit
have already had Shen Long bring you back to life once.
And so... we can't do it another time...
Oh... really? E- even so, n- no problem!
You'd help me out?
O- of course we will!
You bet we will! This time, it's our turn to lend you a hand, Goku!
T - this time for sure, l'm dead. Damn... And I wanted to get married too...
Speaking of the Dragon Balls, what if we did this?
Get all seven together, and ask Shen Long to save the world!
Oh, yeah!
Do you think we could get them all together in a single day?
Oh, yeah...
All right! We launch a surprise attack of our own!
He wouldn't possibly think that we would attack him,
so his guard should be down.
B- but we don't know where he is, right?
Bulma, do you have your Dragon Radar with you?
That's right!
The ornament at the top of Gohan- kun's hat was a Dragon Ball, huh?
That's it, that's it!
Look! It's moving at tremendous speed!
It stopped!
Thank goodness! He's not out in space, he's on Earth!
All right, let's go! It's all or nothing! Just hang on, Gohan!
R- right! Maybe we can win this! The possibility is slim, though...
If we're going to be killed either way,
we'll feel better if we've done all we can.
This is too much for you guys!
-Piccolo! -Piccolo! -Piccolo!
What are you doing here?
I followed him here.
You've already met him?
That's right.
If you go with those two, you won't be able to defeat him.
I will go with you.
You must have realized that his strength is extraordinary.
He's an opponent that neither you nor I can stand up to.
However...
Just what the hell has come over you?
Don't get me wrong.
It's not as though I have become awakened to peace.
I don't care what happens to your son, either.
It's just that he stands in the way of the world domination that I am after!
We'll team up, but once we've taken care of him and his two pals,
I'm going to defeat you, and this time,
I intend to take over the world for sure!
I won't let you do that!
I won't let you do that, but up through that part where we team up,
that's a good idea.
Looks like there ain't any other way, huh?
That's right! We'll just have to put up with it.
As far as I'm concerned, teaming up with you makes me want to puke!
Bulma, let me borrow your Dragon Radar.
Right.
Can you keep up with the speed of Kinto-Un?
Don't be absurd! My own technique's a little different
from that pathetic Bukujutsu skill of yours.
I'm not sure whether I should be elated or not...
You know, I would have never thought that those two would team up!
There's certainly no stronger combo than them!
It's just possible that they might win!
B- but I wonder, is it safe for us to trust Piccolo?
It's worrisome, isn't it?
What are you talking about!? This is going to be an incredible spectacle!
Bulma! Do you remember the location that reading was coming from on the Radar?
We're going too!
I wonder if Gohan- chan is havin' fun at Muten Roshi- sama's place.
Oh, my! He still hasn't finished doin' his developmental homework, has he?
I hope he'll be all right.
Father, I'm scared!
Will you shut up!? How long are you going to keep blubbering!?
You carry the valiant blood of the Saiyans too!
Get in there!
Let me out! Let me out!
Let me out, I say!
Now then,
how about I go find something to eat?
That's strange. A warning signal...
A battle power of 710? It's close!
What?
Damn. A malfunction, huh?
Don't scare me like that.
We're close!
I think we'd better descend pretty soon.
That won't work! We're better off going in like this.
He's using a strange device.
It appears to be able to clearly tell the position
and even the strength of a target.
You mean the fact that we're closing in on him, too?
It stands to reason that he knows.
Really? Well, that means that the only thing we can do is attack him head-on!
Again!
Battle power 710.
Sure enough, it's malfunctioning.
There are two readings!
They're heading this way!
One... two... Battle powers 322 and 334...
One of them is the same as Kakarrot's ability.
But there's no way he would be coming here.
He has to know that there's close to zero probability of him winning...
And he doesn't know where I am in the first place.
I've had it. It's completely malfunctioning.
It couldn't be!
He's here!
Then it's not a malfunction!?
No! There's definitely some kind of mistake here!
lt's not possible for a kid that small to have a battle power of 710!
So that's it. You're the other one, huh?
How did you know about this place?
You expect us to tell you!?
Very well. I'll ask you a different question, then.
What the hell have you come here for?
It's obvious, ain't it!? We've come to take my boy back!
It's Father!
Which means...
you don't want to join our group?
That's what I said!
Oww!
Then you intend to defy your brother?
I ain't got any brothers!
Kakarrot...
I thought you'd be more sharp-witted.
To think that you'd be as foolish as this... You disappoint me.
Don't tell me you've made the ridiculous determination
that if the two of you attack me, you can win!
That's enough of your tiresome drivel.
Piccolo,
have you been training by wearing heavy stuff too?
Yeah, just like you.
It's been a long time since I felt this light.
His battle power has gone up to 408!
I see. You've been desperately training yourself too, huh?
Being able to fight together
as allies for the time being like this is encouraging.
Maybe now we can have ourselves a little bit better of a fight.
Kakarrot is now at 416...
You guys think you've gotten all stronger by doing that?
What!?
Don't make me laugh!
To think that you would stroll on in here with that kind of power!
This is what they mean when they say you don't know your place.
Just being stronger in a fight ain't everything!
We've got ourselves a strategy!
I've had enough of your smart-mouth.
Kakarrot, I've decided not to let you join our group any longer.
It appears you'd just slow us down, anyhow.
You're a disgrace to our family! Die!!
H - he's fast! What speed!
And he came at us head - on! For him to get behind us in that one moment!
Your defense, at least, appears to be pretty strong.
However, your deaths are only a matter of time now.
Little by little, I'm going to increase the strength of my attacks!
T - to think that the difference in our levels would be this great!
Somehow, I have to grab his tail, and make his power drop!
It's hopeless! No matter what strategy you may have come up with,
there's no way you can beat me!
I know... Why don't I let you in on something good before you die?
The two other Saiyans besides me who are still alive
have an even higher battle power than I do!
What unprecedented terror! Even if Raditz is defeated,
there are still even more powerful warriors?
There is nothing that Goku and Piccolo can do!
