I did it!
Kaio- sama, what should I do next?
What should you do? Let's see... You'll polish off whatever I give you, right?
Uh-huh.
Even apple-polishing?
Kaio- sama, I have to train fast, before the Saiyans arrive...
Take it easy.
There are still 135 days left.
That ain't hardly time enough to catch my breath.
W- what are you doing?
It's about time for it to come back.
Come back?
Here it comes.
It takes quite a while to catch one's breath, huh?
That's great, that's great!
Are you sure you're all that strong?
How rude!
W- what was that?
It looks like a cricket.
C- cricket?
That's crickediculous!
-Oh, nice one! -You are so disrespectful!
I am Gregory, the one who looks after Kaio- sama.
You dare face the man who stands at the head of all
the gods throughout the universe, Kaio- sama...
That's crickediculous!
Ahem... You dare face Kaio- sama, and ask him,
Are you sure you're all that strong !?
I can only put up with so much shamelessness from such a whippersnapper!
But I ain't even carrying a whip.
Son Goku, you got off a pretty good one, there!
Kaio- sama, this is no time for you to be laughing.
This works out perfectly, Son Goku.
After Bubbles- kun, your next opponent will be Gregory.
This guy?
What is that look on your face supposed to mean?
But I wanted to get my training directly from you, Kaio- sama.
Kaio- sama, I am absolutely infuriated!
If it's okay with you,
I would like to take this disparager down a peg. What do you say?
Very well.
What's that?
K- Kaio- sama, isn't that a little big?
Son Goku, here...
What do you think? Heavy, right?
Your next training exercise will be to take that hammer and swat Gregory with it.
With this?
Once you manage to do that, I will begin training you personally.
All right, I'll give it a try!
Hmph! You think a pipsqueak like you is going to be able to catch me?
He's fast!
Dammit!
Looks like this is going to take a while.
Yow-ow-ow-ow... All right, I'll get you this time for sure!
That jerk!
Wait up!
He didn't!
It's a good thing I'm so cheerful...
Get up, now!
Don't get too full of yourself,
just because you managed to dodge me once or twice.
You're still too soft!
Help me!
Come back up here on your own!
Squirrel! Watermelon! Sea gull! Killifish! Monster!
Cow! White shark! Quince! Apple! Gorilla! Lion!
You say the next one!
Both Ten- san and Yamucha- san have gotten even better!
Yajirobe! Take this seriously!
Eeyow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
T- time out!
K- Kaio- sama?
It's time for supper!
Yahoo!
You're really something!
Goku, how are you coming along?
Whew! He's so fast! I've never seen anyone like this dude before!
T- this dude ?
You may have conquered the gravity on this planet, but now the problem is your speed.
The Saiyans that you have to fight are unbelievably strong.
Kaio- sama!
Do you know about the Saiyans!?
L- listen, you! Kaio- sama stands at the head of all
the gods throughout the universe-
Gregory, it's all right.
Son Goku, as I recall, you said something about yourself being a Saiyan too, right?
Yeah. But I don't know anything about Saiyans.
Apparently, I came to Earth when I was a baby.
So that's how it is, huh?
In that case, let me tell you about the history of the Saiyans.
Really?
Oh, my, thank you.
I'll just plop down here...
Once upon a time...
There were two races of people who lived on a world named Planet Vegeta.
The Saiyans, who are your forebears, and the Tsufruians.
Saiyans and Tsufruians?
Planet Vegeta, like my own planet here, had an extremely strong gravity.
As a result, the Tsufruians,
who controlled the larger half of Planet Vegeta,
were a race whose bodies were only about half the size of the Saiyans.
However, they had a remarkable,
comparatively advanced level of civilization.
On the other hand, the Saiyans were a race that was very few in numbers,
but their bodies were bigger, not to mention stronger,
and they were an aggressive, primitive race.
The tails the Saiyans had were their greatest distinguishing characteristic.
They were all warrior-like people, as it were.
At one point, these warriors bared their fangs,
and started to overrun the Tsufruians.
The Tsufruians greeted them with advanced weaponry of their own making.
The Saiyans, who should have been utterly outnumbered, were incredibly strong,
and gradually, they brought the Tsufruians under their control.
The decisive factor was the full moon,
which only appeared on Planet Vegeta once every eight years.
That's because when Saiyans see the full moon, they transform into monsters.
For the Tsufruians, this was their greatest threat,
and they suffered the most damage this way.
And so, little by little, as the Tsufruian civilization pulled back,
the Saiyans quickly increased their numbers.
In time, they completely took over Planet Vegeta.
Then, the Saiyans took off into space, seeking to fight even more.
However, since the Tsufruians had been exterminated,
further development of their civilization was slow to occur.
They realized that even though they wanted to fight,
they could not go out any farther into space.
So the Saiyans joined forces with rich, advanced alien civilizations,
and in exchange for furnishing planets to these aliens
for use in developing vacation estates,
they were able to obtain technology and money.
For the battle-hungry Saiyans, this was killing two birds with one stone.
The Saiyans' activities escalated swiftly,
and they even started sending babies to many other worlds, as was your case.
They had come up with long-term plans, whereby once the baby grew up,
it would exterminate the planet's population.
That's awfully overbearing!
But Planet Vegeta had its own Kami.
He could not bear the Saiyans' evil deeds,
and using his own powers, he pulled close some giant meteors,
which then collided with Planet Vegeta, causing it to explode.
Including yourself, there were only four Saiyans that survived.
No!
I ain't the same as those guys!
Yes, well...
One has died, and the other two mightiest,
most wicked Saiyans now heading to Earth are the only survivors.
l'm going to protect the earth!
Gregory! We've got training! Help me out, please!
My, my, these are the first respectful words I've heard out of you.
All right, I'll get you this time!
We'll see about that.
l won't let the Saiyans have their way!
Damn!
You have all far surpassed me.
There is no longer anything that either I or Mister Popo can teach you.
From now until the time of battle arrives,
you should go down to the surface and polish your techniques.
I leave the future to you.
Right!
So, can I take off this heavy shirt, now?
Do as you wish.
Guys, let's go down to the surface and get to work!
We should still be able to power ourselves up, after all.
Everyone, get better!
Goku, I can't wait to see you again!
Hammer in hand, two weeks went by...
Almost there!
He's persistent!
All right!
Oh, no!
Brace yourself, Gregory!
I did it!
It'd hurt if I hit you as hard as I could, after all.
You sure are benign. My body is harder than a rock.
You won't be able to beat the Saiyans like that.
Is that right? Maybe so, but you've still got a bump growing there.
There are still 118 days remaining. He just might be able to master it!
The Kaio-ken technique!
Kaio-ken, the technique that I could picture in my dreams,
but was ultimately unable to perform myself...
As well as that finishing move...
Kaio- sama, like you promised-
I know you're ready for this, but my training is harder than you can imagine!
Can you handle it!?
Mm-hmm, I'll give it a try!
You will be striving to be the best in the universe, the greatest in all the world,
both physically and mentally. Got that!?
I got it!
All right, before we start... um, care to have some tea?
Sis, I'd like you to tell the earth's future.
W- what? The earth's future?
I want to know what's going to happen next year.
All right, I'll try to read it.
It's no use! Not even I can tell the future this time!
All right, that's it! You're starting to control your Ki!
Weak!
What kind of technique is this Kaio-ken?
And what is this finishing move?
The time of battle pitilessly drew ever nearer.
