Exterminate the devil pests!
Are you okay?
At least carry some sedatives with you.
I've been looking for you.
Remember me?
You barged into my office at the university and hit me until you broke my face.
I'm so happy to see you.
What do you want?
As if you didn't know.
Do you have any idea what I've been through?
The university fired me, my wife left me...
I had to pay an arm and a leg in child support...
and on top of that, a student put all my personal information on the internet.
And the nightmare all began on the day you invaded my office.
That was the day that ruined my life.
I'm a social outcast now, and it's all thanks to you.
Like I care?
I never wanted to see your face again.
Is that because we're birds of a feather?
I've done some research on you devils.
And apparently your thirst for blood is aroused at the same time as your sex drive.
You were in monster mode in my office.
You act tough, but you're just a pervert, too!
You were turned on!
Seeing Tsukasa Taira with her shirt off, waiting for me to do her!
It was a silent night
Eclipse was beginnin'
Kasaneau setsuna o
Kitto eien to shinjikomu
In darkness...
It's darker than black
Meikyuu no sora
Hikari o kou
If bite your soul
Shoudou ga mushibande yuku
Can I... Can I... Can I... Who am I...?
Risei o kakikesu libido
(Where is my heart?)
Kurayami ni
(Where is my heart?)
Ochikitta
(Where is my heart?)
Minikui sugata ni natte
Hito no namida kareta nara
Kimi wa boku o dou omou no ka?
Kotae o oshiete
Makka na chi ga
(Bloody bonds) Makka na chi ga
Kizuna o nurashiai
Yowasa o wakeatte
(Bloody bonds) Yowasa o wakeatte
Futari wa ikite yuku no ka?
Kizu o nameatte
Sei o teigi shiatte
Ai o musabotte
Ego Defense
So, what triggered the transformation?
The memory of Taira's bare skin?
Or, don't tell me, it was from this?
Really?!
My blood actually turns you on?
Gross!
Hey, you got a boner?
From the nosebleed of a dude you never wanted to see again!
Gotta feel sorry for you devils!
I feel like someone's said something like that to me before.
Even blood from an old man like me turns you on, eh?
I almost feel sorry for you devils.
His blood is actually ketchup.
I got your mind off it.
No more signs of you transforming.
So I guess you really do only go full-on devil when you're lusting after Tsukasa.
Once I hit a man and he started bleeding.
Then I felt the urge.
I lost my mind.
I hated that man, but I sucked his blood.
Last time I punched this crappy professor,
I didn't feel the urge.
Do you have someone...
Someone you'd do anything to protect?
If you don't, you wouldn't understand how I feel.
Blood is just a minor catalyst.
The thing that's triggered my transformation more than anything else...
What's wrong? Why so calm all of a sudden?
What happened to my eyes?
How is my mind so stable?
I don't know what's going on, but don't be such a wet blanket.
Does this mean you're not turned on by my blood?
I'm not.
Tabuse, open the door to the next car and wait there.
I'll be right behind you.
You're gonna use them here?
When else would I use them?
What are you going to do?
Something more stimulating!
Smells good, right?
Blood dye packs. The Vigilante Corps thought them up.
There's real blood inside.
These are valuable prototypes, and you got two of them. You're a lucky man.
For a second... I almost had it.
I almost found the balance... between my mind and my transformation.
Dammit, I feel hot.
I'm losing the balance.
So? Did you do her after that?
Did you suck her blood while you screwed her? Is that how it works?
Oh! Maybe she already died in the saddle?
If only I'd known you were going to do that...
I could have made sure I'd had my fun with Taira first, right?
Wow, check out those claws!
Come on! Let's get out of here!
Don't let him open the door!
What's going on?
A devil on the train!
That's scary.
Anzai did what?
Somebody...
Close all the doors.
The devil is in Car 5. Open those doors only!
Somebody...
Somebody...
Somebody, please...
I'm glad I wasn't too late.
Please, call me into the light.
Apparently that video was posted by
the college professor who got a disciplinary dismissal after he tried to assault Taira.
All devil personnel are supposed to be banned from investigations,
and F Squad's devils in particular are prohibited from going outside unchaperoned.
But now one's gone and wreaked havoc on public transportation,
and the video of it is all over the internet?
We'll hand down your punishment later,
but believe me, it will be more than suspending the one officer.
And Sawazaki...
I thought you were removed from leadership in F Squad?
Where's Ishimaru?
Whoa, this is scary. This can't really be happening...
Exterminate the devil pests!
Exterminate the devil pests!
Exterminate the devil pests!
Exterminate the devil pests!
Ishimaru?
So there's someone...
on the Vigilante Corps with a personal vendetta against you.
I didn't expect that.
What's gonna happen to me?
Internally, I suppose you'll be given the worst punishment our bylaws allow.
For now, we've taken the position that you weren't actively deployed;
you just happened to be there and got mixed up in the incident.
Because if we don't, what you did was bad enough to easily get you fired.
The higher-ups are pretty upset about that video getting uploaded.
But even after you transformed, you didn't hurt the guy. That's good.
And this is a very interesting video.
See, here?
You've seen his blood and have started to transform, but you're calm and collected.
You should take that off. It will get dirty.
What are you going to do?
As your superior officer, I thought I ought to know just how much you're capable of.
Devils are strong.
Even their most basic physical abilities far surpass those of humans.
Surely there was some opening for you to hit me back.
I'd appreciate it if you'd actually try.
I can't!
I don't know how much control I'll have over myself after I transform.
That's exactly what I want you to figure out.
What are you thinking? Don't-
It's just you and me here.
Your girlfriend's not around.
And if you do happen to lose control, I guarantee I will stop you.
Stop it! Why are you doing this?
Because if anyone can do it, you can.
Good morning.
Oh! Good morning.
Where's Anzai?
He left a few minutes ago with Ishimaru.
Anzai.
It's okay.
Fight me for real.
Don't be stupid.
I've read every file we have on you.
You're afraid of who you are when you transform.
But on the other hand, you have an intense desire to control your transformation.
Come on. Hit me.
Do it!
I got him?
See? You're faster now.
Don't let your guard down.
Did you notice? You have full control over yourself.
Wasn't that true yesterday, too?
I'm... in control?
Do you get it now?
I honestly could not dodge that hit.
That's your answer.
You've transformed, but you're thinking rationally.
What you are experiencing is what we call a benign transformative reaction.
Your senses are sharpened, your reflexes have improved,
and you can access your maximum muscle strength.
Almost 100 percent.
And you can consciously control what you are doing.
You hadn't realized it yet, but that is what you're capable of.
What I'm...?
It may be that the sight of human blood is not the only thing that triggers a transformation.
Maybe your trigger is...
Who... are you?
You are fast! Can you see my every move?
Answer me! How do you know so much about devils?
I can tell you that I'm not your enemy.
Time for the next stage.
Drinking blood.
Don't worry about me. I can take care of myself.
Don't you want to know more about your potential?
My potential...?
Taira!
Where's Anzai?
Go on.
Wait.
That won't be necessary.
He's in full control of himself.
I didn't want Tsukasa to see me in devil form.
You don't have to worry.
I think that guy knows what he's doing when it comes to devils.
I've been a fan of devils for a long time.
When I was a kid, I had a playmate who was a devil.
It got me interested, and I started doing research.
Do you understand what it means to make him transform?
More or less. I have a basic idea of the extent and method of the transformation.
And how to deal with it.
That's not what I meant.
I'm asking if you understand how someone would feel if they were forced to transform?
I'm sorry.
No good. I can't gain access.
Which means?
The hideout computer isn't connected to the internet.
So I can't hack in.
Is it always offline?
No. Maybe they disconnected it to avoid hacking.
If someone's thinking that far ahead... it would have to be Zero Two or Zero Six.
Are the numbers given in order of importance?
Zero Two is technically our leader, but after that, I think it's random.
What about Number One?
That's our investor, but I don't know who it is.
Then who are the other numbers?
Uh, well, um...
Why hold back now?
01  ? (investor) 02  Zero Two, Kirio Kikuhara 03  X 04  Zero Four, Nakamura 05  Zero Five, Naoya Ushio 06  Zero Six, Takeshi Makimura 07  Zero Seven, Nanako Tenjo 08  X
09  Zero Nine, Kenichi Yoshii
11  Eleven, Sumimori 12  Queen, Kanzaki 13  Jason 14  X 15  Fifteen, Murakami X = probably no one
What are these ones marked probably no one?
I've never seen them at the hideout or heard the names,
so I think the numbers got skipped.
But I don't actually know for sure.
Eleven, Sumimori Queen, Kanzaki
Jason So one-three (juu-san) isn't Thirteen, it's Jason?
I don't know why.
I know there is a Jason, but I don't know their name.
That's not good. Is there any way to prove that there's no one in those numbers?
If I could see the roster, it should tell us which numbers haven't been assigned.
And if we want to get the roster, we might have to break into the hideout.
I'd like to ask some other squads for backup, but we don't know who might be a spy.
Worst case scenario, our squad will go it alone.
That's right.
Does this mean you're over your hatred of devils?
I'm putting it on hold.
Are you mad at me? For shooting you and putting a hole in your chest.
Mad?
That I got shot?
Anzai.
You should be apologizing to Tsukasa!
When you shot through that window...
a piece of glass cut her face.
Oh, no, it doesn't bother me anymore. Actually, I kind of like it.
What do you mean hole in his chest?
Just a-! What are you-
I never heard anything about this.
First off, how could an injury like that...
Knock it off! First off, how could an injury like that...
You couldn't have healed that fast! That 7.62mm bullet went right through you!
Of course. That was when...
That's enough of that.
If you value your head.
Kano.
What are you talking about?
Why would you say that?
Almost everyone here already knows about Anzai's injury.
Then this doesn't leave this room.
There was once a detective who discovered that devils could heal their wounds by drinking human blood.
Did he get fired or something?
Technically, he was transferred from field work, but he was demoted,
and in the end he quit being a detective.
Even in the medical world, the healing properties of blood drinking
are treated as top secret information.
He doesn't look like he's hearing anything new.
Why is it so secret?
Because devils might attack someone every time they get hurt?
Probably.
But we wouldn't do that.
The general public doesn't exactly trust devils.
Especially devils who have transformed.
What do we do? We already know the secret!
That's why it doesn't leave this room.
I have no intention of losing my subordinates over something so unfair.
Sawazaki, I want a report about this chest wound.
Understood.
Okay. Everyone else, take a break.
Can I talk to you?
I had something to give you, too.
Some new equipment.
The manual's in there, so you can try it all out later.
Thanks.
So?
When I transform, it brings back memories.
From when I was a kid. There's a man beside me.
A man you know?
Kirio Kikuhara.
A police inspector in Public Security Division 5.
What's wrong?
I just feel like I've said that name before.
And you don't have any clear memories of meeting him?
No.
It could be...
that you forgot because it was such a terrible memory.
It's a type of self-defense.
If that's what happened, you're better off not remembering.
It isn't the same as analyzing yourself to get to know yourself.
Some things are better left not known.
Did you want to remember?
I feel like, if I remember, then I can figure out something important.
I'm in a basement, with scary devils everywhere.
He told me I was just like them.
I think I might find the reason I hate devils somewhere in those memories of Kikuhara.
I didn't know you hated devils.
Oh, uh...
I'm not blaming you.
If you feel hatred or prejudice, then that's what you feel.
You'll never move forward by pretending those feelings don't exist.
And I thought I told you to know yourself.
I've always thought devils and humans should stay separate.
I always thought that devils are dangerous.
But I never remembered what made me think that way.
That's why I couldn't get mad at Zero Seven for hating devils.
The Diet continued deliberations today on laws regarding devil regulation.
After the upsurge in public interest, the debate became rather heated as both parties-
The reason I hate demons has something to do with Kikuhara...
And the memory was so terrible that I blocked it out.
What could have possibly happened to me?
But I was just a kid back then.
Maybe now that I'm grown up, I can handle remembering it.
Oh. You're still awake.
I was reading case files.
What about you? Couldn't sleep?
I was thirsty. I'm going to make some tea. Want some?
Sure. Thanks.
Um...
What?
About what happened on the train...
Oh. Don't worry about that guy.
They arrested him on the spot. He won't bother us anymore.
And you don't have to feel responsible for what happened.
Thank you.
Anyway, about today...
Oh?
With Ishimaru. I mean... I'm sorry for scaring you.
Oh, no. I was a little startled, but I'm fine.
Lee said that Mr. Ishimaru knows a lot about devils.
So I know that he did what he did to help you, Anzai.
Yeah.
But to be honest, I was a little jealous.
What?
The truth is... I want to let you drink my blood, too.
I want to do anything I can to help you.
Tsukasa...
I've felt that way before.
I've thought, Why can't I be the one to give you blood?
It's silly.
I'm sorry. Even I think it's childish.
It's embarrassing.
You surprise me.
I'm always so amazed.
How can you always come out and say exactly what's on your mind?
I think it's that honesty that's pulled me up, and gotten me this far.
Anzai?
Ishimaru told me that my transformation is, um...
a benign transformative reaction or something.
Benign?
If I transform only from seeing blood, I can control my emotions and stay rational.
If what he says is true, then someday...
Maybe I can stop living in fear of the devil inside me.
Someday...
Yeah.
I hope that day comes soon.
Yeah.
But for now, I'm still...
Don't worry.
I promise... I'll never give you my blood.
Okay.
If there's anything else you want me to do, please don't hesitate to ask.
I won't.
I've been thinking...
Wondering what I can do... to help you and all the other devils.
There has to be something.
Something different from what you, Sawazaki, and the police are doing.
Something I can do.
Tsukasa.
Sawazaki speaking.
A fire has broken out in Taito Ward, G Squad's jurisdiction.
We believe the fire started in the home of a devils' rights activist.
The house is owned by a businessman named Souzou Shiraki.
It's not public knowledge, but he's well known for being an advocate for devils.
We can't say for sure at this stage,
but it's possible that the anti-devil faction is making an example of him.
I'm on an investigation.
I'm looking for a devil serial killer named Tamaki Anzai.
Kikuhara!
Anzai, I can't let you go alo-
Then come with me!
Devil serial killer...
Tamaki Anzai?
Can I help you?
I thought you were suspended from duty?
You and I met a long time ago, didn't we?
We've discussed this. It was at the new staff ceremony.
No. More than 10 years ago.
Tell me about the devil serial killer, Tamaki Anzai.
Does he have no memory of it?
That's not possible.
Go home. I can't have rubberneckers disrupting the investigation.
Kirio Kikuhara.
Who are you?
No. Who are you?
If you can't remember what happened that day, you have no right to ask me who I am.
I remember everything that happens to me.
No matter how painful.
I own it all.
Now excuse me.
Did I want to remember?
Sotto tokete yuku you ni
Motto ai shiaetara
Nani o tsutaerareta no
Ai o tsumugenai meguriawase
Dare ka yurushite
Kegareta sugata ga boku de aru koto o
Aa doushite
Fureru yubi ga furueteiru
It's story of fight together
Dakishimetai yo
Kizu tsukezu ni mamoritai yo
Anata dake o
It's story of desire forever
Aragai tsuzukeru
Wakiagaru shoudou ni
Aa, mata boku wa...
Deep red dawn
Sotto futari tokete yuku you ni...
Reporting in.
You're late...
Jason.
Next Time
DEVILS' LINE,
Line 11,
Ouroboros.
Ouroboros
