So, um, Yuuki...
Hi.
This is a friend of Yanagi's, a doctor.
Apparently, he used to work at a hospital in Obihiro.
You're from ONLO?
Yanagi asked me to help you with some counseling.
I was already here on business, so I figured I might as well.
It is her. She's the one who shot Anzai.
But back there...
Don't fight me, and I'll make sure you get back unharmed.
I don't want to hurt you. Just do as I say.
Why be nice to me?
You shoot devils.
I only kill devils.
I don't kill humans.
But devils are human!
You're an advocate?
I'm not that ambitious. I just...
You just don't know.
About their lust, or their brutality.
How they transform.
I know all about it.
I don't mean intellectually.
You've never had any of it directed at-
Yes, I have!
The guy I like...
he's a devil.
It was a silent night
Eclipse was beginnin'
The overlapping moments
We might believe them to be eternity
In darkness...
It's darker than black
The labyrinthine sky
Begs for light
If I bite your soul
The impulse eats away at me
Can I... Can I... Can I... Who am I...?
Libido erases my reason
(Where is my heart?)
Into darkness
(Where is my heart?)
I have fallen
(Where is my heart?)
Taking a hideous form
If my human tears have dried
What will you think of me?
Give me an answer
Our crimson blood
(Bloody bonds) Our crimson blood
Wets our bond
We share our weakness
(Bloody bonds) We share our weakness
Will we two live on?
Licking each other's wounds
Defining each other's life
Thirsting for love
Chaser
Inferiority complex.
Have you felt like you have one?
When devils date humans, they tend to be more conscious of how ugly they feel as devils.
They're not comfortable unless they always have a sedative on hand.
They subconsciously avoid communication with non-devils
and eventually lose all faith in themselves.
Are you talking about me?
If you feel like I am, maybe I am.
Was that young lady your girlfriend? She's cute.
Stay here.
It's not safe out there.
No.
Too cute to let outside, eh?
You don't think you're being a little overprotective?
I just...
I just don't want to put her in any danger, that's all.
That's all?
If that's all, I don't know why you were so scared the second she pushed back.
What are you afraid of, Yuuki Anzai?
I'm...
scared of the devil inside me.
You shouldn't trust devils.
No matter how much you like this guy, all he likes is your blood.
I tried to give him my blood and it made him angry.
Well, that's progress. You identified one of your problems.
I've always been well aware of that problem.
You knew, but you didn't do anything.
Can you really call that well aware?
Then why do you think you're scared?
Why?
Because I'm a devil, obviously.
Oh, man, I'm hungry.
Long time no see, Kleemann.
You're the doctor who told me to deal with bloodlust by jerking off!
What? Just a- What?
Just a- What?
From your attitude, I guess you ran away.
I'm surprised you made it out.
ONLO must be going nuts about now.
Hey. Tell me more about-
Look at him, Anzai.
This is an example of someone who isn't afraid of his devil side.
He doesn't worry about if he's a devil or a human.
But it's not like he was born with that attitude.
There's only one thing that makes it possible for him to be so unconcerned.
He has learned to control the devil inside him.
Get out.
They know this car's license number. I have to find another one.
You should see a doctor.
A hostage, worried about her kidnapper?
Nothing bothers you, does it?
A friend of mine disobeyed orders to help me.
They might kill him.
They already did kill another one of our own.
Our leader has no mercy.
If I don't save him soon, it will be too late.
Why don't you report them, and get the police to help?
The police?
They never helped me before, and they won't now.
So, you're saying...
I should drink blood and build up a tolerance like him?
Drinking blood isn't important.
Different things will work better for different people.
What happens to you when you transform?
What situations lead to a transformation?
You need to have exact answers to those questions.
So that you're not paralyzed with fear.
Yanagi told me...
you're so afraid of transforming you can't get anywhere near your girlfriend.
What?
So first, you need to know yourself.
Especially if you want to face your girlfriend and protect her.
There are ways to train yourself to control your bloodlust.
But to do it, you'll need her help.
Hey guys, quiet.
Emergency message from B2 HQ.
Target T, the suspect in the sniper case, has stolen a car and fled Shirase Hospital...
taking a hostage with her.
The hostage is a young woman with short hair and a scar across her face.
Look, we're here, Zero Seven.
I couldn't stop myself from helping them.
Am I being too naive?
Zero Nine, were we followed?
Don't worry. Just get some rest.
I'm listening to the police scanner.
I'll tell you if anything happens.
So, just what do you people do?
Exterminate devils.
This devil issue has been hidden for years.
Our mission is to expose it, warn people of the danger, and eradicate the problem.
Eradicate?!
Hey! What do you think you can do?!
I can't sit around and do nothing!
Devils are supposed to be on standby!
Besides, you don't even know where she is.
You can't just wander around and hope...
The sniper. She's that girl with the rifle, right?
I don't think she'd do anything to Tsukasa.
She was a reasonable person.
Yanagi said the same thing.
That she didn't look like she was going to hurt her.
This is a woman who killed five devils!
That's the thing.
She's only killed devils.
She doesn't think of it as murder.
It's possible she thinks of it as a kind of pest control.
You're a devil. If you go, I think you'll only provoke her.
You said you liked a devil.
How can you fall in love with one of those monsters?
Did you not know what he was?
I didn't start to like him until after I found out he was a devil.
If you knew, how could you like him?
How could I...
You make this distinction between devils and humans, but they're basically the same.
Just that some can't handle blood.
The only visible difference is the dark circles under their eyes,
and devils who drink blood don't even have those.
If they drink blood, the dark circles...
aren't there?
Zero Seven!
I'm getting something.
Public Security found the car you abandoned.
And the GPS for both Zero Six and Zero Five has gone offline.
You turned off our GPS trackers, right?
Do you think this means that Zero Six and Zero Five have been ordered to go after us?
Probably.
But both of them work in Public Security Division 5.
They won't have a lot of freedom to search.
What?
I told you, didn't I? You can't trust the police.
Sawazaki, F Squad.
The devils' bar Cross has been attacked.
Two dead.
B Squad's Sergeant Makimura had been guarding the bar but is now missing.
Are you saying Makimura is the mole?
Dammit. I don't like this.
Just how many people are we dealing with?
This is where we found the stolen car.
There are two convenience stores nearby.
Check their security footage and see if you can find witnesses.
You call the cab companies and see if anyone picked up any injured passengers.
Okay. Yes, sir!
You have people working inside Public Security Division 5?
You're a civilian. The less you know the-
The guy I like is an officer in Division 5.
He's the man you shot the other day!
I was with him when it happened.
Of course. You're the one who...
Zero Seven, it's Zero Six.
He attacked a bar in Ikebukuro and quit the force.
Don't stick your nose into this any further.
I'm in it pretty deep already. It's too late to...
Does your boyfriend want you getting involved in this?
Police officers are trained and armed.
You know I'm armed, too, and I've had training.
But you haven't!
I think maybe, someday...
there will be something safer that you can do.
Kikuhara, we identified the taxi!
It was going to...
I found you.
Are you okay?
I'm always wondering if there's anything I can do to help.
But I was told to just stay locked up inside.
I hated that, so I rebelled, and I went out anyway.
When you like someone, it's natural to want to be useful to them.
Know myself so I'm not paralyzed with fear, huh?
And to do that, I'll need Tsukasa's help.
But I don't want to put her in any danger. That's why I'm trying to put distance between us.
She really isn't the least bit scared of me, is she?
No, she's never been scared of me.
She'd always look me right in the eye.
She'd never hesitate to do or say anything.
That's what I like about her.
But that's exactly why I must never, ever hurt her.
I have to protect her. And to do that...
If you're going to rescue her, I'll help.
I know you came from ONLO.
But that doesn't mean I can trust you.
Well, thanks a lot.
But I can trust you as a devil.
The more I want to protect her, the less I feel like I can get near her.
If I transform, can I count on you to keep her safe from me?
So that I want to protect her thing is your excuse to keep avoiding her?
I heard you were from ONLO, so I thought you'd have some kind of a backbone.
Tsukasa is never afraid to confront you.
But you refuse to communicate with her. You're all I have to stay away from her.
Am I wrong?
I bet you haven't even explained to her why you won't get near her.
Talk about immature, leaving out the important stuff like that.
If you're gonna keep spouting that wishy-washy garbage,
then maybe I'll take Tsukasa off your hands.
Zero Five? What are Zero Two's orders?
Got it. Seven, Nine, and the hostage.
I'll take them all out together.
That's not going to be warm enough.
Here. To apologize for dragging you into this.
If you have any trouble, post a message here.
That's strange.
They found the car ages ago, but I haven't heard any orders.
They must be giving orders over private channels.
We should move, now.
This is where we part ways.
I'll call the police, so you wait here.
There's one thing you should know.
Watch out for Naoya Ushio. He's in Division 5.
He has wavy hair and a birthmark on his face.
He'll probably be the first one here.
His codename is Zero Five.
There's something in my bag.
We'll let her have it, just in case.
Stay safe.
Yes, I think they're in room 902.
This is the police. Are you hurt?
When did the kidnapper leave?
A-a little while ago.
I'll carry her out, Nanno.
She looks pale.
Th-that's okay. I can walk.
What do I do? That's Zero Five.
Alright.
Then we'll go downstairs together, nice and slow.
I'll go check on the guys downstairs.
We'll split up, just in case.
That was Zero Five. Will she be okay?
I don't think he has any reason to hurt her.
We lost our chance to get out. I'm guessing there are cops downstairs, too.
Wh-what do we do?
Look at me.
What have you heard?
What do you mean?
Your kidnappers. Did they say where they're going, what they're after...
Or maybe...
that Ushio from Division 5 is a spy?
There, it's all over your face.
The elevator's here! Hurry!
Sorry, I'll be right there!
The doors are closing.
Are you okay?
I actually used a stun gun.
It won't be enough to knock him out.
So be careful.
I have to get away from him, and fast.
But if I go downstairs, I'll run into him.
I never got Anzai's number.
I don't know Sawazaki's, either.
Or Jill's, or Yanagi's, or Sakaki's...
Search keyword
Bar Sakaki
Sakaki?
Wait, Zero Seven, are you serious?
You really want to wait on the roof until the police leave?
Do you think I'm joking?
But if we're not careful, we'll be like rats in a trap.
Nine, get down!
Zero Seven!
Stop shouting. It's just a scratch.
But...
Heh. This is so stupid.
First, I'm stabbed in the stomach, now I'm getting shot at.
By humans who used to be on my side.
And here I thought the devils were my enemy.
I'm a human, but I'll be on your side until the day I die!
If you're gonna keep spouting that wishy-washy garbage,
then maybe I'll take Tsukasa off your hands.
What the hell are you babbling...
It's Japanese.
Lay a hand on her, and I'll kill you.
Be my guest. I'd like to see you try.
Hey!
Yuuki, phone!
It's Tsukasa, she called the bar!
Anzai? I'm so glad I got through!
Are you okay? Where are you?
In Tsukiji. A place called the Mino Hotel.
What about the sniper? I thought you were her hostage.
She let me go.
But now someone else is after me.
Someone else?
The sniper warned me about him.
Ushio in Public Security Division 5 is a spy.
I thought I'd run into him if I went downstairs, so I came up to the higher floors...
Do you see anywhere you think you can hide?
I think I can get into room 1424.
Okay. I'll be right there. You hide in that room.
Um, I'm sorry, Anzai.
I said a lot of things I shouldn't have.
I'm sorry.
You have nothing to be sorry about!
Wait right there!
Fourteenth floor.
The doors are closing.
Excuse me, sir.
There you are.
Why don't we just end this now?
The first time I saw her, I thought she was cute.
An innocent girl who would never have anything to do with the underbelly of society.
I was so glad I found her before she became his next victim.
Why am I thinking of all this now?
Come over here.
Don't worry.
I'll send you on your way as painlessly as possible.
Why? Why do you have to kill me?
Because I'm not ready to leave Division 5.
I can't have you going around telling people I'm a spy for the CCC, can I?
CCC?
The Chosen Civil Community.
A fellowship of elect citizens.
You call a group of murderers chosen?
Is that a problem?
It doesn't make sense!
You're killing people, but the name makes it sound like that's the right thing to do!
It's just an opinion.
Whether it's right or not is a separate issue.
Do you have some kind of grudge against devils, too?
Nope. Actually, I like them.
What?
I just feel so sorry for them.
I work with devils on the force, and when there's an injured human on the scene,
they always look like they're in so much pain.
They clench their fangs, fighting their bloodlust,
begging for sedatives.
All the while, being treated like monsters by the very people they saved.
Stay away from me, monster! All the while, being treated like monsters by the very people they saved.
I can't help but pity them.
When I see a devil like that, I want to free them from their suffering.
From their cursed fate.
Hey!
Do you know what this Ushio guy looks like?
How should I?
I can't trust Division 5 anymore.
I have to rescue her myself.
Tsukasa!
Why do I always end up putting you in danger?
Why...
If you care so much about them, why are you trying to kill them?
If they mean so much to you, shouldn't you try to come up with a way to coexist?
That's just your ego talking.
It's not like you live their lives.
You don't know what they have to suffer through.
Isn't that true for you, too?
You've never lived a devil's life, either!
But you talk about freeing them, like you know what they want.
You take their lives from them.
Don't pretend to be nice!
You're just looking down on them!
I was wrong about you.
I thought you'd be begging for your life, but you're lecturing me instead.
That makes people angry, you know.
Either you have nerves of steel,
or you're just plain stupid.
I don't really care which.
Are you scared?
Everyone here is a devil.
Just like you.
Like softly melting away
If we could have loved each other more like that
What could I have told you?
A chance encounter that cannot amount to love
Someone forgive me
Because this filthy form is who I am
Oh, why?
Are these fingers trembling as they touch you?
It's a story of fighting together
I want to hold you
I want to protect you without hurting you
You and only you
It's a story of desiring forever
I will keep fighting
Against the urges surging up inside me
Oh, again, I...
Deep red dawn
Like we're softly melting away...
Next Time
Line 8,
Offline.
Offline
