Yukimori
They've made the new Division 5 personnel assignments.
Effective today, F Squad will be led by Lieutenant Ishimaru, formerly of A Squad,
and former squad leader Sawazaki and Division 1 Asami will take orders from him.
I can't believe I get to work with you again.
I asked for it. Demanded it, actually.
It was A Squad's Kikuhara who pushed for the change.
At first, they didn't have any plans to add anyone to F Squad.
But then out of nowhere, he started claiming you can't control your devils.
It just didn't sit right with me.
I don't trust him. Him or the new leader he was so eager replace you with.
A new leader, huh?
If he's in charge, I'll have to introduce him to Anzai and Jill.
But you won't introduce me to anyone else?
Based on the state of the scene and witness testimony,
there's a strong possibility that the missing Ryunosuke Katagiri was shot and injured.
And yet, there is no indication that you, a former investigator of Division 1,
have gone to any hospitals to look for him.
In other words, you already know where he is.
Officer Anzai took custody of a hostage.
And he was acting in concert with an unidentified foreign man.
I want you to introduce me to everyone who is involved.
That's an order from your superior officer.
It was a silent night
Eclipse was beginnin'
The overlapping moments
We might believe them to be eternity
In darkness...
It's darker than black
The labyrinthine sky
Begs for light
If I bite your soul
The impulse eats away at me
Can I... Can I... Can I... Who am I...?
Libido erases my reason
(Where is my heart?)
Into darkness
(Where is my heart?)
I have fallen
(Where is my heart?)
Taking a hideous form
If my human tears have dried
What will you think of me?
Give me an answer
Our crimson blood
(Bloody bonds) Our crimson blood
Wets our bond
We share our weakness
(Bloody bonds) We share our weakness
Will we two live on?
Licking each other's wounds
Defining each other's life
Thirsting for love
Command
Oh! Anzai!
Want some coffee?
Uh, yes, please.
I get to see his face like this every day.
It's like we're living together.
We're talking about having another base of operations.
Yeah. I heard.
Sakaki said he'll let you use his warehouse.
Here. Be careful, it's hot.
Yeah. Thanks.
Come on, what are you doing?
Sorry.
So, uh, sorry to interrupt, but...
Sawazaki wants you downstairs. Our new boss is here.
New boss? What are you talking about?
I don't know!
But he wants everybody there.
Normally he'd just want the squad.
This is my fault. They found out I ignored the standby order.
Why are you blaming yourself?
Don't worry.
This is Lieutenant Ishimaru, formerly of A Squad.
As of today, he is F Squad's new leader.
I'm now a regular member,
and Asami from Divison 1 will be on our team temporarily.
I get tired of formalities, so don't worry about being extra polite.
You must be Anzai, Miss Hostage, Yanagi, Mr. Foreigner, and Miss Lloyd.
I don't see Katagiri.
He's still at the hospital.
And I have more bad news.
For the next two months,
Anzai and Jill are forbidden from going outside without a human chaperon.
It used to only apply to work, but now you're prohibited from going out for personal reasons.
You're joking, right?
Why should we have to put up with that kind of crap?
And we don't need a new boss. I like Sawazaki.
You can't do your job by playing best buds, Miss Lloyd.
Not that I don't understand how you feel.
But right now we have to focus on solving this case.
So I'd like to hear about what happened at the hotel.
That reminds me. What do I do about...
Should we tell him?
What if he's a spy, like Ushio?
It is a dilemma, isn't it?
Should you tell him? Can you trust him?
Personally, I wouldn't trust him.
Alright, Asami, then I want you to do a background check on me.
What?
If you need to prove you can trust me before you can work on this case, then you should do it.
And investigate Inspector Kikuhara while you're at it.
Kikuhara?
Because it was Kikuhara's idea to demote Sawazaki and appoint me as squad leader.
Now go on and do your background checks.
All I have to do is sit down and shut up, right?
Um, Anzai?
Can I have a minute?
So then Nine gave me this. He said it was an apology.
If you have any trouble, post a message here.
But, um, Nine and Seven left the CCC.
I was hoping we could use this without arresting them...
If you have any trouble, post a message here.
I see.
But to use this in a way that doesn't screw them over...
You'd have to contact them and get them to come to us.
How long have...?
You're... not a devil, are you?
If you're referring to my eyes, this is because I stay up late reading manga and light novels.
Unlike yours, my dark circles are a sign of poor health.
That being the case, Miss Hostage...
you get a gold star for this.
I see. So the whole Ikebukuro Incident was staged by the CCC
to sway public opinion toward eradicating all devils.
Now, about Zero Five aka Ushio...
Are we going to report him?
If we do, it will go straight to general commander Kikuhara.
Wait. Wasn't it Kikuhara who deployed Ushio to the hotel?
If Kikuhara does happen to be with the CCC, he'd let Ushio get away.
True, if it's going to add to the number of guerilla operatives we can't monitor,
then it'd be better to leave him in Division 5 where others can keep an eye on him.
Kikuhara may be a person of interest, but I'm not.
That is exactly why...
I intend to contact Zero Seven and Zero Nine
and negotiate with them to give us information on the CCC.
You want to work with wanted criminals?
We'll think about whether or not to arrest them later.
And so I'm counting on your help, Miss Hostage.
You want to add her to the investigation?
Do you have any idea how much danger she's already been through?
But she's the only one who has a rapport with them.
Besides, she'll be fine as long as she has you, won't she?
Devils are strong.
They're much more reliable than humans.
What are you saying?
If you're worried then you can join the negotiations team.
You gave her our web address?
I-I'm sorry!
One new post Subject: I need some advice But we did get her in a lot of trouble.
What if she traces us?
I can erase the site itself, and I did set things up to make sure no one could identify us.
So? What did she say?
Dear Nine, did you manage to get away?
Is Seven healing okay?
Sorry for contacting you like this. But...
It's possible that we can protect you and Seven, and capture the CCC.
When are the negotiations going down?
In three days. I'm so glad Seven and Nine answered me.
Anyway, you wanted to talk?
I just thought I'd like a little free time.
What are you going to do?
Just get some... necessities, you might say.
Don't look at me like that.
We'll be in touch.
Give me your phone so I can input my number.
Your curfew is 6:00 p.m.
Wow, early.
Since we're doing this, you could give me your number, too, Tsukasa.
Sure.
You don't need it!
When you saved Tsukasa the other day and you dodged me, don't tell me...
it was because you thought I'd take her from you.
Did you think I was serious when I said I'd take her off your hands?
What?!
Well, I'm off!
See you later!
Come back or else.
Are you feeling a little more comfortable with Lee, Anzai?
Dunno. Maybe I am.
Here you go. Two evening doses and two morning doses.
Feng, you can't draw that much all at once.
It's okay. I've got plenty.
You have to keep your promise.
Or I have to stop asking you.
You know a person can only give so much blood. You're a doctor.
Yeah, I know, but...
Now you just lie down.
Single-eye transformation...
The transformation only affects one part of your body, and you keep your sanity.
Is that the special privilege of a half-breed?
No, I hear I'm the only one who's ever managed it.
So maybe it's your own special power.
I hope not.
I'm gonna teach this other half-devil I know some blood tolerance, too.
What? You mean you've made a friend?
Congratulations!
Uh... thanks.
Oh, is that where you're staying now? With that friend?
Um, well, it's kind of a big home where lots of people stay.
This is not your home.
Just how big is the sky?
Is it true that it changes color depending on the time of day?
The sky is an endless space that stretches out above the ground.
Why are you running?
I'll be back as soon as I've observed the sky.
Who are you?
If you come back, they'll never let you leave again.
There's more than just the sky that you need to learn about.
Decide for yourself...
where you belong.
See you later!
Come back or else.
Sounds like a big happy family, in the place you are now.
I'm not part of that family.
They're only keeping me there because I can teach him blood tolerance.
When that's over, they'll be done with me.
So, what's the half-devil you're teaching like?
He's a scaredy-cat who acts tough.
His girlfriend is surprisingly impulsive.
But they're a couple of big crybabies.
The polar opposite of you, then.
Yeah.
Try thinking of that place as home.
I'm home!
Cafe Moon
First, let's get this straight.
We don't trust you police officers.
And I don't trust you 100 percent yet, either.
Now allow me to present our terms.
One: We will prepare an apartment for you.
Two: We will provide living expenses and necessary funds.
And three: we won't arrest you. For now.
For now?
That's a cowardly phrase.
It's also an honest one.
And? What do you get out of this?
Good question.
Any information you have on the CCC.
A list or roster of members, for example.
We don't have any such thing.
But I think I could get a look at their financials if I hack into the hideout's computer.
Stay out of this, Nine.
If we get them a roster, both our names will be on it.
In all honesty, we could arrest you both right now.
We want a roster so we can crush the entire CCC.
It's still not worth it.
Then give us some terms. Make it worth it.
Is there anything you want?
I want to know something.
There's a devil who died 15 years ago, Kenichi Morisawa.
What was he like?
Chizu
Nanako was...
a well-behaved child.
For some time, she hated to even see the word devil.
I don't know when it happened, but at one point I realized she'd gotten over it.
Gotten over it?
Yes. Suddenly, she was bringing up the subject herself.
But she sounded biased against them.
I did tell her to stop once...
Morisawa, Kenichi
Search results: 1 Display  Cancel
Classified I:069
Cases marked I or Inside, require special permission.
Because they were done on the inside. They're police scandals.
Morisawa, Kenichi Public Security Division 5 Section 2
Kenichi Morisawa, age 32 at the time.
Public Security Division 5, Section 2, AR Squad.
Tenjo, Sayuri Hachioji City Hall Civic Affairs Division 2
Zero Seven's mother, Sayuri Tenjo.
Age 33 at the time.
Worked at Hachioji City Hall.
A widow who lived alone with her daughter Nanako.
They dated for about a year, and Morisawa eventually started spending nights at her home,
where he spent more time playing with her daughter Nanako.
Then one night, Morisawa gave Nanako a hug.
When she saw it, Sayuri pulled out a gun and shot him. That's how it all began.
If she shot him, does that mean Morisawa had transformed?
Most likely.
Sayuri's diary had a passage about him consulting her about his bloodlust.
Any records about Morisawa's work attitude?
Yes.
He was extremely hardworking and good at his job.
His personality was kind and sociable. He didn't talk about himself much.
Sayuri's bullet missed.
Morisawa immediately took the gun from her and fired.
As she lay dying, he drank her blood and raped her, right there in front of her daughter.
Nanako panicked and stole the gun again.
She fired it by mistake and shot Morisawa through the head.
Do you think Seven had a crush on Morisawa?
Huh? Don't you mean Morisawa had a thing for her?
Oh! It's just a hunch.
When you're little, you tend to fall in love with the grownups who are closest to you.
I don't know if it was a crush or familial love,
but you may be right that she admired him.
It must be very sad to be the one to kill the person you care about.
Let's go inside. We'll catch cold.
Killing someone I love...
I'm scared to even think about it.
Whether she meant to kill him or not...
it wounded her deeply, and she closed off her heart.
Then, after a certain incident, she started coming out against devils.
The man who took her in, Kousuke Chizu, was a professor at East Bay University.
He would hold study sessions at his home.
Did she have an opportunity to interact with any of the students?
Yes. There was someone who gave her justification for killing devils.
Lecturer: Kaname Shirase (Member, House of Representatives - New Civil Party) Date Time:  May 22 (Sun), 2005  2:00 p.m. Students in attendance: Shouji Muto Youhei Tanuma Makoto Aizawa
Kirio Kikuhara Takashi Katayama
Someone who convinced her it was right to kill them, that it's right to hate them.
Kirio Kikuhara
Someone who gave her peace of mind.
Let's go back now. You'll catch cold.
Do you think we should help them?
Huh? Well, if we're on the run, then it would put us at a disadvantage.
But...
you want to stop Kikuhara from killing any more people, don't you?
Do you like him, Zero Seven?
What are you saying?
W-well, I always thought you might like him.
Just from watching you.
I don't like him!
That man is a monster.
You must be Nanako.
I'm good at math. Want me to tutor you?
Practice Exam Student Score Report
Hardship is what gives us the greatest opportunity to grow stronger.
Who said that?
I did.
Suspect apprehended at 21:01.
Look at me. Look me in the eyes.
One day, devils will be driven out of our society.
Driven out? Where will they...
I don't know.
Maybe they'll just be left to find their own place.
But if we don't segregate them or exterminate them, there will be more like Morisawa.
I don't fall in love.
Not with anyone. Do you understand?
I don't want you as a woman, and I'll never look at you sexually.
If you can understand that, then join me.
I understood.
No. I wanted to think I understood, but I didn't really.
He warned me. He told me not to fall in love with him.
Nanako...
Because falling in love with Kikuhara...
made me forget my fear of Morisawa.
I adored Kikuhara.
Did you find anything on Morisawa?
Can I ask you one thing first?
Had Morisawa ever drunk blood before that?
No, he hadn't.
I hope she can find it in her heart to forgive Morisawa, or any devil, really.
Sawazaki was saying...
Maybe, instead of thinking she had killed the individual Morisawa,
it was easier for her to think she'd killed one of a different species.
Did you learn anything new?
It's just like I remembered it.
So we failed to live up to your expectations.
No, it was everything I needed.
Nine and I will help you...
to stop Kikuhara.
So, Kikuhara is working with you!
He is Zero Two.
Practically the leader of the CCC.
We'll need proof.
Unfortunately, with only your testimony, he just needs to play innocent, and we're through.
Exterminate the devil pests! Unfortunately, with only your testimony, he just needs to play innocent, and we're through.
Unfortunately, with only your testimony, he just needs to play innocent, and we're through.
Exterminate the devil pests! Unfortunately, with only your testimony, he just needs to play innocent, and we're through.
Exterminate the devil pests!
What's that?
Exterminate the devil pests!
Exterminate the devil pests!
Vampires really do exist!!
Don't let the Ikebukuro tragedy happen again!!
Exterminate the devil pests!
Segregate now!
Exterminate the devil pests!
This sucks.
Most humans first found out about devils after the Ikebukuro Incident.
But some of them already knew and didn't like them.
We are the Devil Vigilante Corps!
Exterminate the devil pests!
Devil Vigilante Corps?
Yes. There are some radicals in with the protestors.
There's something not right about-
Hey! Jill! What's wrong?
I'll call you back!
Sawazaki?
You.
Are you a devil?
Stop! We're the police!
I assume the CCC has nothing to do with this one?
I think that's right.
But it's not like they let us in on all their plans.
Maybe we should go check.
I'll go!
I'm worried about Sawazaki and Lloyd.
I'll check things out and meet up with them there.
Then I'll join you.
You're not allowed to go out without a chape-
I'll be there. That counts, doesn't it?
You're a devil. Cause any problems under these circumstances...
and you can bet your punishment will be worse than a little house arrest.
If anything happens, whatever you do, do not get involved.
Understand?
Exterminate the devil pests! Now is the time to stand together!
Exterminate the devil pests! We will all defeat the devils together!
Don't look! They're waving blood around.
Are they trying to expose the devils?
Now! Stop hiding the devils!
Stop hiding the devils!
It's a devil!
The devil's running away!
Wait, dammit!
Call Division 5.
I'm just gonna help that devil get away!
Hey!
I can't just leave her!
When did I get to be like this?
The more I give chase, the deeper the devils run into the darkness.
I overtake them, arrest them, and take them away.
The process is ingrained into my muscles.
Why can't I stop myself from going after them?
At least carry some sedatives with you.
Rest for a while and you'll be able to walk again soon.
I've been looking for you.
I knew if I kept hunting devils, I'd run into you eventually.
I'm so happy to see you.
What...?
What's wrong?
This is supposed to be the Vigilantes' live broadcast.
Professor Ochiai?
Like softly melting away
If we could have loved each other more like that
What could I have told you?
A chance encounter that cannot amount to love
Someone forgive me
Because this filthy form is who I am
Oh, why?
Are these fingers trembling as they touch you?
It's a story of fighting together
I want to hold you
I want to protect you without hurting you
You and only you
It's a story of desiring forever
I will keep fighting
Against the urges surging up inside me
Oh, again, I...
Deep red dawn
Like we're softly melting away...
Next Time
DEVILS' LINE,
Line 10,
Ego Defense.
Ego Defense
