Sewing Machine Cafe
There.
Don't worry.
I promise... I'll never give you my blood.
It was a silent night
Eclipse was beginnin'
The overlapping moments
We might believe them to be eternity
In darkness...
It's darker than black
The labyrinthine sky
Begs for light
If I bite your soul
The impulse eats away at me
Can I... Can I... Can I... Who am I...?
Libido erases my reason
(Where is my heart?)
Into darkness
(Where is my heart?)
I have fallen
(Where is my heart?)
Taking a hideous form
If my human tears have dried
What will you think of me?
Give me an answer
Our crimson blood
(Bloody bonds) Our crimson blood
Wets our bond
We share our weakness
(Bloody bonds) We share our weakness
Will we two live on?
Licking each other's wounds
Defining each other's life
Thirsting for love
The main PC is on the second floor.
Ouroboros
We can boot it up and get the member list,
but it will take five minutes to unlock it.
And five more to copy the file.
So when will we be breaking into the CCC hideout, exactly?
You're the squad leader.
When do you think would be good?
Maybe tonight.
The sooner the better.
If they catch on to us, they'll erase the list and run.
Zero Five was Ushio from C Squad.
We'll ask their leader, Takimoto, to help us keep him busy.
I'll stop Kikuhara.
I don't think we can let you join the raid.
But on the other hand, we are short-staffed, so would you keep lookout for us?
But I hope you'll leave the sniper rifle at home.
You and Jill are grounded.
If you break the deployment ban again, you will be fired.
You're only taking humans?
There won't be any devils in the CCC.
If we're up against humans, humans can handle it.
Yeah, but...
We've been given notice.
They understand you were in danger the other day, too.
But in the event that a devil ignores the deployment ban,
if they transform and engage in violence, cause injury, or drink blood,
they will be immediately relieved of their duty, regardless of their reasons.
They will thenceforth be placed under strict surveillance
and forbidden to make contact with humans for the foreseeable future.
What the hell? Are they going to quarantine us?
I'm guessing you'll be under 24-hour surveillance
and banned from visiting, or even calling or emailing, anyone.
Man, I'm starving.
Um, everyone... dinner is ready.
Food!
Glorious food!
Sorry, we couldn't make anything more elaborate.
This is fine.
Thanks for the food.
When a guy actually tells you to investigate him,
he knows you're not gonna find any dirt on him without some serious digging.
Ishimaru, Megumi Lieutenant
Um, Anzai...
Here. I made it for you.
It's a utility belt.
What? You made this?
Oh, well, but I guess you won't be deploying, so you don't have to use it if you don't want to.
I mean...
You had one, but I didn't think it was the best thing
for carrying those nail protectors you got from Mr. Kano.
Yeah.
Huh?
I thought you could put the protectors here, and it would be easier to get them on quickly.
But maybe it won't be that easy after all.
Um, Anzai...
Thank you.
You have it backwards. I should be thanking you.
You just gave me a gift.
I don't mean it like that.
I mean, um...
I want to thank you for everything.
I know it's late, but Merry Christmas.
We've been through a lot.
But I mean it when I say...
I'm so glad I met you.
Yeah.
Me, too.
I'm really so glad I met you.
Thank you.
I'll take good care of it.
Sawazaki.
I'm going with you.
No. This is one time I have to insist-
Then I'll need you on the lookout team.
Ishimaru, you can't-
He'll just be standing watch.
Anzai...
Don't worry.
Hold on to this for me.
Okay.
Hey. I want you to stay with Tsukasa.
Take care of her for me.
You got it!
Now commencing our raid on the CCC hideout.
Objective: obtain the member list.
This is Ishimaru and Sawazaki, with Asami as backup.
We're taking Zero Nine to the main computer.
Zero Seven is on a building 100 yards south of the hideout.
Anzai is on a building 500 yards to the north.
I'm in position.
Yanagi, you stand by near the hideout, just in case.
Got it.
Um, would you please take me with you?
I want to be as close to him as possible.
Then I'm going, too!
Just a-! Lee! Hey!
It's time. We're going in.
The stairs.
I heard a strange noise.
Let's go.
My condolences.
Stop!
Zero Seven! Can you see the river out back?
It's in my blind spot! I heard a splash, but...
They're dead.
Those strange noises were gunshots.
He used a silencer.
These are the same bullets we use in Division 5.
If that man was from Division 5,
would he deliberately let us hear his voice like that?
Well, they're not the most uncommon bullets.
Anyway, where's the computer?
Th-the second room from the end.
Maybe they were homeless, and they were squatting here.
There's too much dirt on his feet for that.
It would have come off if he was walking around in here.
Someone killed some homeless people... in the CCC hideout?
Why would they do that?
Anyway, let's hurry.
We're going into the room.
Those gunshots...
There were three of them.
Where's the third bullet?
There's no third bullet.
A devil.
Sawazaki?
Sawazaki! Hey! What's wrong?
You and Jill are grounded.
If you break the deployment ban again, you will be fired.
Are you alright?
Yes. But he bit me-
Behind you!
Hey, what's-
You've got to be kidding.
This is Ishimaru.
We've encountered five transformed devils.
Five?
There are two bodies in the hallway, but the devils aren't even looking at them.
The bodies in the hall aren't human.
There's one more body.
The man killed by the third bullet.
A human.
The five devils ganged up on the human, so they could all drink his blood.
So just one of them is human?
Then I'll make sure not to look at him when I come to help you.
Give me your exact position!
I'm bleeding, too.
Even if I weren't, the second they find out you deployed, you'll be fired.
But I...
I swear...
I will protect you!
No, stay away from here!
Here they come, Sawazaki!
We'll split them up. I'll go upstairs.
Then I'll go that way.
Let's go!
Come on! I'm over here!
Up here!
They're all going after him because of the blood.
Over here.
Come on, keep going! You can do this in ten minutes, right?
Got the answers you asked me for.
Five transformed devils, all at the same time.
Anzai, please be careful.
Seriously. Be careful.
Sawazaki's on the third floor.
There were two devils after him. If you don't hurry, they'll get him.
His wound is closed over.
Is that because he bit me? Because he drank blood?
Anzai.
If you hadn't come here...
I would be dead.
I should have killed them myself.
I should have...
Where's little Nine?
Copying the list.
I made him lock the door; he'll be fine.
More importantly...
I did that background check.
Before you were on A Squad, you spent 5 years in W Squad.
My connections in Division 5 got me some info from people who were in W Squad at the time,
and they confirmed that there was a Megumi Ishimaru on the squad.
But only for one year.
Emergency message for Public Security Division 5 Squads L through N.
We received a report that several armed officers
are devil hunting in an abandoned building at 2-6 Hinomi, Koto Ward.
That's in 2A2B jurisdiction. They'll be on the scene shortly.
Yanagi, get out of here.
What's going on? He said devil hunting?
I'm not sure, but apparently this was a trap.
That doesn't mean we can leave you stranded there!
Anzai!
We brought in eight homeless men, seven devils and one human.
Three of them were killed by Division 5 bullets.
On the scene, unauthorized, were armed members of F Squad, who had lured the men inside.
All ready for framing.
We just have to tell them what we're doing!
They'll know we're not really hunting devils!
They'll also know that we let Nine and Seven in on our plans without authorization.
They might remove us from the case.
Is that why you tricked us into raiding the hideout?
I don't know.
The date and time of the raid were your idea!
I didn't tell them!
Jason did not report on today's operation.
What am I crying about?
Why...?
Did you say Jason?
I am Number 13: Jason.
Good for you; you were right.
I'm supposed to be happy?!
What have you been plotting all this time?
That first man, the one who shot the devil and ran...
I suspect he was working for Kikuhara.
It may be that they've been watching me the whole time.
I didn't think they were capable of setting such an annoying trap.
The way things are going, normally, I'd expect the list to have been deleted.
But Nine is copying the list right now!
Yes, he is. There was a list.
That's why I joined the CCC and Division 5, to find that list.
I'm an undercover agent.
I really work for...
Public Security General Affairs, Investigation Division 6, Section 11.
And...
there's one more undercover agent working for us, probably the one who left us the list.
He infiltrated the CCC just like I did.
You know, Makimura.
What are you doing?
I'm turning you in to HQ.
Turning me in? You?
They'll arrest you, too, for the murders you committed at Cross Bar.
I'm turning myself in, too.
E Squad investigated at Cross Bar.
They found bullets and a revolver with the manager's fingerprints.
And there was gunshot residue on the manager's right hand.
Get outside!
Makimura would have been trying to get everyone in the bar to safety.
That probably made the manager even more suspicious, so...
Go! Now!
She carried a gun for self-defense, and she fired first.
But then what about the employee?
Suicide.
It happens a lot with vampires who have seen death or injury caused by blood drinking.
When they see someone they care about losing a lot of blood right in front of them,
they're so afraid of losing control that they kill themselves.
No, don't!
Makimura was a double agent?
And so was Ishimaru?
Come with me. I'm taking you in.
Hilarious.
This is Anzai. There are squad cars down there.
And it's not just the riot police.
Looks like the media's here, too.
This is just speculation...
but I feel like there's some other motive behind this trap.
If all he needed was the list, Makimura could have just taken the whole computer and left.
But maybe that's not all he needed.
The list has accounting information. In other words, the flow of money.
It only lists members that have a financial connection to the group.
Is there someone involved that we won't find with just a list?
There is something behind the CCC.
At first, I thought Zero One was pulling the strings.
A self-righteous politician or government official at worst.
But something doesn't add up.
There's something bigger... like...
Maybe R2PC?
And the government body over them, the Ministry of Health, Labor, and Welfare.
Maybe what Makimura really wanted was to get everyone's attention.
And that's why he called the police and the press?
You shouldn't have done that.
You can cause all the uproar you want.
Get people from all walks of life to notice the CCC.
But it won't solve the fundamental problem.
I didn't stop F Squad or Section 11...
because I was betting on a one in a million chance.
The chance that they might get to the truth of this matter.
But it seems I overestimated them.
It's not the MHLW?
Or there's something else... something more than-
So you think you can solve this...
by cutting off the lizard's head instead of its tail?
But this lizard can regrow even its head.
It's like grass; you mow it down, but you leave the roots, so it grows back.
The roots are down in the ground where you can't see them.
You can't pull them out, and you can't control them.
On top of that, they all come together in a large mass to form a giant grassy field.
The enormous, uncontrollable...
shared consciousness...
forming society's roots.
In other words...
I've seen that building. I think it's in my neighborhood. Scary! Looks like the devils are freaking out and killing people again. Anyway, here's a picture of the scene! it's the stereotype that devils are dangerous.
All devils should die.
As long as people accept this stereotype, it doesn't matter if you crush the CCC.
Someone else will be forced to step in and take their place.
That is why I choose to stay inside this box,
and use the CCC to fight against those at the top.
You can't build anything...
by committing murder.
This little chat has gone on long enough.
It's time we end it.
Let's draw the curtain on this act.
Still there, eh?
That little...
One down.
Anzai's been shot!
On the roof!
A sniper hit Anzai!
Anzai? Anzai?
Anzai! Hey! Anzai!
Am I... dying...?
Anzai! Anzai, can you hear me?
Freeze!
Come in, Anzai! Answer me!
This isn't good.
If we don't do something, he's a goner!
If they transform and engage in violence, cause injury, or drink blood...
Call an ambulance! Hurry!
I'm working on it!
But I don't know if they'll make it!
Regardless of their reasons,
they will be forbidden to make contact with humans for the foreseeable future.
Taira!
Lee, get out.
Take me to him. Take me to Anzai!
Like softly melting away
If we could have loved each other more like that
What could I have told you?
A chance encounter that cannot amount to love
Someone forgive me
Because this filthy form is who I am
Oh, why?
Are these fingers trembling as they touch you?
It's a story of fighting together
I want to hold you
I want to protect you without hurting you
You and only you
It's a story of desiring forever
I will keep fighting
Against the urges surging up inside me
Oh, again, I...
Deep red dawn
Like we're softly melting away...
Next Time
DEVILS' LINE,
Line 12,
DEVILS' LINE.
DEVILS' LINE
