Anzai, please...
drink my blood.
I'll give you some... every day.
The man who attacked the weather reporter
jumped from a nearby apartment complex to his death.
A woman was found nearby, stabbed in the abdomen.
What crazy ideas are you putting in her head? A woman was found nearby, stabbed in the abdomen.
You make it sound so bad.
What'd you tell him about?
Blood tolerance? Healing? Life expectancy?
She told a devil to drink her blood!
Did you put her up to it?
I never forced her to do anything.
But anyway...
I can't believe you transformed just hearing her say it.
Any other physical changes?
Did you make it up? Is it some religion?
This baseless nonsense is...
It's not baseless. We even have a proven case.
A proven case of cell regeneration after blood consumption.
If I hadn't happened to show up and give you some blood,
you'd still have a hole in your lung, and you'd be dead.
Did the near-death thing make you forget?
About how you were listening to that girl's sob story and she shot you?
A devil killed her mother, so she's convinced all devils are blood-sucking rapists.
And now she's a terrorist that kills devils indiscriminately.
Is she the sniper?
Is she worth crying over?
Don't tell me you feel sorry for her.
You're walking around with human blood, blabbing on about your ungrounded fairytales.
You have no ID, you're the definition of suspicious, and you want me to trust you?
Good point.
Promise to hide me out here for a while?
Then I can give you a proper introduction.
Oh, and I do have blood, but I haven't killed anyone, okay?
And there's one other thing I want to make clear.
A sap who always lets his emotions get the better of him...
can never protect anyone.
It was a silent night
Eclipse was beginnin'
Kasaneau setsuna o
Kitto eien to shinjikomu
In darkness...
It's darker than black
Meikyuu no sora
Hikari o kou
If bite your soul
Shoudou ga mushibande yuku
Can I... Can I... Can I... Who am I...?
Risei o kakikesu libido
(Where is my heart?)
Kurayami ni
(Where is my heart?)
Ochikitta
(Where is my heart?)
Minikui sugata ni natte
Hito no namida kareta nara
Kimi wa boku o dou omou no ka?
Kotae o oshiete
Makka na chi ga
(Bloody bonds) Makka na chi ga
Kizuna o nurashiai
Yowasa o wakeatte
(Bloody bonds) Yowasa o wakeatte
Futari wa ikite yuku no ka?
Kizu o nameatte
Sei o teigi shiatte
Ai o musabotte
Dogmatic
Maybe I should have
asked Sakaki to bring this here instead.
He might not want to talk to me right now.
But why should I cry about it?
If anyone wants to cry, it's Anzai.
Anzai, I brought your ramen.
I'll leave it right here.
Is it true he healed from drinking blood?
Well Sawazaki said...
he would report that Anzai was only shot in the shoulder.
Despite all the blood lost, the wound was shallow, and it healed quickly.
He filed a false report?
I'll just go cool my head on the roof.
Anzai's red eyes...
I saw them for the first time on the day we met.
When our eyes met on the train, I was afraid of him.
But his red eyes were always...
so full of pain.
And kindness.
They always seemed to be crying.
Anzai has protected me all this time.
From bad people, and bad dreams.
But I still haven't done anything for him in return.
That startled me.
I-I guess I didn't have to run away.
A sap who always lets his emotions get the better of him...
can never protect anyone.
He's exactly right.
I want to be able to protect her.
I'm alive?
I had a dream. With Mom...
and a devil that looked human.
Kenichi Morisawa.
That's the devil's name.
Should you be sitting up?
That weather girl is in the next room.
She's alive. Good news, right?
A devilish human.
You, too. Congrats on surviving.
Why didn't you finish me off?
You bit me, remember?
Just like a devil.
It was beautiful, like you had become one yourself.
Shut up! When they question me, I'll tell them you're behind it all!
If you insist. It will only result in more deaths.
Anyway, I'll have to tell him you're okay.
You know, your little friend who told you we'd be executing Plan B.
Don't you dare hurt Zero Nine!
You betrayed us? Are you stupid?
Investigation HQ: Ikebukuro West Gate Park TV Broadcast Murder Attempt There were 36 transformations in Tokyo due to the Ikebukuro incident.
As for human casualties, the weather reporter is in critical condition.
The suspect jumped off a building to his death.
There were two others in Ikebukuro with minor injuries.
One in an electronics store in Shinjuku with minor injuries.
One with minor injuries in an IT firm in Itabashi.
What about devil casualties?
The devil in the electronics store was beaten by the customers there
and died at the hospital later.
An officer at Ikebukuro West Gate shot and killed a devil woman.
We have multiple reports of a mob attacking devils in the residential area of Nerima.
We have similar incidents happening all over the country.
Murder is murder, but will they be convicted like they would have in the past? We have similar incidents happening all over the country.
Murder is murder, but will they be convicted like they would have in the past?
Because of the laws protecting private information,
Because of the laws protecting private information,
If someone sees a devil for the first time and kills them, Because of the laws protecting private information,
If someone sees a devil for the first time and kills them, it will be necessary to...
I don't think it's fair to charge them with murder. it will be necessary to...
I don't think it's fair to charge them with murder.
What's going to happen to the confidentiality policies surrounding devils?
Since the media blackout is over.
Will we be commenting on devils at the press conference?
We will not.
Or, to be accurate, we can't.
The MPD doesn't have the authority to decide when to go public about devils.
The devil issue is a national issue.
Furthermore, all devil personnel within Public Security Division 5
will be relieved of all duties for the time being.
Wait, what do you mean, relieved of all duties?
We don't want to deal with the mess if word gets out that the police are harboring devils.
Here...
Your princess brought that to you, you know.
And this is good timing. You can carry her to the guest room, Prince Charming.
She got tired and fell asleep.
She's really not a bad kid.
So you better make sure you're there for her.
She's not even stirring.
She must be exhausted.
How do I take them out?
That scar really is deep.
It won't happen again.
My last one, huh?
I'm gonna have to call a donor and get some more.
So they hid the fact that Anzai drank blood to heal his wounds.
Well, drinking blood is illegal.
Looking at it that way, it's almost like ONLO is exempt from the law.
Since they were doing experiments on drinking blood.
But why is it illegal, anyway?
Figures. 30 years of blood-sucking cases
and not one mention of a devil healing after drinking blood.
If it's true, then why isn't it common knowledge?
Serial Fatal Blood-sucking Assaults Suspect: Anzai, Tamaki Investigation period: 3/5/1971 - 10/9/1973 Sentence: Death
Sawazaki.
Hello?
We got a call from someone who saw someone get pushed from the apartment complex.
It was too dark to make out a face,
but he was definitely pushed over the rail on the stairway.
Who's the informant?
Someone who works at the bar behind the scene.
Ryunosuke Katagiri?
It's a beautiful day.
It's starting to look like spring.
You don't have to do anything.
It's starting to snow.
Huh? What was I just dreaming about?
I usually remember my dreams.
Did you get in touch with the informant?
Yeah. I'm on my way to the bar.
I'll drive you.
B Squad has more humans than it needs.
Thanks.
Miwako Toda
Miwako? It's been a while.
You finally picked up! Are you okay?
What? Why?
Why?
There are pictures and videos of the Ikebukuro thing last night all over the internet!
Some of those pictures are of you!
Pictures of you running away from what looks like a vampire.
Pictures of vampires attacking people,
pictures of people beating vampires,
pictures of vampires jumping around like ninjas.
It can't possibly be real.
It has to be some kind of epic prank someone set up, right?
Miwako, vampires really do exist.
Normally they look like all the rest of us,
but they lose control of themselves when they see blood.
So they spend their lives trying to avoid the sight of it.
Um, I'm sorry.
Forget about if it's true.
How do you know that?
Oh yeah, you said the guy you liked could jump really high.
He can jump from phone pole to phone pole.
But listen, I know I can trust him, so it's ok-
Is trust really the issue here?
You said they lose control when they see blood.
In that case, it doesn't matter how much you can trust him, does it?
Besides, Tsukasa, you only just met him!
How much do you even know about him?
I-I'm sorry.
I'm just so worried about you.
Maybe you're right.
It hasn't been that long since we met.
And there's so much I don't know about him.
I could never know how hard it is to be a devil...
or what it's like to lose control.
But...
He means so, so much to me.
Whoa, I missed. I'm in shock.
Oryo, dear?
There are other employees here. What do I do?
If he told them what he saw, they'll be trouble.
If you can kill them, then kill them.
Don't... don't you dare hurt them.
Leave these people alone!
Such a beautiful heart.
I almost can't believe you're a blood-sucking animal.
Look out!
Dammit! After them!
Hey! What is going on out here?
I'll stay here. They might still be at risk!
Thanks. I'm borrowing your car.
Miwako Toda Sorry about before. I thought about it, and if you  trust him, then I trust you. Anyway, stay safe. Call me anytime! And I'll keep an eye on the news.
What was that?
Isn't that the guy from the New Year's Eve case?
Who's that other guy?
Sawazaki, this is Anzai.
A devil is under attack. It's not our jurisdiction, but it's an emergency; I'm heading out.
The target is the trans person from the New Year's Eve case.
He's an informant in the Ikebukuro case!
Where is he now?
He's running across some rooftops south of Bar Sakaki.
I can see him from my room.
I authorize your deployment, Officer Anzai.
Go protect the target!
Mr. Five O'Clock Shadow is the Touo TV cameraman.
He's the guy that kept the camera rolling from when the devil drank blood at the plaza
until I knocked him out after I explicitly told him not to.
And while he was filming he kept saying, Just kill him already.
I will assist in the arrest, Officer Anzai.
You sure talk big for someone who won't give us his real name.
My real name is Johannes Kleemann.
Born in Hybrid Birth Plan Term 15, White Group Number 7.
Raised under the supervision of ONLO in Obihiro.
You keep going on and on about identity.
So what term, group, and number are you?
Well, we can talk about that later. Let's go.
If you lose it, I'll just punch your lights out again.
Lock the door and hide.
Hybrid Birth Plan?
I thought ONLO was just an orphanage for devil children.
Attention F Squad.
Anzai has deployed with my permission. This is an emergency situation.
Jill, stand by in the bar.
What? Again? Why?
You both should know.
All devil personnel have been removed from duty for now.
But right now the safety of our target comes first.
We just need to make sure the brass doesn't find out.
I guess I should monitor Anzai's temperature and heartrate.
Hey, what is that?
You've never monitored me.
I don't know the details.
All I know is that ONLO asked me to monitor his health.
Note: The Japanese word used for the person who is it in a game of tag means devil. It's like tag, only this time, the devil is the one running away.
As a kid, I always thought it was weird.
There's only one it. Why don't the runners ever band together to defeat them?
Sure, a transformed devil is vicious, but it shouldn't take long to figure out...
that humans have the devils hopelessly outnumbered.
Now we humans will chase down the devil its, and there'll be even less of you.
Outnumbered, huh?
I'm counting three-to-one here.
Hey, don't make him bleed.
What? Not even a little nosebleed?
Didn't you know? Murderers don't have human blood in their veins.
And that's not a metaphor.
What are you trying to say?
His blood is actually ketchup.
Huh?
At least come up with something that's actually funny!
Hey, I got your mind off it.
No more signs of you transforming.
So I guess you really do only go full-on devil when you're lusting after Tsukasa.
Even blood from an old man like me turns you on, eh?
I almost feel sorry for you devils.
You talk too much, Ketchup.
You really don't have to listen to a ketchup like him.
When you need to pull it out, you need to pull it out.
What?
A doctor told me that.
Sexual lust comes with bloodlust and vice versa. It's physiological.
So instead of relying on sedatives, a more natural outlet would be masturbation.
Anyway, got any handcuffs?
So you just accept the idea that we have lusts that lead us to murder.
Whether you accept it or not, bloodlust is going to exist.
The question is how to control it.
He's right.
But...
Anzai! Where's Katagiri?
I-I'm here!
Wait, aren't you Tsukasa's...
Lee's here, too?
Um... Lee's here, too?
Are the people at the bar alright?
This man said he was going to kill them, too.
I left another detective at the bar.
You said he's an informant on the Ikebukuro case.
Is that why that guy was after him?
Anzai, hide Katagiri at Bar Sakaki.
And don't answer any questions from the investigation team.
Katagiri's tip isn't common knowledge at HQ.
Only a few people know about it.
There's a mole?
Well, well. Looks just like his father.
That is a surprise.
To think I'd see a child of the light and a child of the dark together in one place.
You're hurt.
Tsukasa...
Oryo! Why are you...?
Apparently he's a vital witness in the Ikebukuro case.
What the hell did you see?
On the news, they said that the suspect jumped to his death, but he didn't.
I saw it happen.
As he fell, he was saying something.
I think he was saying, Traitor.
Did that happen when he was chasing you?
This is, um...
No. You did that to yourself, to fend off your bloodlust, didn't you?
I saw the dead boy's blood.
Devils do it all the time.
One of my coworkers at the bar said she used to do it, too.
She was wondering what's going to become of us now.
Are they trolling us? Or is it movie footage?
Johannes, take care of Oryo.
I'll go in through the window and come down when my eyes are back to normal.
But Anzai, you have to get your wounds treated.
I'm fine. Just go to your room.
It's nothing to worry about.
That's just how he deals with his bloodlust right now.
Tsukasa, are you angry?
Bloodlust is going to exist.
I can't change that fact.
But...
if I admit that this craving is natural,
it would be like I...
No, I've been a devil...
since the day I met her.
You've lost a lot of blood.
We need to get you to a hospital.
But that Sawazaki guy said we have to hide him.
If we leave him like this, he could die.
But what hospitals around here treat devils?
Shirase Hospital.
Jill, call Sawazaki for me.
Taira, you go back to the bar.
Actually...
Hey, where are you going?
We're taking Oryo to the hospital.
You don't have to go with them. Stay here.
It's not safe out there.
No.
Makimura, give me a status report.
Come in, Makimura!
Nothing to report.
What about you?
We arrested the guy.
Now I'm looking for Katagiri; he's gone missing.
You stay where you are.
Understood. You be careful.
Eleven. Zero Four's been arrested.
And there was a human working at Cross Bar.
You told me they were all devils.
I can't stand incompetence.
Next time you slip up, you're sleeping with the fishes.
Zero Seven!
Shirase Hospital
Uno, you remember this one?
You mean the sniper?
Material Witness Tenjo, Nanako Yeah, and I'm sure I've seen that name somewhere before.
Hang in there, Oryo! We're almost there!
She's escaping! Hey, stop!
Who is that? A devil?
That's the person who shot Anzai.
Give me the keys to your car! Or I'll break her neck!
Sotto tokete yuku you ni
Motto ai shiaetara
Nani o tsutaerareta no
Ai o tsumugenai meguriawase
Dare ka yurushite
Kegareta sugata ga boku de aru koto o
Aa doushite
Fureru yubi ga furueteiru
It's story of fight together
Dakishimetai yo
Kizu tsukezu ni mamoritai yo
Anata dake o
It's story of desire forever
Aragai tsuzukeru
Wakiagaru shoudou ni
Aa, mata boku wa...
Deep red dawn
Sotto futari tokete yuku you ni...
Next Time
DEVILS' LINE,
Line 7,
Chaser.
Chaser
