SIGNS oh god timer why did you do the op credits
OP
ED
Jo - Johnny!?
Stop!
Stop it!
What's wrong, Takizawa?
I'm gonna give him a good smacking.
Is something wrong, sir?
Maybe you shouldn't be wearing that shirt around...
Don't worry about it. I think I get why SeleCao II wanted me to wear it now.
Iinuma Akira, correct?
Yeah...
I'm Iinuma Seijiro's wife, Iinuma Chigusa.
Who are you? And how are you connected to yesterday's missile incident?
Missile incident?
Oh, right, I think I'm one of the people it was targeting.
I see.
So you're admitting you're one of the terrorists.
What!?
The government has announced that last night's incident
was a preemptive attack on the terrorists who perpetrated Careless Monday.
Why have they done that!?
Is this another part of Mononobe's request?
In any case, your existence is nothing but an insult to Iinuma Seijiro.
Even after Iinuma was brought down by infighting, he stood up for this country again,
and died with patriotism still burning in his heart.
I'll show the world all of your misdeeds, starting with claiming to be Iinuma Seijiro's illegitimate son!
I'm having your DNA tested.
Sorry. Looks like I can't stay with you for now.
Anyway...
There's a favor I need to ask.
Can you find my mom?
I met her on Careless Monday.
I think it was somewhere around Aomono-Yokoch.
One of the people I evacuated was a woman with a mameshiba dog.
I'm pretty sure it was mom.
Then that dog -
When she realized it was me, she got flustered and ran away, leaving it behind.
I checked the evacuation point later, but I couldn't find her.
Then you have your memories back, Takizawa!?
Well, at least of being Takizawa Akira.
Anyway, can you do that for me?
I'll try.
Thanks for taking care of it for me.
Oh, right.
I almost forgot.
This is...
A memento of our time in New York.
I'll keep in touch.
Saki!
Where's Takizawa?
Prime Minister Iinuma's backers took him somewhere.
At least it means the media didn't pick up on it.
But what are they doing here?
It looks like they've been waiting here since the news leaked a couple days ago.
Anyway, let's get out of here.
You're pretty famous now too.
I need to tell Hirasawa about Takizawa's mother too.
Wait.
If you're going to use your phone, download AirShip first.
It's a VoIP program Itazu made.
Their phones are being tapped by the Public Security Intelligence Agency.
You should use it if you need to contact them.
Tapped?
It seems like the police are intent on pinning the missile attacks on Eden of the East.
Anyway, I'm gonna go get the car.
Hello?
Saki?
Oh, I see.
I was worried when you took so long to call.
What about Takizawa?
I see.
Got it.
We can't use the Eden System now, though.
We're going to have to use the old system we left at school.
I'll give you the password to get in.
Thanks.
I'll keep in touch.
Okay, next...
Hello?
Saki? What's up?
You're back already?
What, you want me to come now?
What?
And you want me to bring the dog?
Come on, you know what time we have to open in the morning.
Please?
Will they bring her?
Yeah.
Great.
Oh, I tried an image search.
Take a look.
A request for the PSIA to investigate Eden of the East?
Oh man.
Mononobe's going after Juiz again, too.
Kuroha protected her once,
but if I don't do it myself this time, I won't be able to save anyone.
What do I do? If I use Juiz, I'll get found out.
Okada!
No, Takizawa!
I finally found you!
Let me go!
Right now I'm Iinuma Akira...
Like I didn't know that!
What the hell do you think you're doing going from being Air King to the Prime Minister's son!?
You even dragged us to the airport. What are you up to now!?
This is gonna be another sausage party, isn't it!
Wait, are you one of the 20,000 NEETs?
II gathered you here or something?
What are you talking about!? You screwed us over!
I thought I'd be happier as part of the AKX20000, but now I'm just a freeter!
I was better off as a NEET.
Take responsibility!
I'm pretty sure that one wasn't my fault...
Yes it was!
Fine, fine.
Can you do one more thing for me, then?
You're going to make things interesting again, aren't you.
Kind of.
How long are you going to keep us waiting?
Hurry it up, the media and the NEETs are already all over.
That's it. Cover your face like that.
I've sent Takizawa the AirShip installer.
There's new stuff showing up in his history.
What's this? Business cards and an office rental?
An election strategy from a marketing agency?
There's more.
He's cozying up to all of the major parties, and doing favors for major politicians and financiers.
In other words, he's serious.
Is he getting ready for a debut as a hereditary politician?
Takizawa...
Hello?
I know.
Saki called earlier.
So you know more about what's going on here than I do.
Like with yesterday's missiles.
Yeah.
If XI hadn't taken it for me, it would've been game over.
But I can't just let this game end yet.
I want to save my Juiz somehow.
Got it.
It looks like our fate is tied to yours anyway.
I'll put you on to the man closest to the answer you seek.
'Sup, Vintage. You chill?
Itazu! It's been a while.
Let's can the small talk.
I checked out XII's account, and it's showin' gas and expenses for a driver,
but I didn't realize he was gonna drive in circles forever.
This probably would've meant that SOB with the slicked-back hair, I, would've beat us to the punch,
but I've been keepin' an eye on them since last night with the Chuo Expressway cameras.
There's a couple trailers I thought wandered off,
but I picked'em up in convoy heading inbound a couple hours back.
Man, you're awesome!
No shit.
And trailer IX just took the Kawasaki-Ukishima exit.
If we look at how long they've been on the road,
they're probably gonna stop for gas and to switch drivers any time now.
That means...
Juiz's next destination is probably Umihotaru.
Umihotaru?
Looks that way.
So...
What are you gonna do now?
I'll go check out Umihotaru.
Without Juiz, I'm just an amnesiac normal guy.
If you're a normal guy, what are we?
You're really something special. The PSIA being after you just proves it.
It must be pretty tough getting caught up in something like this alone.
But from here on we'll share the burden.
I'm prepared to share your fate.
I'm going to Umihotaru. Let's rendezvous there.
You sure?
If you get any deeper, you won't be able to go back to your old lives.
That's my line.
I'm sick of being a NEET anyway.
Got it.
Let's meet at Umihotaru.
Hey!
You can show your face now.
Tadah!
- It worked! Look at what I pulled off!
- Who are you!?
I'm -
Even if you come back, you'll never find me!
Serves you right!
Hey!
Sorry, traffic was horrible.
I know you're busy, but you should come home sometimes.
Here's your dog.
I'll explain this all later.
Don't worry about me.
Thanks.
I'm just glad you've finally found your calling.
Man, you're always such a quick worker.
Yeah, right.
He may look like a dick, but he knows his stuff.
Give it to him, okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just like that.
Thanks a ton.
Give it another shot, Outside!
His shirt seems to state that the succession of missile attacks came from outside the country.
This is nothing more than a continuation of Iinumaism, often ridiculed as a right-wing movement.
Here we go, now it's getting serious.
Even if you meant those shirts for Mr. Outside, no one else thinks so, IX.
C'mon, gimme a break.
Weren't you sleeping?
You're still going, even without your Juiz?
I'm staking my pride on this fight.
I see.
I made the arrangements. You should get going.
Here's some money and the address of where I'd like you to go.
Thanks.
I'll pay you back someday.
Don't worry about it.
What do we do?
Annie!?
You came back!
So her name is Angelika?
Yeah. Isn't it a beautiful name?
Anyway, you think I'm the mother of that missile terrorist?
No way.
Come on, think about it.
He only lived with his mother in New York until age five, right?
You can't rely on childhood memories like that.
Then why'd you run away and leave her behind on Careless Monday?
I ran because I was told to run.
It saved my life, but my home was destroyed.
But did you live in New York?
For a while. A vacation, but a long one.
And did you stay at the Gramercy?
Perhaps.
There was a theatre called Angelika nearby.
The same name as your dog.
Is that just a coincidence?
No.
Do you have children?
I had one.
When?
He said his mother abandoned him in Japan at age five...
He was given some small change,
and then when he turned around from the department store register, his mother was gone.
Do you mind if I use your bathroom?
It's over there.
Hey, that's her. She used to be hot.
And that man behind her - !
Saki.
Look.
Yeah. I think it's her when she was younger.
And look behind her.
Prime Minister Iinuma!
Yeah, I think so.
What's going on?
Looking at this, maybe Takizawa being Iinuma Seijiro's illegitimate son
isn't just something Juiz made up.
At first...
I thought that this could all be cleared up
by having the PSIA capture the terrorist who launched the missiles and his friends.
Yes.
Didn't you arrange it with that phone from Ato?
Since he's been back, I've also heard the rumor that he's really Iinuma's son.
Oh?
And those T-shirts have certainly caught the eyes of many junior officers.
As the son of a hawkish PM, perhaps he would have access to missiles.
I'll check it all out. No need to worry.
Mononobe.
About the proposals to raise the estate tax to 100 and reestablish the Home Ministry.
I intend to support them.
Understood.
Perhaps it's time for extreme measures.
Maybe that.
Hello, this is Mononobe.
There's a chance that Iinuma Seijiro may have had a mistress around twenty years ago.
Can you check it out?
I see.
Did you find that out during your investigation in New York?
So that means Iinuma himself must have continued to pay for the hotel.
It was kept reserved until half a year ago, when that man appeared.
Understood. I'll leave it to you.
Juiz. Put me through to the National Tax Agency.
Umihotaru?
It's from Grandfather.
Where are the trailer drivers?
They're on break.
It was a nonstop trip from Yamanashi.
It's not like we get a break either.
What did Grandfather have to say?
He doesn't want to stop how the game's developing,
so we're to continue as usual.
We're to fulfill any request.
Yeah, we knew that already.
After all, we're not SeleCao or Juiz,
just ball girls.
Right?
But what if I requests a missile attack?
It'll kill us!
Maybe we should just hide those somewhere.
We can't.
It's against Grandfather's rules.
And I don't think I will launch a missile here.
Hey.
Isn't that SeleCao IX?
Yeah, it is!
This is Juiz.
IX. It seems like you're in the specified area.
Yeah.
To be honest, I'm right by your side. Can't you tell?
I'm not actually equipped with visual sensors, so...
Aww, and here I thought I'd surprise you.
Too bad.
I'm sorry.
You don't need to apologize.
We've finally met, now.
IX. Why did you come to see me?
I came to save you from a missile attack.
Did you know that?
Yes.
And how will you protect me from the missiles?
I haven't really thought of that part yet.
Hey, I moved his trailer.
So he's trying to steal away his own Juiz?
Juiz.
Can you make me able to drive a semi?
You know, like in The Matrix.
But you already have every license they issue, from motorcycles to semis.
Really?
Wow, I guess.
Hey, I just had a great idea, Juiz.
IX too?
But it's not in his history.
He's driving it himself?
I see, he's following I's trailer so he can't be bombed.
I knew IX was smart!
What do we do?
Do we tell Grandfather?
That's against the rules too.
He didn't use Juiz for this,
so the other SeleCao don't get to know.
Even if it's Grandfather, the rules still apply.
You're right.
What, you're driving Juiz!?
Yeah. I think I's going to keep things within the city, but...
Where are you guys?
We're in a tunnel.
Really? I am too.
Hey, maybe you're in the next one over.
When we reach Umihotaru, we'll call back.
You heard him.
Hijacking Juiz? He never changes.
III ordered sweets for Saizo?
Saizo... Ato Saizo!?
Were Yuuki here, I'd have already sent him to meet you.
Juiz. I'd like to arrange a message to this cafe.
I'm not Japanese anymore, am I.
You two.
I'm closing up soon, but do you two want to stick around?
Um...
Two more mango lassis, then.
Looks like you brought trouble along with you.
I don't think they're just here for a drink, though.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, I was thinking the same thing.
The details implied she was in Tokyo,
but it looks like III is really in Fukuoka.
What's up, Kasuga?
Master. The PSIA may have had us from the start.
Until a few years ago, a radical student group called the Revolutionary Alliance used this room.
Put that together with our current situation, and...
It's not hard to see Eden of the East as a terrorist group.
You're under arrest on suspicion of trespass and subversive activity!
Come out with your hands up!
What's wrong, Panties?
Hey, Pan -
I prepared a hiding place just in case this happened.
Over here.
Isn't that a bit cramped for two?
Hey.
Kasuga.
Did you dig this yourself?
It's an illusion.
Is what I want to say, but this tunnel was dug far out to the east during
the revolutionary movements of the'60s, when the Red Army requested
the student movement's participation in the anti-Narita protests.
Never thought I'd be saved by a tunnel the baby boomers dug for their protests.
It's thrilling using the relics of that terrible generation to escape our enemies!
Maybe we need to take things like that and make them our own.
Glad to see you back, Takizawa.
Tak!
It's been a while.
How've you been, Mittan?
My name's not Mittan!
Man, you guys haven't changed at all.
This is kinda sudden, but that semi's driver is on break.
Why don't you take this chance to drive it, Hirasawa?
That way even if the missiles do come, I loses too.
Hey!
I can't drive trucks!
I just did, so I'm sure you can figure it out.
But...
Oh, right!
I used to have a CDL.
Okay, hold on tight!
Let's go! Follow me!
Wait, where are we going?
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Take a look at the entrance without being too obvious.
There's a window in the storage room next to the bathroom.
You can get away through there.
Anyway, I'm going first.
Saki. I'll hold them off here, you follow her.
If Takizawa is really Iinuma Seijiro's son, we might be able to turn things around.
So you need to get her story somehow.
Ohsugi!
Go!
Saki!
Thanks, Ohsugi.
Sorry, sir, we're closed -
So these are tomorrow's witnesses.
Looks like it'll be pretty interesting.
Mononobe pulled off a checkmate without even using his phone.
The NTA?
Terrible news, Tsuji!
The NTA auditors are onto us!
Now you've done it.
Are you okay?
You found the link between III and Mr. Outside?
Not quite yet.
But...
Checking out III's history, we found an order from a cafe in Shinbashi called Oda-Fuji.
And one from I earlier too.
The cost of sending a message to the cafe Saizo frequents.
That's what was in there.
I see.
Takizawa's too deeply involved in what he's doing.
I'll go check it out.
Email me the detailed log.
Hey, hold it! It's too dangerous to go alone, we don't know what's there!
If that happens, you'll have to handle the rest.
I know I can leave Eden to you.
Idiot!
Quit being so gloomy!
Try to get along with Micchon.
She's ticked that you hung up on her.
Wait!
I'm sorry. I took something.
But this is you and Prime Minister Iinuma, isn't it.
And... You're pregnant in it.
Was the baby inside you Takizawa?
His past is fading away.
But if I know your past...
I think I can save him.
Even if the public thinks he's a terrorist now,
if he's really Prime Minister Iinuma's son,
maybe we can change things.
Please, tell me.
You're Takizawa's mother, aren't you.
What a nostalgic photo.
As far as I'm concerned, someone's age or status doesn't matter compared to their wallet.
If you wanted to make me look bad, you could say that money is everything to me.
So if I taught my son anything...
Well, that's it.
So he was abandoned with nothing but 500 yen.
I wonder what he thinks of that?
How does he think of money?
Takizawa has the opportunity to spend ten billion yen freely.
But...
He hasn't spent a single yen of it on himself.
That's the kind of person he is.
I see.
Then he can't be my son.
You'll have to handle the rest yourself.
Saki!
So Aya wasn't Takizawa's mother?
No, she is.
She knew he was left with 500 yen.
I should probably call him.
Tell Takizawa I found his mother.
That it really is his mother.
So why are you hesitating?
If I tell him...
If I tell him, he'll never come back to me!
Saki...
No! Don't give up!
Let's go see Takizawa, and talk with him in person.
He's waiting for you!
Sorry.
I don't mean to bother you.
Be seated.
You disappear at the airport, and then come back in a semi?
And in the trailer...
I've heard it's what the government attacked yesterday night.
Just what are you doing?
Without it, I won't be able to deal with this situation.
That's why I brought it.
I guess it is kind of inconvenient, though.
How audacious. You make quite the terrorist.
I'm not a terrorist!
Then what are you?
It's kind of hard to explain.
To put it simply, I'm one of those chosen to improve this country...
Terrorists all say that.
Well, uh...
Man, this is tough.
How do I explain it to you?
I've heard quite enough already.
I have no intention of debating with you what you are and are not.
What I'd like to determine once and for all is what you're after.
Why have you come here calling yourself Iinuma Seijiro's illegitimate son?
That's what I want to know.
Are you after money?
Or is this another of your terrorist plots?
No way!
I didn't think I was Iinuma's son either.
It's tough to put it into words properly.
I just thought I'd become this country's king,
and support those who were having a hard time on their own.
One thing led to another, and now I'm on my way to becoming Prime Minister myself.
Do you understand what you're saying?
I know what I'm talking about sounds unreasonable.
But it's true.
It's not like I want to be king if I don't have to or anything.
If I were, I'd be responsible for everything, and everyone would complain to me.
I'd never be able to do it without wiping my memory.
But I accept that there's something I can do.
He accepts becoming a king...
My Iinuma thought he'd be able to enjoy the rest of his life after retiring from government,
but he became Prime Minister again at the request of those around him.
Even still, he wasn't able to do anything, and just passed on.
Even if you are Iinuma's son, the road ahead won't be easy.
You'll be even more powerless than you were as a terrorist.
Yes.
But I still can't give up until I teach the people who just keep on passing the buck a lesson.
Mononobe?
How could he know -
Mononobe? Maybe he's here to meet me.
Yes, I believe he said so.
I simply don't know what's happening.
I'm sorry.
Very well. Use the study.
But keep in mind, I'm participating in hearings about you tomorrow.
Even if I'm entertaining the notion that you're Iinuma's illegitimate son...
Even though I concealed you here...
I must accuse you of terrorism.
I understand. That's okay.
So he hasn't been seen in almost 30 years...
You're a tough one.
I never expected even Juiz to take an interest.
And you've managed to counter even my most indirect requests
and somehow turn things around.
I've lost the game.
Did you just come here to say that?
Because of that, I have a request for you, too.
Shall we withdraw from this game?
Even before I became a bureaucrat, I pondered what I'd like to do with this country.
But when it came to be, I found problem after problem piled up,
to the degree that even a bureaucrat's powers couldn't solve them legitimately.
That's why I decided to wait for the government to destroy itself.
And that's when I got this.
Er... Are you Ato Saizo?
Who are you?
I'm Hirasawa. A friend of IX.
I came to ask you something.
Young man.
If someone gave you ten billion yen and told you to improve this county, how would you use it?
Did you just pick the twelve SeleCao from among your passengers?
Toshiko's such an inconvenience sometimes.
And?
What did you need?
You don't intend to stop this game, no matter who asks, do you.
Where does it even end?
When Ato asked me how I'd spend 10 billion yen,
I told him what this country needs is a diet.
Have the government take the lead in distributing useful talent,
and focus only on fields which improve our standing in the world.
Make the country leaner, more agile.
In order to achieve this swiftly, the government must be stripped to the bone.
And this led you to that missile attack?
Yes.
But really, I didn't even need missiles.
All the country needs is one big shock.
Thus, I've no need for some magic phone.
My connection and skill at negotiation will suffice.
Then, what I did...
Your actions, and Yuuki's, fell neatly into my plan.
Thank you.
Why didn't you tell me?
I've been busting myself thinking I'll be killed if I don't play along with the game,
but cooperating with other SeleCao will let us come up with better ideas!
I'm a bit too stubborn for that.
Then you should become Prime Minister, Mononobe.
You're a lot better fit for the job than I am, anyway.
I'm opening the gates.
No one's looking, we'll be fine.
Where's Takizawa?
He went in the mansion, and hasn't come out.
Did you find his mother?
I need to tell him about it directly.
If you become Prime Minister,
I'll happily quit this game and support you.
Sorry, but I'm not interested in being a PM or a king.
The populace are nothing but a hundred million egoists.
You should know that very well.
Modern Prime Ministers are nothing but scapegoats.
Gaining freedom for themselves, they become only an outlet for the citizens who lack it.
Even Iinuma Seijiro sacrificed himself to no avail.
Then how do you plan on making this country leaner and more agile?
First. Take the citizens' freedom without them realizing.
Even though they're so irresponsible and indecisive,
they hate having the will of others imposed on them.
Thus, my first step in changing the country would be the revival of the Home Ministry.
The Home Ministry?
You don't even know that, and you think you can be Prime Minister?
Hello?
Hello, Takizawa?
Saki?
Sorry I didn't call you yet.
It's about your mother.
How'd it go?
I found her. The woman you mentioned really was your mother.
She runs a pub in Mishuku.
Really?
Yeah.
Her name's Iwashita Aya.
I think she was Prime Minister Iinuma's mistress when he was only an MP.
She said he paid her rent at the hotel in New York.
I think she lived there twenty years ago.
I found a picture of her in New York with Prime Minister Iinuma while she was pregnant, too.
So you really are his son.
I see.
So that's why I remembered New York.
Where are you now, Saki?
Right outside the front door. I'm with Micchon and the others.
I see you, Saki.
Takizawa...
I'm glad I found my past.
I think I understand what my mom's like now.
Thanks, Saki.
It looks like you have your past back.
So, how does it feel being the Prime Minister's son?
You knew, Mononobe?
It doesn't feel real at all.
Then let's get back to the real issue.
I'll give you a budget equal to the money left on your phone.
And there's no need to worry about the Supporter anymore.
I'll also remove your friends from suspicion.
In return, you disappear off to somewhere.
Sounds pretty good.
There's one thing I'd like to ask, though.
When you talk about the citizens...
What do they mean to you?
That's a silly question.
Citizens are nothing more than parts for improving the nation.
They're nothing to be concerned about individually.
But they're each individuals who want to become someone.
That's just an inconvenience.
It's impossible for everyone to become someone.
You may be right...
But expressing their individuality makes them stronger.
If I hadn't been told I was one of the few chosen to save Japan, I don't think I'd ever have come this far.
So you're turning down my offer?
Maybe. Just once, I want to broadcast my demands to the whole country like a proper terrorist.
At first I thought I'd become a king or something, but it looks like there's no time for that.
Not for a nobody like me, just like when I was standing in front of the White House.
Yes, Juiz speaking.
Juiz. I'd like to make a phone call to everyone in the country.
Can you do it?
The phone bill for that will be huge.
It's quite possible that it'll take every yen you have.
Do you still want to?
That's inconvenient.
Can you leave me just a hundred million yen?
That's a very tall order.
I see.
I know! I can use that!
Can you tell me one thing?
When you asked Takizawa how he'd spend 10 billion yen, how did he respond?
I didn't ask him that.
Could I have one paper?
Sure.
Don't worry about the money. The people who only want one are the people who really want to read it.
Don't you sell them one by one?
Don't worry, I make enough off the people who aren't gonna read.
It's pretty tough to get them to pay up, though.
I guess.
By the way, boy. Why are you delivering newspapers this late?
It's practice for earning money.
People are funny.
Even a five-year-old knows how to spend money,
but there's plenty of adults who don't know how to earn it.
They feel better handing over money than bowing their head and taking it.
They go on and on about how the customer's always right, always the winner,
but isn't that supposed to be how the seller feels, not them?
You're right.
But if everyone's spending, who's left to provide the service?
I think a society where people prefer earning to spending is a healthier one.
And that's why you chose him as a SeleCao?
No, because you were curious why he thought that way?
It looks like we'll never agree.
Really? I think we look at things the same way.
Do as you will.
Hello?
Master! A message from Juiz!
What!?
I'd like your aid in completing one of IX's requests.
Vintage!?
Yes. I want to use AirShip to connect Eden of the East to every cell phone in Japan.
What is he up to now?
It's from Tak.
Master! It's here!
Good morning, everyone.
I'm the Air King, perpetrator of the terrorist attacks beginning with Careless Monday, Takizawa Akira.
Yesterday I proclaimed myself Prime Minister Iinuma's son in order to get your attention,
but to tell the truth, I have absolutely no connection to the late Prime Minister.
I'd like to apologize from the depths of my heart to his relations for this.
What's Tak doing? Is he just going to waste Saki's hard work?
Anyway, to get to the point.
I'm announcing my next terrorist plot, so everyone pay attention.
I think I'll take another mass of youth off to paradise.
This time, far more than the 20,000 of half a year ago.
This country will lose the workers who form the basis of its future!
To avoid this...
You must comply with my demand.
He's playing the Pied Piper again?
What's he trying to do?
Only one thing will satisfy me.
All the old men convinced they're successful need to throw away everything they clutch to themselves!
Show us you have the will to journey with us to a new paradise!
This is my demand.
If you don't accept, the values of today will be wiped away,
and the paradise you dreamed of will disappear.
The previous missile attacks were nothing but practice for this day.
If you ignore my demands, something even more fearsome will befall this country.
But if you listen at all to what I have to say,
something wonderful is waiting for you.
Also, I'm giving each and every one of you one yen worth of e-money.
Think of it as a parting gift
and as proof that what I've said is true.
A promissory note of sorts.
Juiz. Give each phone I'm connected to now one yen of e-money.
Understood.
May you continue to be a beloved king, instilling hope and fear in your subjects.
Very well!
NEETs who have locked yourselves in your rooms!
It's your turn now!
Using AirShip, assemble at the promised land, the Eden of the East!
I'll be waiting.
What's he thinking!?
Even if he makes some clever points, a political argument isn't enough to get them going!
Once, we too tried recklessly to improve this country.
Looking back on it now, we call our actions mistaken.
But back then, we were amateurs who didn't know our left from our right.
If what we did was wrong, then what was right?
And yet, even though we'd though we'd changed so little,
the rules of the world changed so much.
The idea that this country needed new ideas before it sank deeper came to the fore.
I guess it means that even though telling the older generation to accept this seems cruel,
in the end, you need to ask them to give up their power and hand over responsibility.
Even Japan's beloved Sakamoto Ryoma and Shirasu Jiro
just avoided being dirtied by choosing their fights carefully.
The true saviors of this country are those unknowns who, simply by virtue of steadily living their daily lives
became the bloodied losers of history.
In front of a society which subconsciously loathes this concept,
IX takes the risk of becoming a scapegoat.
Interesting.
It's time to drop the curtain on this game for now.
I've chosen a winner.
Did that phone call really go to everyone in Japan?
Yeah, I think.
Sorry to cause you so much trouble.
I'll be running away as a terrorist now. Good luck at the hearing.
I understand. Farewell.
Oh, right. Here.
I don't think you even need to see it, though.
He does rather remind me of the master.
I'm sorry.
Don't worry.
If you think so, I don't mind.
You always make such drastic decisions.
But this country's people are amazingly cynical.
Don't hold your breath hoping they'll get the message.
Isn't that a rather lonely point of view?
Maybe, but it's reality.
Mononobe!
Hello, SeleCao.
This is Mr. Outside.
This may be sudden, but with this phone call, the current game comes to a close.
I'm satisfied with the progress I've seen from you.
Therefore, you're all winners.
I look forward to seeing you develop into people whose talents can change Japan for the better.
I've always been that kind of person anyway.
As thanks for participating in my game to the very end,
I have a wonderful present for you all.
I'd like you all to have this.
It's a bonus I prepared for you SeleCao in advance.
Noblesse oblige.
May you continue to be this country's potential messiahs.
Potential?
Stop it! Not me!
Thank you, Saizo.
Farewell.
A present? What is it?
When I gave them their phones,
I left one little trap waiting.
This will free them from the game completely.
Just how much do you intend to play with people's lives!?
I'm not old enough to lose to you kids yet.
Tak!
Takizawa!
What's wrong, Takizawa!
Excuse me.
I've heard there's a man named Takizawa here.
Mononobe!
Who are you?
You're in my way.
Don't you remember me after all I've done for you!?
I wonder if that sound didn't work on me because I already wiped my own memory?
Never mind that. What are you doing calling everyone in Japan and telling them that, Tak!?
Don't worry. It'll work out fine.
I'm sure they'll understand what you were trying to tell them.
Thanks, Saki.
I wonder if Mom was paying attention?
Really!?
What a mom.
Pushing it that far.
So Tak really isn't the PM's illegitimate son!?
Looks that way.
But at least I'm not causing any trouble for Chigusa this way.
So you really are a terrorist, then, Tak?
Isn't this dangerous?
Yeah! What will everyone think!?
Yeah, I guess...
Anyway, I'm going.
Going? Where?
Don't you realize why Saki came here!?
Takizawa...
Sorry.
But I remembered one last thing I have to so.
As soon as I'm done with that, I'll come back to you.
See ya.
Tell Hirasawa, Itazu, and Kasuga thanks for me.
You'd better come back.
Promise me.
Sure. I'll come back.
And that was the last we saw of Takizawa.
After he announced his terrorist plot and the SeleCao game ended,
his wish to become a king was wiped away too.
So Takizawa is still surrounded with mysteries.
But there are still a few people who want him to become a king.
Chigusa.
Takizawa and the PM had no blood relation,
but in their short conversation she saw in him her husband's determination.
And Aya, who implicitly admitted that Takizawa was her son.
Along with the dog, she disappeared again.
She's probably trying to hide away the secret of Takizawa's birth.
The NEETs who Takizawa gathered
run a co-op flea market at the shopping mall they consider a holy land along with the AKX20000.
Sadly, Takizawa hasn't appeared there for them.
Even though they resent the Air King, they wait every day for his return.
And, as for the old men who responded to his demand,
at first they followed Takizawa's demands and went to meet with the NEETs,
And some companies announced a hiring war, but neither lasted long.
Still, the majority of the NEETs took up jobs,
and made that place into a paradise of new financial activity.
They've made Japan a little brighter.
For us, who were cast as the villains,
society's judgment was too harsh, and for a time we were forced to close Eden as a company.
Afterwards, under Hirasawa and Itazu's leadership,
they moved to Toyosu and lived communally while working on a more user-friendly system.
It's been half a year now.
I still haven't seen any big changes in the country.
But it's changing somehow in places I can't see.
I believe this.
And somewhere in this city, Takizawa believes it too and is working hard to make it happen.
Pouring his heart and soul into everyone's hopes.
Young man.
If someone gave you ten billion yen and told you to improve this county, how would you use it?
Back to that again?
I've finally found you, Mr. Outside.
Who are you?
Quit playing senile!
Didn't you say we'd automatically meet you when we won the game?
You should keep your promises!
Okay, that's good enough.
We're even now.
Anyway, there's some things I need you to do for me.
Just for starters, how about turning right at this next intersection?
There's still lots of things we need to do.
I told you, stop acting like you've gone senile!
This is the story of the eleven days I spent with Takizawa.
Give it another shot, Outside!
Connected
Hainuzuka
Mameshiba
Friend of Takizawa Akira
Name unknown
Mascot of the Asian restaurant Hyne in Mishuku
Missing since Careless Monday
Third missile strike
Second missile strike
First missile
strike
Send trailer 3 out in advance
Iinuma Akira and Morimi Saki in Chelsea
Attract policeman's attention at Grand Central Station
Tokyo Aqua Line toll (Kisarazu Plaza)
Grandfather
Move I's trailer from Umihotaru
Call to NTA
Sweets for Saizo
Music box music at the nurses' station
Call to NTA
Airtime
Airtime
Itazu Yutaka
This is the newest shot of Ato Saizo!
Thought to have been taken in the early 1980s
Ato Taxi
I've found you, Mr. Outside. Once I settle things here, I'll come visit.
Call everyone in the country
Airtime (call to Kasuga Haruo)
Tokyo Aqua Line toll (Kisarazu Plaza)
Remind me to visit the theatre where I first saw Dumbo after my memory is wiped
Mind-wiping program/ATO Neuro
Force AirShip install on every cell phone
Takizawa Akira
National DNA Laboratory
