Qian Qian, I haven't seen you in days. I missed you terribly.
Have you missed me?
I came to tell you some important news.
Do you know who reincarnated into Yuan Zhen's father in this lifetime?
Could it be your grandfather?
It isn't my grandfather, but that is close.
Then...
Lord Shaoyang of Dong Hua Zi Manor.
Dong Hua Dijun?
Could Xiao Jiu have-
I'm going to close the window.
Are you sleeping on the inside or the outside of the bed?
I'll... sleep on the floor.
Qian Qian, if you sleep on the floor or the bed tonight
the end result will be the same.
If you had any magic power
you could fight me then we'd both end up wounded.
But haven't I already sealed away your powers?
Or perhaps, are you only putting on a show of reluctance?
Lord Ye Hua, you must be joking.
I'm just afraid the bed is too small. I don't want to be a bad host.
I'm used to sleeping on the outside.
Are there really roc birds in the mortal realm?
The roc bird was borrowed from Buddha.
My second uncle and Si Ming had grudges.
Si Ming has put a lot of energy and effort into this.
I didn't expect Star Lord Si Ming would be so vengeful.
He planned such an elaborate scenario.
If I ruin his plans, won't he bear a grudge against me?
Qian Qian, don't you worry.
He still owes me a big favor.
Do you want me to hold you while you sleep?
As I expected.
I know you move around in your sleep, so that's why I said I'd hold you.
The bed is too small.
Yes, it is indeed.
Qian Qian.
Do you know the immortal Si Yin?
I've... heard of him but never met him.
Didn't he retire and go into seclusion with High God Mo Yuan?
I thought you would know more.
I don't know any more.
Ghost Lord Li Jing made a painting of Si Yin
and has been searching for Si Yin's whereabouts in private.
The painting landed in my possession.
I took a quick look.
And noticed it looked like you dressed as a man.
It must be a coincidence.
It's getting late. Go to sleep.
Third Prince, are you also going to the Feast of Peaches?
Excuse me, excuse me.
I don't know why I've been doing that all day.
It seems someone is talking about you behind your back again, Si Ming.
How can that be?
Such an easygoing, idle deity like me wouldn't be the subject of any gossip.
Where is the Crown Prince? I had seen he was here just now.
He's thinking about a certain high goddess.
He snuck off to the mortal realm while everyone is making a toast.
He'll be back in a half a cup of tea's time.
Qian Qian, come bind my hair for me.
Are you talking to me?
Mi Gu said that you are quite good at combing hair.
I have an audience with the Heavenly Lord today.
It wouldn't be good to look disheveled.
All done.
In the past, you...
It's nothing.
Qian Qian.
Carry this string of beads.
You are no different from a mortal now.
It is unlikely that you will encounter any danger
but it is still good to take precautions.
I'll return to the Celestial Palace now.
Oh, last night, I was so busy that I forgot to tell you
on the first of the sixth month, hold Yuan Zhen back
and then send someone to push Dong Hua Dijun into the water.
This way, you can protect Yuan Zhen
and you won't be hindering Dong Hua Dijun
from experiencing the hardships of life.
This way, everyone will be satisfied.
All right.
What serious matters was he busy with last night?
I nearly forgot about Xiao Jiu.
Master.
I was just about to go looking for you.
- Follow me. - Yes.
Master, what is on your neck over there? It seems to be...
You noticed such a tiny red scar?
Someone once told me
you are so kind that you wouldn't even step on an ant on the road.
It seems that is true.
Do you know that to not step on an ant on the road
not only requires kindness, but also attentiveness?
Kindness and attentiveness are the same.
Yes.
In this case, I shall test your attention to detail.
Please proceed, Master.
I know you were living in the Daoist temple before you were 16 years old.
You only entered the imperial palace after turning 16 years old.
So, I won't pose any difficulties. I will only ask you two questions.
One is regarding the Daoist temple, and the other is regarding the palace.
In the Daoist temple you were living in
there was a nun who wore white robes.
There was a fly whisk she often used. What was the fly whisk made out of?
Fly whisk?
You don't need to answer yet. I'll ask you another question.
In the imperial palace you are living in now
there is a woman who has a birthmark of a plumed cockscomb on her forehead.
Where does this woman reside, what is her position, and what is her name?
Master, I am not well-informed.
While I lived in the temple, I had never seen the white-robed nun you mentioned.
As for this woman who has a plumed cockscomb on her forehead
I do know of her.
She is the Honored Lady Chen who lives in Handan Quarters.
As for Honored Lady Chen's name...
I truly do not know.
Xiao Jiu followed Dong Hua here.
It's already rare for you to have this level of attentiveness.
However, you must be even more meticulous as you study Daoism.
You may go for today.
Go and take note of the manner in which you study.
Yes.
Yuan Zhen, you are actually meticulous enough.
Any more investigation and you'd be a nosy man.
Miss.
What orders do you have, Daoist Master?
Take me to Honored Lady Chen's Handan Quarters.
Yes, please follow me.
Daoist Master, this is Handan Quarters.
Xiao Jiu, Aunt is here to see you.
Aunt, Aunt!
Aunt, I'm begging you, don't take me away!
I love him, Aunt! I can't lose him. I'm begging you, Aunt!
I'm begging you!
I'll do anything to repay you in the next life!
Please let me be with him! Aunt, I'm begging you.
With this crazy behavior
could she have used the Two Lives Curse on herself?
Please, I'm begging you. I'll repay you any way I can.
Someone come!
Help Honored Lady Chen inside.
- Yes. - Yes.
Why did Xiao Jiu use the Two Lives Curse for no reason?
Aunt, please don't take me away.
I want to be with His Majesty for all lifetimes.
Aunt! Aunt!
Wait, why did Aunt come here?
If Aunt knows I used the Two Lives Curse, wouldn't she drag me back to Qing Qiu?
Then how will I repay my debt?
My queen, aren't they respected members of the Celestial Tribe?
Why would they be in our palace?
Because I am going to use their bodies to save my child.
Your Highness, it was already a capital offense to use puppets
to kill high immortals of the Celestial Tribe.
If His Majesty were to know of today's events
wouldn't you be adding to your crimes?
Your Highness, quickly return them!
Shut your mouth. Who are you to tell me what to do, you lowly servant?
- Your Highness, do not be angry! - Guards.
Take this lowly servant to the water dungeon.
- Yes. - Yes.
And summon the generals in.
- Yes. - Your Highness, I won't do it again!
Your Highness, I won't do it again! Your Highness!
I really like this body.
- Greetings, Your Highness. - Greetings, Your Highness...
Come have a look.
- High God Mo Yuan? - High God Mo Yuan?
Your Highness, hasn't he been missing for over 70,000 years?
I will explain this to you in a few days.
I summoned you here to tell you to prepare the elixir chamber.
I am going to use the furnace.
And use Mo Yuan's body to make an elixir for my son's recovery.
- That's... - Elixir?
That's correct.
In a few days, my son will possess
the vitality of the Celestial Tribe's God of War.
Don't you all find it amusing?
Aunt, unfilial daughter Feng Jiu has come to beg for forgiveness.
You've really used the Two Lives Curse?
You are wise, Aunt.
Sit down and talk.
Since you've come to repay a debt
why did you use the Two Lives Curse on yourself?
A while ago, I entered Dijun's dream
to ask him if he has any unfulfilled wishes
or any unattainable infatuation.
What did the stone-faced Dijun say?
Don't tell me he said he doesn't want any riches
or to conquer the world, but only to win someone's heart?
You are wise, Aunt.
Dong Hua Dijun is so unambitious in this lifetime.
It must be because he experienced
the fickleness of human relationships in his early years in the mortal realm
and thus, wishes for a woman who would never leave him.
So, you inserted yourself?
I didn't throw myself in.
It was just that Star Lord Si Ming said Dijun didn't encounter a woman he loves.
But on the first of the sixth month, he will encounter a woman he adores
yet the one the woman loves is Crown Prince Yuan Zhen.
Yuan Zhen?
So, I wanted to offer him my heartfelt affections.
When Dijun encounters the one he loves
I would leave with my work having been done here.
I had thought this was a great plan
but after borrowing Honored Lady Chen's body
I couldn't say any affectionate words when I saw Dijun.
Dying embers are not easily rekindled. Don't brood over it.
That's why I could only use the Two Lives Curse on myself.
During the day, I am able to adore Dijun very much.
When the sun sets, I can be free of such a task.
Were you taken advantage of by Dijun?
Dong Hua Dijun only visited Handan Quarters once
but he left after some time.
Look at you.
Everyday, you make yourself love him so desperately.
Why are you doing this?
I just think loving someone is an act that requires dedication.
It is pretending not to be in love when others are looking
but being in love when others aren't looking.
Never mind. You should just go.
You can continue offering your heart to him.
When you were in Qing Qiu, you lived such a free and unrestrained life.
Look, now you're feeding fish in this place, all for Dong Hua Dijun.
What can you say?
It seems Zizhu Quarters is a place for immortals.
You came back?
There's something I forgot to tell you.
The day after you left for the Eastern Sea banquet
Heavenly Lord's grandson, Ye Hua, came to see me in the Peach Tree Woods
and asked me things about you from 300 years ago.
I told him that after your battle with Qing Cang
you slept for a long time before waking up.
He left and didn't ask anything else.
Bai Qian, your engagement with Ye Hua won't fall through again, will it?
Probably not.
That's good.
Zhen Zhen really misses your cooking.
When will you have time to come to the Peach Tree Woods?
But I'm still repaying a debt in the mortal realm.
Repaying a debt?
The Two Lives Curse is working well on you.
Aunt, he's threatening me.
He's threatening you
only because he wants you back to cook for Fourth Brother.
That's true.
By the way, Aunt, why did you come today?
- For Yuan Zhen. - Yuan Zhen?
Yuan Zhen is the Crown Prince's cousin.
He was sent to the mortal realm because he did some things.
I won't speak at length here.
Didn't you just say?
On the first of the sixth month, a beauty will fall into the water.
Yuan Zhen will save the beauty.
And the beauty will fall in love with him.
Dong Hua Dijun will also fall in love with the beauty.
Yes.
So, I am going to is pull Yuan Zhen out of Dong Hua Dijun's trial of love.
Have you thought of a plan yet, Aunt?
I have.
On the day the beauty falls into the water, I will hold Yuan Zhen back
and then find someone to push Dong Hua Dijun into the water.
Dijun will naturally go and save the woman.
When the two fall for each other, Yuan Zhen will no longer be involved.
Xiao Jiu, are you willing to be the one who pushes Dong Hua Dijun into the water?
I am restricted by the Two Lives Curse. I am not myself during the day.
We will be lucky, if I don't ruin your plan.
I'm afraid I won't be able to do it.
Never mind. That is true.
If I can't find anyone, then I'll have to do it myself.
So you're here.
I went to the mortal realm to look for you.
Let's go. I've been waiting a long time. Come to the West Sea with me.
- Let's go. - The West Sea?
Yes. I was just at the West Sea.
I had happened upon the second prince of the West Sea in the mortal realm.
Mo Yuan's disciple, Bai Qian's Senior Disciple?
That's him.
I came across him in a restaurant in the mortal realm and we had a meal together.
Someone just happened to come to report from the Crystal Palace.
I watched as worry spread across his face as he listened
and he wouldn't stop drinking.
So, I asked him about it.
It turns out the matter he is worried about
is something you can help with.
Me?
Yes, you, High God Zhe Yan.
Come on.
Thank you for coming to examine my son.
I do not know whether I can treat him yet.
Why not let me take a look first?
Yes. This way, please.
It's said that on a certain day 600 years ago
the West Sea's eldest prince's weakened body
steadily began to deteriorate.
The healers of the West Sea examined him
but could not find the cause and were at their wit's end.
They watched as the eldest prince coughed up blood.
They had no choice but to send a request
to the Medicine King in heaven to solve this conundrum.
However, Medicine King could not figure out why he was ill.
In the end, he could only prescribe two medicines
so that Die Yong would stop coughing up blood.
Before Medicine King departed
he said the eldest prince's illness did not seem to be a bodily sickness.
In that case, he could not do anything as Medicine King.
Seeing as there was nothing left to try
they sought medical treatment from all around the world.
But in the end, nobody has managed to cure him.
How could this be?
High God, you have such a grave expression.
Is my son...
Do not worry, Water King.
Eldest Prince's life is not in jeopardy.
Then do you have a way to heal my son?
Let me think about this some more.
Why do you have such an odd expression?
The eldest prince's illness is quite strange.
Give me a few days. I'll tell you after I find the truth.
It is rare to see you so cautious.
Yuan Zhen.
I miss you very much.
- Aunt. - Follow me.
Sit down.
I will stand.
I have found a way to help Yuan Zhen through his trial.
- Allow me offer my heartfelt thanks. - No need. Sit down.
Everything is in order to divert Yuan Zhen's trial
except for the one in the crucial role of pushing someone down.
Pushing someone?
Simply put, on the first of the sixth month, when the beauty appears
someone needs to push the emperor into the water.
All right, I'll do it.
When the time comes, you will use an invisibility spell.
When the beauty appears
walk quietly to the emperor's side and push him into the water.
However, this will cause your powers to turn against you.
It is rather dangerous for you to do it. It should be done by someone strong.
Since this deed must be done, then I'll have my lord do it.
That would be good. After all, he is Yuan Zhen's father.
It would be most appropriate for him to do this misdeed.
I will find my lord now and tell him to see you.
All right. You must be quick.
There isn't much time until the first of the sixth month in the mortal realm.
Do not worry, Aunt.
Now the preparations are complete.
High God, you took me in 70,000 years ago.
Now 70,000 years later, you are going to save my son.
You are certainly our savior.
Your Highness, the altar will be ready before the sun sets.
Good.
Then I shall wait another few hours.
What?
Bai Qian wants me to push Dong Hua Dijun into the water?
Yes.
You agreed?
Aunt said this is the only way to save Yuan Zhen.
Why?
Time is tight. I didn't have time to ask many questions.
But since this is what Aunt says, then this must be the only way that will work!
Could it be...
She wants to use this chance to take revenge on us?
Revenge?
You might not know this.
Those who use their powers to change fate in the mortal realm
will be punished.
Bai Qian could have chosen anyone. She had to choose me?
Isn't she using this to take revenge on me for canceling my engagement to her?
My lord, you cannot say that of my Aunt.
She agreed to go to the mortal realm to help me
out of regard to our relationship as mistress and servant
disregarding any former enmity.
Moreover, she has always been the Aunt I respect the most.
She would never use this chance to turn on us!
All right, all right. Do not be mad.
I am being narrow-minded.
Do not get excited.
I will go to the mortal realm now.
- High Goddess. - Sit.
I must apologize for what happened.
No matter what, it was wrong of me to break off our engagement so suddenly.
No need to mention the past. Sit.
Has anyone ever told you
you look very much like High God Mo Yuan's 17th disciple, Si Yin?
I had met him once. You two-
Water King, since you have come for Yuan Zhen
then there's no need to speak of anything else.
- Let's talk about tomorrow. - Yes.
To be honest
the one you are to push into the water is Dong Hua Dijun.
I was going to have your wife do this, but she is with child.
It would not be very good.
Thank you for taking such thorough consideration.
No need to be polite.
I'll begin talking about what you are to do tomorrow.
All right.
When the time comes tomorrow, you will use an invisibility spell...
Crown Prince, you really cannot stop worrying about the high goddess.
That is Dong Hua Dijun after all.
Do not worry, Your Highness. Dijun is not one who is petty.
When the time comes, the roc bird will appear.
I must hurry and summon Yuan Zhen.
Go call the crown prince to me.
Yes.
Crown Prince, the Daoist Master requests to see you.
Master?
Master, have you called me here at this time for an urgent matter?
It is good you have come.
For some reason, a ray of light just flashed through my mind
and I suddenly understand
all the principles I normally couldn't comprehend.
Would you like to know why?
Of course I would like to know.
Great.
Go wait for me at your hall. I will follow soon after.
Could it be that song and dance are more important than my teachings?
No, no. I am wrong. I will leave right away.
Look there. That looks like a roc bird.
I can't believe such a big roc bird exists in this world.
It looks so ferocious and is flying so quickly.
Such a big roc has been mentioned in the scriptures.
Could it be appearing now as an omen?
Your Majesty, this is clearly an auspicious omen.
An omen of fortune?
You say this is an auspicious omen just on the basis of one bird?
Your Majesty, it's dangerous!
Shut your mouth.
Your Majesty, watch out!
Your Majesty!
Help!
Your Majesty, don't go near the water!
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! Your Majesty!
- Your Majesty! - Help!
Guards! Go save her!
- Your Majesty! - Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! Guards!
Your Majesty! His Majesty cannot swim!
Guards, come quick!
- Your Majesty! - Your Majesty!
- Guards! Quick! - Come quick!
Quickly, quickly!
Someone save His Majesty!
- Your Majesty is in the water! - Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! Your Majesty!
Even with all my preparation
I did not foresee that Dong Hua had reincarnated into someone who can't swim.
Who will save the beauty now?
- Your Majesty! Your Majesty! - Quickly! Quickly!
Your Highness must not use your powers.
- Someone come! - Quickly!
How are you? Are you all right?
Why would someone push me into the water?
Perhaps it is because the Crown Prince trusts you so much
attracting the envy of others
and someone made use of the chaos to teach you a lesson.
Ye Hua, you used your powers. It is against heaven's law.
As long as you are safe, it doesn't matter what happens to me.
Since you saved me, what will happen to Dong Hua and Feng Jiu?
High Goddess, they are all right.
This was the original trial for them to endure.
In a few months, the Little Princess will get what she wants.
That is good.
In that case, you two should return to the Celestial Palace.
It isn't good for a Crown Prince to stay in the mortal realm for too long.
My task isn't finished yet. I have to go.
- Your Majesty! - Your Majesty, wake up!
- Your Majesty, wake up! - Your Majesty! Your Majesty!
- Your Majesty! - Your Majesty, I'm begging you.
Your Majesty, I'm begging you. Wake up, Your Majesty!
I cannot live on without you, Your Majesty!
Your Majesty!
Were you the one who saved me?
Don't speak. The physician will be here soon.
Hold on a while longer. Hold on a while longer.
You will be all right, Your Majesty.
Quickly! Save His Majesty!
- Quickly! - Your Majesty!
What?
You pushed High Goddess Bai Qian into the river yourself?
Is she in any danger now?
I did not expect the Crown Prince to be nearby.
He used his powers to save her.
This princess is so easy to deceive.
I had told her to go to the mortal realm to teach Bai Qian a lesson.
Who knew that she would even dare to plot to take a high goddess's life?
If she succeeded, that would have been fine.
But she has failed.
If the Crown Prince were to investigate this matter
it could be a lot of trouble.
You are so senseless.
How could you do such a thing to the Aunt of Qing Qiu?
I understand the jealousy you have for her.
However, His Highness will be ruling over the four seas.
It will be inevitable for there to be many women in his palace.
How can you enter Xiwu Palace if you are so prone to jealousy?
Sister, didn't you tell me to-
You misunderstood me.
But don't be afraid.
Only Xin Nu and I will know.
Let's think of a way so that you will become the Crown Prince's woman.
And use a happy occasion to bury this incident.
Are you speaking the truth, Sister?
Of course.
I genuinely like you, so naturally, I will help you.
Don't worry.
