The one before him yelled out, Oh no!
If you'd like to know what happens next, come listen again next time.
Good story...
- Farewell. - Wonderful!
Farewell, everyone.
Where's A-Li?
Where's A-Li?
Why would he suddenly be in a brothel?
Mister, do you know where the brothel is in this town?
It is in that building.
Thank you.
Such a proper-looking gentleman turns out to actually be a lecherous devil.
How desperate and bitter this world is!
The tale told by the storyteller was quite good.
You seemed quite interested in the beginning.
So how come you ended up following them into that building?
There was a fat man who tried to kiss a young lady in public on the street.
The lady wouldn't let the fat man kiss her.
The fat man was angry that he couldn't kiss her
and called a few of his men to surround the lady.
I rushed downstairs to save her but they were already gone.
An older man told me
she went into a flower building. (A brothel.)
I searched all over the building but didn't see any flowers.
It's just a name used in the Mortal Realm.
No need to be so particular.
I couldn't find the fat man.
I couldn't find him anywhere, so I went inside a room.
Before I could get a good look, you showed up.
This is a secret between you and me.
Don't tell your father, all right?
I understand.
By the time you finish your cup of tea
I'll be back to discuss this with you in detail.
Farewell, Your Highness.
Your Highness.
I heard His Highness has returned?
Yes, His Highness did, but he left again.
Left again?
The Aunt of Qing Qiu is sightseeing in the Mortal Realm
so His Highness has been keeping her company.
Sightseeing in the Mortal Realm realm?
Then won't His Highness miss the Heavenly Lord's birthday banquet?
Do not worry, Your Highness. My Lord said he will be attending the feast.
That's good.
I was afraid His Highness would miss the Heavenly Lord's birthday feast
by staying too long in Qing Qiu.
Since His Highness will be returning, then I will not worry.
Rest assured, Your Highness. My Lord will be at the Grand Hall in a short while.
Very well. I understand.
Mister, you are truly a fine-looking man. I very much admire you.
You are too kind.
Your hand is fair and delicate as well!
I have fallen in love with you at first sight.
Would you-
That hurts!
You seem be having a merry time taking liberties with my wife.
You're back.
You are a man of talent to have managed to annoy my father.
Goodbye now. Take care!
How dare you? Do you know who I am?
- Where did you send him off to? - I don't know.
Even if you hadn't shown up, I was already thinking of doing that.
Why didn't you try to avoid him when he was taking advantage of you?
He merely touched me once or twice.
You were merely kissed once or twice.
Why not buy a lantern, Misters?
Buy a lantern.
Misters, take a look.
Mortals buy lanterns to pray to deities for blessings.
To whom are we going to pray?
It's just about making a memory.
Do you really believe releasing a lantern can make everything in life go well?
Come.
Since you are men, it should be no issue for the two of you to share a room.
There are only three inns in our small town.
The other two have been full since yesterday.
A guest just left and that's how this single vacancy came to be.
So... why don't you share the room for the night?
Please bring up some hot water.
All right.
- And cook a few dishes as well. - All right.
If you don't want to eat, why don't you wash up and go to bed?
I've always known about your temper
yet I failed to anticipate that you would be so determined to sever all ties.
You have forgotten all about the past.
I hope that you will remember
and at the same time, I hope that you will never remember.
My Lord.
No need to give chase.
I have failed in my duty. Please forgive me, My Lord.
It doesn't matter.
These people dared to ambush Celestials.
Does Your Highness not intend to pursue this?
They are not real people.
They are puppets created by demonic magic.
They were specially made for assassination.
Even if we caught up to them, they would merely turn to ash.
We would gain no answers.
Demonic magic? Who wants to stand against the Celestial Tribe?
High Immortal Die Feng mentioned it.
Deities departing the Eastern Sea were all attacked, one after another.
I am about to investigate this matter.
Your Highness, the Heavenly Lord's birthday feast is about to start.
I know. You can go back now.
Yes.
Mother, this porridge is very thick.
Be good.
The food here is hard to stomach.
I borrowed their kitchen to make this half pot of porridge.
No wonder it tastes the same as the porridge you make.
When we were at Mount Junji
I was also unaccustomed to the cooking of that princess of the Eastern Sea.
However, Father didn't cook any food just for me.
I have business to attend to later back at the Celestial Palace.
Father, you're leaving?
Cheng Yu said absence makes the heart grow fonder.
You and Mother were already separated for 300 years.
How can you bear to part now?
Have you forgotten what day it is?
What day is it?
Let me think about what day it is in Heaven.
- Oh! It's the Heavenly Lord's birthday! - That's correct.
Are you taking me and Mother to celebrate the Heavenly Lord's birthday?
Celebrate?
Your mother doesn't like to go to these sorts of banquet.
I will just go by myself.
All right.
Don't worry. I will bring Riceball back.
Aunt, you're back!
Where is the Crown Prince?
He returned to the Celestial Palace.
He said he'll be gone for a few days on business.
Doesn't that mean there won't be anyone to cook for you?
Go to the market in the afternoon to buy some loquats.
Your Highness is indeed punctual.
I had exactly enough time to finish my cup of tea. Just as you said.
I just encountered that group of people in the Mortal Realm.
Your Highness has encountered them as well?
How could they dare attack Your Highness?
They were not after me.
They were after the life of a high immortal
but my subject, Tian Shu, happened to come across them.
Did Your Highness capture anyone alive?
It would have been of no use. They were created by demonic magic.
Yes, it is demonic magic. They come from the Ghost Realm.
But the Ghost Realm pledged allegiance to the Celestial Tribe.
Why would they do this now?
Keep this matter quiet for now.
First determine the identities of the immortals who were attacked.
Yes.
Your Highness.
- Has His Highness returned? - Yes, the Crown Prince is back.
Is Bai Qian of Qing Qiu with him?
I saw the Crown Prince return alone.
He headed straight for Zichen Hall
to speak with the West Sea's Second Prince
He has yet to go to the banquet.
Good. It is best that she is not here.
Now I have absolute confidence in keeping Ye Hua here.
Your Highness, I'm afraid...
No need to be afraid.
The Heavenly Lord has always despised the snake.
By association, he also dislikes the snake's son, Yuan Zhen.
The tension has eased only in recent years.
If...
If Yuan Zhen were to molest me
the Heavenly Lord would certainly not forgive him.
Therefore, there is no need to worry.
In the Heavenly Lord's eyes, I am very important.
He has looked after me since I was young. Even if he disregards these affections
he will still uphold justice for me out of respect for the other clan leaders.
I am Ye Hua's side consort.
If I am molested by his cousin
no matter which way it's put, it is a serious matter.
Ye Hua will have to stay in the Celestial Palace for a few days.
The main priority now is to keep him here in the Celestial Palace
so he can't go to Qing Qiu and be enticed by that nine-tailed fox.
Make preparations here.
I will go find Yuan Zhen and try to lead him here.
Yes, Your Highness.
That's the eldest son of the Water King of the North Sea?
Yes. Look at how pitiful he is.
He is the Heavenly Lord's grandson, but he has to wait here
and can't go in directly to make his greetings.
Who told the Water King to marry that snake?
Exactly.
Who are you? Is there something you need my help with?
You should call me Consort Su Jin.
You are Consort Su Jin?
Greetings, Consort Su Jin.
According to seniority, I am your cousin's wife.
There is no need for such formalities like we're strangers.
Don't take what those servants said to heart.
What is the point of living a long life?
What is most important is being with the ones you love.
I am very envious of the love your parents have for each other.
You are right, Your Highness.
By the way, why are you here alone?
Father left to give his greetings to the Heavenly Lord.
He had me wait here to be summoned.
Is that so?
How about this? I'll take you inside.
That won't do! How can I enter without being summoned?
It's all right. He is your grandfather.
Besides, the Heavenly Lord has been praising you the past few days
saying your congratulatory words were well written.
Really?
Come, follow me.
The Heavenly Lord is currently at Xiwu Palace. I'll take you there.
Your Highness, this place is...
Quick, move him up there.
Yes.
Go.
Hang a length of white silk from a roof beam.
Yes.
Quick, run out of here crying and yelling
that I've been molested by the drunk, young prince
and that I want to hang myself because I cannot live with it.
Yes.
Someone come quickly!
My lady was molested by the drunk, young prince
and is hanging herself out of distress!
Someone come! Anyone!
My lady is hanging herself!
Someone come!
- Crown Prince. - Second Uncle.
I heard you have been staying in Qing Qiu lately.
It seems a wedding date will be fast approaching.
I also heard from Shao Xing that she saw
that the woman at your side at the Eastern Sea was High Goddess Bai Qian.
At first, I thought she was just joking
but it turned out to be true.
I heard from Third Uncle that
you brought your eldest son, Yuan Zhen, to the Heavenly Lord's birthday banquet.
Yes.
Father just praised Yuan Zhen's intelligence.
It's just unfortunate that no matter how intelligent he is
he is merely the son of the Water King of the North Sea.
I'm afraid he was not meant to be in the Nine Heavens.
Ye Hua!
Second Brother, hurry to Xiwu Palace. Yuan Zhen is in great trouble!
- Father. - Heavenly Lord.
Rise.
- Thank you, Father. - Thank you, Heavenly Lord.
Your good son is just like you, mindless over lust!
Yuan Zhen, what have you done?
Father, I did not do anything! I did not do anything!
He barged into my chambers and I nearly...
I nearly lost my innocence to him.
I am unworthy of Your Highness's generosity to me in the past.
Please grant me a piece of white silk so that I may die with my innocence!
I beg Your Majesty and Your Highness to grant me death!
You're a disgrace!
You animal!
Yuan Zhen was imprudent
to have dared to commit such a shameful act!
However, Father, I implore you to consider Yuan Zhen's young age
and spare his life!
Father, please spare Yuan Zhen's life and be lenient with punishment!
Consort Su Jin did all she could to resist...
and was not defiled by him.
I could have issued a lighter punishment if it were someone else's son.
However, he just has to be your son!
Of my three sons...
you were the one I favored the most.
You were also the one to cause me the most pain.
I cannot believe that on this day, it is now your son who breaks my heart.
I never imagined that after all these millennia
the first time I allow you to bring your son to the Celestial Palace
I would in exchange be disgraced by my own grandson
in front of all my subjects at my own birthday banquet!
I know I have done wrong. Please don't be angry, Father.
Yuan Zhen.
You are young, yet you are actually capable of doing such a thing!
I have no choice but to reconsider my evaluation of you.
To think I believed you had a benevolent disposition!
Heavenly Lord, please investigate this! I truly did not do anything!
It was Consort Su Jin who led me there! I really did not do anything!
- Please investigate, Your Majesty! - You're a disgrace!
Is there any woman who would destroy her own innocence just to frame another?
You are making excuses even now?
Guards!
- Heavenly Lord. - Heavenly Lord.
Bind Yuan Zhen with an Immortal Seal.
Send him off to the Mortal Realm to suffer trials for 60 years.
After 60 years, he may return to the ranks of the immortals.
- Yes. - Yes.
No...
No, no! Father! Father, help me! Father! Father!
- Please withdraw your command, Father! - I really didn't do it!
- Yuan Zhen has a gentle nature. - I didn't do it!
He does not indulge in lust!
A father knows his son best. He would never do such a thing!
Please investigate, Father.
- Please investigate, Father! - Save me, Father!
Back in the day
I also thought you had a gentle nature and didn't indulge in lust.
Did you not do such a disgraceful thing as well?
Take him away!
- No, no! Father, save me! - Yuan Zhen!
Father! Father, save me! Father!
Father!
I did not do anything!
This child falls asleep so easily.
Ye Hua is so lucky to have a son like you.
Your Highness, please grant me death so I may prove my innocence.
Your Highness!
What act are you playing out today?
What does Your Highness mean?
Could it be... Your Highness suspects I would sully my own innocence?
Is there any woman in the world who would do such a thing?
Moreover, I have always loved only Your Highness.
Does Your Highness not know?
Once, you framed Su Su just like this.
Did you really think I could not see through your lies?
Your Highness wrongly accuses me!
Do you know why I have let you live?
First, it is because of the Soul-gathering Lamp.
I only spared you from death for that lamp.
Second...
It is because you are taking care of Su Su's eyes in your eye sockets.
If you die, Su Su's eyes would die as well.
However...
Should you continue digging your own grave
then do not blame me for showing you no mercy.
Su Jin, even if you were to die
I would still be able to find a new owner for those eyes.
My Lord. My Lord!
I stayed by Your Highness's side for so many years.
Could it be that...
it truly meant nothing to you?
That's right.
Nothing at all.
- In my opinion- - It was a scheme devised by Su Jin.
The Heavenly Lord used the chance to further suppress Second Uncle.
You are seeing things even more clearly now.
It is just unfortunate that Yuan Zhen has fallen on bad luck.
Second Brother was careless as well.
It was because of that snake that Father demoted him to the North Sea.
Second Brother and his wife have even deeper affections for each other now.
They're about to have their fourth child.
Isn't that an affront to Father in front of the whole world?
Yuan Zhen has been made a scapegoat for his parents.
That may not be a bad thing.
I'll advise Second Brother to exercise restraint.
His love and affections must be kept hidden.
If Father feels disrespected
Second Brother won't have an easy life either.
Is there something that you can't tell me, Third Uncle?
I just find it strange.
Since you already know Su Su is Bai Qian
why aren't you bringing her back to the Celestial Palace as soon as you can?
She has a marriage arrangement with you.
Haven't I said that she has completely forgotten about me?
She's really forgotten?
It must be Zhe Yan's amnesia potion.
She must have remembered you took out her eyes
so that's why she chose to remove you from her memory.
Now that you are staying in Qing Qiu, what are your plans?
I want to... start all over again.
Start all over again?
When she was Su Su...
she did not have any good memories of the Celestial Palace.
Since that is the case...
then let the memories be forgotten.
I just have to take things slowly and find my way into her heart.
This time, there will be no obstacles.
I will be able to rightfully take her as my wife.
Good. This may be a good idea.
Your Ladyship, the wind is picking up. Hurry back inside.
It's been two years. His Majesty still has not come to see me.
Your Ladyship was framed by villains.
Word has spread throughout the palace
that the plumed cockscomb on your forehead is a demonic flower.
His Majesty would naturally not come to see you after he heard that.
So it is because of this birthmark.
This birthmark was Aunt's favorite.
Do not be sad, Your Ladyship. The rumors will be forgotten one day.
Your Ladyship is still young.
Do not fear that you will not receive favor.
But if I am unable to see him
how can I offer him a sincere heart and fulfill his wish?
Your Majesty.
Sit.
I do not dare.
I allow you to sit.
Yes.
Noble Consort still refuses to return to the palace.
Noble Consort?
Noble Consort entered the palace when she was 15 years old.
I always favored her.
I never expected that after giving birth to the crown prince, Yuan Zhen
she would keep saying she wanted to become a nun.
I could not do anything about her.
I could only build a Taoist temple for her
in the remote mountains by the imperial city
so she could devote herself to religious practice.
Noble Consort has wholeheartedly devoted herself to Taoism.
She and Yuan Zhen lived in the Taoist temple...
until Yuan Zhen turned 16.
Then she sent a Taoist nun to escort Yuan Zhen back to the palace.
She only returns on the first and fifteenth of every month
to visit her son.
She never comes to see me.
She never visits me. It is as if I do not even exist.
Si Ming said Dijun came to the Mortal Realm
to experience the bitterness of life.
From the looks of it
Si Ming put in his best effort to write this story.
Is he not afraid that after Dijun returns to Heaven
and recounts the bitterness experienced in the Mortal Realm
Dijun will make him have a taste for himself as well?
Why are you silent?
I am feeling sad for Your Majesty.
Noble Consort is so favored by Your Majesty
yet she does treasure it.
She has not only trampled on Your Majesty's sincere heart
but also done an injustice to the women in the palace who adore Your Majesty.
Do you adore me as well?
I am Your Majesty's concubine. Of course I adore you.
I wish I could scoop out my heart
and show Your Majesty so you could see who fills it.
You are quite good at amusing others.
Your Majesty is smiling.
That is wonderful.
Anything can be quickly forgotten.
My aunt said the world is always changing.
No matter who you are, you will eventually turn to dust.
So why should you worry so much and make your life difficult?
That is quite reasonable.
This flower... is very beautiful.
For some reason, every time I see this flower on your forehead...
I feel as if it is familiar.
Your Majesty remembers this birthmark?
I am uncertain.
I just want to keep gazing at it and look at nothing else.
I also find it mysterious.
I thought I had fallen under your spell
so I have been avoiding you for the past two years.
I was afraid I would keep looking
and never be able to let go again.
Your Majesty! Your tea is finished. I'll pour another cup for you.
How come I can't even manage to say a few words of affection?
I can't be like this.
I know!
Two Lives Curse!
Mother, when is Father coming back?
I want to eat steamed mushrooms, and cabbage and radish soup.
Soon, probably.
- Father is back! - You're back.
Didn't I tell you A-Li is growing right now?
He can't just eat these the entire day.
I know.
That's why I've been hoping day and night for you to return
to make better meals for him.
You've really been hoping for my return?
Father, Mother is blushing.
I was... hoping for you to return to cook.
