By the decree of the Heavenly Lord
I've come to invite High God Zhe Yan to the Nine Heavens to save a person.
The Medicine King has always been in charge of healing in the Nine Heavens.
Why would the Heavenly Lord send such a formal decree to invite you over?
It sounds serious.
It must be that no medicine is effective
and the Medicine King is at his wits' end.
Could it be Prince Ye Hua again?
Who knew that you'd use up all your cultivation just to make the elixir?
It's no wonder that the Heavenly Lord would sent for me.
You were lucky.
If even a couple more hours had passed, even I wouldn't be able to save you.
Have you given the elixir to Qian Qian?
I have.
That's good then.
What's good about that?
Look at you!
As the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe
not only have you lost an arm, but you also used up all your cultivation.
If you still wish to inherit the position of Heavenly Lord
who knows when you'll be fit enough
to withstand all the sacred blazes and thunderbolts?
None of that matters.
Yes, nothing matters anymore.
What matters is that little fox on your mind.
She'll be able to revive her mentor
without knowing anything, right?
Why don't I see that son of yours around?
His father nearly died but he isn't even crying by your bedside?
I raised A-Li all on my own.
However, I'm terribly scared to see him cry.
Right after I returned to the palace
I had someone take him to the assembly at Sacred Mountain to avoid seeing me.
Indeed, you're both a father and a mother.
That's not an easy task.
Not easy at all!
Emissary.
You're awake?
You're now almost cured.
You've been by my side all these days while I was in coma?
Do you still feel unwell?
I wonder if you still remember the announcement that my father posted?
I do.
It says that whoever cures Your Highness can marry into the West Sea as a consort.
I didn't consent to that announcement when my father posted it.
Although you are very beautiful...
You are not my type.
Are you really feeling well now?
You've been looking after me without getting any rest.
I'm very grateful to you.
If the maids hadn't informed me
I wouldn't have noticed your feelings for me.
I've only read about such scenarios in plays that Die Feng brought me.
Who would have known a story that only exists in plays would happen to us?
I heard from the maids that the Crown Prince was here to visit you.
Apparently, he's interested in you.
Why would you still devote yourself to me?
You're right.
Why should I devote myself to you?
How... How dare you!
What made you so happy?
Senior, don't tease me.
Do you know what your brother just said to me
for looking after him around the clock?
What did he say?
He's very grateful to me but he also turned down my affection.
My older brother has never been in love before.
You look at him is as if you're looking at Master.
It's no wonder that he misunderstood you.
If you find it uncomfortable, just leave him to me.
He's awake now, so he's already all right.
That's good.
I'll leave him to you then.
I just took his pulse.
It's very stable.
Use soul-tracking magic on him later to check
if Zhe Yan's celestial power is really steady and how Master is doing.
Sure.
I'll leave now.
What's wrong?
Is there a problem with Master's spirit?
Come with me.
- Second Prince. - Keep watch out here.
- Let no one in to disturb us. - Yes.
Go on.
I've already cast a spell on my brother.
He's fast asleep.
You can use soul-tracking magic on him lightly and you'll see.
When I last came in here
there was only Die Yong's frail celestial aura guarding Master.
Yet now, this aura nursing Master is so powerful
that I can't even get near him.
Such a strong celestial aura must have come from
tens of thousands of years of cultivation.
It seems that Master will soon wake up.
However, this celestial aura nursing Master is not that of Zhe Yan's.
This power is fierce but steady, calm and yet majestic...
This is...
Ye Hua?
I've known the Crown Prince for years.
That's surely his celestial aura.
It's no wonder that Zhe Yan seemed so hesitant when he came over.
He wasn't injured at all because he never went to Yingzhou.
Why would he keep this from me?
Seventeenth, don't panic.
The Crown Prince is very powerful.
He must be worried that you might not accept his elixir
so he had Zhe Yan bring it to you.
What happened?
Your Highness is fine now.
You won't need me around anymore.
Please inform the Water King that I have urgent matters to handle.
I'll return to the Peach Tree Woods.
Emissary.
High God, what brings you to the Celestial Palace in such a hurry?
I'm here to visit Crown Prince Ye Hua.
Please wait here, High God.
Allow me to inform Xiwu Palace.
When you see High God Bai Qian, you're not to say a word.
Even if she keeps asking questions
you're only allowed to tell her that I've been busy with official matters.
Yes.
I remember this celestial maid.
Do you serve in the Crown Prince's study?
How has your master been?
What is he doing now?
His Highness has been doing well.
He was discussing matters
with the Star Lords of Calamity, Conflict, and Relationship.
Now, he's awaiting your arrival in his study.
He just lost tens of thousands of years of cultivation
but he's already sitting in his study discussing official issues?
That's too fast a recovery.
However, it means that he's now feeling well.
You're here?
Have a seat.
What is this?
A couple of hours ago I used soul-tracking magic
on the eldest prince of the West Sea's spirit
but I was distracted and threw up some blood.
I know that you're focused on looking after Mo Yuan
but you should also take care of yourself.
If Mo Yuan wakes up and you're passed out won't that be wrong?
What do you think I saw in the prince's spirit?
Mo Yuan?
Can you tell me what those four mythical beasts
guarding the divine fungal grass look like?
You created that elixir that Zhe Yan gave me, didn't you?
How much cultivation have you got left?
All right, I did make it.
Some time ago, the Heavenly Lord sent me to the Eastern Sea.
When I went past Yingzhou
I remembered that you needed the divine fungal grass
so I got you a few blades.
As for those four beasts, they don't look pretty.
If they had looked prettier
I'd have captured one for you
so that you could tame it and keep it for entertainment.
You happen to have quite a lot of time on your hands.
You make it sound as if it was nothing.
I still remember that when my father returned from Yingzhou
he was severely wounded.
How much cultivation did you use up for that elixir?
Why did you make Zhe Yan keep this from me when he brought me the elixir?
Is that so?
Zhe Yan didn't tell you that I created that elixir?
I shouldn't have entrusted this matter to him.
He took all the credit.
Don't worry.
I was born with more cultivation than most deities.
The Heavenly Lord also transferred quite a lot of his to me once.
It was a breeze for me to make the elixir.
It's nothing serious.
I saw that you've been using your left hand
to pour tea and hold your tea cup today.
Shouldn't you move your right hand?
I was too careless.
When I was retrieving the divine fungal grass
I was bitten by the beast, Taowu.
It's not serious at all.
The Medicine King took a look at it.
I will recover in a few months.
Ye Hua, I've been around for so many years.
I know that you're making things up.
But I also know that you lying so that I won't feel bad...
Since that's the case, I'm relieved now.
Qian Qian, what is there to worry about?
However, the eldest prince of the West Sea
took that elixir some time ago.
His condition might be unstable.
Yet you choose to come to the Nine Heavens at such a time.
Things could go wrong.
He might not be able to put on this strong front for too long...
You're right.
I'd better get going.
Recuperate well.
Zhen! Have you seen Zhe Yan?
Zhe Yan is working in the Peach Tree Woods.
I heard that he's overwhelmed by a guilty conscience these days.
He hasn't done anything like that for years
so now that he did he feels particularly guilty.
He has to keep himself busy in the woods to feel better.
What exactly happened?
Can you explain it to me clearly?
I'm really anxious right now.
Can you not even tell me a bit about it?
Just a bit would do.
If you won't tell me, I'm really going to leave.
I'm really leaving.
I'm going now!
Your Highness!
Why have you left your bed?
High God Zhe Yan said that you still need to rest.
It's best that you don't leave the bed or move around.
Although your husband is young, he's a very prudent planner.
He had you keep a close eye on the Soul-gathering Lamp for three nights
while he reported to the Heavenly Lord how it is against the celestial law
for divine fungal grass to exist in Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea.
He listed a great many reasons.
He asked the Heavenly Lord to send him to Yingzhou
to destroy all the divine fungal grass.
The Heavenly Lord read his report and believed his reasoning.
He agreed to his request.
But when Ye Hua returned severely wounded
he thought that his grandson ended up in such a bad shape
because of those four mythical beasts guarding the divine fungal grass.
He regretted having overestimated his grandson's ability
and not sending more men to assist him.
It's because of the report that the Heavenly Lord would never have thought
that Ye Hua ended up in this predicament for your sake.
Tell me.
Did he not plan this all out very meticulously?
No wonder before he left for the West Sea
he kept reminding me to watch over the prince
for three nights without leaving his side.
I wondered why such a quiet man had suddenly become such a nag.
He was actually trying to make me stay in the West Sea
while he went to Yingzhou alone.
Don't worry, I've applied medication on his wounds.
He only needs to recuperate well.
It's just that his arm is gone.
It's not exactly gone.
Look at that fake arm I've made him.
It might not be working now but after tens of thousands of years
it might be cultivated enough to become functional.
Why is he so silly?
He regards himself as your future husband.
Whatever kindness you owe Mo Yuan
he's willing to repay him for you as much as he can.
He even told me to keep it from you because he knows you too well.
He's afraid once you know that the elixir used up most of his cultivation
you surely won't use it.
Although he hasn't been with me for a long time, he does know me very well.
He does know you very well.
Some matters can only be resolved if you understand.
What is it that I don't understand?
He kept it from me.
Exactly.
You're never that attentive.
Who knew that you'd find out?
But I'm very impressed by Ye Hua's responsible attitude.
He has a very tough personality.
At 70,000 years old he slayed the four beasts all together.
He has very promising future.
It's just that his elite cultivation is all gone.
What a pity.
I knew it.
Taowu is a very persistent and ferocious beast.
Once it sinks its teeth into something
it won't let go until it swallows all the flesh and bones.
He claimed that it was just a small injury.
It has already come to that. Just let him recuperate.
There's nothing you can do even if you're worried.
Why don't you get some rest here?
I should stay by his side.
What can you do for him even if you go there now?
You can only stay by his side.
Even if it means nothing
I still want go to him right away and stay by his side.
He was afraid that you would react like this.
Won't that mean it was a waste of effort to keep this matter from you?
Don't worry.
If he means to keep me in the dark, I'll just act ignorant.
If so, go ahead and keep him company.
I still have some elixirs for enhancing the spirit and essence.
Take them with you.
Why are you staring at me like that?
Aren't you taking care of the eldest prince of the West Sea?
Why have you slipped out to come to see me in the middle of the night?
Has something bad happened to that prince?
Die Yong is fine.
I've already wrapped up that matter.
I just thought of your injured arm.
It might not be easy for you to pour tea or hold a cup.
So I came to look after you.
Qian Qian.
Come here.
That's not a good idea.
I'd better squeeze in with Riceball.
You should get some rest tonight and I'll visit you tomorrow.
Now that I have only one arm
you can push me away if you aren't willing.
Can I take up half of your bed tonight?
This body of yours won't take up half of my bed.
Would you like to sleep on the edge without a blanket tonight?
Or would you prefer to lie in my arms under the blanket?
We can both sleep on the edge under the blanket.
That is a good idea.
You already know about it all?
You are as you have always been.
You don't like to owe any favors.
I don't like to owe anyone favors.
Are you asleep?
I'm asleep.
Grand Ziming Palace is really an inauspicious place.
Someone noble died a few days ago and now even the Ghost Queen is dead...
Why has the water turned red?
Old Ghost Lord!
This is old Ghost Lord's crimson cloud!
Crimson hellfire!
Yan Zhi!
What happened to you?
Why doesn't it work even after I've poured in my cultivation?
Don't be silly.
It's against celestial law to create an elixir in the Ghost Realm.
Fortunately, your cultivation is still quite low
so the impact isn't as severe.
This elixir is half finished.
Brother Li Jing...
Do we have to go to the Celestial Realm to create the elixir?
In all realms, only Mo Yuan's elixir cauldron could absorb the evil aura.
Do you think his disciples in Kunlun Mountain would allow you to use it?
Even if we have reconciled with the Celestial Realm
the past grudges between Father and Mo Yuan still exist.
Don't get your hopes up.
No, since it's possible to do it in Kunlun Mountain, I'll go there.
Quit fooling around!
No! Brother Li Jing!
I have to go to Kunlun Mountain!
Guards!
My Lord.
The princess needs to get some rest.
Without my permission
no one is allowed to enter, nor is the princess allowed to leave freely.
- Yes! - Yes!
My Lord!
Ruoshui River suddenly turned red and crimson clouds filled the sky.
Crimson hellfire is visible in the distance.
It's a sign that the old Ghost Lord is coming back!
Have you heard?
The old Ghost Lord is coming back.
The Ghost Realm is going to change soon.
I've already heard that.
I wonder if it's true this time?
If it is, is the Ghost Realm going to make a come back?
Keep it down.You might get killed.
Let's go.
High God Bai Qian snuck into Zichen Hall?
Your Highness, it's true.
When the Crown Prince went to bed, she wasn't in the hall yet.
But when the maids went to light up the lamps
we heard that high god whispering to His Highness.
I didn't dare to linger, so I left the room.
You must watch her very closely day and night.
Report back to me often.
Yes, Your Highness.
Xin Nu, don't you think
that this high god has little regard for the Celestial Tribe's rules?
The last time she was here she only stayed in Xiwu Palace.
Not once did she visit the Heavenly Lord, Eldest Prince, and Consort Le Xu.
Then she just left.
This time, she just showed up.
Your Highness, I think that she looks down on you.
Yes, she does belittle me.
When she preached to me the other day
didn't she say that as High God Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
even the Crown Prince should greet her as a superior in seniority?
How could she say that?
If the Crown Prince is beneath her, why would a side consort like me matter?
What should we do?
She hasn't even married His Highness yet and she already belittles you so.
Won't Your Highness have a hard time after she marries into the palace?
Ever since she came here I've tackled her openly and underhandedly
but she's had me at a disadvantage.
Be it sending you to Qing Qiu to question her decency
or getting Yuan Zhen drunk, or sending Miao Qing to seduce His Highness
none of that put her at a disadvantage.
I didn't even succeed in driving a wedge between her and the Crown Prince.
She's really hard to tackle.
However, I've discovered her ultimate weakness.
What has Your Highness discovered?
She and I share the same weakness.
We're both truly in love with the Crown Prince.
My weakness will be her weakness.
When I get the chance I'll talk to her about Su Su.
You're awake?
Did you sleep well?
I definitely slept well with you by my side.
What about you?
I miss Riceball.
There's an assembly at Sacred Mountain.
The Lord of Numinous Treasures is at the assembly as a speaker.
Cheng Yu has taken A-Li there for some fun.
I've sent Jia Yun to fetch him.
He should be back tomorrow.
Riceball is still so young.
Aren't you afraid that he'll be bored?
A-Li only went there for the sugar cane.
Besides, Cheng Yu is there with him.
Do you think that he'll be bored?
As A-Li's father, you've really impressed me.
Why would you say that?
You sent him to Sacred Mountain so that he wouldn't see you so badly injured.
These sugar canes should be enough to feed Mother.
Exactly...
This is wearing me out...
Is that Lord Dong Hua and the Lord of Numinous Treasures?
Quickly... Hurry up, A-Li.
Quickly. Come here.
Quickly.
The ancient gods have all met various heavenly calamities
and fallen into the realm of nothingness.
Not many are left now.
Lord Dong Hua, have you experienced such a calamity already?
I should say so.
The punishment of one's heart.
Cheng Yu, what's wrong?
Why aren't you happy after eavesdropping on Lord Dong Hua?
Do you know what it means to experience a destined calamity?
It means to overcome a calamity.
Don't all deities have to overcome heavenly trials?
Father said that none of the born deities made any effort to gain their statuses.
Hence, they should overcome trials and get struck by lightning
so as to be fair.
If they overcome them well, they can be promoted.
If they don't, they will be vanquished.
No...
Experiencing a destined calamity is much scarier than overcoming one.
Judging by the Lord of Numinous Treasures' tone
Lord Dong Hua might be in danger this time.
He's in danger?
Not many of the ancient gods who experience
their destined heavenly calamity are able to overcome it.
Or should I say that to experience the destined heavenly calamity
is to be thrown into the realm of nothingness?
The realm of nothingness?
Death? Will Lord Dong Hua die?
Didn't Lord Dong Hua say that he is to experience such a destined calamity?
I thought that a god like Lord Dong Hua would surely live forever.
Even the Heavenly Father has to experience his calamity.
I must inform Princess Feng Jiu quickly.
Mother is a high god as well.
She will have to experience her destined calamity some day. What then?
As days go by, time goes by.
It's the same for everyone.
Little Prince, you should treat your mother well while there's still time.
Yes, quickly. Let's head back to the Celestial Palace now.
I have to ask Father to take me to Mother.
Yes, let's go.
