Dijun, are you unsure?
In the past few days, Dijun saved Qing Qiu's Little Princess twice
and used his power to suppress Qing Cang whenever the Bell of the East Emperor
- was acting up, so- - No need to say those things.
Save Ye Hua first.
Put the Soul-gathering Lamp in front of his bed for three days.
Keep it burning for three days.
Ye Hua's soul will get better.
You must look after the lamp yourself for three days.
You can't take the easy way out and use your powers to look after it.
Okay.
I, Ye Hua, ask all the gods of the world to bear witness
in front of the Lakes of the Far East.
From this day forth, I will be married to Su Su.
I will love her with all my heart for all eternity.
And never part from her regardless of fortune or calamity.
I, Su Su, ask all the gods of the world to bear witness
in front of the Lakes of the Far East.
From this day forth, I will be married to Ye Hua.
I will love him with all my heart for all eternity.
And never part from him, regardless of fortune or calamity.
Ye Hua.
I didn't think we would end up like this.
It's a pity that in the end, it's an ill-fated relationship.
From now on, there will no longer be Su Su of Mount Junji of the Far East.
When I wake up from the dream, I will forget everything in the dream.
Hurry! Hurry! Medicine King!
Lian Song.
Father.
The past few days I've been thinking, was I too strict with Ye Hua?
For the past thousands of years he's been living according to my wishes.
When he first learned to sit, he was sent to the study.
He would sit for 14 hours a day.
I also remember that he was too young for that.
He couldn't understand the scriptures.
He cried to his mother, so she came to me to plea for leniency.
I was furious.
A warm and caring mother will ruin a child.
But after that, he didn't see his mother
until he ascended to become a high immortal.
Since you are asking me, I will answer you honestly.
When others speak of Crown Prince Ye Hua
they always say that he became a high immortal at the age of 20,000.
He studied under Spiritual Master Ci Hang and Lord Yuan Shi.
He far exceeds God of War Mo Yuan.
But in my eyes, he's always been a pitiful child.
He's been alone since he was young.
He's never had any playmates.
I won't keep it from you. I tease him privately
that he doesn't have a perfect life.
He's never even tried loving anyone.
But when he met Su Su, someone he truly wanted to love
who knew he would end up in such a state?
This child values her relationships.
Mo Yuan was only her master for 20,000 years.
Yet she used blood from her heart to nourish his body every day.
How could this happen?
For her godly ascension to high goddess, she had to go through heartbreak again.
When she asked me for the amnesia potion she was deeply hurt.
I think it's okay if she wakes up and forgets everything.
We'll pretend we don't know anything.
I've healed her sight.
But her eyes won't be able to withstand intense light.
I never lie.
Whether we can get her to believe us all depends on you.
Me? Why me?
What? You don't want to?
I wouldn't dare. I'll do as you say.
Why do we have to keep it from her?
It's her heavenly trial.
They all went through it in the past.
It's just that this girl has injuries all over her body.
It breaks my heart just looking at her.
All right. What do you know?
If she couldn't handle it, why would she ask Zhe Yan for the amnesia potion?
This is fine. If she wants to forget, then let her forget.
That's right.
We'll just tell her she was injured in the battle against Qing Cang
so she fell into a deep sleep.
As for her eyes...
we'll say that it was a disease from when she was born.
It was dormant.
It was activated after she was hurt.
Okay. That's what we'll tell her.
Will you remember all of that?
I'll remember.
Go to the Yellow Springs.
Use dark rays to find a white silk that can block intense lights
so that Bai Qian can wear it.
Okay. I'll go now.
My mother and father always listen to you.
They agree with everything you say.
I haven't asked you before.
Before I was born, how did you know my parents?
Before you were born?
Back then, I was the first to fall in love with your mother.
But your mother insisted on your unromantic father.
After battling with your father
I found that our personalities were complimentary
so we just became friends.
That happened?
Yes. So you should thank me.
If I didn't give up on your mother
you all wouldn't be here today.
You're shameless.
My mother couldn't possibly fall for an old phoenix like you.
Old phoenix?
Zhen Zhen, do you remember when you were a week old
you did everything you could to climb on me to give me a kiss?
Old Phoenix, is there a point in bringing up things when I was one?
There is.
Ye Hua.
Don't look so hurt.
It breaks my heart.
I got amnesia potion from Medicine King.
Drink it.
You'll forget Su Su after you drink it.
Then you'll become the crown prince you were before.
I won't ask that you achieve anything great.
I just want you to live a nice life.
I don't want to forget her.
You've been sleeping well.
Fourth Brother.
Why do I feel like I can't see clearly?
The light is dazzling.
Don't get worked up.
Zhe Yan is also worried about your eyes.
It'll be fine after a while.
But you can't look at anything too bright.
Why is that?
You were born with this illness.
When Mother was pregnant with you
Heavenly Lord Zheng Feng created a huge flood
to punish the people of all the realms.
After the flood, there wasn't anything to eat.
Since Mother couldn't eat anything, she was weak.
So when you were born you were just a wrinkly little fox.
You had a weird eye disease.
How come I've never had this happen to me before?
The disease was dormant for thousands of years.
It lived in harmony with you for years.
But when you were injured, it took the opportunity to break out.
But fortunately, Father went to the Yellow Springs
to get this white silk that blocks intense rays for you.
When you go to places that are really bright, it will come out naturally.
It'll only block off the intense rays and won't affect what you see.
Fourth Brother, when did I get injured?
You've slept for thousands of years since the battle against Qing Cang.
I don't really remember everything that happened in between very clearly.
My dear High Goddess Bai Qian.
High Goddess?
Look at your spirit.
Can you see that you've ascended to a high goddess?
How did I pass my heavenly trial?
I just battled against Qing Cang and slept for thousands of years.
Did I ascend in my dreams?
You're very lucky.
Compared to my high immortal heavenly trial?
Your luck has improved this time around.
- I must go. - What's wrong?
I've been asleep all these years. Master...
Without blood from my heart, Master...
Fifth Sister!
- Where's Master? - You're awake.
Go and see for yourself.
Master, your unfilial disciple has come to see you.
I've been asleep all these years.
Why hasn't Master's body changed at all?
Mo Yuan's body has been preserved very well even without blood from your heart.
From the looks of it, it seems Mo Yuan will wake up soon.
Mi Gu.
- Mi Gu. - Aunt.
Why do you look so concerned?
Ever since Little Princess came back from the Celestial Palace
she's been drinking nonstop.
Bai Yi brought her home.
But started beating her when they couldn't talk things though.
I secretly saved her.
When Little Princess was getting beaten
she wouldn't cry even though she was bleeding.
Since she's been here, she hasn't spoken.
Aunt, hurry and go see her.
Feng Jiu, why did you drink so much?
Wine isn't good for you.
Of course, the wine that Zhe Yan makes is the best thing in the world.
But you can't just drown your sorrows in alcohol.
You're wasting Zhe Yan's work.
You must know that alcohol will only give you relief for a moment.
When you sober up, the things that trouble you will still be there.
Aunt, it's not because I'm worried about anything.
I know that drinking won't get rid of my problems.
It's just that if I don't drink, I'll want to cry from the pain.
So that's why I keep drinking.
I can't cry in front of Dijun.
I can't cry in front of anyone else.
I can only cry here.
Aunt, look at me.
I have to find a safe place just to cry.
How pitiful.
Fourth Brother, leave it to me.
Let the two of us have a nice chat.
Okay, okay. I'll leave it to you.
I don't know what you women think.
What should I say about you?
So many things happened to you in such a short time.
Tell me what's going on with you and Dong Hua Dijun.
Let me see if I can reason things out for you.
That day when you left me at Kunlun Mountain
Dijun came and...
Don't cry anymore. Don't cry anymore.
Don't cry.
I know what you're crying about.
The person who caused your mother to lose her eyes and her life
is going to marry your father tonight.
If she hadn't jumped down Zhuxian Terrace she would be the one entering Xiwu Palace
not the woman who did those things to her.
All right, all right. Don't cry.
Let's not cry.
Be good.
Aunt, why did I fall for Dong Hua Dijun?
You're asking me? Who am I supposed to ask?
I should be asking you.
You're the only granddaughter of Qing Qiu's king.
You could fall for anyone.
But you just had to fall for the former ruler of the world.
Dong Hua Dijun is higher ranked than the Heavenly Lord.
He was once the ruler of the whole world.
You must know that even before your father was born
Dong Hua Dijun was already ruling the world.
I know.
Si Ming told me.
Then why are you wasting your time thinking about this problem?
It would be great if reason could get someone to stop loving another person.
Aunt, have you ever liked anyone?
Were you also immature like me?
I have.
Really? Who in this world made you fall for him?
Hurry and tell me.
It's better that I don't talk about it.
It was when I was at Kunlun Mountain.
It's very embarrassing.
I once told you
that the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun is Kunlun Mountain's magic artifact.
I can't find out how many owners it's passed through
and what it's been through.
Ye Hua, why are you investigating Mo Yuan's whereabouts right after waking up?
Father has sent people to investigate this for 70,000 years.
There have been no leads.
The Celestial Tribe has done all it can.
Si Yin and Mo Yuan's disappearance can't be that simple.
Si Yin is Mo Yuan's favorite disciple.
But he wouldn't let his master be buried in the Sea of Innocence.
Instead, he stole and hid the body.
The most probable reason for doing this is that
he wants to bring Mo Yuan come back to life.
I once thought that too.
But even if the two of them are alive
you don't have to investigate it right now.
You should recuperate.
I want to find Si Yin.
I want to know the method of bringing Mo Yuan back to life.
You want to make Su Su come back to life?
If Your Highness wants to know Si Yin's whereabouts
I know someone who might have some clues.
Who?
Bai Feng Jiu.
Qing Qiu Bai Qian's niece?
Precisely.
I feel like she knows something.
I'll go to Qing Qiu.
Now? Did you forget that you're getting married to Su Jin today?
Am I? I forgot.
You are?
I am Celestial Crown Prince Ye Hua.
I'd like to see Qing Qiu's Princess Bai Feng Jiu.
Crown prince?
I'll go tell her and ask her to come out.
Aunt, I got your Cloud Clearing Fan back.
Did Mi Gu return it to you?
He did.
He also told me that to temporarily forget what Dijun did to make you sad
you went to North Sea to cause trouble.
Not really.
It's just that since coming back from Celestial Palace
I've completely given up.
I suddenly remembered that I forgot to teach Shao Xing a lesson for you
so I got the energy to go yell at her for you.
I know you treat me best.
Even though you're disheartened, you didn't forget to stand up for me.
Of course!
Aunt, Crown Prince Ye Hua is here.
Isn't my marriage with his second uncle already canceled?
What is he doing here?
Aunt, that guy is unfaithful and heartless.
You must not marry him!
Why would I marry him?
You must now know.
After your battle with Qing Cang and when you were sleeping to recuperate
Fox King and High God Zhe Yan personally arranged this marriage for you.
What marriage?
Breaking off your marriage with Celestial Second Prince
and marrying Crown Prince Ye Hua instead.
Why didn't I know about this?
Didn't you just wake up?
Maybe Fourth Uncle and High God Zhe Yan didn't get the chance to tell you yet.
Wasn't my marriage with his second uncle just get canceled?
Why am I in an arranged marriage with him now?
I will go talk to them to break off this marriage.
Aunt, you must not.
This is more important than the marriage with the Water King of the North Sea.
Back then it was just an engagement
but now your marriage with the crown prince
is something Heavenly Lord and Fox King swore to in front of the whole world.
If you really break it off
it'll make Qing Qiu and Celestial Tribe look really bad.
What were my mother and father thinking?
Forget it. Tell the crown prince to leave.
I don't want to see him.
Aunt, you're not the one Crown Prince wants to see.
It's Feng Jiu.
Feng Jiu?
Are you close with him?
Absolutely not. I hate him.
Really?
Yes.
Celestial Tribe's crown prince personally came to Qing Qiu to see you.
Did you cause some trouble?
I really didn't.
But his cousin also likes Dong Hua.
Maybe he's here to teach me a lesson for his cousin?
You and his cousin fought?
No!
Why would I fight with such a delicate girl?
Forget it. I'll just go out and ask.
Go ahead.
But don't tell him I'm here.
Your Highness.
I've been around Taichen Palace, but I've never talked to Your Highness.
Why is Your Highness here to see me today?
I came here today to personally ask you if you've heard of High Immortal Si Yin.
Why did Dijun ask me and why is he asking me too?
Si Ming must have said something.
Si Yin? I've heard about him from High God Zhe Yan.
He brought a fox to Kunlun Mountain to train.
Is he the one Your Highness is talking about?
Precisely. Do you know where he went 70,000 years ago, after the war?
I don't know.
I understand.
Goodbye.
He wanted to see me to ask that?
Congratulations, Your Highness.
I don't know why but I don't dare to step out of this palace.
Marrying into Xiwu Palace has been your wish for years.
You should be happy.
What are you scared of now?
I'm afraid he'll mind that I used to be a consort of the Celestial Palace.
You've been through a lot.
Heavenly Lord bestowed this marriage
but His Highness won't go through a grand wedding ceremony with you.
He just told us to sit in a carriage and go.
That's not important.
What's important is starting today, I am a side consort of Xiwu Palace.
Ye Hua's side consort.
Your Highness, the people outside are saying that
Consort Su Jin's carriage is almost here.
Is it?
Your Highness, you're not going to change?
The red candles in the palace hurt my eyes.
Change them all for me.
Yes.
Your Highness, look.
His Highness didn't want to make things hard for you
Ye Hua.
You're back.
Why do you still hate talking?
It's okay. I already know what you're like.
Since you don't like talking, I'll just talk more.
From when you were born, you were my only family.
Ye Hua, trust me.
In this world, no other woman will treat you better than I do.
Husband.
Your Highness, please don't be angry...
Why?
Before sealing Qing Cang I once stole a bottle of wine.
Now I'm returning it.
Ninth loved coming here to find me.
He was the one who always came here to clean
even though he didn't drink.
If he were here today, he'd probably be really busy.
Where's my Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun suddenly disappeared.
Could it have been summoned by its owner?
Or did it go somewhere else?
Where could a Kunlun magic artifact go?
Could it be Si Yin?
I am an unfilial disciple.
I almost lost you.
The rumors are true.
The disciples of Kunlun Mountain have scattered.
This hall has been abandoned for 70,000 years.
There's nothing alive here.
I've waited a long time for you.
Where did you go?
I went to Kunlun Mountain.
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun disappeared all of a sudden.
I thought maybe its owner, Si Yin, returned.
Mo Yuan is Heavenly Father's son.
The fact that his body's whereabouts are unknown
is also something that's bothered me for years.
If we can find Si Yin, we might really be able to find Mo Yuan.
It's a pity.
He wasn't at Kunlun Mountain.
But it's been 70,000 years.
We can't rush this.
Today, I waited for you to come back because of Su Jin.
Back then, when she offered the Soul-gathering Lamp in front of everyone
I consented for her to marry into Xiwu Palace.
It was an imperial decree. She is already your side consort.
Whether you acknowledge it or not it won't change.
Since I have to answer to all the realms
I can only acknowledge this Imperial decree.
But Xiwu Palace has many buildings.
Besides the Hall of Beautiful Youth and Zichen Palace
I don't care where she lives.
Your Highness, Her Highness would like to see you!
Her Highness says she has a way to save Su Su!
