What are you two doing?
Crown Prince has issued an order. There will be a wedding in a few days.
Aside from the palace's people, nobody else is to enter.
Impudence!
How dare you block my lady's way?
Consort Su Jin has long been bestowed in marriage by Heavenly Lord.
She will be moving into Xiwu Palace in less than half a month.
Are you two not afraid of the consequences?
We are freshly returned from the battlefield.
We have been used to mindlessly drifting around the world.
We really do not know the rules in the Nine Heavens.
If we have offended you two ladies, please understand.
Not lady, but consort. Consort Su Jin.
It is of no matter. No wonder the two of you look so new.
After I move into Xiwu Palace, we'll all be familiar with each other.
- Farewell, Your Highness. - Farewell, Your Highness.
Be careful.
Thank you.
No, there was a wonderful peach blossom scent around the lady.
It is the scent of my peach tree woods.
She must be tied to Bai Qian in some way.
I must make another trip to the Celestial Palace.
Bi Fang!
A-Li.
Mother is leaving now.
Your Highness, Nai Nai has taken the young prince to Consort Le Xu.
I understand.
Where is Your Highness going?
It is stifling inside. I want to go out for a walk.
Would you like us to come with you?
No need. I am familiar with these paths. I can go by myself.
Your Highness, do you really not need us to come with you?
This lady hasn't held the young prince even once.
She must not like to interact with others.
She seems quite pitiful. I wonder what disease she caught to end up blind.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
Is Your Highness going to the lotus pond again?
I, Ye Hua, ask all the gods of the world to bear witness
in front of the Lakes of the Far East.
From this day forth, I will be married to Su Su.
I will love her with all my heart for all eternity
and never part from her regardless of fortune or calamity.
Congratulations, Sir, you are going to be a father.
Congratulations to you as well. You are going to be a mother.
Are you really going to marry that woman?
Have you thought about it?
You used the events of the night A-Li was born as justification
to replace all the maids that Heavenly Lord granted you
and stationed many of your own soldiers to guard Xiwu Palace.
It has already been wearing on your father's nerves.
Your Highness, Your Highness! The young prince won't stop crying.
He won't stop no matter what I do.
How can this be?
Wasn't he doing fine just now? Why is he suddenly acting like this?
Is he hungry?
He was fed before we came over.
The young prince is normally very obedient.
I don't know what is wrong today.
Be good.
Su Su, Su Su!
Su Su, where are you?
Ye Hua.
Su Su.
I am leaving now.
Don't look for me.
I will be fine on my own.
Take good care of A-Li for me.
I once dreamed I could hold his hand
and go with him to view the moon, the stars, and the sea of clouds.
However, it seems I won't be able to do any of that now.
Don't tell him his mother is just an ordinary person.
The immortals of Heaven don't seem to really like him.
Su Su, tell me where you are. I'll come to you.
I am at Zhuxian Terrace.
Su Jin told me
if I jump off, I will be able to return to where I should return to.
Ye Hua.
Let me go.
I will also let you go.
From now on, we won't owe each other anything.
I will definitely marry you.
- From now on... - No.
- I will be your eyes. - Don't, Ye Hua.
Ye Hua!
Since we have made an oath in front of the Lakes of the Far East
we are to be husband and wife for all eternity.
You must not do me wrong for all eternity.
I have always held a clear distinction between love and hate.
I can tolerate no wrong.
If you betray me...
What would you do?
If you betray me, those oaths will become null and void.
I will leave you, never to see you again.
Si Yin.
There is such substantial activity coming from Qing Cang all of a sudden.
It must be related to the one who sealed him.
Dijun.
You already lost half of your powers from saving Little Princess.
- I'm worried you- - You are right to worry.
I need to go into seclusion to recuperate.
While I am away...
write something for me in the Book of Destiny.
Book of Destiny? I control the fates of mortals.
I am powerless to do anything about the fates of immortals.
After I come out of seclusion, I will be going to the mortal realm.
What will you be doing there?
The Hong Luan Star will not be ascendant in my destiny.
When I go to the mortal realm
you can write of a marriage in your Book of Destiny.
She kept me company for so long in the Celestial Palace.
Nevertheless, I should fulfill her wish to stay with me.
If Heavenly Lord asks, how should I reply?
Just say...
I am going to experience the bitterness of life.
Father, you must not.
Celestials need the divine fungal grass to purify their cultivation.
Otherwise, both you and Ye Hua will lose control of your powers
and fall into a demonic state!
There is no time to worry about that now.
You must not, even if there is no time!
Father is Heavenly Lord, while Ye Hua is your successor.
If you both fall into a demonic state, what will become of the Celestial Tribe?
Wait for us to get divine fungal grass from the Eastern Sea.
Father, do not be impatient!
No, there is no time.
Sorry, Father.
Third Brother, what are you doing?
What do you think I am doing?
You know how much Father loves Ye Hua.
He will even risk his life for him! Why would he fear turning demonic?
Don't delay anymore, Eldest Brother! Come with me to get divine fungal grass.
Sister-in-law, you'll stay here.
Before we return, aside from Medicine King, nobody is to come in.
All right.
Let's go!
Ye Hua.
Why must you treat me like this?
I have never sought to have you only for myself.
Am I not even allowed to merely stay by your side?
Your Highness! Your Highness!
Go quickly to Zichen Hall!
What's the matter?
His Highness... His Highness jumped off Zhuxian Terrace!
It's unknown whether he's still alive!
What? What did you say?
Hurry! Go quickly, Your Highness.
Perhaps... you may still get to see His Highness one last time.
Your Highness!
High God.
What has happened?
My lord has suffered critical injuries.
Heavenly Lord is waiting for divine fungal grass in Zichen Hall
to transfer his own cultivation to save my lord's life.
Critical injuries? Wasn't he perfectly fine this morning?
- High God. - High God.
Quick, Medicine King, follow me.
Wait.
High God, what orders do you have?
Why don't you bring me inside?
Perhaps my medical expertise may be of help.
Yes!
In this world, the one with the most medical expertise must be you, High God.
Jia Yun, why don't you bring the two of us inside?
All right, please follow me.
Your Highness may not enter.
Why am I not allowed inside?
Eldest Prince and Third Prince ordered me
not to allow entry to anyone but Medicine King before they return.
But High God Zhe Yan... Why was he allowed inside?
High God Zhe Yan's medical expertise is known throughout the four seas.
By defying orders, I am risking my head
to allow High God Zhe Yan inside to save the Crown Prince.
Your Highness cannot provide any help for the Crown Prince's injuries.
Please do not make my task difficult.
Then tell me.
Ye Hua...
He is still alive.
Consort Le Xu.
High God Zhe Yan.
Your Highness, my medical skills are incomparable to Zhe Yan's.
He was outside the hall by chance. Why don't you allow him to take a look?
All right.
You may take a look at Ye Hua. I will not be in your way.
Heavenly Lord is...
No need to explain. I do not see anything.
I have long since sequestered myself from the three realms
and am no longer confined to convention.
May I request that you all step out?
All right.
Your Highness, when High God Zhe Yan retired from the three realms
he may have sealed his magical artifact under Kunlun Mountain
but he still has his medical expertise.
Nobody else in this world can compare to him.
Let us wait patiently.
I do not know what relationship you have to Mo Yuan
for even your spirit to be so similar to his.
If you are him, then you had better live on.
Kunlun Mountain has already waited for you for 70,000 years.
If you are not him, then since you have a face just like his
then you should be like him
and persevere for all the people of the world.
Ye Hua.
My good grandson.
High God Zhe Yan?
Was it my two unworthy sons who went to the Peach Tree Woods to ask you to come?
How I came is not important.
Heavenly Lord, Ye Hua is in no critical danger now.
However, whether he will wake up will depend on his luck.
What?
What you mean is...
He will continue sleeping like this?
It is highly likely.
Well? Have you retrieved the divine fungal grass?
Those four beasts possess half of Heavenly Father's life cultivation.
Even Third Brother and I together are unable to defeat them.
It's all right. It's all right.
Zhe Yan has been inside for a whole night already.
There is surely hope for Ye Hua.
High God Zhe Yan is inside?
Yes, he has been inside the whole night.
- Father. - Father.
Thank you for your help, Zhe Yan.
It was only by chance.
I have told your father already.
The Crown Prince's life has been saved
but whether he can wake up will depend on his luck.
You mean to say...
it's possible Ye Hua may not wake up?
It will depend on his will to live.
Summon anyone he cares about and have them accompany him day and night.
This will be helpful in waking him.
That mortal is the only one he constantly longs for.
That mortal has already lost her soul at Zhuxian Terrace.
Mortal? Is it the lady who is blind?
Everyone, I have already done all I can.
- Farewell. - Zhe Yan.
You have done a favor for the Celestial Tribe by helping us today.
I will surely repay the favor one day.
I am already one unconcerned with temporal affairs, and have no desires.
Naturally, I do not need any repayment.
I merely have been brought to the Crown Prince by fate.
Bai Qian?
Fortunately, you are not in any critical danger.
You only have some minor wounds.
Is there wine?
There is wine.
But first, you have to tell me what happened.
Ever since you sealed away Qing Cang
your parents and brothers have been searching for you like madmen.
Even I have not had a good night's sleep for a while.
Your eyes, and the injuries all over your body... What exactly happened?
What's the matter?
Did you do something shameful and are afraid I'll tell your Fourth Brother?
I may have sealed away Qing Cang
but I did not gain any advantage.
He sealed my memories and powers
and left me on Mount Junji.
I underwent a trial.
Zhe Yan.
I remember you have a medicine.
When taken, one can forget the things one does not wish to remember.
Am I right?
These past few years must have been very depressing for you.
Whether to remember or to forget is your own choice.
However, I must warn you in advance.
There is no way to undo the effects of this medicine of mine.
Once you use it
the past events will truly be of no more concern to you.
My mother often said
I am lucky in life.
I was born as an immortal.
I was already an immortal without needing to cultivate.
But there is nothing so convenient in this world.
Without experiencing a heavenly trial, how can one ascend to high god?
In the years that flew by
I merely experienced a heavenly trial.
Since this trial has already passed
there are some things that need not be remembered.
Ye Hua.
Open your eyes and take a look, won't you?
This is your child.
He has just lost his mother.
If he loses his father as well, how pitiful would he be?
Open your eyes, won't you?
How come things are suddenly like this?
He was subjected to lightningbolts every day.
For the Crown Prince's seal
he endured 36 sacred blazes and 9 holy lightning bolts.
This jump of his was clearly to seek death.
If we had allowed him to marry that mortal
at most, there would just be one more side consort in Xiwu Palace.
It would not have been as bad as losing his life.
That's enough.
It is my fault.
Father, I have been unfilial.
I raised a disappointing son.
In the end, he is still
the Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince whom everyone believes in.
Ye Hua, you took this step because I forced you to.
I thought after I forced her to her death
you would only be in low spirits for a few days
but thereafter, you would still be
the Celestial Tribe's heir apparent revered by the four seas.
However, I never expected...
you would actually place such great importance on that woman.
Ye Hua... Is he really not going to wake up?
I was incapable of curing him.
Perhaps there is still a chance.
What chance?
The Celestial Tribe has a sacred object called the Soul-gathering Lamp.
It was created by Heavenly Father during the time of the Great Flood.
The lamp can gather together the parts of an immortal's spirit.
The Soul-gathering Lamp?
It is a sacred item of the Celestial Tribe?
How come I have never heard of it?
This sacred object belongs to the Su Jin Clan.
Su Jin?
I remember. I remember that lamp.
My mother did indeed say
this lamp can gather an immortal's spirit!
Is this true?
Where is it now?
It was kept in my mother's possession ever since I was young.
Later, when my entire clan perished and was buried in the Sea of Innocence
I put it away for my mother with the items buried with the dead.
It is in the Sea of Innocence!
Sea of Innocence?
It is where the Celestial Tribe preserves the bodies of immortals.
Since it was buried with the dead
then it must be in your mother's crystal coffin.
It's been 70,000 years since she has passed away.
If we are to open her coffin now, I'm afraid...
Heavenly Lord need not worry.
Since the lamp can save the Celestial Tribe's heir apparent
the buried surely would not mind being disturbed for the lamp's retrieval.
I'll send Tian Shu to take you to retrieve the lamp.
Being disturbed by her own daughter is better than by a stranger.
Yes, I'll go right now.
Mother, thank you for giving me yet another chance.
This time, I definitely won't waste it. I definitely won't.
Your Highness, have you gotten the lamp?
In my hands is the Soul-gathering Lamp.
Follow me quickly back to the Celestial Palace.
Yes.
I have retrieved my mother's burial possession
the Soul-gathering Lamp.
I hope Your Majesty will remember everything I have done in the past
and remember what you once promised me.
Su Jin, you were once my side consort
and are also a descendant of a meritorious subject.
Should you wish to marry again
I will grant you another fine marriage arrangement.
Why must you be so attached to Ye Hua?
Please grant me my wish, Your Majesty.
All right, I promise you.
You brought us this lamp today.
If it really can save Ye Hua
I will definitely have you married into Xiwu Palace.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
