Immortal!
A-Yin.
I'm sorry.
Nothing can come of a relationship between
between one of Celestial Tribe and one of Ghost Tribe.
Very well.
Very well.
You get to decide if anything comes of it.
Then tell me.
What do you plan on doing with me?
At that time...
At that time, I was too foolish.
Back then, you said you would be with me regardless of what happens.
Now you say you were foolish.
Si Yin, allow us to be together.
Li Jing and I are in love.
In the end, nothing will come of your relationship.
Then tell me what would be an outcome?
An illicit relationship leading to abandonment?
Or the end of a relationship?
- A-Yin, I- - Don't say my name!
I am the one who betrayed you.
A-Yin.
I am the one who betrayed you.
I am unworthy of being with you.
Go be with Mo Yuan.
You dare to dishonor my master?
You said regardless of who I am, you would be with me.
But now?
Very well.
I'll let you two be.
- Immortal! - Let go.
Your Highness.
Let's go.
Are you really following me to Ghost Realm?
You have to consider this carefully.
In the Ghost Realm
I am nothing but a powerless second prince.
Your Highness.
I betrayed Si Yin.
That is like betraying Kunlun Mountain and the Celestial Tribe.
Now, Your Highness is the only one I can rely on.
Let's go.
Master.
- Master, you came out of seclusion? - You're up?
If I came any later, you would have burned down Kunlun Mountain.
I have done wrong.
You drank so much. I hope you were crying.
Or else, it'd be a pity for my fine wine if you keep all your frustrations in.
Master, why did you leave early?
It's enough that you don't focus when you practice your powers
but you're don't even commit to crying.
Master, I don't want to cry anymore.
Good, then don't cry.
Master, how are your injuries?
Will there be any lasting effects?
It's no matter.
I don't need you to stew yourself into a soup for me.
You heard me, Master?
Very clearly.
Li Jing's eyes are very bright.
But it's a shame he has such poor judgment.
You know, Master?
Know what?
I only heard that a woman who looks like you, left with Li Jing.
They left?
Back to the Ghost Realm.
Just as well.
Master.
Let's not talk about those irrelevant people.
Let's talk about something interesting.
Something interesting?
Master, since you have come out of seclusion
tell me about the Bell of the East Emperor.
Bell of the East Emperor?
Why would you ask about that?
By chance, I heard
the Bell of the East Emperor is in Qing Cang's possession.
Later on, I looked through many texts but I didn't find why that is.
It is written in the ancient records that you created the Bell.
It is an artifact that can destroy heaven and earth.
Why would it be in the Ghost Realm?
During the war with the Demon Tribe
in order to forge an alliance between the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe
Heavenly Father gave the Bell to Qing Cang as a show of good faith.
So can the Bell of the East Emperor really destroy heaven and earth?
That is correct.
The Bell of the East Emperor is an extremely dangerous weapon.
Once it has been activated, it will destroy all living beings in the world.
The only way to stop it is to offer a powerful spirit as sacrifice
in order to have it locked up again.
Then what happens after the sacrifice?
The soul of the sacrificed will be scattered.
The fury of the Bell will be quelled and peace will return to the world.
So if Qing Cang revolts
then the Bell of the East Emperor will be a great danger.
Master, I've heard the Bell can also seal a spirit.
Is this true?
That is true.
However, the ones who can use the Bell to seal a spirit
are only the Celestial Tribe, Phoenix Clan, and Nine-tailed Fox Clan.
That means the ones capable of performing a seal
are only the Fox King, Zhe Yan, and the Heavenly Lord?
I can as well.
Master, Lord of Numinous Treasures has sent someone with an invitation
saying he'll be hosting an assembly and wishes you will come.
I know you have sent them away in the past.
But this time, it is Lord of Numinous Treasures-
It is time for Seventeenth to broaden her horizons.
Master, are you really going?
Pack your things. We'll be leaving the day after tomorrow.
Yes.
Seventeenth.
Master never used to accept these sorts of tedious invitations.
This time, he must have seen you depressed
so he's taking you out to lift your spirits.
You are not a child anymore.
Stop worrying the Master so much. That is the virtue of a good disciple.
I know.
Don't worry, Senior.
We all know you are so heartbroken because Li Jing took Xuan Nu with him
because you are fond of Xuan Nu.
Say no more. I understand.
Second Brother.
I trust you have been well?
Father, Li Jing absolutely wouldn't collude with Celestial Tribe.
Please calm down, Father.
Move aside.
Treacherous son!
I know I had let down your birth mother
by sacrificing her life for the entire Ghost Realm.
But tell me.
When have I ever treated you unfairly?
I allowed you to lead a life of debauchery in the mortal realm.
When have I ever stopped you?
I have two sons and a daughter. I have been most tolerant with you.
Now you are giving up the Ghost Realm for an immortal
and have covert communications with Kunlun Mountain.
Don't you deserve to die?
- I deserve to die. - Shut up!
I hate you like this the most.
You are exactly the same as your mother!
I am willing to accept death.
I only ask that you let her go.
She is not involved in this.
You are still concerned about some woman when you are about to die?
Father!
What did you call me?
Father, I am the woman that Li Jing brought back from Kunlun Mountain.
I am his beloved. It isn't Si Yin!
Father, please understand. Do not kill an innocent!
What did you say? Explain.
Li Jing did indeed go to Kunlun Mountain.
However, it was to spy on them.
Father must know that while at Grand Ziming Palace
Li Jing had pretended to be friendly with Si Yin.
After Mo Yuan barged into Grand Ziming Palace and rescued Si Yin
Li Jing also took the chance to follow them.
Father, you watched Li Jing grow up.
Does Father not know whether or not he is loyal to the Ghost Tribe?
Keep going.
His Highness saved my life at Kunlun Mountain
and consequently, I fell in love at first sight.
I willingly followed him back to Ghost Realm.
I am now his woman, and naturally, I would call you Father.
His Highness learned nothing while at Kunlun Mountain.
But since I have followed him
I should help him fulfill his filial duties as your son.
I am willing to help Father conquer the Celestial Tribe.
Who gave you the audacity to say you can help me?
Father must not know who I am.
I am the younger sister-in-law of Bai Xuan of Qing Qiu.
Just with my identity alone
So what?
I had heard the people of Kunlun Mountain mention
this war between Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe.
From what I know, Kunlun Mountain has stored
the Celestial Army's tactical formation
which is used to defend against enemy troops.
I know that.
In the war with Demon Tribe
Mo Yuan led the Celestial Army and utilized 49 formations.
It was immensely powerful and thus forced the Demon Tribe to retreat.
I have a plan to help you break the formation.
Speak.
However, I would like you to promise me two things.
You dare negotiate terms with me?
Are you not afraid I would behead you?
I don't dare.
What I'm asking for are just tiny favors.
I merely want you to let me and Li Jing go
and grant me marriage, allowing me to be officially wed into Grand Ziming Palace.
So simple?
It is that simple.
Li Jing, Li Jing.
Who knew you would be just like your mother?
You can make numerous people brave any difficulty for you
just to remain by your side.
- Are you giving your consent, Father? - Of course.
I promise you.
The wedding will be tomorrow.
Four qilin will escort you into Grand Ziming Palace.
You will be officially wed.
The Ghost Realm will celebrate for nine days.
Thank you for granting me this wish, Father
Li Jing has as many women in the palace as clouds in the sky.
I do not care if he weds or not.
Bear this in mind.
Since you have entered Grand Ziming Palace
then you are part of Ghost Tribe.
Do not forget the tactical formations you promised me.
I will not disappoint you, Father.
Your Highnesses.
Take care.
Please wait.
Mo Yuan?
I never expected you would come in person.
I just came out of seclusion.
It happens Si Yin has never been to the Realm of Supreme Purity
so I brought him along.
Si Yin.
We saw each other just a few days ago.
We have the chance to meet again today.
- Mo Yuan. - Mo Yuan.
Si Yin, greet Second Prince and Third Prince of Celestial Tribe.
Second Prince, Third Prince.
Second Prince is greatly doted on by Heavenly Lord.
A few days ago, Heavenly Lord even wanted to ask Zhe Yan
to ask Bai Qian of Qing Qiu for her hand in marriage to Second Prince.
Si Yin, why are you so alarmed?
Do you know Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
I don't.
Si Yin is a wild fox that Zhe Yan picked up
and sent my way to learn from me.
He must have been happy to hear his savior's name.
Yes.
I'm happy.
Since you know Zhe Yan so well
do you think he will help Heavenly Lord to ask for Bai Qian's hand in marriage?
I don't know.
I think Zhe Yan isn't someone who likes to meddle in others' affairs.
Father said if you did come
to ask you to make a trip to the main hall.
Ghost Tribe's rebellion is near at hand.
You are needed in discussions of the military plan.
Okay, I understand.
Your injuries are not light.
You must have forced yourself to come out of seclusion.
That is why I came to the Realm of Supreme Purity
for the use of your hot spring.
Although my Heavenly Spring has a spiritual influence
it is not a cure-all.
Are you so anxious for a complete recovery
for the sake of maintaining the golden lotus left by Heavenly Father
or because of the Ghost Realm?
Both.
I was at Kunlun Mountain a few days ago.
I sensed the stirrings of the golden lotus's spirit.
Congratulations. Your task is soon to be finished.
I have sensed it too.
Your Highness.
A-Yin.
My biggest wish was to one day be able to marry you.
Your Highness, I am Xuan Nu.
That is right.
You are Xuan Nu.
You are not A-Yin.
You are not A-Yin.
If A-Yin were here today
A-Yin absolutely would not sacrifice his tribe to save his own life.
A-Yin places such great value on his friendships and relationships.
Yet, for you...
I betrayed his trust.
Your Highness.
I did it all for you.
Xuan Nu.
Take a good look.
You loved the wrong person.
There is indeed someone in here.
But it isn't you.
A-Yin.
I'm sorry.
When it comes down to it, it is all my fault.
Your Highness, can you not talk about this on our wedding night?
Wedding?
Your Highness.
What is it?
You have to stand guard outside on my wedding night?
If you hadn't picked a good wife
Father would have already had you beheaded.
You wouldn't be alive to enjoy your wedding night.
You're wrong, Brother.
The three of us are of great use to Father.
He won't kill us.
Take Second Prince and put a strict watch on him.
Before the day we head out to war he is not to be let out.
- Yes. - Yes.
Go drag Li Jing's woman outside.
- Yes. - Yes.
What are you doing? What are you doing?
I am Second Princess Consort. What do you think you're doing?
- What are you doing? - Go.
Let me go! Let me go!
Let go!
Mo Yuan of Celestial Tribe
broke into Grand Ziming Palace, seized my godson, Ling Yu
and massacred Ghost Realm's soldiers.
As ruler of Ghost Realm I will not stand for this humiliation.
Are you all willing to follow me
to upend the world, shift heaven and earth
drag that old man, Heavenly Lord, down from the Nine Heavens
and have the Ghost Tribe rule over the whole world?
We pledge our lives to you...
Good.
Drag this woman back to Kunlun Mountain
and let the Celestial Tribe see the Ghost Tribe's resolve to wage war!
I didn't think I would be out on this trip with you for so long.
Even if you don't say it, I know.
You are doing this to cheer me up.
At least you have some conscience.
Seventeenth.
I'm tired.
Let's rest here for an hour. What do you think?
All right.
Even though Li Jing really did betray my trust
millions of years later, there will come a day when I can let it go.
It was merely a love affair between a man and a woman.
I've made Master worry about me. I've been such an unfilial disciple.
You are not filial.
Your master suffered severe injuries from the thunderbolts
and came out of isolation before fully recovering.
It was all because of you.
Right now, he is extremely anxious. Yet, you do not know anything.
Luckily, Fourth Brother and Zhe Yan don't know about this yet.
If they knew, they would surely laugh at me.
Fortunately, I didn't send that letter that day.
Fourth Brother?
You have a Fourth Brother?
But Fourth Brother has said
Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe will wage war sooner or later.
I wonder if Master will bring me to war with him.
After following Master for 20,000 years, I still haven't led an army.
How unlucky.
War?
If I were Mo Yuan, I definitely wouldn't let you-
Ninth is about to win again.
Senior, why are you so absentminded?
Qing Cang has made moves to gather an army for rebellion.
Master is late to return.
If Qing Cang were to deploy his army at this time
then it will be a big problem.
How is Qing Cang any match for Master? Do you need to be so nervous?
I think what Senior is worried about
is that Master endured three thunderbolts for Seventeenth
and came out of isolation early.
He is not fully healed. It'll be difficult for him to go to war.
Do not mention this in front of Seventeenth.
Otherwise, he'll blame himself and drink to drown his sorrows.
Maybe Seventeenth is still thinking about Xuan Nu.
Speaking of Xuan Nu
after Li Jing brought her back to Ghost Realm
they had a wedding with great fanfare.
The Ghost Tribe celebrated for nine days.
I'm afraid Seventeenth will be upset again if he hears of it.
Seventeenth.
Hello, seniors.
I have escorted Master safely back.
Not bad, not bad. When you left, you were nearly soulless.
Now you're the same old Seventeenth.
I've experienced so much on this trip with Master.
I had thought Master had no interest in Buddhist or Daoist doctrines.
But when he starts debating, he speaks so eloquently.
Every time an immortal stepped up, Master would come out triumphant.
It truly makes me want to sob.
Senior, Second Disciple. Xuan Nu has been left outside our gates.
What?
What?
Why would you be in this state?
Didn't you marry Li Jing?
Senior.
It is all my fault.
I shouldn't have trusted Li Jing so easily.
Senior, notify Mo Yuan.
Ghost Tribe has already started to deploy their troops for a rebellion.
Is this true?
In order to show his resolve
Qing Cang chose another woman from the Ghost Tribe for Li Jing
then whipped me with thistles and thorns, and discarded me here.
It is all to disgrace Mo Yuan.
Let me heal you first.
This teacup is nice.
Do you have more? How about giving me one?
All right, I'll have someone send it to your palace tomorrow.
Mo Yuan.
What do you think of this?
I am the God of War.
If the Ghost Tribe insists on war then let us fight.
As for how you will
make Ghost Tribe pledge allegiance to Celestial Tribe after the war
is not my concern.
You do not need to worry about that.
What a shame.
This lotus artwork is not pleasing to the eye.
Do you have a plain one?
I would like to decorate it myself.
I will have a disciple search around. There might be one.
Master.
- Master. - Master.
Qing Cang has deployed his army.
He severely injured Xuan Nu and left her outside our gates.
I'm afraid it is a show of his resolve to break ties with Celestial Tribe.
Heavenly Lord. Dijun.
I'm going to treat her wounds now. I take my leave.
It seems to be happening sooner than we had guessed.
He has deployed his army.
The Ghost Tribe has 200,000 soldiers.
Please gather 200,000 soldiers for me within ten days.
Then... I will leave it to you.
Senior.
There are no women at Kunlun Mountain.
What should we do?
Just pretend she is a man.
Senior, her life is in danger. What are you waiting for?
That's the only thing we can do.
In any case, she is still the official Second Princess Consort.
How could they beat her to such a state?
How could they bear to?
There will soon be a war. What wouldn't they do?
By the way, Heavenly Lord and Dijun were here today.
You were the only one assisting at the main hall.
Did you hear anything?
What does Heavenly Lord plan on doing?
I couldn't tell that Master was worried at all.
Dijun was the same. He was very relaxed.
Heavenly Lord seemed deeply worried and kept asking Master what should be done.
But Dijun kept talking about the teacups with Master.
I reckon Dijun and Master don't think this war is a serious matter.
Although I do not know Heavenly Lord or Dijun very well
I know Master.
The more relaxed he is before a battle
that means the more difficult the war will be.
A-Yin.
Why are you here?
You...
You went to the Ghost Realm and learned to kneel as you speak?
Keep kneeling then.
You have to kneel the entire time to be sincere.
A-Yin, I was possessed with the desire to do you wrong.
I do feel guilt in my heart and I cannot let it go.
I owe you.
I brought this all upon myself.
Tell me what I have to do for you to forgive me.
Do you think by coming to cry to me in the middle of the night
you can settle this debt you owe me?
A-Yin, if you won't forgive me
then why did you allow them to save me?
Senior is the one who saved you.
The one who allowed it was Master.
It has nothing to do with me.
Do you think the words cruel and unscrupulous
are fitting for what you did?
Si Yin, you cannot be so heartless.
Don't come closer.
If I really were heartless, I would have cut you open that day.
The one who saved you today was Senior. It is because he is a kind person.
I unable to tolerate someone so objectionable.
I advise you to leave Kunlun Mountain as soon as you have recovered.
Otherwise, if I drink too much one night
I might seek you out to exact retribution and nobody would be able to stop me.
Keep on kneeling.
Ninth Disciple?
I never expected you would have
the habit of standing around eavesdropping.
I was not eavesdropping.
I came to notify you
to prepare to go to Celestial Palace with Master to gather soldiers.
Master wants you and I to come along?
That's right. You and I will face the enemy with Master.
The other disciples will each lead their own troops
to guard the borders between Celestial Realm and Ghost Realm.
Do you have any misgivings?
Absolutely not.
Your senior disciple looks down on me.
He won't marry me even if he dies.
Your Seventeenth disciple also looks down on me.
He had me kneel, humiliating me.
That is all right. All of this is fine.
Mo Yuan, tonight I'm going to steal your Kunlun Mountain formation strategy
right under the presence of your Sword of the Yellow Emperor
and send you all to a crushing defeat.
