- You may be dismissed. - Yes.
Fourth Brother?
You're here to grab a drink with Senior?
I do often drink with your senior but this time, I'm here to visit my sister.
Thank you for your concern.
I just wanted to take a look at you.
But now that I do see you...
Although your injuries are healed, why do you seem so strange?
You seem so drained and pale.
Could it be that you're not pleased about Mo Yuan's return?
I'm happy about it.
How could I not be happy?
Why do you look so distracted then?
Perhaps it is because I've used up
some of my magical powers and have yet to recover.
All right, I'll tell you.
I'm mad at Ye Hua over a trivial matter involving Riceball.
Riceball only had two sips of fruit wine with me.
Who knew that he would be so bad at drinking?
He got drunk and slept for 14 or 15 hours.
I didn't think that it was a serious matter
but Ye Hua got angry.
He said that I didn't care for Riceball as I would for my own son.
I was too angry, so I said some mean words in a fit of rage.
I told him to have his side consort look after his son
and stop coming to see me.
A-Li is just a child.
You fed him so much wine
that he got drunk and slept for 14 or 15 hours?
You didn't even send anyone to inform Ye Hua.
Then as the stepmother, you didn't say a word about where you were going.
If he isn't angry at all, he must be quite something.
Judging by your character, you usually brush it off as a joke.
But this time, you've lost your poise
and provoked him with that side consort of his.
You're not acting like yourself.
Are you jealous?
That's impossible.
But...
These two days in the Nine Heavens I did lose my poise a bit.
I feel so uneasy seeing that side consort, Su Jin
and I can't stand it when Ye Hua scolds me.
Could it be that I'm jealous and have been for so long?
You really did get jealous.
That can't be.
I'm 90,000 years older than him.
If I married young
my grandson would be about his age now.
I even thought of getting him a few beautiful concubines.
Fourth Brother, if I really fell for him
shouldn't I have been moved when he confessed his feelings for me?
What? He already confessed his feelings for you?
Good.
If he falls for the sister I brought up, he does have good taste.
As for the age difference...
Father is 15,000 years older than Mother.
As long as you look good together, it's fine.
You two look great together.
Speaking of side consorts
Zhe Yan has been pondering over getting me a wife
but that hasn't worked out.
He must have felt that no other female deity is good enough for me.
As for you, you're always so slow when it comes to romance.
Answer me.
After he left, what was it that you found strange?
When Ye Hua first went to Qing Qiu
I wasn't used to having him around.
But since we'll have to live together after we're married
I just let him do as he wanted.
During the day, he'd take me out for a stroll.
When he was going through reports I'd munch on pumpkin seeds.
Then we'd play a game or two of chess at night.
I thought that once we are married
we'd have to spend days together for all eternity, so I got used to it.
But now that you've asked me
how did I spend my time in Qing Qiu before Ye Hua came here?
It now seems that you've really fallen for Ye Hua.
You don't have to be so perplexed.
Since Ye Hua already made a vow, even if he breaks it in the future...
Judging by this situation, I can set my mind at ease.
I'll get going.
Fourth Brother!
What are you at ease with?
What if he really breaks his vow?
What am I to do?
If I did fall for Ye Hua...
Haven't I wasted 140,000 years of my life?
I actually fell for that chap who is 90,000 years younger.
He should address me as his ancestor.
Lord Dong Hua.
Why have I returned before the 60-year trial was over?
Have you changed my schedule?
I wouldn't dare do that.
This is indeed bizarre.
In the Book of Destiny there was much written
but then the words suddenly vanished.
Perhaps, Your Lordship is unlike any other deity.
You took the heavenly trial differently.
Is there anything amiss after your abrupt return to the Celestial Palace?
I've lost nine-tenths of my powers.
What?
It's perhaps because my heavenly trial was cut short and now I'm being punished.
It will be fine in a few years.
Keep this matter to yourself.
No one is to hear of it.
Yes.
Since Little Princess has repaid his kindness
you're no longer related to Lord Dong Hua in any way.
Have some congee.
You lost so much weight in the Mortal Realm.
Mi Gu, tell me.
I enraged Lord Dong Hua's mortal self so much that he died.
Did I repay his kindness or do I owe him more favors now?
Little Princess, if that's how you see it
this debt will be hard to figure out.
But if it can't be figured out, I can't just let it go.
I'll say what you don't wish to hear.
Even if you do figure out this debt
could you really forget Lord Dong Hua?
Mi Gu, you really can read my mind.
Tell me.
Between me and him, is it just repaying him for his kindness?
All those years we had together in the Mortal Realm, what is that to him?
I often read the plays in the Mortal Realm.
Some repaid kindness and ended up together.
Others went their own ways when the kindness was repaid.
Tell me...
What about me and Lord Dong Hua?
I was asking you. Why did you throw the question back at me?
Father?
Where are you running off to?
I've beenunfiliall.
Father, please hit me.
Father!
I've done wrong!
Please don't hit me.
Second Brother, have some mercy.
Feng Jiu is the only girl in the next generation of our family.
It won't do if you beat her half to death!
Our family is totally embarrassed by this lass anyway!
We might as well beat her to death!
That won't do!
Look, Second Brother.
Both Bai Xuan and I have no children.
Qian Qian's wedding won't be held anytime soon.
When we pass on
the thrones of our five Far Lands are to be handed over to Feng Jiu.
Please show her some mercy!
Auntie...
She already has a son.
- What? - What?
The Crown Prince's son.
He's a stepson, but doesn't he still count as her son?
You're talking about Ye Hua's son.
Feng Jiu, you nearly scared me to death.
Ye Hua already has a son?
Haven't you heard?
Someone did mention it to me.
A few hundred years ago I met Ye Hua once.
I assisted him in pacifying the unrest in the Far North.
He does have the demeanor of an apparent heir.
Unfortunately, the Dragon Clan is unlike us, the Nine-tailed Fox Clan.
They like to expand their harem.
Before Fifth Sister is married to him, she already has a stepson.
He's a pampered first-born son.
That makes me quite displeased.
Since Fifth Sister was young, she's fancied only High God Mo Yuan.
Who knows?
She might call off this engagement soon.
Come over here now!
Bai Yi, calm down and let it go.
Qian Qian is now alone in the West Sea guarding Mo Yuan's spirit.
I'm worried that she might be bored, so I'll send Feng Jiu over to her.
Shouldn't you go to the West Sea now to keep your aunt company?
Yes, Fourth Uncle!
Thank goodness for Fourth Uncle...
You're Yuan Zhen?
Exactly.
Are you here to see my aunt?
She's not in the Fox Den.
No...
Yes...
Not exactly.
What is it exactly?
Speak quickly. I have matters to see to.
I'm actually here to see the little princess.
In the Mortal Realm's Imperial Palace you and I...
We're not involved in any way.
I actually don't feel anything for you.
At the bath?
There was a reason for what I did at the bath.
Simply put, Lord Dong Hua and I had a heavenly trial of love to overcome
but you were in the way.
That's good then...
Why have you returned?
You're done with your heavenly trial?
It wasn't supposed to end so soon.
Lord Dong Hua was my father in the Mortal Realm
and he was so enraged by me that he died.
I had to die for my sins in the Mortal Realm.
I've returned without finishing my 60-year heavenly trial.
You were also affected by that?
I'm really sorry.
Not at all. It's quite a blessing in disguise.
It's because of you and Lord Dong Hua
that I was able to return earlier to Deity Duty.
I should thank the little princess instead.
Don't bother.
If there's nothing else, I should get going.
Oh no...
I forgot to ask her to greet my mentor for me.
You returned after sensing the divine energy?
Yes, Senior! We spotted the divine energy!
Good!
Good! Are you all well?
- Yes! Yes, we're all well. - We're all well.
Where is Zi Lan?
When the Ghost Lord said that he saw Si Yin
he left the mountain.
Speaking of which, it has already been days.
I wonder where he is right now.
Back in the day
he used to quibble the most with Seventeenth.
Certainly, he would miss Seventeenth the most.
- Exactly... - Exactly.
70,000 years ago
Master sacrificed his spirit to seal up the Bell of the East Emperor.
Ling Yu was killed at Ruoshui Riverbank.
Then Seventeenth disappeared with Master's body.
Now that the divine energy in Kunlun Mountain has soared
and the bells are chiming
all the disciples have rushed back to Kunlun Mountain.
Although we don't know when Master will return
he is a man of his word.
I believe that he will surely restore Kunlun Mountain to glory!
Master, your disciples have returned!
Master! Your disciples have returned!
When Riceball got drunk yesterday
Nai Nai said that the little prince inherited
his father's poor capacity for wine.
One, two, three, four, five. Five urns of wine?
He's not that bad at drinking.
You're here for the Soul-gathering Lamp?
Come with me.
The lamp is here.
Put this at Die Yong's bedside for three days.
Mo Yuan's soul will gather there.
You must remember that throughout those three days
the light must not go out.
You can't use your powers to protect it either.
You have to keep it lit by yourself.
I know. I'll be very cautious.
I worry for nothing.
You'll certainly take good care of Mo Yuan dutifully.
Don't die...
There's an aura of mortals on this lamp.
This is...
I've used this lamp once.
I remember that Nai Nai told me
you once tried to use this Soul-gathering Lamp
to put together the body of Riceball's mother.
I'll take this lamp then.
I know that this lamp is a sacred artifact of the Celestial Tribe.
Is it inappropriate for you to give it to me so easily?
Before I came to borrow this lamp
I thought that borrowing this lamp would make up for
whatever Qing Qiu and the Celestial Tribe owe one another.
But now that you've given it to me so easily...
You've helped me so much.
I should repay your kindness.
What is it you need?
Tell me. I'll do my best to help you.
There's nothing I want.
There really isn't anything you want?
Then... I'll head back now.
All I ever wanted...
All I want has always been just you.
You want... me?
Forget that I ever said it then.
I should head back now.
Ye Hua...
You...
You...
What I think in the day is reflected at night in my thoughts?
Do I already think of Ye Hua... in such a lustful way?
Where... Where are my clothes?
I find them troublesome, so I took our clothes off with magic.
You... You...
You want to be with me?
I want to be with you.
This might be the last time I can have you all to myself.
Even if you might only have Mo Yuan on your mind.
You're not asleep yet?
I've often heard of your valiance from my fourth brother.
He said that any battle you are engaged in
no one has been able to defeat you.
How did you almost get your spirit vanquished
in that war with the Mermaid Clan?
If I hadn't purposely let them win, how could a mere mermaid hurt me?
Why would you do that?
All my life, I've never envied anyone.
Apart from my Uncle Sang Ji.
Have you heard that he eloped with Shao Xing?
He and Shao Xing?
Have you forgotten?
I was involved in that.
My uncle sought love and found it.
It might have been a tough journey, but it ended well.
The Heavenly Lord might dote on him but he never made him the Crown Prince.
Without such a title, it was easy for him to get away.
What about you?
Me?
Although I'm the Crown Prince
it's fortunate that the woman I love is Qing Qiu's High God Bai Qian.
Qian Qian...
Yes?
If one day, someone took your eyes...
Would you forgive him?
Who would dare take my eyes?
What if that man is me?
You?
If you really take my eyes, it'll be over between us.
You must remember to keep that Soul-gathering Lamp lit for three days.
You can't be even one hour short.
You can't use magical powers.
You have to watch it yourself.
I know.
I will be careful. Don't worry.
Sleep well.
When I'm gone, you mustn't leave these bamboo woods.
All right.
If you're lonely, call my name in the mirror.
But you must remember not to leave this place.
All right.
Why does this mortal look so much like me?
Ye Hua! Ye Hua!
Ye Hua! Ye Hua...
Ye Hua!
Didn't your husband tell you not to leave the woods?
Ye Hua!
What's wrong with me recently?
I've been having such weird dreams.
Isn't this my room?
Did Ye Hua bring me back here?
Since Ye Hua and I share a mutual affection
the engagement can't be called off now.
- Emissary. - Emissary.
Is the Crown Prince awake?
Emissary, His Highness has returned to the Celestial Palace.
He's really busy.
Did he say when he will return?
He didn't say.
Aunt, Feng Jiu has returned.
My Xiao Jiu has finally returned?
How did it go?
Did you manage to repay Lord Dong Hua's kindness?
I did do my part but I don't know if I've repaid it all.
It seems that my little lass is really hurt this time.
Where are you hurt?
Is it here?
Auntie...
You do know it all.
All right, hush now...
The divine fungal grass shouldn't exist in the world anymore.
I'm willing to go and destroy it.
Ye Hua, even if the grass isn't destroyed no one can get it easily.
Why bother wasting your effort on such a matter?
The longer some things are left in this world
the more possible it is that they can cause damage.
You have a point.
Ye Hua, my stamina is failing.
I'm prepared to pass the throne over to you
but I have yet to find a good time to do it.
If you can defeat the four mystical beasts...
Sure, I'll send you to destroy the divine fungal grass to prevent further trouble.
Thank you, Heavenly Lord.
Take 30,000 celestial soldiers with you.
I intend to go alone.
You wish to go alone?
Yes.
I wish to carry out the task quietly.
It will only cause trouble should this be made known to others.
After all, the divine fungal grass is a malicious magical plant.
Many others might secretly covet it.
What about the four mystical beasts?
Can you tackle them?
I am to be the next Heavenly Lord.
If I can't even tackle four mystical beasts
how can I win over all the immortals of the realms?
I need only three days to accomplish this task.
All right, three days it is.
I'll await your victorious return.
Yes.
Emissary?
Si Yin?
She's a woman. How could she be Seventeenth?
Could she be Xuan Nu?
Speak up!
What are you doing in the West Sea?
Senior...
I am Seventeenth.
You really are Seventeenth?
You're Seventeenth?
I was too naughty then and I took Master's body with me.
I was too ashamed to see all of my seniors.
Seventeenth, you've kept us searching.
70,000 years and I've finally found you.
Senior...
Why would you disguise yourself as a woman?
The maids said that Zhe Yan's emissary is staying here.
Could that be you?
You've been in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods for the past 70,000 years?
I've always been a girl.
I only disguised myself as a man to train in Kunlun Mountain.
What?
I'm Qing Qiu Fox King Bai Zhi's youngest daughter, Bai Qian.
I've deceived my seniors and Master.
This is all my fault.
- You really are a woman? - Yes.
You... you deceived us for so long.
Qing Qiu's Bai Qian...
Qing Qiu's Bai Qian...
No wonder hundreds of years ago
when Qing Cang was said to break out of the bell once again
it was Qing Qiu's Bai Qian who sealed him up.
She brought peace to the realms once more.
Only a disciple of Kunlun Mountain could have done that.
Good! Well done!
Seventeenth, answer me.
Where is Master's body?
Do you know that the divine energy has soared in Kunlun Mountain?
It's a sign that Master will soon return.
There are signs in Kunlun Mountain already?
You already knew that Master is returning?
I did.
Ye Hua said that as long as I stay up
to safeguard the Soul-gathering Lamp for three days
Master will be able to wake up.
Is Master's spirit really inside the body of my brother?
I've used spirit-tracking magic to verify it.
It's absolutely true.
It's no wonder that my brother has been ill for 600 years without a reason.
He's actually been hosting Master's spirit.
What happens after Master's spirit fragments are all gathered?
Zhe Yan said that he knows what to do next.
Auntie, I've borrowed their kitchen to make you a few dishes.
Come and try them now.
Our Xiao Jiu is the best, especially her culinary skills.
That month when you were away, I missed you terribly.
My parents always said that leaving me behind in Qing Qiu
caused Auntie great trouble.
It seems that I'm the one who is having a hard time looking after my aunt.
Yes, this is the right flavor.
I heard from Mi Gu that while I was away
it was the Crown Prince who cooked for you?
Yes, he's had a hard time.
Auntie, are you blushing?
How rude!
Are you teasing me?
Auntie, you're in love.
Let me pour you some wine.
Congratulations to the iron tree that finally blossomed and found true love.
Her true love is actually her future husband.
How perfect.
Thank you for the well wishes but I can't have the wine.
Why not?
Don't you always drink whether you're happy or not?
Moreover, haven't you already located High God Mo Yuan's spirit?
You should have the wine.
I have to stay awake for three days to keep an eye on this Soul-gathering Lamp
so I can't drink any wine.
I brought this Soul-gathering Lamp for High God Mo Yuan in the first place.
Who knew that after all this time it would still came in handy?
How did you get it?
Ye Hua brought it here to me.
The Crown Prince gave it to you?
Exactly.
Since the Crown Prince is willing to give this lamp away
he must have moved on from Su Su.
He should... treat my aunt well.
What is it, Xiao Jiu?
I'm just wondering if this Soul-gathering Lamp is that powerful.
Don't underestimate this lamp.
Look. Am I not using it to repair my mentor's spirit now?
You're right.
At this time of the year osmanthus blooms in the palace.
A-Li always gets a rash from the pollen.
Be sure to boil water with okra and use that water to wipe his body.
That will relieve the symptoms.
The Crown Prince reminds me to do that every year.
Nai Nai won't forget it.
You may be dismissed.
Your Highness, the four mystical beasts are quite spiritually trained.
Why don't you ask the Heavenly Lord to deploy the celestial guards?
I don't wish to alert too many people.
My Lord, please allow me to go to Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea with you.
Although I'm not as powerful
I can still hold the beasts off in an emergency.
With your level of cultivation, you wouldn't be much help to me.
I must get the divine fungal grass.
Should I fail to return in three days
you must not allow anyone near Yingzhou again.
Especially Qing Qiu's High God Bai Qian.
Do you understand?
- Yes. - Yes.
