I've always hoped that you could forget what happened 300 years ago.
Now that you've fallen for this high god...
It made me worried instead.
Ye Hua, tell me.
Have you really fallen for Qing Qiu's Bai Qian
or do you see her as that mortal?
Mother, you worry too much.
My wife is Qing Qiu's Bai Qian as bestowed by Heavenly Lord.
I never saw her as anyone else.
That's good.
Reasonably, as his side consort, you should greet this high god.
I've been to visit her today
but unfortunately, she's away in the Heaven's Spring
of the Realm of Supreme Purity.
I'll visit her again tomorrow morning.
All right.
- High God. - High God.
Don't the both of you always serve by his side?
Why are you outside the hall today?
Crown Prince is in the hall with Consort Le Xu.
Consort Le Xu? Ye Hua's mother?
Exactly. What brings High God here to see His Highness?
It's nothing important. I'm just here to visit A-Li.
Should I inform them?
Don't bother. I'll swing by later.
Mother, you're always teasing me.
You've been married into Xiwu Palace for 300 years
but still there's no news of your pregnancy.
Shouldn't I ask about it?
Consort, I don't have a say in that.
High God Bai Zhen.
Don't stand on ceremony.
Is Zhe Yan in there?
High God arrived last night and has stayed by my brother's side since then.
He's never once panicked.
I kept thinking that there's something amiss about your brother's illness
but I can't put a finger on it.
High God Bai Zhen is right.
Be it my brother's illness, or High God Zhe Yan's reactions
it all seems strange.
Enough said. Show me in.
High God, this way, please.
High God.
You haven't had any rest since you arrived here last night.
Would you like a room to get some rest?
Don't bother.
I have a way to save him.
I'll be away for a few hours.
I'll come back with an emissary to nurse your brother's health.
- Thank you, High God! - Thank you, High God!
Thank you, High God!
My son has been ill for 600 some years.
He can finally be cured now!
Could you both step out for a moment?
- Yes. - Yes.
I thought of your expression and voice when you left two days ago.
Something seemed amiss.
Now that you dismissed them, is there something important to tell me?
Speak up!
Zhen, you might be right.
Heavenly Father's legal son
and the only God of War in all realms, Mo Yuan
he's so weak that he relies on the wisp of
someone else's celestial aura to survive.
Mo Yuan?
He's Mo Yuan?
It's him, but not him.
Mo Yuan is here.
He's been here in West Sea for 600 years.
Do you know that Kunlun Mountain has been deserted for 70,000 years
and your 16 disciples are wandering around all four seas in search of you?
Do you know that your Seventeenth fed you a bowl of blood from her heart
for 70,000 years every day just to keep your body intact?
Mo Yuan, you've finally returned!
Master?
Is it you, Master?
What is happening?
Ninth Senior!
Wait for me...
Master...
Master...
I haven't dreamed of the battle by Ruoshui Riverbank for some time.
What is the matter with me?
I still can't believe it.
Mo Yuan has really returned?
Zhen, stay here.
I'll bring Qian Qian here.
You're telling Qian Qian about this?
This is her mentor.
The man she fed blood from her heart for 70,000 years.
The man she's been waiting for for 70,000 years.
I definitely have to let her know right away and bring her here.
No, you can't do that yet.
You mean... Ye Hua?
Yes, I'm worried what Ye Hua might think.
You have to remember that he's the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
If he learns that his fiancee has treated another man in such a way
it still seems inappropriate even if he is her mentor.
Ye Hua already knew about Mo Yuan.
Back in the battle at Grand Ziming Palace
he rescued Qian Qian and Mo Yuan.
Have you forgotten?
This is different!
Even if he saw Mo Yuan's body then
he must have sensed that his soul and spirit were gone.
However, Mo Yuan's spirit is now here.
Some day, he will return to Kunlun Mountain
and restore the Celestial Tribe to glory.
This will then be different.
Mo Yuan would then be a true living being to him.
You do have a point.
It seems that before I inform Qian Qian
I should visit the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe first.
Your Highness.
Why do you look so poorly today?
I'm fine. What is it?
High God Zhe Yan is here.
Zhe Yan?
High God Zhe Yan.
Crown Prince.
What brings High God here today?
Mo Yuan will soon be awake.
Is that so?
Is there nothing you wish to say?
No.
It's just that... I don't know when he will wake up.
He's now using the Crown Prince of West Sea's body
to recover his spirit slowly.
Judging by his current condition
it might take another 7,000 or 8,000 years to return to his immortal body.
When I visited Mo Yuan's spirit last night
I suddenly recalled the year Qian Qian was taken in as his disciple.
It was her first trip to Kunlun Mountain.
I took her there.
She heard that Mo Yuan was the God of War and was thrilled.
She imagined Mo Yuan as a majestic high god with three heads and six arms.
Even after having him as her mentor
she still couldn't believe that Mo Yuan looked nothing like that.
You really didn't lie to me?
He really is the one and only God of War in all realms, Mo Yuan?
What now?
You already took his Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun and became his disciple.
Have you regretted it?
But he doesn't look like a God of War.
How do I not look like a God of War?
Master, your facial features are so delicate.
You're just like one of those pretty boys in those plays
who would meet up with mortal ladies secretly at the back of gardens.
How could you wield Sword of the Yellow Emperor?
Did you call me a pretty boy?
Yes.
Mo Yuan, I've sent you a great disciple.
You are in for some fun.
It was just nostalgia.
Crown Prince, don't mind me.
It's fine.
Ye Hua, have you ever doubted that you could be Mo Yuan?
No.
But I did mistake you for him.
Even up until last night I was still confused.
I have to find Qian Qian now!
High God, please halt.
Is there a way to revive High God Mo Yuan sooner?
You'd actually want Mo Yuan to wake up sooner?
This has been Qian Qian's wish for the past 70,000 years.
The sooner he wakes up, the fewer days Qian Qian has to wait.
All right, I'll be honest with you.
In order to revive him I need the Soul-gathering Lamp.
Soul-gathering Lamp?
High God, you're awake?
Wash your face first and I'll make you breakfast.
Don't bother.
I'm going to have breakfast with Riceball in Zichen Hall.
Do you think he'd like that?
Certainly! Little Prince really likes High God.
He will be so happy!
I'll take you there now.
Forget it.
I'll go to the Realm of Supreme Purity instead.
Why isn't High God visiting the little prince?
He is after all not my child.
If I'm not attentive enough, tongues will wag again.
I should avoid seeing him.
I've been helping Consort Le Xu look after the little prince
in Zichen Hall yesterday and finally get to leave this morning.
I rushed off especially to greet Sister Qian Qian.
Since you're in such a hurry to greet me
why didn't you do so when we first met?
You had to wait until now?
Celestial Palace is unlike any other place.
If it's a formal greeting, it has to conform to the rites.
Only then would it demonstrate the sincerity of the worshiper.
According to regulations of Celestial Palace
I should have come to greet you when you first arrived.
It's just that Crown Prince never told me about you.
Yesterday when we first met, I didn't recognize who you were.
Sister Qian Qian must find me impolite.
I apologize for greeting you so late.
This is my first visit to Celestial Palace
so I know nothing of such regulations.
What you just said was quite interesting.
You may now greet me accordingly.
That was it?
Your greeting seemed too informal.
What is this for?
I greeted you as a side consort would to the legal consort.
This is now a greeting to a benefactor.
I thank Sister Qian Qian for looking after A-Li these months.
I'm very grateful.
A-Li lost his mother at a young age.
It's because of your appearance that he mistook you for his mother.
I hope that Sister Qian Qian won't take it to heart if he offended you.
I won't take it to heart.
I do like him very much.
Crown Prince was very devoted to A-Li's mother.
When she jumped off from Zhuxian Terrace
Crown Prince jumped in after her.
After High God Zhe Yan rescued him
he stayed in a coma in Zichen Hall for 60 years.
Sister Qian Qian, look.
The peach blossoms in the Hall of Beautiful Youth
were planted by Crown Prince in memory of A-Li's mother.
His Highness hasn't been happy for 200 years now.
Sister Qian Qian, since you resemble A-Li's mother
I do think that it's fate.
I greeted you so formally in hope that you could marry the Crown Prince sooner
and bring some comfort to his half dead heart.
This side consort is quick-witted.
She means to say that I, Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
won the affection of Ye Hua because I resemble A-Li's mother.
Fortunately, I've read quite a few plays when roaming in Mortal Realm.
I could figure out her underlying sarcasms.
Since you've confided so much in me
I should reciprocate.
Sister, do tell.
Su Jin...
What you seek isn't what everyone wants.
It's best not to be too smart as a deity.
I don't understand what you said...
You don't?
If so, you should be grounded for a few days to reflect on yourself.
Then you'll figure it out.
Yes.
There's no rush in getting up yet.
I have to remind you about a few matters.
I've always been greeted by all gods and deities of all realms
according to the rites of Qing Qiu.
When it comes to a formal greeting
one must bathe and get changed three days in advance.
Refrain from eating meat, and burn incense.
Then three days later, you may then kneel three times to kowtow nine times to me.
It might be a bit troublesome
but even if your husband Ye Hua greets me so
I am worthy of such a greeting as well.
It's just that I don't fancy having minor deities greet me so.
I find it too troublesome.
A salute is just fine as long as one means it.
Next time, if you say that you wish to greet me formally
abide by Qing Qiu's rites and not that of Celestial Palace.
I've overlooked the formalities.
Furthermore, my mother never gave me any younger sisters.
It makes me uneasy to hear you address me as Sister at your young age.
Address me as High God according to the rules.
High God.
You're dismissed.
Yes.
I never thought that Ye Hua was such a hopeless romantic.
He must have loved Riceball's mother deeply.
If I guessed it right
Riceball's mother must have been forced by Su Jin to jump off Zhuxian Terrace?
Judging by Ye Hua's temper, why didn't he split her in half?
High God, you got it right.
He did it once.
What did you say?
When Crown Prince came out of his coma
he was frail and in great despair.
He acted as if he were a corpse and locked himself up in the palace.
He didn't even care about the little prince.
However, two months after he woke up
Heavenly God sent Lady Su Jin into Xiwu Palace.
That day, Crown Prince drove a sword right into her chest.
Heavenly Lord arrived in time to save her.
She has been protected by Heavenly Lord and moved into Xiwu Palace successfully.
Crown Prince only saw her as the container of my mistress's eyeballs.
Eyeballs?
She stole those pair of eyes from my poor mistress!
Consort Le Xu said that Crown Prince kept his affection concealed
in hope of making others in Nine Heavens think that
he cared little for my mistress, so as to keep her safe.
He fooled those deities, but he also disappointed my mistress.
She thought that he no longer loved her.
Heavenly Lord never fell for it.
He had her killed in the end.
I've spoken out of turn.
Zhe Yan.
Did that side consort only greet so formally because she saw you?
I haven't seen you act up in years.
I have learned much today from eavesdropping.
Your fourth brother always blamed me for sending you to Kunlun Mountain.
You were supposed to learn celestial skills, not lose your wits.
You're no longer lively and naive as you were when he mentored you.
I'm already 140,000 years old.
How am I to be lively and naive?
I really don't like Ye Hua's side consort.
I've always preferred witty deities
but when they cross the line and act as if they are smart
I don't like them as much.
You can't possibly have come just to eavesdrop on me?
I'll head over to the Realm of Supreme Purity first to wait for you.
Zhe Yan, you had that expression 300 years ago
when you told me that my mentor might be waking up.
I ended up rejoicing over nothing.
And now...
Will you not be excited if I tell you that Mo Yuan will soon return?
You...
You're really not lying to me?
Lass, definitely not.
Some time ago, Zhen and I went to West Sea for a matter.
We ran into Crown Prince of West Sea there.
I thought that his celestial aura was quite unsual.
So I used my powers to investigate a bit.
That was when I realized that there are two spirits in him.
He's the one who is awake, but the one that's asleep
What about the other one?
The other spirit is that of your mentor, Mo Yuan.
How would you know?
You learned that magic from me at a young age.
Someone else is asleep in the prince's body.
I followed the traces and found fragments of broken spirit in him.
Who else in all the realms could patch up
pieces of spirit with just a bit of magic?
Only Mo Yuan could do so.
Moreover, he's the son of Heavenly Father.
I was raised by Heavenly Father, and we grew up together.
How could I not recognize his celestial aura?
You told me that before Mo Yuan's spirit vanished
he told all his disciples to await his return.
I thought that he was just offering you some comfort.
I was truly impressed when I saw him last night.
Mo Yuan never disappoints.
That is one true man.
Master...
It took him 70,000 years to recover to this state
and still, his powers are scattered.
He's in need of someone else's immortal powers to recuperate.
Hence, Mo Yuan is now sleeping in
Crown Prince of West Sea's body to recuperate.
I wonder if that prince can cope with my mentor in his body?
The Crown Prince of West Sea is just about mediocre.
His immortal powers are used to nurse himself and also Mo Yuan.
As days go by, his body weakens.
It will probably take another 7,000 or 8,000 years for Mo Yuan to wake up.
It's just that...
Why would Master choose this prince?
Mo Yuan surely has his reason for choosing the Crown Prince of West Sea.
He owed Mo Yuan a favor when he was still young.
Let's just say that he's repaying his kindness.
Moreover, the second prince of West Sea is your Senior.
We'll regard it as repaying his brother's mentor.
Lass, why are you crying?
This matter has been on my mind for 70,000 years.
I'm afraid that I might be let down again.
You were so eager to just catch a cloud and fleet off to West Sea.
Why are you stalling for time?
After hearing what you said
I really can't stay put in Nine Heavens.
Even if my mentor isn't awake yet, I have to visit him.
Are you afraid that you can't answer to your fiance if you leave now?
I owe him a favor for recuperating here in the Realm of Supreme Purity.
If I leave without a word, I'd seem rude.
But if I bid him farewell...
Forget it.
Ye Hua... Thank you for your hospitality these days.
Qian Qian, are you really going to leave me?
High God left this letter behind.
Did she leave any other message?
Not a word more.
It seemed as if something urgent came up at home.
Her eyes were red and swollen.
She didn't even get to visit Little Prince before she left.
You're dismissed.
Didn't she only come here a while ago?
Why has she suddenly left?
She has to handle a matter back in Qing Qiu.
Are you feeling all right?
I've been waiting here to ask you for a favor.
What favor could you ask of me?
It's your cousin.
Princess Zhi Yue is now kicking up a fuss in Heavenly Lord's palace.
She's crying and asking to take on the heavenly trial with Lord Donghua.
Only you, the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe can stop her.
I already broke so many things!
Shouldn't you punish me to a heavenly trial?
This is said to be valuable.
If I break it, would you punish me?
Princess! You mustn't break that!
If you do, you'll really get into trouble!
Let her break it.
Crown Prince. Third Prince.
Cousin.
You wish to see Lord Dong Hua so badly?
I haven't seen him for over a month.
I wish to see him.
I also wish to endure the heavenly trial with him!
Why does that Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu get to do so and I can't?
I'm also a princess and Crown Prince Ye Hua's cousin!
Would you risk everything to see him?
Yes, everything!
Break it then.
Once you break it
I'll send you to the Mortal Realm for 20 years.
Really?
Yes.
Didn't I ask you here to talk this lass out of it?
Why did you tell her to break it?
She knows she can't get what she seeks
and yet she's willing to risk everything to do so.
How many others are like her?
Why shouldn't I fulfill her wish?
What's wrong with everyone today?
They are all acting weirdly.
Uncle Lian Song!
I'm really going to endure heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm!
My dear lass, quit stalling.
Head off to meet your Lord Dong Hua whom you can't have.
Sure!
Little Princess, we can't hold this matter off much longer.
It's already been two years now.
Lord Dong Hua cherishes you more than ever.
You're the only one on his mind.
In a few days, you must come up with a plan to break his heart
so that he can pull through his heavenly trial of love
and you can then head back to Celestial Palace.
Pure Consort.
Crown Prince.
Why does Your Highness look so glum?
Crown Prince doesn't seem to be much happier either.
Ever since my mentor left, I've miss her preachings.
I just took this fan out.
I miss her all the more as I look at this fan.
Your mentor?
You're referring to that female taoist?
Aunt Qian Qian did get herself a good disciple.
He misses her even now.
May I take a look at that fan?
Sure.
Do you know what this fan is called?
Master left this behind when she left, but she didn't say a word about it.
Your mentor once had a chat in the palace with me.
She told me about the fan.
It's called Cloud Clearing Fan.
Cloud Clearing Fan?
When Shao Xing was still a maid in Qing Qiu's Fox Den
Aunt Qian Qian gave it to her for self-defense.
Although she's no longer her maid
Aunt Qian Qian still gave this fan to Shao Xing's son.
She must have already forgiven her.
Aunt Qian Qian has a sharp tongue, but a kind heart.
This is a magical artifact.
Please keep it safe, Crown Prince.
A magical artifact?
What are you doing?
The fan...
The fan... I...
Crown Prince lost his grip on the fan.
Lost his grip on the fan?
How big is a fan?
He can't even hold it?
Why would you be on top of her?
This... This is a magical fan.
I fanned it lightly and it suddenly expanded.
It gave me a fright, so I flung it out.
Yes! Crown Prince panicked and I reached out to pull him back.
Then we both tripped over this stool.
Shut up!
Keep an eye on them!
I'm going to inform His Majesty!
Shut up!
Your Majesty, I'm telling the truth.
When I went past Imperial Garden with the other concubines
I really saw Pure Consort Chen in Crown Prince's arms.
They even lied and said that the fan is magical
so it expanded when fanned lightly.
They even claimed that Crown Prince lost his footing
so he flung the fan out and Pure Consort pulled him back.
They then tripped over a stool.
Your Majesty, the fan is right before you now.
What is so special about it?
I'll tell you one last time.
Should I hear such words from anyone in the harem again
it will be death penalty.
Including you.
If Consort Chen hadn't taken that lethal arrow for me
I would be dead already.
Her affection for me is so much more than that of vying concubines.
Where did you lock her up?
She's in the Imperial Dungeon.
How dare you!
Father!
You have to believe me!
I've been wronged, Father!
I've been wronged.
I've been wronged, Father!
Father...
As long as you claim to have an adultery with Crown Prince
it will surely be a huge blow to Lord Dong Hua.
One is his only trusted son for years, and the other is his beloved concubine.
Fantastic.
It's even better than those written playscripts.
If you do so, my aunt would have come here for nothing.
It's still the adultery between his son and concubine that sow a discord.
However hard we try we can't get past our predestined fate.
Forget about Yuan Zhen's predicament.
What matters is to fulfill Lord Dong Hua's wish
to overcome his heavenly trial of love.
Greetings to Your Majesty.
Father...
Father...
I'm innocent!
I've been wronged!
- Father... - Unlock the door.
Yes.
Little Princess, stay firm.
If not, Lord Dong Hua will blame us when we get back to Nine Heavens.
Jiu'er, I'll take you home now.
Tell him that you had an affair with Yuan Zhen. Quickly!
