Your Highness, Her Highness would like to see you!
Her Highness says she has a way to save Su Su!
Your Highness, please go see Her Highness.
She'll definitely tell you the way.
Your Highness, please go see Her Highness.
Do you know it's a crime to deceive an heir to the throne?
Your Highness, I wouldn't dare. I wouldn't dare.
I wouldn't dare to deceive Your Highness.
Please go see Her Highness.
She'll definitely tell you the way.
That's what Her Highness told me.
I wouldn't dare to deceive Your Highness.
Please go see Her Highness.
Ye Hua, we should be celebrating our marriage today.
It's the day I've been longing for for thousands of years.
I know you're waiting for me to tell you the way.
Ye Hua, we've known each other since childhood.
You know how much I hate her.
But I still have to help you save her.
Even though I've been an orphan since I was young
everything has been going smoothly for me for 70,000 years
except for my desire to marry you which never went my way.
I won't be resigned to this.
I won't.
What do you want?
I want to live in Xiwu Palace.
I won't lie to you.
No one can lie to an heir of the Nine Heavens.
You just have to use the Soul-gathering Lamp.
If it's using the Soul-gathering Lamp, I can just ask Dong Hua Dijun.
No. He only knows how to bring immortal souls together with it.
He doesn't know how the lamp can create a mortal body.
Only I know.
Keep going.
So you're agreeing to my deal?
Even if you live in Xiwu Palace, I won't marry you.
It's okay.
It's okay.
I just want to be able to see you often.
Just like when we were kids.
Okay. Tell me.
I'll agree to your deal.
Thank you, Your Highness.
Your Highness, if you take things that once had a mortal's breath in it
and burn it with the Soul-gathering Lamp
so that the lamp can identify the mortal's breath
it will slowly absorb
what's left of that mortal's breath within a thousand li's circumference.
When that mortal's breath within a thousand li is fully absorbed
it will create a copy of the mortal who died.
Ye Hua! Don't you want to see her?
Even so, she'd be a fake!
Ye Hua! Ye Hua!
Your Highness.
His Highness has asked that I take you to Xiwu Palace.
He also said that no matter what the imperial decree is
there will only be one consort of Xiwu Palace. Consort Su Su.
After Consort Su Jin arrives at Xiwu Palace
she must not go anywhere near Hall of Beautiful Youth.
Without His Highness's permission
you must not go anywhere near Imperial great-grandson.
Yes.
As long as His Highness will let me in Xiwu Palace
I will comply with his wish.
Go prepare a carriage.
Yes.
Your Highness.
Your Highness.
Father, I've caught you.
When I was born 300 years ago
everyone in the Nine Heavens called me Imperial great-grandson.
My father is the eldest Imperial grandson
and the crown prince of the Celestial Tribe, Ye Hua.
My mother's name is Su Su. She's a beautiful woman and a mortal.
For the past 300 years
Father brings me to Mount Junji of the Far East
in the mortal world every year to live there for a few months.
He says that's where Mother made him give her his heart.
Father also said that Mother will come back eventually.
Father said tomorrow is the anniversary of when you met.
We will treat it as your birthday.
Although I think it's perfunctory to do that
it's better than not knowing when to celebrate your birthday.
Mother, I am going to Mount Junji in the Far East tomorrow to pick peaches.
It'll be too late to wish you a happy birthday before your portrait.
So I will wish you a happy birthday here right now.
I've been burning the Soul-gathering Lamp for 300 years.
Su Su, where are you?
Mother, A-Li is here again to live in the place where you married Father.
Father, can I live here for a few days?
Father.
Father, play with me.
Okay.
Little Princess, drink a glass of water.
Little Princess.
Mi Gu, is there anything Aunt wants?
I want to give it to her for her birthday.
I don't know either, Little Princess.
Yeah. There's nothing Aunt is lacking.
And she doesn't have any unfulfilled wishes.
Unfulfilled wishes?
She does have one.
What? Tell me.
Little Princess
did you forget about the guy in Yanhua Cave that we can't talk about?
That's right! How could I have forgotten him?
From when I was born, Aunt has always wanted Mo Yuan to wake up.
But it's something that even Grandfather, Grandmother, and Zhe Yan can't do.
How could I do it?
I heard a rumor lately.
Maybe it'll help you do it.
What is it?
To save the crown prince 300 years ago
Consort Su Jin brought back a treasure from the Sea of Innocence.
It's called the Soul-gathering Lamp.
I heard it can gather immortal souls and create mortal bodies.
His Highness almost couldn't wake up but was able to because of it.
Really?
I'll go borrow it.
Little Princess
I'm afraid the Celestial Tribe won't lend us such a treasure.
Then I'll just go get it myself in secret.
Besides, the crown prince is engaged to Aunt.
After he finds out I took it, he probably wouldn't say anything it.
Furthermore, I'm saving Celestial Tribe's God of War.
They should lend it to us.
That's true.
I'll use this awful woman's appearance.
Consort Su Jin.
Where is His Highness?
His Highness?
Every year around this time, His Highness goes
to live in Mount Junji of the Far East to live for a few months.
Did Your Highness forget?
I really did forget.
What is Your Highness trying to do?
I'm going inside to take a look.
What? Even though I'm his consort, I can't go inside Zichen Hall?
You can. It's just that...
It's just what?
Are you going to stop me from going inside?
I wouldn't dare.
- Your Highness. - What is it?
Consort Su Jin suddenly barged into Zichen Hall.
I didn't dare to stop her.
Then I remembered that the Soul-gathering Lamp was inside...
What?
Ye Hua.
Where is the Soul-gathering Lamp?
Soul-gathering lamp?
Isn't the Soul-gathering Lamp in Zichen Hall?
Where is it?
Ye Hua, what's wrong with you?
Don't forget that you were only able to live in Xiwu Palace because of the lamp.
Ye Hua, you must be mistaken about something.
I gave you the lamp 300 years ago.
I haven't touched it since then.
I wouldn't dare. I really wouldn't dare touch it.
I know how much you care about that lamp.
Your Highness, please don't be angry.
You better not be lying to me.
Your Highness, are you okay?
What's with His Highness?
I've never seen him so angry before.
It's because of that mortal.
It's been 300 years.
She's been dead for 300 years!
Because of that lamp... she's still in my way.
Hey.
Third Prince...
Why are you all so panicky? Is the world falling into chaos?
Does Your Highness not know?
The Soul-gathering Lamp in Zichen Palace has gone missing.
We don't know who took on Consort Su Jin's appearance to steal the lamp.
Crown Prince is extremely angry.
He's investigating every maid in the palace.
The Soul-gathering Lamp is missing?
That's Ye Hua's life.
Ye Hua.
I know the Soul-gathering Lamp is missing.
But look.
It's been 300 years.
If that lamp could create a Su Su, it would have already.
because of woman who's been dead for 300 years?
Don't say any more, Third Uncle.
Su Su is telling me in this darkness that she still won't forgive me.
She won't even let me create a fake version of her.
How do we use this lamp?
I heard that you have to keep it burning for a few days
and watch after it yourself.
You can't use your magic powers.
Then wouldn't we get caught?
Aunt comes to see him twice a day without fail.
What do we do if she finds out?
I don't know.
What are you guys doing?
- Aunt. - Aunt.
What are you guys up to?
I wanted to help you restore Mo Yuan's soul.
What is it?
Soul-gathering Lamp.
Soul-gathering Lamp?
That's the Celestial Tribe's sacred item. How did you get it?
I borrowed it.
Tell me the truth.
I took on Consort Su Jin's appearance and stole it from Zichen Palace.
Stole it?
Who gave you the courage to do such a thing?
Aunt, I heard that the Celestial Palace had a lamp
that saved the crown prince when he was unconscious.
So I brought it here so you could save Mo Yuan.
Get on your knees.
Aunt.
How have I been teaching you?
You're from the Qing Qiu royal family. How could you do such a thing?
If your father finds out, how could I explain this to him?
Aunt, I was wrong.
What should you do since you're wrong?
I'll offer a humble apology.
I'll take responsibility for my wrongdoing.
Go.
Huh?
You're scared?
I'm not scared.
It's just that it wasn't easy for me to get the lamp.
Aunt, you really don't want to give it a try?
There's no point in trying.
I've heard about this lamp before.
But to use it, you must have a part of the soul
for it to bring the remaining parts together.
For the past 70,000 years, although Master's body is here
I don't know where his soul is.
So this lamp is useless.
You really don't want to give it a try?
Return it.
Okay.
Little Princess, why are you here?
I took on Consort Su Jin's appearance and stole the Soul-gathering Lamp.
You took on Consort Su Jin's appearance and stole the soul-gathering lamp?
Yes.
You've stirred up trouble. Big trouble.
I just stole it for a few days. It's not that big a deal.
Do you know why this Soul-gathering Lamp
has been burning for 300 years without going out?
Crown Prince was using this lamp to create Consort Su Su's body.
What? Su Su's body?
Even now, he hasn't given up on his mortal wife?
Crown Prince has been guarding the this lamp's flame day and night for 300 years.
No one even dares to go near Zichen Palace.
How could you dare to go inside and steal the lamp?
Is the flame still burning?
It's out.
You're done for.
Dijun is in seclusion, so he can't help you.
I'll see if there's any other way for you to get through this.
Little Princess, just wait here.
Third Prince and I will go inside to persuade him.
Hopefully His Highness will be magnanimous and let bygones be bygones.
Thank you, Third Prince.
Don't be so quick to thank me.
You don't know how important this Soul-gathering Lamp is to Ye Hua.
Let's see what happens after Si Ming and I go inside.
It's out.
It's out?
Who was it?
Qing Qiu's Little Princess, Bai Feng Jiu.
Bai Feng Jiu.
She didn't know you were using this Soul-gathering Lamp to make Su Su's body.
She just thought it was interesting so she took it to play with it.
Interesting?
Ye Hua, let's not make Qing Qiu look bad.
Let's not dwell on this.
Besides, her aunt will be your princess consort.
If you pick a fight with Qing Qiu because of a dead mortal woman
it will cause chaos.
We won't be able to justify it no matter what our reasons.
What if I insist on making this a big deal?
Then I can only ask Dong Hua Dijun to come ask you for a favor.
I'll be direct.
Dijun is going to the mortal realm today to go through a trial.
The trial is to return the little princess a favor.
So on account of Dong Hua Dijun, I ask that you forgive Bai Feng Jiu.
Don't make Qing Qiu look bad.
Don't make Dong Hua Dijun look bad.
Don't make a big deal out of this.
Even if this lamp could create a new Su Su
it would only be a substitute.
- I ask that Your Highness- - Let her leave!
Thank you, Your Highness.
How did it go?
His Highness doesn't plan on making this a big deal.
Little Princess, you can't be so unruly like this anymore.
I didn't know he was trying to recreate Su Su's body.
I thought no one was using this lamp
after it was used to save Crown Prince 300 years ago.
Little Princess, go back home.
What about Su Jin?
Consort Su Jin is easy to take care of.
If I go with Third Prince to plea on your behalf with Heavenly Lord
based on Consort Su Jin's personality
she wouldn't make a big deal out of it in Heavenly Lord's presence.
Anyway, from now on, you must remember
not to offend anyone outside of Taichen Palace.
Don't create anything you need to take responsibility for.
Otherwise, things will be really hard for me.
I got it.
Is Dijun doing well?
He's doing well. Very well.
I will probably go to Qing Qiu in a few days to see you.
I've thought of a way for you to repay Dijun.
- Really? - Really. But I can't tell you now.
Don't be impatient.
Please wait for me patiently at Qing Qiu Fox Den.
Okay.
Have you gone mad?
Third Uncle, let go of me.
Let go of me.
You're using your own soul to ignite the Soul-gathering Lamp?
I have no other choice.
I have nothing else that has anything to do with Su Su to burn.
Besides my own soul
there's nothing else in this world that has anything to do with Su Su.
That's enough!
Have you forgotten that you're the crown prince of the celestial tribe?
Have you forgotten that you and Su Su have a son?
So what if you can ignite it again?
So what if you create a new body?
Will it be the same Su Su?
Think about it carefully.
Is it worth it to create a fake person?
After you die...
A-Li will become an orphan.
Is it worth it?
If you don't want your own life...
it's fine.
But what about A-Li?
He's still waiting for you in the Far East.
For 300 years, you've been his father and mother.
It wasn't easy for you to raise him to this age.
Who would you leave him with that you'd be able to rest peacefully?
The fake person that you create?
Or Su Jin, who hates Su Su to the core?
Let it go.
It's been 300 years.
Stop torturing yourself.
Forget about it.
Did that lamp really go out?
Father, it really has gone out.
It's good that it's gone out.
This matter has been wearing Ye Hua down for 300 years.
I also couldn't rest easy because of it.
Su Jin.
Present.
Even though Qing Qiu's Little Princess
took on your appearance and stole the Soul-gathering Lamp
she returned it in the end.
Ye Hua just yelled at you for a bit.
You see, Si Ming and Third Prince are here on her behalf.
Why don't you just let it go?
I understand.
I will pretend this never happened.
Good. You always understand the bigger picture.
Ye Hua, from today on no one will ever come be between us.
Your Highness, it's time to wake up.
Your Highness?
Your Highness?
Your Highness?
Oh no. Where did His Highness go?
Little rabbit, are you lost?
I'm lost too.
How dare you, Evil Spirit! How dare you follow the Imperial great-grandson?
Imperial great grandson? I'm the king himself!
This mountain is so weird.
It's like someone has gotten rid of the celestial shield.
Help!
Help!
Help me, Miss!
You're not going to go after it?
This mountain is really dangerous. It's better to be careful.
What's a little immortal like you doing in the mortal world?
Thank you for saving my life.
I just happened to be here.
Where is your house? Should I take you there?
It's at a hut nearby.
Hut?
It must be a place with a celestial shield.
I lost His Highness.
I deserve death. Please punish me by death.
- Keep looking. - Yes.
Your Highness, he's back. His Highness is back.
A-Li.
Father.
