I've finally gotten rid of that father and son.
I'll find a place to sleep on the north bank tonight.
I'll deliver the wine to Fourth Brother's manor tomorrow.
- A-Li has gone to sleep? - He's sleeping.
He always falls asleep come nightfall.
All these years, you've taken on the role of his father and his mother.
It truly is not an easy task.
I have yet to thank you for saving my life.
I wasn't expecting you to thank me.
Why?
Although I saved you 300 years ago, I did not wake you up.
At the time, you were completely disheartened and had no will to live.
Since you did not want to live, why are you thanking me now?
But it seems you have found something to live for now.
Come, try my peach blossom wine.
Tell me. What have you come for today?
Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
When I accepted the engagement between you two 300 years at the grand hall
you did not seem interested.
Yet, you are now.
I have three questions.
What are they? Tell me.
Let's see if I can help you clear things up.
Why is Bai Qian so averse to bright lights?
Were her eyes injured before?
It is an ailment she was born with.
Is it true that in her battle with Qing Cang 300 years ago
she was injured and was unconscious for many years?
Of course it is true. The whole world knows it.
What's the matter?
You don't believe it?
Look at how old I am. I'm an old phoenix. Why would I lie to a junior?
It's true, it's true.
It doesn't seem as if Zhe Yan is lying.
Could it be...
No, it can't be.
Even if everything else is a coincidence, that scar is real.
Nobody is able to remove the scars left by crimson hellfire.
And what is the third question?
Has she once forgotten something?
How did you know?
She truly has?
That's an exaggeration. It's not amnesia.
It's just that in the few years she was asleep
there were many events that happened that she is unaware of.
Why would you think she had lost her memory?
I am overthinking things.
Does this fellow know something?
Could he be the one Bai Qian wanted to forget?
By the way, Ye Hua, I also have a question for you.
Please ask.
From the first time I saw you
you have always been dressed in black from head to toe.
Even to this day.
I just find it most strange.
Why would such a young man as you like to wear such a dark, gloomy color?
This color indeed is not too pleasing, but it is very practical.
Should I be sliced by a sword one day and my clothes become soaked with blood
nobody would be able to tell.
One would merely think I'd fallen into a lake.
If nobody can tell
then my adversary will not feel satisfaction from wounding me
and my loved ones will not worry either.
You are similar to Mo Yuan.
Sometimes, even I speculate whether you are actually Mo Yuan.
No, I am not Mo Yuan.
Here.
My lord, you're awake?
What time is it?
You've only slept for an hour.
Do all the men of Ghost Realm hold their liquor as well as you do?
I don't know about other people.
But my tolerance has grown over these last 70,000 years.
My lord, don't look so heartbroken.
Since fate has brought us together, then we should act like lovers.
Your eyes see me.
Your heart should see me too.
These woods aren't as nice as Zhe Yan's
but it's good for shielding me from the elements.
I'll sleep under these shrubs tonight.
A-Yin, where have you been all these years?
So it is Ghost Lord Li Jing.
A-Yin, don't speak to me like that.
I have long ago broken all ties with you.
I don't deserve to be called A-Yin.
Please call me by my proper name.
A-Yin.
You've been avoiding me for 70,000 years.
Are you going to keep hiding from me?
I have been searching for you all these years.
I was wrong. It was all my fault, A-Yin.
I searched the entire Kunlun Mountain and all corners of the Celestial Realm.
I know you blame me.
You said Grand Ziming Palace was your sworn enemy. Do you know I-
I'm sorry to have troubled you, Ghost Lord.
The things I said back then were only in the heat of the moment.
The Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe get along well now.
I did not live so long without learning anything.
I do understand some principles.
Naturally, I will not make trouble out of nothing
and come to your Grand Ziming Palace to cause trouble.
What do you mean by that?
You won't even bother to blame me anymore?
There is no love, so naturally there is no blame.
From now on, we should both mind our own business.
No, A-Yin.
You must not say that without listening to me first.
I betrayed you back then.
Just because you were part of the Celestial Tribe, I...
All these years, they've told me you already...
I didn't believe it.
A-Yin.
I was thinking of you all these years.
I've also been searching for you all these years.
I don't believe that I do not exist even a little bit in your heart.
Who says I am part of the Celestial Tribe?
Open your eyes and take a clear look.
I am Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
You are Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
Then... Back then, you...
Back then, only for the purpose of studying at Kunlun Mountain
did I hide my identity as part of the Nine-tailed Fox Clan.
Since you have mentioned the past to me
let's talk about it.
Back then, you abandoned me and chose Xuan Nu.
She was carried by four qilin beasts and officially wed
with nine days of celebration.
Is that not the truth?
Don't mention her.
Did you not feel sad back then?
Why didn't you tell me you were of the Fox Clan?
Generally speaking, I was sad for a period of time.
Now I can't even remember it.
Since Ghost Lord adores Xuan Nu
then you must adore her character and temperament
and not her face that is similar to mine.
I no longer hold any resentment for you. There is nothing worth mentioning.
A-Yin.
I know you blame me.
You blame me for not giving the soul jade to you back in Grand Ziming Palace.
But I regret it, A-Yin.
I later went to Kunlun Mountain seeking you
but they said you had already...
You had already left with Mo Yuan's body.
High Immortal!
You don't look much different.
You still look like a child.
Ghost Lord.
What happened 70,000 years ago was a big mess.
There is no need for you to keep thinking about it every day.
You have a beautiful lady here. Do not keep thinking of the past.
Farewell.
A-Yin! A-Yin!
A-Yin!
A-Yin.
If you leave like this, how am I to find you?
How am I to find you again?
My lord!
My lord.
Was that female immortal once your lover as well?
Go away.
My lord, I heard your conversation very clearly.
She is merely a lover from the past. If it's over, it's over.
You like female immortals. Well, I am a female immortal.
Female immortal?
Don't tell me you want to follow me back to Grand Ziming Palace.
Are you aware of this?
The lives of immortals who live in the Ghost Realm for too long are shortened.
Did you also know this?
The children born from immortals in the Grand Ziming Palace...
are either sick or dead.
My lord.
My lord!
My lord.
My lord!
Do you truly want to enter the Celestial Palace?
It is my life's wish. Please grant me my wish, my lord.
If you insist, I will have Tian Shu lead you into the palace.
When you have come to your senses, you can leave on your own.
Thank you, Your Highness!
Father, walk faster!
Father, is this where Mother lived for hundreds of thousands of years?
That's right.
I can't believe Mother is so many years older than you, Father.
Father must be quite regretful
that you did not get to be with Mother when you were a child.
Your Highness!
Your Highness.
Aunt is not in the Fox Den.
I know she is not back yet.
Then does Your Highness know where Aunt has gone?
She fled from the North Sea.
Fled?
Did Aunt displease someone?
That shouldn't be.
She's survived hundreds of millennia to become a high goddess.
There isn't anybody she should be afraid of in this world.
What did she flee for?
There are some matters I must attend to. I'll be leaving A-Li here for now.
Imperial great-grandson?
You mustn't.
How can I look after the imperial great-grandson by myself?
I'm really easy to look after. Just give me a cup of tea and two books.
Just bring me whatever my mother usually likes to read.
Your Highness, don't jest.
I came to the Fox Den when I was around your age.
I've never left Qing Qiu.
How would I know what your mother likes?
High Goddess Bai Qian is my mother. I'll read what she likes to read.
When I burned Su Su's belongings...
the fire would burn in the green color that she likes.
If it...
Green? It's green!
How come you still haven't given up?
Why is the lamp...
I thought you had no more of Su Su's possessions?
It wasn't easy to bring the flame back! Why did you put it out?
- I no longer need it. - No longer need it?
I have already found her.
What do you mean by that?
Could it be that the mortal didn't die when she jumped off Zhuxian Terrace?
Impossible. Unless it wasn't her who jumped off.
Neither.
You're an enigma! Tell me quickly! You're truly killing me with suspense!
It turns out the reason
the Soul-gathering Lamp was lit for 300 years
but did not create a wisp of a shadow...
is because Su Su's soul was not destroyed.
She merely forgot about me.
Her soul was not destroyed?
How is it possible for a mortal to survive a jump off Zhuxian Terrace?
Unless she is an immortal.
Are you saying she is an immortal?
That's right.
Where is she from? Has she never been to Celestial Palace?
She is Qing Qiu's queen, High Goddess Bai Qian.
What did you say?
Do not tell this to anyone yet.
There are still two things I have yet to figure out.
Why did she not have any celestial aura and was left in the Far East?
Why has she now forgotten about me?
Wait, I need some time. I need to think about this.
Where are you going?
I'm going to see Dong Hua Dijun.
He knows best what happened 300 years ago when Qing Cang broke out of the Bell.
I'm going to Taichen Palace.
Please help me put away the Soul-gathering Lamp.
Su Su is Bai Qian. Bai Qian is Su Su.
Then didn't you go through that torment for nothing back then?
If it was her, you could have just married her
with the whole world congratulating you.
Is Your Highness here to see Dijun?
Yes. Is Dijun already in the mortal realm to experience trials?
Yes, he's already left.
You have always been by Dijun's side.
Do you know what happened 300 years ago when Qing Cang broke out of the Bell?
Hasn't the matter been resolved?
Aunt Bai Qian of Qing Qiu sealed away Qing Cang.
She was injured and was asleep for many years.
Is there nothing else?
I am not sure about anything else.
All right, I understand.
Yun Sheng.
Aunt, you haven't come by in many years.
You've come at the wrong time. Bi Fang has run away from home.
Fourth Uncle left yesterday in search of him.
If you do not mind, allow me to provide you my hospitality.
What a hobby he has. He's always chasing after a bird.
I'm already used to it.
Aunt, let's hurry inside.
Wait.
You seem to be acting strangely.
Could it be that Second Brother is here?
Aunt, that's a really good guess.
Second Uncle came early in the morning. He's been in a foul mood.
Didn't you see I was sitting outside? I don't dare go inside.
I should get going.
Fifth Sister, come in.
Second Brother.
Let's go.
Oh, yes! Aunt, you just arrived. You must not have had breakfast yet.
Where is Xiao Jiu?
A few days ago, she was still cooking in my Fox Den.
She has already done many shameful things for Dong Hua's sake.
When she returned to my manor 300 years ago
I had to hang her up and spank her twice for her to become well-behaved.
If she is at your residence, then keep a good eye on her.
Rest assured, Second Brother. I'll surely keep her confined in Qing Qiu's Fox Den.
She won't be outside being a disgrace.
- The life debt to Dong Hua Dijun... - Don't worry, Second Brother.
Qing Qiu will take on the debt that Xiao Jiu owes to Dong Hua Dijun.
As her aunt, I'll repay it in her stead.
I absolutely won't allow Xiao Jiu
to form any new ideas for that notion she's finally rid of.
This Dong Hua Dijun is an immortal that sprung out of a crack in a rock.
One must not love him or hold him in their heart.
He's not one to feel affection.
Good.
Why did you suddenly came to the Far North?
The Water King's son happened to turn one month old.
He sent an invitation to Qing Qiu.
Mother and Father are traveling.
I had nothing much to do, so I came for a visit.
The Eastern Sea is in the east.
If you were returning to Qing Qiu, you should be traveling in the east.
Oh, I forgot to mention...
Fourth Brother had me bring two jars of wine from Zhe Yan's.
I came to deliver them along the way.
What trouble.
I'm going to take them to the kitchen now.
Aunt, do you not need breakfast anymore?
I'm leaving.
These contain the peach blossom wine Fourth Brother wanted.
By the way, Aunt, I heard just now that you attended the Eastern Sea banquet.
I did.
It's said the Crown Prince was there as well. Did you see him?
I did.
Back when the Crown Prince came to the Far North to pacify the rebellion
I had the good fortune to deliver a map of the Far North to His Highness.
I will never in my life forget the Crown Prince's grace.
You were merely a young child 300 years ago.
How could you remember so clearly?
To be honest, I love hearing others speak of the Crown Prince.
Aunt, did you know that in all the battles of the past 30,000 years
wherever the Crown Prince made a stand, he mowed down all resistance?
Should you marry the Crown Prince in the future
you must not forget to bring me with you.
I'm leaving now.
Take care to attend to the one inside.
Your Highness! Your Highness, slow down!
Your Highness!
Mother!
Mother, you lied.
You said yesterday that you were going to return to the Celestial Palace with us.
I deserve to be punished.
You ordered me to defend Qing Qiu.
But I really could not stop the Crown Prince from coming.
Please punish me as you will.
Lord Ye Hua is here too?
Father said you do not want to return with us.
He's afraid you cannot adapt to living in the Celestial Palace.
That isn't a problem.
Father and I will just move here to live with you.
As long as Mother is present, I can live anywhere.
Youre going to move here to live with me?
Your father is coming as well?
Aunt, do not fret. There is precedent.
Precedent?
It's said when Heavenly Lord was still a crown prince
the former Heavenly Lord arranged for his cousin to be his crown princess.
Heavenly Lord was displeased.
The former Heavenly Lord issued a decree
to have him confined in his aunt's residence.
Who knew that after a month, affection would grow.
They returned to the Celestial Palace and it became a wonderful story.
Wonderful story?
Yes. It is in Lord Ye Hua's right to stay here in Qing Qiu.
Nobody could rebuke him for it.
I actually think he came to give me a hard time.
Did you anger Lord Ye Hua at the Eastern Sea?
I broke up his relationship with the princess of the Eastern Sea.
Then...
Lord Ye Hua is not present at the moment. You can hide for a while.
He isn't here?
He left after leaving the young prince with me.
Mother, I am a little hungry.
Did you save any food here?
No.
Where's Xiao Jiu?
With her here, isn't there someone to cook?
After you left, she left as well to go to the mortal realm to repay a debt.
She's left to repay a debt again?
Could it be Dong Hua Dijun?
Forget it.
Let's take A-Li to the Mushroom Market for food.
Come.
Honored Lady! Honored Lady!
Your Ladyship, His Majesty is coming.
Your Majesty, this is Honored Lady Chen who nearly died after falling into water.
She is almost fully recovered by now.
- Honored Lady Chen? - Yes.
Your Majesty has not called upon her much.
She is quite pitiful to have suffered through an illness.
- It'll be her tonight. - Yes.
Make preparations, Your Ladyship.
You'll be attending to His Majesty tonight.
Attending to His Majesty?
Congratulations, Your Ladyship.
Did... Did he just say I will be attending to His Majesty tonight?
Yes, Your Ladyship.
His Majesty will finally lie with you.
When I was an immortal, repaying his kindness was always on my mind
but I did not know how I was going to do so.
Now I have to lie with him right after I've come to the mortal realm.
I'm truly startled.
I was trembling with fear that night, waiting for the eunuch to pick me up.
I'd never imagined the day would come...
Greetings to Virtuous Consort and Worthy Consort.
I heard that after you started recovering from an illness
a plumed cockscomb flower appeared on your forehead.
I've invited Spiritual Master of Jade Purity
to make a judgment on this flower.
Master, you say this flower on my forehead is a demonic flower?
That's right. It is clearly a demonic flower!
Guards, confine Honored Lady Chen in her room.
She is not to step foot out of Handan Quarters without my permission.
It is a demonic flower?
Then let the matter rest.
Is Your Majesty not going to issue an order to send her out of the palace?
I do not believe what some Spiritual Master says.
I only find it troublesome.
I just won't call upon her from now on.
Step out.
Yes.
She's been let off lightly.
That lying, deceitful Spiritual Master.
He says the flower on my forehead as an immortal is a demonic flower?
How ludicrous.
I've already been locked in for seven days.
Don't tell me I won't be able to see Dijun in my entire lifetime.
Why don't I enter Dijun's dream and ask him what his wish is in this life?
This way, I'll get an idea of how to repay him.
Dijun, I am sorry for this.
I came this time because I wholeheartedly want to repay your kindness.
I hope you will tell me what it is you truly want.
I will spare no effort to fulfill your wish.
Do you have any wishes in this lifetime?
Who is speaking?
I am an immortal of the Nine Heavens.
I was passing by and saw you were in a dream.
I'd like to ask why you are wearing such an expression.
Is there a wish you cannot fulfill
or an infatuation you cannot attain?
A wish?
I do not want riches, honor, or the world.
I merely seek to have the heart of one.
Can you give that to me, Immortal?
It is such a simple wish.
Could it be that even an immortal cannot grant it?
Is... what you said true?
You truly want a sincere heart, wholeheartedly devoted to you?
I am a ruler. Naturally, I will not lie.
All right, I give you my promise.
Isn't Dijun... an immortal made out of rock?
Why would he have worldly desires?
She has already done many shameful things for Dong Hua's sake.
When she returned to my manor 300 years ago
I had to hang her up and spank her twice for her to become well-behaved.
If she is at your residence, then keep a good eye on her.
A day in heaven is a day in the mortal realm.
Xiao Jiu will be back in two months at most.
Second Brother probably will not notice.
Xiao Jiu, Xiao Jiu... Hurry back soon.
Otherwise, even I won't be able to save you this time.
Aunt.
Aunt, you're back. How come Princess Feng Jiu isn't here?
It used to be the Little Princess who picked fruits for Aunt.
She'll be back soon.
Aunt!
My mother is so young and beautiful.
Why do you have to make her sound so old?
When did you pick up a young child, Aunt?
Just yesterday.
So it is Aunt's young prince.
There are many fun and tasty things in the Mushroom Market.
Would Your Highness like any?
Mother, I want this one.
Take it.
Aunt.
There's been an excellent harvest. Why do you still look so miserable?
It's because it's a big harvest that I'm unhappy.
I'll have to sell at low prices now.
There was a small harvest last year. You all earned a lot.
The fruit looks pretty good.
You learned to pick fruit from Xiao Jiu herself. You pick.
Then let's have half a basket from here.
Lord Ye Hua, youre back.
Good timing. We're eating loquats for lunch today. Would you like to join us?
A-Li is growing right now. This is all you're feeding him?
Do you like to eat these?
Yes.
Where can we find meat and produce?
- Do you still want the loquats? - Yes!
Look.
- He's so handsome! - Yes.
Look, the young child calls our queen Mother.
Yes, and he calls the man Father.
Aunt! Aunt, you're back!
These two fish are a present for you, Aunt.
Take them home and stew them to nourish your body.
Thank you.
She's been looking after a child by herself.
She should indeed have some nourishment.
Go cook.
Aunt, you clearly know... you clearly know I can't cook.
There's a first time for everything.
You could even survive a trial of lightning bolts.
I believe in you.
Mother, I'm hungry.
Aunt, please spare me.
I am a tree spirit. I am deathly afraid of fire.
I know, but I'm not telling you to burn yourself like firewood.
A-Li is hungry now.
I truly do not understand you.
Qing Qiu is clearly a land of immortals
but you manage it like the mortal realm.
Men till the fields and women knit. There's no trace of magic anywhere.
If everything is done with magic, then life would not be interesting.
They would be bored as well.
I'm thinking of creating a battlefield for them sometime
so they can have some fun fighting each other
so they don't get too bored.
That actually sounds quite interesting.
When the time comes, I'll lend you a few Celestial generals to liven things up.
