My Lord, Xuan Nu fled to Yingzhou yesterday.
She has a mortal with her.
We staked out the area.
Once Xuan Nu poses a threat to the princess, we'll take her down.
What are they doing in Yingzhou?
Are they here for the divine fungal grass?
My Lord, there is another matter.
Speak.
Xuan Nu has the little prince in her arms.
If we were to get into a fight we might hurt the little prince.
Therefore, we didn't dare to get too close to them.
I understand. We'll put the little prince's safety first.
You're wrong.
There is no little prince.
My child was dead at birth.
I understand.
You are dismissed.
Yes.
Xuan Nu, you've deceived me for 70,000 years
why would you keep holding on to that child?
I can't figure you out.
Do you also think that I'm crazy for carrying a sick child around all day?
No.
Grand Ziming Palace is a cursed place.
It's filled with hatred and desire.
If anyone stays there...
they will be forced to do all sorts of harm to others.
And they can never redeem themselves.
If you didn't follow my second brother home...
You wouldn't end up losing everything and be filled with so much hatred.
Indeed.
If I hadn't gone to the Ghost Realm with your second brother...
Do you know that I'm the youngest daughter in my family?
When I was still a baby
my eldest sister married Qing Qiu Fox King Bai Zhi's eldest son.
I kept hearing how my eldest sister made our family proud.
It's because of my sister that I grew up with Qing Qiu's Bai Qian.
She is the princess of Qing Qiu the most beautiful woman of Qing Qiu.
But I am nothing.
Then my mother made me marry a Black Bear Spirit.
I ran away to Kunlun Mountain.
Yan Zhi, I really do love your second brother.
I stole Si Yin's sweetheart.
I took one wrong step and it all went awry.
I could no longer turn back.
I gave up everything for your second brother.
He thought that all I wanted was to be the Ghost Queen.
But if I don't truly love him, how would I end up like this?
Your second sister-in-law keeps holding her sick child?
It is her child, but it still seems quite scary.
You came all the way here with us.
Are you not frightened?
Of what?
I am no mortal. I'm from Ghost Tribe.
You're talking about that?
I've always liked listening to plays since I was little.
The beautiful ladies of the Ghost Tribe only exist in books.
Now that I've met one why should I be scared?
This is Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea.
Not even deities dare to come here.
Yet you insisted on coming with us.
Aren't you afraid of getting killed?
I don't know a thing about Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea.
The ignorant has nothing to fear.
Who knew that you could say such wise words?
I'm a constable.
I would hear that from the officials.
I remember those words after listening to them so often.
Go to bed now. I'll keep watch.
No, this can't be all there is to you.
Women...
Women always think too much.
Do you like anyone?
Why would you suddenly ask me so?
I just want to know.
70,000 years ago, I guess I liked someone.
He was a deity and I was still young then.
I just find him really cute.
But then that affection died away.
I don't know if that means I liked him.
You really do say whatever is on your mind.
I have always been so.
It's just that in the Mortal Realm mortals are too hard to tackle.
I might as well pretend to be mute.
As for me, the mortal constable I also say whatever is on my mind.
Little mute girl.
I like you.
You...
You what?
Don't you always say what is on your mind?
Why are you stammering now?
Do you like me?
- I... - All right.
Don't tell me your answer and don't fall for me.
You already knew who I am?
Yes, I know who you are.
You're Yan Zhi the princess of the Ghost Tribe.
Ghost Lord's younger sister.
You knew it all along?
I knew it from the start.
Who are you?
I'll tell you everything tomorrow.
Just pretend that you know nothing for now.
Just treat me as a constable and let me protect you on this last journey.
Please?
All right.
Great.
This is the Yan Zhi I like.
Go to bed. I'll be on watch.
The four mythical beasts Hundun, Qiongqi, Taowu, and Taotie
inherited half of Heavenly Father's powers.
They are very ferocious.
Common deities wouldn't dare go near them.
Really? Is it that scary?
That's good. I'll get to meet them today.
There's a celestial shield here that traps the four beasts in.
They can't get in and out freely.
However, once we get inside this cave nothing can stop them.
Therefore... wait for me outside the cave.
No matter what happens and matter what sounds you hear
don't go in there.
If I don't get out before dusk take my second sister-in-law away.
You're going in there alone?
Exactly.
I'm going in alone.
My second sister-in-law doesn't see very well.
It's too dangerous to leave her outside alone.
Constable, I'll leave my sister-in-law to you.
Sister-in-law, wait here for me.
I'll get the divine fungal grass to save your child.
Yan Zhi!
She's seeking her doom.
Listen, stay here.
Don't go anywhere if you want to stay alive.
No, I have to get the divine fungal grass myself.
Didn't I tell you to stay outside the cave?
Are you joking? I'm a man.
How can I wait outside the cave?
Quickly! Take my sister-in-law away!
The four mythical beasts aren't as easy to deal with as you think!
Beasts!
Listen up!
I'm the 16th disciple of Kunlun Mountain, Zi Lan!
As long as I'm here don't dream of hurting anyone!
This is bad!
Yan Zhi has provoked the four mythical beasts!
Protect Ghost Lord!
Yan Zhi!
Li Jing!
Escape now while your guards are still alive!
Do you not know the powers these beasts possess?
Even if there were ten of you you couldn't escape from them!
You!
My Lord!
Is it Your Lordship?
You're also here for the divine fungal grass to save our child?
Forget about that grass!
Get the women out of here!
If it weren't for your sister I would, but I don't need you to save me!
Let's go. I'll get you both out of here.
No!
The divine fungal grass is here!
I won't leave!
I have to save my son!
I have to save my son!
Do whatever you please.
Try to get killed quickly.
It seems that no one survived.
Crown Prince?
What are you doing here?
Who disturbed the four beasts?
It's the Ghost Tribe.
They are here for the divine fungal grass to save a child.
Ghost Tribe? Who is it?
Both the Ghost Lord and Ghost Queen are in there.
Leave now!
Run!
Let's go!
I won't leave!
Why are you still here?
Leave now!
I won't leave!
The divine fungal grass belongs to my son! I need to save him!
- You... - I won't leave...
Come with me.
What is Your Highness going to do?
I am going to sink Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea
to wipe out all traces of the divine fungal grass.
Crown Prince!
Please bestow a blade of the divine fungal grass.
You couldn't use it anyway.
It's a sacred item of the Celestial Tribe.
I know but this child is a half-blooded celestial tribesman.
I think that it might work on him.
Crown Prince, for the sake of 70,000 years of friendship between our tribes
please bestow a blade of the divine fungal grass to that child.
I know that Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea is now destroyed
and the divine fungal grass no longer exists.
What you now hold in your hand might be that child's last hope.
Thank you, Crown Prince!
Brother Li Jing, I've asked Crown Prince for a blade of the divine fungal grass.
Try and see if it can revive your son.
Second Sister-in-law, she's...
You're awake?
Yes, that divine fungal grass is for our son.
My Lord...
Don't say a word.
I'll take you to Grand Ziming Palace and you'll get better soon.
Very soon.
Back in the cave of Kunlun Mountain, I really...
I know...
Xuan Nu, after 70,000 years
I've finally remembered your true face.
What a ridiculous couple we are.
How pathetic.
Brother Li Jing...
Where has the Crown Prince gone?
He went toward the valley.
Crown Prince.
I've given the divine fungal grass to your sister.
I wonder what brings you here?
Crown Prince.
Could you tell me who you're going to save with the divine fungal grass?
Since when does the Celestial Tribe have to report to the Ghost Tribe?
I only wish to remind Your Highness
that you can use this grass to save anyone but Mo Yuan.
Crown Prince, rest assured that
I wish not to meddle in the affairs of the Celestial Tribe.
I only gave you such an advice to repay your kindness
in saving my son by giving me the divine fungal grass.
Why can't I save High God Mo Yuan?
70,000 years ago, Mo Yuan used his spirit to seal up Bell of the East Emperor.
If he is revived 70,000 years later
the spirit that sealed up the bell would be gone.
Qing Cang could then break out of the bell.
High God Mo Yuan created the bell himself.
Could he not manipulate it?
Has Crown Prince ever considered that should Qing Can become more powerful
how long could the bell trap him?
By then, Mo Yuan's spirit will vanish
and I dare say that it won't be long before Qing Cang breaks out of the bell.
Since Qing Cang is trapped in the bell how could he become more powerful?
My siblings and I are Qing Cang's power vessels.
With the death of each child Qing Cang grows more powerful.
Just a few days ago, my brother died.
Since you and A-Yin are engaged
the both of you will become the next Heavenly Lord and Empress.
Why would you help A-Yin revive High God Mo Yuan?
High God Mo Yuan is Qian Qian's mentor.
It's been Qian Qian's only wish for the past 70,000 years to revive him.
If Qing Cang really breaks through the bell
will you use your own spirit to seal up Qing Cang
for the sake of A-Yin and Mo Yuan?
This is all I have to say.
You now hold the last of the divine fungal grass.
Only Your Highness could decide what to do with it.
I'm actually...
The 16th disciple of Kunlun Mountain's Mo Yuan, Zi Lan.
How did you know?
What did I let slip?
When I was knocked out by the mythical beasts
I overheard you say who your mentor was.
That's the rule in the Celestial Realm.
Before we get into combat we have to say who we are.
Otherwise, if we're defeated no one would collect our bodies.
- Yan Zhi, I... - You...
I'll be honest with you.
Back then, your second brother barged into Kunlun Mountain
and said that he saw Si Yin
so I thought of coming to the Mortal Realm in search of my junior.
Who knew that I'd run into you when you were in trouble.
I took that chance to get close to you.
I wanted to stay by your side to see
what the princess of the Ghost Tribe is really up to
by acting mute and running a restaurant.
What I am really up to?
What have you discovered?
Nothing.
I'm very stupid so I didn't find out anything at all.
The fact is... I had no ulterior motive.
I just didn't want to stay in Grand Ziming Palace
to witness the power struggle and the killings.
I wanted to get some peace and quiet in the Mortal Realm.
I see.
So... are you going to leave now that you didn't discover any schemes?
Exactly.
If I return to the Mortal Realm again would you come with me?
No.
I've been summoned by Kunlun Mountain.
All my seniors are already there.
So... I have to head back as well.
Knowing that I am of the Ghost Tribe and you're a high immortal I still asked.
I just don't know when to give up.
Yan Zhi, I...
I'm leaving now.
Don't come after me.
The cranes behaved exactly like this during the battle of Ruoshui Riverbank...
What is happening?
No one is allowed to enter besides the disciples of Kunlun Mountain!
Master!
I'm Crown Prince, Ye Hua.
What brings Crown Prince to Kunlun Mountain late at night?
I'd like to borrow your elixir cauldron.
The elixir cauldron?
Sure.
Crown Prince, please come with me.
This used to be our mentor's elixir cauldron.
I wonder if it still works.
Thank you very much.
Crown Prince, what else could I help you with?
It's fine.
But your injuries...
It's fine. You are dismissed.
Yes.
Don't tell anyone that I was here.
Rest assured, Crown Prince. My lips are sealed.
I'll retrieve the divine fungal grass from Yingzhou
and then use 70,000 years of my cultivation to create an elixir.
Once Die Yong takes it
Master should be able to wake up within three months.
Qian Qian, this is the last thing I could do for you.
Seventeenth.
I just heard the maids chatting in private
about your upcoming wedding with the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe?
I have yet to know if he's willing to be a Heavenly Lord
without a Heavenly Empress for some time.
In 20,000 to 30,000 years
I can't withstand the sacred blaze and holy thunderbolts.
Why is that so?
Don't you know me well enough?
I didn't train well enough.
When I ascend to a high immortal
Master took the heavenly trial for me.
It was three holy thunderbolts then.
Now, as the Heavenly Empress
it's 81 bursts of sacred blaze and nine holy thunderbolts.
This is no laughing matter.
You...
Just because you don't train well it's even affecting your marriage now?
You really rendered me speechless.
You just need to stay up one more night.
Have some food to get through the night.
Thank you, Senior.
What's the matter?
Give this to Qian Qian.
You're going to die and you still care about this thing?
Crown Prince of West Sea, how are you feeling?
- His Highness is awake. - His Highness is awake.
Inform Water King now.
- Yes. - Yes...
I haven't felt so energetic for 600 years.
I must head out to West Sea today and have a swim.
I'll take a look at the scenery that I've missed in the last 600 years.
Go ahead then.
Don't wait around any longer.
If I had slept for 600 years like you did
I'm afraid that I wouldn't be able to withstand it.
Emissary, you've had a hard time.
Get some rest now.
I'm going to bed.
I've been staring at this flame day after day.
My eyes are so sore.
Please tell my senior not to visit me.
He was fine but then why would he end up like this?
Who knows?
If he could survive this he would be able to tell us.
Are you sure that he would tell us the truth?
He's so severely injured and yet instead of returning to the Celestial Palace
he's here in my Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
He must be hiding something.
He doesn't want Heavenly Lord to find out
so he could only come to me for help.
That makes sense.
What are you doing with that?
He's the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe
but now he's missing an arm.
How bad will that look?
I went and picked a 10,000-year-old lotus root from Jade Lotus Pond
to make him a prosthetic arm.
Can this fake arm wield swords?
It can't wield swords.
It can't even move.
It's just for looks.
What's the point of having it then?
It looks nice.
Would you want him to marry Qian Qian with one arm?
That's true.
Make it look more convincing.
It's best if no one would notice the difference.
