Big Brother.
Did Li Jing have you come here to kill me?
Big Brother, I'm here to get you out.
You're awake.
Xuan Nu?
It's me.
Where exactly have you been for the last 70,000 years?
A-Yin again?
It's been 70,000 years! Why are you still thinking of that celestial immortal?
So what if she's a celestial immortal?
The 3,000 women in my harem don't even measure up to her finger.
What exactly has A-Yin done for you?
She only uses you.
Even after Mo Yuan died, she used your love for her to ask for the soul jade.
My lord.
Shouldn't you be in the Arctic Lands?
The princess took Li Yuan away.
What did you say?
Princess had the military seal.
I didn't dare to stop her. I could only come here to report it to you.
Why would Yan Zhi have my military seal?
My military seal was put in...
Did you take my military seal?
She asked me for it.
How can you give away something as important
as the military seal just because she asked!
Do you know that Li Yuan got taken away!
You dote on her so much that I thought...
She wouldn't do anything to hurt you.
Li Yuan's mother is from the mermaid clan.
He will definitely flee to the Chang Sea.
If the mermaid clan revolts and the ghost realm goes into chaos
I'll make you pay for it!
Anyone there!
- My Lord. - Tell all the generals quickly.
Rebel Li Yuan was rescued by the princess.
He is probably heading to the Chang Sea.
Hurry and go arrest the criminal.
- Yes. - Wait.
This matter can't get out.
The Nine Heavens must not know about it.
You must do this secretly.
Yes.
Aren't you afraid that my old bones aren't suitable for cloud leaping?
I came running here step by step.
Where's Su Jin?
She went to serve tea to those generals.
I don't think she'll be here for a while.
Hurry and go.
Anyone there?
Here.
No one is to come in without my permission.
Yes.
Your Highness.
I need to go see His Highness.
His Highness said that no one is allowed to go in.
Your Highness, Su Jin would like to see you.
Su Jin would like to see Your Highness.
This Su Jin...
Didn't she go to serve tea? Why is she here all of a sudden?
What should I do?
If I don't respond, and she gets suspicious and tells Heavenly Lord
then we're done for.
Your Highness.
His Highness usually doesn't go to bed this early.
Is he's feeling sick?
Shouldn't someone go check on him?
Your Highness, please leave. When His Highness doesn't want to see anyone
I'm afraid only Heavenly Lord can make him.
Don't you think it's strange?
If His Highness doesn't want to see me, there should be some response.
Maybe His Highness... didn't hear you.
Your Highness, did you see? His Highness blew out the candle.
I'm afraid he's telling us that he's going to rest.
Your Highness, you know His Highness best.
If he doesn't want to say anything, he won't say anything for the whole day.
Since he's blown out his candle
I'm afraid that means he doesn't want you to disturb him anymore.
Take care of His Highness.
Don't be negligent.
Yes.
This isn't a long-term solution.
As the crown prince of the Celestial Tribe
if Ye Hua locks himself in his room every day
he'll be caught eventually.
Su Su!
Where did she go?
Ye Hua.
I'm back.
Do you know that you've been gone for over half a year?
You left without saying anything.
Was something a matter of life and death?
No.
No?
Do you know that you've been gone for over half a year?
You want me to drop this by just answering no?
I had something important to take care of.
What's so important that you couldn't have told me about it before leaving?
It's my bad.
Do you know that everything about you is good
except that you never tell me everything.
So I can never completely know everything about you.
No matter how much I tell you
it's fine as long as you trust me.
Okay. I lose.
If you don't want to tell me, then don't.
But if you just take on all these burdens yourself
it makes me think I'm not your wife.
Look at you. You're not saying anything again.
You taciturn person, I'm not mad anymore.
Can't you just coax me?
It's my fault.
You... You disappeared for over half a year.
All you can say is that it's your fault.
You're the only one in this world.
Were you hurt?
No. There are very few people in this world that can hurt me.
Liar.
Why?
On the day I first met you
you were dripping with blood in front of my house.
That day was an exception.
Su Su.
I have to go.
Ye Hua, you're leaving again?
How long will you be gone for this time?
One year.
Or maybe two years.
One or two years?
Do you know how long one or two years is?
I'm sorry.
When I married you back then
I just wanted you to always be by my side.
I can't believe that after half a year of bliss
I've had to go years without seeing you.
It's fine.
It's just two years.
I can wait.
Go.
I'll give you something.
Take this copper mirror.
If you speak into it
I'll be able to hear it no matter where I am.
If I'm not busy, I'll be able to talk to you.
Ye Hua.
Before you came here
I lived on this mountain alone.
I didn't think much about it.
But now that we're already married
please don't make me keep waiting for you.
If I wait too long
I'll get angry.
I'm really scared that one day
you'll lie drenched in blood before the grass hut.
What would I do then?
Su Su.
If I had nothing, would you still be with me?
Besides the sword in the corner
you don't have anything anyway.
And I only use that sword to chop wood.
I can't use it for much.
I'm still with you.
That's true. You've never left me.
Close your eyes.
Wait for me to come back.
Ye Hua.
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
You're back so soon.
It's a long night. You still have a few hours.
You could spend a few more months, with her in the mortal world.
I just got rid of Su Jin, and you've come back.
This is celestial land.
If they find out that I disappeared using my magic, things might get complicated.
That's true.
Hurry and get some rest.
After we meet with the generals tomorrow, they'll probably leave.
Have you really thought it through?
You're going to fake your death?
I've thought about it all night, comparing all the options.
Although faking my death is the most dangerous option
it's the only permanent option.
I'll have to trick all the immortals into believing that I'm dead.
Only then can I protect her life
and our love can have a happy ending.
It's very difficult to deceive the Heavenly Lord.
That's why I have to fake my death before many eyes.
I can't let Heavenly Lord have any doubts.
Now, there's a good opportunity before us.
- What opportunity? - The mermaid clan.
You want to fake your death during the war with the mermaid clan?
It's a golden opportunity to escape.
Are you determined to do this?
Ye Hua, you're not an ordinary citizen.
You're the crown prince of the Celestial Tribe.
If you fake your death, it means that you abandon the tribe.
I am the crown prince, but I'm also her husband.
If the Celestial Tribe loses Ye Hua
someone else will inherit the crown prince position.
But if I don't get out of this situation now
someone will discover her existence eventually.
When that happens, Heavenly Lord won't let her off easy.
Looks like this isn't just an infatuation.
You're very serious about her.
If I need to choose between her life, and my position as the crown prince
I only want her.
But in order to fulfill my duty as crown prince
I will definitely get them to send troops to pacify the mermaid clan's revolt.
That's the last thing I can do for Heavenly Lord
and Celestial Tribe as the crown prince.
Generals, it's been 70,000 years since I've seen you.
Third Prince, I trust you've been well since we last met.
I've been doing very well.
Your Highness.
I didn't expect Your Highness to come with Su Jin to give offerings
and to visit useless generals like us.
What a surprise.
You are all my elders.
This isn't the Celestial Palace. Don't be mired by etiquette.
Heavenly Lord wanted me to come to become closer to you all.
There's no crown prince here today.
I will address you all as uncles.
Your Highness, you can just be straightforward.
This is because of the mermaid clan, right?
I heard the mermaid clan, supporters of the Ghost Tribe, are getting restless.
What? Will there be another armed rebellion?
That's right. Then I won't beat around the bush.
Let's go and have a chat.
I'll have fine wine and food for you all.
Okay. Let's go eat and drink and hear you out about those traitors.
- This way. - This way.
I always heard that you looked very much like the God of War, Mo Yuan.
Now that I've seen you, it is indeed the case.
When I saw you, I thought Mo Yuan had come back.
You can't say that.
His Highness is someone who became a high immortal at the age of 20,000.
For our Celestial Tribe, that's rare.
That's right! Even Mo Yuan was 25,000 when he became a high immortal.
Your Highness is on another level.
Yes, that's right. I was being silly.
If someone looks even remotely like His Highness and Mo Yuan
it means they're destined to stand out from the masses.
That you all mistakenly think I was Mo Yuan
speaks volumes about his place in your heart.
I haven't had any military merits, so I can't accept your praise.
Your Highness, it really pains me to hear you talk about him.
I really miss Mo Yuan.
Yes.
I will never forget his charms.
Back then, you all followed Mo Yuan in times of peace and war.
You all have outstanding military merits.
But now that our world is at peace and Mo Yuan has returned to nothingness
are you still inclined to protect our world?
I won't hide it from you all.
On the surface, I'm here to ask that you send troops
to help us against the mermaid clan.
But I'm actually here to strengthen the friendship
between the Celestial Tribe and each of your clans.
You're funny. Even though we fight for our clans
we're all still Celestials. Isn't that right?
The friendship is still there.
Yes.
It's still there.
Even though the friendship is still there
your hearts are far from it.
You are all my elders.
Please forgive me for being so forthright.
After the war of the four seas, Dong Hua Dijun gave up his position
to the current Heavenly Lord.
You were all unhappy about that
and that's why you're more loyal to your clans now.
Am I right?
It's been a long time since then.
You've made it sound so serious.
We're all so old now. We've forgotten all about past events.
Yes, we've forgotten.
You're right.
I'm willing to believe that this is all in the past.
Don't worry, Your Highness.
We are of one mind with the Nine Heavens.
Back when the Celestial Tribe was at war with the Ghost Tribe
we were at the front line.
For our world, the entire Su Jin clan willingly sacrificed themselves as bait.
Your Highness, you heard about that, right?
I have.
I've not only heard about it, but I've also kept it in my heart.
Although the Celestial Tribe won the war 70,000 years ago
we paid a painful price for it.
Not just the Su Jin clan
but 2,000 people from your clan died.
And over half of the young adults from your clan died.
As for you, Uncle...
Even woman from your clan fought in the war.
1,760 people died.
The sacrifice that these comrades made...
I know about them.
Here I'd like to make a toast to you
and the heroes who died.
Thank you, Your Highness.
I would like to ask you all something.
Why did Mo Yuan sacrifice his soul 70,000 years ago?
Do you all remember?
Of course it was for our world.
That's right. It was for our world.
Although he was the son of Heavenly Father and the God of War
Mo Yuan was willing to sacrifice his life to seal the Bell of the East Emperor.
He did it for this land and the hundreds of thousands of immortals.
Now, I want the mermaid clan to surrender
for the same reason: for the people of our land.
I earnestly request that you all let go of your animosity
and give me your troops.
I will attack the mermaid clan to return our world to peace.
Seeing Your Highness today, you are indeed a capable and wise man.
You truly uphold your reputation.
But ever since the war against Qing Cang, my clan has been discouraged.
What His Highness just said
made me remember my father and clansmen.
Everyone, I ask that you don't forget
that my father and clan
willingly died to protect the Celestial Tribe and the world 70,000 years ago.
I ask that you all to let bygones be bygones
and fight alongside His Highness to protect our world.
It would also allow my father to rest in peace.
Okay! We will trust Your Highness.
That's right. That's right!
We're good men. Why should we hesitate because of the past?
If there's something we want to do, we should do it.
That's right. Our troops can be deployed at any time. We await your command.
Good.
I thank you all for your trust.
The mermaid clan has been causing trouble in Chang Sea for thousands of years.
I will pacify the armed rebellion within half a month.
I toast to you.
During the battle, I will be at the front line.
We pledge our lives to follow Your Highness!
You Highness, do you know the reason why
the mermaid clan is causing trouble at Chang Sea?
I heard that
the admiral of the Chang Sea navy is not a good leader and has a weak personality.
So it has led the mermaid clan to strengthen, causing disaster.
That's right. It's because of the Water King of Chang Sea's indulgence.
That's why Your Highness must find a good assistant before you go.
An assistant?
For the past thousands of years, the Water King of Chang Sea
would often ask the second prince of Water King of West Sea for help.
Back in the day, the second prince was Mo Yuan's disciple.
Ever since Kunlun Mountain was abandoned
he left to search for his master and Seventeenth.
Whenever Chang Sea was in a state of emergency
he would lead troops there to help.
He has already fought with the Mermaid Clan multiple times.
Mo Yuan's disciple?
Mo Yuan's senior disciple, Die Feng.
Die Feng.
I've heard Father mention him before. I got it.
Recently, I've heard that Water King of Chang Sea
wants to marry one of his daughters to the Mermaid King to preserve peace.
If you want to start a war
the Water King could be an obstacle.
I'm afraid that if we lead troops there
the Water King might speak up for the mermaid clan
then we'd look really bad.
Before we start the war, I will go meet the Water King.
I've said all that I should say.
I won't disturb you anymore.
I will take my leave.
Su Su.
You're there. I thought the copper mirror was broken.
It wasn't a convenient time to talk just now.
It's nothing much.
I just wanted to ask you what you wanted to eat when you came back.
I'll prepare it for you.
Su Su.
What?
Just be honest.
Are you angry?
No. I'm playing with my bird.
I don't feel like bickering with you.
I wish you'd bicker with me more.
Why?
If you bicker with me more, then you'd talk to me more.
Ye Hua, I thought about something today.
I want to discuss it with you.
What is it?
I thought...
If... If we had a child who could stay by my side
then I wouldn't be afraid of you leaving all the time.
But I was scared that you wouldn't like children.
So I wanted to discuss it with you.
It's okay if you don't like children.
Really.
Without children, it's more peaceful and quiet.
Do you want a boy or girl?
Huh?
Tell me when I come back.
Okay.
Heavenly Lord.
You may leave for now.
Yes.
I asked you to come here because I wanted to ask about
what happened during the meeting you went to with Su Jin.
What happened?
After meeting with those generals
what are your thoughts on the situation with the Mermaid Clan?
I would like to go to Chang Sea.
You want to go to Chang Sea?
Yes. I want to go to Chang Sea to meet the Water King
to see if he is as the rumors say
backing down to the Mermaid Clan and giving them his land.
Secondly, I want to watch Mermaid Clan's every move from Chang Sea
in order to find the opportunity to start the war against them.
We have to resolve this situation with the Mermaid Clan eventually.
But isn't it too early to start a war now?
I think it's better to do it soon rather than later.
We should catch them off guard.
That's how we can win.
Okay. I will allow you to go to Chang Sea.
Yes.
As the crown prince of the Celestial Tribe
going to your own land to see the local conditions and customs
shouldn't raise any suspicions.
But Ye Hua, the mermaid clan has been a danger to Chang Sea for 70,000 years.
It's called a danger because it's a perennial problem.
So you can't rush things.
I think so too.
So I don't want to go there this time as the crown prince.
You want to go undercover?
It's what Your Majesty is worried about too.
Although Chang Sea is our territory
and the mermaid clan is a problem for us
I'm going there this time to find an opportunity
to break all ties between Water King of Chang Sea and the mermaid clan.
If we have Water King request for our troops
then we can send our troops righteously and properly.
That's true. You've thought about things meticulously.
I haven't interfered with the mermaid clan situation
because I was afraid the other water kings would get suspicious
that the Celestial Tribe is using the mermaid clan as an excuse
to take away their authority, starting with Chang Sea.
I understand.
Okay. Then we'll do as you say.
Yes.
Dijun?
Have you seen Si Ming?
No.
What are you eating?
Fruits.
Who gave them to you?
Who exactly gave them to you?
I think it was Cheng Yu.
You dare to eat food that she has given you?
There are so many fruits that I can't finish them all anyway.
Dijun, have one.
Judging from the way you look now
you probably don't even know what I'm saying.
Dijun, honestly...
I like you.
I like you so much.
Even if you didn't tell me
I would still know that.
But I've been living at Taichen Palace the whole time.
How come I've never realized that?
When you're free, you can ask Si Ming to take you around.
You don't have to waste your time on worthless activities with me, an old man.
You're not old.
When I was the heavenly lord, your grandfather wasn't even married yet.
So you dislike that I'm younger than you.
All right, sit here and don't mess around.
I'll get two celestial swans to take you home.
No. If I go back, Crown Prince's cousin will yell at me.
Does she yell at you often?
Yes.
Let's go. It's none of our business.
Why?
You write the mortals' stories every day.
You don't get it?
The little princess is dazed right now.
Everything she says will just make others fall for her charms.
I'm sure there will be some sparks between her and that old Dijun.
Oh! You sealed the deal with Third Prince back then after giving him that to eat.
Right? Right?
Don't talk to me about that wanderer!
I won't, I won't.
