I have to get some proper rest.
Don't disturb me again.
Master's soul is gathered.
I just need to get myself ready to retrieve the divine fungal grass
from Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea.
I just have to keep this from Senior or else
the other disciples will fight to retrieve the grass.
Who could it be?
It's Senior.
I'm exhausted. Could you not let me sleep for two days?
Someone is here to see you.
Who is it?
Tell him that I can't leave the room. He can come in.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Please come in!
Fifth Sister.
Greetings to Second Brother.
You've been safeguarding High God Mo Yuan's spirit.
Don't stand on such ceremony.
Thank you for being so thoughtful.
I'll make the long story short.
I've heard from Water King of West Sea that whoever cures the eldest prince
his or her daughter could marry into the Crystal Palace.
That is true.
High God Bai Yi, you mean to...
What do you think of my daughter?
That little girl?
She might be a bit young but her mother also married young.
Even if I'm willing Bai Qian wouldn't consent to it?
I just think that the age difference between them is a bit too much.
Moreover, I'm not a unromantic man.
How about this?
High God, why don't I take you to my older brother?
How about that?
What's that? Did you just refuse to marry my daughter?
I wouldn't dare. Die Feng wouldn't dare.
Brother Bai Yi...
I understand that you'd like Xiao Jiu to forget about...
That romance.
But it isn't such a good idea to force a marriage upon her either.
As Feng Jiu's aunt, do you have a better method to make her
forget about that Lord Dong Hua in the Nine Heavens?
Do you or do you not have a plan?
Yes! I do have one.
Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu is of such a prestigious status.
Once she gets to the right age and announces to the public
there will be matchmakers coming from all of the realms.
Between me and my brother, one isn't romantic and the other is still ill.
Neither of us is the best choice.
Instead, why don't we let young men that are her age propose to her?
Am I right, High God Bai Yi?
That does make sense.
Without further ado, let's start from the West Sea.
What are we starting with?
Start collecting visiting cards.
I don't believe that
there isn't any outstanding young men of her age in all the realms?
Yes, indeed.
Have a good chat, gentlemen.
I'm really sleepy.
I have to sleep now.
I won't be able to keep you company.
High God, let's discuss this outside.
- This way, please. - Sure.
Xiao Jiu, no one in Qing Qiu's Bai Family would dare offend your father.
You just have to make do with whichever young man
that might be to your liking...
Your Majesty, the weather is so nice today.
Why don't I take you to the Imperial Garden for a stroll?
Has Your Lordship heard about the news?
Qing Qiu has announced that
Little Princess Bai Feng Jiu has come of age
and they are now seeking marriage proposals from all realms.
High God Bai Yi is in such a rush to marry Little Princess off.
He is already accepting visiting cards from West Sea
before she makes it back to Qing Qiu.
What are you trying to say?
It's just a casual chat.
After all, Little Princess was once a friend to Your Lordship.
Send this to the West Sea.
The West Sea?
When did Your Lordship become friends with Water King of West Sea?
Didn't you say that Bai Feng Jiu is in West Sea?
Your Lordship means to hand this to Little Princess?
Exactly.
May I ask what is in here?
Then I'd know what to say when I hand it to her.
You can take a look.
- Just these? - Just those.
Is there any message you would like me to pass on to Little Princess?
Just tell her that...
She saved me once in the Mortal Realm.
Our debts are now cleared.
I have no use of those things anymore.
Give them back to her as a keepsake of our encounter.
That's all?
What else do you think there is to it?
I wouldn't dare speculate what you have on your mind.
I'll get it done now.
Auntie, why would my father still come after me
after I hid out here in West Sea?
You'd better succumb to fate.
It's better to accept proposal gifts from talented young men
of all realms here in this beautiful garden
than to marry my senior?
That's true.
Auntie. Little Princess...
This is made from the scales of
Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea's mythical beast, Qiong Qi.
It's just a small gift.
Please don't mind it, Little Princess.
What's special about Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea?
My grandfather has been to the Eastern Sea as well
and he even brought back the divine fungal grass.
Indeed.
Fox King Bai Zhi is truly the emperor of Five Far Lands.
He fought against the four mythical beasts alone
and took the divine fungal grass. He's an inspiration to us all.
None is a match for him.
What about Lord Dong Hua?
His Lordship?
Old Lord Dong Hua is...
Is he old?
Not at all!
Although Lord Dong Hua was already around during the old Heavenly Lord's reign
he still looks so young!
He's not old at all! Not at all!
This is made from Buddha's mythical bird, the Roc Bird's feathers.
This is the Luminous Pearl of Chang Sea.
Leave your names behind in the front hall so I know who sent these gifts.
Then I can have them returned.
Little Princess has accepted so many gifts. Could you return them all?
Star Lord.
Star Lord, you came at the right time.
Keep her company.
I'm going back to bed.
Star Lord, after seeing so many people today, seeing your face just made my day.
Really?
Is my face that useful?
Tell me. Why have you come to see me today?
Congratulations, Little Princess.
Although it took you 300 years you finally repaid the kindness you owed.
Yes.
After I've repaid this kindness
I no longer have anything to do with the Nine Heavens.
Star Lord, don't you usually watch over the events of the Mortal Realm?
Why would you have the time to visit me today?
Lord Dong Hua has ordered me to bring these two items to you.
His Lordship said that you saved him in the Mortal Realm, so you're now even.
He doesn't need these two items with him.
Therefore, he returns them to you as a keepsake of your encounter.
Your Majesty needs only to remember that I took this shot willingly for you.
I don't seek any reward in return
but to have Your Majesty remember me always.
Forever. For all eternity.
For all eternity, I'll never let you down.
I understand.
Star Lord had to deliver worthless things as well.
His Lordship really is... insensitive.
That day when we were on the run there was a thunderstorm...
Was it Star Lord who made it difficult for us?
You're the princess of Qing Qiu, not some common woman.
You should understand even if I leave some words unsaid.
I understand.
The romance started in the Mortal Realm and it ends there.
The romance started in the Mortal Realm and it ends there.
That does sound good.
Your Lordship!
If the romance started in the Mortal Realm and really ended there
what is Your Lordship doing in this shabby hut?
What is it that you can't forget?
Do you still remember that I took that shot for you?
What did I say then?
Your Majesty needs only to remember that I took this shot willingly for you.
I don't seek any reward in return
but to have Your Majesty remember me always.
Forever. For all eternity.
I do.
Your Lordship...
I came to the Mortal Realm to take the heavenly trial.
And experience the sufferings of the mortals.
Even if this is your trial of romance it also counts as my heavenly trial.
Feng Jiu, you have to understand that we aren't common mortals.
Flowers bloom and then wither.
All things come to an end.
Holding on to it would only bring you and the others pain.
Father.
I've come home.
I'll get ready to make you dinner.
Go ahead.
I'll take my leave.
You woke up at the right time.
I made you an arm.
Try and see if it fits?
I can't feel it.
It was very difficult to make it look real.
Just keep it on for now.
Perhaps in a couple thousand years it might be able to move.
Thank you, High God.
You really should thank me.
It took me great efforts to treat your injuries.
I was terrified that
the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe's soul would vanish and die
here in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
I would feel wronged.
You just woke up and you're already pushing yourself so hard?
What day is it?
Is Qian Qian still in West Sea?
That's hard to say.
Die Feng told me that you've instructed Qian Qian
to stay by the eldest prince of West Sea for three full nights.
Not an hour is to be missed.
It's three full nights till this morning.
High God, have you seen my elixir?
It's right here.
That's good.
Please hand this elixir over to Qian Qian for me.
However, please don't tell her that it's from me.
I can give it to her.
But you have to tell me where you get it.
My senior gave me an elixir for mastering my training.
A few days ago, Heavenly Lord sent me to Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea
to eliminate all divine fungal grass.
I kept a few blades to make an elixir combined with the elixir from my senior.
High God Mo Yuan can have it.
You went to Yingzhou for the divine fungal grass?
Fox King came back with injuries all over him.
It's no wonder that you lost an arm.
I wouldn't have lost my arm
but the Ghost Lord Li Jing and his wife were also in the cave.
The beast bit my arm off when I was trying to save them.
Ghost Lord is after that grass as well?
You saved him in the cave?
That was quite unexpected.
That aside, you just told me not to tell Qian Qian.
Since this elixir was given by Lord of Numinous Treasures
why can't you tell Qian Qian?
She should thank you.
You should know that Qian Qian doesn't like to owe any favors.
If she knows that the elixir is from me
she wouldn't be able to accept it happily and focus on the treatment.
High God, you just have to say that you attained the divine fungal grass
and used your cultivation to create the elixir.
Qian Qian is keen on saving Mo Yuan so she won't question it.
All right, I'll agree to it.
I won't be staying.
I still have to report back to the Celestial Palace.
Crown Prince.
Have you ever thought that once Mo Yuan's spirit returns to his body
the seal of the Bell of East Emperor will break once he wakes up?
What will happen to all lives in the realms?
If Qing Cang is to kill all lives in the realms
someone who can subdue him will surely appear.
70,000 years ago Mo Yuan sealed him up with his spirit.
300 years ago Qian Qian risked her life to do it again.
Someone will also do it in the future.
Your Highness.
Let's go.
- Yes. - Yes.
Why are you pulling me away?
I just want to tell him that Qian Qian's feelings for him are real
so that they could bare their heart to each other soon.
Flowers bloom and wither.
Everyone answers to their own actions.
This isn't something we can manipulate.
Crown Prince.
Jia Yun.
Present.
Go to Cheng Yu.
Tell her to take A-Li with her
to the assembly at Sacred Mountain for a few days.
Just say that the sugar cane in Sacred Mountain is delicious.
Take A-Li there to have some fun.
Sugar cane?
Do it now.
Yes.
Tian Shu.
Present.
Report back to the Grand Hall for me.
Just say that I've destroyed all the divine fungal grass
killed the four mythical beasts, and sunk Yingzhou Island.
However, I've also used up all of my cultivation doing so.
What?
Your energy...
Bear this in mind.
Do not mention that I've been to Ten-mile...
Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods...
Your Highness...
Father really agreed to this?
Yes, Little Prince.
His Highness said that the sugar cane on Sacred Mountain is the most delicious.
Little Prince can enjoy sugar cane and have fun for a few days.
Is Father celebrating some occasion?
Why would he suddenly be so lenient and allow me to go out to play alone?
What other happy occasion could it be?
It must be that your mother is finally going to marry your father.
You're right!
The other day Third Great-uncle said that my mother will soon marry my father.
Are you happy for me?
Definitely! I'm happy for you.
Little Prince, should we get going?
Speak up!
What went wrong?
Crown Prince went to Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea alone.
Not only did he kill the four mythical beasts
but he sank Yingzhou and destroyed the divine fungal grass.
It's also because of that he has now used up all of his energy.
What?
Silly child.
Why would you go and destroy some divine fungal grass for nothing?
You've now brought such calamity upon yourself.
Where is Xiao Jiu?
Emissary.
You're finally awake.
What happened?
You've been asleep for so long.
High God Zhe Yan has been waiting for you in the main hall for two days.
I've been asleep that long?
Zhe Yan!
Seeing how you are now I suppose Mo Yuan's soul is repaired.
A few days ago, I had this elixir created
so I've brought it here for you since you might be in need for it.
This is...
You used your powers to create this elixir?
You actually knew that I planned to transfer my power to my mentor?
Are you all right?
Are you hurt by the four mystical beasts
when you retrieved the divine fungal grass?
When my father went to retrieve it, he was injured.
You're actually going to transfer power to Mo Yuan?
I hadn't thought of that.
I only had the elixir created and brought it here to you.
You had singlehandedly sealed Qing Cang up and used up most of your powers.
If you transfer your energy to Mo Yuan and leave but a bit for yourself
it might be hard to call yourself a High God.
Heavenly Father raised me and I never had the chance to repay him.
I should at least offer some help.
However your friendship might be with my mentor
I should still bow to you for this elixir.
That's not necessary.
I have to go now.
When Die Yong feels better get him to take this elixir.
However, he's too frail.
I wonder if he can withstand the effect of this elixir.
You'd better stay by his side to look after him.
I understand.
What brought High God here?
Auntie hasn't returned yet.
No, I've just visited her in West Sea.
Are you here to see Fourth Uncle then?
Isn't he in the Peach Tree Woods?
I'm here to see you.
You're here to see me?
I need you to take a trip to the Ghost Realm.
The Ghost Realm?
High God, you're not joking with me?
Do I look that bored to you?
Die Yong, this elixir is created with thousands of years of cultivation.
There's the divine fungal grass in it.
But we're worried that it could be too strong.
You should gather your power around your heart to protect it.
I've been ill for 600 years.
What medicine haven't I taken?
Don't worry.
I'm not that fragile.
Mother, don't be so nervous.
I already feel much better these days.
After I overcome this last obstacle I might be totally cured.
Die Yong...
Die Yong!
Yong'er...
This is...
Emissary, didn't you say that the final treatment is the most crucial one?
Look at this. What are we to do now?
Don't worry.
High God Zhe Yan already reminded me of this possible reaction.
This is because the prince has been ill for hundreds of years
so his body became very frail.
He can't withstand such a strong elixir.
It's normal that he passed out.
Mother, don't worry.
High God Zhe Yan is renown in the four seas for his medical skills.
Die Yong will wake up in no time.
Why are you out here alone staring like that?
I'm scared.
You're scared?
Of what?
I'm scared that it might all be for nothing.
I'm scared that Master won't return.
Ever since you disappeared with Master
I've been searching for you. For 70,000 years.
Not once have I stopped searching for you.
Seventeenth, listen.
It's already my biggest blessing to have met you in West Sea.
As for Master, he's finally going to take over Kunlun Mountain again
to be worshiped by all the deities.
Zi Lan, you already followed her all the way here.
Now that she's safe and sound you should stop following her.
I'm one step away from the Ghost Realm.
We're still on the celestial grounds.
Don't take another step forward.
Don't...
Don't go any further.
Second Senior.
Zi Lan?
Brat! You finally returned.
I'm a few days late.
By the way, you tricked me into feeding your red-crowned crane
while you went searching for Seventeenth in the Mortal Realm alone.
Where's Seventeenth?
I didn't find him.
If I had, would I return like this?
I'd surely make a fuss about it and inform all realms.
Second Senior, on the way back here I heard that Qing Qiu has announced
the coming of age of Bai Feng Jiu.
They are seeking marriage proposals.
Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu?
Her aunt is the future Heavenly Empress.
Who would dare marry her?
Even if you dare she might not want to marry you.
Why don't you marry her then?
I wouldn't dare...
Second Senior, sweep the floor quickly.
I'll go tidy things up.
Brother Li Jing.
As a princess I don't need my lifetime's cultivation.
However, you're the Ghost Lord.
You need to protect your people.
This child is after all your flesh and blood.
Since the Crown Prince gave us the divine fungal grass
I'll try to use my life's energy to see if I can revive him.
Yan Zhi.
Transferring energy can only be done by the Celestial Tribe.
If you go against the divine rules do you know what the consequences are?
This is your only child.
He's also my nephew.
How could I not even give it a try?
Brother Li Jing, trust me.
I will revive him.
My Lord, someone from Qing Qiu is here to see you.
Qing Qiu?
Is it a woman?
My Lord, it's a man.
A man?
- Let him in. - Yes.
Queen Bai Qian of Qing Qiu's minor deity Mi Gu greets the Ghost Lord.
I wonder why your auntie sent you here?
My auntie didn't send me.
It's High God Zhe Yan.
High God Zhe Yan?
I've long heard of his name, but not yet the honor of meeting him.
I wonder what message he has for me?
High God said that since Lord Ye Hua saved you in Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea
you should repay his kindness.
Repay him?
Exactly. Repay his favor.
Zhe Yan was right.
This eldest prince couldn't withstand the power of the elixir.
This won't do.
I have to head back to the woods to ask that old phoenix
how to bring that Die Yong out of coma again.
Emissary, someone who claims to be from Qing Qiu asked to see you.
Qing Qiu?
Auntie!
Mi Gu?
What are you doing here?
I'm here to deliver this to you.
Soul jade?
Why would you have it?
A few days ago High God Zhe Yan came to see me.
He sent me to the Ghost Realm's Grand Ziming Palace
to ask the Ghost Lord for this soul jade.
Zhe Yan?
Why would Zhe Yan send you to the Ghost Realm to retrieve this for me?
How did he know that Li Jing would hand it over to you to bring to West Sea?
High God only said that you have nothing to worry about.
He knows that you dislike owing favors
so this soul jade isn't given to you as a favor.
A few days ago, the Ghost Lord was rescued by the Crown Prince.
Auntie is the Crown Prince's future wife
so it's only right that he repays the favor to Qing Qiu.
When did Ye Hua rescue Li Jing?
I don't know about that.
I'm just following High God's orders to pass this message on to you.
Forget it. I won't get an answer out of you anyway.
Once this prince wakes up I'll go and ask Zhe Yan about it.
By the way, Auntie!
There's one more message!
High God Zhe Yan said that the powers on elixir are too strong
so the prince might not withstand it.
If the prince is not to be engulfed by the celestial aura
you must place this soul jade on him.
In three days, he will wake up.
You didn't tell me the most important part until last!
It took you so long to blabber that much nonsense.
You almost cost me a great deal.
Forget it. I'd better ask Zhe Yan about Ye Hua myself.
Leave now.
Judging by what Zhe Yan said you could really make it back.
When did Ye Hua rescue Li Jing?
