My dear!
My dear!
I never want to see you again!
My dear, don't leave! My dear!
Fourth Brother, I know what you're going to say.
I think that the Heavenly Lord punished her too harshly.
It might be because of Ye Hua...
Anyway, whatever she owed me, she has paid the price for it.
She now has nothing to do with me.
Fourth Brother.
You've brought me here especially to look at her?
Since you say so, it is so.
We've been walking for quite some time.
I'm tired. Let's go and have some tea.
A pot of tea, please!
Sure!
Sir and Madam...
Si Yin?
Yan Zhi?
We haven't seen each other in 70,000 years.
Stay and chat.
I'll go and take a look around.
You're right.
We haven't talked since that battle at Ruoshui Riverbank.
Thank you for being willing to speak to me.
Si Yin.
When I met you, you were Si Yin.
So... can I just call you that?
Sure.
Si Yin, when I saw you just now
it made me remember those days when we were young.
You and I were still messing around in Grand Ziming Palace.
My Brother Li Jing was still alive then...
Mother, this auntie is so pretty.
You're also pretty.
Mother!
Mother, do you not want A-Li anymore?
How could I not want A-Li?
I've been thinking of my dear Little Riceball for the past three years.
Why didn't Mother visit me in the Celestial Palace?
I've been asleep for the past three years.
I didn't wake up.
I didn't wake up from my dreams until yesterday.
I'd wanted to take a stroll in the Mortal Realm
and then visit you in the Celestial Palace.
Who knew that you'd sneak out here?
When I went past here above the clouds
I noticed an auspicious aura of a high god around here.
I wanted to take a look to see which high god it was.
Then I saw Mother down here.
A-Li!
A-Li greets Uncle Zhen.
You're so polite Imperial Great-grandson!
- Tian Shu greets both high gods! - Jia Yun greets both high gods!
Where are you taking little A-Li?
You can't tell me?
What is there not to tell?
Mother, I'm going to visit Father at the Sea of Innocence.
Will you come with me?
The Sea of Innocence?
- Greetings to Heavenly Lord. - Zhi Yue greets Heavenly Lord.
Get up.
- Thank you, Heavenly Lord! - Thank you, Heavenly Lord!
Several years ago, I wronged you unjustly.
You ended up enduring a heavenly trial for 60 years.
Yuan Zhen, tell me.
How would you like me to make it up to you?
Heavenly Lord, I don't regard those 60 years as suffering.
Therefore, I wouldn't ask for any compensation.
You're a dummy!
How presumptuous.
It's all right.
I always reward and punish just as fairly.
Go ahead and tell me.
It's just that she's ranked so high up
that I don't dare to request a visit at Qing Qiu.
Why are you dumb?
You had to say what shouldn't be said.
You can't mention the name Bai Qian in here.
Don't you know that?
It's been three years since Ye Hua passed away.
There's nothing that can't be said.
Yuan Zhen.
Tell me.
Why do you wish to visit High God Bai Qian in Qing Qiu?
She was my mentor when I was in the Mortal Realm.
Once a mentor, always a mentor.
I wish to greet her and thank her for looking after me in the Mortal Realm.
I believe High God Bai Qian would be very touched by your words.
However, we should discuss this matter some other time.
The Crown Prince sacrificed his spirit to the Bell of East Emperor at a young age.
Didn't I already remind you?
Didn't I tell you that in the Nine Heavens
you're not to mention the deceased Crown Prince, or his fiancee?
I don't understand.
Why can't we talk about them?
Tell me what you know about them first.
Don't keep touching me.
You might be the Crown Prince's cousin
but it's still inappropriate for men and women to touch.
Goodness...
- By the way, on you... - What are you doing?
Do you have any treasures on you?
What do you want with it?
I owe a deity friend some money, so I have to pay her back.
I don't believe you.
You're always fooling me.
Not once have you told the truth.
You're always carrying this Cloud Clearing Fan around.
You treat it like some treasure.
I'm going to steal it away just to spite you!
Mother, who was that lady?
That lady the Queen of Qing Qiu.
High God Bai Qian.
I see.
It's going to rain soon.
We should tidy up and head home.
Good girl.
Mother misses Father again?
I miss your father at all times.
I remember that your father went alone to slay the four mythical beasts
left behind by the Heavenly Father, and sank Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea.
He was so valiant that none was a match for him.
Father was once the son of the Heavenly Father.
He's definitely invincible.
Now that I think about it, I've been really fortunate.
The Heavenly Father had two sons.
One is my mentor and the other, my husband.
Since then, I no longer have eyes for any other men.
Seventeenth, you're really not ashamed to brag about yourself.
I've really been very lonely for the past three years.
Finally, someone has come to visit me today.
Let's go.
That is the Crown Prince's basalt crystal coffin.
I know.
His parents took him away from Qing Qiu in this basalt crystal coffin.
Father, I've been unfilial.
It took me three years to visit you in the Sea of Innocence.
I've been locked away in Xiwu Palace to study every day for the past three years.
Grandmother kept an eye on me and wouldn't let me leave...
Father... I miss you...
Now that you're sleeping in here, you finally have some rest.
You don't have endless reports to read, or conquests to make at any time...
Here.
Ye Hua...
A-Li.
Mother, I have to return to the Celestial Palace now.
I'll surely visit you in Qing Qiu next month on your birthday.
A-Li, if there are too many books to study, just leave some out.
I just want you to be happy.
I don't expect you to become the next Heavenly Lord.
A-Li is the first born of the Nine Heaven's Crown Prince Ye Hua.
I mustn't slack on my studies.
Although I'm nowhere as smart as Father was
I must be just as diligent in studies as Father once was.
You really are Ye Hua's son.
You don't take after me at all.
Fourth Brother.
I watched a play the other day and felt like watching a few more.
Why don't you head back to the Peach Tree Woods first?
I'll watch some more plays.
All right.
You'd better not watch so many that you lose track of time.
Heavenly Lord.
Since this morning
the basalt crystal coffin that encased the Crown Prince
is suddenly swarmed over by celestial blessings.
No one can get close to it.
I rushed over to report it to you.
Ye Hua's spirit was already vanquished.
Why would it be protected by such powerful celestial blessings?
Perhaps...
Ye Hua isn't dead.
Ye Hua...
Ye Hua has returned?
The junior family members are to be dismissed now.
Not a word about this is to be said.
- Yes! - Yes!
Could High Immortal Zi Lan invite High God Mo Yuan over
to take a look personally in the Sea of Innocence?
I'll head back to Kunlun Mountain to invite Master over.
Ye Hua...
If it weren't for this basalt crystal coffin and the Sea of Innocence
Seventeenth might have to wait a few more years for you.
Mo Yuan...
High God Mo Yuan...
Seek out Seventeenth.
She's been waiting three years for you.
The cenotaph she made for you is in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
Thank you...
Brother.
- Great! - Well done!
Upstairs, please.
You really are here!
You came especially to look for me?
Yes! It's rare to find a friend who likes to watch plays like I do.
Why is the play still so tragic?
Life never turns out the way you want.
This play isn't that tragic, comparatively.
But whenever I watch this play, I can't help but think
of my highly talented cousin who died young!
You had a cousin?
Yes, my cousin was very handsome.
All the women of Heaven and Earth couldn't walk away after seeing him.
All they could think about was marrying him.
Sadly, his life was cut short.
He died young on the battlefield, and left behind bereft parents
as well as a young son who cries all day in sorrow.
How sad.
The worst is always when the children pass away before their parents do.
It's sad for your cousin, but even more so for his parents.
The son he left behind is the most pitiful one.
Three years ago, our entire tribe thought all that was left was my cousin's corpse
and his spirit had been vanquished.
They made him a basalt crystal coffin and sunk him into a sea.
I went to visit him then, and it all seemed normal.
Who knew that yesterday in that sea where his coffin lay
the waters were greatly disturbed.
They said that the disturbance was caused by
the celestial blessings around the coffin.
Isn't that strange?
My cousin's spirit was long vanquished.
How could his body still be protected by such powerful celestial blessings?
Anyway, my parents said that perhaps my cousin isn't dead.
- Great! - Well done!
What's the matter with you?
Continue with your story.
If he isn't dead, that poor little A-Li wouldn't have to cry all day.
Is that sea the Sea of Innocence?
Your cousin...
Is he the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe, Ye Hua?
You... How did you know?
Have I given away a secret?
You mustn't tell anyone!
If my parents learn of this, I won't have the money to watch plays.
- Well done! - Great!
I finally managed to steal the Cloud Clearing Fan to pay for that pearl!
Wasn't that High God Bai Qian?
I thought I was seeing things.
- High God! - Where is His Highness? Where is he?
His Highness?
Isn't he already buried in the Sea of Innocence?
Master!
Master!
Where is Ye Hua?
I knew that you'd come here.
Where is Ye Hua?
Fret not.
I'm here to talk to you about this matter.
Heavenly Father used half of his powers
to create the celestial fetus into a golden lotus.
Since then, those powers have been hidden in his spirit.
Three years ago, Ye Hua slayed the four beasts of Yingzhou
and attained the other half of Heavenly Father's powers from them.
I believe that Ye Hua must have used all of Heavenly Father's powers
to curb the destructive energy from the Bell of East Emperor.
His own spirit was wounded from the collision of those two powers
so it triggered his body to sink into a cycle of slumber.
Ye Hua?
He would have slept for decades.
However, the basalt crystal coffin is a great artifact.
The Sea of Innocence might be a burial place for the Celestial Tribe
but it's also a sacred place for recuperation.
That was why Ye Hua could wake up in just three years.
Qian Qian...
Come here.
Ye Hua!
Don't cry.
Look at me.
Am I not standing before you safe and sound?
What brings you here?
I've brought her here to greet her savior.
Quickly!
Bow to High Immortal Zi Lan for saving your life.
High Immortal, thank you for saving my life.
Get up quickly!
She... Isn't the child a boy?
I kept hearing Xuan Nu call the child her son.
I thought...
No, the child is a girl.
Perhaps, Xuan Nu wanted a son too badly
to inherit Brother Li Jing's throne as the Ghost Lord
so she called her a son.
Xuan Nu lived her entire life fooling herself and others.
You...
Have you been in Kunlun Mountain all these years?
Yes, I've been here all this time.
I never left.
I heard that your mentor returned.
Did he ever blame you for making an elixir for the Ghost Tribe?
No.
Did your seniors ever pick on you for helping me with the elixir?
Not once.
Then I can set my mind at ease.
Farewell.
Hold on!
This is, after all, Kunlun Mountain.
Don't ever come here again.
Don't come looking for me either.
All right.
Farewell.
Master has returned?
Zi Lan just rushed back here to say that the Crown Prince is waking up?
He is already awake.
That's wonderful!
Seventeenth can finally be married!
Play it well.
Your father already told me that you have to finish seven rounds of chess with me
before you can go looking for him.
How could I possibly defeat High God Zhe Yan?
It's all right. I'll let you win.
Your father surely places... his wife before his son.
Let's not play chess anymore...
How about this?
I'll tell you stories about your mother when she was little
or the tales of your parents' love-hate relationship?
When did my parents ever have a love-hate relationship?
There's only sweet love.
All right...
In all Four Seas and the Eight Far Lands
your parents are the most deeply in love.
I'll tell you about stories about your mother when she was little then?
Zhen.
Where should we start?
Let's start from that year when she went traveling across the four seas with me
at 20,000 years old and created havoc in the realms?
That's a long enough story to tell until Riceball's baby brother is born.
When your mother was little, she was very naughty.
She got into trouble every day, and often took things from others.
She would take things from others and forget to return them.
Your mother...
Ye Hua.
For the past three years, I often saw you in my dreams.
Gradually, I couldn't make out the dream from reality.
In my dreams, you often spoke to me and played chess with me.
I told my Fourth Brother that it's best when I dream of you.
Whenever I fell asleep, I could see you.
That was why for the past three years, I was often very sleepy.
I'd sleep from dawn until dusk and then get a sip of water
before sleeping all the way until the next afternoon.
Now... This is not a dream.
Ye Hua...
Tell me.
This isn't a dream, is it?
It isn't.
Qian Qian.
In the previous life, we first met in Mount Junji of the Far East.
You mistook me for a small black snake.
You kept me as a pet and even fed me raw meat.
Then I approached you in the name of repaying your kindness
but you had me marry you.
Later, we just went ahead and held a wedding ritual.
We became husband and wife.
That was the first time, I ever felt truly happy.
Not long afterwards you were forced into the Celestial Palace
and eventually jumped off the Zhuxian Terrace.
If it hadn't been for A-Li
I really didn't know how I could have survived.
Fortunately 300 years later...
I met you again.
I remember seeing you in the Crystal Palace.
I watched you as you preached to Uncle Sang Ji's wife.
You had a fan in your right hand and
strummed the table with your left like you always did.
The way you preached at her
and that scar on your wrist from the crimson hellfire...
I was certain that...
Whether you're Su Su or Qian Qian, you are just you.
See?
I remember it so clearly.
Would I be able to do so in your dreams?
That's why this isn't a dream.
This isn't a dream.
What you just said was what we went through.
How can you remember it so clearly?
I still remember what I first said to you in the Crystal Palace.
I can't remember it very clearly.
Ye Hua failed to recognize that
you were actually High God Bai Qian of Qing Qiu!
