You may all go.
- Yes. - Yes.
You've woken up?
Do you know how long you've been sleeping?
Ten whole days, and over an hour.
I slept for ten days?
That's right.
Leave us.
You drank all the wine in the palace.
Luckily, I was with you
and fed you the anti-hangover medicine that only Grand Ziming Palace has.
Otherwise, the consequences would have been too horrible to contemplate.
In the ten days I've been asleep, how has Ninth Disciple been?
He...
flung himself into a pillar three times
slit his wrists twice
and I think he's also thrown himself into the lake twice.
I heard he's recently started to refuse to eat.
What did you say?
What is so bad about my father?
He is the Ghost Lord who dominates the world.
Why does he not appeal to your fellow disciple?
Of course.
Taking someone as a father is no trivial matter.
Can you take me to see Ninth Disciple?
What's the rush? Let me finish.
The adoption ceremony is set for the third day of next month.
Whether or not your Ninth Disciple agrees
the invitations have already been sent out.
Adoption?
That means before the ceremony, nobody can see him.
- Not even you? - Of course I can.
But you can't.
Li Jing.
Preposterous!
You dare to touch Father's people?
Why not?
Even if you were to die somewhere one day
I wouldn't care.
But you cannot have this person.
He is but an immortal.
He is nothing but bait.
If you want to coerce Mo Yuan, Ling Yu is enough.
Leave this one for me.
If it weren't because Father took pity on your mother
he would already have driven you out of the palace.
Now you're having a good time fooling around.
Fooling around?
I say he is clearly a female disciple that Mo Yuan is hiding in Kunlun Mountain
disguised as a man.
Brother, you do not need to criticize me so.
The more I fool around, the more delighted you are.
Isn't that so?
Very well.
Very well.
Go and have fun.
When we break off our alliance with the Celestial Tribe...
I'll see what you will do then.
Beautiful woman.
You are a woman, aren't you?
I have actually already seen through your male disguise enchantment.
Tell me. Are you a woman?
Could he really have seen through my magic?
You... Don't you speak such nonsense.
Tell the truth.
You can really see?
The people at Kunlun Mountain didn't see through it.
All right, so it's clear now.
You really are a woman.
The truth was so easily shaken out of you.
Why are you disguised as a man here at Grand Ziming Palace?
Are you afraid my father will force you into his harem?
Do not worry.
My father is using you two to lure Mo Yuan here.
However, your fellow disciple is quite stubborn.
He wasn't as comfortable as you, asleep for ten days.
I heard he has recently taken up the idea of killing himself.
Is what you're saying the truth?
The invitations have already been sent out.
It is all to humiliate Kunlun Mountain.
If Mo Yuan comes and rescues you two, things would still be manageable.
If even Mo Yuan cannot save you two...
I'm afraid you and your fellow disciple
will have your skin torn off and tendons pulled out
to taunt the Celestial Tribe.
There is nobody in this world who can defeat my master.
You have such confidence?
My master is the God of War.
All right, all right.
Your master is most formidable.
However, in my opinion
it's best not to wage war.
After all, when both tribes break into war
the world will be plunged into misery and suffering.
How about this? Wait quietly for a few days.
I have already made arrangements.
You'll be sent out of the palace on the third of next month. How is that?
You're helping me escape?
You don't trust me?
Why are you helping me?
I find I get along well with you.
Even if you don't take me as a friend, I will take you as a friend.
All right, regardless of how Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe end up
since fate brought us together, we will be friends.
Sit down.
Write down what you want to say to your fellow disciple.
I will bring it to him tonight so he can be reassured.
All right.
By the way, there is something I want to ask you.
My sister, Yan Zhi, has taken a liking to you.
Why don't I send her away with you?
You can help me take care of her for the rest of her life. How is that?
I am also a woman.
Don't make such a joke.
Then tell me how to explain to her that you are also a woman.
Don't tell her.
All right. Since you are a woman, I won't lead my sister amiss either.
Write.
I am the second prince of Ghost Realm.
This is a letter from your fellow disciple.
Si Yin?
Read it quickly so I can take it away.
Your Highness, how come you suddenly took a liking to viewing the lotuses?
You come to the lotus pond several times a day.
Isn't it nice to relax once in a while?
Your Highness!
Li Jing?
Has it been arranged?
By sending out invitations far and wide and humiliating Kunlun Mountain
Father is firmly resolved to rebel.
If we let Si Yin go free, it will be difficult to see him again.
As princess of Ghost Realm, I cannot be with someone from Celestial Tribe.
Much less have the right to say what my heart wants.
You are right.
It is impossible for those of Celestial Tribe
to be with those of Grand Ziming Palace.
Master, Master! Come save us quickly!
No, no, you can't come.
If you come, you will fall for Ghost Lord's plot.
You are in Ghost Realm?
You had too much to drink again?
A-Yin, I'll tell you a secret. Do you want to hear it?
How much did you drink?
Do you want to hear it?
It seems you really do think of me as a friend. Go ahead.
A-Yin.
I like you.
You're taking off my clothes again?
Since you've tacitly consented, why must you act so shyly?
When did I tacitly consent?
You like me?
You're drunk and acting crazy.
Qing Cang actually dared to openly dishonor Kunlun Mountain.
With Mo Yuan's temper, he would never tolerate it.
It seems Qing Cang is certain to rebel.
Investigate the situation at Grand Ziming Palace in secret
especially Qing Cang's princes and princess.
Yes.
This is intolerable!
He dared to kidnap Kunlun Mountain's disciples
and send out invitations to humiliate Master!
That's right! The Ghost Realm has gone too far!
Second Disciple.
With Master in seclusion and Senior off searching in the mortal realm
only you are in a position to make decisions.
Just say the word, and all of us will storm into Ghost Realm with you
to rescue Ninth Disciple and Seventeenth Disciple.
- Yes! - Yes!
We must not act so rashly.
- Master. - Master.
All rise.
- Yes. - Yes.
Master, Ninth and Seventeenth have been captured by Qing Cang.
The Ghost Lord even spread invitations
forcing Ninth Disciple to become his godson
mocking Kunlun Mountain in such a manner.
I heard just now.
We were just discussing plans to go to Grand Ziming Palace on a rescue mission.
I alone am enough.
After all, the Ghost Tribe has yet to declare war on the Celestial Tribe.
It is inappropriate to involve so many people.
Quickly summon Die Feng back.
When I return, seal off the mountain immediately.
Nobody else is allowed to come or go from Kunlun Mountain.
- Yes. - Yes.
You...
How come I slept in your bed?
You had too much to drink last night.
You came over here in the middle of the night
and said you like me.
What did you say?
I really do think of you as a friend.
Those from Ghost Tribe cannot be with those of Celestial Tribe.
Yes, it was not intentional on your part.
You...
What is the meaning of this?
Your demeanor is clearly saying I took advantage of you.
You nearly tore off my clothes last night.
That's a lie!
You've nearly torn off my clothes twice now.
You're saying I'm lying?
I really took them off?
Immortal.
Your Highness.
Have you seen my Second Brother?
Second Prince?
He was drunk last night.
He slept in my room for the night.
And then?
And then...
And then he left.
The past few days, Li Jing and I have made arrangements to send you two away.
Thank you, Your Highness.
There's no need to thank me.
We of Ghost Tribe have always done things for our own purposes.
Never mind. Take your time enjoying the view.
It's a shame I am also a woman.
What can I do to not let down your heartfelt affections?
What is wrong with me?
Have I really fallen for her?
Master.
Master!
I knew you would come to rescue us!
Are you all right?
We will take revenge on another day.
Let's save Ninth Disciple first.
Master.
- Master. - Ninth!
- Ninth! - I have been unfilial.
I have caused trouble for you.
You are my disciple. There is no need to say such words.
Let's go quickly.
Who dares trespass into Grand Ziming Palace?
Attack!
Master, let's go!
Report to Father immediately.
- Yes. - Yes.
Mo Yuan.
I truly cannot believe
you would violate the treaty between our two tribes for your two disciples
and slaughter my men at Grand Ziming Palace.
Qing Cang, how can you call yourself the lord of Ghost Realm?
This is nothing but an ambush.
You went so far as to use such despicable means
as kidnapping my disciples.
If what you want is a duel, then let's fight.
That's exactly what I want.
Li Jing!
Run! He has the Bell of East Emperor!
Master.
The heavenly trial!
Let's go.
Scum!
Kill me.
Do you think I won't kill you?
Of course I know you want to kill me.
And naturally, I also know why you won't kill me.
Treacherous spawn.
Don't you forget who gave you the utmost glory and splendor!
Guards!
Lock up this treacherous spawn.
Without my permission, nobody is to let him out!
- Yes. - Yes.
- Master! - Master!
- Seal the mountain. - Yes.
Zi Lan, here.
Everybody else come with me!
- Yes! - Yes!
Master.
Master!
Master! Let me out, Master!
Master, let me out!
Master!
Master!
I should be the one suffering these lightning bolts! Master!
Let me out!
Let me out!
Master!
Master! Master!
This is my heavenly trial, Master!
Master.
Master! Master!
- Master! - Seventeenth, you're awake?
Master!
Master has gone into seclusion.
- Master. - Come.
Master has gone into seclusion?
Here.
Master endured three lightning bolts for you yesterday.
Seventeenth, you should study and develop your skills properly from now on.
It wouldn't be right to have Master face
another trial for you for your next ascension.
Lightning bolts...
How is Master right now?
Before Master went to Ghost Realm to save you two
he'd already ordered us to seal the mountain.
I had thought something had happened.
It seems Master was already prepared to endure lightning bolts for you
but afraid Ghost Tribe would seek revenge
and we'd be no match for them with him in seclusion.
Seventeenth! Seventeenth! Where are you going?
Master, are you heavily injured?
Master, I have been unfilial. I have caused you harm.
I've learned from you for 20,000 years
but I can't even predict the day of my heavenly trial.
Master, come out soon!
I'll stew myself in a soup for you.
Master.
His injuries are severe.
If you keep crying like this
his spiritual balance will be thrown into disorder.
What a dumb fox.
Greetings, Princess.
Have you seen Second Prince?
Second Prince has been imprisoned.
Why?
Because of the two Celestials.
Second Prince.
Second Brother, why don't you hide out in the mortal realm for now?
Come back when Father's anger has dissipated.
All right.
I will wander about at leisure. You do not need to worry about me.
As for you, make sure not to admit that you freed me.
Second Brother, don't worry.
Even if Father found out, he wouldn't do anything to me.
Oh, yes.
If you see Si Yin, send him my regards.
Second Prince, are we going to the Yijing Gardens that we frequent?
No.
We are going to Kunlun Mountain.
Kunlun Mountain?
That is Celestial Tribe's sacred land!
Seventeenth.
I have never seen you so diligent in the past 20,000 years.
Now that the heavenly trial is past, you know to work on self-cultivation.
You came at the right time, Senior.
I have something to ask you.
Look here.
When the East Emperor is brought forth, all shall perish
and destruction will devour the world.
Is it saying the Bell of East Emperor is a top magical artifact
and one of the finest weapons?
It was created by Master and is one of the godly weapons of the Celestial Realm?
Seventeenth, if you were so diligent before
you wouldn't have needed Master to suffer the trial for you.
Run! He has the Bell of East Emperor!
Senior, there is a guest here for Si Yin.
I am Bai Zhen, fourth son of Fox King of Qing Qiu.
Fourth Brother!
Fourth Brother.
This is wonderful!
I had been with Zhe Yan and the others ever since I was young
so I have gotten used to calling him Fourth Brother.
Fourth Brother, this is Mo Yuan's senior disciple
Water King of West Sea's second son, Die Feng.
The environment at Kunlun Mountain is indeed very nice.
No wonder Zhe Yan wanted to send you here to learn.
Look at how our little Si Yin has grown.
He looks like an elegant and outstanding high immortal now.
Why are you crying?
It's all my fault.
I had Master suffer the heavenly trial for me.
No wonder your aura feels different.
You have actually ascended.
Your master really does treat you very well.
Not many can withstand a heavenly trial.
You are family. I'll let you two talk. I'll have the kitchen cook more today.
No need to go to that trouble.
I am just passing by and paying a visit to Si Yin who has gone through a trial.
I won't be staying long.
All the more reason for me to take my leave. Enjoy your time.
Fourth Brother, come.
You just got here and you already need to leave. Why are you in such a hurry?
It has to do with the Ghost Realm.
Qing Cang?
Yes, it is because of Qing Cang.
Speaking of which, why didn't you stay at Kunlun Mountain?
What did you go to Ghost Realm for?
I heard Second Sister-in-law was about to give birth.
I wanted to take a look.
You, honestly.
You sure are the Fox King's youngest daughter.
Just a quick trip out and you've caused great chaos.
Because of Mo Yuan and Qing Cang's duel at Grand Ziming Palace
Heavenly Lord has been very concerned and has summoned Zhe Yan
to discuss how to subdue Ghost Realm.
I came along to visit you here.
Are they going to subdue Ghost Realm?
Is Qing Cang really raising an armed rebellion?
It is just a matter of time.
You are Mo Yuan's most junior disciple.
You probably won't be in any position to step onto the battlefield.
Once my master, always my mentor.
If Master is really going to lead an army to war
I definitely will not run from it.
On the day Heavenly Father's spirit returned to chaos
I had the weapon, Fuxi Zither, sealed under Kunlun Mountain.
Even if I have the mind to lend my assistance in this war
I'm afraid I would be powerless to kill the enemy.
I understand.
Go to Kunlun Mountain.
Yes.
On the day Qing Cang is defeated
I will send someone to deliver the peach blossom wine I brew myself
to congratulate you.
Thank you, Zhe Yan.
Farewell.
Most of the ancient gods have withered away.
Only a few able ones are left who now shun the world.
Yet, they cannot be used.
If you want to handle a moment of danger, Mo Yuan is sufficiently capable.
However, if you want to preserve the continued peace of the world
why don't you instead choose a new and obedient Ghost Lord
and choose the right time to replace Qing Cang?
Do you have a choice in mind, Dijun?
Heavenly Lord.
Ghost Realm's eldest prince, Li Yuan, views Celestial Tribe with animosity.
Second prince, Li Jing, has not amounted to anything
losing himself in women all day.
The rumor is that in order to strengthen his own power
the eldest prince has been bullying the second prince.
There is discord between father and son, and fighting among henchmen.
That is the current situation in Grand Ziming Palace.
Father, what Dijun just said was right.
If we choose the right moment
and help Li Jing into power as Ghost Lord
it is indeed a way to ensure long-lasting peace.
Yes.
The less accomplished he is, the easier to control.
Fifth Sister, I'll be leaving now.
Fourth Brother, what is the name of my little niece?
Feng Jiu, Bai Feng Jiu.
Feng Jiu?
Like the flight of a phoenix for nine days.
It sounds like a magnificent name.
Your interpretation is quite nice.
I just wonder if such a name will negatively affect her marriage.
Has Mother divined her future?
She was just born. Why are you worried about her marriage?
Our Bai family should be most worried about you.
Quickly finish your studies and return home so we can find you a husband
so Mother won't nag at me all the time to find a wife.
You go get married first.
You always use me to misdirect them.
All right, I really have to go now.
Fifth Sister, remember this.
As a disciple of Kunlun Mountain
if you want to follow Mo Yuan into battle
we would be in no position to oppose.
Mother and Father absolutely wouldn't stop you.
It would be your obligation as a disciple.
However, you need to remember you also have four older brothers.
No matter what happens, don't try to face it by yourself.
I know.
A-Yin, I have come.
I've heard the divine energy at Kunlun Mountain
is most incompatible with our physiques.
I'm afraid...
I'm afraid your life essence will be harmed by the divine energy.
Is it that powerful?
I would like to see for myself.
Your Highness!
You have followed me since you were a child.
Have you ever seen me so serious about anyone else?
I just want to see her.
Wait for me at the foot of the mountain.
Don't follow me.
Who trespasses on Kunlun Mountain?
Thank you for your assistance.
I am looking for A-Yin.
Seventeenth?
Who are you?
A-Yin calls me Brother.
Brother?
All right, you wouldn't dare lie at Kunlun Mountain anyway.
Follow me.
Wait.
What are you doing?
When on Celestial Tribe's sacred land
it would be inappropriate to be so unkempt.
That would be disrespectful to God Mo Yuan.
That sounds appropriate. Follow me.
Second Prince?
A-Yin!
Thank you for helping me escape from Grand Ziming Palace that day.
Did your father give you a hard time for that?
How come your face is injured?
I am fine.
A-Yin, I understand now.
I came to see you so we can be with each other.
What did you say?
I am willing to give up my status and identity.
I only ask to be able to be by your side.
But...
But I am a disciple of Kunlun Mountain.
I saw you seemed to get along well with your wives in Qin Hall.
You aren't lacking in women.
I knew it.
I knew I would frighten you.
But listen to me.
Ever since you left Grand Ziming Palace
from the day Father had me imprisoned in the dungeons
I thought of you day and night.
I know my heart will not have another from now on.
