Anyway, I won't leave you before you meet your destined calamity.
Who told you that I'm going to meet my destined calamity?
Are you not?
Look at me.
Do I look like I'd die soon?
You... You don't.
I don't care who told me about it.
You're going to meet your calamity soon.
Before that happens, I'll never leave you, no matter what.
I'll stay by your side every day.
I won't waste a minute on anyone else.
I'll cook you anything you wish to eat.
I'll go wherever you wish to go.
Your father is here.
It won't chang anything even if my father is here.
I won't listen to anyone!
Lord Dong Hua.
What brings High God Bai Yi to the Nine Heavens so suddenly?
I'm here to discuss my sister's wedding.
That's right.
The marriage between the Celestial Tribe
and Nine-tailed Fox Clan is an important matter.
I'd better not keep you from it.
I'll take my leave.
Father...
You still know that you have a father?
Father, no matter how hard you beat me up this time
I must stay here in the Nine Heavens to keep Lord Dong Hua company.
You really can't give him up?
I can't.
Are you thinking about that time when I took you to the mountain?
During the 20,000 years I'd trained in Kunlun Mountain
we always kept a low profile.
It's only been 70,000 years, and we now keep such a high profile?
They are just in awe.
Once they heard that High God Mo Yuan had returned
they came immediately to worship him.
Kunlun Mountain is formed by a protruding dragon's bone.
Perhaps it's detected that Mo Yuan will soon return
so it's welcoming him back with the divine energy
and hence attracted all these little deities here.
So as not to disturb half a mountain full of little deities from their fun
we'd better go invisible.
Yes.
High God Mo Yuan!
High God Mo Yuan?
That was High God Mo Yuan in the front!
Greetings to Master!
I've kept all of you waiting.
- Master! - Master!
Zi Lan sent us news a few days ago that
the divine energy in Kunlun Mountain rose greatly
and the bell rang on for a long time.
Although we didn't know what that meant
all the disciples rushed back here overnight.
We didn't know when Master would return to Kunlun Mountain
but we all knew that you would return to Kunlun Mountain.
Then in the Eastern Sea
I learned that Master had borrowed my brother's body to nurse your spirit.
Although he took the elixir
I thought that it would at least take three months.
Yet here in the Grand Hall
we could sense your celestial aura lingering outside the entrance.
at the entrance of the mountain.
Master, you've been away for 70,000 years.
You've finally returned...
Get up now.
Get up.
Master, I have a matter to report.
Ever since Master left
Seventeenth had also disappeared for some reason unknown.
We've been searching for him all these years to no avail.
I'm afraid that he might have come to a grim end.
I didn't.
This is...
Seniors, I am Si Yin.
- This is... - Master.
This is...
Master.
- She's Seventeenth? - Seventeenth?
Master, I was the one who drugged all my seniors back then.
What?
I then took your body with me down Kunlun Mountain overnight.
I shouldn't have kept this from Master.
But 16th Senior didn't mention it just now.
He must be trying to cover it up for me.
- This is... - This is...
Seventeenth?
Seventeenth!
10th Senior did say that
Si Yin must have disguised himself and went into hiding.
All these years we've search the four seas
and all eight Far Lands for you but in vain.
We know that you were hiding from us, but little did we expect you to...
You'd even dress up as a female deity to hide from us?
This is...
Senior Zi Lan, do you really think that my face is but a disguise of a man?
Is this why you never had a bath with us?
You're actually a girl?
Exactly, she is a girl.
I was worried that you wouldn't confess to it.
When you arrived dressed as a woman, I knew what you planned to do.
I just didn't dare to say it.
Senior, you already knew but there you stood watching us like some show?
I wouldn't dare treat it as some show.
Now that Seventeenth is High God Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
nearly all deities have to address her as Auntie in the realms
I'd have to greet her formally according to our ranks.
Therefore, Sixteenth, how would I dare speak for Seventeenth?
How would I dare say a word before she does?
As long as Master is around
I'll always be Kunlun Mountain's Si Yin, and my seniors' little Seventeenth.
- Little Seventeenth! - Little Seventeenth!
Little Seventeenth, come here!
- You're so pretty! - Exactly!
Seventeenth, I didn't even realize that you're a girl all these years!
- Exactly! - That's right!
- We couldn't tell! - We didn't know!
Exactly!
I miss you all so much!
I thought that it would take Master three months to wake up.
Who knew that it would be so soon?
It's truly incredible.
Ye Hua did use up all of his cultivation to have Mo Yuan revived so quickly.
Ye Hua is a true hopeless romantic.
Fifth Sister, you're too unlucky.
You've just repaid Mo Yuan's kindness, and now you owe Ye Hua.
You fed Mo Yuan 70,000 years of blood from your heart to repay him.
How are you going to repay Ye Hua for his 40,000-year cultivation?
I think that since Ye Hua and I are going to be married anyway
a couple should be understanding and loving of one another.
It's not so important to determine what we owe each other.
Fourth Brother, what do you think?
I'll return to my room now.
I've brought Peach Blossom wine with me.
Care for a drink?
Sure.
You answered so quickly?
In the past you wouldn't drink so easily.
I have much to ask you.
Wouldn't it seem lonely to do so without wine?
Why would Seventeenth take my body back to Qing Qiu then?
I knew you were going to ask about that.
Mo Yuan, think carefully if you truly wish to know.
I've noticed that ever since you woke up you've been very distracted.
By the time I finish answering your questions
I'm afraid that you won't know
if you only see Bai Qian as a disciple or more of a woman.
Do tell. I wish to know.
After your soul and spirit were vanquished
Seventeenth sat on Ruoshui Riverbank holding tightly to your body.
She allowed no one near her.
It was as if she had gone mad.
She wanted to wipe out the Ghost Tribe...
Seventeenth, are you asleep?
I'm already asleep.
You talk when you're asleep?
I'm coming in.
Kunlun Mountain hasn't been so crowded for some time
and guest rooms are all taken. My room is taken by some seniors.
I'll have to make do in your room tonight.
Then I'll tidy up another guest room tomorrow.
Seventeenth...
It's been tough on you having looked after Master for 70,000 years.
In the past, my 16th senior would surely pick on every word I say.
He would always say the opposite of what I said.
If I said yes, he'd say no.
Yet you're now being nice to me?
Are you still my 16th Senior?
Are you Zi Lan?
Serves you right for being a spinster all these thousands of years.
You're indeed Zi Lan!
Serves you right for being a bachelor all these years.
By the way, Senior Zi Lan.
Guess what I was thinking?
What were you thinking?
I was thinking that although I'm already so old
and have made many mistakes
I suddenly felt that none of that is regrettable
now as I lie in the small bed of Kunlun Mountain.
You're right.
After so many years, it's easier to let go of some matters.
Do you still remember Yan Zhi?
The young princess of the Ghost Realm?
Yes.
After the battle of Ruoshui Riverbank, I've never seen her since then.
I remember that she's very righteous and likable.
Yes, she is very likable.
You've met her?
I happened to run into her a few times these years
when I left the mountain to search for you.
Judging by your tone, you must have fallen in love.
Tell me all about it.
It's getting late. Go to bed.
You're going to bed when we just got to a serious topic?
You're not going to chat with me?
I wish I could have a chat like this with Ye Hua.
He wouldn't understand what I say now?
At this time, he should have just turned one year old in the Mortal Realm?
I wonder what he looks like at one year old?
Would he look like Riceball?
Right from here.
She bled herself and then fed you blood
from her heart carefully sip by sip from the bowl.
It's fine if she did that to save you
but she didn't know then if you would even return.
She only did it to preserve your body.
She used her blood as a nine-tailed fox of Qing Qiu
to preserve your spiritless body.
Lord Dong Hua...
Who wounded you?
My father said that since I've already lost my chastity
to you in the Mortal Realm
he has to beat me to death.
I finally got away from him just to see you.
Then I'll head back to be a filial child and let my father hit me to death.
Lord Dong Hua...
This wound does look real.
You almost got me fooled.
Shouldn't you act out the whole play better?
You should at least flinch when I touch your wound or say that it hurts.
It hurts!
Make it look more believable.
I've done wrong.
It's a fake wound.
Who taught you to do this?
Cheng Yu did.
This girlfriend of Third Prince doesn't know anything better
than new tricks to fool people.
I asked her for help.
Lord Dong Hua, just blame me. Don't get her implicated.
Little fox, I already told you in that shack in the Mortal Realm then.
If you don't break off when you should you'll only harm yourself and others.
Do you still not understand?
The debt you owe me for saving your life is settled.
What brings you here to my Taichen Palace again today?
It's because you're about to meet your destined calamity
so I wish to stay by your side.
Who exactly told you that I'm about to meet my destined calamity?
I can't tell you.
Do you know how much older I am than you?
I already looked like this before your father was born.
Hundreds of thousands of years went by.
There were numerous of changes in the world and deaths of creatures.
You've witnessed none of that.
Nor have you seen my hands stained with blood
and I frenzied with killing.
Who is it that you're in love with?
Is it the man who stands before you?
Yes.
Yet, Feng Jiu, this man standing right before you isn't who I really am.
The man who teased you in Taichen Palace wasn't really me either.
The man who was in love with you in the Mortal Realm wasn't me at all.
The man before you isn't just the former God of Heaven and Earth
but also a man deprived of any emotions and affection.
Whatever you do
it is but a child's play to me! I'm Lord Shaoyang of Dong Hua Zi Manor!
But...
No buts.
Just leave.
Leave now.
You got frightened off by Lord Dong Hua just like that?
He already saw through my fake wounds.
How could I still stay there?
Star Lord, tell Feng Jiu what Lord Dong Hua has been through.
When Heavenly Lord was still an infant
Lord Dong Hua already ceased wars
and led all gods to pacify the four seas.
Certainly, I only learned of these from the historical records.
Lord Dong Hua is already so old.
It's no wonder he is to meet his destined calamity.
Meet his destined calamity?
Lord Dong Hua?
Isn't it so?
You follow him around all day and you're not aware of it?
I surely know that His Lordship won't meet his calamity now.
Do you know how severe that is?
Lord Dong Hua was once the God of Heaven and Earth.
If his end is near
the Nine Heavens will grieve and the four seas will be informed.
How could it be so quiet that only the both of you knew of it?
Then...
He won't meet his destined calamity soon?
Definitely not.
I can even guarantee that His Lordship could still live
for some hundred thousand years.
He'd even outlive you, Little Princess.
You mustn't forget that he's the only god who sprang out of a rock.
He's very tough.
Who told you that Lord Dong Hua will meet his destined calamity?
Cheng Yu did.
I accidentally overheard Lord of Numinous Treasures talking to
Lord Dong Hua about meeting some sort of calamity.
I thought it meant Lord Dong Hua.
It's no wonder Little Princess showed up looking all forlorn.
Why didn't you ask me about it?
I'm the deity who's been around His Lordship the longest.
If Lord Dong Hua isn't meeting his destined calamity
what I just did today is simply too shameful.
If my father learns of it, he will surely hit me to death.
I wonder if Lord Dong Hua has some time to talk to me
about that unfilial daughter of mine Bai Feng Jiu?
High God, please have a seat.
What would you like to talk about?
I'll be frank with you.
Since you and my daughter were once husband and wife in the Mortal Realm
I wonder if you could realize her dream by marrying her.
Although I've often reprimanded her for embarrassing Qing Qiu
by wooing you and following you around
I could tell as her father that she's very devoted to you.
I've come here today as a father to propose marriage for my daughter.
I hope that Your Lordship will consider this marriage.
Since High God is so sincere, I will be honest with you.
Your daughter and I are never meant to be together.
I'll take my leave.
Come out here.
Lord Dong Hua...
How long do you plan on fooling around?
into thinking that you won't have long to live.
Hence, I wanted to accompany you until your end.
Even if I don't have long to live who are you to accompany me?
In the Mortal Realm, we were once...
That means nothing.
It meant everything!
You were once my husband.
That was just you.
Feng Jiu, how many times would you have me say this?
Whatever you had with me in the Mortal Realm was but a heavenly trial.
Don't get your hopes up.
It's useless to do so.
We're not meant to be.
That's impossible...
That's impossible...
Dong Hua, if you feel nothing for me
why would you still go to that shack?
You couldn't forget me.
Since you can't forget me, why won't you give us a chance?
Back in the Mortal Realm...
That's enough!
Why?
Why would you be so cruel to me?
I treat everyone in the same manner.
It's not so...
It shouldn't be so...
Do you have a reason for doing so?
Could you tell me?
Do you know why your father came to see me?
He begged me to marry you.
My father... begged you to marry me?
Exactly.
You still wouldn't marry me even after my father begged you?
Indeed.
This is my fault.
This is all my fault.
My father has never begged anyone.
Not once.
I shouldn't behave like this...
I shouldn't embarrass Qing Qiu.
I've shamed Qing Qiu.
I shouldn't keep pestering Lord Dong Hua!
Father...
You find it shameful now?
All right now, let's leave.
Why are you looking at me?
Little Princess left early this morning.
Is there nothing you wish to ask?
Say what you will or just shut up.
You were once the God of Heaven and Earth.
When the four seas were at peace
you passed on the throne to the former Heavenly Lord
and then to the current Heavenly Lord...
Get to the point.
I think that Little Princess followed you
to Celestial Palace to repay your kindness
and she willingly descend to the Mortal Realm as a concubine.
Yet that isn't enough to win you over.
As an onlooker I felt bad for Her Highness.
Star Lord, have you ever broken up any couples on the Book of Destiny?
Certainly.
If it's clearly written on the book that two people aren't meant to be
would they still have a chance?
Unless I make a few changes to it, it's impossible.
If it were stated on the Rock of Three Incarnations
that they aren't meant to be?
The Rock of Three Incarnations?
My Lord, in just a few days
the rumors of Old Ghost Lord's return are already spread to the small clans.
It's said that he's returned to punish you, the rebellious son.
Those clan leaders who support you are all very troubled.
After all, the Ghost Realm isn't as powerful as it used to be.
Everyone hoped that it could be restored to its former glory.
My Lord, if we don't come up with countermeasures
we are in for trouble.
Among the generals, most of the loyal ones are killed by High God Bai Qian.
The remaining ones are once faithful subjects of Old Ghost Lord.
They are all eager to take actions after hearing such rumors.
Some of them are observing the situation before making a decision.
When we got here, we visited five or six of our peers.
None of them would see us.
In the end, only the both of us came.
If we could restore the realm to its past glory
I'm willing to give this throne up.
However, we can't wait for my father to return.
Judging by my father's past temperament, he wouldn't care about his people.
Once he leaves the bell, I'm sure he will avenge himself.
He would bring the entire world down for the 70,000-year-suffering he endured.
We both share the same opinion.
Therefore, I'd never support Old Ghost Lord.
We'd follow Ghost Lord to death!
Who would have known that only the both of you stayed by my side until the end?
Perhaps, I have to carry out a drastic plan in Grand Ziming Palace
to protect the Ghost Realm and even the world.
Transfer our trusted soldiers over here and safeguard Grand Ziming Palace.
- Yes! - Yes!
Brother Li Jing.
Am I incompetent?
You're not!
70,000 years ago before that battle it was the prime of the Ghost Realm.
Everyone misses those days and wishes to restore the realm to its past glory
so they blame it all on you.
However, all the wealth and military power
of the Ghost Realm were used up in that battle.
You're the one who took over the Ghost Realm
and restored it bit by bit to how it is now.
If it had been some other Ghost Lords
they couldn't have done any better than you did.
Whatever it is you wish to do, I'll definitely assist you.
I'll seek audience with the Crown Prince in the Celestial Palace first.
Crown Prince Ye Hua?
Exactly.
Ghost Lord.
I'm here to seek audience with the Crown Prince.
The Crown Prince?
He won't be in the Celestial Palace for two months.
- He's not in the Celestial Palace? - Exactly.
Do you know where he's gone to?
This... Do forgive me that I'm not allowed to tell you.
There's a joyous occasion in Xiwu Palace?
Yes. Heavenly Lord has invited Fox King over.
I reckon that in a few months
Ghost Lord will receive a wedding invitation from Xiwu Palace.
You're referring to the Crown Prince and A-Yin?
No, I should call her High God Bai Qian.
Indeed.
I'd congratulate them in advance.
I'll take my leave now.
Master, you must be tired.
I've made you some hot tea.
It's been 10 days already.
Why are there still so many visitors?
I wonder how the news of Master's return got out?
All living creatures with a bit of spiritual powers
knew that the ancient God of War Mo Yuan has returned.
Here's what was said.
It's said that Master arrived at the peak of Kunlun Mountain majestically
wearing a rose-gold crown an armor of evergreen sacred wood
and a pair of ankle boots with his Sword of the Yellow Emperor
as well as a sweet young lady in his hands
on August 16th at a quarter to two in the afternoon!
When Master landed at the peak
the entire mountain range along Kunlun Mountain shook thrice.
All birds and beasts chirped and howled to the sky.
Even the arowanas surfaced and wept out of surprise!
Some tale this is.
It's not exactly all wrong.
The rose-gold crown, sacred wood armor
ankle boots and the Sword of the Yellow Emperor...
Those are Mo Yuan's usual battle gear.
For the past 70,000 years
they have been kept in the main hall of Kunlun Mountain
to be worshiped by the disciples.
As for that sweet young lady it should be referring to you?
A young lady is a bit far-fetched but a sweet young lady?
That's horribly wrong?
Seventeenth.
At your age you should already be married
or even have had quite a few children?
When do we get to meet your husband?
Judging by your looks and temperament who knows what husband you married?
That's not a problem.
I'll invite all of you to my wedding in two months.
- Grand Master. - Grand Master.
More worshipers have arrived.
We'll take our leave.
He's already had quite a few visitors.
It's about time to get some rest.
Master just left like that?
What are we to do if more worshipers arrive later?
Take them all to the main hall for tea.
Send them out after they finish their tea.
Do you have enough tea?
Yes, there's plenty.
Master seems a bit strange?
When Bai Zhen and I spoke of your marriage
we thought that you're naturally slow-witted in affairs of the heart.
But you're not so bad as a deity.
Romance wise, you know nothing.
Fourth Brother said that to me as well.
The exact same words.
You really are slow-witted.
So slow-witted!
It's quite clean in here.
It should be.
Kunlun Mountain hasn't been occupied for thousands of years.
Yet this elixir cauldron hasn't stopped working at all.
Why is that so?
Your fiance didn't tell you about it?
Ye Hua?
He's never mentioned it.
That night, the Crown Prince came here covered in blood with an arm bitten off.
He gave me quite a fright.
I thought that he was hurt and came to seek help at Kunlun Mountain.
Who knew that he was here to create an elixir?
Who do you think he did it for?
Why did he have to come to Kunlun Mountain?
Why didn't he use the elixir cauldron up in the Nine Heavens?
He left the Nine Heavens
because he didn't want anyone to know about the elixir he was making.
He made that elixir for my sake.
It was for your sake?
Crown Prince is so devoted to you.
All right, I'll leave you to your chores.
I'll prepare dinner for everyone now.
Yes.
He suffered so much for me.
Be it the divine fungal grass or the loss of his cultivation
that's what I owe Mo Yuan for his years of mentoring.
Yet he...
