Impudence! How dare you try to trespass into the Crown Prince's chambers?
Let me see His Highness! My lady is about to give birth!
Quickly summon someone to help my lady deliver!
The Crown Prince issued strict orders that nobody is to enter.
Sisters, my lady cannot afford to wait! Please allow me inside!
- Third Prince. - Third Prince.
Nai Nai, what has happened?
Third Prince, my lady is about to give birth!
What did you say?
Quick, get up.
Take me there.
What about His Highness?
Don't worry about him. Get going!
Yes.
- Quick! - Your Highness.
Medicine King, quick! You must ensure the safety of both mother and child!
Yes. Greetings, Your Highness.
Forget about those formalities!
Remember, you must ensure the safety of both mother and child.
Yes.
A woman in childbirth mustn't be subjected to the wind.
Quick, pull down the curtains.
- Yes.. - Quickly!
- Third Prince, please step back. - Your Highness, you will be all right.
Your Highness, Medicine King is here.
You must stay safe and sound, Your Highness.
Ye Hua.
Your Highness, trust me. The Crown Prince will surely come.
Ye Hua! Ye Hua...
Your Highness, it...
Speak quickly!
Your Highness, this baby really is a sick child.
Your Highness, spare my life. Spare my life!
It was you! You harmed my son!
Xuan Nu, you just gave birth. Why are you out of bed?
Get back in and rest.
Your Majesty, it was this shaman.
I don't know what antiabortifacient medicine he gave me.
It not only caused me to go into premature labor
but... but also caused our child to be unconscious when born!
What did you say?
Your Majesty, I'm wrongly accused!
Your Majesty, signs of the baby's condition
appeared half a year ago from Ghost Queen's womb.
Ghost Queen forced me to use black magic to aid in the delivery of her baby.
This is not my fault, Your Majesty!
You dare accuse me?
You were clearly the one who cruelly plotted against my son's life!
Guards! Drag him out.
Behead him at once!
- Yes! - Yes!
Your Majesty, I've been wronged! Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! I've been wronged! Your Majesty, this is unjust!
Go!
Ghost Queen, may you die a terrible death!
Your Majesty, I've served three generations of Ghost Lords!
I am loyal and devoted! I've been wrongly accused, Your Majesty!
Your Majesty, you should not be treating me this way!
Your Majesty!
My son.
I will definitely save you.
Your Majesty!
In ancient times, there were some who sinned too deeply
and would thus meet with the wrath of heaven.
For example, there was someone by the name of Jie Yu.
Because she had sinned too greatly
she had three successive pregnancies that resulted in sick children.
- Really? - Of course it's true.
My mother told me this when I was young.
That's why retribution follows unfailingly.
After you follow me, you must not do anymore bad things, all right?
I shall do as you command.
Si Yin, you're actually attempting to break my seal?
That is impossible.
Unless I die.
Or if you die.
Your Highness.
Third Uncle, is Su Su all right?
I don't know the situation inside, but Medicine King is here.
Don't be too worried.
It's born. It's finally born.
Congratulations, Your Highness, on the birth of your son.
Congratulations, Your Highness, on the birth of your son.
Congratulations, Your Highness, on the birth of your son.
Congratulations on giving birth to a son, Your Highness.
He looks very much like you.
Feel him.
I won't be staying in the Nine Heavens.
You are a young prince. They won't give you trouble.
Nai Nai.
Your Highness.
Is he hungry?
Heavenly Lord had a nanny sent over. I will bring him out to be fed.
Go on. I'm tired. I'll be sleeping.
Rest soon, Your Highness.
What?
She actually gave birth to a prince?
Yes, Your Highness.
The mortal sure has a lucky life to give birth to a prince on her first pregnancy.
Now she will be able to rely on her precious son.
In the future, they are certain to be obstacles for Your Highness.
Why?
Why would she have such a good life?
She is merely a mortal.
She married the one I couldn't marry.
Her first child...
is a prince!
Xin Nu, tell me why! Why would she have such a lucky life?
I am a princess of the Celestial Tribe, a child of a meritorious subject!
How am I inferior to her? In what way am I incomparable to her?
Your Highness, please don't be like this.
I know you are heartbroken, but do not panic.
Hasn't Heavenly Lord already bestowed you in marriage to the Crown Prince?
Once you are married into Xiwu Palace
would you still need to fear that you won't have a child with the Crown Prince?
No matter what, Crown Prince is a man.
You will be his side consort in the future.
As time passes
the Crown Prince will surely understand your deep affections for him.
I can't accept this.
I don't deserve this.
I grew up with Ye Hua.
He has always been the only one in my heart!
Why?
Why was she allowed to claim him first?
Last night, you maids took advantage of the fact that His Highness wasn't present
and denied entry to one from Xiwu Palace
nearly causing Her Highness, Su Su, and the young prince to be in danger.
His Highness is merciful, and won't sentence you to death
but punishment is inevitable.
Go accept your punishment today
and experience the hardships of the mortal realm for a hundred years.
Yes. Thank you, Your Highness, for sparing my life.
I believe it must have a very beautiful color.
It is a plain color you like.
However, when the time comes, the wedding outfit can't remain with you.
Wedding outfit?
Didn't I say before that I would marry you?
Your Highness.
Crown Prince.
I'll be going now.
Your Highness, were these all bestowed by the Crown Prince?
As expected, it is true.
Your Highness, everybody in Xiwu Palace is saying
the Crown Prince will be marrying you soon.
Your Highness, are you not delighted?
His Highness marrying me now is merely out of pity for me.
Your Highness, don't think such nonsense.
I am jesting.
Help me put away these clothes.
Nai Nai, walk with me to Zhuxian Terrace.
Your Highness, how come you have been going to Zhuxian Terrace so often lately?
It is... an inauspicious place.
I want to smell the fragrance of flowers along the way.
No need to hold on to me. I can't rely on you all the time.
Were we taking this same path yesterday?
Yes, Your Highness.
This is the shortest path from Xiwu Palace to Zhuxian Terrace.
The fragrance of the flowers here is most comforting.
From now on, I'll walk here by myself.
You can just follow behind me.
Taking care of the young prince is tiring enough for you.
I can come out for a walk by myself once in a while.
All right, Your Highness.
Crown Prince has lifted the restrictions on the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
Your Highness has also given birth to Crown Prince's first son.
Your Highness can now go wherever you wish in the Celestial Palace.
Is that so?
Nai Nai.
What orders do you have, Your Highness?
Has Ye Hua chosen a name for the young prince yet?
No.
I've asked His Highness.
He said the young prince is to be named by Your Highness.
I want to call him A-Li. Is this a good name?
It does sound nice
but which Li is Your Highness speaking of?
The li of separation.
That's... That doesn't seem very propitious.
Didn't you say I am in favor now?
I want to call him A-Li. Is that not allowed?
I have made an indiscreet remark.
Nai Nai, ever since I lost my eyes
my mood has constantly been unstable.
If I cause you discomfort, do not take it to heart.
I know most clearly the suffering you have endured.
Why would I blame Your Highness?
Good.
Follow me. I want to walk to Zhuxian Terrace by myself.
Yes.
Zhe Yan?
He isn't... here to talk me back, is he?
Thank you.
You are too polite.
Have you come to ask about the sealing of Qing Cang?
Bai Qian of Qing Qiu sealed Qing Cang.
You are so close with Qing Qiu.
Why have you ignored what is close at hand and come instead to me?
Would it be possible for... this lady to step out?
I have been impolite.
Which palace is she from
for her to not step out even when Dijun discuss matters with someone?
Could she be...
She is Ye Hua's cousin. She comes here often.
She is a junior. I can't bring myself to say anything.
Please continue.
Actually, there isn't much to say.
There are hidden circumstances regarding this incident
but I cannot speak of them in detail to you yet.
I came today to try my luck
and see if I can find here from you something that I do not know.
Since you are unwilling to reveal the truth's entirety
then I shall not force you.
I just had a speculation that
Bai Qian is the Si Yin of Kunlun Mountain of the past.
The rest should be about the same as what you know.
I truly did not expect that you would have guessed so.
It was Feng Jiu who said it.
Feng Jiu?
If you hadn't mentioned her, it really had slipped my mind.
Feng Jiu, that little girl, has left Qing Qiu for quite some time now.
It's said she came to repay your kindness.
That is correct. She has indeed been here.
Has she finished repaying her debt?
I do not need her to repay any such debt.
Are you saying... she has caused complications for you?
It has been a little inconvenient.
In his eyes...
I am but an inconvenience.
Don't come any closer! I... I am Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu!
No!
Thank you for the tea, Dijun. I take my leave now.
You are too polite.
Your Highness, there are steps here.
Be careful.
Miss, you...
The uncovered half of this lady's face looks extremely similar to Bai Qian.
And this faintly discernible peach blossom scent is highly familiar.
High God Zhe Yan.
Crown Prince.
Has Su Su offended you?
Su Su? Her name is Su Su?
Yes. She belongs with Xiwu Palace.
So she belongs with you, Crown Prince.
Just now, I had nearly taken her for an old friend.
She is just a mortal. She has never been to Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods.
I'm afraid you are mistaken.
Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods?
Miss, do you know of Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods?
So in the future
I won't be able to see this Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods again.
In the future, I will plant a grove for you.
Then I want ten miles as well.
I don't know of it.
The name just sounds unique.
You can visit when you have the chance.
Visit?
I hope there will be a chance.
Be careful.
Ye Hua.
I just wanted to go out for a walk by myself.
The scent of the flowers along the path smells very nice.
Su Su, you don't have to explain to me.
From now on, you are the Crown Princess in the Nine Heavens.
Nobody will dare to question your whereabouts again.
Ye Hua, don't worry.
I won't be going anywhere in the future. I won't cause trouble for you again.
Are you thirsty?
I'll pour a cup of tea for you.
Su Su.
We'll be getting married in ten days.
Married?
- You... - Ye Hua.
I can't see anything.
There must be many protocols during the wedding.
I will probably be made fun of.
You won't be.
You have me.
That's good.
- Eldest Prince. - Eldest Prince.
You may go.
Yes.
Your Highness.
- Father. - It's as you can see.
Ye Hua will announce to the four seas that he is marrying the mortal.
He has also fought against the decree to allow Su Jin into Xiwu Palace.
I have been incapable of disciplining my child.
Please punish me, Father.
After he received the Crown Prince's seal
he first replaced the maids of Xiwu Palace
then he selected his own soldiers to guard Xiwu Palace
and now he is taking a side consort.
He has made meticulous arrangements. Even I cannot do anything about it.
What would you be able to do?
Father.
Ye Hua just received the Crown Prince's seal.
He is the heir apparent chosen by heaven.
Even I have to salute him as a heir apparent.
I cannot do anything to him now.
Let him be.
I simply do not believe he will focus on this woman his whole life.
It's just that Qing Qiu...
Bai Qian of Qing Qiu is the number one beauty of the world.
When she marries into the Celestial Palace
she will certainly sway Ye Hua's heart.
I can only hope so.
You know I most dislike women crying.
If I ask you a question, you will answer. No need for unnecessary talk.
I locked the fox in Evil Sealing Pagoda.
Don't come any closer!
Why does Dijun's power look so strange? It is crimson in color?
How dare a mere Pagoda Guardian act so atrociously in front of me?
My tails!
Oh no!
Why is she bleeding so much?
I'm afraid she can't be helped.
Fool, you have it wrong. The blood on Her Highness is from Dijun.
Dijun has suffered severe injuries?
Who in this world is capable of injuring Dijun?
A few days ago, Dijun spent a great amount of his powers
to save the Little Princess.
Today, he killed the Pagoda Guardian of the Evil Sealing Pagoda.
These injuries were caused by the Pagoda Guardian.
Pagoda Guardian?
That is the monster king that Heavenly Father left behind
that terrifies the Nine Heavens.
All right, enough. Treat Dijun's injuries first.
Yes.
I didn't die?
What is this place?
This is Dijun's chambers.
Chambers?
This is my first time in here.
Where is Dijun?
He is resting.
Is he heavily injured? Have I caused him trouble again?
No, he really is resting.
Dijun said you have caused too much damage.
You should return to Qing Qiu.
As for repaying his kindness, he never expected it.
Little Princess, don't cry.
When you cry, I don't know what to do.
Dijun...
Is he throwing me out?
Your Highness has been at Taichen Palace for a while now.
Do you still not know Dijun's temperament by now?
He is an immortal made out of a rock. He possesses no emotions or desires.
Don't waste your efforts any longer.
Bid farewell to Dijun for me.
I have asked the Little Princess to leave the Nine Heavens as you wished.
Your Highness!
Didn't you set out to repay a kindness?
How come you're in this state?
Where is Aunt? I want to discuss some things with her.
Aunt is not in Qing Qiu.
How come Aunt left Qing Qiu? Has something happened?
Let's head back first. I'll tell you all about it.
I remember now.
Did Aunt tell you anything?
Ever since Aunt's battle with Qing Cang, she hasn't been seen.
What?
How come nobody told me while I was in heaven?
Don't panic, Your Highness.
Fox King and Zhe Yan have said that according to the stars, Aunt is fine.
We just don't know where she has gone.
You know Aunt's personality as well. Perhaps she is just wandering around.
That is true.
Aunt and the Crown Prince have an engagement.
For fear of alarming Celestial Tribe
and to avoid making this disappearance known in every household around the world
Zhe Yan has told us not to speak of this to others.
So has nobody taught Shao Xing a lesson for stealing Aunt's marriage?
Who has the time to be concerned about the snake?
No.
I have to stand up for Aunt.
Dijun stopped me when I wanted to teach her a lesson in the Celestial Palace.
There's nobody to stop me today.
Your Highness.
How can you be so extreme?
You were so distracted when you returned. How come you are out for revenge now?
I just want something to do to temporarily forget about Dijun.
Just let me go, all right?
What... What's wrong, Your Highness? Why do you look like you're about to cry?
Why would I cry?
I am going to teach a servant a lesson for Aunt's sake.
Why would I cry?
Your Highness already confronted Shao Xing once
back in the Celestial Palace.
Seeing as you are from Qing Qiu, I made a concession.
Why have you come today to stir up trouble again?
For someone like her who betrayed her savior
how is one scolding enough?
You!
Do not go too far!
My lord, calm down.
You have already yielded to her once in the Celestial Palace.
Are you going to allow her to humiliate you again?
These all are what I deserve to go through.
Your Highness has come at a good time.
I wanted to take this fan to Qing Qiu to humbly apologize to Aunt.
Apologize? You aren't lying to me?
I was Aunt's maid.
I did something to betray her. Of course I have to beg for forgiveness.
Since Your Highness has come today, I will make the trip with you
and settle this matter.
You want to return to the Fox Den with me?
That's correct. We'll go right now.
Wait. Aunt is not at Qing Qiu right now.
Nobody in the world knows.
I can't let this snake go.
I only came to scold her to vent. I must not ruin things because of this.
You don't need to go to apologize. Aunt said she does not want to see you.
- But- - No but.
Although Aunt doesn't want to see you
the Cloud Clearing Fan still belongs to her.
You still need to return it to her.
Please take it, Your Highness. I don't dare keep it for myself.
Although you betrayed Aunt and I shouldn't forgive you
ever since you left, you indeed have not told outsiders about Qing Qiu's matters.
You also returned the Cloud Clearing Fan to me of your own accord.
You have just narrowly gained my forgiveness.
Qing Qiu's matters?
Is Your Highness referring to the one in Yanhua Cave?
Yes.
Please rest assured, Your Highness.
I will not breathe a word of it in my entire life.
I hope you will remember your own words.
Should I go against my word, I shall be struck by lightning.
That puts me at ease then.
I will take this Cloud Clearing Fan.
However, I cannot say whether Aunt will forgive you.
I understand.
Mi Gu! Mi Gu!
Your Highness.
Bai Feng Jiu!
Father.
Kneel!
Father, I know I was wrong.
I should not have gone to the Celestial Palace to repay my debt.
