The Lord of Numinous Treasures' Heavens Spring
can heal a common wound in three to five days.
However, you've been here for days
and you don't seem any better.
It seems the Soul Slayer enshrined in the Mermaid Clan's
Temple of Witchcraft is really powerful.
You've found the most honest maid to serve her.
You haven't been to the Hall of Beautiful Youth for days.
It's obvious that you're one affectionate man.
Yet you have to pretend otherwise.
That's quite a torment as well.
Uncle Lian Song.
I heard that during our battle with the Mermaid Clan
Li Yuan also escaped from Arctic Lands.
Do you still remember anything about the Crown Prince of the Ghost Tribe?
Li Yuan?
I met him 70,000 years ago.
He might be ruthless, but he's not good enough to be the Ghost Lord.
But I've heard that the current Ghost Lord
Li Jing, fools around all the time.
Both of them are just as incompetent.
Exactly.
Father.
Qing Cang's two sons are indeed incompetent.
Ye Hua is here to nurse his injuries.
However, you're here to avoid going to the assembly.
Father, you've wronged me.
I'm just worried about Ye Hua's injuries.
So, I'm here to check on him.
I'll head over to the assembly now.
It's the Realm of Supreme Purity after we go through here.
Consort Su Jin.
Second Prince.
It's the Water King of the North Sea.
I've been demoted. How could I still be addressed as a prince?
In Su Jin's mind, Second Prince will always remain a prince.
Nothing has changed.
Is the consort with child again?
Yes.
I've been having severe morning sickness.
Su Su, look.
You are both blessed.
This is...
She is...
She is Ye Hua's savior in the Mortal Realm.
She's a mortal. Her name is Su Su.
As she's carrying Ye Hua's child
Ye Hua has kept her in the Celestial Palace.
Ye Hua's savior in the Mortal Realm?
Exactly.
Ye Hua was injured in a fierce fight with Scarlet Flame Golden Lion.
This young lady here saved him.
I didn't expect Ye Hua to have such a brief romance.
Didn't Your Highness used to have many beauties in your hall as well?
By the way, Second Prince
do you know where the Crown Prince went?
I heard from the Lord of Numinous Treasures
that Ye Hua has been in Heaven's Springs since this morning.
You're right.
Ye Hua was severely wounded.
It's better for him to recuperate there.
Su Su, let's go.
Second Prince, Consort Shao Xing, we'll take our leave.
Shao Xing.
Why do you keep staring at that mortal?
Consort Su Jin.
Am I all you could see?
Have you not noticed this consort?
Consort Su Jin.
This lady isn't conferred any titles in the Celestial Palace.
We really couldn't...
How dare you!
All of you serve in the Heavenly Lord's hall.
Could you not know that she belongs to the Crown Prince?
Consort, we do know that.
It's just that the Crown Prince gave orders
to treat the Hall of Beautiful Youth's lady
according to the Celestial Palace's regulations.
Consort Su Jin, please forgive us!
Consort.
Please don't make it hard for them.
I really don't have any title.
All right, you may all get up.
Yes.
Are both the Heavenly Lord and the Crown Prince inside?
The Crown Prince has been here for two hours.
The Heavenly Lord just arrived.
Would you like us to announce your arrival?
That's not necessary.
- But... - Should they both blame you
I will take responsibility for it. Fear not.
I'm from the Realm of Supreme Purity.
The lady of this hall has given orders for you to take her fan
to the Realm of Supreme Purity.
Her fan?
It's a fan with a scenic drawing.
She handed it to you a while ago.
Find it quickly and bring it to the Realm of Supreme Purity.
Yes.
Although Qing Qiu replied saying that Bai Qian is still in meditation
the wedding mustn't be postponed.
I understand.
Bai Qian is the Fox King's only daughter.
She also inherited the position of Queen of the East.
She can't possibly be some mild-tempered woman.
Should she learn that you are expecting a child
and behave unreasonably you must learn to be tolerant.
Yes.
Su Su.
Heavenly Lord.
- Heavenly Lord. - Heavenly Lord.
What are you doing here?
Consort Le Xu is concerned that Su Su will be bored
staying in the Hall of Beautiful Youth
so she asked me to show her around.
How can a mortal be present at the Lord of Numinous Treasures' assembly?
If there's nothing else to do she'd better leave soon.
Yes.
Su Su, don't worry.
You have Ye Hua.
The Heavenly Lord won't harm you.
Why would you come here?
Ye Hua, I brought Su Su here.
Don't blame her.
It's best for the consort to steer clear of the affairs in Xiwu Palace.
You're right.
You're the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
I am but one of the many consorts in the Heavenly Lord's harem.
I've been too meddlesome.
Don't let her get close to you anymore.
According to the rites of the Celestial Tribe
you shouldn't be here.
I'll get changed and escort you back.
Take me with you!
Please? Take me!
It won't be just the lords there, all the important deities will also be there.
How can I take you there when you were not invited?
I'm a maid. I can just follow you in.
Today, I'll be the Star Lord's maid.
- I wouldn't dare. - You would.
- I wouldn't dare. - You would.
Shao Xing is with child.
I've brought her here today to ask Father to make a celestial decree
so that I can confer on her a formal title.
You gave up a promising future because of her.
I'm already disappointed in you.
Yet you still dare to bring this woman to the Lord of Numinous Treasures' assembly.
Are you trying to remind me just how unfilial you are?
I hadn't thought it through.
Please don't be mad, Father.
Please don't be mad, Father.
Step down now.
Don't disturb the Lord of Numinous Treasures' assembly.
This is bad! It's the Lord of Numinous Treasures' magical beast!
Be careful, Father!
Little Princess! Little Princess!
This phoenix is still untamed.
Disperse!
Don't say a word.
My Lord.
What trouble did she get into?
Why is she bleeding?
The Little Princess insisted on going to the assembly with me.
Someone dropped Kunlun Mountain's Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun
and startled the Lord of Numinous Treasures' phoenix.
The phoenix lost control and charged at the Little Princess.
You are all to step out.
- Yes. - Yes.
My Lord, allow me to take a look at this young lady.
Step out.
Yes.
I gave the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun to Su Su.
She didn't know that it's a magical artifact of Kunlun Mountain.
I thought that as a mortal
she wouldn't be able to wield a magical artifact
but I didn't expect it to stir up so much trouble.
I handled it poorly.
I'm willing to accept any punishment.
Do you know who was injured?
I do not know.
It was Bai Qian's niece, Bai Feng Jiu!
Bai Qian has yet to marry into the Celestial Tribe
and yet this mortal has already injured her niece!
Should Qing Qiu blame us for it
how would you have me respond to them?
I'm willing to ask for their forgiveness in person.
Ask for forgiveness?
- Get up. - Yes.
Your fault lies in negligence.
What about this mortal?
I've been wronged.
Heavenly Lord, please investigate this.
You were wronged?
I didn't know that the fan is a true magical artifact.
In the celestial regulations
one is not spared for one's ignorance.
I didn't mean to barge in there.
Another celestial maid passed on a message.
She said that my mistress asked me to bring the fan to her.
Which maid?
Do you know her?
Heavenly Lord, please investigate this.
I didn't send any message to Nai Nai.
Someone must have framed me.
Atrocious!
You're saying that a deity is out to frame a mortal?
I don't mean to say so but you also heard her...
That's enough!
Su Su has offended you. Please forgive her.
Father.
The celestial maid from the Hall of Beautiful Youth
has only been recently promoted to serve in the Celestial Palace.
She's unaware of regulations here.
This is also her first time in such a grave situation
so she's too scared to admit her mistake.
Father, you don't have to be so angry about a maid's words.
Nai Nai might be of a lowly status but she's very honest.
Why would she deny her own mistake and frame someone else?
Heavenly Lord...
Shut up!
Heavenly Lord.
Please allow me to speak.
What do you want to say?
I'm to be blamed for taking Su Su to the Realm of Supreme Purity.
If you blame her
I'm willing to be punished in her stead.
You're asking to be punished?
Yes, I'm willing to be punished in her stead.
Matters of Xiwu Palace need not trouble any outsiders.
If Su Su is to be punished, she will take her own punishment.
It has nothing to do with the consort.
Heavenly Lord!
Heavenly Lord, I just learned that the beast got into trouble
and I made my way here as fast as I could.
I thank everyone for taming the beast.
However, I don't know why it suddenly lost control today.
A maid dropped this fan.
She startled the phoenix.
I am reprimanding them for it now.
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
Does the Heavenly Lord know who this fan belonged to?
I do.
However, you couldn't have known that that beast almost hurt
High Immortal Si Yin 70,000 years ago.
It hurt High Immortal Si Yin?
Exactly.
If I remember correctly, the Ghost Lord was present as well.
He was injured by the phoenix.
I wonder if the Ghost Lord still remembers that?
You're right.
A-Yin and I once had a fight with that phoenix.
Then he subdued it with the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun.
I didn't know that the Ghost Lord and Si Yin were such friends.
It was just a coincidence.
We weren't... friends.
Since the Heavenly Lord has family matters to handle
I shouldn't be present.
I'll take my leave now.
Do feel free to leave, Ghost Lord.
Everyone.
I take my leave now.
It's perhaps because Si Yin once took on the phoenix with this fan
that it agitated the beast and caused it to attack.
Whatever the reason, it's Xiwu Palace who wrecked the assembly.
Do forgive me, sir.
It was just a beast that died.
Why would the Heavenly Lord get so angry?
Not only is your phoenix dead
but it also injured the Little Princess of Qing Qiu.
All in all, it's actually my fault.
That phoenix has yet to be totally tamed
but I brought it with me to the Nine Heavens.
Hence, such a disaster happened.
If anyone is to be punished, I should be the first one.
You've overstated, Your Lordship.
Since the Lord of Numinous Treasures has taken the blame for you
you must bear his kindness in mind.
Su Jin, get up.
Yes.
The two of you are to step down.
Hold on.
Although His Lordship pleaded on your behalf
I still can't let you off so easily.
From today onward, all personnel in the Hall of Beautiful Youth are grounded.
None of you are to leave Xiwu Palace without my permission.
Yes, Your Highness.
Our mentor has arrived as well.
Why don't we go and greet him?
Ye Hua.
Since your mentor is here you should greet him right away.
Yes.
Escort them back.
- Yes. - Yes.
Thank you for your assistance.
Fortunately, Ghost Lord Li Jing came looking for me.
Otherwise, judging by the Heavenly Lord's temper
he might have taken that young lady's life.
Ghost Lord Li Jing?
It was his mount that set Zhaohua Palace on fire accidentally a few days ago.
It also almost injured Miss Su Su.
That's why he decided to help her today and why he meddled in this matter.
Ye Hua.
Thinking back, your second uncle was such a favorite then.
Yet now he's been demoted to North Sea just because of a woman.
You witnessed all that.
A mortal is after all just a mortal.
This isn't the right place for her.
You can still keep her alive if you send her away soon.
Step out now.
- Yes. - Yes.
Kneel.
Why would you plead for that mortal?
I think that the accident wasn't severe enough to sentence that mortal to death.
Since she won't be sentenced to death
I'd rather that she not be punished if she's just going to suffer a bit.
Su Jin.
Don't try to show off and act smart in my presence.
I wouldn't dare show off in the Heavenly Lord's presence.
I'm also worried that that woman will be a hindrance to the Crown Prince.
Therefore, I'm willing to assist the Heavenly Lord
in getting rid of Su Su.
Su Jin.
When you shared my concern and asked to become my concubine
you won people over for me and I agreed to grant you a wish.
Now, you're going to assist me in getting rid of that woman.
What wish is it that you seek this time?
It's the same wish.
The same wish?
Tell me what it is that you're so persistent about.
There's only one wish that I seek.
If I can have that mortal killed
the Heavenly Lord has to make me a side consort of the Crown Prince.
You wish to be married into Xiwu Palace?
This is the only wish I have ever had in my life.
Tell me.
Did you ask to be my concubine so as to pave the way for this?
Exactly.
Very good.
You're the type of person who should be by Ye Hua's side.
You know what it is you want.
You also know what to do to get what you want.
Fine.
I will agree to it.
It doesn't matter if I bestow a few of my concubines to my grandson.
Besides, I've never lain with you.
Why would I keep you with me to waste your youth away?
Heavenly Lord, you agreed?
Exactly.
I agreed to your request.
Thank you, Heavenly Lord!
However...
Bear in mind...
Don't forget what you promised me.
Rest assured, Heavenly Lord.
I'll come up with a plan.
Even the Crown Prince won't be able to save her.
Could that beast have mistaken Miss Su Su for A-Yin as well?
My Lord.
Lady Su Su has been saved by the Lord of Numinous Treasures.
She was escorted back to Xiwu Palace and grounded in the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
Grounded?
Someone in the Celestial Palace is certainly out to take her life.
A mortal can't be safe in the Nine Heavens.
You worry too much, My Lord.
She is already carrying the Crown Prince's child.
She won't be in any danger here in the Celestial Palace.
That's hard to say.
Isn't Your Highness overly concerned about that mortal?
Ever since you got pregnant I've been very tolerant of you.
Why have you become even more unreasonable?
My Lord...
This is all because of you.
Because of me?
Do you think that my feelings for you aren't real?
I don't wish to discuss that with you.
My Lord!
Don't worry.
I won't go looking for that lady in Xiwu Palace.
Your Lordship...
Don't say a word.
Your Lordship, are you going to save me?
If you save me again
how is my debt... ever going to be paid?
Stop talking.
My Lord...
Lady Su Su...
I shouldn't have trusted anyone so easily.
I've implicated you.
Please punish me!
I'm totally helpless in here.
I don't even have the right to speak.
As a matter of fact, I'm the one who had you implicated.
I was too foolish!
Nai Nai...
You...
Do you know how Ye Hua is related to Consort Su Jin?
I've only heard that she was brought up by the Crown Prince's mother.
She was raised alongside the Crown Prince.
Su Su.
I came here to repay his kindness and yet I ended up implicating him.
He used his magical powers to heal me.
If I stay here I might embarrass Qing Qiu.
This is really bad...
I can't walk any further...
Feng Jiu, don't pass out.
Don't pass out.
Su Su.
Ye Hua...
I'm sorry.
Ever since I got pregnant I've had mood swings.
This isn't your fault.
There are just too many regulations in the Celestial Palace.
We can't be as carefree as we were in Mount Junji.
Yesterday...
Yesterday! You're not to be blamed.
I've been thinking...
The Heavenly Lord is prejudiced against me
because you married me in the Mortal Realm without his permission.
Ye Hua...
I want to spend my days here with you.
Just like we did in Mount Junji.
All right?
Tonight... Will you still come to me?
No.
I understand.
You're the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
You have to see to official matters.
If I hold on to you, the others will call me a femme fatale.
That's what they call those women in the plays.
There aren't any of those mortal plays in the Celestial Palace.
I have to go now.
Your Lordship.
Report to the Heavenly Lord that the Little Princess of Qing Qiu is fine.
It's good that she's all right.
Has the Little Princess returned to Qing Qiu?
I'll take my leave now.
My Lord.
Have you found Li Yuan?
I did but...
He's in the Far North.
The Far North?
Yes, Li Yuan has raised a rebellion in the Far North.
Ghost Lord.
The Heavenly Lord invites you to the Grand Hall for a discussion.
I heard you.
- Where are you going? - The Grand Hall.
I'm meeting the Heavenly Lord.
I don't believe that!
Why would the Heavenly Lord see you?
You're not from the Celestial Palace.
What important matter could he possibly have to discuss with you?
You're obviously going to see that mortal!
You're bullying me because I can't leave this house.
I can't hold you back.
That's enough!
I'll tell you why the Heavenly Lord asked to see me.
It's because you stole the military seal
and Yan Zhi saved Li Yuan. Li Yuan escaped.
They raised a rebellion in the Far North!
A rebellion?
Should the Heavenly Lord blame anyone for it
I won't be able to save you if he decides to punish you.
Stay in this room!
It felt great to be cuddled in Lord Dong Hua's arms...
But isn't it wrong to deceive my own savior?
His Lordship?
Come here.
The Heavenly Lord is furious?
Exactly.
Both the Ghost Lord and the Crown Prince were summoned.
It says on the scroll that the Scarlet Flame Golden Lion appeared
in the military camp of Far North's rebel army.
The Scarlet Flame Golden Lion?
