But you don't have to be scared.
Only Xin Nu and I know about this.
We'll think of a way so that you can become the crown prince's woman.
We'll use a wedding to cover this matter up.
Are you really going to do that?
Of course. I like you.
Naturally, I'll help you. Don't worry.
Okay.
In any case, it is over.
You may leave.
Thank you for saving my son.
I will repay you one day.
You don't have to.
This was entirely because of my past relationship with Shao Xing.
It has nothing to do with you.
If you were to come to me
I'm afraid you wouldn't have been able to make it to the fox den.
You may leave.
Farewell.
Your Majesty, you can't leave me.
I won't leave you.
If you leave...
I'm embarrassing myself again.
Your Majesty, the empress and other concubines have been waiting a long time.
I should-
If I tell you to stay, you should stay.
How about I bestow you the title Pure Consort?
Huh?
Your Majesty, that isn't proper etiquette.
Is it rare for things in my harem to not follow proper etiquette?
What is your name?
Xiao Jiu.
Then I'll call you Jiu'er from now on, okay?
Okay.
The sun has set.
That girl should be normal.
Come here.
Master, do you want to eat dinner?
Take me to Handan Quarters.
Yes.
Your Highness.
Master, I have something to discuss with you.
Can you go over there with me?
Master, look at this.
Master, look. Isn't it cute?
- A sealed-soul bell? - Yes.
My previous master gave this to me.
It's always just sitting there. There was not much use for it.
So I put it on Xiao Guai Guai.
It's a pity that the one in your hands already has an owner.
If you keep it, it will cause trouble if its owner looks for it.
That's why I wanted to discuss it with you.
You're very capable.
Can you help me to keep Xiao Guai Guai?
I am a mortal.
I have a limited life here.
But when I return to the immortal world
I'll give Xiao Guai Guai back to its owner.
No, High God! No!
Master, see? Xiao Guai Guai is really excited that I'm taking care of it.
Since you call me master, I should help you.
Fine. I'll talk to its master for you.
It shouldn't be hard to let it stay here.
Really?
Master, you're agreeing to help me!
I'm not dreaming, right?
What are you two doing?
It's a new moon tonight and it's windy.
You two should come down so that you don't scare others to death.
Live deities! I'm actually seeing live deities!
This is my first time seeing live deities.
Are you two coming here so late at night
because my father is a wise and kind ruler who is about to go to heaven?
I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you.
I'm here to see my wife.
Here... Here to see me?
In any case, I should leave you now.
See your wife?
You do not have to worry.
I erased his memory.
Luckily, because of your skills
Yuan Zhen's fate was transferred perfectly.
But Dijun's fate was slightly changed.
I ask that you lead the way.
I need to find Feng Jiu to ask for her help.
You're asking her to lead the way?
You'd be looking all night and you still wouldn't be able to find Feng Jiu.
You should ask an earth deity.
Star Lord.
Take us to Handan Quarters.
Yes.
Wait.
My magic powers are sealed.
Can you use your magic to send my disciple to his palace?
Qian Qian, you treat my cousin quite well.
He's my only disciple.
Then he can't address me as cousin.
He'll have to address me as master's husband.
Why are you taking advantage of this?
You still harbor hurt feelings because he took liberties with your consort?
If you hadn't brought it up
I would've forgotten why he was punished to the mortal realm.
For taking liberties with a consort who's not really a consort
he was punished to the mortal realm for 60 years.
Then how should he be punished for holding my wife's hands before my eyes?
Let's go.
You said you came here to see your wife.
Why are you in such a hurry to see Feng Jiu?
Si Ming came to fix Dong Hua Dijun's fate.
I just came along to come see you.
To see me?
Today, His Highness called me out of the Feast of Peaches
just so he could see how you had others push Dijun into the water.
When Dijun finds out in the future, I'm afraid he'll kick me down here.
When that time comes
the crown prince will plea on your behalf.
Little Princess Feng Jiu and Dijun's fate have come together.
This is the reason why I've come to ask for your help.
What does this have to do with Feng Jiu?
Please come with me.
Then you will understand.
This way.
Your Highness, High Goddess, Star Lord.
This is Handan Quarters.
I will take my leave now.
Okay. Go on.
Since His Highness has already broken the seal on your powers
let's secretly head inside.
Yu Dang, guests are here. Pour some tea.
Little brat, turn around.
Aunt.
I've embarrassed myself today.
It's okay since you're using Honored Lady Chen's mortal body.
You're not embarrassing Qing Qiu.
I won't tell your father.
But I messed up Dijun's fate.
His time and his life as well.
Why is His Highness here too?
Does my father know?
Star Lord Si Ming and I hurried over here because we saw that you messed up.
Besides the people here, no one else knows.
Don't worry.
Aunt, what do I do?
When Dijun was in a coma today, he kept holding on to my hand.
When he woke up, his eyes kept starring at me.
They were filled with such emotion that tears were about to come out.
Did you see wrong?
Maybe it's because he was in the water for too long
that it looked like tears.
But he said that he would promote my rank.
You saved his life. He should do that.
Little Princess, you mean Dijun has already fallen for you?
Si Ming! What rotten fate have you created.
Since Dijun has already fallen for you
then I can only ask that you go along with this act with him.
What act?
Originally, he was to fall for the woman who fell into the water.
But now, you'll have to play that part.
You're not going to help me think of a way to get out of this?
Instead, you want me to stay to continue this act?
Some friend you are.
Little Princess, you're the one who messed up his fate.
I don't care. In any case, I don't want to go to Taichen Palace anymore.
Actually, it's not Xiao Jiu's fault.
Maybe things turned out like this because I altered Yuan Zhen's fate.
Since Little Princess is involved in this
if Dijun's fate goes through a huge change
it'll be hard for her to avoid disaster.
The method I mentioned just now is the only way.
It'll continue Dijun's love fate and help Little Princess avoid disaster.
Looks like there's no other way.
Then...
Then how do I continue this fate for him?
That's easy.
You just have to first give Dijun a sweet taste of something.
Once you have a hold on his heart and he becomes devoted to you
take out his heart and trample it again and again.
You want me to trample on his heart?
When the time comes, I'll give you the script.
It'll teach you how to trample on his heart.
Aunt.
Your Highness.
How can I repay for his kindness this way?
Greetings, Your Majesty.
I've broken your Two Lives Curse.
You can slowly repay his kindness.
Your Majesty.
You're not asleep yet?
I can't fall asleep.
I can't fall asleep either.
I just wanted to come see you.
If you were asleep
I would just stay here to look at the place where you sleep.
It's very late at night. You should come in.
I still have some things to take care of.
You should go back to Qing Qiu tomorrow.
I'll come see you in a few days.
Please don't be offended.
We snuck out of the Feast of Peaches, so we have to hurry back.
I will take my leave.
Jiu'er, you're still not going to sleep?
I had such a scare today, maybe that's why I can't fall asleep.
Then I'll play go with you.
I don't really know how to play.
No matter what you do, I'll just give you your way.
First you have to first give Dijun a taste of something sweet.
Once you have a hold on his heart and he becomes devoted to you
take out his heart and trample on it again and again.
A taste of something sweet?
Back when I was in the Celestial Palace, I couldn't get any part of his heart.
Now... what do I do now?
Jiu'er.
Huh?
When did you enter the palace?
When I was 17 years old.
When I was in my resting quarters, I was trying to recall how we first met
but I couldn't remember anything.
Even though you're already an honored lady
and you have already slept with me
I can't remember the night when you first became my wife.
Do you hate me for it?
I wouldn't dare.
You have many things to deal with.
I wouldn't dare.
What is Your Majesty looking at?
I heard from the empress that
I doted on you back then because you were excellent at go.
What?
After falling into the water, you forgot how to play go?
Maybe Her Highness was mistaken.
My expertise is in cooking, not games.
Oh?
Then when I wake up tomorrow, will I be able to eat a meal that you've cooked?
Your Majesty, you're really going to spend the night here?
Is something inappropriate about that?
No.
Do you blame me for giving you the cold shoulder back then?
You have many things to deal with.
How could I dare to-
Is that all you know how to say?
What should I do?
The people of Qing Qiu have always been simple and honest
and only come together through mutual consent
if Father finds out that Dijun and I...
I'll give you a wedding ceremony.
I'll marry you again in a ceremony according to commoner traditions.
Your Majesty, to do this without conforming to palace rules...
If Her Highness finds out, I'm afraid she'll blame me.
No one in this palace will ever dare to make things hard for you again.
Crown Prince. Third Prince...
The message you gave Bai Feng Jiu was full of mistakes.
Are you hiding something from me?
Since you've seen through me, I'll just tell you.
Dong Hua Dijun went to the mortal realm to repay her debt of love.
Debt of love?
When Bai Feng Jiu was at Taichen Palace, she was deeply in love.
But Dijun and Bai Feng Jiu aren't fated to be.
So Dijun went to the mortal realm to give her a mortal love.
But this fate will only last a mortal's lifetime.
Nothing will come out of it.
So this time, you fulfilled Qian Qian's wish to help Yuan Zhen
and the wish of making Dong Hua Dijun and Bai Feng Jiu fated to be.
Fortunately Bai Qian came up with this.
Otherwise, I'd have to think of
another way to make the mortal Dijun fall for Bai Feng Jiu.
Your Highness.
Your Highness.
I have results for what you had me investigate.
Tell me.
Those ambushed immortals don't have much in common except...
they're all of high immortal rank.
High immortal rank?
Aunt, you're back.
Mi Gu, without me sending you on errands these days
you've been living quite freely.
Aunt, you came back yesterday and took care of something big.
Why are you saying it like you just came back?
I was still in the mortal realm yesterday. When did I come back?
That's not right. You came back...
I think you told me to stay at Fox Den and not go anywhere else.
Who put an enchanting spell on you?
Enchanting spell? There's no enchanting spell.
What happened?
Aunt, you're finally back! Something horrible happened.
Xuan Nu took on your appearance and took away Mo Yuan's body
and Imperial great-grandson!
Fan, I'm afraid you'll get a taste of blood again today.
Aunt!
Why am I so inept? How could I let her go alone?
What should I do?
Crown Prince. Yes, Crown Prince!
Celestial high immortals keep getting killed.
It must be because of that sick child born to the ghost queen.
What?
It's a sinister kind of magic.
In the ancient times, there was a woman named Jie Yu.
Because her murder aura was too strong all the children she birthed were ill.
So she came up with an idea.
She murdered high immortals
and turned their bodies into an elixir for her sick children to take.
Her children were able to recover.
How could such vicious magic exist?
To be able to control so many puppets
and to have the audacity to kill high immortals...
I don't think it's Ghost Lord Li Jing.
Rather, it must be the Ghost Queen Xuan Nu
who betrayed Kunlun Mountain and the Celestial Tribe 70,000 years ago.
If it's Xuan Nu's doing, Li Jing must be somewhat responsible as well.
I'll go and report this to Father right now.
Third Uncle, wait.
This is a huge matter between two tribes.
We can't come to a conclusion solely from my speculation.
Wait until I go to Grand Ziming Palace to investigate.
Okay. Then let's go together after the Feast of Peaches.
This entrance to the palace was heavily guarded 70,000 years ago.
But today, no one is here to guard it?
Xuan Nu, are you inviting me in?
Your Highness, Qing Qiu's Mi Gu would like to see you.
Bring him in.
Yes.
Your Highness.
Your Highness, please help Aunt.
She went to Grand Ziming Palace all alone.
What did you say?
The Ghost Queen stole High God Mo Yuan's body and Imperial Great-Grandson.
Aunt's eyes were red with fury and went over there.
Your Highness...
Who is that tree spirit?
How dare he intrude during the Feast of Peaches?
What unacceptable behavior.
See? Because of that woman
His Highness doesn't respect Celestial customs.
If you really marry into Xiwu Palace in the future
you must not be that way.
Yes.
Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun!
Go back to the palace!
Qian Qian, I trust you've been well since we last met 70,000 years ago.
I heard His Majesty say that Si Yin is a woman from the fox tribe
so I guessed it was you.
When I first saw Si Yin at Kunlun Mountain, I was stunned
that someone else in this world resembles Qian Qian more than I do.
You say you resemble me?
Did you forget what you used to look like?
It just so happens that Zhe Yan of the Ten Miles of Peach Woods
has had a lot of free time lately.
Why don't we invite him over to help you remember?
No matter what you say, I will take your life today.
Then no one would look the same as me.
Yesterday, I took Mo Yuan's body and your son.
I knew you'd come find me.
I've been waiting here for you the whole time.
You've been preserving Mo Yuan's body quite well.
I'm really happy about it.
My son will get High God Mo Yuan's vitality.
Because of your contributions, I'll have them kill you quickly.
That depends on whether you have the ability to do so.
Her eyes aren't good. Is she afraid of the light?
What a blessing.
Seeing you covered in wounds really makes my heart ache for you.
Who will you call upon to save you now?
Since things have come to this, I'll tell you this.
Back then, I used your face to get His Majesty to sleep with me.
So what if you can take on my appearance?
You're just deceiving yourself.
I've loved His Majesty for thousands of years, yet he can't forget about you.
Today, I'll take your life.
Then, I'll be the only one in the world with this face.
Naturally, His Majesty will protect me forever.
Let me tell you something, Xuan Nu.
As a high goddess, even if I close my eyes
I'll still be able to wipe out these useless people by your side.
Kill her for me.
Qian Qian.
If you came an hour earlier, I wouldn't have been injured like this.
I'm sorry for coming late.
Tell me who injured you.
I've already killed everyone who injured me.
That woman is the only one left.
Do you want to take care of it yourself or do you want me to help you?
She humiliated my master and hurt my loved ones.
I will finish her myself.
- A-Yin? - Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, I'm Xuan Nu.
Why do you look just like A-Yin?
Exactly the same, right?
Your Majesty, if we just kill that wench Bai Qian
then I'll be the only one in this world with this face.
If you like it, you can stare at me all day.
I'll also keep protecting you.
You... What's going on?
That woman took my master and your son.
He's also your son.
Son?
Your Majesty, our son will get better soon.
Really.
Look. Look at Mo Yuan.
We'll turn him into an elixir.
You Majesty, you were jealous of Mo Yuan in the past, right?
You don't have to be jealous any more.
Our son will have Mo Yuan's vitality soon.
Shut your mouth.
Am I wrong?
You didn't give the soul jade to Bai Qian back then
because you were jealous of Mo Yuan, right?
Your Majesty, you don't know yet, do you?
She is Si Yin.
Xuan Nu, let me tell you something.
My master's body is extremely precious.
It's received blood from my heart for 70,000 years.
I'm afraid your son won't be able to handle that.
Blood from your heart?
You mean...
Li Jing, let's not talk about your past for the time being.
I want to ask you how you plan on taking care of today's matters.
Do you want to do it privately or publicly?
What happens if it's private? What happens if it's public?
If privately, then pull the limbs of and skin your ghost queen
who doesn't know her place, to alleviate my anger.
If publicly, the Celestial soldiers haven't fought a battle in a long time.
They have a lot of free time.
We can use this opportunity to see
whose army has been training better after all these years.
Your Majesty, are you really going to punish me that harshly?
No, right?
Your Majesty, did you forget?
Did you forget all the things I've done for you?
Without me, would you be ghost lord?
He wouldn't dare to deploy troops! He wouldn't dare.
Don't think I don't know that you wouldn't dare to deploy troops.
You don't have that power!
You're just the Celestial Crown Prince.
Heavenly Lord wouldn't agree to deploy the troops for the sake of one woman.
I'm not deploying troops for the sake of one woman.
High God Mo Yuan is a highly-respected God of the Celestial Tribe.
High Goddess Bai Qian is the future Heavenly Empress.
And A-Li will succeed my position in the future.
Right now, these three people
have suffered extraordinary humiliation at Grand Ziming Palace.
Do you think the Celestial soldiers will just let this slide?
Xuan Nu was always a little crazy.
Otherwise, she wouldn't have made such a grave mistake.
Your Majesty.
I ask that Your Highness show mercy.
Qian Qian.
Do you think we should show mercy?
Celestial Crown Prince, so much for you treating that wench Bai Qian so well.
You don't know, do you?
She and her master...
Qian Qian said her face looks like yours...
But I don't see any similarities at all.
I didn't mind giving you my appearance back then.
But now that I see you using this appearance
it really makes me unhappy.
What are you going to do?
What are you trying to do?
I've always had this appearance.
Don't even think about taking away my beauty!
I wouldn't be scared of you even if you brought Zhe Yan here.
Why would I bring Zhe Yan here?
I was just joking with you back then.
Did you really think Zhe Yan is the only one in the world
who can use magic to change appearances?
I'm not talented but I had nothing to do these past 70,000 years
so I became proficient at this kind of magic.
If you're really going to be skinned and have your limbs pulled
you shouldn't have this appearance while going through that.
What are you going to do? No! No!
No!
Go take a good look at your face.
I told you
if you use Zhe Yan's magic to do evil deeds
it'll come back to bite you.
Qian Qian, can you take care of yourself?
If you can't, just sleep for a bit.
Li Jing.
You do as you see fit.
Why did this happen?
Why did this happen?
This is what I look like! This is what I look like!
I don't want to see this face! I don't want to!
