Master.
I cleaned up the elixir cauldron chamber.
Your seniors have worked hard to restore Kunlun Mountain to its original state.
It feels like the good old days now that we're all together again.
It just came to my mind.
Master took three holy thunderbolts for me here.
You don't remember the tactical strategy or magical skills I taught you.
Who knew that remember such a trivial matter?
I'd never forget your kindness, Master.
In the future, I'll surely be filial to you.
Be filial to me?
Master, are you thirsty?
Shall I make you a pot of hot tea?
It's fine.
Go on with your chores.
All right, I won't disturb Master then.
I'll take my leave now.
How did you get me trapped again?
I taught you everything you know about chess, music, drawing, and studies.
It will be hard for you to surpass me!
Fourth Brother, this is called a landslide defeat.
You keep pacing back and forth.
Are you here to ask for a favor?
You're most probably right.
Fourth Brother, come with me.
Seriously! Kunlun Mountain is your turf.
You even speak to me differently here.
When I get back I'll take you down in the next round.
The same trick again?
Don't underestimate me.
Let's go.
- Fourth Brother, quickly. - Forget it.
I'd better line up the next round for you.
Just in case you lose to me and get upset again.
You'll run off for a few days or weeks.
Fourth Brother, do me a favor.
What? Weren't you quite stern just now?
Now you're begging me?
It's just a small favor.
Is it?
How could you consider
anything related to the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe trivial?
How did you know it has to do with him?
I've never know anyone else
who could make you behave so shy and womanly.
All right, you're the smartest.
It's about him.
Fourth Brother, can you cover for me?
I just need seven or eight hours in the Mortal Realm to check on Ye Hua.
You made such a big deal out of such a trivial favor?
Are you afraid that your seniors will tease you
about your romance if they find out?
Fourth Brother, you don't always get it right after all.
I'm not making such an effort because of my seniors.
I'm just worried about my mentor.
I'm afraid that he's concerned
about his twin's heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm.
He might want to check on him.
You should know how foul it is in the Mortal Realm.
It could hinder my mentor's recovery.
Fourth Brother, you think too highly of me.
I'm such a sensitive person.
If I give you seven or eight hours, I won't get any sleep tonight.
You can have one hour.
Ye Hua is just going through a heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm.
It's nothing serious.
You're bothering to check on him?
Isn't that a bit too clingy?
It's a deal then.
One hour at most.
Otherwise, I'll bring you back here personally.
Fourth Brother, look.
It's snowing on Kunlun Mountain.
It's the first time that you're here with Zhe Yan, right?
You should take a look at the back of the mountain.
Kunlun Mountain is well known for its snow.
Don't bother mentioning the snow.
I wouldn't even bother if there was a fire.
One hour. That's it.
You have to return once I beat Zhe Yan at chess.
That's not right.
The Crown Prince will only be about 10 years old now.
What could she do in the Mortal Realm?
Forget it.
I'll keep that old phoenix waiting.
Let me take a look down there first.
Luan Wuzi didn't have 100 acres of land.
It's also snowing in the Mortal Realm, just like it is on Kunlun Mountain.
He made himself well known to feudal lords of other states.
Other feudal lords were fond of him
and some minor tribes pledged allegiance to him.
Hence, Jin State could remain peaceful.
They stayed uncorrupted and law-abiding.
That's how they steered clear of disasters.
Luan Wuzi didn't have 100 acres of land.
He was too poor to have objects of rituals but he promoted his morals.
He abided by the laws.
He made himself well known to feudal lords of other states.
Other feudal lords were fond of him
and some minor tribes pledged allegiance to him.
Hence, Jin State could remain peaceful.
They stayed uncorrupted and law-abiding.
That's how they steered clear of disasters.
Stop.
Zhao Ge, stand up.
Keep reciting from there.
Yes.
When Huanzi took the throne he was arrogant, greedy, and wasteful.
He violated the law and took bribes.
He should have been punished but he ended his life well
due to the blessings of his father's kind deeds.
It's said that Ye Hua was mentored by
Lord Yuan Shi and Spiritual Master Ci Hang.
He was well mentored in Taoism and celestial powers.
He was said to be the only child prodigy in the Nine Heavens.
These books in the Mortal Realm are too easy for him.
but he could promote his morals, abide by the law...
It's snowing!
- It's snowing! - It's snowing!
Rice is expensive, so is oil!
Liu family has a sickly boy.
Even if the child prodigy knows many words
what good is he if he has no strength?
What are you doing?
They have no manners!
How dare they bully our young master at the Academy?
Exactly! We've tolerated them for more than 10 days.
Let's go and teach them a lesson!
Don't bother.
The Heavenly Lord is so cruel to his own grandson.
He even made him lose his arm in the Mortal Realm as well.
Kind people always suffer.
Young Master is so kind but why would the gods make him lose an arm?
- What happened? - What happened?
This is just a dream.
Hey...
This isn't a dream?
Do you recognize me?
No.
Who are you?
How did you get into my room?
Listen up.
I'm a deity in Qing Qiu.
I snuck a peek into my fate and learned that
we're destined to be married in 10 years.
So, I'm here today to take a look at my future husband.
I'm your future husband?
Judging by your expression, you dislike the way I look?
You're... very pretty.
Do you mean it?
I haven't met many ladies
but even the ones in paintings aren't as beautiful as you are.
Do you believe what I said?
That we're destined to be married?
I have a string of beads here.
When I'm not by your side, will you keep it with you?
I have a jade pendant here.
It's for you.
This is for me?
Thank you. I'll wear it every day.
Yes, I'll wear the beads every day as well.
We've made a promise then.
You can't marry anyone else.
I'll come and visit you whenever I have the time.
When you grow up, I'll marry you.
I only tagged along for some fun.
Who knew...
Who knew that you'd plan so meticulously?
You wouldn't even spare a young boy.
I'm just concerned that he might get caught up in unnecessary romances.
It's said that Second Sister-in-law is the most jealous of all.
Why do I think that you're even worse?
Fourth Brother!
You wouldn't understand even if I explained it to you.
In the entire world, you're the last one to know anything about women.
Young Master, you're awake?
Qing Qiu?
Young Master, what are you looking for?
I'm looking up a place called Qing Qiu.
Qing Qiu?
What a strange name.
I have accompanied Young Master to school every day but I've never heard of it.
Young Master, stop looking it up.
Let's ask your teacher later.
You're right. I can ask my teacher about it.
You haven't heard of it either?
No.
I've read thousands of books, but I've never seen Qing Qiu in any book.
My dear, what brings you here?
Aren't you afraid to be beaten up by your father?
My father's given up on me.
Has my second brother gotten over it already?
He won't try to hinder you anymore?
No, it's not that.
It's just that my father knew
Lord Dong Hua wouldn't have me, no matter what I did.
It doesn't matter if he tries to stop me or not.
Silly girl.
I thought that you'd feel better after you cried.
But you still can't forget him?
There's no way I could forget him.
Even if he speaks to me cruelly or bullies me
I just can't forget him.
If you were told to forget the Crown Prince, could you?
I should be more empathetic.
You still haven't answered me.
Could you do it?
I couldn't.
Old Phoenix, why are you eavesdropping on us?
Little Princess.
High God Mo Yuan and I have been standing here for quite some time.
You should have stepped aside.
How could you eavesdrop on women?
How rude!
You're finally awake?
Feng Jiu!
How can you be so rude to my mentor?
My apologies, High God.
When I saw you standing there...
I haven't recovered from my surprise.
After all, I've seen you asleep in Yan Hua Cave for 70,000 years
so now, seeing you awake, I...
No, I mean, now that I see you so energetic and awe-inspiring
I couldn't adapt quickly enough.
Please forgive me, High God.
It's fine.
You happen to be here today, so why don't you join us for some wine?
Mo Yuan once took a few urns of my thousand-year-old wine.
We can enjoy them today.
Good. Wine can drown one's sorrow.
And make you feel even worse.
I'll leave the sorrows for tomorrow then.
I still remember that you asked me for this wine as Qian Qian's birthday gift.
Exactly.
I also remember that.
It's a pity that I was captured by Master's admirer, Goddess Yao Guang
before I could even take a sip.
She had me locked me in a water cell
so I spent my birthday in there that year.
How unforgettable.
Really? Did that happen?
Let's not talk about someone
who's already in the realm of nothingness.
I was wrong to bring her up.
I'll punish myself with a cup of wine.
Old Phoenix, tell me about Lord Dong Hua's past.
Dong Hua?
He's even worse than Mo Yuan in terms of celibacy.
Why is he said to be celibate again?
Xiao Jiu.
You have to get this straight.
The man you're in love with was once the God of Heaven and Earth.
He's a remarkable man.
Anyway, I'm quite impressed by you.
Of all man, you had to choose him.
You're not to criticize him.
Your little lady is nowhere near as good a drinker as you are.
It's good that she can't drink so she gets drunk faster.
But Zhe Yan, do you know why Lord Dong Hua stays celibate?
It's for the sake of all realms.
Exactly.
It's for the sake of all the realms.
When I came here with Yan Zhi a few days ago
I could still head up the mountain freely.
Now that the divine energy is here, it's so hard for me to get close.
This means that High God Mo Yuan has been restored to his body.
What are you doing up here?
Nothing much.
I just felt that Kunlun Mountain was restored to its former glory
so I came to take a look.
High God Mo Yuan's spirit has returned to his body.
High God Zhe Yan, High God Bai Zhen of Qing Qiu
and that Lady High God are here.
It really is true then.
Thank you for telling me.
This person is so weird.
He's not even happy to hear that High God Mo Yuan has returned.
Could he be... of another tribe?
Perhaps?
Xiao Jiu.
Good morning, Auntie.
It's already late in the day.
Bai Zhen and Zhe Yan have been waiting for you.
They are waiting for me?
Yes, you should know that the Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu
are busy preparing for my wedding with Ye Hua.
You have to take my throne
so it's time you sort yourself out and head back to Qing Qiu.
You'd have me take your throne?
You're the only girl of your generation in our entire clan.
Who else is to take the throne but you?
You also want me to give up on Dong Hua?
I didn't say that.
You're marrying into the Celestial Tribe so you can't keep the throne.
You won't be able to look after our people in Qing Qiu
after you're married into the Celestial Palace.
However, if I wish to marry Lord Dong Hua
I'll also have to marry into the Celestial Palace.
I also won't be able to look after our people in Qing Qiu.
Auntie, you know this but you still want me take your throne?
You mean to make me stay in Qing Qiu forever, don't you?
Xiao Jiu, it's best for you to forget him.
But you said last night that
you wouldn't ever be able to forget Crown Prince Ye Hua either.
Because you like him.
Why would you have me do what you can't do?
Xiao Jiu, listen.
You and Dong Hua are not meant to be.
Why do you keep pushing it?
I thought that after last night I at least had your support.
Even if everyone in our family tries to tie me down
only you would untie me
and let me try again to make Lord Dong Hua like me.
I don't want to become the Queen.
Once I become the Queen, I can never come to the Nine Heavens again!
Xiao Jiu!
Xiao Jiu!
Xiao Jiu!
It still didn't work?
All I told her was to become the Queen of Qing Qiu
and she broke down in tears.
The two of you, one fell in love too soon and the other too late.
Forget it. Leave her to me.
I'll bring her home safely.
Tell Second Brother not to be too harsh on her.
Don't worry.
I know what to do.
You're her aunt so you feel bad for her.
I'm her fourth uncle, how could I not feel bad for her?
Zhe Yan is worried about Mo Yuan's health
so he will stay in Kunlun Mountain for a few more days.
I'll get going now.
All right.
Would you like to see A-Yin?
Yes.
So would I.
This might be the last chance I get to see her.
Isn't the Crown Prince going to marry her soon?
The wedding invitation will surely be sent to Grand Ziming Palace.
My Lord, you can see her then.
I can't wait until then.
You can't wait until then?
Why not?
Aren't they getting married soon?
What are you looking at?
Young lady, you're ruining your pretty face with all that crying.
That's quite a strange sight in Kunlun Mountain.
You dare to say that I'm ruining my face?
I'll keep crying until you can't bear to watch me.
Go ahead.
You're the one who is upset, not me.
Is this cave pretty?
It is very pretty to me.
What a boring man.
Indeed, how boring.
I said that you're a boring man.
I know.
I'm also talking about myself.
Here I stand before the cave and as I look back tens of thousands of years...
I realize just how long and boring my life has been.
- Good baby... - Ghost Lord.
Did you get to see the Crown Prince?
I didn't.
You didn't?
Did you not see the Heavenly Lord or Lord Dong Hua either?
Why not?
Didn't you visit the Celestial Tribe because you were worried that
once Father breaks out of the bell
he will burn all four seas with crimson hellfire?
Now that the Ghost Realm is in chaos
the clan leaders can't suppress the riots anymore.
Li Jing, we have no time to lose.
If Father really breaks out of the bell our people will all support him.
By then, it will be too late to ask the Celestial Tribe for help!
I know.
Li Jing, tell me more.
Let me know what you think.
Otherwise, I'll be worried sick!
Yan Zhi, do you know that A-Yin and the Crown Prince will soon be married?
They are already engaged.
This is also a marriage bond between the Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu.
It will be the most glamorous wedding in all the realms.
I had once thought that as a prince of the Ghost Tribe...
I'd give the woman I love the best wedding ever seen.
Yet it seems so ridiculous when compared to Ye Hua.
Li Jing, I know that all you care about is High God Bai Qian.
But...
Now that High God Mo Yuan has been revived...
A-Yin must be so thrilled in Kunlun Mountain.
High God Mo Yuan has been revived?
That's good.
Li Jing, we'll tell High God Mo Yuan
that our lives enhance the powers of our father.
Inform Kunlun Mountain that our father's power increased
after the death of Li Yuan.
The bell won't keep him sealed for much longer.
We can't tell them.
Why not?
Yan Zhi, have you wondered who should seal him back up
if Father breaks out of the bell?
It would have to be High God Mo Yuan.
The Bell of the East Emperor was created by Mo Yuan himself.
70,000 years ago, he had him sealed up in the bell.
He would have to do it again.
Think it through carefully.
If A-Yin knows that Mo Yuan has to seal the bell again
will she allow her mentor to be vanquished once again?
She will surely risk her life to protect her mentor.
She is about to get married.
I don't want anything to happen to her.
But...
As the Ghost Lord for 70,000 years...
I've never done anything for the welfare of my people or the Ghost Realm.
All I've done is search the Mortal Realm for Si Yin.
Now that it has come to this
if I still don't do anything constructive
then I really am fatuous scum.
Li Jing...
What are you talking about?
What are you doing, Li Jing?
Get up quickly!
Yan Zhi...
I entrust my child to you.
You'll soon become the last royal family member of Grand Ziming Palace.
I also entrust the Ghost Realm to you.
What are you going to do?
Fiery Qilin!
My Lord.
Lock the princess up in the Arctic Lands.
She is not to be let out until the Bell of the East Emperor is resealed.
No! I can't leave Your Lordship!
Behave!
I can't do this!
Do you not regard me as your lord?
It isn't that...
You grew up with me.
Apart from my mother, you're my closest friend.
I can only be at ease if I entrust Yan Zhi and my child to you.
Do you understand?
My Lord, can I come looking for you
after I take the princess to the Arctic Lands?
No.
After my death
you must assist Yan Zhi in becoming the next Ghost Lord.
You're the luckiest magic beast in the Ghost Realm.
With you by her side, no one will dare harm Yan Zhi.
Without my father...
Without me...
They will have to acknowledge Yan Zhi as the Ghost Lord.
Take the princess away now!
- Yes. - Yes.
My Lord...
Leave!
Seven days...
Just give me seven days.
I can surely pull this off.
Ruoshui River has been churning so fiercely these days.
I wonder why.
It can't be that simple.
We have to stay alert.
More visitors are here!
Serve tea!
Zhe Yan, quit fooling around.
I want to sleep for a while.
I didn't sleep well last night...
I'm here to discuss a serious matter.
What serious matter could possibly bring you to Kunlun Mountain?
Mo Yuan has set the date for his meditation.
It will be in seven days.
I have to make him some elixir.
He is take it into meditation to assist with his recuperation.
You have to be my assistant for some time.
Master is going into meditation?
He's been back for 11 days now.
It's about time.
After all, Ye Hua's cultivation is only enough to keep him awake.
He's still very frail.
He needs to recuperate properly.
You've been in either the pharmacy or the elixir chamber recently.
You might not even have had time to have some tea to quench your thirst.
If you have nothing else to do today go and visit your mentor.
I'm afraid that once he goes into meditation
it will be a long while until you meet again.
How long is the meditation?
It might be for a few days or weeks, it could even be 10 years.
I'll visit Master now.
Master likes peach blossoms the most.
I'll go to the back of the mountain to get him some fresh ones for his room.
I love listening to Master play the zither.
It always calms me down.
Will I be able to become a high immortal sooner
if I listen to Master play the zither more often?
Master, I'll assist Zhe Yan in making the elixir tomorrow.
I won't be able to see you for a while.
I'm replacing the peach blossoms in your room with fresh ones today.
Peach Blossoms go bad in a day.
I've asked Sixteenth to replace them for you daily.
You came here tonight just for that?
Master, since you returned to Kunlun Mountain
you've been so busy every day that I haven't had a chance to chat with you.
I heard from Zhe Yan that you're going into meditation soon.
It might take you weeks or even years.
So, I'm here to visit you.
Did I disturb you from playing the zither?
No.
I remember when I first came to Kunlun Mountain
I was still very immature then.
When I learned that you play the zither very well
I pestered you for a tune every day.
Do you remember that?
I do.
Speaking of which, Ye Hua has never played for me.
Does Ye Hua treat you well?
He treats me well, but it's different from how Master treats me.
He's also very sincere.
That's good.
It's snowing!
Such coincidental mishaps...
What is High God thinking about so hard?
I just happen to recall that your mentor told me
about his disciples' hobby of making candied peach blossoms.
That's just for the children.
They are very sweet. Does High God like them?
Really? They're very sweet?
That's good. Pack some for me.
Zhen has always had a sweet tooth.
He never takes medicine when he's sick unless it's sweet.
Zhen?
When did High God get married?
He's not my child.
I'm talking about High God Bai Zhen.
You're right.
Compared to High God Zhe Yan, High God Bai Zhen is indeed a child.
I'll have some bottled for you now.
Master, are you cold?
I'll shut the window.
Don't bother.
It's late.
Seventeenth, you should go to bed.
It's my fault.
I forgot that Master needs to rest well.
I'll take my leave now.
