Over here!
Second Disciple!
Congratulations, Master, on obtaining this magical artifact.
Kunlun Mountain hasn't had a weapon since the Bell of the East Emperor.
Could it be that I will have a new disciple?
- Quick! - That way!
Hurry.
This is Kunlun Mountain?
There is something shining brightly up there.
You'll find out when you reach the top.
Why did you give me the appearance of a boy?
Kunlun Mountain does not accept female disciples.
If you want to be a disciple, you must be a boy.
Remember this.
From this moment on
you are no longer Bai Qian, daughter of Qing Qiu's Fox King.
You will be Si Yin.
You are a wild fox I found
and sent to Kunlun Mountain to become Mo Yuan's disciple.
Will anyone see through the disguise?
- That will depend on luck. - Depend on luck?
Mo Yuan's disciples won't have the ability to.
As for whether Mo Yuan himself can see you are a woman...
that will depend on your luck today.
Where did this brat come from?
He's trying to take my spot as disciple?
Another ignorant and incompetent fellow
who relies on the support of his family's elders to become a disciple.
Mo Yuan is the highly revered God of War.
How could he possibly take in a thin and weak fox?
That...
- Master. - Master.
- Zhe Yan. - Zhe Yan.
How strange. The fan chose him as its owner.
I had thought the God of War would have a ferocious and formidable appearance.
Who would have thought his face would be even prettier than Zhe Yan's.
Could he have seen through Zhe Yan's enchantment?
Si Yin.
Hurry and greet Mo Yuan.
Honorable Mo Yuan, Si Yin from Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods
admires your fame for your fighting prowess.
I came from afar to seek tutelage. I hope you will take me as your disciple.
This artifact holds immense power.
It must not be handed over to one outside of Kunlun Mountain.
It seems he is fated to be my disciple.
Honorable Mo Yuan.
What did you say your name is?
My name is Si Yin.
My name is Zi Lan.
Kunlun Mountain already has 15 disciples.
The two of you came on the same day.
If I accept both of you, who should be the senior?
Zhe Yan, do you have any suggestions?
Zhe Yan, please. I don't want to be the junior.
This wild fox of mine doesn't look very reliable.
Why not have him as the junior?
Then I won't be your disciple.
Young man, you changed your mind so quickly about being a disciple.
What do you take Kunlun Mountain for?
Even if you were brought here by Zhe Yan, you cannot dishonor Kunlun Mountain so.
Why have you changed your mind?
I am the youngest in my family only because I was born last.
How come I have also become the most junior here?
Just because I arrived a moment later than he did?
How unlucky.
Then why don't I give you this magical folding fan weapon? Is that fair?
Master, you just obtained that artifact today.
This fellow sure is lucky.
That is the only magical weapon that has appeared in thousands of years in Kunlun.
Why is it being given to him?
- Exactly. - Yes, that is too unfair.
You must not lie to me.
I never lie.
All right then.
Then I will take you as my master.
Bow.
Rise.
Bow again.
Rise.
Third bow.
Rise.
From this day forth, you will follow Kunlun Mountain's Mo Yuan, God of War
as his sixteenth disciple, Zi Lan.
Thank you, Master.
And his seventeenth disciple, Si Yin.
Thank you, Master.
Master.
What is the name of this fan?
Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun.
- Greetings, Heavenly Lord. - Greetings, Heavenly Lord.
Do not stand on ceremony.
- Thank you, Heavenly Lord. - Thank you, Heavenly Lord.
Greetings, Father.
Word has returned from Kunlun Mountain. Mo Yuan has accepted two disciples today.
He has given the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun to a young disciple.
His name is Si Yin. He is a wild fox that Zhe Yan picked up.
What?
Kunlun Mountain's weapons have the power to terrify the four seas.
Mo Yuan has given it to a fox?
10,000 years ago, Heavenly Father returned to chaos.
The ancient gods also experienced catastrophes and passed away one by one.
Within the Celestial Tribe
only the Dragon Clan, the Phoenix Clan, and the Nine-tailed White Fox Clan
have descendants left in this world now.
They are respected within the Celestial Tribe.
I am a nine-tailed white fox, youngest daughter of Fox King Bai Zhi.
My name is Bai Qian.
Unfortunately, I was too mischievous in my younger days and caused much trouble.
My parents found someone to rein me in.
They let the old phoenix immortal, Zhe Yan, turn me into a boy
give me the name Si Yin, and send me to Kunlun Mountain
to take Zhe Yan's younger brother, Mo Yuan, as my master.
Thus, 20,000 years passed.
Give me your hand.
Miss, your bones tell me your love life is full of adversity.
Presumptuous!
Miss, Miss. Don't listen to his nonsense.
He doesn't know divination by bone structure.
Come to my stall. Allow me to tell you your destiny.
Are you stealing my business?
Think about how much of my business you steal with your pretty face.
Miss, this way please.
Come, sit.
Miss, have you run into some trouble?
Let go.
A strong-spirited lady? I like!
Again?
Every time we're here, we encounter a bully dallying with an innocent lady.
If she is not married yet, there will surely be a hero who will help.
If she is married, a husband will appear out of nowhere, wielding a sword.
- Whether it is a hero... - Or a husband...
- he's certain to be wearing white. - he's certain to be wearing white.
Stop!
Bully, let go of that lady!
Let's go.
Master will find out if we're late.
Men, attack!
Attack!
Attack him.
Hurry up. Master will find out.
He is holding the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun.
It seems he is Si Yin.
You must teach him a lesson.
There is no rush.
Master, please have tea.
Quick, kneel.
You went to the mortal realm again?
Master, don't give them a hard time.
This time, they went to the mortal realm to offer divination.
They were only looking for something new to do. They didn't cause any trouble.
Senior is the best.
Are you saying I am intentionally giving you a hard time?
No, I...
Senior!
Master, you just returned today. You should rest.
They won't cause much trouble. I can look after them.
I do feel a bit tired. You may all go.
- Yes, Master. - Yes, Master.
Seventeenth, stay behind.
Yesterday, I passed by Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods
and brought back three peach blossom wines for you from Zhe Yan.
The peach blossom wine that Zhe Yan brews himself?
It sure is Zhe Yan's craft.
Thank you, Master.
It is good wine, but don't drink too much or else it will be bad for your health.
Don't worry, Master.
I understand.
A little brings cheer, too much harms the health.
Master, why did you bring back wine for me?
Isn't it your birthday tomorrow?
Right! I forgot it is my birthday tomorrow.
Thank you, Master.
You are so good to me. Better than the old phoenix.
Who could come and go from Kunlun Mountain with such ease?
Are you that lady?
That is correct. The lady you met today is our goddess.
Do you know who our goddess is?
She is the goddess, Yao Guang
who conquered the world with Mo Yuan in the olden days.
Goddess Yao Guang?
Oh no, Senior Disciple said Yao Guang has always adored Master
and even moved her home to Kunlun Mountain.
Could she have wanted to lure Master into fighting her
thereby producing a bit of affection by recognizing each other's talents
so she used me as bait?
Don't get lost in thought.
We are not done yet.
Although you have committed a serious offense, our goddess is merciful.
From this day forth, you will follow our goddess as her disciple
and devote yourself to religious practice to tame your mischievous heart.
I am already Mo Yuan's seventeenth disciple, Si Yin.
Why would I follow them instead? Don't even think about it.
Insolent.
Mo Yuan is so magnificent.
How could he have such a naughty disciple?
As a lady, admiring an outstanding man is not embarrassing.
However, kidnapping his disciple to interact with him
is a massive embarrassment.
Do not speak such irresponsible remarks.
You're the one making irresponsible remarks.
My master treats me well because he takes pity on my past
and was entrusted by an old friend.
As for you, you kidnapped me
not only to make me be your disciple, but also to keep me here.
My master's one finger is already a thousand times better than you.
You want me to be your disciple? Don't even think about it.
Do you dare say that again?
My master's one finger is already a thousand times better than you.
You want me to be your disciple? Don't even think about it.
Very well.
Very well.
Since you are so stubborn...
Take him to the water dungeon and lock him up for three days.
- Yes. - Yes.
A fox spirit dares to argue with our goddess?
You deserve to be in the water dungeon.
Our water dungeon is most torturous.
Every hour, it will fill up to the top.
Enjoy slowly, little fox.
It's just a water dungeon.
You are serious?
Hey!
Let me go!
Let me out! Let me out!
Someone!
Anyone!
Let me out!
Let me out!
Let me out!
Someone!
- He's not in the forest. - I haven't found him.
Not at the lotus pond.
- Nor the back of the mountain. - Nor the back hall.
- None of you found him? - No.
Seventeenth loves to drink. He wouldn't let the jugs of wine break.
He must have been taken away in a hurry
causing the wine jugs to fall to the ground.
Who would dare kidnap someone from Kunlun Mountain?
Could it be the Ghost Tribe?
- The Ghost Tribe? - The Ghost Tribe?
No, they wouldn't.
Unless it is Ghost Lord Qing Cang.
Aside from him, any other from the Ghost Tribe who dared come to Kunlun
would have had their demon powers suppressed by the divine energy.
and would have been no match for Seventeenth.
It is definitely not the Ghost Tribe.
It's someone I couldn't catch up to, who managed to kidnap Seventeenth.
They seem to be very familiar with Kunlun Mountain.
But besides us disciples, who else would be so familiar with Kunlun Mountain?
Could it be Yao Guang?
Yes! Aside from us, Yao Guang knows this place best.
Go search again. Ling Yu and I will go to Master.
- Yes. - Yes.
- Master. - Master.
Seventeenth is missing.
Missing?
- Have you searched the wine cellar? - We have.
Master, we are thinking...
Speak.
After Ninth Disciple heard the shattering of wine jugs
he noticed a black shadow flash by.
He couldn't catch up to it. Later on, we noticed Seventeenth was missing.
Master, even Ninth Disciple couldn't catch it.
How familiar with Kunlun Mountain must that person be?
Moreover, besides the few of us here at Kunlun Mountain
only Yao Guang's residence is nearby.
We are thinking perhaps Seventeenth spoke carelessly
and offended one of Yao Guang's people.
However, we don't dare to search for him without permission.
Bring him up after another hour.
Kindly persuade him to leave Mo Yuan.
- Yes. - Yes.
Why does Mo Yuan favor him so?
Has he truly been enticed by his looks?
Mo Yuan?
Is one of my Kunlun Mountain disciples in the water dungeon?
Mo Yuan, did you listen to someone's provocation?
Why would my water dungeon have a Kunlun Mountain disciple?
We have known each other for thousands of years.
You should know I do not like to argue needlessly.
- Move aside. - Mo Yuan.
This is my residence. How dare you barge in as you please?
Step aside.
I respect you as the God of War.
However, this is my residence.
Without my permission
not even the Heavenly Lord would dare step foot inside.
- Yao Guang! - Yao Guang!
Mo Yuan!
Master, you're here.
Seventeenth, are you all right?
I was just drowned in water a few times.
I am not that delicate.
You have matured a lot tonight. You've learned to try to brave.
I still have to drink peach blossom wine.
I still have to celebrate my birthday.
Seventeenth!
Mo Yuan.
- Mo Yuan, listen to me. - No need.
I am afraid of you spoiling this disciple of yours all day long
and being subjected to criticism by those in the Celestial Palace.
When have I, Mo Yuan, ever feared what others say?
I am doing this for your own good.
You are a son of Heavenly Father's first wife.
You are the God of War.
You should be revered all around the world.
You should not be subjected to criticism because of a mere disciple.
The seventh day of the second month. The summit of Mount Cangwu.
I will settle this debt with you.
He is requesting to meet on the summit of Mount Cangwu?
He is going to settle this debt with me?
Master.
Master.
Master.
Master.
Master.
Master.
Master!
- It's so painful. - Master.
It's no matter.
I will look after him.
Then I will check on the medicine.
Master.
Master.
It's all right now.
I will protect you.
That goddess is not worthy of my master.
Not worthy...
- Mo Yuan. - Your Highness.
Why have you come to Kunlun Mountain so late at night?
Father has heard you will be dueling Yao Guang on the summit of Mount Cangwu.
He has ordered me to come mediate.
You know relations between the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe
are no longer as good as before.
Ghost Lord Qing Cang could find an excuse at any time
to start a war against the Celestial Tribe.
If the amity between the two of you is affected by such a trivial matter
it is indeed inappropriate.
Mo Yuan, must you insist on this battle?
I insist.
Otherwise, I will not be able to answer to all in Kunlun Mountain.
Kunlun Mountain is sacred land.
How can anyone be allowed to just break in
and kidnap anyone they want?
Your Highness, do you not agree?
You are right.
However, you need not worry.
Please ask His Majesty to not worry either.
This is a personal matter between me and Yao Guang.
Should the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe one day wage war...
whether it is Kunlun Mountain or Yao Guang's Residence
we'll both fight with all our strength.
That is righteous.
You are right.
Father, that is what Mo Yuan said.
When that fox received the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun
I was very astonished.
Now Mo Yuan has become angered for his sake
and hesitates not to battle Yao Guang.
If I get the chance, I would like to meet him
and see what gifts he possesses for Mo Yuan to hold him in such favor.
Look!
Master won. Master won.
Our master is God of War. How could he lose?
- That's right. - Yes.
Master wouldn't lose.
I've lost.
I am utterly defeated.
Then please move out of Kunlun Mountain.
Mo Yuan!
What else is there?
Back in the day, during the great war between Celestials and Ghosts...
we were bonded as comrades.
Yet now...
Now, everything seems to have faded.
We were merely acquaintances. You are overstating.
Master breaks another woman's heart.
Master dotes on Seventeenth the most.
Who told her to pick on Seventeenth?
All right, that's enough. Master already noticed us.
- Get going. - Let's go.
Seventeenth.
You're awake? Do you feel better?
I'm all right now.
I thought I'd be stuck in the water dungeon for another 10 days or so.
You fell asleep as soon as we returned.
You clung to Master's hand while dreaming and mumbled about being in pain.
You wouldn't let go no matter what.
Master was upset when he heart that.
He stroked your back and comforted you by saying
Don't be afraid. Master is here.
You were just like a little girl.
I have to see Master.
Master is dueling with Yao Guang on the summit of Mount Cangwu.
I still have to see him.
With your cloud jumping abilities
he'll be back before you even reach Mount Cangwu.
Senior. Seventeenth, you're up? Have something to eat.
And also...
Master told me to tell you you are to make
30,000 copies of True Classic of Vacuity
in half a month as discipline.
30,000 copies?
By the way, there is a woman in the drawing room
who says she is from Qing Qiu.
A woman?
Xuan Nu?
There is someone who looks more like Bai Qian than I do?
And it is a man?
Where did this young lady come from?
She seems to bear a remarkable resemblance to me.
Si Yin, my name is Xuan Nu.
I am the younger sister of Bai Xuan's wife.
You are from Qing Qiu?
I think I've heard them mention you before.
I heard from my sister that you've lived with Zhe Yan for thousands of years
and are great friends with the Qing Qiu.
Yes, when I lived with Zhe Yan
I often called them my brothers just as Bai Qian did.
Qian Qian?
Speaking of her, I haven't seen her in thousands of years.
This is the younger sister of the wife of Qing Qiu's Bai Xuan.
This is Mo Yuan's senior disciple.
He is Die Feng, second prince of Water King of the West Sea.
I did not know of your esteemed status. I have been impolite.
Our past identities matter not in Kunlun Mountain.
We are all Master's disciples. There is no need for such formalities.
Yes.
Since you know each other, you two can talk.
I will be going now.
Si Yin, this is a letter from Bai Zhen.
This letter contains everything he is entrusting to you.
A letter from Fourth Brother?
Why didn't he come himself?
Bai Yi's baby girl is about to be born.
All the immortals in Qing Qiu have gathered there.
When I left Qing Qiu, Second Brother had just married.
He is having a baby already?
They already know the gender of the baby?
With Zhe Yan around, it'd be hard not to know.
Let me read this.
Fifth Sister, Xuan Nu is being forced by her father
to marry a bear.
She ran all the way to Big Brother's abode.
Big Sister-in-law was afraid she would be found, so I thought of you.
Kunlun Mountain is sacred ground. People would not think to search there.
Let Xuan Nu hide there for now as a favor to Big Sister-in-law.
Me? Why aren't you taking on this problem?
Why are you throwing it to me?
I also feel leaving you with this problem isn't right.
But in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods, Zhe Yan and I are the only two men.
How can we take care of an unmarried woman?
You are a woman and have also known Xuan Nu since childhood.
I would be more at ease leaving her in your care.
By the way, she does not know you are Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
I did not tell her.
I've finished reading it.
Fourth Brother just left you to me.
I really am in a difficult spot.
If you find it a difficult task
then I... I...
Don't cry.
I have to ask Master if you can stay. Wait here for me.
Don't cry.
Senior.
Seventeenth?
Aren't you keeping your cousin company? Why are you here?
There are some things that need Master's approval first.
I really can't believe she isn't your sister.
You two look so similar standing side by side.
The world is so large. There are bound to be coincidences.
Senior, do you think I should keep Xuan Nu here?
You say Xuan Nu ran away from home to escape being forced into marriage.
She only came here because she had nowhere else to go.
If that really is the case, it would not be a problem for her to stay for a while.
Will Master allow it?
Back when Yao Guang had one-sided affections for Master
she moved her entire residence here.
Master did not think too much of it.
He even told us that those who come are guests
and we must do what we can.
Xuan Nu is just staying here for a while.
Master probably won't be too inflexible.
But Kunlun Mountain is full of men.
Where will she stay?
In your quarters.
- Master. - Master.
Kunlun Mountain is full of male disciples.
It would be an inconvenience no matter where she stays.
She came to see you. It would be most fitting for her to stay in your quarters.
But I am also male.
Master is right.
Since she came looking for me, I should be the one taking care of her.
How are the copies coming along?
Didn't Ling Yu tell you?
Master, after 30,000 copies of True Classic of Vacuity
my fox claws would be falling off.
Can it be a smaller number?
No.
All right, Master. After I take care of Xuan Nu, I will start my punishment.
Master, I will get back to organizing.
This is right near my quarters.
Stay here for now. If you need anything, tell me.
Thank you for taking me in.
Do not thank me.
Without my master's permission, nobody would dare let a woman stay here.
Si Yin.
When you were living in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods
did anyone tell you that you look just like Qian Qian?
People often said that.
Fourth Brother even said we look like twins.
I think you have some of her charm as well.
That's just a coincidence.
She is Qing Qiu's future female monarch.
How could I compare to her?
I'm afraid hiding here will be of no use.
In the end, I'll still have to marry that black bear spirit.
Don't be so disheartened.
Perhaps things will have changed after a good night's sleep.
I can't talk any longer. I have to start my punishment.
Little golden lotus, little golden lotus.
Starting today, I have to copy True Classic of Vacuity 30,000 times.
I won't be able to look after you.
I'll take care of you again when I come back.
