Your Majesty!
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! Your Majesty!
Your Majesty, you can't believe what that wench Bai Qian said.
She used sorcery!
She used sorcery to make me this way!
Your Majesty! Your Majesty!
That wench Bai Qian and I have been on bad terms since we were young.
You can't believe her! You can't believe her!
You and I have been married for 70,000 years
yet I've never truly understood you.
70,000 years.
70,000 years.
Your Majesty, you can't treat me this way.
You can't.
You've offended the Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu.
How can I help you?
Do you want me to become enemies
with the entire Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu solely because of you
and have corpses of the ghost tribe all over the place?
Your Majesty, Bai Qian hates me
because I stole the tactical formation from Kunlun Mountain back then.
I caused her master to die.
That's why she's hated me for 70,000 years.
She's taking this opportunity to kill me.
But Your Majesty
I went to steal the tactical formation back then because of you.
Because your father wanted to kill you.
I saved your life, Your Majesty.
I betrayed the Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu because of you.
Now... you can't treat me like this now.
Even if I neglect governmental affairs, I am still Ghost Lord.
The only ones I need to protect are my people.
Guards.
Lock Ghost Queen in the Arctic Lands.
I will pick a date...
- to punish her. - Yes.
No.
No!
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty!
Let me out of here!
I am the Ghost Queen.
How dare you lock me in here!
I will kill you!
I will kill you all!
Your Majesty, you can't do this to me.
I've done so much for you.
Without me, you wouldn't be Ghost Lord now.
70,000 years.
We've been married for 70,000 years.
You'd actually... You'd actually pull my limbs off and skin me
because of that wench Bai Qian?
Who is it?
Who is it?
Is it Your Majesty?
Your Majesty, is that you?
You're not His Majesty.
Who are you?
Xuan Nu?
Li Yuan?
You're Li Yuan!
That's impossible.
When you had an armed rebellion in the Far North 300 years ago
didn't His Majesty kill you?
Did Li Jing tell you that?
I've been trapped in this dark place for 300 years.
But to the Ghost Tribe, Li Yuan is already dead?
What does it have to do with me whether you're alive or dead?
At least he's kept you alive by locking you here.
But he'd actually pull my limbs off and skin me
because of that wench Bai Qian.
If he wanted to pull your limbs off and skin you
why didn't he lock you up using an immortal seal?
I know he can't bear to.
I've been married to him for 70,000 years.
I even have a child with him.
He even blocked a blow from Bai Qian's Kunlun fan for me today.
But so what if we're married?
If he really cared about me as his wife
he should go to war with the Celestial Tribe for my sake
instead of killing me to answer to the Celestial Tribe.
He is a ghost lord, yet...
yet because of one word from the celestial crown prince
he can't even protect his queen.
If he doesn't want to protect you
can't you protect yourself?
I can help you.
You?
If you were that capable, you wouldn't have been locked in here for 300 years.
Li Jing sealed me here.
He has sealed all my magic powers
and tied me here.
Of course I can't escape.
But you can.
Don't you want to leave here alive?
Yes! I won't just die like this.
If I die, I want that wench Bai Qian to die first!
Tell me, are you a woman?
Celestial Crown Prince, so much for you treating that wench Bai Qian so well.
You don't know, do you?
She and her master...
Xuan Nu, let me tell you something.
My master's body is extremely precious.
It's received blood from my heart for 70,000 years.
I'm afraid your son won't be able to handle that.
I heard from Tian Shu that you hurried over to Ghost Realm
to save your beloved.
I thought you'd have to fight at least 300 rounds.
How come you came back unscathed?
If it has anything to do with Bai Qian
you always come back half dead with bruises all over.
Back then, did you know High God Mo Yuan well?
And High Immortal Si Yin...
Is he really Mo Yuan's favorite disciple, as the rumors say?
Why are you suddenly asking about them?
Back then, I did see the two of them.
Mo Yuan had a special relationship with that disciple.
He was the only one Mo Yuan brought to Lord of Numinous Treasure's gathering.
I also heard another rumor.
What?
Rumor has it that because Yao Guang loved Mo Yuan back then
she forcefully moved her home to Kunlun Mountain.
Later, out of jealousy, she captured Si Yin.
Mo Yuan was furious.
He barged into Yao Guang's water prison cell
with the Sword of the Yellow Emperor
in the middle of the night to save Si Yin.
And then?
Then Mo Yuan had a duel with Yao Guang because of this.
He kicked Yao Guang out of Kunlun Mountain.
If this is true
then Mo Yuan really does love his last disciple very much.
Qian Qian, did you forget about me
because you wanted to forget our love
and not because you blamed me for taking your eyes?
The person you've been waiting 70,000 years for...
Has it always been Mo Yuan?
Did I say something wrong?
Qian Qian should be awake at this hour.
I'm going to Qing Qiu to brew her medicine.
Our crown prince will never escape from the palm of Bai Qian's hand.
Where is His Highness?
He asked me to make you a new pot of tea just now.
Why did he disappear?
He went to Qing Qiu.
He went to Qing Qiu again?
Princess Miao Qing, I'll give you some advice.
You've set your heart on the wrong person.
You should go home and ask your brother to find you a nice man to marry.
Even if you served here as a maid for 100,000 years
you will never catch Ye Hua's eye.
I will take my leave now.
Bi Fang, why are you here?
How do you feel? Better?
I feel much better after sleeping.
Didn't you go out west?
Fourth Brother didn't go see you?
Are you thirsty? Do you want water?
Sure.
Thank you, Fourth Brother.
You're Fourth Brother, right?
Because I was just in a battle and my magic is weak right now
I couldn't see that you used magic to change your appearance.
You took on Bi Fang's appearance to tease me.
All right. Even though your appearance is identical to his
your personality is too different.
Haven't you seen how Bi Fang treats me normally?
He's completely indifferent and doesn't pay any attention to me.
I didn't change my appearance. I am truly Bi Fang.
Zhe Yan and His Highness went to West Sea to take care of some business.
I was bored guarding the Peach Woods, so I came here to see you.
You're Bi Fang?
Yes, you bird types are cold unlike us fox types.
I was just randomly spewing things. Don't take it to heart.
If I was by your side at that time
even if I was covered in wounds, I wouldn't let them hurt you one bit.
Of course you would.
After all, we're from the same fox den.
If you fight with someone one day
I would go and cheer for you too.
Qian Qian, how long are you going to keep playing dumb?
You know how much I've adored you since I've come to Qing Qiu.
Are you saying those things to make me angry?
You... What did you say?
Because you were engaged to the celestial crown prince
I had to make an effort to hide my real feelings.
But now, you've been through such a disaster!
Yet Ye Hua couldn't protect you one bit.
While I was out, I was asking around about him.
I heard that he has a side consort.
Who knows if a romantic like him can treat you wholeheartedly?
How can I be at ease leaving you with him?
- I- - Qian Qian.
That Bi Fang is so stubborn.
He knows that Aunt and Celestial Crown Prince are engaged
yet he won't let it go.
They say that bird types are very faithful.
If they have their heart set on one person
they will be with that person forever.
Bi Fang, what are you to do?
But it's strange.
After Crown Prince brought High God Mo Yuan back here, he didn't say anything.
Could he have already known that Aunt is Si Yin?
Drink this medicine.
You see...
I was first engaged to the Celestial Tribe.
I'm happy that you say you adore me.
But we're not fated to be.
In all things, we must consider first come first served, right?
If you're willing to be with me
I'm willing to offend the Celestial Tribe.
Why don't you leave first?
You just have to tell me whether you're willing to be with me.
I'm someone who respects proper etiquette.
Since I have an engagement with the Celestial Tribe
of course I wouldn't do anything
to make Qing Qiu and the Nine Heavens look bad, right?
I'm grateful that you say you adore me.
But we just aren't fated to be.
I won't say any more.
If you can't stop your feelings for me
you should continue hiding them.
I know how you feel about me now.
I will always remember it.
Here, drink some medicine.
All right, you can get back to your work.
I'm tired. I'm tired.
Qian Qian.
You know that whenever you don't want me by your side
your reason is always that you're tired?
Is it?
Isn't this my first time saying this?
Qian Qian.
Everything you just said was sincere.
What should I do now?
After getting rid of one, another one comes.
Letting me get this close to you right now...
Everything you've done for me since I've come to Qing Qiu...
Is it only because we're engaged?
If you were engaged to someone else, would you also be like this?
Why is he asking such a strange question?
Isn't it obvious?
If we weren't engaged
would he be able to freeload off of me here again and again?
Mi Gu would have kicked him out when he first got to Qing Qiu.
He wouldn't have gotten to come inside the Fox Den
and gotten one of the best rooms.
Of course it's not just because we're engaged that I treat you like this.
You see, all this time that you've been at the Fox Den
you've worked so hard reading all the documents.
You've even cooked for us.
I really appreciate all that you've done for us.
I'll remember them too.
As they say, give and take.
Since you've given me a peach
of course I have to give you a plum.
If I don't have a plum
I have to at least substitute it with a loquat for now.
Although we are engaged
if it were someone else, he wouldn't treat me as well as you do.
I've never cooked for anyone else.
I've only cooked for you.
Your cooking skills are really good.
You should find the opportunity to cook for your father, mother, and grandfather.
Then you'd be the true embodiment of filial piety.
I didn't do all this for you because we're engaged.
I didn't come to live in Qing Qiu just because A-Li misses you.
So cooking is your hobby?
That's a good hobby. It's really practical.
Qian Qian, I love you.
Today... what's going on today?
I've had no budding romances for thousands of years
and now I suddenly have two.
One after the other, they both say they adore me.
What's going on?
You can't joke about this kind of thing.
I've never been more serious in my life.
Without love, people can still be married for a long time.
But I want to love you for a long, long time.
after a married couple has been together for a long time
the romance in the air weakens.
Slowly, you just become family.
You see, we're quite like a family right now, right?
So I think we can skip over the middle part.
What do you think?
I know that for someone your age
you should go through a few relationships.
So since your feelings for me aren't that strong yet
you should get rid of them quickly.
You'll know when you get to my age.
You'll stop caring deeply about many things.
You'll lose interest in something like love.
It's a world where it's lonely at the top.
I've always thought that the engagement agreement that binds us together
was unfair for you.
You're still so young.
But you don't have to be too upset about it.
If we really do get married, I will make arrangements
so that you can marry a few young and beautiful side consorts.
Are you saying what you truly feel?
Yes. It's truly how I feel.
So you're saying these things to upset me?
It really does seem as if he truly loves me.
What do I do?
I have to take some time to think about this.
I will only love you.
I won't love anyone else.
A-Li has already returned to the Celestial Palace.
He will be fine after resting for a few days.
I wanted to take you there too.
The Heaven's Spring in Lord of Numinous Treasures's Realm of Supreme Purity
can help you heal your wounds.
But that mount kept getting in my way
so you'll have to decide if you want to go or not.
I'll do as you suggest.
Hurry and get some sleep.
If I didn't see Mo Yuan myself
I wouldn't have dared to believe that someone could look so much like me.
Qian Qian, did you look upon me as High God Mo Yuan
and that's why you allowed me to stay in Qing Qiu?
Xuan Nu and Kunlun Mountain really have an ill-fated relationship.
The thing I regret the most is falling for her scheme 70,000 years ago.
I let her into Kunlun Mountain and she was able to steal the tactical formation.
She caused the deaths of Master and so many Celestial soldiers.
There is something that I don't understand.
Back then, how did Si Yin take away Mo Yuan's body
under all the disciples' watchful eyes?
Since you're asking me that, I won't keep it from you.
I am quite ashamed.
70,000 years ago
Master sacrificed his soul to seal the Bell of the East Emperor.
It was Seventeenth who got all of us disciples drunk
and took Master's body away from Kunlun Mountain.
That's what happened?
At that time, we were all in mourning.
We didn't think Seventeenth would do such a thing.
But I know that it was because Seventeenth didn't want
Master to be buried in the Sea of Innocence.
Because he didn't believe that Master was dead.
Why do you think Si Yin has been avoiding all the other disciples for 70,00 years?
I don't really know either.
From what I know about Seventeenth, he hasn't appeared in 70,000 years...
probably because he has a way to make Master come back.
If you have no other questions, I'll go back to West Sea.
My mother sent me a tearful letter a few days ago.
She says my brother's illness has gotten worse.
It's time for me to go back to see him.
What happened?
My brother's illness came out of nowhere.
He's especially weak right now.
Fortunately a few days ago, Zhe Yan was able to go by to see him.
Hopefully he can find the cause of the illness.
With Zhe Yan there, you don't have to worry.
I hope it is as you say.
Your Highness.
Tidy up the room.
Someone will come to live here tomorrow.
To live in Hall of Beautiful Youth?
When A-Li sees her, he'll be absolutely delighted.
He won't let her live anywhere else.
It's that High Goddess?
Before A-Li fell asleep, he kept mentioning that high goddess's name.
He said he liked eating with his mother at Qing Qiu
and buying toys and food at the Mushroom Market.
He said it was merrier there than at the Celestial Palace.
His Highness hasn't let anyone step into this courtyard for 300 years.
Because that High Goddess is the next Celestial Queen
she gets special treatment?
Your Highness.
I heard His Highness has come back.
He left again.
He left again?
He went to Qing Qiu again?
Yes.
Did you speak to His Highness?
No.
It's okay. There will be an opportunity eventually.
His Highness is the crown prince of the celestial tribe.
He won't keep living in Qing Qiu.
And even if that Bai Qian is the queen of Qing Qiu
she'll have to come to Xiwu Palace eventually.
After all, she is the crown princess consort.
You and I just have to quietly wait.
Yes.
Don't disappoint me.
I wonder how Master's body is doing.
I should go take a look.
Aunt, why are you awake?
I want to go see Master.
Are those documents that Ye Hua had that immortal send over?
Yes. I'm afraid that since Heavenly Lord wants Crown Prince to succeed the throne
there are increasingly more and more documents.
Because Crown Prince has been taking care of you the past few days
he hasn't looked at any of his documents.
I just helped him organize them.
Where is Ye Hua?
He went back to the Celestial Palace.
I think he'll be back soon.
Go do your work.
I'm going to go to Yanhua Cave.
With Mi Gu here, Master will get taken care of.
Master, 300 years ago
Zhe Yan told me that you would wake up soon.
It's already been 300 years, but you haven't moved at all.
I don't know if he's lying to me.
Every day I think about how great it would be when you come back
and we get to reunite with all the other disciples.
No matter how I look at it, Qing Qiu's scenery is still the best.
It's a pity that Ye Hua has been cooking for us every day since he came to Fox Den
so I haven't gotten a chance to take him around.
Qian Qian.
Ye Hua. Ye Hua, you-
Ye Hua, what are you doing?
I thought you were going to jump into the lake.
Because it's so hot, I-
Qian Qian.
I won't let you...
Weren't you going through documents in your room?
Why are you here all of a sudden?
When Mi Gu went to give you your dinner, he saw that you weren't there.
He told me, so I came out to find you.
Let's go back.
Since coming back from Grand Ziming Palace
he's never asked me about Master.
That's weird.
Fifth Sister, did you drink?
Why are you so red?
The scenery in Qing Qiu is so nice
so I brought Crown Prince here to look around.
The setting sun, the light breeze, the fragrance of a lake full of lotus...
It really is a nice place to date.
Bi Fang sent us a letter this afternoon saying that you were beaten half dead.
Your fourth brother and I thought this was a rare occurrence
and came back to see how you were beaten half to death.
Last time when I was half dead, I was a bit lacking in manners.
I got better on my own without letting you see me.
I was really sorry about that.
Although I was heavily injured this time, it wasn't that bad that I was half dead.
I'm sorry for disappointing you.
Where's all this anger coming from?
Forget it. Forget it.
Since I've made you angry
I'll have to give you a treasured item to alleviate your anger.
Here, I'll give you this fan.
It was painted by the Water King of the West Sea himself.
You lucked out.
The old phoenix knows to apologize with a gift.
You are very smart indeed.
But what did you two go to West Sea for?
A few days ago, we ran into Second Prince of West Sea.
He said he wanted to ask Zhe Yan for a favor, so we went to West Sea.
Senior needed something?
Oh? So you've told Ye Hua everything?
You've had us old fogeys hide your connection to
Kunlun Mountain and all those events all these years.
Now we don't have to lie anymore.
A while ago, Xuan Nu stole Master's body.
Ye Hua helped me bring him back.
Let's not talk about that now.
Your brother and I are quite tired after coming back from West Sea.
Why don't we go inside the fox den?
I didn't expect you to get angry over words.
High God Zhe Yan sure is capable.
He's so much older than me. It's okay to be angry with him.
If a younger immortal offended me through words
I wouldn't bicker over it.
I wish you would bicker with me about everything.
What's there to bicker about with you?
Aunt!
Your Highness.
Ghost Lord Li Jing would like to see you.
He's already waited for half the day at the entrance.
What does he want?
What perfect timing.
What luck I have today. I just so happen to be here when it's so lively.
Kick him out of the cave.
Huh? Aunt, he's waiting at the entrance.
He hasn't come inside.
Let him leave whenever he wants.
You have to resolve things.
Dragging things out will just increase your worries.
Rather than finding another time, why don't we just resolve things today?
What's there to resolve between me and him?
Everything has already been resolved long ago.
Since your fourth brother is back, he has taken my study room.
I can't read my documents tonight, so you'll have to play go with me.
I'll have Mi Gu pack some clothes for you.
Come with me to Celestial Palace tomorrow.
