Your Majesty...
Jiu'er.
I'm really happy that you carried me home.
But you're drenched.
That makes me very upset.
In the future...
In the future, we'll walk home only after the rain stops. All right?
All right.
This is not real.
What isn't real?
It isn't real to call you, Your Majesty.
You're Dong Hua.
Lord Dong Hua.
You look better like this.
You were a bit ugly in your mortal form.
Was I?
Could I be ugly?
I was just teasing you.
You look great in every form.
I even cut off my tail for you.
In my dream...
Shouldn't you reciprocate my feelings for you?
Don't tell her...
that I was here.
It was indeed a sweet dream last night.
You're awake, little fool.
You're never to do anything foolish again.
You cut off your tail...
Fortunately, Zhe Yan did it first.
Otherwise, you'd be the first eight-tailed little fox in Qing Qiu.
Father told me
that the tails of a nine-tailed fox can do a great many things.
I wanted to see if it could carve my name and Dong Hua's name
on the Rock of Three Incarnations.
I've said all that I should.
I'm now at a loss for words.
I can only sigh.
Auntie, who do you think I dreamed about last night?
It definitely wasn't me, right?
I'll have Mi Gu accompany you back to the Fox Den today to get some rest.
Once I'm done cultivating all the elixir needed for my mentor's meditation
I'll head home to keep you company.
You're not to act foolishly again.
Don't worry, Auntie.
Cutting off a tail is as good as having died once.
I've suddenly figured some thing out.
You suddenly fell out of love with him?
No.
There's still plenty of time.
I'll surely find a way.
Xin Nu, look.
Does it resemble her?
Yes, it looks almost exactly like her now.
Your Highness...
I made this out of my magical powers.
It won't last for long.
It's unlike what Ye Hua had wanted to make out of the Soul-gathering Lamp.
Your Highness, it took you days to create this.
What does it do?
I'll have her accompany His Highness through the trial in the Mortal Realm.
You mean to send her to the Mortal Realm to accompany His Highness?
Didn't I tell you that Bai Qian and I share the same weakness?
We're both in love with Ye Hua.
Once she's in love with Ye Hua she will get jealous.
Just like I was jealous of Su Su and Ye Hua's affection.
I want Bai Qian to know that she's just a substitute for Su Su.
So what if she's a high god of Qing Qiu?
In the end, she is but a substitute for that dead mortal.
She's no different from this wooden figurine.
You want her to act like Su Su and stay by His Highness's side
to upset Bai Qian.
Exactly.
Bai Qian will be jealous of this substitute
as much as I was with Su Su.
Her status as a high god doesn't make her any different!
From now on, you are to keep an eye on this woman at all times.
Inform me immediately if you see Bai Qian visiting His Highness.
Yes.
Lift your chin up and let me take a look at you.
That woman wasn't as gentle as you are.
She was strong-minded and unyielding.
It doesn't matter.
His Highness has lost his memory in his mortal form.
He won't remember that mortal.
From now on, your name is Su Su.
Yes.
Young Master ranked first in the examination!
- Great! - Congratulations!
My Young Master is giving out celebratory pastries.
Come and have some.
- Yes! - Yes!
- Congratulations! - Congratulations!
- Thank you! - Thank you, Young Master!
Thank you, Young Master!
You're here?
Sir, have you mistaken me for someone else?
Indeed...
You might resemble her, but you are not her.
Sir!
Could you be so kind as to buy me?
I really need some money to bury my father.
Since I resemble that lady you have on your mind
could you help me for the sake of that?
Young Master, let's go.
There are many like her on the streets.
Sir!
Take this.
Thank you, sir.
Do you have anyone else?
No, I have no one else.
Bury your father and then come over to my manor.
Really?
Of course.
Young Master is the top scholar.
Why would he lie to you?
Thank you, sir.
You've been in the elixir chamber for six straight days.
Aren't you bored?
How could I be bored making the elixir for Master?
Sixteenth, do you remember the day we asked to train under Master?
How could I not?
We stepped into the Grand Hall at the same time to train under Master.
We even argued for a long time
about who was the Sixteenth and who was the Seventeenth Disciple.
Speaking of which, Master favored you more.
Although I was made the senior
he gave the cultivated Jade Purity Fan to you.
You were so lucky.
You dare to bring that up?
I had to address you as my senior for 90,000 years because of that fan!
Do you still think that you were at a disadvantage?
Seventeenth...
It's nothing.
What is it?
You wish to speak but you're hesitant.
You're like a man who's lost his heart.
What are you talking about?
I'm such a heartless man.
How could that happen to me?
You're right.
How can a heartless man like you keep someone on your mind?
Sixteenth.
Sixteenth, you...
Here, get up.
Are you all right?
What happened?
You're indeed a high god.
That was such a powerful blow.
I almost died on the spot.
That was just a prank.
70,000 years ago, you didn't have such a low level of cultivation.
However you have slacked off, it couldn't be this low now.
What exactly happened?
It doesn't concern you.
Fine!
You don't have to tell me if you don't wish to.
But I think it has to do with that brief romance of yours.
You really got that right.
Is she...
Is she pretty?
She's prettier than you.
Really?
In my eyes, she's a hundred times... a thousand times prettier than you.
I'm not talking to you anymore.
Master is going into meditation tomorrow.
All the other seniors are heading back to their original posts.
What about you, Sixteenth?
Where will you be going?
I'm going to the Sea of Innocence.
The Sea of Innocence?
Isn't that the burial place of the Celestial Tribe?
What are you going to do there?
What else could I do there?
I'm guarding the tombs for the Celestial Tribe
until I vanish into the realm of nothingness.
Stop joking.
Why would tombs need to be guarded?
You don't understand.
When a person seeks nothing, nothing he is told to do matters.
Moreover, that is the oath I made to the Heavens.
Should the Heavens grant me my wish
I would spend the rest of my life in the Sea of Innocence.
Sixteenth, you...
Don't ask about it.
I won't tell you even if you do.
Master, I was wrong.
You drank so much wine.
It's best to cry it all out or the sorrow will accumulate in your organs.
That would be a waste of such good wine.
Master, these are the elixirs that Zhe Yan produced.
Master, take them with you into the cave.
Master...
Is there anything else you wish to brief me on?
When is your wedding with Ye Hua?
The Indian Summer of October.
The peach blossoms will be in full bloom.
It's good timing.
Seventeenth.
Once you marry into the Celestial Palace
you will belong to the Crown Prince.
The Celestial Palace is unlike Kunlun Mountain.
There are many complicated rites and regulations.
Be sure to rein in your temper.
Don't get into any trouble.
When I was in Kunlun Mountain I always got into trouble.
Master helped me through it all.
I know all about it and I've kept it in mind.
Master, go into meditation with ease.
Ye Hua will look after me.
He surely won't let me get into trouble again.
I look forward to seeing Master leave meditation soon.
It'll be even better if you can make it to our wedding.
By then, I'll surely kowtow to you and offer you tea.
All right.
I'll take my leave now, Master.
All right now.
Just see me off here.
Sixteenth, why would you do this to yourself?
I'm a deity of Kunlun Mountain and the disciple of Mo Yuan.
Since I have made an oath, I can't take my words back.
Furthermore, the Sea of Innocence is such a tranquil place.
It's the best place for me to train.
Seventeenth.
I won't attend your wedding with the Crown Prince.
But should you need me to risk my life to help you
by all means, come to me in the Sea of Innocence.
Touch wood.
Since all the seniors are back at their original posts
I'll leave Kunlun Mountain in Second Senior's good hands.
I won't keep nagging.
I'll get going.
Head back now.
What are you waiting for?
Second Senior, I have matters to handle.
I'll leave the mountain now.
Seventeenth, you must miss your husband.
By the way, I have something for you.
When Senior left early this morning
he told me to give you the Soul-gathering Lamp.
You left it in the West Sea.
The Soul-gathering Lamp?
If Senior hadn't brought it back to me I'd have forgotten all about it.
This is after all a sacred artifact of the Celestial Tribe.
It has to be returned.
While Master is in meditation
Second Senior will have to look after him.
Some feigned politeness that is.
He's not just your mentor, but mine as well.
Should anything come up in Kunlun Mountain
you must come to me in Qing Qiu.
I'll get going now, Second Senior.
Ye Hua should be 18 years old by now.
I wonder what Ye Hua looks like in the Mortal Realm at this age.
Young lad.
Is Young Master Liu at home?
You're looking for our Eldest Young Master?
Yes, I'm looking for Zhao Ge.
Is he in?
No, he moved out a long time ago.
Isn't this the Liu Manor?
Where could he have moved to?
He is already independent and has his own manor.
He's only 18 years old and he already has his own manor?
Our Eldest Young Master is a rare child prodigy.
At the age of 12, he was admitted into the Imperial College.
Five years ago, the old emperor opened up the special examination
and our young master took the place of top scholar with great ease.
He was promoted from a compiler in Hanlin Academy
to the Minister of the Ministry of Revenue.
He's really a god-blessed genius.
Miss, if you're looking for him, you have to go to the Minister's Manor.
Ye Hua, you really are the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
You're even second to none in the Mortal Realm.
Master, here's a toast to you tonight for the peach blossoms.
Sure.
Master, you've been coughing more often lately.
The physician has told you not to worry too much.
It's bad for your health.
I'm not worried.
I'm lovesick.
I haven't seen him for six days and my token of love means nothing now.
He really has gotten involved in some sort of relationship?
Ye Hua! Ye Hua!
Didn't your husband tell you not to leave the woods?
Ye Hua!
I haven't seen High God for days.
Su Jin greets High God.
How did you know that I was here?
Is High God muddleheaded?
The invisibility magic is but a camouflage.
You might be able to hide from the mortals, but not the deities.
I saw some shimmering lights here from above the clouds
so I came in search of you.
I was right after all.
What are you doing here?
His Highness is going through the heavenly trial alone in the Mortal Realm
and I'm worried that he might be lonely.
I've made him a figurine of the person he misses the most to stay by his side.
I came down here today
to see if that figurine is taking good care of His Highness.
I wasn't paying attention.
I didn't notice that girl is but a figurine under human skin.
You're so thoughtful.
High God, do you know who I have made that figurine resemble?
Have you heard the name, Su Su?
A-Li's birth mother who jumped off Zhuxian Terrace?
High God, you don't have to take it to heart.
His Highness is but a mortal now
so he can't tell that she's just a figurine.
That could fulfill the wish he has had on his mind for a long time.
Once His Highness returns to the Nine Heavens
he won't care about a figurine, even if it has Su Su's face.
You're obviously telling me
that Ye Hua now has this figurine on his mind.
Aren't you worried that once Ye Hua returns to the Nine Heavens
he'll punish you for fooling him with this figurine?
All I did was make a figurine
and leave it at the market outside His Highness's manor.
His Highness fancied her and brought her home.
If His Highness insists on blaming me, I have nothing to say about it.
However, it shows that if you love someone to the core
you'll still have an impression of that person and fall in love with her again
even after drinking the amnesia potion.
You really do relate to him very well.
I've always been devoted to His Highness.
Everyone in the Nine Heavens knows that.
I definitely can relate to him.
By the way, does High God know that for the past 300 years
His Highness has been trying to gather
Su Su's energy with the Soul-gathering Lamp?
I certainly knew about that.
Su Jin, among the younger generation, you're the most understanding of all.
This figurine is very well-made.
You made quite an effort.
It's saved me much trouble now that she's caring for Ye Hua.
When Ye Hua returns to his immortal self and blames you for it
I'll put in a few good words for you.
Thank you, High God.
I'll take my leave now.
Ye Hua, I asked you that night if you remembered who I was.
You didn't even recognize me...
But even after taking the amnesia potion
you still can't forget A-Li's mortal mother?
I thought you were at Kunlun Mountain.
What brings you to the Peach Tree Woods so suddenly?
Fourth Brother, did you know A-Li's mortal mother?
I've heard about her from Zhe Yan.
He met that mortal once in the Celestial Palace.
It's said that she died young and left behind the Imperial great-grandson.
What is it?
Have you not asked Ye Hua about her?
Since I learned that Ye Hua was once in love with a mortal
I didn't want to bring it up, so I've never asked him about her.
She's already dead. Why would it matter?
I also find it meaningless to be mad at a dead person.
Then why do you still have such a long face?
Fourth Brother.
When Ye Hua told me that he liked me, I just took it as it was.
I never wondered why he fell for me of all female deities in the realms.
If he fell for you, then that was it.
How can love be figured out easily?
Lord Dong Hua knows that he and Feng Jiu can never be together
so why would he still get involved with her in the Mortal Realm?
You're right.
But then later, I also fell in love with Ye Hua.
We're in love with each other
so I never thought of asking him about her.
Now that I think about it carefully
he mistook me for Riceball's mother when we first met in the Eastern Sea.
Fourth Brother.
If Ye Hua only fell for me because I resemble Riceball's mother
am I nothing more than her substitute?
Ye Hua has been in love with that mortal for 300 years.
For centuries, he's been so devoted to her and he's never once faltered.
Why would he suddenly fall in love with me right after we met?
I've only seen Ye Hua a few times.
You should know him better than I do.
Can't you sense whether his love for you is real or not?
If I hadn't seen Ye Hua so intimate with the figurine
that resembles Riceball's mother...
I could perhaps still lie to myself that he was true to me.
I love Ye Hua for who he is.
But if Ye Hua only loves me because I resemble Riceball's mother...
and he transferred his love for her to me...
I can't accept such feelings.
You still haven't lived long enough.
What is the point in digging into such matters?
Give it some thought.
How does Ye Hua treat you?
Give it some more thought.
What's the point of holding this against a dead person?
Yes.
I shouldn't have been so muddleheaded.
Qian Qian!
Hey, what's the matter?
Why did her mood changed so quickly?
Isn't everything going well? She's getting married soon.
She was giggling every day because her mentor returned.
The Celestial Tribe really is Qing Qiu's nemesis.
What is it?
What happened?
I don't know.
I can't figure out relationships.
You're right about that.
Just let them figure things out.
Take the medication.
I brewed it for six to eight hours.
More medication?
Could you have added something particularly bitter in it
to get back at me for defeating you at chess in Kunlun Mountain?
Zhen...
Ever since you were old enough
this is how you've reacted to taking medication.
You always accuse me of adding something bitter.
I went out of my way to get you the best candied peach blossoms
from the disciples of Kunlun Mountain.
Are you trying to trick me like some one-year-old?
Medication with candied blossoms?
This is so good.
Your Highness, how did it go?
When Bai Qian saw that figurine with Ye Hua
she seemed to be calm but she can't fool me.
I've finally found her weakness.
It's just a matter of time before she leaves His Highness.
Congratulations, Your Highness.
Bring me some hot tea.
Yes.
Auntie, would you like to have your meal?
Not a day goes by that do I not hate you.
But perhaps today I don't.
His Highness loves you to the core.
I'm sure that you wouldn't want him to marry anyone else, would you, Su Su?
Your Highness.
When the Crown Prince returns and figures out
that you deceived him with a figurine
what will you to do if he blames you?
My clan was wiped out 70,000 years ago to save the Celestial Tribe.
That being said, the Heavenly Lord still needs me
to keep the branch leaders of my clan in order.
The Heavenly Lord and many branch leaders are around.
Don't worry, I'll be fine.
Yes.
Auntie has been sleeping for two days since she got back from the woods.
Exactly.
Auntie!
Auntie.
Bring in some wine.
Auntie.
Feng Jiu, you're here?
Do you know that when I asked Ye Hua a few days ago if he knew me
he said that he didn't.
But then just a few days later, he brought home another woman.
Auntie, the Crown Prince took the amnesia potion.
It's normal that he doesn't remember you.
He doesn't remember...
But do you know
the woman he brought home looks exactly like Riceball's mother?
Su Su?
You know Su Su as well?
When I was still in the Celestial Palace
- I... - That's enough.
I don't want to hear about her.
Auntie, the Crown Prince once tried to gather Su Su's soul with the lamp.
I thought that you wouldn't take that to heart...
I didn't.
That's because I was too silly!
I thought that I shouldn't be too concerned about his past.
But when I saw him recognize that woman instead of me...
I knew then...
The one he has on his mind isn't me, it's her.
