Greetings to Consort Le Xu.
When I risked my life to beg for leniency for you that day at the main hall
it was not for you, but for Ye Hua's child in your womb.
Do you understand?
I understand.
However, I have already made vows with Ye Hua to the Lakes of the Far East
and bowed to heaven and earth.
We are already husband and wife.
He is Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
He has his own predestined marriage.
The things you two did in the mortal realm do not count.
- But even if it is in the mortal realm- - Impudence.
When I am speaking, you may only listen.
This is a rule of the Celestial Tribe.
Yes.
Greetings, Heavenly Lord.
Su Jin.
Take me to Crown Prince.
Yes.
No need to stand on ceremony.
Why were you so careless?
I was too impatient.
You started the war the very night that the Celestial Army arrived at Chang Sea.
That was a dangerous move.
I am willing to accept punishment.
Father.
The soldiers' fighting spirit was aroused after Ye Hua was critically injured.
They only took three days to attain an overwhelming victory.
Ye Hua has achieved great merit.
You may all step out.
- Yes. - Yes.
A few days ago, I brought back a mortal.
She was carrying your child in her womb.
What is going on?
Is Your Majesty speaking of a woman from Mount Junji?
Yes.
When I was carrying out the order to subdue the Golden Lion
I suffered a minor injury.
I was rescued by this mortal woman.
The child she is carrying is my repayment to her.
Since it is a repayment, then it is not a big issue.
You will be succeeding my position in the future.
It is not good to be too sentimental.
You just need to remember this and there will be nothing for me to worry about.
However, since she is carrying your child
she will stay in Heaven.
I think
a mortal staying in Heaven is not proper Celestial Tribe etiquette.
Why is there a need to go to such trouble?
A child of the Celestial family should of course stay in Heaven.
Being left in the wilderness is even more improper.
She is already in the Nine Heavens.
When you have recovered and returned from Chang Sea
we'll make other arrangements.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
I would like to say something.
What do you want to say?
Although that lady is just a mortal
she is already carrying Crown Prince's child.
I think since Your Majesty has issued the decree
to allow the mortal to stay in Heaven
then why not issue another decree to make her a side consort?
Side consort?
If the mother of the child has no title
after the baby is born, it will be mocked.
No. She is a mortal woman.
She cannot be the Crown Prince's side consort.
Yes, if the woman is so easily made side consort
it will be a violation of the Celestial Tribe's decorum.
We will also be unable to explain to Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
That is why Consort Su Jin's idea is inappropriate.
Enough.
Since Ye Hua is nursing his wounds, I will not be staying.
Take good care of Ye Hua.
Rest assured, Father.
I have watched Su Jin grow up.
How come it is becoming harder to understand what she is thinking?
Ye Hua.
You are more important to Father than anyone else.
You might be able to protect Su Su for now
but if you wish for her to be safe for a long time in the Celestial Palace
it is absolutely impossible.
After she has safely given birth to the child
I will have her drink the water of the River of Oblivion
to completely forget about me, and this relationship will end.
I thought you were most sensible.
I never expected you would say such preposterous things.
Heavenly Lord.
This copper mirror is an item the Crown Prince carries with him.
I picked it up on the day he was injured.
Can you guess whose voice I heard from this?
It is that mortal's voice.
Are you saying she and Ye Hua communicate through this mirror?
Your Majesty knows best the Crown Prince's personality.
If it is as Crown Prince says, that he does not value this mortal
then why would he bestow the copper mirror to her?
Your Majesty, haven't you been worried that
Crown Prince would become another Second Prince?
That is why everything I just did
was in hopes that the mortal would remain in the Celestial Palace
so she would be easy to deal with under our control.
All right.
Continue to keep an eye on this matter.
Yes.
Greetings, Your Highness.
You are...
I am the Water King of Chang Sea's second daughter, Lu Xiu.
It is so late at night.
Have you come on some urgent business?
I came to deliver a tonic to the Crown Prince.
This is a specialty of Chang Sea
the aquatic lingzhi mushroom that grows only once every thousand years.
It will be very beneficial for the Crown Prince's recovery.
I'll bring it in for you.
Go back to rest, Princess.
- But- - What is it?
Is there something more urgent?
I take my leave.
Your Highness, you need to rest in peace for at least 20 days
- for your wounds- - It is no matter.
- Go now. - Yes.
- Crown Prince, Third Prince. - Crown Prince, Third Prince.
Rise.
- Yes. - Yes.
Is there any activity in the palace?
Report, Third Prince.
Just yesterday, a fire suddenly broke out in Zhaohua Palace
and nearly... and nearly injured that mortal woman.
Why would there be a fire?
I am not certain either.
I heard it was the Ghost Lord's mount who caused the fire.
It was an accident.
We return immediately to the Celestial Palace.
Yes.
- Greetings, Crown Prince. - Greetings, Crown Prince.
Crown Prince.
- Ye Hua! - Presumptuous.
With your status, how should you greet the Crown Prince when you see him?
Su Su greets Crown Prince.
Mother.
You are with child. You need not stand on ceremony from now on.
You may go.
Yes.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
The Crown Prince returned to the palace so quickly?
Perhaps his injuries are not as severe as rumored.
Heavenly Lord has forbid Medicine King from speaking.
Ye Hua is also one to keep everything to himself.
As for whether his injuries are severe
only he himself and the ones by his side would know best.
Dijun.
Feng Jiu.
I passed by Xiwu Palace the other day
and saw you come out from there.
What was I doing at Xiwu Palace?
Other than Xiwu Palace, only Zhuxian Terrace is in that area.
Could you have been at Zhuxian Terrace to view the moon?
Yes.
That night, the moon was very beautiful, reminding me of Qing Qiu.
Without noticing, I had wandered towards Zhuxian Terrace.
You went to Zhuxian Terrace to view the moon?
Yes.
The view was very delightful that night and the moonlight was especially bright.
And I thought the Nine Heavens is such a nice place.
Even the moon can be so clear.
The moon was big...
Really?
If you like it, then go often.
Thank you, Dijun.
Si Ming.
Present.
Remember to keep an eye on her.
Xiwu Palace is not a peaceful place.
It is best not to frequent the place.
I understand.
Did I say something wrong?
Si Ming, what kind of place is Zhuxian Terrace?
When I told Dijun I went to Zhuxian Terrace to view the moon
why did he act so strangely?
Did I say something wrong?
Your Highness has been at the palace for some time now.
Have you not heard anyone speak of it?
I've never heard anyone mention it.
That's true.
Your Highness lives in the palace maid's side chambers.
Those people naturally would not speak of it.
Zhuxian Terrace has always been an ominous place for immortals.
Ordinary immortals cannot use any of their magic powers when they are there.
It is a place of bad luck.
Really?
You're not lying to me?
Most immortals avoid walking past it.
You went to the Zhuxian Terrace to view the moon?
Dijun just can't be bothered to respond.
This Hall of Beautiful Youth has been vacant for many millennia.
We've worked half to death and it's only looking a little bit cleaner.
Yes, what prospects would we have following this woman?
- Crown Prince. - Crown Prince.
Who had you all come here?
Crown Prince, it was Consort Le Xu who sent us here to serve.
To serve this new lady.
In the Nine Heavens, only those with rank can have palace maids serving them.
She has no rank.
This is a violation of Heaven's laws.
Consort Le Xu is worried that
this Hall of Beautiful Youth has been vacant for many years
so the divine energy is scant and won't be good for the child
- so she had us- - Leave now!
- Yes. - Yes.
Ye Hua!
Were you severely injured? How are your wounds?
I'm fine.
But what about you?
Where were you hurt? Are you all right?
Do you mean this?
It is not an issue anymore.
The wounds left by crimson hellfire do not go away.
I can just cover it with my sleeves.
Su Su.
I am sorry for this.
But now that I have returned to the palace
you can rest assured.
I won't allow anyone to give you a difficult time anymore.
No wonder.
No wonder you never mentioned your family to me before.
Nor did you take me to see them.
Why didn't you ever tell me?
That you are the Crown Prince of the Nine Heavens?
I'm sorry.
But telling you then would not have done you any good.
So... what will we do from now on?
From now on, I must be careful with what I say in the palace.
In front of others, I must be cold to you.
But, you have to trust me.
This is all to protect you.
Su Su.
I only hope that you can rest in Xiwu Palace
and safely give birth to the child.
Avoid interacting with anyone by all means.
Nai Nai.
Crown Prince.
This is the palace maid who will attend to you from now on.
Your Highness, my name is Nai Nai.
I am a maid the Crown Prince brought up from Deity Mountain in the lower realm.
From now on, I will be staying in the Hall of Beautiful Youth to serve you.
Your Highness, I'll go prepare your evening meal.
Was it really the Crown Prince who sent you all back?
Your Highness, we really were sent back by the Crown Prince.
She is a woman who does not have any titles
but she is carrying the Crown Prince's child.
If she has nobody attending to her, what if something happens?
When we were returning here, I heard people from Crown Prince's palace say
His Highness took a maid just brought up from Deity Mountain of the lower realm
to attend to this lady.
A maid just brought up here does not know the palace's rules.
How can she wait upon her properly?
Your Highness, people from Xiwu Palace say
after His Highness returned to the palace, he randomly chose a maid.
The maid doesn't have much experience either.
I'm afraid she does not know the palace rules well.
You may all go.
- Yes. - Yes.
Your Highness, you seem uneasy.
Heavenly Lord dislikes the princes for being too sentimental.
Nobody dares to speak of the second prince's incident.
A Celestial Tribe prince
was demoted to the North Sea to be a Water King.
I am really worried he will follow in the second prince's footsteps
and end up a laughingstock who only wants the woman and not the world.
The Heavenly Lord said
His Highness hasn't asked for permission to marry this mortal.
Even if he asks, Heavenly Lord would not allow it.
That Su Su is a mortal.
After she gives birth, she will naturally return to the mortal realm.
I am just worried that if this news spreads
it will more or less have an effect on the Crown Prince
and bring discontent from Qing Qiu.
Heavenly Lord has considered Qing Qiu
and has ordered this matter to be suppressed.
There are over a hundred courtyards in Xiwu Palace.
There are many maids serving.
As long as our servants don't discuss it, not many people would know
there is a Hall of Beautiful Youth within Xiwu Palace
and that there is a mortal living in the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
That would be best.
The Crown Prince does not regard this woman as important
but after all, she is Crown Prince's woman.
You grew up by my side.
You know best the etiquette and rules of the Nine Heavens.
When you have time, teach her in my place.
I understand.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
- Rise. - Thank you, Your Highness.
Your Highness.
That day, you had suffered a slash from the Mermaid Clan's Soul Slayer
scaring us witless.
Yes.
Seeing Your Highness so lively and invigorated now
you do not seem like you were injured at all.
Could it have been a scheme
to stir up our fighting spirit to annihilate the Mermaid Clan?
I heard Ghost Lord Li Jing submitted a book of accounts
saying someone in the north led an army and wrested control of three cities?
Your Highness, that is correct.
It seems to be one trouble after another.
Back in the day, Li Jing was helped into power by Heavenly Lord.
His eldest brother, Li Yuan, was imprisoned in the Arctic Lands.
Li Yuan somehow escaped and is raising arms in rebellion.
It is trouble continued from the great war from 70,000 years ago.
All of you have experienced the great war from 70,000 years ago.
Please tell me about it in detail. Have a seat.
- Yes, Your Highness. - Yes, Your Highness.
Nai Nai.
Your Highness.
Are there any other ladies in His Highness's palace?
You are the only one in Xiwu Palace.
Has he always been so busy?
I heard His Highness often attends to official matters late into the night.
Are you thirsty? I'll get some tea for you.
No, you are with child. You cannot drink tea.
I'll get water for you.
Your Highness, are you feeling unwell?
Drink some water.
Nai Nai?
Your Highness, someone who says he is your friend wants to see you.
I don't have any friends in the Celestial Palace.
It is a man. He seems to be a noble.
A noble man?
After you left yesterday
my shaman said you are with child and it is very unstable
so I came to visit you.
How did you know Her Highness was in the Hall of Beautiful Youth?
Her Highness?
Yes, my lady, Su Su, is the Crown Prince's...
She is the only lady in Xiwu Palace.
I cannot believe after a day
you have already married into Xiwu Palace.
Why didn't the Crown Prince send out an invitation?
He...
He was severely injured and had just returned.
Allow me to read Your Highness's pulse again.
I don't know if that would comply with the rules.
It is just a pulse reading. It should not break any rules.
Ghost Lord, you are wrong.
There are many rules in the palace.
To have your Ghost Realm's Shaman read the pulse of a lady in Xiwu Palace
it would seem as if Celestial Palace's Medicine King is useless.
I'll summon Medicine King to take a look at Su Su.
This is...
Ghost Lord, this is the Heavenly Lord's newly conferred Consort Su Jin.
My apologies.
It is no matter.
I just saw the fiery qilin by the door and guessed Ghost Lord must be inside.
Since Consort Su Jin has made it clear
I will not do more than is necessary.
Farewell.
Your Highness.
Quickly make your salutations, Your Highness.
Your Highness.
You are one of Crown Prince's women.
You only need to salute me in front of others from now on.
There is no need to stand on ceremony in private.
Thank you, Your Highness.
Since you are with child, you must be more careful. Sit.
Your Majesty.
Where have you been?
I went to Xiwu Palace.
You went to see the Crown Prince to apologize?
The Crown Prince was not in the palace.
I took the chance to pay a visit to the woman from the other day.
The woman from the other day?
You only met her once.
Why did you pay a special visit to see her?
Don't forget, Your Majesty. She is one of Crown Prince's people.
You are thinking too much.
I only feel guilty that my fiery qilin injured her
and brought the shaman to see her.
The Celestial Palace has Medicine King.
Why would she need Grand Ziming Palace's Shaman?
Enough.
I have no notions for that woman. Don't speak of it anymore.
Your Majesty.
I am just afraid you will offend the Crown Prince.
That is why I am so concerned.
I know.
Let's not talk about it.
The assembly will start soon. I'll take you around.
What are you doing?
Ghost Lord is an honorable guest.
However, Her Highness is a traitor of the Celestial Tribe.
Please go back inside to rest until your return to the Ghost Realm.
You cannot confine me in this way.
I am the Ghost Queen.
Please return inside, Your Highness.
How dare you treat me like this?
Go inside to rest.
There is a banquet tonight. I must attend.
Wait for me in the guest room.
Your Majesty.
I am the queen of the Ghost Realm, as well as your wife.
For them to treat me like this, isn't it an insult to you?
So what if it is an insult to me?
The peace of the Ghost Realm is most important.
Go back inside.
When you were brought up to the Nine Heavens by the Heavenly Lord
I had wanted to plea for leniency for you.
However, Heaven's rules are strict. Fortunately, Consort Le Xu protected you.
You do not need to be afraid.
After you give birth to the child, everything will get better.
The name of this Hall of Beautiful Youth sounds nice
but why is the interior so simple and crude?
This ink and brush are not the ones Ye Hua likes.
Did Ye Hua not say to have them changed?
These were arranged by Nai Nai. Ye Hua did not notice.
That's true.
He nearly lost his life in the war against the Mermaid Clan.
He just returned and is busy day and night with official affairs.
Why would he pay attention to these things?
Nearly lost his life?
You didn't see his wound?
It is an injury caused by the Soul Slayer blade.
I was also at Chang Sea at the time.
I was afraid he really would die
and stayed by his side for several nights.
Yet, I dared not look at his wound.
He has always been one to keep everything to himself.
Of course he wouldn't say how severe his injuries are.
In the past, when we were playing around, he wouldn't tell even when he got hurt.
Is that so?
Yes, he is a taciturn person.
Don't worry too much. He has been like this ever since he was young.
Ever since he was young?
I grew up with Ye Hua.
Later on, I married Heavenly Lord.
He doesn't speak to me often anymore.
Let's not talk about this.
Lord of Numinous Treasures is hosting an assembly.
All the deities of the world will be attending.
He is also a fellow disciple of the Crown Prince.
His Highness will naturally be attending.
Also, those who have ranks in the palace have also received an invitation.
Would you like to take a look?
Without Ye Hua's permission, I cannot leave this place.
If you leave with me, nobody will block your way.
It was Consort Le Xu who had me come here today to take you around.
Sister, since you are already in Crown Prince's palace
you must learn to handle these things.
Consort Le Xu?
Consort Le Xu also knows that Ye Hua cannot spend much time with you
and was afraid you'd be bored
so she told me to take you to the assembly.
Sister, since you are already living in the Crown Prince's palace
then you should think of yourself as one of the Celestial Tribe.
The Celestial Tribe is the master of the world. The ruler.
Everybody else is a subject.
If you are even afraid to walk outside
then when you go with Ye Hua to receive bows from the deities
wouldn't you be even more flustered?
I don't know the Celestial Tribe's rules.
If I say something wrong, please teach me.
All right, don't worry.
I will teach you well
so that Heavenly Lord will be satisfied with you.
Thank you, Sister.
That is good.
This fan seems like an artifact of Kunlun Mountain.
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
This fan is a fake.
In the past, I did have the real Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun.
In the mortal realm, someone had tried to steal it from me.
But it is a good thing I later gave it to someone and got this fake.
Since it is a fake, then do not carry it with you
so as to avoid attracting unwanted trouble.
I don't bring it around with me. I leave it in my chambers.
Nai Nai, put the fan away for me.
Yes.
Be careful.
After all, you are with child.
You can rest assured and leave her to me.
Yes.
