Father!
Where were you? Why didn't you bring Jia Yun with you?
You always talk about how Mother often would get lost in the woods.
I thought it sounded like a mystery.
I went today in secret and, of course, I lost my way as well.
Father, I also ran into a snake monster and was nearly harmed.
Luckily, this sister saved me.
Don't run off by yourself again.
Thank you, Miss, for saving him.
It is nothing. Sir, you are...
My lord is the Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince, Ye Hua.
Crown Prince? Miao Qing greets Your Highness.
No need to stand on ceremony.
My older brother is the Water King of Eastern Sea.
So you are Princess Miao Qing.
You saved A-Li's life today. I must return this kindness.
Do you have a wish, Princess?
I have always admired your fighting prowess.
It is my great fortune to have met you today.
I'd only wish to stay by Your Highness's side.
Stay by my side?
You want to marry my father?
No, no. Don't misunderstand, young prince.
I know I am merely a princess of Eastern Sea.
I cannot enter Xiwu Palace.
I only want to stay at this hut
and when Your Highness brings the young prince to visit
I could wash your clothes and cook for you.
Princess Miao Qing.
With your status, it is inappropriate for you to do such things.
Moreover, I am the one who is supposed to fulfill a wish of yours.
It is unreasonable to make you serve us.
This is a wish of mine. I hope Your Highness can grant me this wish.
Father.
Do you truly have such a wish?
Then we'll make it a period of ten days.
Once the ten days are over, you will leave.
Your Highness.
What is it?
I will obey your command.
Father, I don't like that sister. Don't let her stay.
She's clearly... clearly trying to take Mother's position.
Enough.
Princess Miao Qing saved your life.
I promised I would fulfill her wish. I will not break my word.
Father, you said Mother would be back soon!
If you do this, Mother will be mad when she gets back!
Enough.
A-Li.
Your mother will not be coming back.
Why?
Didn't you say as long as the Soul-gathering Lamp is kept lit
Mother will return?
The Soul-gathering Lamp has been extinguished.
She will not be coming back.
Why would it be extinguished? Did Tian Shu not look after it?
That's enough! Step out.
Father!
Step out!
My lord, please calm down. His Highness is just eager to meet Her Highness.
You two catch up to him quickly. Just let him cry alone for a bit.
- Yes. - Yes.
Your Highness?
- Your Highness! - Your Highness!
- Slow down! - What's wrong with His Highness?
He had an argument with the Crown Prince. It is best if you don't go inside.
My lord is furious right now, and won't wish to be disturbed.
Your Highness!
Dragonfly, Father must be lying to me, isn't he?
I have waited for Mother for 300 years. Mother will surely come back, right?
What is going on?
Why did His Highness say the Soul-gathering Lamp has been put out?
It is because that Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu was too mischievous.
She transformed into Consort Su Jin
and stole the lamp, putting out the light.
Think about it. She is a princess of Qing Qiu.
She is Bai Qian's niece, and is friends with Dong Hua Dijun.
Thus, His Highness couldn't do anything about her
and could only let the matter rest.
His Highness and the young prince have been waiting for 300 years.
So what of it?
Honestly, the lamp would only create a person who looks similar.
It wouldn't really be her.
It being extinguished is it's own blessing.
- Aunt. - It's been returned?
I've returned it.
Did the Celestial Tribe condemn you?
Third Prince plead for leniency on my behalf.
That's good. Your time spent in Heaven wasn't for nothing.
I'll be going to the Eastern Sea in a few days.
On my way back, I'll be stopping by Fourth Brother's manor.
Stay here in Qing Qiu. Don't cause anymore trouble.
What are you going to the Eastern Sea for?
The Water King of the Eastern Sea has born a son.
I just received an invitation to the banquet.
But you have never liked these sorts of social occasions and banquets.
Why is Water King of the Eastern Sea so lucky
to be graced by your attendance?
Normally, I don't like these sorts of social occasions.
However, back in the day, Mother had difficulty giving birth to me.
Luckily, the midwife of the Water King's family helped
saving Mother a lot of suffering.
They're inviting me this time for a happy occasion.
It doesn't feel right to forget the kindness they showed.
Mi Gu.
You're back, Little Princess!
I thought you'd be imprisoned in heaven for 30 to 50 years.
It was all your rotten idea.
What orders do you have, Aunt?
Go fetch the biggest luminous pearl from the pond.
You're giving a gift again?
How did you know?
Who in Qing Qiu doesn't know you like giving luminous pearls?
The rank of the immortal and Aunt's mood on that day
will determine the size of the luminous pearl being gifted.
Back when Fox King was living in the Fox Den
there were plenty of luminous pearls in the pond.
Now you can almost see to the bottom.
Enough talking. Go get it quickly.
All right, my prodigal Aunt.
The Water King of Eastern Sea is merely
preparing a banquet for his one-month-old baby.
He's taken several days absence
from court meetings in the Emperial Hall.
That's right. It's just a banquet. Does he need to go to so much trouble?
Do you all not know?
The Aunt from Qing Qiu will be attending the Eastern Sea's dinner banquet.
This Aunt is afflicted with an eye ailment
and cannot stand bright lights.
However, the glazed coral tiles of the Eastern Sea Palace
are excessively bright and dazzling.
That's why Water King of the Eastern Sea
has been busy searching everywhere for water lily leaves
to weave together to cover up anything overly bright.
Is the Aunt you are referring to
the Fox King Bai Zhi's daughter, High Goddess Bai Qian?
That's correct.
In this world
this is the only high goddess who is worthy of us to address as Aunt.
Yes.
To be able to catch a glimpse of Aunt is truly not easy.
That is why I already have a gift prepared.
Fresh peach blossom facial cream.
It would surely be the utmost honor to gain Aunt's favor.
Yes.
Isn't she the one who has an engagement with the Crown Prince?
Heavenly Lord personally agreed to this engagement 300 years ago.
I thought I would be able to attend the Crown Prince's wedding banquet.
However, in these 300 years
there has not been any word of the two tying the knot.
That's right.
His Highness has a son
but the position of his main wife has remained vacant.
Bai Qian has remained in the valley of Qing Qiu ever since she was born.
Nobody's invitation has been able to successfully invite her out.
Those two have never even met.
Yes.
The two have yet to be married, but they are in no hurry.
It is quite a wonder.
That's...
It is indeed strange.
However, the Water King of Eastern Sea is quite fortunate.
Aunt hasn't left Qing Qiu in tens of millennia.
Yet, he has managed to invite her.
It is such an honor.
It is quite an honor.
However, Water King of Eastern Sea has been very troubled lately.
He never expected Aunt would be attending the banquet.
He had even invited Water King of North Sea.
Yesterday, the Crown Prince brought his son to visit the Far East
and will be attending the banquet along the way.
When the time comes, the three of them will run into each other at the banquet.
Water King of Eastern Sea is in a panic now.
Who knows what mayhem may ensue at the banquet.
Who is this Aunt from Qing Qiu?
Does she have an existing feud with Lord Ye Hua and Water King of North Sea?
You are young. You might not know of this.
Before the great war between Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe
Aunt once had a marriage arrangement with Heavenly Lord's second prince.
It was originally a well-matched engagement.
But somehow, Sang Ji fell in love with Aunt's maid
and he was determined to call off the engagement.
Water King of North Sea wanted to marry Aunt's maid
even if it meant offending Fox King Bai Zhi?
How good-looking is that maid?
I have seen that lady.
The second prince was holding her by the arm
and knelt in front of the Heavenly Lord
and asked to marry her.
She is indeed a rare beauty.
However, compared to the lady in Fox King Bai Zhi's family
her beauty is not even close.
I have never seen the lady
but I've heard Aunt has a likeness to her mother.
No, even more beautiful than her mother.
I have actually had the good fortune to catch a glimpse of Aunt.
At the time, I was just a young boy following under Heavenly Lord.
I accompanied Heavenly Empress to Zhe Yan's land to view peach blossoms.
I happened to see Aunt
dancing lightly and gracefully atop the peach tree branches.
Because I was far away
I only saw the swath of a red dress among the vivid peach blossoms.
That view was exceptionally alluring. Exceptionally beautiful!
Even such a beautiful woman can be rejected.
Heaven's will sure is difficult to predict.
Yes.
Perhaps it is precisely because of this
that Aunt is unwilling to step out of Qing Qiu.
Heaven's will is hard to fathom.
- Yes. - That is so.
You scared me.
You just love to stir up trouble. You are everywhere.
It's a good thing I didn't marry you.
Even if you wanted to marry me, I wouldn't wed you!
A-Li.
I received an invitation from Water King of Eastern Sea.
Do you want to visit the Eastern Sea?
No.
Then I'll go by myself.
Are you going to leave me here alone?
This is your choice.
Then I'll just go.
Your Highness, today is the tenth day.
You can leave now.
Isn't Your Highness heading to my brother's Eastern Sea today?
- I can lead the way- - No need.
I shall take my leave.
Sit properly.
Who are you?
How dare you trespass into Qing Qiu?
Young man, I am Star Lord Si Ming.
I came to visit the young princess of Qing Qiu, Bai Feng Jiu.
- Si Ming? - Yes.
Si Ming!
I haven't been able to sleep, waiting for you. You're finally here!
- Your Highness. - Come, let's go inside.
Your Highness! Your Highness!
The valley contains many of Aunt's precious possessions.
Outsiders must not be allowed inside.
Especially those of Celestial Tribe.
I am very sorry, Star Lord Si Ming.
The Fox Den does indeed have a rule that outsiders are not allowed.
It's no matter.
Since I came to pick you up so you can repay your debt
it doesn't matter if I go in or not.
But will Your Highness need to prepare? This may take two months of your time.
- Two months? - Yes.
Mi Gu.
Is there any way I can avoid going to the banquet at the Eastern Sea?
You can't. A debt must be repaid.
A favor must of course be returned with a favor.
No matter how capable you are, the debt still needs to be repaid.
You're acting weird today. Who has provoked you?
It's nothing.
I'm afraid Aunt won't let me leave if she learns of this.
So can you tell Aunt only after I have been gone for a few days?
Oh, yes.
Where is my luminous pearl?
Right! The luminous pearl.
Aunt, this is the largest pearl in the pond.
By the way, Mi Gu, I'd like something of yours.
What is it?
I want a branch from your tree.
It's a long journey to the Eastern Sea.
Yes, my tree branch can give directions.
It is perfect for a high goddess like Aunt who likes to get lost.
You're acting very odd today.
No, I'm odd every day.
Aunt, are you setting out for the Eastern Sea now?
By the way, on my way back
I'll be stopping by to see Fourth Brother in the north.
Keep watch of the Fox Den with Feng Jiu while I'm away.
Don't get into arguments.
Fourth Uncle has indeed been in the north lately.
He said the bird, Bi Fang, was angry and returned there
so he has gone looking for Bi Fang.
You believe that?
Every time Fourth Brother is angry at Zhe Yan, he uses that excuse.
In these 300 years since I've woken up
Bi Fang must have ran off over a dozen times already.
Aunt is so wise.
When will the Little Princess finish repaying her debt?
Long live Your Majesty.
Rise.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Is that... Dijun?
It is Dijun.
Did Dijun do something wrong and offend Heavenly Lord
to be sent down to the mortal realm?
How could that be possible?
He himself wanted to come to experience trials.
Experience trials?
Dijun will be experiencing trials in the mortal realm for 60 years.
I thought if Your Highness wants to repay a debt
this would be the best time to do so.
How will I do it?
I've figured it out for you already.
Why did you bring me inside the palace?
Who is that?
Dijun is an emperor in the mortal realm.
I will arrange for you to be in the palace.
That is who you will be to repay your debt.
This Honored Lady will fall into this pond soon
catch a cold, and suffer a long illness.
No medicine will be of any use, and this beauty shall pass away.
You shall take advantage of this to continue writing her story.
Henceforth, you shall be Honored Lady Chen in the mortal realm.
How pitiful.
It's not pitiful.
Ever since she entered the palace and saw the emperor twice
she hasn't had the chance to sleep with him again.
To be living such a life in the palace
the earlier she leaves, the earlier she is set free.
If I become Honored Lady Chen, how should I repay my debt?
Use your discretion.
Quick! Now is the moment! Hurry!
Help! Help!
Quick, help her out!
Pull her up!
They're all charlatans.
They take a quick look, prescribe some medicine, and then brush us off.
Are they taking advantage of us because our lady is not favored?
Let it go. Do not mind them.
Step out. I'm tired now.
Yes.
Your Highness.
You're here.
I came to see if you've adapted to the palace's rules.
I've spent time in Taichen Palace. It is about the same here.
Besides, I constantly cough up blood every day
according to the Book of Destiny
so I don't have to interact with anyone either.
Come spring, this illness will eventually get better.
However, this plumed cockscomb on your forehead is a bit troublesome.
Is it?
My aunt said this was bestowed by heaven and is very beautiful.
Yes, it is beautiful.
However, Honored Lady Chen did not have a birthmark on her forehead.
Having such a flower appear out of thin air may attract suspicion.
Will it?
When will His Majesty see me?
The physician says Your Ladyship's health has nearly fully recovered.
I have also reported this.
Don't worry, Your Ladyship.
When His Majesty sees Your Ladyship's nameplate
he will remember you.
Who is that?
That seems to be Honored Lady Chen.
Honored Lady Chen?
That's right, it is Honored Lady Chen.
I heard she fell into the water in the twelfth month of the year
and has been sick since.
She has just now become well enough to get out of bed.
Is it the Honored Lady Chen who
has been visited by His Majesty only twice after entering the palace?
Yes, Your Highness.
Greetings, Empress and Your Highnesses.
- Greetings, Empress. - Rise.
- Thank you, Your Highness. - Thank you, Your Highness.
What is that makeup on your forehead? It is so dreadful.
Wash it off quickly.
I was born with it.
Why don't I remember you having such a thing on your forehead?
Your Highness.
After my lady recovered from her illness
this plumed cockscomb flower appeared on her forehead.
The physician does not know how it came to be either.
He said... he said it is a good thing.
What is good about a birthmark that is so unpleasant to the eyes?
It makes me uncomfortable just looking at it.
Your Highness, in my opinion, it is a demonic flower.
How could it possibly be a demonic flower?
This is clearly my-
Clearly what?
It is clearly a mark that
likens my recovery from a serious illness to a rebirth.
Your Highness, listen to what she says. It is absolutely hilarious.
Who hasn't fallen ill before in the palace?
But only hers is like a rebirth, and she gains a mark.
Enough.
The appearance of this thing on your forehead is much too strange.
Your nameplate will be removed from selection for His Majesty's night visit
in case this is something evil that will cause harm to His Majesty.
Yes.
That was clearly just an excuse so that
Your Ladyship won't get a chance to sleep with His Majesty.
I can't even see Dijun. How will I repay him?
Since he won't be coming to sleep in my chambers
then a chance encounter should work.
In Fourth Brother's storybooks
doesn't the emperor always find his beloved by a chance encounter?
The lower in status, the more he likes her.
Your Ladyship, what are you staring at me for?
Yu Dang, prepare for me a set of the same maid outfit you are wearing.
Yes.
Dijun!
I wonder what Dijun's temperament is like in the mortal realm.
Would he be easy to get along with?
What should be the first thing I say to him for him to remember me?
I must not be like how I was in the Celestial Palace.
Yes, I must be dignified.
I must have the air and demeanor of a princess of Qing Qiu.
Your Majesty.
- Your Majesty. - Empress.
Your Majesty is heading to...
To visit Noble Consort.
Then I shall not delay Your Majesty.
He's leaving just like that?
Your Highness.
Honored Lady Chen.
What are you doing dressed as a maid?
Has Your Ladyship seen His Majesty?
It doesn't matter if you didn't see him.
I have found out His Majesty's itinerary over the next few days.
We can follow after His Majesty. You will eventually see him.
Empress said I am not to step foot out of Handan Quarters.
I won't be able to see His Majesty.
You're asking me for peaches?
Do you think the peaches of my Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods
can be had by anyone in the world?
You are right, High God.
Because of my wife's pregnancy cravings, she is pestering me all day for peaches.
In this season, peach blossoms are blooming everywhere
but as for peaches
I'm afraid that in heaven or on earth, they can only be found here.
So may I dare ask that you grant me a few peaches of immortality?
Not much. Just a few will do.
Since you have dared to ask
I mustn't be too difficult on you, former second prince of Celestial Tribe.
After all, I am your elder.
Follow me.
Thank you, High God.
Do not thank me.
If you must, then thank your own identity.
I am giving you a few peaches out of respect to your father.
In the span of one day, both Aunt and Little Princess have left.
The Fox Den that has been lively for 300 years
has become cold and cheerless again.
It is so cold and cheerless.
She still won't give up.
My lady of the North Sea seeks an audience with Aunt.
You come a dozen times a year. Aren't you tired?
What? You won't even come out of your palanquin this time?
Why bother putting on a show?
My lady is with child. It is not easy for her to move around.
Wait!
Leave, leave! She won't see you. I'm going to get back to my nuts.
Your Highness, although Bai Qian of Qing Qiu is
a high goddess revered around the world
our North Sea is not any less respectable.
Why must you see her?
I committed a wrong 300 years ago.
It has troubled me all this time.
Only by settling this matter can I live my days in peace.
I don't understand.
Your Highness, we have a banquet to attend in the Eastern Sea.
Let's hurry back.
I'll come again after the banquet.
Bai Qian, come sit.
Bai Qian.
A few days ago, Water King of North Sea and his wife
came to admire my peach blossoms.
Because of pregnancy cravings, his wife was pestering him every day for peaches.
You know that in this season
nowhere else in the world can peaches be found except here.
Since he so shamelessly asked me for some
I found it difficult to refuse.
This peach tree woods belongs to you. The peaches are yours as well.
There's no need to explain to me.
Look at you. Your face is already green.
It's just a few contraceptive peaches.
You gave them contraceptive peaches?
What's the matter?
You feel ashamed that I gave the sweet couple contraceptive peaches?
Don't worry.
The contraceptive peaches will only make their family
temporarily unable to conceive a fifth child for a few dozen millennia.
It won't cost them much happiness, and won't cost me too much shame.
Actually, whether they have a fifth baby has nothing to do with me.
Then what are you still so bothered about them for?
What I'm bothered by is if Sang Ji hadn't canceled the engagement
then the consequent troublesome engagement wouldn't have happened.
While I was unaware, you and Father agreed on this engagement for me.
Now it has been 300 years. It's becoming increasingly awkward.
Yes, the Heavenly Lord's family loves to say vain words.
They haven't even come to see me and your father to discuss your wedding date.
Ye Hua has now married Consort Su Jin who is greatly favored by Heavenly Lord
and also has an imperial great-grandson.
He has even less intention of attending to this engagement with you.
Continuing to delay like this isn't a good option.
With Heavenly Lord having put this engagement to the side
even if someone in this world would like to marry you
he wouldn't dare commit an offense against the Celestial Tribe.
Fortunately, I am in no hurry to be married.
You can't say that.
It has been delayed for so long.
Perhaps you might become the laughingstock of the world again.
This won't do.
I'll have to discuss this with your parents one day.
Once I think that according to seniority, he should address me as Aunt
and according to age, he should address me as his senior
I just can't bring myself to be so cruel as to fulfill this engagement.
Forget it. Let's not talk about this shameful mess with the Celestial Tribe.
The Eastern Sea's banquet starts tomorrow.
Sleep here tonight before leaving for the sea tomorrow.
That was what I was thinking.
Your Fourth Brother had me make two special jars of wine for him.
They're buried under the tree by Jade Lake.
Dig them out before you leave and deliver them to your Fourth Brother.
Remember, do not spill them and do not drink them on the sly.
What wine is it that I am not allowed to drink? How stingy.
The little wine you have here isn't enough to fill up my small jade flask.
You really can't drink that wine.
If you want to drink some, you can go to my Chunyang Cave tomorrow
and take as much as you can.
All right, I'll do as you command, High God.
This small cottage has suffered through all the elements
but it still remains standing strong
and is so clean and tidy.
Zhe Yan sure has devoted his attention to it.
This would be perfect for digging up those two peach blossom wines to drink.
This peach blossom wine is for drinking on the sly.
The wine in the wine cellar of your Chunyang Cave is for the taking.
Can't miss out on either.
Medical expertise? Brewing wine is Zhe Yan's true expertise.
Your Highness.
Zhe Yan's Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods is close by the Eastern Sea.
It is just ashore.
Father.
Is Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods the residence of the mysterious high god
who has withdrawn from the three realms, is uninvolved in worldly affairs
and has elegant tastes?
According to age, you should be calling him your senior.
Are we going to visit an ancestor?
It's time for you to go to sleep.
Then return soon, Father.
If you gain the habit of not returning to your chambers at night
Mother will be heartbroken.
A-Li, didn't I already tell you
- Mother won't be- - I understand.
I will obey you on everything except for this, Father.
I have a feeling Mother will return.
Take the young prince to his bed.
- Yes. - Yes.
Go see if the water lily leaves have all been arranged.
Aunt's eyes are weak. Do not allow any glaring lights to shine through.
-Yes. -Yes.
Sister.
What are you doing standing here?
I wanted to see Crown Prince.
Crown Prince? You know him?
A few days ago, I happened to save the imperial great-grandson
and by chance, I met the Crown Prince.
Later on, I made a request using this favor
and served His Highness for ten days at his hut.
What an opportune incident.
Sister.
Could it be that you like the Crown Prince?
Think about this carefully.
Xiwu Palace is not a place normal people can stay in.
His main wife will be Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
His side consort, Su Jin
used to be a greatly favored imperial consort of the Heavenly Lord.
With those two present, would there be any place for you in Xiwu Palace?
The Crown Prince will be acceding Heavenly Lord's position in the future.
How could he possibly have only two women in his palace?
Besides, I just want to be able to stay by the Crown Prince's side.
I'd be content just to be a maid.
Have you really made your mind?
I heard that a couple hundred years ago during the Mermaid Clan's rebellion
Princess Lu Xiu of Chang Sea fell in love at first sight with the Crown Prince.
However, she did not even get a chance to get close to him.
Your looks are superior to Lu Xiu's.
Now you have even saved the imperial great-grandson's life.
You will have an easier time than she did.
Let me think about this.
I have an idea.
What is it?
After you perform a dance during the banquet tomorrow
I will beseech the Crown Prince to meet with you.
Tell him that I, your brother
am forcing you to marry the second prince of the West Sea.
Make the second prince of the West Sea sound like a hedonistic son
and tearfully lament to the Crown Prince.
You've saved the imperial great-grandson's life.
I reckon the Crown Prince wouldn't stand to see you coerced into marriage.
Be a maid first, and then later think of a way to make him fall for you.
This is a gift. Fresh peach blossom facial cream.
If you can capture everybody's attention tomorrow
perhaps you will be able to succeed and stay by the Crown Prince's side.
Thank you, Brother.
