I got it.
Have you been possessed?
I am going to go to choose someone from Qing Qiu
to be Ye Hua's disciple in the kitchen.
This way, even if Ye Hua leaves Qing Qiu, we'll still have food to eat.
All right, I'll go post up notices.
I've already arranged for a servant girl to transform into a Taoist nun
to look after Yuan Zhen in the Mortal Realm.
Why must you still insist on going to Qing Qiu to see Bai Qian?
You don't understand, My Lord.
A mother absolutely will not allow her child
to be subjected to any suffering or grievances.
I must see Aunt
and ask her to face the trial in place of Yuan Zhen.
He caused this disaster, so he needs to go through this trial.
Never mind Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
even if were High God Zhe Yan, I'm afraid he would not be able to help either.
No.
Aunt can.
You have too much confidence in this aunt of yours.
It is not that I am overly confident in her
but because of us
the Celestial Tribe owes Qing Qiu.
Other people cannot interfere in this, but Aunt certainly can.
Even if Aunt changes Yuan Zhen's fate without permission
the Heavenly Lord will still turn a blind eye.
That does hold some reason.
However, with Bai Qian's personality...
If she were to make your life difficult...
Do not worry, My Lord.
Aunt has returned the Cloud Clearing Fan to me
and has allowed me one wish.
She is one who keeps to her word. She definitely will not turn me down.
Mushroom Fairy, what is this notice for?
Aunt is going to choose someone today
to become Lord Ye Hua's disciple in the kitchen.
It is a rare chance.
It would be a great fortune to be Lord Ye Hua's disciple
even if it is in the kitchen.
There is already a long line of people in front of the Fox Den.
I'm afraid it is too late to go now.
It's not, it's not. It's happening tonight. There's still time. Let's go.
I heard from Mi Gu that you are choosing a disciple for me.
Yes.
Have them all leave.
None of them look like they have the talent.
In my opinion, you look like you'd do well.
But you truly have no need to learn from me.
It's enough that one of the two of us can cook.
Mi Gu.
Aunt, which one has the Crown Prince chosen?
He doesn't like any of them. Tell them to disperse.
Leave, leave.
All right. Let's go.
I'll take the young prince on a boat ride then.
Let's go.
Come on.
Qian Qian.
Come take a walk with me.
With your level of laziness
even this pond's flowers were left to survive on their own.
Yet, they still ended up looking like natural decorations.
They're not inferior to those in the Celestial Palace's lotus pond.
How rare.
Not at all.
This is just a natural pond. How can it compare to your lotus pond?
Your lotus pond has been written about
in countless poems by immortals and mortals
and has been praised by countless people.
Do you want to see it?
See what?
The Nine Heavens. The lotus pond.
There will be time.
According to what you said, you've never been to the Celestial Palace.
Aren't you curious?
There are many places in the world that I've never been to.
If I were curious about every place, wouldn't I be exhausted?
Kunlun Mountain is also renowned throughout the four seas.
I haven't been there either.
Do you really admire Kunlun Mountain?
Oh no. Why did I bring up Kunlun Mountain?
Where's Mi Gu?
Mi Gu has a barrier set up at the cave entrance.
It seems someone has stumbled in.
Aunt.
She's here with the fan already. It seems she has thought it through.
So you mean...
Allow her in.
Yes.
What did Aunt say?
Aunt said to let you in.
Shao Xing, if I were you, I would not have come to see Aunt.
It's the last time.
After this, I will never step foot in Qing Qiu again.
- Aunt. - Aunt.
Take A-Li to play.
Your Highness, come.
Since you have come to see me, you must have decided what to ask of me.
Lord Ye Hua is not a stranger. Go ahead and speak.
Aunt.
Can you save my child, Yuan Zhen?
Save your child?
It was the Heavenly Lord's birthday banquet a few days ago.
My Lord had brought Yuan Zhen and a gift
to the Nine Heavens to celebrate the Heavenly Lord's birthday.
Who could have known
Yuan Zhen would cause trouble in Xiwu Palace that night and nearly...
he nearly molested Consort Su Jin of Xiwu Palace.
Molested Su Jin?
A man who can be a crown prince sure is not an average man.
He seems to be quite cheerful at having been made a cuckold.
Yuan Zhen stopped at the last moment, but the Heavenly Lord was alerted.
The Heavenly Lord was exceptionally furious
and had Yuan Zhen immediately bound by an Immortal Seal
and then issued a decree
to have Yuan Zhen undergo a trial in the Mortal Realm for 60 years.
After 60 years, he can return to the ranks of the immortals.
This punishment does sound a bit severe for attempted harassment.
Yuan Zhen is a good and kindhearted child.
He doesn't even have the heart to step on an ant in the road.
I earnestly ask that you save his life, Aunt.
But... he has harassed Lord Ye Hua's side consort.
No need to defer to me.
I also think Yuan Zhen was punished too severely.
It was your side consort whom he harassed.
I do not have a side consort.
Since Your Highness thinks the punishment is too severe as well
please go to the Mortal Realm to save him, Aunt!
He is just going to the Mortal Realm to experience a trial.
He can return to the ranks of the immortals in 60 years.
Why do I need to save his life?
Because I have made inquiries and learned that
Yuan Zhen will encounter a major ordeal when he is 18 years old.
This ordeal will ruin his life.
I cannot bear to see him subjected to such torture
so I ask you to please change his predestined fate
so he can make it through this lifetime safely.
So you came to see me to help your son pass this trial?
Yes.
I do not dare to beg you to ask for a favor to pardon him from punishment.
I only ask that you secretly help him.
You were quite clever to ask me to help you with this.
You know that even if I change Yuan Zhen's fate
the Heavenly Lord won't pursue this matter with me, right?
I know that in this world
only you are able to do this.
All right, I promise you. I will do this for you.
But after it is done, our relationship as mistress and servant will be over.
You will have no more ties to Qing Qiu.
I thank you for granting me this wish.
What's wrong?
Were you bullied by those young immortals again?
They all laugh at me for being a snake.
They say I am not worthy of serving Qing Qiu's queen in the Fox Den.
You are so hopeless.
If anybody dared to bully me when I was a child
I would beat them up until they couldn't recognize their way home.
This is called the Cloud Clearing Fan.
It was given to me by the Lord of Numinous Treasures.
I'm giving it to you.
It is from the Lord of Numinous Treasures?
It's too valuable. I cannot accept it.
Just take it.
You've been with me for so long. I haven't given you any artifacts.
This fan is very powerful.
If anybody bullies you, just use this fan to blow them out of Qing Qiu.
This fan is that powerful?
It's yours now.
Thank you, Aunt.
Why did you say Shao Xing was clever to ask you to do this?
You were eavesdropping?
I wanted to hear how this person who paid no heed to your position as her mistress
and caused you to be ridiculed by the four seas
would come to beg you for a favor.
In the Nine Heavens...
every immortal has the ability to change the fate of mortals.
However, the Celestial Tribe has a rule in place.
Even if they have the ability, they cannot use it.
The Celestial Tribe owes the Bai family a great many debts.
They haven't repaid any of them.
If I were to meddle a little
the Heavenly Lord would turn a blind eye and just accept it.
That's why I am the best person to do it.
This snake sure is crafty.
It is good her to be clever.
Then she won't be taken advantage of in the North Sea.
This is a simple task.
When done, my ties with her will be cleanly severed.
It seems I'll have to make a trip to see
Star Lord Si Ming, who follows Dong Hua Dijun
to see what ordeal Yuan Zhen goes through when he is 18 years old.
I'll have to find out which hour and day, and how it happens to him.
Star Lord Si Ming is quite eccentric.
Even the Heavenly Lord cannot take a look in his Book of Destiny.
It will be quite difficult for you to find out from him.
What should I do then?
Fortunately, Star Lord Si Ming owes me a favor.
If I ask him in your place, it will be easier.
Really? Can you get it for me?
But you have to promise me one thing.
What is it?
Seal your powers when you go to the Mortal Realm.
Seal my powers?
Changing fate is an act that defies nature.
The same amount of magic you use to change fate
will rebound back at you.
Qian Qian, you may be a high goddess
but being hit a few times like that can be quite serious.
When we take on the positions of Heavenly Lord and Heavenly Empress
what will we do then?
Take on the position of Heavenly Empress?
Have you forgotten?
You will marry into Xiwu Palace one day.
When one becomes Heavenly Lord or Heavenly Empress
one must endure 81 sacred blazes and 9 holy bolts of lightning.
If you are hit by your own magic, I'm afraid you won't survive.
All right, I promise.
But, you and I aren't married yet.
If you have to take on the position of Heavenly Lord today
I won't be able to marry you in time.
81 sacred blazes and 9 holy bolts of lightning
will then be out of the question.
What is it? Is there something wrong with what I said?
Qian Qian.
Are you blaming me for not proposing to you sooner?
If I had married you 300 years ago
then this worry wouldn't be a concern today.
It was just an offhand comment.
It looks to be getting late.
Lord Ye Hua, why don't you complete this task for me quickly
so I can start helping Yuan Zhen through his trial?
Why would Your Highness think of looking into Yuan Zhen's fate?
High Goddess Bai Qian promised Second Uncle's wife
that she would help Yuan Zhen through his trial.
Aunt sure is kind.
She doesn't mind at all that the snake stole Second Prince away 300 years ago...
I'll tell Your Highness about Yuan Zhen's story in the Mortal Realm then.
Yuan Zhen is reincarnated into an imperial family.
It is the Song family. His name is Song Yuan Zhen.
He is named Crown Prince at 12 years old.
Now, he is almost 18 years old and his trial will soon commence.
Yuan Zhen's mother in the Mortal Realm is a Noble Consort.
After she gave birth to Yuan Zhen
she took him with her to a Taoist temple and became a nun.
When he turned 16
she had Yuan Zhen's master send him back to the palace.
Yuan Zhen's master
is a servant sent by Sang Ji, the Water King of the North Sea
to look after Yuan Zhen.
A servant?
So Second Uncle still secretly sent someone to look after him.
Yes.
In my opinion, if Aunt does not want to disrupt his fate
then she must replace this master and remain by Yuan Zhen's side.
That's the only way.
As for how to help him pass the ordeal, she will have to consider it at length.
Thank you.
It was Your Highness who deferred to Dong Hua Dijun
and pardoned Bai Feng Jiu for stealing the Soul-gathering Lamp.
You could say I am returning this favor for Dijun today.
Your Highness must remind Aunt that
she must seal her own powers when she is in the Mortal Realm.
- Or else... - I understand.
You're saying the nine-tailed fox
is going to the Mortal Realm to help Yuan Zhen?
That is what His Highness and the Star Lord said.
They also said Bai Qian must seal her own powers in the Mortal Realm.
Sister Miao Qing, I might have to ask you to make a trip to the Mortal Realm.
Me?
It is reasonable to say that I am your older sister.
I should be the one to take such risks.
But as His Highness's side consort
every move I make is under scrutiny by everyone.
I truly do not dare to make any rash moves.
However, you have much more freedom.
What would you like me to do in the Mortal Realm?
I heard you saying how precious and cherished this book is.
I thought you would only be able to get a copy.
I didn't expect you would come back with the original.
Take a look.
Si Ming wrote a story that really makes one want to tear up.
It is a waste of talent for Lord Si Ming not to write a few plays.
On the first fay of the sixth month, the emperor will visit Shuyu River.
Crown Prince Yuan Zhen will go along.
A roc bird will appear at the river scaring everyone into a panic.
A beautiful woman on the riverbank accidentally falls into the water.
Yuan Zhen will jump into the water to save her.
So this trial is the test of a beauty?
Yuan Zhen and the beauty fall in love with each other in the water.
Unfortunately, the emperor also takes a liking to this woman.
He takes her back to the palace and she becomes his favorite.
This emperor sure is affectionate.
Yuan Zhen cannot accept losing the love of his life
and on a certain drunken night, he and the beauty meet in a secluded spot.
Not long after, the beauty gives birth to a prince.
So Yuan Zhen cuckoldes his father in the Mortal Realm?
That's correct.
The prince is naturally Yuan Zhen's son, but Yuan Zhen does not know it.
A dozen years later, the emperor falls severely ill.
The prince fights Yuan Zhen for the position of Crown Prince
and ultimately dies by Yuan Zhen's sword.
This grievous news is relayed to the beauty who then hangs herself.
Before her death, she writes a letter telling the truth to Yuan Zhen.
After reading it, Yuan Zhen is inconsolable with grief
and wishes to slit his own throat.
However, he is the only remaining male heir of the imperial family.
He has no choice but to reluctantly take the throne.
And just like that, he rules until 60 years of age when he dies of old age
having lived a miserable life.
What a tempestuous fate.
Yuan Zhen's life is truly legendary.
So at 18 years old, the moment he sees the beauty fall into the water
is a crucial turning point in his life.
As long as he doesn't save that beauty, he can then live a smooth life?
That's correct.
Looks like I'll have to live in the Mortal Realm for half a year
and wait for the first day of the sixth month
and prevent him from saving that beauty.
I've already made arrangements for you.
After you arrive in the Mortal Realm
Yuan Zhen's Taoist master will refer you into the palace
for you to be Yuan Zhen's new master.
I'm going to be a Taoist nun?
Yes.
- Senior. - Junior.
Crown Prince, my time with you has run its course.
It is time for us to part.
Master.
It's just that as Your Highness's master
I feel I am letting you down by leaving so suddenly.
Fortunately, my senior fellow apprentice who wanders the world
happens to be here.
I asked her to look after Your Highness in my stead.
I have not traveled outside temple grounds in hundreds of years.
To be able to have been master and disciple with Your Highness
can be considered good fortune.
But... But I can't bear to leave you, Master.
The fate of meetings and partings is not up to you or me, Your Highness.
I understand. But...
Master, thank you for watching over Yuan Zhen all these years.
Hurry and greet my senior.
Yuan Zhen, hurry. Give your greetings to the Taoist priest.
Taoist Priest.
Very good, very good.
You mean to say...
I can tell from a glance
the Crown Prince was one among the ranks of the immortals of the Nine Heavens.
He descended to the Mortal Realm
to endure a trial because he had committed a wrong.
Will my son return to ranks of the immortals after he passes the trial?
If I properly guide and enlighten him
and the Crown Prince is wholeheartedly devoted to Taoist practice
I believe it won't be difficult for him to return to the ranks of the immortals.
Quick, salute your master.
Master.
Master, if you do not mind, you can live here from now on.
It will do.
You can go for today. Come back tomorrow to study Taoism from me.
Yes.
It is only the first day of the first month.
I really have to live here for half a year
until the day the beauty falls into Shuyu River.
But this can be good.
I can observe how the Mortal Realm's imperial family spends their days.
High Immortal.
Ghost Lord, at the Eastern Sea, you spoke very rudely.
Now you are bowing your head to Kunlun Mountain disciples?
I am here to request to see High Immortal Si Yin.
What did you say?
You want to see Si Yin?
It was because of the war with your Ghost Tribe 70,000 years ago
that my master died in battle and Si Yin disappeared as well.
How dare you have the nerve to come here and say you want to see him?
High Immortal, I saw Si Yin a couple of days ago.
I thought that since Si Yin is deeply attached to Kunlun Mountain
if he were to return, he would surely come to Kunlun Mountain.
What? You've seen him? Where?
On the north bank of the Eastern Sea, within the borders of the Far North.
The Far North?
Please leave, Ghost Lord.
Although Kunlun Mountain isn't an enemy of the Ghost Realm
for the sake of the Celestial Tribe
we still have no friendship with the Ghost Realm.
As for Si Yin, my fellow disciples and I will continue to search for him.
You need not go to the trouble, Ghost Lord. Farewell.
Wait, High Immortal!
What is the use in asking him?
Since A-Yin purposely hid her identity
why would these Kunlun Mountain people know?
Fiery Qilin.
My Lord.
- Return to Grand Ziming Palace. - Yes.
My Lord.
I have been investigating the Ghost Realm situation recently.
I encountered many from the Ghost Realm
traveling to various regions in disguise in search of High Immortal Si Yin.
They all carried this drawing.
I heard this very drawing was drawn by the Ghost Lord himself.
The rest are all copies.
There was word from Sixteenth Disciple just now
that Ghost Lord visited Kunlun Mountain today
and said he had seen Si Yin
so he went to check if Si Yin had returned to Kunlun Mountain.
I have been searching for Si Yin for 70,000 years without any clues.
How could he have seen him? It is clearly another lie!
Die Feng.
Is the one in this drawing really Si Yin?
Yes, this is Seventeenth Disciple.
You just said Ghost Lord Li Jing had seen Si Yin?
Yes, that's what Li Jing said to Sixteenth, Zi Lan.
Did he say where?
On the north bank of the Eastern Sea.
The north bank of the Eastern Sea?
So it is indeed the Eastern Sea.
Kunlun Mountain's seventeenth disciple, Si Yin
and Mo Yuan's body, have been missing for 70,000 years.
This is the Celestial Tribe's biggest unresolved case.
I never imagined... Qian Qian, you are Si Yin.
Does Your Highness have a clue?
No.
But I have heard of the matters regarding Si Yin.
Seeing this drawing has reminded me of the great war 70,000 years ago.
You may all step out now.
- Yes. - Yes.
Why did you take Mo Yuan's body?
Why did you disappear? You even avoided your fellow disciples.
Qian Qian, if I were to ask you, would you tell me the truth?
Good boy. Ying'er, you are such a good boy.
- Your Majesty. - Your Majesty.
- Leave. - Yes.
My Lord, look. He's very obedient. He doesn't cry or scream.
Stop this nonsense.
It's been 300 years. How come you still haven't come to your senses?
It's because you stole the tactical formations
that we have a sick child.
My Lord, I have found a way to make him wake up.
My Lord.
As long as Ying'er wakes up
that will be proof that I can give birth to a healthy child.
Then I can bear more princes for you.
And princesses!
Don't you miss Yan Zhi the most?
I will give birth to a few princesses for you. Won't that be nice?
Since things have turned out this way, why don't you just let it go?
Let me ask you.
Who exactly is Si Yin?
It's been 70,000 years.
Are you still thinking of that man?
Could it be that you don't know?
She is the same as you, a woman of the Fox Clan.
A woman of the Fox Clan?
Impossible.
I saw him get dressed with my own eyes when I was at Kunlun Mountain.
He is a man of the Celestial Tribe!
Your Majesty was once with him.
How could you not know he is a man of the Celestial Tribe?
I knew long ago that she is a woman.
But she never told me she was from the Fox Clan, and not the Celestial Tribe.
The Fox Clan?
A woman of the Fox Clan?
Did you think of something?
I don't believe Si Yin is a woman of the Fox Clan.
My Lord, stop lying to yourself.
Do you really not know?
Ying'er, you're so good.
As long as you listen to me, I will definitely wake you up.
Qian Qian.
So it was you.
I can't believe it didn't cross my mind that Si Yin was actually you.
Why do all the men I love constantly think of you?
You already have Mo Yuan.
Why must you still steal Li Jing from me?
Mo Yuan?
Why didn't it occur to me?
Mo Yuan.
Take a look at this.
This is made from fresh morning dew collected from leaves at daybreak.
- Aunt. - It smells so fragrant.
Take a look.
- Aunt is back. - Aunt, you're back?
- Weren't you going to the Mortal Realm? - Yes. You're back so soon?
I can't believe Bai Qian actually isn't here.
Even the Heavens are helping me.
A day in Heaven is a year in the Mortal Realm.
You might think time passes by quickly
but many months have actually gone by already.
That is true. You picked these this morning.
You said you'd be in the Mortal Realm from six months to a whole year.
You told me to save these loquats and you'd pick them up tomorrow.
Should I deliver them to the Fox Den for you?
No, I'll take them myself.
Thank you.
- Aunt sure is polite today. - Yes.
- It's so strange. - Yes.
Mother, you're back!
- Aunt. - Mother!
What did you call me?
Mother, didn't you tell me you'd be gone from Qing Qiu for a day?
How come you're back so soon?
Because I really miss you.
Aunt, didn't you say you'd be in the Mortal Realm for at least a day?
The Mortal Realm is too boring, so I came back.
Boring?
What's the matter?
Weren't you going to help Shao Xing's son through his trial?
The trial was too easy so I came back.
Why don't you follow me into the Fox Den?
All right.
Let's go.
My good son.
Aunt might dote on the young prince
but she knows the Celestial Tribe's etiquette
and never calls him her son.
Aunt is acting a little strange today.
All right, go bring me High God Mo Yuan.
Aunt, have you forgotten?
Forgotten what?
Weren't you afraid the Crown Prince would discover Mo Yuan
so you personally cast a spell to hide Yanhua Cave?
Yes, Yanhua Cave.
Let's go to Yanhua Cave right now.
Son, wait here for me.
You really are here.
You aren't Aunt!
Mi Gu, don't be silly.
When Aunt sees Mo Yuan, she always does a salute as his disciple!
You aren't Aunt. You are Xuan Nu!
You traitor! How dare you come to Qing Qiu?
Aunt!
No...
Aunt, what orders do you have?
Bring me the young prince.
Yes.
Why don't I save the beauty when she falls into the water?
No, no. What if the beauty falls for me? Wouldn't that be even more troublesome?
Qian Qian, I haven't seen you in days. I missed you terribly.
Have you missed me?
I came to tell you some important news.
Do you know who was reincarnated as Yuan Zhen's father in this lifetime?
