It's a promise then.
You can't marry anyone else.
I'll come and visit you when I have the time.
When you're all grown up, I'll marry you.
Ye Hua, you loved to read when you were a child.
Who would have expected you to be the same as your mortal self?
Little man.
You're talking to me?
Little man.
Who are you?
Do you not know me?
Your Highness, the Crown Prince took the amnesia potion.
It's normal that he doesn't know you.
Don't be upset.
It isn't that.
I know that he doesn't remember me.
It's just that seeing him at this age reminds me of the time
we spent together in the Celestial Palace.
Back then, that mortal, Su Su, didn't exist.
Nor was there Qing Qiu's Bai Qian.
I was the only one in the Nine Heavens who could keep him company.
Indeed.
I've served Your Highness since then.
I remember that Prince Yang Cuo made you the Crown Prince's playmate.
Back then, Your Highness was still very playful.
You often teased the Crown Prince until he frowned.
It was so cute.
Indeed.
Ye Hua has always been very pretty since he was a child.
He didn't like to talk much, nor was he lively.
I had to tease him for a long time to get a reply from him.
I've been by his side since he was born.
He's my only kin.
I treat him wholeheartedly and valued him more than my own life.
What are those other women compared to me?
Young Master, you must be tired from your studies.
Why don't you continue tomorrow?
Master.
Father.
You're studying hard again?
What good deeds have I done to get such a self-motivated child?
Our Liu Family relies on you to make our family proud.
Come here.
This is your older cousin, Su Jin.
She will be staying in our manor for a few days.
Take her as your playmate.
Hey! Aren't you going to greet me?
Are you a mute?
There are books in the back.
You can go and read them.
Don't disturb me.
Why have you come home so late today?
You just started in the Imperial College and there's so much homework?
Look at you. You're drenched.
What will you do if you get sick?
Seriously, Sixteenth.
He said that he's been guarding Kunlun Mountain
but he didn't even clean the wine cellar...
These men are all so lazy.
Who knew that the lazy Seventeenth had changed after 70,000 years?
Master, you're here?
Look! Is this place tidied up well?
It's very clean.
Master, do you remember?
Back then, I made such a big fuss over the break up with Li Jing.
Master was forced to leave your meditation early.
It was right here that you drank with me.
Did you already know that I was a girl then?
Since the moment you stepped into the Grand Hall of Kunlun Mountain
I knew that you were Fox King Bai Zhi's youngest daughter.
Why did you still take me as your disciple?
Isn't it a rule in Kunlun Mountain not to take female disciples?
Why do you think I took you in?
It was definitely because of Zhe Yan, right?
Master is such an easygoing person.
You must have been scared of being pestered by that old phoenix.
Master probably didn't know then
that taking me in as your female disciple would be even more troublesome.
You even had to take my godly ascension trial.
Speaking of which, all I did then was cry.
I haven't even thanked Master properly.
Zhe Yan told me that you pierced your heart
to feed me your blood for 70,000 years.
Is that true?
Master is my benefactor.
If I have to sacrifice my life for you, I will.
I think that it was totally worthwhile
to offer blood from my heart to keep Master intact.
If I hadn't sacrificed my spirit to seal the Bell of the East Emperor...
would you still be here in Kunlun Mountain today?
Definitely.
I wanted to stay in Kunlun Mountain forever.
Stay in Kunlun Mountain forever?
I don't mind if Master makes fun of me about it
but when I broke up with Li Jing
I was too upset and I thought
that I'd just stay in Kunlun Mountain forever.
I could keep Master company and stay forever carefree
while learning Taoism. How nice.
As a woman, you have to get married sooner or later.
Even if you wanted to stay, your parents wouldn't have agreed.
Ye Hua wasn't around then
and I hadn't thought of being with anyone forever.
Indeed...
Ye Hua wasn't around then.
Seventeenth.
Do you know why I worked unceasingly for 70,000 years to repair my spirit?
I do.
Zhe Yan said that you would never disappoint those you care about.
Back at Ruoshui Riverbank
Master told all the disciples of Kunlun Mountain that you'd return.
We knew that you would.
You worked so hard for us.
I've never disappointed those I cared about...
That's true.
I did it for the one I cared about.
I know that Master cares about all of us.
I remember when Master rescued me from Grand Ziming Palace.
It was because you cared.
How nice.
Master has finally returned.
Yes, I've returned.
Seventeenth.
An honored guest has asked for you.
Come quickly!
An honored guest?
Master, do join us.
Master, come with us.
Look, how cute is he?
He does look quite lovely.
Where is the honored guest?
- Master! - Master!
Mother!
What brings you here?
Come here to greet my mentor, High God Mo Yuan.
A-Li greets High God Mo Yuan.
Get up.
Thank you, High God.
I'm here on Father's behalf to greet High God with Lord Dong Hua.
It's just that Lord Dong Hua has lost his powers temporarily
so A-Li had to come here alone.
Your father is...
Crown Prince of the Nine Heavens, Ye Hua.
He's... he's that future husband of mine.
A-Li, your father is my mentor's twin brother.
He's the son of the Heavenly Father.
His spirit sunk into a deep sleep after a huge battle.
He turned into a golden lotus and rested in this lotus pond.
Then due to a series of coincidences he was born as Crown Prince Ye Hua.
Father is the younger brother of Mother's mentor?
How should I address High God Mo Yuan?
Uncle? Or Grand Master?
Mother, this difference in hierarchy seems to be quite huge.
Why don't we wait until we can ask your father about it?
Who would have thought?
You're not married yet and your child is already so grown up.
Seventeenth, you've really impressed me.
Exactly.
Seventeenth got ahead of us.
She's definitely the first among us to have a child.
- Exactly. - Yes.
Look at Senior.
He's still all alone by himself.
Don't you feel bad?
Master is also still single, isn't he?
Why would you single me out?
Don't frighten my Riceball.
Go and play now.
How adorable! Come here!
How cute. Look at his tiny face.
It's snowing.
Aren't you going to take a look?
Little nerd, I have a secret to tell you.
My parents told me that your father has asked to have me marry you.
Ridiculous! I'll go and break this engagement off right away!
No! I want to marry you!
You've been holding on to this all the time.
Who gave it to you?
- Give it back to me! - I won't!
- Give it back! - I won't!
Give it back to me!
I won't!
Give it back!
Young Master, what's wrong?
Give it back to me!
Ye Hua, come back here!
Young Mistress Su Jin, are you crazy?
Who is Ye Hua?
How dare you speak to Young Master like this?
Even Master and Mistress have to give in to Young Master's temper.
Why would you dare to touch his beads?
Whatever you do, you can't touch those.
They mean the world to Young Master.
Who gave them to him? Tell me!
I only know that they're related to Qing Qiu.
Qing Qiu?
Do you know where it is?
Young Master has been searching through ancient records for that place
but to no avail.
If you really know about it tell him quickly.
He will be so happy.
I know about it. I definitely do.
Really?
Go and tell him now.
Young Master will be very grateful to you.
No! I won't tell him!
I'll never tell him what Qing Qiu is!
Your Highness, does it hurt?
Get some rest, Your Highness.
You've been carving that for two days now.
If you keep using your eyes you might go blind.
No...
If I don't finish it soon, it might be too late.
Xin Nu, look.
Do you think this wooden figurine resembles that mortal, Su Su?
Your Highness...
I'm asking you.
Does it resemble her?
It's...
It's about two thirds similar now.
It has to be at least three quarters similar to fool the Crown Prince.
Little Princess, since you returned to the den
you haven't eaten or slept at all.
All you do is cry.
Are you trying to worry me sick?
What are you worried about?
Even my aunt doesn't care about me anymore.
Little Princess, Mi Gu watched you grow up.
You always have a say in who you like and who you don't.
So what if you take the throne as the Queen?
What does that have to do with your affection for Lord Dong Hua?
You don't understand!
If I become the Queen, I have to stay in Qing Qiu.
Who said that?
Am I not right?
Auntie can't be the Queen once she marries Crown Prince Ye Hua.
She has to marry into the Nine Heavens.
Of course not.
Are you muddleheaded?
You're the muddleheaded one, my Little Princess.
Why would Auntie have to marry into the Nine Heavens?
Because Crown Prince Ye Hua is the future Heavenly Lord.
He's the master of the world.
Hence, Auntie has to leave Qing Qiu to marry into the Nine Heavens.
Because Auntie will be the Heavenly Empress.
Exactly.
But who is Lord Dong Hua?
He was once the God of Heaven and Earth.
But he's retired now.
He can go anywhere he wants, or stay in the Heavens.
Who could hold him back?
Am I right?
That's true.
See?
Why would it matter if you become the Queen of Qing Qiu?
It doesn't change anything.
I'd say that it would be better if you were the Queen of Qing Qiu.
As the Queen of Qing Qiu
you'd have a lot more chances to discuss matters in the Nine Heavens.
You just need to stand on one side and Lord Dong Hua on the other.
You get to look at each other every day.
As time goes by, won't that kindle some affection?
That's true.
In my opinion, you and Lord Dong Hua just need some more time.
How long have you known him?
Didn't Lord Dong Hua fall in love with you in the Mortal Realm?
If you get to spend more time together
how could Lord Ding Hua not fall for you?
Exactly!
Hurry up, Mi Gu! Waste no time!
Bring me the books of rites for Qing Qiu's Queen.
I'm going to read them now.
That's my Little Princess.
Wait here. I'll get them from the cellar for you.
Little Princess, you've been reading all night.
Shouldn't you get some rest?
Auntie will marry the Crown Prince soon.
I can't waste any time.
The sooner I finish reading them, the sooner I can take the throne.
The sooner I can attend court sessions in the Nine Heavens.
This is it?
These are just a portion of the books.
The rest are the ancient teachings of Qing Qiu.
Finish reading these first.
The others were all thrown into the cellar by Auntie.
They are a bit damp.
I'll go and dry them off.
Star Lord.
I heard that Little Princess is soon to become the Queen of Qing Qiu
so I've come to present a small gift to you.
What gift is it?
I was going through some ancient records of the Celestial Tribe
and I discovered something interesting
so I hurried over here to hand it to Little Princess.
More ancient records?
This ancient record isn't just any ancient record.
It's the record of Lord Dong Hua when he was still the God of Heaven and Earth.
Some events recorded in here might be of some help to you.
It's about Dong Hua?
Are the records all true?
Definitely.
No wonder...
It's no wonder that even my aunt persuaded me to give him up.
Are you using this record to try to convince me too?
I think that Little Princess is entitled to know the truth.
His Lordship isn't really so cruel to you.
It's just that before you were born, he had already made that decision.
It isn't that His Lordship hasn't taken a liking to you.
His Lordship didn't take that heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm
to experience the six sufferings of the mortals
but to fulfill your wish for a romance with him.
In the Celestial Palace, Lord Dong Hua is tied down by his destiny.
He can't be with you.
However, in the Mortal Realm he could defy destiny
in the name of taking on a heavenly trial.
It might have only been a few years, but His Lordship was true to you.
This is the truth that I wish for you to know.
Lord Dong Hua...
He went to the Mortal Realm for me?
Exactly.
Therefore, before the Crown Prince went
to the Mortal Realm for his heavenly trial
he'd already sent you to guard Ruoshui and the Ghost Realm?
Indeed.
Mo Yuan has just returned and trouble is already stirring in the Ghost Realm.
Is something going to happen soon?
Lord Dong Hua...
I don't wish to see you again.
Lord Dong Hua! Lord Dong Hua!
What's the matter?
You used a third of your power on that leap.
It's too much for me.
The Star Lord was telling the truth?
You've lost your powers since you returned from the Mortal Realm?
Exactly.
Why didn't you tell me?
What is so shocking about that?
How can I not be shocked?
You were so powerful.
What will you do if you encounter danger without your powers?
What danger will I encounter in the Celestial Palace?
I've lost my powers temporarily for returning to the Celestial Realm
before the end of my scheduled 60-year trial.
Not even I can defy the will of Heaven, you see?
But I'll be all right in a year or two.
I've cleared things up with you so you can go home now.
Lord Dong Hua...
You purposely avoided me
because our names aren't on the Rock of Three Incarnations?
How do you know about the Rock of Three Incarnations?
Did Zhe Yan or Mo Yuan tell you about it?
Or was it your father?
But he promised me that he wouldn't breathe a word of it to you.
Neither.
The Star Lord brought me the Celestial Tribe's ancient records.
They said that you gave up the heavenly throne.
Is that true?
You ruined your own destined marriage recorded on the rock?
Is there no way to fix it?
I don't believe that.
It doesn't matter if you don't.
The Rock of Three Incarnations records all destined marriages.
My name won't be on it.
It isn't just you, no one will be in a relationship with me.
I don't believe that...
Stop fooling around!
I don't believe that your name can't be on the Rock of Three Incarnations.
Every tail of a nine-tailed fox can turn into a magical artifact by will.
I'm going to carve your name into the Rock of Three Incarnations.
There were ceaseless battles in the realms then.
As the God of Heaven and Earth
Lord Dong Hua defined the law of the immortals
as well as life and death in all six realms.
In order to make himself invulnerable
he removed his own name from the Rock of Three Incarnations.
The Rock of Three Incarnations determines all marriages.
Anyone whose name isn't on it, won't be in any relationships.
No matter how long Lord Dong Hua lives, he will always be single.
It isn't that he is deprived of all emotion.
It's just his name isn't on the rock.
Whatever relationships he encountered
he regarded them as ill-fated romance.
Little Princess, do you understand what an ill-fated romance is?
It's just like what you both went through in the Mortal Realm.
The relationship between you and Lord Dong Hua will never end well.
Lord Dong Hua...
Lord Dong Hua...
Lord Dong Hua...
Where is your name?
Where is it?
Bai Feng Jiu...
That's impossible...
That's impossible
How can that be right?
It can't be!
How can it be...
Lord Dong Hua is the one I love!
Little Princess.
Heed my advice.
If you remain so stubborn and continue to defy the will of Heaven...
it won't do you much good.
It won't do Lord Dong Hua any good either.
Those years you shared in the Mortal Realm
were but a few days in Heaven.
Yet that was enough to make Lord Dong Hua lose his powers.
Although it's only temporary
and His Lordship will recover in a year or two...
this serves as a warning to him.
If you insist on staying by his side
who knows how the two of you will be punished?
Little Princess, it's not too late to set things right.
Why?
Why is it gone?
How did that happen?
Why?
Why?
How could it be? Dong Hua, tell me!
How can it be?
It can't be...
What happened to Little Princess?
Take her to Qing Qiu right away.
The pain of losing a tail is unbearable for a nine-tailed fox.
You violated the regulations.
Ancient records of the Celestial Tribe aren't allowed outside the Nine Heavens.
As the Star Lord, you violated the regulations knowingly.
Go to Lord Pu Hua for your punishment.
I willingly accept the punishment.
Mi Gu!
What is it now?
- She cut off her own tail. - What?
The loss of a nine-tailed fox's tail is like digging one's heart out!
Is it really that bad?
All right now, give her to me.
I'll take her to the Peach Tree Woods.
Don't follow me.
High God! High God Zhe Yan!
Fourth Uncle!
Fourth Uncle!
I'm so forgetful.
They have all gone to Kunlun Mountain.
Auntie!
Auntie!
Auntie!
You are...
Isn't this Seventeenth's niece?
Yes, this is our Little Princess.
I'm the minor deity, Mi Gu, who serves in Auntie's Fox Den.
Our Little Princess... she broke her tail and her fever won't go down.
She's still unconscious.
I couldn't find High God Zhe Yan, so I came for Auntie in Kunlun Mountain.
Here.
Come with me.
Why aren't they here yet?
Don't worry. I've sent someone to search for them.
She's awake.
Little Princess, are you awake?
Does it hurt badly?
Seventeenth!
Mu Gu!
- High God! - What happened?
Wasn't she fine when she returned from Kunlun Mountain?
It's because of Lord Dong Hua.
When is it not because of him that Little Princess is wounded?
What does that mean?
When the Star Lord carried her back to the Fox Den
he said that she had cut off her tail.
Fourth Brother, look at that child!
She really doesn't care about her life.
Think of a way to ease the pain quickly!
The pain of a broken tail could easily kill her!
I already eased the pain.
Don't say another word.
Leave the room now.
What is Lord Dong Hua doing here?
Fifth Sister, speak politely to Lord Dong Hua.
After all, this isn't his fault.
You know about the Rock of Three Incarnations?
So?
Lord Dong Hua, you knew that you couldn't have any relationships.
You should have rejected Xiao Jiu sooner.
The Nine-tailed Fox Clan is one stubborn clan.
Once we decide on someone, we never change our minds.
You meddled with her and made her fall in love with you
but then you told her that you can't be with her.
What play is this you're acting?
I'm sorry.
What good is an apology now?
Can you bear the pain of her broken tail for her?
Seventeenth.
Lord Dong Hua has his reasons.
All right, I won't say another word.
All right, she's awake now.
She's just still a bit dazed.
You can take a look at her.
Auntie...
Who do you think I see?
Lord Dong Hua, whom you care for deeply.
