Father, please speak.
I am giving you a golden lotus.
Let it grow in Kunlun Mountain's lotus pond.
Use your immortal powers to take good care of it
until it takes on a human form.
A golden lotus?
Xuan Nu has disturbed you.
You must be Si Yin's friend.
Yes, I just came from the herb drying area.
I am taking a walk around the area.
I'll take my leave.
Master.
Xuan Nu looks quite graceful, much like Seventeenth.
I am going into seclusion tonight.
I will be gone for anywhere from 10 days to half a month.
While I am gone, you will be in charge of keeping an eye on Seventeenth.
But Seventeenth has so many mischievous ideas.
No matter how many mischievous ideas he has
30,000 copies of True Classic of Vacuity
will be enough to last him half a month.
So the punishment you gave him
was to keep him from straying from Kunlun Mountain?
That's correct.
Seventeenth's temper is undisciplined and he avoids practicing asceticism.
He does not yet know that in half a month
he will face a heavenly trial to his godly ascension.
Look after him for now.
We will figure something out after I am back.
Yes, Master.
Ninth Disciple.
Please review.
- Ninth Disciple. - No need for insincere words.
Copying the scripture is the proper thing to do.
I want to talk to you about Qing Qiu.
I heard there is an auspicious event happening soon in Qing Qiu.
Fox King Bai Zhi's first grandchild is about to be born.
I heard you greatly admire the two gods, Fox King Bai Zhi and Zhe Yan.
The two of them will be there.
Why don't we join in the festivities?
Fox King hasn't appeared in thousands of years.
Is your information verified?
Absolutely.
All right. Continue copying.
I am not done talking yet.
Everyone knows one must cross the Sea of Rebirth to reach Qing Qiu.
However, I know a shortcut.
With your cloud jumping techniques
we won't be gone for more than half a day.
When we get there, we'll watch the two gods from afar, drink a toast
and then we'll return.
What do you think?
No! Master ordered me to watch you day and night.
I must not stray from my duties.
Let me put it this way.
Even if you watch me day and night, you won't be able to guard me.
I will still find a way to sneak out.
It's true.
That's why you should accompany me.
That's still considered watching me day and night.
You wouldn't be defying orders.
How about it?
This area is the border between Qing Qiu and Ghost Realm.
This has been the case for thousands of years.
We should reach Qing Qiu in an hour.
This place feels evil.
I can't use my cloud leaping abilities at all.
We must be careful.
I've heard Dong Hua Dijun talk to Master about the Ghost Realm.
He said the current Ghost Lord is very ambitious
and he'll surely wage a fierce war against the Celestials in the future.
What would be the point of the war?
Ambition, probably.
Speaking of the Ghost Lord, I think I have seen a painting of him.
Watch out!
Speak! Why are you attacking us?
Why did they take their own lives without saying anything?
We weren't trying to kill them.
That shriek was their secret signal to commit suicide.
Run!
Brother, they are dressed so strangely.
They don't look like the ones we are searching for.
Nor do they seem to be from the Ghost Tribe.
That's right. They are of the Celestial Tribe.
The Celestial Tribe?
So what of it?
Sooner or later, I will have them bow before us and they will be our prisoners.
As will the entire world.
All right.
But, Celestials are all so beautiful.
When they become our prisoners
you can pick a few to keep as pets in the palace.
Is that Ghost Lord Qing Cang?
Yes.
I stay at my post in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods all year long.
This is my first time outside. I didn't expect to lose my way.
You are Zhe Yan's men?
I am an immortal under Zhe Yan.
Zhe Yan and Qing Qiu are like one.
Ever since Bai Zhi took over as Fox King
he has not interfered in the grudges between Celestials, Demons, and Ghosts.
He has preserved the peace
that has existed in Qing Qiu for hundreds of thousands of years.
Yes, our Zhe Yan told us
not to get involved in the affairs of Celestials, Demons, and Ghosts
to allow peace and quiet in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
Ghost Lord, the forest is full of the corpses of the rebel soldiers.
Is that your doing?
We were lost. They came out of nowhere and attacked us.
They didn't say a word, they just came at us with swords.
We did it to save our own lives.
Rightful deaths.
I pursued them all the way here in order to keep a few alive for interrogation.
Yet, you two killed them all.
That's all right.
From this day forth, whoever dares stand in my way in this world...
will meet the same end.
Yes, absolutely. We shall take our leave now.
Golden Tiger.
You are our guests.
You two are invited as guests to Grand Ziming Palace.
Head back to the palace.
Why is the Ghost Lord taking us back to the palace?
Could Zhe Yan have offended him?
But this is Grand Ziming Palace.
Celestial disciples cannot use our powers here.
I can't even summon my sword.
Only those ranked as gods can come and go freely.
Young immortal.
Princess.
How did you know I am the princess?
You have such a graceful figure and stunning features
and you can intimidate the three armies.
Of course you are the princess.
It's said Celestials are all condescending. You seem quite unique.
Princess, you are wrong there.
Our god has long lived in seclusion in the Peach Tree Woods
and bothers not with affairs of the world.
That is why we can't be considered part of the Celestial Tribe.
That is for the best. My father hates the Celestial Tribe.
Are you married yet?
Me?
Are you?
No.
Really? That's wonderful.
The princess has taken a liking to you.
Don't make such a joke.
Yao Guang looks at Master the same way.
Here, General.
Let me fill your cup.
Another toast, General.
- Drink another cup. - You sure can drink.
Come, another cup.
- Come, come. - Let me fill your cup.
Good, good.
General, you sure can drink.
Let me drink with you.
- Another toast. - Brother.
Doesn't it taste good?
- Come, fill it up again. - Drink.
General, drink.
Come, drink.
Drink.
Let me fill it up for you.
- Ghost Lord. - Ghost Lord.
Sit.
You other tribes sit when you poop
yet you kneel and sit down on your heels.
Sit down properly.
Immortal.
Please.
Please drink.
Immortal.
Yan Zhi, where is your second brother?
I'm afraid he isn't back yet.
There are numerous beauties in the palace.
Yet, he still pursues pleasures all day in the mortal realm.
How is that fitting for a prince?
Second Brother is...
Today is the anniversary of his birth mother's death.
I'm afraid that is why he isn't back yet.
You. Why haven't I seen you speak?
Do you not like the hospitality of my Grand Ziming Palace?
Not at all, my Lord. I am not good with words.
I'm afraid I'll spoil your mood if I speak too much.
How is that possible?
My Lord, I drink to you.
You have much talent. I really like you.
You flatter me, my Lord.
Why don't you become my godson and live here in Grand Ziming Palace?
From the moment I saw you, I thought...
perhaps it is fate
that has brought you to me.
Although I have two sons and a daughter
I must still ask if you are willing to take this chance to be father and son.
That...
What is the matter?
Is Grand Ziming Palace not good enough for you?
No, no.
My Lord, it is just that I must first discuss this with my parents.
There's no need.
But such an important matter as taking a godfather
must receive the approval of my family.
Accepting a familial relation only requires mutual consent.
There's no need for permission from family members.
That's...
My Lord.
As Your Lord says, taking a familial relation needs mutual consent.
At the very least, both parties must be willing.
As lord of the Ghost Realm
can I not take on a godson if I want to?
My Lord, that is not how it works. Please calm down.
If you really have set your intentions
you must still ask our god.
- Zhe Yan? - Exactly.
Did you think that by calling yourselves Zhe Yan's men
you could avoid this difficult situation?
Last year, on the Heavenly Lord's birthday
when I transformed myself into an emissary
to offer a birthday present...
I clearly saw you standing next to Mo Yuan.
You called him Master.
The two of you are not Zhe Yan's men
but disciples of Kunlun Mountain.
Seize them.
Don't.
Let go of me!
Take them into custody separately.
Young immortal, think carefully.
Do you want to be hacked into pieces or be my good adopted son?
- Go. - Come.
Your Highness.
Father wants to take in Kunlun Mountain's men?
The intention of the drunkard lies not in the wine.
- He wants to rebel. - Rebel?
What are you fretting for?
Rebelling is their business.
What does it have to do with me?
It has even less to do with you, beautiful.
Yao Guang likes Master so she captured me.
The Ghost Lord wants to take a godson.
So I was captured again.
After living for thousands of years
I, Bai Qian of Qing Qiu, daughter of the Fox King
am just an accessory.
I can't even use my powers.
You are awake.
Are you going to dine first or have a nice talk with us first?
No, no, no.
Normally, at this time in the Celestial Realm, I practice my lessons.
Let's save the chat for another day.
You need to pick a time to drink and unwind? How boring.
Yes.
- Princess. - Go on.
Report, Ghost Lord.
Celestial Realm's Second Prince has brought this year's gift.
He is waiting at the side palace hall.
Gift?
It's said to be Heavenly Lord's birthday.
It's a gift to the lords of the four seas and Ghost Realm under his rule.
That old man.
Every year on his birthday, he gifts the entire world.
Does he really think
I am like the Water Kings of the four seas who bow before him?
It's been 300,000 years.
His Celestial Tribe has ruled over this world for much too long.
It is time for a change.
Drive them out.
Yes.
Enough.
You may all go.
Report, Father.
Qing Cang of the Ghost Tribe does not know what is good for him.
Not only did he not accept the gift...
but he refused to see me.
The Ghost Lord's behavior is becoming more and more unacceptable.
He even dares to send back my gift.
It isn't worth much.
Dijun, you must not know.
The current Ghost Lord, Qing Cang, acts without regard for any authority.
I am afraid he will raise arms and rebel one day
bringing disaster to the four seas.
With Mo Yuan around, what are you afraid of, Heavenly Lord?
The Bell of the East Emperor that can destroy heaven and earth
is in his hands.
The Bell of the East Emperor was created by Mo Yuan.
Mo Yuan will have a way to suppress it.
Mo Yuan isn't afraid. What are you afraid of?
Ninth Disciple and Seventeenth Disciple have been missing for several days now.
Should I report this to Master?
Heavenly Father originally gave the Bell of the East Emperor to the Ghost Tribe
to enable an alliance between the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe
in exchange for thousands of years of peace.
Yet, I never imagined the destructive Bell of the East Emperor
would now become a danger to the Celestial Tribe.
That...
Where are the leaders of the other clans of the Celestial Tribe?
Not here again?
The Celestial Tribe is now afflicted with troubles internally and externally.
Do you have any good ideas, Dijun?
Good ideas?
Haven't you been thinking about a marriage alliance with Qing Qiu?
That's right.
Qing Qiu's Fox King
has a strong relationship with Zhe Yan of Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
With a marriage alliance
the interests of the Celestial Tribe, the Phoenix Clan, and the Fox Clan
will be indistinguishable.
Should there be a war in the future...
our odds of winning will be much higher.
Not bad.
Not bad.
It's time to seize the opportunity.
I'm thinking those leaders won't keep their distance.
At the bottom of it, they are on our side.
They won't let the Ghost Tribe rule the world.
Who knows.
Excuse me, which deity was that just now?
Dong Hua Dijun.
Dong Hua Dijun?
You're new here?
Why did the Heavenly Lord agree to whatever he said?
Many thousands of years ago
Dong Hua Dijun was God of Heaven and Earth, ruler of the world.
Later on, the world was at peace and Dijun ceded his position
and that is how the current Heavenly Lord came to be in power.
In the mortal realm, he would be called Taishang Huang. (Emperor Emeritus)
Dijun is the Celestial Tribe's Taishang Huang.
Thank you and farewell.
I follow Dong Hua Dijun
as Star Lord Si Ming. I control the fates of mortals.
Star Lord Si Ming.
Senior!
Senior, we still haven't found them.
Ninth and Seventeenth have been missing for eight days now.
Where have they gone?
Seventeenth has caused trouble again and has dragged Ninth with him this time.
Aren't you afraid something bad has happened?
Seventeenth has such a way with words.
How could something happen? No, no.
He... He must have kidnapped Ninth and gone out to drink.
They do go to the mortal realm often
to put up a stall and offer divination to pass the time.
Perhaps they'll be back tomorrow.
Aside from Yao Guang, Kunlun Mountain hasn't offended anyone else.
Even if anything did happen, Seventeenth won't be at a disadvantage.
I am not worried about that.
- Instead... - What is it?
Master said a heavenly trial for Seventeenth's godly ascension
would occur around this time.
What? Heavenly trial?
He's only been developing skills for 20,000 years.
He won't be able to deduce when and where the heavenly trial will descend upon him.
Supposing that it happens in the next few days...
it will be an immense challenge.
Heavenly trial?
Heavenly trial for ascension?
If Seventeenth is subjected to the heavenly trial now
then even with help from Ninth, it would still be dangerous.
We can't wait any longer.
Twelfth, stay at Kunlun Mountain and notify Master when he comes back.
The others and I will continue to search.
Perhaps we will find them.
Yes.
Senior.
Bring me along.
Now you are worried?
Senior, don't make me look bad. Let's hurry.
A heavenly trial is a serious matter.
Young immortal, the palace is not heavily guarded tonight. Leave quickly.
My older brother is watching your fellow disciple.
I am not sure where he is being held. Escape first.
Follow the black bird out of the garden and head north to get out of the palace.
Luring me into a trap?
No, I'm already a prisoner. I wouldn't need to be tricked.
Slowly, slow down!
Good thing I have you or else I'd be lost.
Where did it go?
The weather sure is nice today.
Come here.
Come here.
The color of your outfit is strange but it looks quite nice.
Where did you buy it?
Qing... Qing Qiu.
I was just worrying about not having a gift for my father's birthday.
Little fellow, consider it a favor to me and give me your clothes.
What... What are you doing?
You're not a woman. What are you afraid of?
- Take them off now. I'll get someone- - No!
Don't come any closer.
You...
Oh no!
Without my immortal powers, won't I drown?
I'll pass air to you.
Pass air to me?
Did you think passing air could only be done by mouth?
I don't want to touch you.
I'm freezing.
You are so afraid of the cold. You are like a mortal.
Aren't I reduced to a mortal here? I can't use my powers.
You are a Celestial?
You must be as well. Were you captured to be a godson?
What did you say? Godson?
Yes. Doesn't the Ghost Lord like to take in godsons?
You must be one too.
I am Grand Ziming Palace's second prince.
Li Jing.
Who are you?
Forget it. I can't escape after running into you.
I am Si Yin, Seventeenth Disciple of Mo Yuan of Kunlun Mountain.
I was captured by your father.
You are the godson my father captured?
Your father took a liking to Ninth Disciple, not me.
So you are...
I was captured by convenience.
Forget it.
I can't escape anyway.
Make your move, Second Prince.
Make my move? What move?
You want me to be like my father and capture you to be my godson?
I'd rather die.
I'm just joking. I don't have a fondness for that.
If you want to run, then run.
I don't like meddling in these matters.
So you are here. Come back with us.
You all are increasingly ill-behaved.
Do you still hold any regard for me, a prince?
Second Prince, we dare not be rude.
Aren't you going to leave?
Second Prince, do you know who she is?
Do you really think I only drink and indulge my fancies all day long
and don't know what happens in Grand Ziming Palace?
I dare not think that.
A bunch of brainless good-for-nothings.
- Leave now! - Yes.
You're all still there?
Let's go.
You are the Celestial pretty boy my sister took a liking to?
Why do you say that?
I heard the palace people say Yan Zhi took a liking to a Celestial pretty boy.
She helped you escape. That means she really does like you.
There must be a misunderstanding.
It's all right.
Since my sister likes you so much, I can't let you be captured.
I'll humble myself and escort you back.
Back to where?
Back to where you came from of course!
What did you say?
Second Prince is currently drinking with Si Yin...
and will be talking though the night?
I heard it myself.
They were both drenched from head to toe, and said they had fallen into the water.
Convey my orders not to interfere with Second Prince.
Allow him to mingle with the one from Kunlun Mountain.
When we wage war against the Celestial Tribe
I'll get a chance to lodge an accusation against him.
Second Brother?
You're back?
How come you're drinking here?
This Celestial immortal has such a pretty face.
No wonder he caught your eye.
You've misunderstood, Second Brother.
I have much experience in matters of romance.
How could I not know? Have you fallen for him?
But he is from the Celestial Tribe.
If you like him, who cares which tribe he is from?
Those from the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe cannot marry each other.
Furthermore, we are about to wage war against the Celestial Tribe.
You are smart. It is good you are aware.
He says he wants to make their disciple his godson?
It is complete pretense.
Father has lost his patience and wants to use this opportunity to rebel.
However, I have no interest in rebelling.
Are you speaking the truth?
- Then... - What is it?
Speak freely. When did you learn to hold back with me?
Since you do not support revolting, why don't you...
help me help him escape?
You've really fallen for him? Come.
Since you really do like him, why bother rescuing him?
It'll be more satisfying to lock him up and force him to submit to you.
No, no. If Father finds out, he will surely kill him.
Don't worry. Since he is a hostage, he is naturally safe.
I forced this fellow to drink a lot.
He'll be asleep for at least 10 days.
You and I will have to plan how we'll get him out of here.
You'll really help me?
He and I get along pretty well.
I don't want him to die in Grand Ziming Palace.
- Mother! - The baby is here!
We have so many children and we only had one girl, Bai Qian.
This is wonderful. Now we have another girl in our Fox Den.
Congratulations, Second Brother, on having a princess.
She finally came out of her mother's womb after 10 days of labor.
I'm guessing she'll grow up to be another troublesome child.
Mother, do you think she'll be like Bai Qian?
Isn't it good to be like Bai Qian?
Fox King, look. There is a red birthmark on the child's forehead.
See what it looks like. Come, look.
It looks like a plumed cockscomb flower.
Yes, a plumed cockscomb.
A plumed cockscomb.
Why don't I choose a name for her?
Bai Feng Jiu. How is that?
Bai Feng Jiu?
All right. We'll take that name then. Bai Feng Jiu.
From now on, you'll be Feng Jiu.
Jiu Jiu.
You have an auntie who is learning on Kunlun Mountain.
She will be very happy to see you when she returns.
Here, here.
Take her outside and show her to the people of Qing Qiu.
This is my newly born princess of Qing Qiu.
Yes, Mother.
- Hurry on. - Yes, Father.
- They're coming out. - Yes, they're coming out.
This is the princess, Bai Feng Jiu, first granddaughter of the king.
It's a princess.
Congratulations to Fox King for having his first grandchild.
Congratulations to Second Prince for having a princess.
The wine in Ghost Realm is good
but it's so strong.
Second Prince has ordered that you all leave.
- Yes. - Yes.
Immortal.
You two are...
Second Prince told me to wait here for you to wake up
and invite you to the hot spring.
The hot spring?
