I figured you would have questions for me.
So, I didn't allow myself go to sleep.
You surely have incredible foresight.
Ask away.
Since you know about Mo Yuan now
I don't want to keep the rest from you anymore.
It is still the same two questions.
Two questions?
I'm old and my memory fails me. Ask me again.
After Qian Qian's battle with Qing Cang 300 years ago
she was left unconscious for many years.
Is that true?
Of course it is false.
After her battle with Qing Cang, she was missing for many years.
What is the matter?
I did lie to you back then. Are you going to keep asking then?
What is the second question?
Has she forgotten anything?
She has forgotten.
As for what she forgot, I am not certain.
I only remember after she was missing many years
she suddenly appeared one day in the peach tree woods, covered in wounds.
She was very depressed.
It was the same day I saved you after you jumped from Zhuxian Terrace.
So you fed her an amnesia potion?
No, I didn't feed it to her. She asked me for it at the time.
I saw the state she was in and felt it would be better for her to forget
so I gave it to her.
She didn't tell you...
what she forgot?
She really never told me.
However, I later guessed
the Su Su that I met in the Celestial Palace is her, right?
That's right.
She is Su Su.
How did you recognize her?
When we met again at the Eastern Sea
a lot of her mannerisms felt quite familiar to me.
When I later saw the scar on her wrist, I was certain... it is really her.
That scar was from crimson hellfire. It cannot be removed.
So that is what gave her away.
High God, do you really not know
or are you not telling me for my own good...
that she wants to forget me... because of Mo Yuan?
Mo Yuan?
Compared to High God Mo Yuan
the tragic love between us over those years
was perhaps just a trial for her ascension to high goddess
that held no significance worth remembering
and was instead an impediment.
Ghost Lord has issued a decree. You are to be executed tomorrow.
Ghost Queen, you treated us well.
There is not much I can do for you.
But, I've prepared some good food for you.
Thank you.
Can you bring my son to me? I want to see him.
- Are you talking about the sick child? - No, he isn't a sick child.
He will get better. He will get better!
The sick child was left in the adjacent cell.
Nobody is looking after him.
He's supposed to be burned along with your corpse tomorrow.
If you really want to see him, I'll bring him to you.
Thank you, thank you!
Ying'er, Ying'er!
Ying'er! Ying'er!
Ying'er, why are you so cold?
They treated you so poorly?
No matter what, you are still the lord's prince!
You are his only child!
I am still the only one who loves you dearly.
Eat up.
I am over here.
I am over here.
What do you want me to do now?
I want you to kill me.
Kill you?
That's right.
Kill me.
My father once cast a curse on the three of us siblings.
Every time one of the three of us dies, his powers will greatly increase.
So you just have to kill me
and my father will have the chance to break out of the Bell
and once again rule the world!
Qing Cang will break out of the Bell?
Don't you want to kill Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
She has already ascended to high goddess.
Even if you have the chance to escape from here
you wouldn't be able to kill her even if you train for dozens of millennia.
The only one in this world who can kill her is my father!
Li Jing imprisoned me here for 300 years. I can't even die!
The heavens finally couldn't stand it! I have made it to this day!
Follow the path I told you about yesterday to escape from here
and you'll be able to find the woods at
the common border between the Ghost Realm and Qing Qiu.
After you pass through the woods, Qing Qiu will be towards the west
while the mortal realm will be towards the east.
Do not go the wrong way.
Head east to the mortal realm to find Yan Zhi.
In the same way that you deceived your way into Kunlun Mountain
to steal the tactical formation strategy
deceive Yan Zhi to gain her pity.
She is most kind. She will surely help you.
And what you need to do is
do what you will do to me, and kill her!
I am carrying a piece of jade.
It will point you in the direction to find Yan Zhi.
You must take it.
When you are near Yan Zhi, this jade will burn hot.
Even if you cannot see, you will be able to recognize her.
You people of the Ghost Realm are indeed all vicious!
You cannot blame me for that.
Li Jing dared to do this to me.
Even if I die, I must have him buried with me!
As long as my father returns and learns of the things Li Jing has done
and having allied with the Celestial Tribe
he will definitely avenge me!
What other choice do you have now other than to kill me?
Come. Do it.
Kill me. Kill me!
Li Yuan?
So it is you.
I have raised a good son.
You were the only one willing to sacrifice your life
to allow my powers to greatly increase.
When I break out of this Bell
I will slaughter all in the four seas
and have the whole world buried along with you!
Didn't Dijun say the seal on the Bell is lifted only once every 70,000 years?
What is... What is going on tonight?
Mother, I don't want to go the mortal realm.
My eyes hurt so much. I miss you so much.
I am coming to see you.
Mother, look, I've even brought your grandchild.
Mother, do you still remember me, your daughter?
It's been 70,000 years.
Every time I sent someone to pick you up
you would always refuse to come to the Ghost Realm.
Mother.
Xuan Nu's Mother, it's so late. Why are you still out here walking?
No, I can't see Mother like this.
Mother is old now. She'll scare easily.
I'll clean up first and see her tomorrow.
It's the middle of the night. Aren't you afraid of tripping?
Like last time, you might lie here all night without anyone knowing.
Don't call me Xuan Nu's Mother. Don't call me that.
I don't have a daughter.
But, no matter what, no matter how wrong she was
she is still your daughter.
Don't speak up for her. She is a traitor.
High God Mo Yuan was such a nice person.
So was High Immortal Die Feng, and High Immortal Si Yin.
They all took her in.
But what did she do? What did she do?
She betrayed us!
My biggest regret is giving birth to her.
She isn't my daughter. I never gave birth to her.
All right, all right. Let's not talk about it.
Mother, I am still your daughter.
Bai Qian, it is all your fault.
You caused me to have no home to return to.
Even my mother doesn't want me.
I am going to kill you. I am going to kill you!
Ghost Lord.
Aunt doesn't want to see you. You had best leave.
I must see her.
I suffered so much punishment for you.
You were even going to let them behead me tomorrow.
And you... You are here waiting for Bai Qian to take pity on you and see you.
The mortal realm will be towards the east.
Do not go the wrong way.
Head east to the mortal realm to find Yan Zhi.
In the same way you deceived your way into stealing the tactical formations
deceive Yan Zhi to gain her pity.
She is most kind. She will surely help you.
And what you need to do is do what you will do to me, and kill her!
As long as my father returns and learns of the things Li Jing has done
and having allied with the Celestial Tribe
he will definitely avenge me!
Dijun has gone to the mortal realm.
Dijun has gone to the mortal realm?
Dijun is taking two months time to go to the mortal realm
to experience the hardships of mortal life.
It has been 48 days now. You should come back next month.
Star Lord, weren't you going to the mortal realm?
Yes, I'm going to check on Dijun.
Could I have been seeing things in my old age and just been overly paranoid?
There are only about 20 days left. I'll wait for Dijun to return.
You may all go.
- Your Majesty, that- - Leave the umbrella here for me.
You all can leave.
- Yes. - Yes.
Your Majesty is letting them all go?
It's raining so heavily now.
Even with an umbrella, our socks and shoes will get wet when we head back.
Are you blaming me?
I don't dare.
I'll carry you back.
I'll carry you back.
That's...
That won't do. Empress will scold me.
Didn't you tell me about your mother and father?
You said your father is normally serious and old-fashioned
but he loves your mother especially dearly.
When it is raining, he won't even allow her socks and shoes to get wet.
My father does love my mother dearly.
Come. I'll carry you on my back.
Your Majesty, let's wait for the rain to stop before heading back.
Are you going to make me issue an imperial edict?
I don't dare.
Get on.
Look at you. You're drenched all over.
I think the story you told me about your parents
must have been a lie.
How could it be?
Look, I carried you back here in the same way
but not only are your clothes wet
but your shoes and socks are also mostly soaked.
I think this isn't a good method.
It is probably because the wind and rain were too strong
so one umbrella couldn't withstand the weather.
Besides, my parents have powers.
My father did it solely for delighting my mother.
You still caught a cold.
It's no matter.
Jiu'er.
I have already doted on you for so long.
Why hasn't there been any activity?
Activity?
I want to have a child with you.
That sort of thing isn't only up to me.
You mean...
I don't dote on you enough?
Staying every night still isn't enough?
Look at you. You're always so frivolous.
Am I? I am like this only to you.
Even if Your Majesty's harem may not number a thousand
there are at least hundreds.
Is Your Majesty not afraid of being laughed at for being this way?
It's different.
You are not the same as them.
Empress, it's been half a year.
During this time, His Majesty has only favored Pure Consort Chen
and has never called upon us.
Putting that aside
His Majesty even personally carried her
through the rain back to Handan Quarters yesterday.
Your Highness, His Majesty also issued a decree today
to build a residence outside the palace for Pure Consort Chen.
She once saved His Majesty's life.
There is nothing that can be said if His Majesty treats her differently.
But...
His Majesty once built a Daoist temple for the Crown Prince's mother.
Leave them be.
Is it bitter?
I ordered them to prescribe medication that is especially bitter.
Is it because bitter medicine is more effective?
That's not why.
If you don't find it bitter, then you won't learn.
The next time you fall sick again
I'll have to tire myself out again feeding you medicine.
Then I should drink this myself.
I am an emperor.
Since I have started feeding you, I should continue on to the end.
Here, drink slowly.
Your Majesty, will you always treat me this well?
Of course I will.
It seems Dijun is a very affectionate person.
You aren't here to tell me to...
I think Your Highness has Dijun's heart in your hands now.
Now, we shall start to break his heart.
No, he hasn't truly fallen for me yet.
You're the only one he's favored for months now.
What more would Your Highness want?
It can't be.
I just found a bit of the same feeling I had for Dijun
back in the Celestial Palace.
It's already been months?
Have you had a blissful time with Dijun over these months?
Dijun dotes on me very much.
He is nothing like how he was in the Nine Heavens.
That's good.
Although you're here to repay your debt
I do feel happy for you while watching from Heaven.
So much time has passed. Your wish has been fulfilled as well.
Keep on going.
Finish this life according to Dijun's terms.
I know. I just... don't have the heart to hurt him.
Even if I have to devote my life to it, I will demolish your entire tribe!
Let me go!
Si Yin, casualties are inevitable in war!
Moreover, my father has been sealed away!
Please do not implicate any others!
Isn't she the Ghost Realm's princess?
Why is she here?
Greetings, fellow. I have a question for you.
That lady just now, does she work here?
She is the owner of this restaurant.
She cannot speak, but she can cook well.
She's a mute.
- A mute? - Yes.
She looks quite pretty, but she cannot speak.
Why do you ask? Have you taken a liking to her?
I haven't heard any news of Si Yin all this time in the mortal realm.
Perhaps I might find some leads by following this Ghost Realm princess.
After all, it was her brother who said he once saw Si Yin.
But how can I remain by her side?
Every time we're here, we encounter a bully dallying with an innocent lady.
If she is not married yet, there will surely be a hero who will help.
If she is married, a husband will appear out of nowhere, wielding a sword.
- Whether it is a hero... - Or a husband...
- he's certain to be wearing white. - he's certain to be wearing white.
Seventeenth's plans are the best.
However...
Miss, don't run.
Miss.
The heavens are on my side, sending me just what I need.
Look at how pretty you are.
Why don't you come home with me?
It pains me to see you suffering in such a place.
It pains me.
What are you staring at?
I give you my patronage every day. Do you really not know my intentions?
If you keep spouting nonsense, I'll use my powers to turn you into a chicken!
Miss, come home with me.
You dare dally with a woman?
Hurry and scram!
Spare my life, young hero! Spare me! I'll leave!
How did you a young hero appear?
Miss, you must have been shocked.
I'll help you clean up.
Although he's a bit foolish, he's quite adorable.
Aunt.
The Crown Prince said you will be going to the Nine Heavens today?
Yes, I'm going to the Nine Heavens.
I've traveled throughout the world, but I've never been to the Nine Heavens.
I'll get to visit this time because of Ye Hua.
That's something good to come out of this.
His Highness has been waiting for you outside the cave.
I'll be back soon. Keep an eye on the Fox Den.
You'll be back soon?
In light of His Highness's character
I'm afraid you'll have so much fun
and you'll forget about Qing Qiu and the Fox Den.
You're quite brave now. You dare to tease me?
I don't dare, I don't dare.
Go to my room right now and bring me my fan.
The new one that Zhe Yan gave me yesterday.
I'm going to take the fan to heaven to soak up some of their divine energy.
All right.
Zhe Yan was right.
What ought to be concluded should be concluded as soon as possible.
If you are the only one to think it is over
it does not mean it is truly over.
It seems you have a lot of experience.
I'll wait for you up ahead.
A-Yin, I thought... I thought you would never see me again.
Are your injuries fine now?
I'm sorry for worrying you, Ghost Lord.
I have always been quite robust.
These minor injuries are of no consequence.
That is good.
What is the meaning of this, Ghost Lord?
I made a grave mistake in a moment of weakness.
Take this soul jade now and place it in Mo Yuan's mouth.
Then you will no longer need to use your heart's blood.
Thank you for your good intentions, Ghost Lord.
It's just that Master's body no longer needs to be preserved with my blood.
Ghost Lord, you had best take back this treasure and take good care of it.
A-Yin.
Is it really not possible for us to return to the way we were?
You are only devoting all of your attention to me
because you see that I didn't kill myself by running headfirst into a wall
after I was abandoned
but am instead living well as I am now.
So, you must think I never cared for you
and that is why you keep hounding me.
A-Yin, do you think I only feel bitterness towards you?
I'm afraid talking peacefully as we are now
will not happen again after today.
So, it would be best to clarify things today.
70,000 years ago, I did experience my first taste of love because of you.
Because it was my first time, I was not like the experienced ones
and naturally acted rather indifferent and passive.
Nevertheless, I was indeed brimming with affection for you.
As you know, there was some animosity between our two tribes.
So during that period of time, I tried every day to think of
how I could persuade my parents to allow me to marry you.
At the time, I had thought of a good reason
so I happily wrote it down, in fear that I would forget it.
Now that I think back on it, it was truly absurd.
And you...
When my feelings for you were at their strongest, you knocked me down.
You only saw that I let go easily
but did not see how much sadness and misery I felt behind it all.
When my master passed away
despite my abject heart
I went to Grand Ziming Palace to borrow the soul jade from you.
You will never understand how much courage I had to summon up.
Nor will you ever understand how sorely disappointed you left me.
