I like your eyes the most.
Your Majesty, don't make fun of me.
Tell me.
Where are you?
Aren't I in your arms?
Were you off searching for Li Yuan again?
Have you found anything?
No clues at all.
You may all go.
I want to speak with the princess.
- Yes. - Yes.
It's been 70,000 years.
You should let it go.
Father has already left me.
And Li Yuan's whereabouts are unknown.
If I let it go, I might be left with nothing.
You still have me.
Yes, I still have you.
Ever since I was young, you were the one who treated me best.
You were even nicer to me than Father.
Li Jing.
Lately, I've been thinking about our childhood.
You, me, and Li Yuan, and the lively days we had.
If not for the great war against the Celestial Tribe
you and Li Yuan could have-
Don't mention him to me.
Do you not miss him?
After all... we are siblings.
Siblings?
He and you were born from the same mother.
I was not.
- Li Jing! - That's enough.
You are you. He is Li Yuan.
The relationship you have with him has nothing to do with me.
In this lifetime... I only have you, my only sister.
Yan Zhi.
Don't mention him to me again.
Is it not possible for you two to reconcile?
Reconcile?
All right, Li Jing, do not be angry.
I just never thought that in this big Grand Ziming Palace
only you and I would be left..
Oh, yes, Li Jing.
Look, I found this in the mortal realm.
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
A-Yin's artifact?
Where did you find it?
Did you see him?
Let me explain first.
Where exactly did you find him?
I did not find him.
I only met a mortal woman in Zhong Rong State
at the foot of Mount Junji of the Far East.
She told me she found this fan on Mount Junji.
Mount Junji?
Li Jing, have you ever been to Mount Junji of the Far East?
My fellow disciples and I sometimes go to the mortal realm for fun.
We always go there.
Mount Junji?
Mount Junji. How come I didn't think of that?
Li Jing, what did you say?
I'm going to see A-Yin.
Li Jing!
Ghost Lord! Ghost Lord!
Your Majesty, save me.
You didn't kneel to greet me. You've violated the palace rules.
The Ghost Lord can't save you.
- I had not seen Her Highness. - Shut up.
Enough.
Didn't I tell you not to come to the hot spring?
- Why can't I come here? - You are the queen.
You have to remember your status.
You know I am your main wife.
In these 70,000 years, how many times have you visited my quarters?
As your main wife, I still have not born a heir.
What does the Ghost Tribe think of me?
The matter of a heir can be left up to fate.
Your Majesty!
I have an important task to handle.
Behave yourself in the palace.
Are you going to the mortal realm again?
Do I answer to you?
It's been 70,000 years.
Do you not remember back at Kunlun Mountain-
Enough.
Don't mention Kunlun Mountain to me.
Why can't I?
It's been 70,000 years. He's been missing for 70,000 years.
What does Si Yin have that I don't?
Remember your status.
It's said the hero, suited in a helmet and armor of gold
was impervious as he brandished his spear.
Good...
At this very moment, three arrows were heard swishing toward him.
With a single somersault, the hero landed on the roof.
Good...
And just as quickly, the hero leaped into the clouds.
And disappeared into the dark of the night.
Good...
Mo Yuan?
I am the Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince, Ye Hua.
Ghost Lord Li Jing greets Your Highness.
You are Ghost Lord Li Jing?
Please forgive my rudeness.
Your Highness looks very similar to Mo Yuan.
It's no bother.
Do you know this is restricted land of the Celestial Tribe?
The Scarlet Flame Golden Lion endangered Zhong Rong State for ten years.
After I killed it
this place was made into the Celestial Tribe's restricted area.
I am sorry, Your Highness.
I did not know I trespassed on to restricted land.
There is nobody on Mount Junji. You need not search anymore.
Does Your Highness know why I am here?
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun you're holding
is a Kunlun Mountain artifact.
Is Si Yin the one you are searching for?
Does Your Highness know of Si Yin's whereabouts?
I only know that after the war 70,000 years ago
Si Yin left with Mo Yuan to live in seclusion.
This remains a complicated matter.
I still have yet to believe it.
Farewell.
Wait.
What orders do you have, Your Highness?
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun is a Kunlun Mountain artifact.
It should be returned to the Celestial Tribe.
Farewell.
- What do I do? - All right, allow me.
There wasn't much rice to begin with and now it's gone to waste again.
It's all right. When my injuries are better, I'll find a way to get food.
If you don't get better soon, I'll have to starve with you.
Why am I sleeping on the bed?
You always sleep until the middle of the night and climb in.
I am hampered by severe injuries and naturally could not stop you.
Then...
I also chose to hold you?
Yes.
- Then... - Don't move.
Did I bump into your injury?
Are you asleep?
Your Highness.
What are you doing?
Trimming peach blossom branches for a vase arrangement.
How nice.
I heard Zhe Yan of Qing Qiu planted ten miles of peach trees.
It seems Your Highness hasn't admired them enough
and came to Taichen Palace to trim these peach blossoms.
Don't make fun of me.
Ever since I entered Taichen Palace, I haven't even seen the shadow of Dijun.
I'm ordered around all day.
I've forgotten what I came here for in the first place.
Dijun is in Taichen Palace. He just rarely comes out.
Why is that?
Is he shunned by others in the Celestial Palace?
Your Highness is very funny.
Do you know how others in the Celestial Palace assess Dijun?
How?
Pays no attention to mundane affairs or world of mortals.
Other than being concerned about the peace of the world
he never holds regard for anyone.
He is only a deity best suited for hanging on the wall.
- Is he really like that? - Yes.
That is why it is not a major concern if you repay his kindness.
Dijun wouldn't mind such a trivial matter either.
Repaying a kindness is necessary, especially for saving a life.
As you wish.
How about this?
If you want to repay Dijun, then you must see him.
Pick a few peach blossoms and I will take them to Dijun and compliment them
so you'll have a chance to thank him.
How is that?
But if Dijun sees that I am in Taichen Palace
will he blame me?
In order to repay him, Your Highness has already humbled yourself to be a maid.
Dijun would only be touched instead of blaming you.
That's true.
I've never served another in such a way before.
And this is for repaying him. Dijun would surely understand.
Quickly bestow the peach blossoms then.
Star Lord, you're so good to me.
Which branch should I pick?
These peach blossoms are quite nice.
They're quite nice.
These were picked by a new palace maid in Dijun's palace who has a good eye.
Palace maid?
- A new arrival? - What is it?
Is Your Highness interested in seeing her?
Let's see her.
I'll go fetch her.
Greetings, Dijun.
Greetings, Third Prince.
Stand up and let me see.
What does Your Highness want to see?
His Highness is a well-known playboy in the Celestial Tribe.
Of course he wants to see your face.
Yes.
I want to see your face
and see if it is as mesmerizing as Si Ming says it is.
No, I didn't say that.
Right, Si Ming?
Yes, Your Highness is right.
Greetings, Dijun.
Did you all agree to come to my study to act out a play?
What do you mean by that, Dijun?
Do you understand?
No.
Does Your Highness understand?
I really don't.
You.
You were so disappointing.
You were in Dijun's presence.
But instead of showing your demeanor as princess of Qing Qiu
you were so docile and submissive.
How humiliating!
Didn't you ruin the opportunity, Lady Cheng Yu?
I had finally thought of a way to bring Her Highness in front of Dijun.
You know her?
Yes.
- You also know her? - Yes.
Then this palace maid's real identity is...
Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu.
So you are the young princess of Qing Qiu.
Why are you dressed like this in Dijun's palace?
Repaying a kindness.
Repaying him.
Don't say it. Let me guess.
Is it to repay him for saving your life?
How does Your Highness know?
From experience.
Experience?
A few days ago, someone took a liking to a woman.
I suggested several methods
ranging from the hero saving the beauty to using his charms.
In the end, he chose to pretend to be saved and thus repay the kindness.
Repaying a debt of gratitude, especially for saving a life
always requires some time.
Over the course of time, won't affection eventually grow?
So it's like that.
Your Highness is brilliant.
No! I really did come to repay him. Dijun really did save my life.
Your Highness must not be aware.
In the hundreds of millennia that Dijun has lived
the number of women who use the excuse of repaying him to get close to him
have reached the thousands.
But... I really am here to repay him.
Dijun really did save my life.
Dijun also has a reputation for not meddling in others' affairs.
So this debt of saving your life that Your Highness speaks of
is very difficult to believe.
Don't accuse me, Your Highness.
I really am here to repay him.
- They all know. - All right.
- I really- - Enough.
All right.
Then let me ask you one thing.
Do you feel that way about Dijun?
Si Ming.
How did you meet the young princess? She is so interesting.
It'll be difficult for Dijun to explain himself this time.
He clearly had good intentions, but instead, he attracted
the romance of one who doesn't even understand her own feelings.
The way Her Highness and I met is a long story.
But for Her Highness to be able to enter Taichen Palace
was due to help from Cheng Yu.
She has nothing to do with you. Why did you meddle?
Can't I stand up against injustice?
Is that how the phrase Standing up against injustice is used?
I just can't bear to see the young girl wholly infatuated.
I want to help her. Am I not allowed to?
You can. As long as you're happy.
Si Ming.
Men can't afford to offend the women of their past.
If they've ever been in love, even if the relationship is over
he'll still have to yield to her his whole life.
Otherwise, she'll hold you in contempt.
Yes, I understand the lesson.
This is the last of the rice.
Ye Hua.
Go ahead.
I have something to say.
You see, I have no problem living on this mountain by myself.
I can take care of some of the small animals.
But taking care of a man like you... is difficult.
I obtained this rice by trading two week's worth of fruit.
It's only been a few days and it is all gone.
There is no more food in the house.
Not having any provisions is an issue.
It is late autumn.
Getting through the winter will be a problem.
It's not the issue of passing the winter.
Then what is it?
Your injuries look fairly healed.
Isn't it...
time to leave?
You want me to leave?
It's just that although I saved you, I can't afford to take care of you.
You saved me.
Naturally, I should stay to repay you.
You don't need to repay me.
When I saved you, I wasn't thinking of how you were going to repay me.
Whether you thought it and whether I'm doing it are two different matters.
I am not an ungrateful person.
I must pay this debt of gratitude.
But I am not lacking.
You can take some time to think about it.
If you really want to repay me, why don't you devote yourself entirely to me?
It's because I don't lack anything living on this mountain.
I just don't have anyone to keep me company. It's so lonely.
So if you really want to repay me
why don't you devote yourself to me and be my companion?
Of course, if you don't agree, it would still be reasonable.
After all, I only took you in and didn't do much else.
It's not considered much of a favor.
All right.
All right?
I agree.
To devote myself to you.
I thought you were going to take two or three days to think.
You agreed so quickly.
Nothing... has been prepared.
Prepare what?
Since you've agreed to devote yourself to me
then shouldn't we kneel in front of the Lakes of the Far East
bow to heaven and earth, and make a pledge
to become husband and wife and never abandon each other?
Though I don't have parents
if we also leave out this step, would it be improper?
You want to marry me?
I want to marry you.
I have never bowed to heaven and earth with anyone else.
I haven't either.
Then let's keep everything simple.
Formalities are not important.
Keep everything simple?
Then what do we do next?
Buy things.
Buy things?
Aside from a crimson wedding quilt
we need to add some other items to this house.
It isn't a wedding quilt.
The one in Your Highness's heart is clearly the Crown Prince.
Despite that, why did you request to be made consort?
Moreover, the Heavenly Lord is of old age.
He no longer has the energy to give his affections to the harem.
Among all the consorts, Your Highness is the youngest one
yet, you are the least powerful.
Look.
The decree was made just yesterday
and you already have to move in such a hurry today.
Aside from the wedding outfit you are wearing
there is no festive air in the palace.
- You don't understand. - How do I not?
I have been serving Your Highness since I was young.
Heavenly Lord being unable to attend to his harem is exactly what I want.
Your Highness, don't tell me that you wanted to get married
to be left alone in your quarters.
Isn't that great?
Your Highness.
Your Highness.
What are you thinking? Can you tell me?
My rank may be low, but I have been loyal to you my whole life.
If you cannot tell me what is on your mind
who else could you tell?
You don't even have parents or siblings.
Take a look around. What do you need?
In broad daylight...
I am the Jade Emperor's son-in-law!
He's gone crazy.
Let's go.
Looks like he's lost his mind.
- He's crazy now. - What happened?
Do you know why that Daoist priest turned crazy?
- Why? - Let me tell you.
This Daoist priest has a wife.
They separated earlier in the year.
A few days ago, she came back, and with a child in tow.
He had just brought the child to visit his ancestors
and at that very moment, the child's real father appeared.
He found the Daoist priest, beat him up, and took the child.
He even stole all the money the Daoist priest had earned in his life.
This was when the Daoist priest truly lost his mind.
It's only been a few days. The gossip is more dramatic than the opera.
What is the matter? Do you know that Daoist priest?
He is a bad person.
He offended you before?
Twice he has put me in a difficult situation.
It seems he has received his retribution. There's no need to mention it again.
Is there anything else to buy?
Is there anything else you need?
You've already sold your only jade pendant
in exchange for so little.
Are you going to sell your sword as well?
I didn't have you marry me to buy things for me.
But, speaking of which, Ye Hua...
I only have that hut. You're going to marry me just like this?
You're really not lying to me about marrying me?
You're the one who wanted me to devote myself to you.
Are you regretting it?
Don't worry, I don't find you unpleasant.
But if you marry me just like this how will you answer to your family?
Or are they not around?
We'll worry about that later.
Take a look.
- I'll have some of this. - All right.
- And this. - All right.
- Take this, Miss. - Here.
A-Yin?
This outfit is so beautiful.
Isn't wearing it for only one day a waste?
If you like, nobody would stop you even if you wear it year-round.
Ye Hua.
If you spend more time with me
and find our personalities are not a match, then what will we do?
Are we being too hasty?
You haven't brought me to see your parents.
If your parents find out you took a wife on your own
will they be displeased?
And, I forgot to ask you.
Do you already have a marriage arrangement?
In town, I've seen men your age already married and with children.
Are you already engaged?
Su Su.
My family's situation is complicated. It is hard to explain.
But, you just have to remember
from this day forth, you are my wife.
Since I have married you, I will not betray you.
All right, I trust you.
That must be lifted by your husband.
I don't know what to say.
Just repeat what I say.
I'm a little nervous.
It's fine.
It's just bowing to heaven and earth.
All right, let's do it.
I, Ye Hua, ask all the gods of the world to bear witness
in front of the Lakes of the Far East.
From this day forth, I will be married to Su Su.
I will love her with all my heart for all eternity
and never part from her regardless of fortune or calamity.
I, Su Su, ask all the gods of the world to bear witness
in front of the Lakes of the Far East.
From this day forth, I will be married to Ye Hua.
I will love him with all my heart for all eternity
and never part from him regardless of fortune or calamity.
Now that we are married there are some things I must say.
Go ahead.
Since we have made an oath to the Lakes of the Far East
we are to be husband and wife for all eternity.
You must not do me wrong for all eternity.
I have always held a clear distinction between love and hate.
I can tolerate no wrong.
If you betray me...
What would you do?
If you betray me, those oaths will become null and void.
I will leave you, never to see you again.
If I betray you, you will leave me.
Then wouldn't you be giving me exactly what I want?
I am not joking.
Su Su.
Close your eyes.
I will never betray you.
