This baby came very strangely.
In just a few days, it's ready for birth.
Perhaps it's because this baby was exposed to the divine energy
of Kunlun Mountain, and has the blessings of the golden lotus.
That's right.
Mo Yuan isn't an ordinary immortal.
He is the son of the Heavenly Father, and one of his only descendants.
To have the blessings of the golden lotus that he was nurturing
this baby must be out of the ordinary.
Her Highness has been in labor for seven days.
I'm really scared.
Don't be scared, okay?
Heavenly Lord, Your Highness, it's a prince.
It's a prince!
Congratulations, Heavenly Lord. Congratulations, Your Highness.
Is this an auspicious sign?
Heavenly Lord.
Father, this was a sight from when Mo Yuan was born.
How amazing.
The Celestial Tribe finally has another heir to the throne.
I will give him a name today.
Ye Hua.
Congratulations, Heavenly Lord, on another heir to the throne.
Su Jin, he is 20,000 years younger than you.
You have to take good care of him, okay?
Yes, Consort Le Xu.
Good girl.
Where's that snake spirit?
How dare she trespass into Zhe Yan's Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods?
I came to see Bai Zhen.
See me?
Zhe Yan, why would someone come here to find me?
I think everyone in the realms knows
that they don't need to go to your manor in the north to find you.
They just need to come to my Peach Tree Woods.
Isn't that the jade bottle that Fifth Sister often uses to drink?
That's the jade bottle that Mo Yuan took from here.
Where did you get this? Kunlun Mountain?
You're stealing from us? I'll beat you to death.
Stop!
That... she's from Kunlun Mountain.
Kunlun Mountain!
Run!
Don't you know to retaliate when they hit you?
If I retaliate, they beat me even more.
So you'd just let them beat you to death?
They won't be able to beat me to death.
Hurry and go home.
I don't have a home.
I don't know who my mother and father are.
I'm here at Kunlun Mountain for the divine energy.
I trained for hundreds of years to get a human form.
If you don't have a family, how about I find you a new family?
A new family?
It'll be in a beautiful place.
Take this bottle as a message to this person, and he will take you in.
But she didn't tell me her name.
She just gave me this bottle
and told me to come to Ten-Mile Peach Tree Woods to find Bai Zhen
and ask him to take me in.
Ask me to take you in?
I am yours now.
I am willing to follow you for all my life.
No. I don't need that.
You won't take me in?
Don't be upset. It's not you.
I've never needed a servant.
Si Yin wants me to take you in?
Is it because you have nowhere to go?
I don't have a home.
I've always been bullied by others in my tribe.
Fortunately, High Immortal was passing by and saved me.
In that case, I'll take you with me to the Fox Den.
My mother is there.
She doesn't have any servants.
You can stay with her.
Thank you.
Since Fifth Sister chose her, she can stay here.
Mi Gu.
Here.
I'll leave this lady to you.
When Bai Qian come back, Fox King and I plan to move out.
We'll leave this Fox Den to her.
In the future, you can look after each other here and serve Fifth Sister.
Yes.
Follow me.
Your peach blossom is blooming well.
Huh?
Among my five children, Zhen Zhen is the best looking one.
If he was a girl, even Qian Qian would lose to him.
Mother.
All right, I'm going back to the Peach Tree Woods.
My son has been glued to you since he was one.
You're not annoyed by it?
Without him, I'd feel lonely.
Oh?
Where are all the fish?
Don't be impatient. Here.
Zhe Yan. Bai Zhen.
The Peach Tree Woods have been bustling the past few days.
For Die Feng to have come here, there must be an urgent matter.
I can't find Seventeenth.
No, it's not just Seventeenth.
I can't find Master's corpse either.
What?
- Qian Qian! - Qian Qian!
Qian Qian!
- Qian Qian! - Qian Qian!
Silly girl! She was seriously injured from the war.
How could she treat her life so carelessly like this?
What do we do? What do we do?
She's about to stop breathing. Come up with something! What do we do?
Don't worry. We can save her. Don't worry.
Qian Qian fed a lot of blood from her heart to Mo Yuan.
It's already very difficult for her to still be alive.
Now, only cross essence repair can save her.
I'll do it.
It will take more than half of your essence.
If I can save Qian Qian, so what if I use half my essence?
No! You're the Fox King of Qing Qiu.
You have to rule over the five lands.
How can you just lose half of your essence like that?
I'll do it.
Hold on.
Let me finish.
Each immortal has a different breath.
If we use too much essence in a cross repair
it could affect our magic breath.
In that case, you and Qian Qian could both fall into the demon path.
Then you wouldn't be able to save Fifth Sister
and would cause yourself harm.
I can't worry about that now.
Zhen Zhen, please have Zhe Yan leave.
- Mother! - Hurry!
Why are you always like this? Always so anxious.
Let me finish.
What?
I'm stopping you because we still need one more thing.
What thing?
Divine fungal grass.
With that, you can purify your magic breath, which would protect both of you.
Where is that grass?
Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea.
But Heavenly Father thought that this thing went against heavenly law
so he had four beasts guard it.
Those four beasts?
That's right, those four beasts.
Heavenly Father also gave them more than half of his essence.
Even if Mo Yuan was alive
I'm afraid we wouldn't be able to get anything from them either.
I'll go.
I'll go with you.
Mother, let me go.
All right. Don't fight over this.
You guys stay here.
Even if I can't fight them off
you will still be able to lead Qing Qiu.
Don't worry. Leave them with me.
But you only have twenty-some hours. Go quickly and return quickly.
Wait for me to come back.
Li Jing, even though the Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe are allies
Kunlun Mountain and Grand Ziming Palace have a score that can never be settled.
Ninth and Master died because of your father.
How dare you come to Kunlun Mountain?
I have inadvertently offended you all.
I came to see Si Yin.
Si Yin? You dare to come see her?
Who was the one who came up the mountain every day to see Seventeenth?
Who was the one who joined hands with Xuan Nu
to kill my master and fellow disciple?
You dare to come here to see Si Yin?
Please let Si Yin know that I'm here to see her.
Please leave.
Please let Si Yin know that I'm here to see her.
I've brought the item that she wanted with me.
Si Yin has left Kunlun Mountain and is roaming around on a cloud.
So no matter what you've brought with you, she doesn't want it.
A-Yin left?
Please leave.
Master.
I haven't taken good care of Seventeenth as Kunlun's senior.
Don't worry.
No matter where Seventeenth took you
I will find you both.
Today, I will go down the mountain.
No matter how far I have to go and how long I have to search
I will find Master's body and Seventeenth.
You all have your parents.
Since Master isn't here
don't waste your time here on Kunlun Mountain.
Leave the mountain.
- Senior! - Senior!
Remember my words.
Master sacrificed his soul to destroy
the Bell of the East Emperor for all the realms.
It wasn't because of a personal grudge.
Since the Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe have formed an alliance
and there is peace
you must not go to the Ghost Realm to seek revenge.
There is no more war in all the realms.
There aren't any refugees.
This is what Master wanted.
Si Yin is a troublemaker.
It's already enough that he wouldn't let us bury him
but now he's taken away Mo Yuan's corpse?
How can I explain this to the immortals of the Celestial Tribe?
Don't you have many officials who record history?
Just give them something to write about.
What do you mean?
Find a dignified reason
and just let the later generations know where the God of War has gone.
What reason would be convincing for everyone?
In the 63,082 autumn of Hao De's rule
after the war with Ghost Tribe
Heavenly Father's son Mo Yuan
and his seventeenth disciple Si Yin
have gone to live in seclusion.
They quietly disappeared and are untraceable.
How about that?
They've gone to live in seclusion together?
That's right.
They've gone to live in seclusion together.
Dijun, you favor Kunlun Mountain's disciples.
Judging from Heavenly Lord's complexion
it looked like he wanted to send a hundred thousand soldiers
to arrest Si Yin.
You were able to soothe his anger.
What's the point in arresting him?
Si Yin was Mo Yuan's favorite.
It's probably his wish... to be with this disciple after death.
Father! Father!
Hurry. Go.
Give this to Zhe Yan.
Okay.
Time is of the essence.
There's not enough time to turn your essence into a pill.
When you cross repair your essence with Fifth Sister
if you're interrupted by the sound of the devil
you must not let it stop you.
Continue with the cross repair.
Leave the rest to me.
Okay.
You're awake.
Mother.
I'm not dead?
I've cross repaired half of your essence.
I've got you your life back.
Half of my essence...
Since a high immortal repaired half of my essence
does that mean my powers are unlimited?
I don't have to be scared of any calamities.
Yes, you can go around causing trouble again.
Where's Master?
Mother, where's Master?
He's in Yanhua Cave.
That's the best place to preserve a corpse.
That's good.
Mother, I've missed you.
I've missed you too.
I can't believe you came back half dead.
Looks like even though Mo Yuan protected you from lightning
you still can't come down from your godly ascension.
God has changed his way of tormenting you.
You're right.
Godly ascension is too easy for me.
God can't stand the sight of it.
You used blood from your own heart
to preserve your master's body.
You've repaid the debt of his protecting you from three bolts of lightning.
But Fifth Sister, you must know
since Mo Yuan has used your blood to preserve his body
he has to keep using it.
He can't use another fox's.
I know, Mother.
But Master has showed me such grace.
What I'm doing for him is nothing compared to what he's done for me.
Mother, do you think Master will come back alive?
You're awake.
Is this my second brother's daughter?
Yes. I've brought her over here for you to see her.
Come closer. Let me see.
Come quickly.
Here.
She's so pretty.
She has a birthmark on her forehead.
This birthmark...
Plumed cockscomb.
It's because of this plumed cockscomb
and because she's born in September
that I've named her Feng Jiu, an ordinary name.
Combined with our last name Bai, her name is Bai Feng Jiu.
Bai Feng Jiu?
Little Feng Jiu, did you know that
I tried to sneak down the mountain with Ninth to come see you?
After many accidents, I ended up in Grand Ziming Palace.
Fifth Sister, I don't mean to lecture you
but in all the realms
only you would dare to bring Mo Yuan's body out here with you
causing trouble with Kunlun Mountain and Celestial Palace.
Your fellow disciples are going crazy looking everywhere for you and Mo Yuan.
At first, it was because of my heavy injuries
and because I didn't know when Master would vanish away
that I thought I'd come here to see if there was a way.
Do you remember that you're not actually Si Yin?
You're Qing Qiu fox clan's Bai Qian.
You have a mother, father, and four brothers.
If you wanted to feed your master blood from the heart
you could have just acted cute with me
and I'd feed him my blood for you.
Fourth Brother, I needed to repay Master's kindness.
It has nothing to do with you.
Silly girl.
Fifth Sister is right.
Mo Yuan protected her from the lightning.
She repaid him by using the magic blood from her heart.
That is reasonable.
But if you did it, and Mo Yuan comes back one day
he would have received your kindness gratuitously.
How would he repay you?
You're right, Mother.
You.
All right, forget it.
Take care of Fifth Sister.
I am going to the Celestial Palace with your father.
Because of the new heir that was born?
Yes.
I have to go now.
Oh yeah, don't be too naughty.
Fifth Sister is really weak right now. You can't play around her.
Don't worry, Mother.
Zhe Yan and I will just chat with her and play with Feng Jiu.
- Don't worry, Mother. - Don't worry.
You two are the most alike.
But you are the most disobedient.
Little Feng Jiu.
Master.
After getting half of Mother's essence
I'm able to preserve your body.
I will wait here for you to come back
and for you to grandly reappear in Kunlun Mountain
where everyone will worship you.
Ever since taking you away from Kunlun Mountain on my own accord
for the past 70,000 years
I haven't stepped foot outside of Qing Qiu.
I heard all my fellow disciples have returned to their own tribes.
The Kunlun Mountain where crowds of immortals go for worship
has become an uninhabited holy land.
The Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe are friends again.
Gradually, the names of the God of War Mo Yuan and Ghost Lord Qing Cang
have been buried under Kunlun Mountain's endless leaves and river sediments.
No one mentions them anymore.
Master, in seven days
it'll be the day when Qing Cang breaks the seal
and comes out from the bell.
Don't worry, Master.
Even if I have to sacrifice my life
I will seal him again.
I won't let you down.
- Aunt. - Aunt.
Aunt, you're so beautiful.
- Aunt. - Aunt.
- Aunt. - Aunt.
Here, what do you think of this one?
This one is good.
Yes.
- Aunt. - Aunt.
Hello, Aunt.
Aunt, are you going to the mountain pass?
It's all my fault.
I shouldn't have kept you and Shao Xing in the cave.
You look awful.
You're not even married yet.
Do you have that much to worry about?
Aunt, something big has happened.
What happened?
Forget it. Come here, Aunt.
Mi Gu, what happened? Tell me quickly.
Sang Ji came to the Fox Den.
Then I'll keep going to the mountain pass.
No, Aunt.
Even if you can hide away for a month, you couldn't possibly do it for a year.
Your marriage to the second prince was arranged by Heavenly Lord and Fox King.
You'll have to marry him eventually.
The second prince came to Fox Den to see you.
That's a given.
Life is unpredictable.
I could die and vanish in a few days.
I have to waste my time serving him?
Why should I suffer like that?
Aunt, if you don't want to marry, then don't.
Why are you cursing yourself?
I won't talk about this anymore.
Mi Gu, you and Shao Xing take care of that person at Fox Den.
I'll go hide for a bit in the Peach Tree Woods.
Aunt, he is the second prince of the Celestial Tribe after all.
You can't just keep hiding from him.
You're not going to do as I say?
I wouldn't dare.
Then hurry and go.
When he leaves, come find me in the Peach Tree Woods.
Okay.
What?
She's gone to mountain pass to train again?
Yes, Your Highness.
Doesn't she know that I came?
She knows.
But as the ruler of eastern Qing Qiu
she has to put her people first.
Training and ascending as soon as possible
is a part of her duty as a ruler.
You're right, but I've been waiting here for her for a month.
I've never even seen her face.
Isn't that ridiculous?
Your Highness, please have some fruit.
I just bought these.
Second Prince treats Shao Xing pretty well.
That's good. I don't have to deal with him.
Second Prince.
In the Nine Heavens, I am the most favored prince.
If Your Highness really wants to be with me
then please honorably break off your arranged marriage with Aunt.
She is my savior, and treats me really well.
I can't just leave with you.
Bai Qian does treat you well.
She even gave you Lord of Numinous Treasure's
Cloud Clearing Fan for protection.
Do you know what kind of person Lord of Numinous Treasure is?
I don't know.
He is the last disciple of Lord Yuan Shi.
No, that's not right.
He's not the last disciple.
I forgot.
My nephew Ye Hua is actually Lord Yuan Shi's last disciple.
The name Ye Hua...
I've heard Fourth Uncle and Zhe Yan talk about it.
But speaking of that fan
I've heard that Lord of Numinous Treasure gave it to someone.
But how did Bai Qian end up with it?
I heard Aunt say that
Lord of Numinous Treasure gave this fan
to the high immortal Si Yin from Kunlun Mountain.
Later, Si Yin gave it as a birthday gift to Zhe Yan
so he sent it over to the Peach Tree Woods.
And then, this cloud clearing fan ended up with Aunt.
It went through a lot.
Later, Aunt gave it to me for another reason.
So it was Si Yin.
Let's not talk about others.
Shao Xing, listen to me.
My marriage with Bai Qian was arranged by Celestial Lord and Fox King.
So we must take our time and come up with a way.
Since you were young, you've had a sad life without any family or friends.
Even though Bai Qian took you in
you can't always stay by her side.
According to Qing Qiu's rules
if you get married, she has to be the one to arrange it for you.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life with a man you don't know?
No! I won't marry any other man.
Since Your Highess is the one in my heart
I will stay by your side even if it's just as a servant.
Since you think that way, then why delay it?
Let's go. Come with me to the Celestial Palace now.
Second Prince.
You and I have already been together for a month.
Can't you tell how I feel about you?
But I can't betray Aunt.
I've never even seen her.
How is this betraying her?
We're just binded by an arranged marriage.
Think about it.
If it wasn't because she wouldn't meet with me this whole month
I wouldn't have had the chance to get to know you at Qing Qiu Fox Den.
Isn't this fate?
I will protect you from now on.
I won't let you be a servant.
I will marry you.
I will see you out on behalf of Aunt.
We've finally gotten rid of that VIP.
Shao Xing, hurry and tidy up.
I'll go to the Peach Tree Woods to get Aunt.
Shao Xing?
Shao Xing?
Where did she go?
Second Prince.
Second Uncle.
Crown Prince.
Has Heavenly Lord been back to the Palace in the past few days?
I heard he came back today.
Third Uncle.
You wanted to see me?
The memos to the emperor the past few days
all talk about disasters in Zhong Rong State.
I was wondering if you knew anything about the Scarlet Flame Golden Tiger.
Huh?
Scarlet Flame Golden Tiger was Qing Cang's underling.
After Qing Cang was sealed in the Bell of the Eastern Emperor 70,000 years ago
he disappeared without a trace.
He only reappeared today at Mount Junji of the Far East in Zhong Rong State.
This beast is fierce, belligerent, and recklessly wreaks havoc.
Not only has he caused Zhong Rong State to be in a ten year drought
but he also captured Zhong Rong State's queen.
The king was so ashamed that he killed himself.
What a pity. Then?
That king was an immortal appointed by Dong Hua Dijun.
He came to Celestial Palace after death
and told us all the details of Scarlet Flame Golden Tiger's evil.
You wanted to see me because of this?
From when you turned 50,000, you've gone through all the memos to the emporer.
You never spoke much to me.
What's with you today?
I saw Second Uncle today.
Second Brother came back?
So soon?
Didn't Father want him to live in Qing Qiu for at least three months
to talk more with Bai Qian to grow their relationship?
I don't know what happened between Second Uncle and Bai Qian.
I just know that he brought a snake spirit with him when he came back.
A snake spirit?
A lady.
A lady?
Oh no.
Your Highness, I don't understand.
So what if it's a woman?
It's not like there are no women in the Palace.
Qing Qiu's Bai Qian once took in a snake spirit 70,000 years ago.
It's that lady.
What you mean is
Second Prince sneakily brought his fiancee's servant back?
Your Highness wanted Third Prince to come up with a plan early on.
Qing Qiu's Bai Qian is a strange lady.
She gave away Lord of Numinous Treasures's cloud clearing fan
to that snake spirit.
Talk of that was spread all over the realms.
You may leave.
- Yes. - Yes.
