Xiwu Palace is so large.
Will you be able to find the Hall of Beautiful Youth?
I probably can.
I'll walk you.
Your Highness.
Your Highness!
Please beg His Highness.
It was Your Highness who told me to do this.
Your Highness.
You're saying I made you do it?
Miao Qing.
I had taken pity on you because of your infatuation with His Highness.
Yet, you are going to use this to accuse me of an injustice?
Your Highness, that is not what I meant!
I had misjudged you.
Your Highness, I spoke irresponsibly! Please forgive me!
Since His Highness has asked you to leave, you should not delay.
Leave now.
Your Highness...
Your Highness!
Are you all right, Your Highness? Did it go well?
Xin Nu.
I finally know why Ye Hua...
is so attached to her.
Your Highness, what are you saying?
Just now...
Just now, I saw Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
Do you know who she looks like?
She actually looks no different from that mortal.
Your Highness.
What are you saying?
Su Su.
It's Su Su!
She and Su Su...
actually look so much alike...
Your Highness.
Here is fine. I know the way from here.
Really, I can find my way from here.
I escorted you all this way not just to lead the way for you.
I wanted to ask you a question.
Why did you tell the princess to return to the Eastern Sea?
Didn't you want her to return to the Eastern Sea as well?
Is that the only reason?
I don't know how to answer you now that you ask me that.
As I expected.
What did you expect?
I didn't forget my promise to you.
I will remember to find a few consorts for you.
But since you don't like that princess
then just send her back to the Eastern Sea.
Speaking of which, the princess was a bit too calculating.
She tried to drug you today.
Who knows what she might do another day?
It's better for the palace to be more peaceful and quiet.
What do you think?
I shouldn't have asked you this question.
I asked you to go into the room because I wanted you to be jealous.
But I didn't realize that you were just putting on a show.
In your heart...
I have no standing.
Bai Qian.
Does your heart only have room for one person?
How long will you wait for him?
In your heart, I have no standing.
Bai Qian, does your heart only have room for one person?
How long will you wait for him?
I was so sleepy earlier.
Now that I'm lying under this soft blanket, I can't sleep.
In your heart, I have no standing.
Bai Qian.
Does your heart only have room for one person?
A-Yin.
A-Yin, where are you?
A-Yin.
A-Yin.
In this lifetime, I, Li Jing, will only be with A-Yin.
If I break this oath
I shall have no posterity, and live a life of loneliness.
Back then, you said
regardless of who I am...
you would be with me.
But now?
Very well.
I'll let you two be.
Li Jing.
You are indeed the only man that I wholeheartedly loved
in all my 140,000 years.
It's just that too much time has passed.
We cannot return to the way we were.
I mustn't die. Millions of people still depend on me.
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! Your Majesty!
Report!
Xuan Nu escaped from the dungeons last night!
Before she left, she killed Li Yuan by stabbing him in the heart!
What did you say? My brother is dead?
Yes!
Cut his head off.
Hang it outside Grand Ziming Palace in public view for seven days.
Burn the body.
He was the former Ghost Lord's eldest son
and your older brother.
If word spreads, I'm afraid the generals will be displeased.
The people will criticize you as well.
His death will bring great a catastrophe to the Ghost Realm
and the rest of the world.
Doing this...
is already the most merciful way of handling him.
Quickly, send men to track down the princess.
She must be brought back to the Ghost Realm.
If they come across Xuan Nu...
No need to report to me. Just kill her on the spot.
Bring her corpse back to the Ghost Realm.
She was the woman that I officially wed into Grand Ziming Palace.
After I die...
I want to be buried with her.
- Yes. - Yes.
They've flown away!
No, I must find Yan Zhi quickly.
I must find her quickly.
Linhe Dining! Meat and wine at fair prices! Equal treatment to all!
Don't pass us by!
Sir, have you eaten yet?
Come on inside.
Sir, have you eaten yet?
- Come on inside. - All right.
The jade is burning hotter. Yan Zhi must be nearby.
Madam, you...
Have you eaten yet?
Sir, is there a lady nearby?
Very beautiful, very fair, with large eyes?
She's about the same height and build as me.
This woman is looking for Yan Zhi?
Why aren't you speaking?
Is there not a lady like that?
Madam, what is wrong with your eyes?
Do you need to find a physician?
My eyes were injured by villains.
Sir, tell me quickly. Is there such a lady nearby?
There is a lady who fits your description.
She is in this restaurant.
Take me to her!
All right.
Watch your step.
Madam, wait here.
All right.
Take a look. She was searching for you.
The jade is suddenly very hot.
Yes, Li Yuan was right.
This is Yan Zhi in front of me. It's Yan Zhi!
Yan Zhi! Yan Zhi!
I am Xuan Nu. Xuan Nu!
Xuan Nu? She is Xuan Nu?
It can't be. Xuan Nu doesn't look like this.
Sister-in-law? Why do you look like this?
I know my face has changed.
It was Bai Qian. She took away my beauty.
Yan Zhi, do I look really ugly like this? Do I?
No, Sister-in-law, you don't. Don't be afraid.
Little Mute! You can actually speak?
Yes, I can speak.
I don't have time to explain.
Can you go out to the main hall and attend to the guests for me?
All right.
I happen to be free today.
You can take your time talking. There is no hurry.
Oh...
If your sister-in-law needs a physician, let me know.
I will call for you if I need you. Go on.
Yan Zhi, who was that man?
Is it someone you brought from the Ghost Realm?
No, I didn't take anyone with me when I left the Ghost Realm.
Don't worry. He is just an ordinary mortal.
He has been taking care of me for the past few years.
Taking care of you?
Is this child yours?
It is my son.
A prince? Let me see!
Good, good boy.
Why aren't there any signs of life?
It's really not breathing!
Doesn't my son look a lot like me?
Yes.
I raised him myself from the moment he was born.
It's been 300 years.
He doesn't cry or throw tantrums. He's very obedient.
Yan Zhi, isn't he a good boy?
Yes.
How could a mother not know whether her child is a boy or a girl?
It hasn't grown or cried for 300 years.
From the moment it was born, it was clearly...
She must not have been able to accept it.
That's why...
Sister-in-law.
Have you also noticed he doesn't cry, doesn't make noise, and doesn't breathe?
He is just asleep.
Yan Zhi, trust me.
Once I find a way, he will surely wake up.
My son will definitely wake up.
I've been following the Ghost Realm princess for three years.
There haven't been any leads.
Now Xuan Nu appears with a different face and cuts all over her body.
It seems there hasn't been peace in the Ghost Realm for the years.
Perhaps I might discover something if I stay here.
Wait! What if Yan Zhi heals Xuan Nu's eyes?
Xuan Nu will recognize me. I can't let her see my face.
Sister-in-law, try now. Can you see clearly?
No, everything's still a blur.
That's odd.
This is clearly just a normal wound. Why doesn't it heal?
It's all right.
I don't want to see this fake face anyway.
It's too hideous.
Sister-in-law, don't fear. I will try something else another day.
Your eyes will be healed eventually.
Tell me what happened first. What happened to you?
Li Jing killed Li Yuan
and hung his head outside Grand Ziming Palace
for public viewing for days.
The body was burned to ash.
I tried to persuade him
but Li Jing flew into a fury.
He yelled at me for giving birth to a sick child
causing him to have no progeny.
Then he wounded my eyes.
He drove me and my child out of the Ghost Realm.
You... Why are you crying?
There has been misfortune in the family.
My eldest brother is dead.
Li Yuan is dead?
That's... Death is a natural part of life.
Don't be too upset.
I didn't speak all those years...
because I didn't want to have to deal with others.
I really didn't deceive you on purpose.
It's all right. It's fine.
Thank you for taking care of me for all those years.
It was... It was nothing.
I just remembered I have things to do at the bureau today.
I have to leave.
Weren't you free today?
There is unrest among the people.
There has been a rumor that the former Ghost Lord will be returning.
Is that true?
Hasn't the former Ghost Lord been sealed away by Mo Yuan at Ruoshui?
There was activity at Ruoshui a few days ago. That was a sign.
If the former Ghost Lord were to escape
then with his temper
he would definitely fight to the death with the Celestial Tribe.
How many people will die this time?
I'd rather have corpses litter the ground
than continue offering tribute to the Celestial Tribe.
What spell has His Majesty fallen under?
Not only does His Majesty only favor Pure Consort Chen
he even decreed the harem selection is to be put on hold for five years.
Ever since Noble Consort joined the Taoist temple 15 years ago
no other concubines have given birth to a child.
I thought His Majesty would surely pass the throne to the Crown Prince
but there is now a Pure Consort in the picture
who is so heavily favored.
Should she be so lucky as to give birth to a prince
then there is no guarantee who the throne will belong to.
Decades in the Mortal Realm flash by in an instant.
When Dijun returns to the Nine Heavens
will he blame me for altering his original trial of love?
But I can't bear to hurt him, even if it is a trial he must experience.
You must even if you can't bear to.
Why are you so ill at ease every time you come to see me?
I was just clumsy.
Your Majesty, do not walk around. I'll have someone clean this up.
What? You want me to create difficulties for the Noble Consort?
Yes.
Do what you can to win her favor out of jealousy.
Haven't I given you many storybooks? There are many methods written in them.
The Noble Consort has been living in the Taoist temple for so long.
What is there to be jealous of?
Her son was conferred the title of Crown Prince.
Just that point is enough to cause envy in all the women in the harem.
You have been favored for so long but haven't had a son.
Do you not harbor any hatred?
I don't.
Have you ever experienced the taste of jealousy?
I only think of being able to have this short time with Dijun.
I don't have the time to be jealous.
You truly are suited to follow Dijun.
Really?
Just to follow. You're not destined to be together.
I know I hold no place in Dijun's heart.
But can you let me have this beautiful dream?
I have to shatter your beautiful dream.
Bear this in mind.
You must make Dijun hate women and be thoroughly disappointed.
Only then will your trip here be successful.
Does it have to be like this?
It does.
What is that?
The newest story.
Fighting among the harem for favor. The Noble Consort is framed.
Act according to what is written.
Your Highness.
I should be the one to greet you, Sister.
I am no longer the Noble Consort. There's no need to salute me.
Sister, before I was favored by His Majesty
I was living in the Cold Palace and often heard stories about you.
I finally get to meet you, a legend.
I am merely no longer disillusioned with human society
and have devoted myself to Taoism.
Your Highness speaks too highly of me.
This is our first time meeting. Let's not be so courteous.
By the way, I heard the temple has some of the palace's best tea.
May I have a drink?
All right. Your Highness, please have a seat.
Your Majesty, the Pure Consort has been having stomach pains for an hour
and has fainted several times now.
Why would this happen?
The imperial physician said she ate something unclean.
Something unclean?
I heard the Pure Consort visited the Noble Consort's Taoist temple
and had some refreshments.
She was this way after she returned.
- She went to the Taoist temple? - Yes, Your Majesty.
Didn't I say not to allow the Pure Consort to go to the Taoist temple?
Your Majesty, nobody but you can stop the Pure Consort.
Your Majesty, you had best hurry to take a look.
She is vomiting and fainting. What should we do?
It... Could it have been...
Could have been what?
Could it have been that the Noble Consort was afraid
the Pure Consort would bear a son
and steal the title of Crown Prince
so she drugged the refreshments?
Atrocious!
How can you vilify the Crown Prince's mother in such a way?
I am wrong! I am wrong!
In any case, she gave birth to the Crown Prince.
You must not make such presumptuous guesses.
Yes, yes.
Come with me to see the Pure Consort.
This is such an insidious plot line.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
Your Majesty.
Here.
What is causing your sudden stomach pains?
And you are sweating so much.
I heard you went to the Noble Consort's Taoist temple.
I did go.
Ever since I was young, Aunt taught me
to be worthy of my identity as a princess of Qing Qiu.
How can I act like a raving lunatic
and cause harm to such a benevolent woman who is devoted to Taoism?
Jiu'er?
No, no.
Doing this would be too much of a disappointment to Aunt.
I must change the plan.
I did go to the temple.
But this has nothing to do with the Noble Consort.
Do not imagine things, Your Majesty.
I secretly played in the water a few days ago and caught a cold.
It has nothing to do with the Noble Consort.
Of course I would not blame her.
I understand very well the sort of person the Noble Consort is.
But you did not treasure your own body.
Have you considered my feelings?
I was too mischievous. I've caused Your Majesty to worry.
Jiu'er.
I was very afraid you were going to say it was the Noble Consort who harmed you.
Since you had that speculation
if I really had said that, would Your Majesty have believed me?
No.
Yes, I'd forgotten.
When I was still an Honored Lady
Your Majesty had come to speak of your grievances
because of the heartbreak the Noble Consort caused you.
You would surely trust her and not me.
I believe both of you.
The Noble Consort has long since abandoned human society
and you...
are the one I love the most.
You have a pure and kind disposition.
You would never harm her.
I was very anxious on my way here.
I clearly knew that with the Noble Consort's character
she would never do such a thing.
However, I could imagine
if anything were to happen to you
I would never forgive anyone in the Taoist temple.
It seems I could be a fatuous ruler.
Is Your Majesty speaking the truth?
The absolute truth.
Jiu'er.
If anything were to happen to you, I would lose all reason.
Then...
What if I were to do wrong one day?
No matter what you do, I will pardon you.
Give me another two years.
After two years, I will do those things to betray him.
Your Highness.
You must not continue living this life so willfully just because you know me.
Dijun is an immortal who has lived hundreds of millennia.
Will he really remember this relationship that only lasts a few days?
What does it matter that it is just a few days?
I will take as many as I can.
All right.
Then two years will be the limit. I will appear again when the time comes.
Your Majesty.
It's so late. Why are you here?
I made some desserts.
I'd like to look at the moon with Your Majesty.
Look at the moon?
Didn't you say you haven't been feeling well lately?
Have you forgotten what the physician said?
That is why I came here in secret. The physician does not know.
Jiu'er, you seem different today.
Do I? How am I different?
In the past year, I have felt there has been something on your mind.
But tonight, I feel
you have already let go of whatever was troubling you
and are finally willing to be open with me.
I understand it now. Life is short.
Since I love Your Majesty
I should put my whole heart into treating Your Majesty well.
Otherwise, I will surely regret it when I think back on it later.
Is that true?
Since you have thought things through, then come here.
Your Majesty, you must promise me
that no matter what, you must not forget these two years.
I promise you.
Yan Zhi, do not blame me for being heartless.
Only by killing you can your father's powers increase
so he can break out of the Bell of the East Emperor's seal.
Only your father will kill all of Qing Qiu for me
to get revenge for me.
Who are you? Are you from the Ghost Tribe?
You still don't recognize my voice?
Are you Zi Lan?
That's right. It's me.
Why are you here?
If I weren't here, you would have already killed Yan Zhi after she saved you.
Xuan Nu, even after more than 70,000 years
you are still such an ungrateful person!
My business has nothing to do with you!
On the other hand, have you forgotten how your master died?
Have you forgotten the enmity between Kunlun Mountain and Grand Ziming Palace?
You are actually protecting the Ghost Tribe's princess?
Aren't you afraid of being struck by lightning?
You don't need to worry about me, traitor of the Celestial Tribe!
I don't know why you want to kill Yan Zhi
but I'll tell you that as long as I am here
if you dare to have this notion again
you will know the consequences of your betrayal to the Celestial Tribe!
I am not doing anything to you now
because I see that you have lost your status and rank
and have a child in tow.
That is why I am showing you some compassion.
Do not force my hand.
If you stay by Yan Zhi's side without harming her, I will not hurt you.
Do you understand?
Yes.
