But listen to me.
Ever since you left Grand Ziming Palace
from the day Father had me imprisoned in the dungeons...
I thought of you day and night.
I know my heart will have no other from now on.
Although I am friendly with Your Highness
I do not have any romantic feelings for you.
I am sorry.
A-Yin, listen to me.
I really am serious.
I just want to be with you like how we were in Grand Ziming Palace
drinking, teasing, and talking about everything.
But you are the Ghost Realm's Second Prince after all.
Why don't you stay in the guest room tonight?
It seems to be getting late.
I will escort you off the mountain tomorrow morning.
I did not come here from afar just to hear you say that.
I am sorry to disappoint you, Your Highness.
How dare you of the Ghost Tribe come to Kunlun Mountain?
Seventeenth, stand back.
Are you going to defend him?
Have you forgotten your identity?
Leaving aside that your father tormented Ninth to the point he was traumatized
you even dared come to Kunlun Mountain to harass Seventeenth.
I will not let you off lightly.
You are A-Yin's fellow disciple. I will not fight you.
So what if you do?
Back in Grand Ziming Palace
my junior disciples were at a disadvantage
only because their powers were suppressed.
Today, I'll show you Kunlun Mountain's swordsmanship!
No! Senior, let it go!
If I don't beat him half to death
I'll worry that he'll return to harass you!
Senior!
Even you are defending him?
Just let him go.
Why should I?
Have you forgotten how his father humiliated you?
When we were at Grand Ziming Palace, he took good care of us.
Moreover, if not for the sake of returning to apologize to Master
I would have already committed suicide.
On the day we escaped, if he hadn't protected Seventeenth
Seventeenth would have been disabled, if not dead.
Is that the truth?
Even so, he a prince of Ghost Realm.
Don't forget that it was his father who first captured you.
Hurry and leave.
A-Yin, wait for me. I will be back.
Leave quickly.
- Don't go! - Senior!
Zi Lan!
- Senior. - Chase him!
- Yes! - Senior, let him go.
You two...
I don't care anymore!
Senior.
I couldn't catch up to him.
Judging from the direction he went
he was headed towards the cave that has been sealed off.
That cave?
Senior, are we still going after him?
No need to.
Ninth is someone who knows right from wrong.
Yet, he spoke up for Li Ming.
He must not be a bad person. It's good enough that he left.
Senior, I could feel a sinister aura coming from that cave from afar.
Master has also told us to stay away.
What is sealed in there?
The Lord of the Numinous Treasures borrowed that cave from Master.
It's said something with a strong demonic essence is kept there.
If the Ghost Prince is lucky, he will avoid it.
If not, that is his fate.
Si Yin, how come you were in the mood to come down from the mountain with me?
I happen to have free time today, so I'm taking you around.
I heard Senior Disciple had a fight with someone today.
I heard that person is a prince.
Ever since you returned from the Ghost Realm
you've been studying texts on immortal powers and Daoism every day.
Is it because the Ghost Realm is really going to rebel?
Why would you suddenly ask that?
When I lived at Qian Qian's Den
I would sometimes hear her say that
the current Ghost Lord has a rebellious heart
and there will end up being a big war.
That is indeed the case.
However, they won't be able to revolt.
My master's formation spells are enough to decimate their tribe.
Formation spells?
Who is it?
Immortal.
Where did you come from, little monster?
Don't you know this is Kunlun Mountain?
Immortal, follow me quickly to save my Second Prince.
Are you speaking of Li Jing?
Go, I'll follow you.
Si Yin!
Li Jing!
Li Jing, let's go.
Li Jing!
Your Highness, Your Highness! Are you all right?
Have mercy!
Lord of Numinous Treasures.
You have so quickly gloriously risen to the rank of high immortal.
Your Highness.
It only happened a few days ago.
Are you here to see Master, my Lord?
No.
I had set a seal on this phoenix.
Just now, I sensed unusual activity, so I came to take a look.
Is this phoenix your mount?
Not exactly.
The demonic essence in this phoenix has yet to be removed.
I planned to have the spiritual influence of Kunlun Mountain
rid it of its demonic essence.
I did not expect it would injure the two of you.
Will you allow me to deal with the phoenix?
Since it is your phoenix, then of course you can.
This is the Cloud Clearing Fan.
Although it cannot compare to the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun
it still has its uses.
Consider it a gift of apology to the two of you.
How can I accept it?
There's no need to be polite. Please accept it.
Thank you, my Lord.
Bear this in mind.
The amount of power this fan can produce
depends entirely on the power level of the user.
Rest assured.
I will not allow this fan to fall into the hands of someone evil and powerful.
Farewell now.
Your Highness!
Come.
- You're awake? - A-Yin.
It's good you are awake. Rest now.
Thank you for shielding me from the phoenix today.
Shield? It was no use.
I cannot believe it's been twice today that I needed you to save me.
This is Kunlun Mountain. You are the Ghost Realm's Second Prince.
Your powers would naturally be suppressed.
There is nothing to be embarrassed about.
A-Yin, thank you for coming to see me.
After being imprisoned by Father, although I braved the chance to see you
when I think of it
even I look down on myself.
You are the 17th disciple of Kunlun Mountain
and also a high immortal respected throughout the world.
Who am I to deserve another chance to see you?
Don't think about those things now.
The phoenix has been taken away. You can recuperate here.
I'll go get some more hot water for you.
A-Yin.
What do I do if I want to see you again?
See me?
You have to at least give me a way to enter Kunlun Mountain.
With this talisman, you'll be able to freely come and go from Kunlun Mountain.
By the way, nobody on Kunlun Mountain knows I am a woman.
So, you have to be careful.
Don't let my fellow disciples know.
Xuan Nu, you came at the right time. Come with me.
Look, your mother has come to visit you.
Unfilial daughter.
You actually came to Kunlun Mountain to flee your marriage.
Come back with me. Don't embarrass your sister any longer.
I'm not going back! I'm not going to marry that black bear spirit.
Do you think you are your sister?
She was born from the legal wife
so naturally, she could marry into Qing Qiu's Bai family.
Your mother is a concubine. Do you understand?
If you are so arrogant, you will only be causing yourself harm in the future.
Senior, please help me!
If I don't find someone I like, I would rather not marry!
You...
Madam, look at how opposed to this marriage your daughter is.
Why don't you just let it go?
You...
Daoist priest, I am her mother.
It is in my right to take her home and marry her off.
Although you are Mo Yuan's disciple
a high immortal revered throughout the four seas
isn't it unreasonable for you to interfere?
If this marriage arrangement is delayed
I wonder if you would be able to bear the consequences?
May I ask what your identity was before you came to Kunlun Mountain?
My senior had quite the influential status.
He is the second prince of West Sea.
Does he have a marriage arrangement?
No.
So your interference just now means you are interested in my daughter?
- Who can say? - Who knows?
You two stop the nonsense.
- Madam, listen to me- - Madam.
Madam, look. It has just started. You can't tear them apart.
- Let them have some time together. - That's right.
Senior is one of respected stature.
It's inappropriate to ask him directly. It's not good.
When the two really become a pair
are you afraid Senior wouldn't come asking for her hand in marriage?
That's why I say you should let Xuan Nu stay here a bit longer.
- Then... - There will eventually be good news.
Yes.
That sets my mind at ease then.
- Madam, take care. - Madam, take care.
Madam, take care.
Have you two had enough?
It was an urgent situation, Senior.
Yes.
Xuan Nu, don't entertain any foolish ideas.
I don't harbor any improper thoughts about you.
They just made it up.
I did not think too much into it.
I apologize to you on behalf of the two of them.
As senior disciple of Kunlun Mountain
how can I think of marriage when practicing Daoism?
I'll be returning to West Sea when I finish my discipleship.
As second prince of West Sea, my marriage will naturally be arranged by my father.
How can it be made the subject of your ridicule?
It was only to get out of that emergency situation.
That's right, Senior.
Don't be angry. We obviously know you don't have feelings for Xuan Nu.
We also know that with your identity and status
your marriage will be arranged.
All right, get back to studying.
Yes.
A-Yin.?
My only wish is to make you smile with this sincere parting poem.
This poem carries a vow-
I gave him a talisman so he could come bid farewell after he was healed.
How come he sent this sappy poem?
A-Yin, is this from the Ghost Realm's second prince?
When will the day come when we love each other dearly?
In this very moment-
Nonsense.
Qian Qian, I envy you so much for having such a beautiful face.
If I had your looks, I'd be content even if I only a few hundreds years.
You've said that for a few hundred years already.
I really do envy you a lot.
I like your looks and your appearance.
However, my parents made me so ugly.
How are you ugly? I don't think so.
But since you like my face, I'll give it to you.
Give to me?
Zhe Yan has the ability to change appearances.
I'll talk to him for you.
- I'll have him teach you. - You mustn't lie to me.
After I learn it, will I be able to look like you?
It will probably be able to last a few hours.
It's just a temporary change?
Why would you want to look like me all the time?
You are from the Fox Clan and already look similar to me.
You'll look even more like me when you grow up.
Don't take such a minor spell so seriously.
By the way, you must not use this magic for evil purposes.
Karma has a cause. Evil actions will be punished.
Come with me.
Why would I do something bad?
Why?
Why is it that we are all the same
but I have to marry a lowly black bear spirit?
A-Yin.
Today's poem will be somewhat melancholic.
You might understand.
I rather pretend to seek drunkenness with wild abandon
for feigned cheer from drink and song holds no joy.
Clothes hang loose on my body, yet regret I have not.
For her, I wither away willingly.
How is it melancholic? It's clearly sappy.
I have to go to my lesson. Don't get in my way.
All right, I'll take it. Can you go now?
A-Yin, I'll see you again in the next life.
He's going to commit suicide?
Li Jing!
Li Jing! Li Jing!
Using that artifact will only hurt his body.
Why don't you try stimulating his heart?
Perhaps he'll wake up then.
Li Jing, if you wake up, I'll give you my promise.
Once you promise me, you can't go back on your word.
Liar!
What if I go back on my word?
Then I'll really go and die.
Go ahead then. I'm leaving.
A-Yin.
I've been at Kunlun Mountain for half a month now.
I've only seen you once.
It hurts my heart to think of it.
Stop it.
Putting aside you and I
what do you plan on doing with the wives in your harem?
They'll be immediately disbanded.
Really?
In this lifetime, I, Li Jing, will only be with A-Yin.
If I break this oath
I shall have no posterity, and live a life of loneliness.
Don't say that kind of thing. Sit down.
A-Yin...
Can you give me a massage? It hurts.
Your fiery qilin never spoke before.
How come he suddenly spoke today?
He talked too much in his early years
so I told him to stop talking and be a mute.
I see he knows you very well.
He must have won the hearts of many women for you.
My bones... my bones...
Don't move.
Do not move.
Why are you staring at me like that?
I really want to be with you.
What goes on in your mind all day?
You're avoiding me again.
I'm not talking anymore.
I am a disciple of Kunlun Mountain.
How can I stand your constant sappiness?
- But- - I can't talk any longer. I'm going now.
You can stay here.
Don't let my fellow disciples see you.
Cloud leaping isn't allowed on Kunlun Mountain.
Don't come again.
About Master's Bell of the East Emperor...
They all speak of it without going into detail.
Forget it. I'll wait for Master to come out of seclusion.
A-Yin, you've been disappearing right after morning lessons lately.
I can never find you.
Have you found someplace fun to pass the time?
There's no such thing.
I have just been going to feed the red-crowned cranes with Senior.
I know you are starting to avoid me, just like Senior.
I don't have that intention.
If not, then why are you lying to me?
The cranes have always been taken care of by Sixteenth Disciple.
He said you were bullied by the cranes and you are most afraid of them.
Why would you go to feed them?
Forget it. I don't want to hear it.
All right.
I went to see a friend.
Friend?
Is it the one who sent the love poem?
That wasn't a love poem. It wasn't.
Then can you take me with you?
Take you?
Your friend is also my friend. Of course I want to meet him.
His identity is a bit unusual.
I know you don't trust me, and mind my lowly status
and are afraid I'll be an embarrassment to you.
All right, don't say anymore. Come with me.
A-Yin, look. This is a bamboo flute I made for you.
You spend all day making these knickknacks to please me.
You made those tiny animals before.
Thank you.
Oh, right. My relation with her is a bit complicated.
You can say she is a distant cousin.
She is of the Fox Clan. Her name is Xuan Nu.
This is Li Jing, second prince of the Ghost Realm.
Where did this little Si Yin come from?
How can I compare to Si Yin?
But you are just so similar to Si Yin.
When you don't have the free time
you can have her come down here so I won't be bored.
All right, then.
Any company you can get will do. You're just afraid of being bored.
Of course not.
Do you have free time the next few days?
No, I just wanted to tell you
Master will be coming out of seclusion soon
so it may not be easy for me to come down to visit you.
You'll have to return to Grand Ziming Palace to pass the time.
I'm absolutely not going back.
The women of the palace have been sent away already.
From now on
I'll be at Kunlun Mountain to be near you.
You should take this back.
My room has too many new trinkets. Senior is starting to be suspicious.
All right.
Do you know?
Master had endured a heavenly trial for me
and suffered severe injuries.
I'm very worried about him.
A-Yin.
When you are with me
why are nine out of ten sentences about Mo Yuan?
Are they? I just have a good relationship with my master.
- Isn't it normal? - A-Yin.
You finally came to visit me. Yet, you brought someone along.
Now I can't even talk to you properly.
Xuan Nu is watching.
Xuan Nu, is that the sound of the cranes at the back mountain?
It seems to be.
I have urgent business. I need to go.
You just arrived. You're leaving already?
Yes, Senior and the others are keeping a close watch.
If you are bored, then go exploring.
A leisurely stroll?
Am I not afraid of coming across your Senior and getting beaten up again?
If you're afraid of being beaten up, then be careful.
I can't talk anymore. I'm going now.
Let's go, Xuan Nu.
- Senior. - Senior.
You're well-behaved today. You're back so early.
I heard the cranes calling. I thought Master came out.
Who knew it turned out to be just Zi Lan playing with them.
Don't worry. I will tell Master all about your filial heart.
That isn't my reason.
I do sincerely hope Master will come out soon.
After all, if it weren't for me, he wouldn't be so heavily injured.
Let's return to the main hall.
So you left me because you thought Mo Yuan was coming out of seclusion.
A-Yin, you are so anxious for his return.
Do you hope day and night to see him?
Xuan Nu?
Why are you dressed as a man?
It would be more convenient to come and go from the mountain like this.
That is true.
Kunlun Mountain is full of men.
It is inconvenient for a lady.
Just now, I nearly thought you were A-Yin.
Although I look similar to A-Yin
the difference in our statuses is like heaven and earth.
He is Mo Yuan's most favored disciple.
And I am just the most unnoticeable immortal in Qing Qiu.
You have your own charm.
Did A-Yin tell you to come?
No.
I came specifically to see Your Highness.
There are some things I want to ask you in person
but I was afraid it would be hard for you to hear.
Speak freely.
Is Your Highness and A-Yin a pair now?
I had that feeling, but I did not dare think too much into it.
However, why are you staying at Kunlun Mountain?
Aren't you afraid of the Ghost Tribe knowing?
In the end, it is impossible for
one from Ghost Tribe to be with one from Celestial Tribe.
Are these words what A-Yin want you to tell me?
No, do not misunderstand, Your Highness.
How can I not have thought of what you just said?
If A-Yin is not from Celestial Tribe
I would surely disregard everything and have Si Yin marry into my palace.
However, I can only take things one step at a time now.
I don't dare consider too much.
If there is someone she does adore, I'm afraid it would be Mo Yuan.
Don't say anymore.
Your Highness.
You are Si Yin?
Seventeenth, don't try to hide.
Senior.
Xuan Nu?
Why are you wearing Si Yin's clothes?
I was down at the foot of the mountain for a walk.
I was afraid women's clothing would be conspicuous
and put Kunlun Mountain under scrutiny
so I took Si Yin's clothing.
You and Si Yin look so similar from the back.
Senior, if there is nothing else, I'll be going now.
Go on.
Tea is served.
Does Your Highness visit the mortal realm often?
I used to come often in the past.
Your Highness said
you had sent away all the beauties in Grand Ziming Palace for A-Yin.
If I could have
a tiny fraction of the sway over Your Highness's heart that A-Yin has
I would be content.
Xuan Nu, that night...
That night was a moment of confusion for me.
Doing such a thing was not only wrong to A-Yin
but also wrong to you.
If Your Highness would like me to forget
then I will forget it and pretend it never happened.
Do not blame yourself, Your Highness.
I was willing.
- Good! - Splendid!
Upstairs, please.
A-Yin.
Who is this gentleman waiting for?
Waiting for you.
Frivolous.
You must have been waiting for four hours now.
I was held back by Senior
so that is why I had Xuan Nu sneak out to keep you company first.
What is four hours?
I haven't seen you in ten days.
Has it been ten days?
It's been ten whole days.
A-Yin, when exactly will you be able to finish your discipleship?
For someone as tactless and impulsive as me
it would probably take at least another 70,000 to 80,000 years.
Then...
I'm afraid you wish to continue to be close to Mo Yuan.
Li Jing, what shameful words are you saying?
Did you listen to someone's nonsense?
Is it really nonsense?
Who was it and what did they say?
I'm heading back now.
I just got here. You're leaving already?
What is the matter with all of you?
Did you bully her?
I wouldn't dare bully your people.
This is for you.
Did you make this?
Thank you.
Have you ever been to Mount Junji of the Far East?
Mount Junji of the Far East?
Sometimes, I'll go to the mortal realm with my fellow disciples to play.
We would go there.
There are no signs of mortals there, but many animals.
It's very fun.
Let's go together next time.
Yes, let's go together next time.
What did you say?
The war is near at hand. Li Jing has disappeared?
That is right.
I am guessing he is probably...
- Probably... - Speak.
He has probably gone to Kunlun Mountain.
Kunlun Mountain?
When Li Jing was still at Grand Ziming Palace
he had a tryst with the immortal named Si Yin.
According to my understanding of him
he must have followed that Celestial.
If that is the case
then is no longer my son.
Your Highness.
I still do not understand.
You are of such a respectable status.
Why do you still waste your time waiting at Kunlun Mountain?
I do not understand either.
Your Highness, you clearly know
the one A-Yin likes the most is Mo Yuan.
Why must you still torment yourself.
I know Your Highness still minds that A-Yin is from the Celestial Tribe.
I am not part of the Celestial Tribe.
I am willing to follow Your Highness to the Ghost Realm.
That is right.
You are correct.
Nothing will come out of a relationship between
one of the Ghost Tribe and one of the Celestial Tribe.
Master has been in seclusion for so long.
I wonder when he will come out.
Fourth Brother, after much thought
there is something I want to tell you.
The Ghost Realm's second prince and I met by chance
and have become well acquainted and have mutual affection for each other.
He and I have not broken any rules, but I have already set my mind on him.
But now that resentment grows between Ghost Tribe and Celestial Tribe
I'm afraid the Ghost Lord will eventually wage war on the Celestial Tribe.
He and I...
- Seventeenth. - Senior.
In my fight with Li Jing last time, you had blamed me for injuring him.
I really regret not killing him.
He hasn't taken you, but he has taken Xuan Nu.
What did you just say?
I left the mountain just now and saw them from afar, walking hand-in-hand.
They looked quite intimate.
But speaking of which, it is quite strange.
Xuan Nu is a female immortal. Li Jing is truly improper.
Why would they pair up together?
Seventeenth!
Immortal!
