As far as he is concerned
your eyesight didn't hold much significance to begin with.
Su Jin?
It is me.
Su Su, how is your injury? Does it still hurt?
I trusted you. Why did you harm me in this way?
Leaving aside that you hurt your own eyes
you have also caused me to lose my eyes.
What good does this do for you?
It is true you don't have your eyes.
But now, I can already see.
I came today to tell you
your eyes are quite handy.
You're using... my eyes?
Did Ye Hua not tell you?
He took out your eyes to give to me.
When Medicine King changed my eyes for me
Ye Hua stayed by my side the whole day and night.
How could you understand what is between me and him?
You can continue to stay in the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
You just have to remember...
This is Ye Hua's future consort, Su Jin's charity to you.
This was originally between the two of them.
I was just a passerby...
who was dazedly drawn in, and became an obstacle for them.
This is preposterous!
Guard this hall well.
She may not have a proper title, but she's still the Crown Prince's woman.
Should there be any mishap, you will have to answer to me.
- Yes, Consort Su Jin. - Yes, Consort Su Jin.
Your Highness, are you all right?
The things this mortal keeps are all just wild at heart.
Beat that evil creature to death.
Yes.
Consort Su Jin.
Didn't you already leave for the lower realm's Deity Mountain?
Your Highness, Consort Le Xu just graciously permitted me
to be demoted back to the lower realm's Deity Mountain
after the imperial child reaches one year of age.
Is this little fox a pet kept in your Hall of Beautiful Youth?
Your Highness, this little fox indeed comes often to Hall of Beautiful Youth
but it is not my lady's.
I clearly saw it coming out of the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
You would dare tell a lie over an evil creature?
Your Highness, this little fox really isn't-
Impudence!
Dijun.
A little fox of mine has gone missing. Has Your Highness seen it?
Little fox?
It's the one your servant is carrying.
Tell me. Who hurt it?
Dijun.
It bit my lady's wrist.
Her Highness only flung it aside out of defense.
It was so disobedient?
How could it be? It must have been unintentional.
So was it intentional or unintentional?
Unintentional. It must have been unintentional.
I may have been in its way. It has an unstable temper and was vexed.
It isn't a big injury.
Since it is your fox, I will return it to you.
Since you say it injured you, I mustn't discriminate in its favor.
Why don't you tell me what happened just now?
It...
Isn't this where the Crown Prince's mortal wife resides?
I heard a tiny incident happened a few days ago
that caused a lot of unpleasantness.
Come inside with me to ask the mortal woman...
why this little fox suffered such a provocation
as to dare bite someone.
You must be jesting, Dijun.
This small bite is not worthy of you personally inquiring about it.
It bit me, I also injured it.
This matter has been balanced out.
Balanced out?
I see that it is hurt more severely than you are.
How is it balanced?
Dijun, please calm your anger. I have done wrong.
What did you say?
I was in a bad mood because I visited
the mortal in the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
And this little fox happened to be playing here
yet, it was harmed by me for no reason.
Harmed for no reason?
Dijun, please calm your anger.
I was boiling with fury, and hurt Taichen Palace's fox.
I am willing to kneel here for two hours in apology.
That is very well.
You grew up here in the Nine Heavens.
You must have heard I am accustomed to leading troops in the past
so I am both protective of my own, and impervious to reason.
You had best stay away from the people and fox of my palace.
Yes.
- Your Highness, get up. - Do not help me up.
Otherwise, if someone tells Dijun, there would be more trouble.
Regardless, Your Highness is an imperial consort.
Why would you have to humble yourself in such a way?
What do you know?
Dijun might never involve himself in the affairs of the Celestial Palace
but if he says the word, nobody would dare disobey him.
Just now, he was obviously angry.
Even if Heavenly Lord were here, he wouldn't help me.
He may even sentence me to kneel here for the whole day.
Xin Nu.
It was not easy for me to reach this point.
I will endure whatever grievances I can.
As long as I can get into Xiwu Palace, nothing else is a concern for me.
Your Highness.
It would be nice if the Crown Prince knew of your devotion to him.
He will know sooner or later.
This is a report submitted by the water kings of the four seas
the various clan leaders, and the vassals of every sea altogether.
The Far North war has won many people's hearts for Ye Hua.
They are all requesting
to allow the Crown Prince to officially accept the seal.
Congratulations, Brother and Father.
Once Ye Hua receives the Crown Prince seal
the two of you will have someone to share the burdens of official matters.
He has not betrayed my expectations.
In this world, there are trials in life.
Whether you are an immortal or a human, you have your own trials.
You can't help her. She can't help you either.
- Heavenly Lord. - Heavenly Lord.
Dijun.
Something good seems to have happened to you.
I have received numerous reports in the past few days.
They are all asking for the Crown Prince to complete his investiture.
Is that so?
Congratulations are in order, Heavenly Lord.
The Crown Prince has not disappointed you
and has won the hearts of all those around the world.
Yes, I am also very pleased.
Haven't you been sending official affairs
to Zichen Hall starting from 20,000 years ago?
After the Crown Prince receives his seal, you can be like me
free of all matters and no longer concerned with palace affairs.
You are right.
In the past dozen years
I have deeply felt myself to be less capable than I wish to be.
Start preparations for Ye Hua's investiture early next month.
Thank you, Heavenly Lord.
Rise.
Ye Hua.
I have to congratulate you.
Thank you, Third Uncle.
Ye Hua.
Father has always had high expectations of you.
After your investiture, you must be prudent with your words and actions
and carry on Father's principles as a ruler.
I shall sincerely obey Father's instruction.
Nai Nai, the lotuses are so fragrant.
If Your Highness likes it, I will come with you every day to enjoy them.
Your Highness, Heavenly Lord has recently ordered
that Your Highness is not to step out of the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
Your Highness has slept for a long while again.
Nai Nai.
What day is it? How come I am always so drowsy?
It must be because you are pregnant, so you are exceptionally sleepy.
Your Highness, the Crown Prince has come to visit you.
Ye Hua has come?
Are the stars bright tonight?
Su Su, have you forgotten there is no day and night in the Celestial Palace?
I will soon be officially conferred the title of Crown Prince.
We will be able to marry very soon.
Once you are Crown Princess
we will no longer have to consider other people's opinions
and we can begin living the life we want.
I know you are very busy. Go attend to your affairs.
I'm a bit sleepy. I'm going to sleep.
I heard from Medicine King that you have been feeling lethargic lately.
Yes.
Go to sleep then.
I will be receiving the Crown Prince's seal in a few days.
I will be struck with 36 sacred blazes and 9 holy lightning bolts.
If Su Su hears the thunder, don't tell her the truth.
I'm afraid she will worry.
Yes.
Not eating is counter-productive.
I will order someone to extend your life. I guarantee you won't die.
If I had known this day would come, I wouldn't have-
Wouldn't have what? Wouldn't have let me off?
Or, when you killed my mother, would you have killed me too?
That's correct.
The mistake I regret the most in my life
is not tearing you to pieces 70,000 years ago!
Let me tell you.
Don't think that Father loves you so very much.
You are just a worm he kept.
What do you mean?
You, Yan Zhi, and I
are his children, the Ghost Realm's princes and princess
as well as his lifesavers.
Regardless of whichever of the three of us dies
his powers increase.
The three of us are just vessels of kin used for cultivation of his powers.
When my mother gave birth to me, she discovered this secret.
That was why she was banished to the Cold Palace.
That is how you had the chance to kill her.
Trust me.
If you rescue Father, we are the first ones he will kill.
Then his powers will greatly increase
and he will seek revenge from the Celestial Tribe.
Impossible.
Father absolutely would not do that to me!
What is impossible in Grand Ziming Palace?
That is why as long as I am alive, I will surely keep you alive.
From this day forth
you will be locked here day and night
never to see the sky again.
I will take your life!
- Ghost Lord. - Ghost Lord.
Li Jing.
It's so late. You're not sleeping yet?
I want to leave the Ghost Realm to go to the mortal realm.
Yan Zhi.
I only have you, my sister.
I can pardon all your past betrayals.
I only want you to stay in Grand Ziming Palace
and be the princess.
Don't think about saving Li Yuan, or Father.
Li Yuan, you, and I all grew up together in Grand Ziming Palace.
Both sides of this feud are my family.
If you ask me to pay no heed, I cannot do it.
However, I don't want to betray you a second time.
So please let me go.
Let me leave this place.
Go.
Remember.
No matter where you go... you must stay safe and sound.
All of you, listen up.
Follow the princess.
From now on, you are her men.
Ensuring her safety is your only mission in life.
- Yes. - Yes.
Your Majesty, wine can be unhealthy. Don't drink so much.
My child.
You are the only family I have left.
Your Majesty.
Aside from our child, you also have me.
A-Yin.
A-Yin.
- A-Yin. - A-Yin?
Why do you only have A-Yin in your heart?
Si Yin, do not appear again.
Otherwise, I will pull out your tendons and tear off your skin.
- Water King of North Sea. - Water King of Eastern Sea.
Water King of West Sea.
Water King of North Sea.
Ghost Lord.
It seems all the rulers around the world have gathered here today.
Yes, yes.
The Celestial Tribe Crown Prince being awarded his seal is a major event.
Of course they would attend.
Ghost Lord.
I heard Your Highness was bestowed marriage to the Crown Prince.
Ghost Lord, you sure are well-informed.
I have to deliver these clothes to Consort Le Xu, so I won't stay to talk.
Your Highness.
What is it? Is there something else?
I just want to ask
is the lady that was at the Hall of Beautiful Youth doing well now?
Are you asking about Sister Su Su?
Yes.
She...
She was the one who made Her Highness's eyes blind.
Ghost Lord, I'm afraid you are asking the wrong person.
Shut up. Who allowed you to speak in front of Ghost Lord?
Your Highness's eyes?
It is a long story.
I believe it was unintentional on her part.
She's currently waiting for labor at the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
She will be giving birth very soon.
It was my fiery qilin who caused her injury.
I have had a guilty conscience.
Since I came to the Celestial Palace, I thought I'd ask after her.
Do not take it to heart, Your Highness.
Look at how decorous Consort Su Jin is.
Yes, yes. No wonder Heavenly Lord bestowed her to the Crown Prince.
Only a woman like this
is worthy of assisting our Celestial Tribe's heir apparent.
Fiery qilin.
Go search around.
See if she is still in the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
Yes.
Your Highness, why did you sneak out again?
Medicine King said you have been in weak health lately.
You must be careful not to catch a cold.
I just wanted to bask in the sun.
The sunlight feels warm on the back of my hand. It feels particularly nice.
It is as if I can see the light again.
Your Highness.
Go.
With these regalia bestowed upon imperial grandson Ye Hua
he is conferred the title of Imperial Crown Prince
to preside over the East Palace
and to place the unity of the four seas
and the hearts of those around the world above all else.
To preside over the East Palace
and to place the unity of the four seas
and the hearts of those around the world above all else.
- Congratulations, Crown Prince. - Congratulations, Crown Prince.
Your Highness!
Your Highness, Crown Prince's investiture is today.
I heard the maids of Xiwu Palace say Heavenly Lord had already issued a decree
that after the investiture, Consort Su Jin is to be...
bestowed to Crown Prince.
It was to happen sooner or later.
But Consort Su Jin and Your Highness have an outstanding grudge.
I'm afraid if she enters Xiwu Palace, she will make your life difficult.
It won't be difficult.
I don't have much to do with Xiwu Palace anyway.
Your Highness, if Crown Prince heard that, he would be displeased.
Don't say it in the future.
Nai Nai, why do I hear thunder?
That is... in celebration for the Crown Prince.
Your Highness, what is the matter?
I might be going into labor.
I'll find the Crown Prince.
- I'll find the Crown Prince! - Don't go, Nai Nai.
Don't go. Don't go...
What should I do?
It is three months early, and there is such severe bleeding.
Your Highness, you mustn't force labor.
If my child cannot be saved, then don't think of living!
Your Highness, please spare me.
The imperial family is the root of the Ghost Realm.
If His Majesty learns I used taboo magic
to extend the life of the prince inside Your Highness's womb
and kept it from His Majesty
I would surely lose my life.
This magic was banned
because it is overly dangerous and defies the natural order.
Now that Your Highness is in premature labor
it is sufficiently clear that you must not defy nature!
Do not save this child. Let it go!
Deliver this baby for me.
No matter what method you use, you must deliver it from my womb!
He lives, you live.
He dies, you die!
Your Highness!
Congratulations to Crown Prince on officially receiving the seal.
- Rise. - Thank you, Your Highness.
Congratulations, Your Highness.
- Your Majesty. - Your Majesty.
What has you two in such a panic?
You speak first. Has something happened in the Ghost Realm?
Congratulations, Your Majesty. Ghost Queen is in labor.
Is that true?
Last night, Ghost Queen ordered me to come to Celestial Palace
to ask Your Majesty to return.
Let's go!
- Your Majesty. - Your Majesty.
What has happened?
Ghost Queen suddenly went into premature labor. It's highly dangerous.
Shaman has given orders that nobody is to enter.
All right.
I will wait here.
Congratulations on receiving the seal today, Your Highness.
I think Your Highness can return tomorrow.
No need.
Nobody is to defy Heavenly Lord's orders.
Very well. Please step up to the punishment platform, Your Highness.
