High God.
We're going to the West Sea.
The West Sea? Not Qing Qiu?
Not Qing Qiu. The West Sea. We must not delay.
We may lose a life if we are late.
High Goddess! High Goddess!
High Goddess!
High Goddess.
You said the young prince would wake up at midnight.
It's past midnight. He doesn't seem to be waking up.
Instead, his face is turning even redder.
I was extremely anxious and could think of nothing else
so that's why I came to disturb you.
When ordinary children drink fruit wine
they do sleep until the middle of the night before waking.
It seems I've overestimated A-Li.
He will probably sleep until tomorrow morning.
But look at how rosy his face is. That means the wine is wearing off.
You don't need to worry.
Don't tell me you haven't slept at all since yesterday?
Don't worry. I'll transfer some of my immortal energy to him later.
I ensure you he'll be lively again when he wakes tomorrow.
However, it would be best for him to eat some thick porridge tomorrow.
Go rest for now. Regain your energy and make some porridge tomorrow morning.
But if the young prince keeps you from sleeping peacefully...
Look at the way he is sleeping.
Even if I roll him back to Qingyun Hall
he might not even notice.
How could he bother me?
Taking care of children sure isn't easy. Ye Hua really has a lot of patience.
Come on.
The prince still hasn't awakened?
It's a shame you went through the trouble to make this porridge.
The porridge won't be good cold.
You haven't had breakfast yet, right? If you don't mind, please try my cooking.
No need.
It took me two hours to make this porridge.
It'd be a shame to throw it away.
Besides, you are going to the Heavenly Spring later.
It wouldn't be good to go on an empty stomach.
That's true. I'll have a taste then.
You are skilled indeed.
- High Goddess. - High Goddess.
What a big fuss.
The Lord of Numinous Treasures sure is thoughtful.
Your Highness.
I went for a walk this morning
and was guided here by the pure immortal energy.
I came here without realizing.
What is the matter?
Is there a special guest at the Hall of Beautiful Youth?
Your Highness, it is High Goddess Bai Qian.
The Aunt of Qing Qiu?
How come you didn't report it to my hall?
Your Highness, the Crown Prince ordered that nobody is to disturb Aunt.
No need to be afraid.
I understand you are one to follow orders.
It's just that you don't understand that I am the only consort of Xiwu Palace
and Aunt is the future Crown Princess.
By all reason, I should come to pay my respects.
Your Highness, His Highness ordered
that nobody is to come near the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
It's just that Aunt of Qing Qiu has come today.
As her junior, if I don't make my salutations and pay my respects
won't that be a violation of the Celestial Palace's etiquette?
Besides, I haven't seen the young prince in a long time.
I can take a look at him too.
But the high goddess has already left for the Realm of Supreme Purity
and the prince is still sleeping. Your Highness shouldn't go in.
The Realm of Supreme Purity?
Hasn't the Lord of Numinous Treasures' Realm of Supreme Purity
been closed for a long time?
Has it been reopened?
His Highness said the high goddess was injured in a battle in the Ghost Realm
so that's why she's gone to treat her wounds at the Heavenly Spring.
Is that so?
Then that is even more reason that I must see to this high goddess
in His Highness's stead.
I'll come back later.
When I first saw her, I also thought she was one to break the rules.
Sure enough, last night, Miao Qing from the Eastern Sea got into trouble.
I dont know what exactly she did.
I heard our lady pled for forgiveness for Miao Qing last night
and knelt for half the night in His Highness's study.
Her Highness is truly one of a kind.
She is beautiful and kind.
Yet, for some reason, His Highness does not like her.
I have been serving in Her Highness's hall for so long
but I've never seen His Highness come by even once.
Her Highness has such a hard time.
Yes, Her Highness is so kind and benevolent.
She will suffer a lot under the high goddess from Qing Qiu.
Let them finish.
Have you heard the high goddess from Qing Qiu is already 140,000 years old?
She's already 140,000 years old?
Then... Then isn't she an old woman already?
She knows no shame in her old age.
She must have used her powers to enchant His Highness.
I vaguely remember there is a rule in the Celestial Palace
that one must not make inappropriate comments about high gods.
Is that right?
- Yes. - Yes.
Those two maids are outrageous.
I am not angry
but hearing someone say such things is just not pleasant.
I do not mind too much.
However, the Celestial Palace is so large.
People must know that the rules aren't just for show.
Don't you think?
You are right.
Noise and disturbances are frowned upon in the palace.
I think these two maids are a bit too lively.
I'm afraid they aren't suited for this job.
Why don't you pick another job for them?
- Yes. - Yes.
A-Li isn't coming today.
It'll be boring being alone at the Heavenly Spring.
Wait here. I'm going to pick out a few books.
- Yes. - Yes.
Did you give wine to A-Li?
He has been sleeping since yesterday afternoon.
What happened?
I merely gave him a little too much fruit wine.
He was just drunk.
He still hasn't woken up. Why didn't you report this to me?
Why didn't you summon the Medicine King to take a look at him?
A-Li is still a child. Why are you so anxious?
When I was young, I drank Zhe Yan's wine in secret
and slept for five days without waking.
My parents didn't seem fazed.
Besides, A-Li is a boy.
If you pamper him too much, he will grow up to be effeminate.
You did not raise A-Li
so you have been regarding him as a stepson.
If he were your own son, would you still be able to say these words?
That's correct.
Such a lively and likable child couldn't be mine.
It's just a shame that the woman who gave birth to A-Li
has already jumped off Zhuxian Terrace.
What I learned at Kunlun Mountain was the way to being free and unrestrained.
Naturally, I did not learn to be kindhearted and merciful
and am unable to treat your A-Li well.
I remember Lord Ye Hua's consort is most kindhearted.
She must be able to take good care of A-Li.
Then he won't have to suffer with me.
You don't need to say such things to anger me.
You know that is not what I meant.
I was criticized by those two maids early in the morning
and now I am being scolded by the Crown Prince.
I came here to recuperate, not to be angered.
High Goddess!
Did you see who left the hall just now?
What's the matter? Speak slowly.
You should punish me. It is all my fault.
You treat the young prince so well.
Even if my lady were reborn, she would be grateful to you.
If the young prince ends up in Consort Su Jin's hands because of me
- then I... I... - You just said...
Riceball is in Su Jin's hands?
What do you mean?
I am speaking too fast.
Right after you left, Consort Su Jin arrived.
She said she was led here by the immortal energy
and came to the Hall of Beautiful Youth
to greet the honored guest and visit the young prince.
But 300 years ago, His Highness said
Consort Su Jin is not allowed to come near the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
She has abided by the rule all these years.
But for some reason, she suddenly came by today.
I was able to block her.
I just went to the back to fetch water
and now the young prince is gone!
Don't worry.
It was Ye Hua who took Riceball. It has nothing to do with Su Jin.
Is that the truth?
Why would I lie to you?
If Su Jin had taken Riceball, I would have taken him back already.
Would I be here comforting you?
That's good, that's good.
But, it seems you are very wary of Su Jin.
Does this Su Jin
have anything to do with A-Li's mother jumping off Zhuxian Terrace?
The Heavenly Lord ordered that nobody speak of that.
The maids who knew about it
were all sent to various deity mountains
and are no longer in the Celestial Palace.
All right, you don't need to say any more. I understand.
Where are they now? Take me to them.
If Riceball is fine, I will bring him back.
Yes.
Your Highness need not worry.
The prince just has a low tolerance. He is not in any danger.
He just needs to soak in this sobering bath
and he'll wake before nightfall.
What is the matter with A-Li?
Third Prince, the young prince just has a low alcohol tolerance
and had too much to drink.
- All right. You may go. - Yes.
Someone told me you rushed out of the Hall of Beautiful Youth carrying A-Li.
I thought something had happened to A-Li.
I thought that bringing Bai Qian up to Heaven
with your wedding coming soon would make you more cheerful.
But look at you now. You don't look any happier.
Is it because you're anxious about becoming a groom?
I heard High God Zhe Yan went to the West Sea
to treat the Water King's eldest son's illness.
Heavenly Lord, Zhe Yan is currently at my Crystal Palace.
You are very fortunate.
When Ye Hua was severely ill
it was thanks to Zhe Yan's medical expertise
that Ye Hua's life was saved.
It seems your eldest son will recover soon.
Thank you for Your Majesty's auspicious words.
Where is Dijun? How come he isnt back yet?
Heavenly Lord, by Dijun's orders
he is to live 60 years in the Mortal Realm
to experience all the hardships of the Mortal Realm.
It has only been 40 days. He still has 20 days left.
Is he satisfied with what is written in your Book of Destiny?
I can't say if he is satisfied, but there are enough setbacks in store.
All the difficulties Dijun wants to experience must be provided to him.
Is that so?
At this moment in the Mortal Realm
Dijun is traveling in disguise
meets with misfortune, and is attacked by assassins.
Attacked by assassins?
That one is good.
When Dijun was God of Heaven and Earth, he was never defeated.
Nobody would dare offend him.
Now that he is in the Mortal Realm
let him have a taste of misfortune
and being attacked by assassins.
Feng Jiu, take care.
Jiu'er, Jiu'er!
Dijun, it hurts.
Dijun?
Jiu'er, who are you calling out to?
I am calling out to Dijun.
Who is this Dijun she speaks of?
Never mind. Let's not worry about him for now.
Jiu'er.
If it hurts, why don't you cry?
Before I entered the palace
I was closest with my aunt.
Aunt would often teach me
that I may be a woman
but I must be unafraid of death
and protect the ones I want to protect.
Feng Jiu, you are a princess of Qing Qiu.
In the future, you will be inheriting my throne
and protecting the people of Qing Qiu.
How can you cry so easily?
Jiu'er.
I am the man who will protect you.
No...
If you do not kill me tonight
then I will kill you by my sword!
There's nothing suspicious. They are just normal mortals.
There really has been a murder!
You and you! Go see if there are any left alive!
- Yes! - Yes!
Where can I find a physician? Where is there a physician?
Physician! Physician!
Miss, do you know where I can find a physician?
Dijun.
Jiu'er.
Tell me.
Who is this Dijun you speak of?
It is you, Dijun.
On the day you saved my life
I started to like you.
I like you so very much.
Dijun.
You have to promise me.
No matter what
you must not forget our promise of two years.
Promise of two years?
That is indeed between me and Jiu'er.
But Dijun...
Could it be that in Jiu'er's hometown
they call the emperor by the name Dijun?
Jiu'er.
Don't be afraid.
Whether I live isn't important.
I am just afraid
you will forget me once I die.
You... You will not die.
You will not die.
Hero... hero...
Be careful. Your sword can kill.
Yan Zhi.
Where did you find her?
While I was out, I saw she was gravely injured
so I brought her back here.
She is from the Nine-tailed Fox Clan.
How do you know that?
Even if I can't see
I can recognize the Nine-tailed Fox Clan by their scent.
Yan Zhi, is she especially young?
Yes.
There is only one girl in the younger generation of the Nine-tailed Fox Clan.
Her name is Bai Feng Jiu.
If my guess is right
she is Bai Feng Jiu, niece of Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
Bai Feng Jiu?
She was born after I left Qing Qiu.
Although I have never met her
I know Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu has a plumed cockscomb on her forehead.
Yes, there is a birthmark.
It's red and looks similar to a plumed cockscomb flower.
Did you bring her here to do something to her?
No, Sister-in-law. I did not know who she was.
I just brought her back to treat her injuries.
I didn't know she was a princess of Qing Qiu.
That's good.
Even if you brought her back by coincidence
it was her aunt, Bai Qian
who took away my beauty out of hatred for me.
Good, very good.
She has been sent to me.
Son.
Bear with it for now.
Use this woman's body to wake up.
I will find a fitting immortal's body for you later.
What did you say? What are you going to do?
What am I going to do?
I'm going to use this woman's body
to wake my Ying'er.
You cannot do that.
Yan Zhi.
Don't you want to see your nephew wake up?
Only by using a high immortal's body can my son wake up.
Yan Zhi.
This is a chance given to us by the Heavens!
I won't allow you to use this sort of ancient sorcery.
Sister-in-law, just let him go and bury him.
On the day he was born, he was already...
He was already dead.
No, no! He isn't dead!
He is just sleeping. He just won't wake up.
Even if his father doesn't want him, I want him to live!
I risked my life to give birth to Ying'er.
He must live!
Sister-in-law, I didn't want to tell you so soon
but it seems there is no other option now.
Do you know of divine fungal grass?
Divine fungal grass?
In the Celestial Tribe
divine fungal grass is a miraculous plant that purifies immortal energy.
It is also a sacred item in the Celestial Tribe for cultivation practice.
Those of the Celestial Tribe
use it to transfer their cultivation to save others.
I think since he is half immortal
as long as we have this sacred item from the Celestial Tribe
perhaps he may have a chance at waking.
Divine fungal grass?
How come I have never heard it mentioned
and how come nobody has ever told me about it?
I only heard Father mention it by chance.
As long as we get divine fungal grass
then I can transfer my cultivation to him.
Then he may have a chance to live.
Since it is a sacred item of the Celestial Tribe
it must be strictly guarded.
Will you really take me there?
Trust me. I will take you there.
For the sake of Li Jing's child, I am willing to give it a try.
So, you must let me save Bai Feng Jiu first.
Even if Bai Qian wronged you
Bai Feng Jiu has never harmed you.
After I save her, we'll head out to Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea.
I don't know if she is speaking the truth.
Now that I am not the Ghost Queen
I cannot find myself a high immortal's body.
This is a rare chance in front of me.
- Sister-in-law? - I am right outside.
If you have any evil intentions
I will take your life right now.
Sister-in-law, what's the matter?
It's nothing. I think you are right.
I've thought it through.
I am the Ghost Realm's princess
but I have no home to return to and am wandering the Mortal Realm.
You are Qing Qiu's princess. Why have you come here?
Is what she said true?
It's impossible. Why would she be so nice?
No, I don't care what she is up to.
If I follow her
there will come a moment when Zi Lan cannot protect her.
If I really must, I will risk my life to kill her
so Qing Cang can break out of the Bell of the East Emperor's seal.
My baby, when your grandfather comes out, he will definitely like you.
He will definitely save you.
Little Mute, tell him I'm a good person.
Your wife is awake. Go see her.
My goodness, I was so scared.
Why are you here?
There was a murder case on the outskirts of town.
I originally came to investigate the case.
Then I heard you brought back a man and woman who were covered in blood.
I was worried about you.
How long have we known each other?
About five years.
Already? I've been here for five years already?
It's time to move again.
Move? Where are you moving to?
Anywhere will do.
North, south, east, west. I'll head in a random direction.
Then... I'll go with you.
You'll go with me?
You're a woman. You need a man to protect you.
I have no parents anyway. I'll go with you wherever you want to go.
I'll protect you.
Surround them.
- Yes. - Yes.
Your Majesty, I am late to rescue you. The Heavens protected Your Majesty.
I was late to rescue you. Allow me to die as an apology.
I am not a merciful emperor.
Cao Jing plotted a rebellion.
Not only must his entire clan be slaughtered
but all high and low officials, merchants, and civilians
who have had any interaction with the Cao clan in the past 20 years
must be interrogated.
The case must be thoroughly investigated!
Your Majesty, is... the Crown Prince to be interrogated as well?
Yes.
Your Majesty.
If you are tired, then sleep more.
I have slept for a long while already. I've slept so much that my head aches.
Jiu'er.
- This arrow... - Your Majesty need not speak of it.
Your Majesty just needs to remember that I took this arrow willingly.
I do not need any rewards.
I only ask that Your Majesty remember me
and keep me in your heart for all lifetimes.
Are you looking for the bells?
Has Your Majesty seen them?
I kept them.
Good, that's good.
Can Your Majesty bring them to me?
What is this?
This is the arrow that wounded you.
Your Majesty kept it?
I am not just keeping it.
I will keep it for the rest of my life.
This bell...
You have always worn it all the time that you have been with me.
Is it very important?
It was given to me by someone who is very important to me.
Si Ming, come here.
What orders do you have, Third Prince?
I heard Miao Qing of the Eastern Sea was sent back?
I do not know of Xiwu Palace's affairs.
Is there anything you don't know about in the Celestial Palace?
It's rumored that the princess
put an aphrodisiac into the Crown Prince's soup last night.
The Crown Prince discovered it
and Consort Su Jin came over to plead for forgiveness.
It was at that moment that Qing Qiu's Aunt arrived.
With Aunt's word
the Crown Prince immediately sent the princess out of Xiwu Palace.
That's the rumor.
Problems arise wherever there are women.
Yes.
It's a good thing Mo Yuan did not accept female disciples. If he had...
Who knows what would have happened to Kunlun Mountain?
Yes.
This is the Book of Destiny?
Let me see how Dijun is attacked by assassins.
All right.
This isn't right.
What isn't right?
Dijun has survived the assassination
but there are a lot of words missing here.
Look at this empty space.
Could it be that someone from the Celestial Tribe or the Ghost Tribe
has appeared near Dijun?
It's all right as long as Dijun is safe. This isn't a big issue. Don't worry.
If he does encounter someone, that is fate.
It's not something you or I can control.
Let's go.
- High Goddess. - How is Riceball now?
The young prince has woken up.
If he's awake, why hasn't he returned with you?
His Highness said the prince was in a sobering bath
and will remain in Zichen Hall tonight.
So he's not coming back tonight?
Never mind. I'll go take a look.
Queen of Qing Qiu?
Unmarried women don't know how to take care of children.
A-Li is so young.
He was given so much wine and slept for a whole day and night.
She doesn't even feel guilty.
When she marries into Xiwu Palace, I'm afraid A-Li will have a hard time.
Most people in Qing Qiu are good at drinking wine.
She did not do it intentionally.
Yes, Mother thought I liked to drink
so she allowed me to drink a bit too much.
Mother? Who taught you that? Was it High Goddess Bai Qian?
She is Mother, the one in Father's painting.
The painting?
Your Highness, I was also shocked when I saw Aunt a few days ago.
She does look very similar.
I always hoped you would forget what happened 300 years ago.
Now that you are interested in this high goddess
I am unexpectedly feeling uneasy.
