Crown Prince!
Crown Prince, I had a hard time finding you!
Didn't you wake up in Xiwu Palace?
I don't know.
I woke up on Kunlun Mountain.
How did you know that I've returned?
I checked the Book of Destiny.
I realized that your mortal self was so lovesick
that you died young from illness.
It's good that you've returned.
Trouble is brewing in the Grand Hall.
Please come with me immediately!
What happened?
High God Bai Qian of Qing Qiu barged into Xiwu Palace
and vanished after digging out Lady Su Jin's eyes.
Qing Qiu's Little Princess rushed in and had an argument with Lady Su Jin.
One said that Qing Qiu bullied her
and the other claimed that Lady Su Jin framed High God Bai Qian.
It's a mess.
Qian Qian took away Su Jin's eyes?
Yes.
Qian Qian...
Your Highness, you can't leave.
Lord Dong Hua said that only you could resolve this issue.
All right, I need you to bring three people here.
My Uncle Sang Ji, Lian Song, and Yuan Zhen
who just finished his trial in the Mortal Realm.
Yes.
There's one more.
It's a figurine called Su Su who served my mother in the Mortal Realm.
Su Su?
I'll get it done right away.
Crown Prince.
I wonder why you asked to see me so urgently?
Today, I'll uphold justice for Yuan Zhen and redress his case.
Forget it.
Yuan Zhen has already returned from his trial.
High God Bai Qian had also kept him safe in the Mortal Realm.
As for the case...
We don't need it redressed.
I know that Father punished Yuan Zhen
because even after I was demoted to Water King of the North Sea
I still doted on Shao Xing greatly.
He was just too angry and wanted to teach me a lesson.
In fact, as his son, I hurt him so deeply.
There's not much to say now that my son had to pay for my sin.
Ye Hua, I'm grateful for your kindness.
Uncle Sang Ji, have you considered that
if we don't get this case straightened out today
Yuan Zhen or even your other children will still continue to suffer from it?
What will you do then?
This is...
Brother Sang Ji, Ye Hua is right.
We should always set things straight.
Otherwise... It's unfair to Yuan Zhen.
Sure!
Once we get to the Grand Hall I'll do whatever you have me do.
Just tell the truth, all right?
Yes.
Crown Prince, is this the right person?
Yes, it's her.
Let's go in.
Qing Qiu's Bai Qian threatened me
to seek punishment from Heavenly Lord to guard the...
Guard the Bell of East Emperor that imprisons Qing Cang by Ruoshui Riverbank
and never return to the heavens, right?
Yes!
Don't stand on ceremony.
Crown Prince, you've returned?
I happened to make it back today.
I've heard that there was a problem in the Grand Hall
so I came to take a look.
You should be present.
This is after all an issue of your harem, but I ended up having to handle it.
It has put me in a tight spot.
Yes.
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua, you must uphold justice for me!
Ye Hua...
Don't worry. I'm here to uphold justice.
Your Highness.
Who are you?
It's me, Your Highness.
I don't know you.
Don't address me!
Your Highness.
Who is she?
I don't know her!
Send her away!
Don't let her come near me!
Make her leave!
This is...
She's a figurine?
Heavenly Lord.
Ye Hua, what is this about?
When I'm going through my trial in the Mortal Realm
Su Jin made this figurine to seduce me.
According to the celestial law how would Father punish her?
It's the crime of seducing an apparent heir
of the celestial tribe with witchcraft.
She is to be stripped of her celestial status
banished to tiryagyoni-gati to be reborn as animal.
Mark that down.
Yes.
No!
I didn't make this figurine!
I didn't make it... It wasn't me...
Why would Water King of the North Sea have the time
to bring your eldest son to the Grand Hall today?
I'm here for Yuan Zhen's wrongly accused crime.
Wrongly accused?
You mean that I've misjudged his case?
Yuan Zhen, tell them what happened that day.
Yes.
Yuan Zhen greets Heavenly Lord Lord Dong Hua, and my uncles.
Don't bother with the formalities.
Just tell the truth.
Since I'm here today, I'll uphold justice for you.
Yes.
I never molested Lady Su Jin.
That day on Heavenly Lord's birthday
I came here with Father for the birthday celebration.
Father went to meet Heavenly Lord so he had me wait outside the hall.
Lady Su Jin approached me.
She said that Heavenly Lord is actually at Xiwu Palace.
She even smiled and said that she could take me there.
Then Lady Su Jin knocked me out with her magical powers.
She even fed me wine and tore off my clothes.
When I woke up
Lady Su Jin was already crying and accusing me of molesting her.
It was a huge mess then so I just sat there dazed
until she brought out the white linen to hang herself.
That was when Heavenly Lord walked in.
That was it.
I've finished my story.
You told it well.
It's very clear.
Su Jin, what do you have to say to that?
He's lying!
He was drunk and barged into my slumber hall to lay his hands on me.
He lied!
Yuan Zhen, how many times had you been to the Celestial Palace?
That was my first visit.
Su Jin, you think that someone who came to the Nine Heavens for the first time
would be able to locate Xiwu Palace and then find your slumber hall
among the many other slumber halls in Xiwu Palace to molest you?
If you can't come up with any reasons, don't speak.
Consort Le Xu, how should she be punished
for framing the grandson of Heavenly Lord?
She is to be stripped of her celestial status
banished to tiryagyoni-gati to be reborn as an animal.
- Star Lord. - Present.
- Note that down. - Yes.
We haven't even tried her for High God Bai Qian's case.
And she already guilty of so many crimes?
No! Lord Dong Hua!
Lord Dong Hua, you've wronged me!
You've conspired with Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu to frame me!
You set me up!
- You set me up! - How atrocious!
Heavenly Lord!
You have to uphold justice for me Heavenly Lord!
They are all villains!
You mustn't believe in them!
They conspired to frame me!
They framed me, Heavenly Lord!
You mean to say that I'm also a villain who plays up to those in power?
As my side consort, what is your crime for slandering your husband?
That is a severe crime.
That's more severe than the two former crimes.
Su Jin, you'd better think it through.
No, I...
Ye Hua...
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua...
Ye Hua!
You can't be so cruel to me!
You can't!
Have you forgotten?
I grew up with you.
I was...
I was just too flustered.
I panicked.
Ye Hua, you can't slander me like they did!
You can't!
I'm the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
I'd never side with anyone.
Even if I were to side with anyone shouldn't it be my side consort?
No!
You never take my side!
Never! Not once!
You've always pushed me away no matter how well I treat you...
It doesn't matter how well I treat you!
Do we still need to go on with this?
Judging by High God Bai Qian's character and this woman's tainted criminal record
if we were to go on with this hearing
I'm afraid that Qing Qiu will bear a grudge against us
for believing in such a woman and accusing the Queen of Qing Qiu.
Indeed. This hearing need not continue.
Su Jin...
You've disappointed me.
I am utterly disappointed.
I think that Lord Dong Hua is right.
Fortunately, all who are present in the Grand Hall today
are our own family members so this has yet to cause a bigger impact.
As the foster father of Su Jin
I'm ashamed to have raised such a woman.
Father, please make a decree to punish Su Jin immediately
so as to prevent further trouble.
I concur. I'm speechless.
I concur.
Uncles!
Uncles!
Uncles, you can't do this to me!
You can't treat me so!
Uncles, look! I'm a princess of the Nine Heavens!
Uncles...
Uncles...
Have you forgotten about my parents?
They sacrificed themselves to save you!
Have you forgotten about that?
Look at you!
How could you face your loyal parents?
Su Jin, considering that you're the offspring of a faithful clan
I won't punish you for seducing Ye Hua with a bewitched figurine.
However, for the crimes concerning Yuan Zhen and High God Bai Qian
you have to be punished.
Today, you should volunteer to guard Ruoshui.
Take her away!
No, Heavenly Lord!
I don't want to go there!
- I won't go there! I won't! - Your Highness...
Heavenly Lord!
- Ye Hua! - Your Highness...
- I won't leave! - Your Highness...
Ye Hua.
Your wedding with High God Bai Qian shouldn't be postponed any longer.
I'll arrange to meet the Fox King and decide on a date
to marry her into the Nine Heavens soon.
I accept the decree.
Congratulations, Crown Prince!
Ye Hua.
What is it, Mother?
I never would have thought that Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
could be that mortal, Su Su from 300 years ago.
Although it is for the friendship between Qing Qiu
and the Celestial Tribe that you have to marry her
I still feel that you've suffered many grievances.
What do you have in mind about the wedding date?
The second of September.
What?
Qian Qian said that the second of September is a good day for everything.
She wishes to hold our wedding on that day.
Mother, rest assured.
Despite everything that happened
she's still the one I have been waiting for.
I don't want anyone else but her.
All right.
I'll make the arrangements.
What is it?
Is there some other matter?
I have a question for you.
Ask away.
If...
I said if.
If you didn't remove your name from the Rock of Three Incarnations
would you have fallen for me?
You haven't answered me yet!
I told you to ask the question, but I didn't say that I'll answer you.
Why are you following me around?
If you don't answer me I'll keep following you around.
By all means, do so.
Is Your Lordship still going to Ruoshui?
Head back to my study first.
Yes.
From this day forth Qing Qiu is closed to all.
I will see no one.
Yes, Auntie.
That's not right.
What about Little Princess?
It's best not to disturb Auntie.
Anyway, with that temperament of hers Little Princess can get by anywhere.
Crown Prince, our Auntie drank a lot of wine and fallen asleep.
She's given orders that none is allowed into her Fox Den.
Pass a message to her.
Tell her that I'll wait out here until she's willing to see me.
Yes.
My Lord, I've already built the ritual platform
in front of the Grand Hall.
Good, very good.
Fortunately, you managed to finish it within seven days.
It's also fortunate that
my father still hasn't broken out of the Bell of East Emperor.
It's been 70,000 years.
Hundred thousands of our warriors died in the battle of Ruoshui Riverbank.
Whose fault was that?
The Celestial Tribe!
We offered our best food, the most beautiful ladies
and our largest, most luminous pearls!
Think about it! Think long and hard!
When the Old Ghost Lord was in reign did we ever had to suffer so?
- Exactly! - That never happened!
- Am I right? - Yes...
Yes! Exactly!
Look up at the sky!
Such strange sightings are the signs that our true Ghost Lord is about to return!
Our Old Ghost Lord will eventually return with his crimson hellfire
to defeat the Celestial Tribe and conquer all realms!
Ghost Lord, abdicate the throne!
Ghost Lord, abdicate the throne!
My Lord, there are many rebels gathered outside Grand Ziming Palace.
What should we do?
What you need to do next is to safeguard Grand Ziming Palace
for the next seven days.
I need to use these seven days to disperse the crimson clouds
and restore peace to the Ghost Realm.
Father, since you used your children as your power vessels
You should have known that such a day would come.
Only our blood could summon your spirit.
Please return to Grand Ziming Palace.
The place you once held as the Ghost Lord.
Put an end to all this with your son, Li Jing.
Be it my mother's life or that of Li Yuan
we should both put an end to this once and for all.
Li Jing!
Treacherous son!
How dare you use your blood to summon my spirit!
What are you going to do?
I never should have spared such a treacherous son 70,000 years ago!
Why have all of you come to Ruoshui?
How could I help you?
This is the fairy, Su Jin.
She volunteered to the Heavenly Lord and gave up her celestial status
to train near Ruoshuo as well as guard the Bell of East Emperor.
Heavenly Lord consented to it in appreciation of her kindness
and ordered us to bring her here.
Fairy Su Jin is too kind.
I'll take my leave now.
Let's go.
Isn't that Lady Su Jin?
Yes.
Su Jin is punished for some wrongdoing and her eyes are hurt.
Heavenly Lord had her use the eyes of the North Sea's legendary fish
so that she could at least get around.
Has the Crown Prince returned?
He has returned but he's now in Qing Qiu.
Qing Qiu?
His Highness just returned from the Mortal Realm
so he must have gone to Qing Qiu
to discuss the wedding with High God Bai Qian.
All right, you may head back now.
Yes.
Ye Hua...
I love you.
I want to be with you forever.
Back then, I didn't know what I truly felt for you.
Don't take what I said then to heart.
Now that we share a mutual affection the engagement can't be canceled.
Auntie, His Highness has been waiting outside the Fox Den for seven days.
He insists on seeing you.
I acted upon your orders so I don't dare to let anyone in.
Not even the Crown Prince.
However, it's been seven days
and His Highness doesn't seem to be leaving anytime soon.
I can't make any decision so I came in to ask you what I should do.
Ye Hua...
300 years ago, did you only marry me because Su Ji betrayed you?
Have you ever truly loved me?
If you do love me how deeply do you love me?
If I weren't tricked into jumping off the Zhuxian Terrace
would you have willingly married Su Jin?
Are you now so deeply devoted to me because of that guilt from 300 years ago?
What if he admitted to all that?
What if he said that were all true?
Auntie, will you see him or not?
I won't see him.
Tell him never to come to Qing Qiu again.
I'll go to the Heavenly Lord tomorrow to break off the engagement.
Yes.
Crown Prince.
My Auntie said...
She still refuses to see me?
Not exactly.
She's just too drunk, so she didn't pay much attention to me.
Your Highness has been here for seven days already.
Why don't you head back?
I'll inform you when she's sober.
I'm not going anywhere.
Let me get you an umbrella first.
- It might rain soon... - Don't bother.
I'll take my leave now.
Mi Gu.
What is it, Your Highness?
Pass on a message for me.
Please do tell.
Before I went for my trial in the Mortal Realm
your Auntie told me that
should my mortal self get into any relationships
she would snatch me back to lock up in her Fox Den.
If the maid I brought home to serve my mortal mother
counts as a relationship
could you ask her if what she said to me still counts?
I'll pass on your message to her.
Auntie.
His Highness asked me to pass on a message to you.
You said that if he gets into any relationships as a mortal
you would lock him up in Qing Qiu.
If the maid he brought home to serve his mother
is considered as a relationship, do your words still count?
No!
No matter what excuses he has, it doesn't count!
Make him leave!
I don't ever want to see him again!
Auntie, calm down. Appease your anger.
Get out! Leave now!
Your Highness suffers from new injuries and old ailment.
There's not enough cultivation to protect your body.
You can't stay out in the rain.
Take the umbrella away.
Your Highness...
Take it away!
Your Crown Prince stood there like that for seven days?
Exactly, High God.
Please try to talk Auntie around.
Only the both of you know that His Highness almost died
from losing am arm and using up his cultivation
to make the elixir for High God Mo Yuan.
If it weren't for High God Zhe Yan he would have died.
If this goes on he might really die young.
Knock wood!
What nonsense is that?
Don't jinx my brother-in-law.
High God, does that mean you could persuade Auntie?
No, I can't.
Why not?
Jia Yun, you're not married yet?
Not yet.
The argument between a married couple is strictly between them.
No other advice from anyone would have helped.
It would only make it worse.
Exactly.
We can't help much.
Not even his own son.
Let's just wait and see.
Wait and see?
Wait till Qian Qian figures her heart out.
Do you think it's that easy to marry the Queen of Qing Qiu?
Among us four brothers we only have one baby sister.
She happens to be very stubborn.
She's also a high god.
She suffered so much then and even had her eyes dug out.
She will surely be upset for a few days.
Don't worry.
She'll get over it in a few days.
What if she never gets over it?
That's not possible.
We know how she is with Ye Hua.
High Gods, please rest soon.
I'll take my leave now.
How is the Bell of East Emperor?
Your Lordship.
It's been raining heavily at Ruoshui Riverbank for ten days.
What could be the problem?
Would you like to ask the Crown Prince?
Since he's kept an eye on Ruoshui all this time
he might already know about some bad news?
Where is Ye Hua?
He's... in Qing Qiu.
That's right.
He should be in Qing Qiu.
Doesn't absence make the heart grow fonder?
Yes.
Forget it.
I can only set my mind at ease if I see for myself.
- Star Lord. - Present.
Whatever happens you must keep the Little Princess safe.
Yes.
Father, stop struggling.
Come back to the desolate Ghost Realm and vacant Grand Ziming Palace
that the battle made bleak 70,000 years ago.
Treacherous son!
Do you want me to kill you?
- Lord Dong Hua. - How was it last night?
The strong currents raged on and dark clouds swept in.
Such a sight disturbed me greatly.
Now that I've lost my powers I can't investigate into the bell.
Judging by this phenomena
it's highly likely that Qing Cang's spirit has consolidated
and is about to break out of the bell.
If we're to look inside the bell we'll need to use soul-tracking magic.
I'm not capable of such magic either.
Head over to Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods now
and invite High God Zhe Yan.
Yes.
Your Lordship, I can use the soul-tracking magic.
You?
Auntie and Zhe Yan taught me when we were in the woods.
I know how to conduct it.
Besides, you lost your powers because of me in the Mortal Realm...
I should handle this matter.
Don't hesitate.
Just let me do it.
Lord Dong Hua, there's no spirit in it!
What?
It might be that I'm not skilled enough.
Let me try it again.
Treacherous son!
How dare you imprison my spirit!
Father, how have you been?
Don't forget.
Only your spirit is here so you can't touch me.
My biggest mistake was letting you off 70,000 years ago!
You're wrong!
Your biggest mistake was raising me.
You wanted to use me to boost your powers, right?
You raised children to serve as your power vessels.
What father can be more cruel than you?
You exhausted all resources and thousands of our soldiers in one night!
You deserve to be killed!
You used your children to store your powers. How cruel.
You deserve to be killed!
You know that crimson hellfire would destroy all realms
and yet you didn't hesitate to drag everyone down with you!
You deserve to be killed!
Treacherous son!
Have you forgotten that I've raised you?
Have you forgotten that my blood runs in your veins?
You want to kill your father?
How monstrous!
You've used up all your blood to summon my spirit.
How much longer could you live?
Good!
Then the both of us will die here today.
Double Crescent Halberd?
You didn't think of that?
My spirit might not be able to hurt you, but this Double Crescent Halberd will.
Li Jing, I'll take your life!
