That's because I was too silly.
I thought that I shouldn't be too concerned about his past.
But then when I saw him recognize that woman instead of me...
I knew then that the one on his mind isn't me, it's her.
I know that he loved that woman more deeply than he loves me.
Perhaps it was because I had my eyes covered
and resembled his deceased wife that he fell for me.
Auntie, why don't you ask the Crown Prince when he returns?
If he really took you for a substitute, we'll break off the engagement.
I've never seen you so upset.
Fourth Uncle said that when Mo Yuan was vanquished
you were as good as half-dead.
But you seem even worse than that today.
I can't bear to see you like this.
That's enough.
I'd like to be left alone.
Auntie, you really don't want me to keep you company?
We could just chat.
That's enough. Don't say another word!
I'm just trapped in my own thoughts so I'm hard on myself.
Auntie, for the sake of Qing Qiu, you must take care of yourself.
For the sake of Qing Qiu?
Yes...
If I break this engagement off...
all I can do is return to Qing Qiu as the Queen.
Leave now.
Yes.
Why is the light so strong...
I don't believe that I can't put your light out.
Since we've made our vows to the Lakes of the Far East
we have to stay as a married couple for life.
Ye Hua!
The Nine Heavens is not a place for a woman like you!
Just jump off Zhuxian Terrace and go back to where you came from.
Ye Hua, believe me. I didn't push her!
- I didn't push her! - Su Su...
I couldn't protect you.
I'll marry you and be your eyes from now on.
No... Ye Hua... I didn't do it.
Why do I have to pay the price for it?
Let me go and I'll let you go as well.
We don't owe each other anymore.
Su Su...
Ye Hua... I'm actually Su Su.
Su Su is me.
Auntie, you're having more wine?
Auntie, what's wrong?
Leave now.
Master must have been bewitched.
He kept looking for some celestial land called Qing Qiu.
He rejected all the offers of marriage
and enraged Old Madam so much that she died of illness.
I've heard from a traveling Taoist that Qing Qiu is the den of fox spirits!
Could our master be bewitched by a fox spirit?
You shouldn't gossip behind our master's back.
Miss, all these years
Old Madam tried to send you into our master's room by force.
You turned her down each time.
It hasn't been easy for you either.
Master is a faithful man.
The deity of Qing Qiu is the only woman on his mind.
Not me.
Auntie, would you care to wash your face?
Feng Jiu...
Back in the Nine Heavens
did you visit the Hall of Beautiful Youth as a little fox?
Yes, indeed.
When Su Su was pregnant and no one was there to accompany her
were you the only one by her side?
Su Su...
When she was first captured by Heavenly Lord to the palace
you went to scare her?
Is that because you thought that she stole your aunt's fiancee?
How did you know about that?
No one else knew apart from me, Lord Dong Hua, and Star Lord.
That's because I'm Riceball's mortal mother.
Auntie, are you drunk?
I know that you're mad at the Crown Prince
for having Su Su on his mind.
But you're the Queen of Qing Qiu and Su Su was a mortal.
How could she be compared to you?
Su Su is just Su Su and you are you!
That was a heavenly trial I endured before I ascended to High God.
Ye Hua and I...
That was my relationship trial.
Auntie, where are you going?
Auntie...
Auntie!
Auntie, mind your health.
You've been drinking for seven or eight days.
There's no wine left in the cellar.
If you ask for more wine I won't give it to you.
I feel just fine.
Was that just talk or were you serious about it?
I'm certainly sure of it.
I just recalled another important matter.
Auntie, what can you recall when you're half drunk?
When I was made a mortal for my relationship trial
Su Jin robbed me of my eyes.
Now that I'm done with my heavenly trial
it seems inappropriate to keep my eyes in her sockets.
She must be uneasy keeping those eyes of mine.
Shouldn't I go and get them back?
Auntie, that's drunk talk.
When did Lady Su Jin owe you a pair of eyes?
You don't know a thing so I won't explain it to you.
Xiao Jiu, tell me.
Shouldn't I get my eyes back?
If Auntie really was Su Su
you endured such grievances in the Celestial Palace.
You should get your eyes back.
I'll be right back.
Don't come after me!
If Auntie really was Su Su that is simply tragic.
What is tragic?
You don't have a clue.
Su Su was treated poorly and ignored in the Celestial Palace.
She was even wronged...
Anyway, it was just tragic!
If it were that tragic it's only right to take her eyes back.
Exactly.
No, it's too dangerous.
I can't let Auntie be at a disadvantage again.
If she's picking a fight in the Nine Heavens
how could I not assist her?
Auntie!
Auntie!
Who are you to keep out the Queen of Qing Qiu?
Greetings to Auntie!
Don't stand on ceremony.
You can't recognize me?
It's my fault that I'd only stayed in Taichen Palace
so you can't recognize me.
Step aside! Let me in!
The Nine Heavens isn't just any place you can barge in.
You mentioned Taichen Palace to scare us off with Lord Dong Hua?
Step aside now!
I'm the princess of Qing Qiu Bai Feng Jiu!
If you had introduced yourself first we might have believed you.
Yet now the Queen of Qing Qiu had just entered and here comes the princess.
How could there be such a coincidence?
This is so frustrating!
Listen up!
Should any mishap befall upon the future Heavenly Empress
the Crown Prince will have you punished!
High God!
High God, my mistress is...
Su Jin is surprised by High God's sudden visit.
I suppose that you're here to ask me about His Highness's recent news.
Speaking of His Highness...
That fake Su Su gets along with him and takes good care of him.
That's very good.
I'm much relieved that you've attended to Ye Hua.
Therefore, today I'm here to attend to you.
Su Jin, you've been using my eyes for 300 years.
Are they any good?
You...
What did you just say?
What is it?
You've been using this pair of eyes for so long
that you forgot where you got them from?
300 years ago...
I had a relationship trial.
My eyes were lost here.
It dawned on me, so I've come to retrieve them.
You...
You're Su Su?
Will you do it yourself?
Or will you have me do it for you?
That's impossible...
How could you be...
That's impossible...
That's not possible...
It's impossible...
Will you dig them out yourself or will you have me do it?
That woman...
She was just a mortal!
She couldn't be you...
She was just a mortal...
She couldn't be you... She can't be...
What does it matter if she's a mortal or a deity?
Just because I acted cowardly as a mortal 300 years ago
doesn't mean that a puny deity like you can dig my eyes out
and trick me into jumping off the Zhuxian Terrace!
It seems that you can't bear to do it yourself.
There have been a couple of joyous occasions lately
so I drank a bit too much.
My hands now tremble slightly.
It might hurt a bit more when I dig them out.
Do bear with me.
Don't dig out my eyes!
Don't dig out my eyes!
Fine.
300 years ago, you were just as pretentious.
Whenever I saw you you were always acting frail.
Could you not impress me by showing me
how you are when you're not a weakling?
When Ye Hua took my eyes away
he told me that we all have to pay for what we owe.
We both know very well how you lost your eyes in the first place.
We also know very well how my eyes ended up in your eye sockets.
I've been meaning to ask you.
Why can't I take back what was originally mine?
How did my eyes become yours
just because they were kept with you for 300 years?
The Heavenly Lord concluded this case quietly 300 years ago.
I'll get this done quietly.
You owe me two times.
Once for my eyes...
Then there was that accident at the Zhuxian Terrace.
The debt of my eyes is now paid.
As for the accident at the Zhuxian Terrace...
It's either you jumped off the Zhuxian Terrace properly...
Or you could tell the Heavenly Lord that you're willing to use your feeble powers
to guard the Bell of East Emperor that imprisoned Qing Cang.
You are never to step inside the Celestial Palace again.
No...
No... Never!
Well done.
You finally acted tough for once?
You mean you'd rather I speak to the Heavenly Lord myself?
You should know how I am.
I change my mind quickly.
I might not suggest the same punishment to the Heavenly Lord.
What goes around comes around.
Go to the Medicine King.
Your Highness!
Your Highness!
Your Highness...
Your Highness...
Bai Qian!
I won't let this go!
While Ye Hua is away from the Celestial Palace
he has his guard, Tian Shu watch over Ruoshui.
Could it be that there's some sort of a problem?
I reckon that since His Highness's wedding is coming up soon
he's worried about any disturbances in the Ghost Tribe.
After all, Ruoshui River is the border of the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe.
It's best to keep it guarded.
It can't be that simple.
Your Lordship suspects that it concerns the Bell of East Emperor?
If you're right, then it is a huge issue.
The Crown Prince shouldn't keep it from anyone.
If Ye Hua kept it to himself he must have his reasons.
Come with me to Ruoshui.
Yes.
This is really annoying!
How could the both of you not know who I am?
I'm such good friends with Star Lord of Destiny and Lady Cheng Yu!
If you don't believe me you can bring them here.
I'm Bai Feng Qiu of Qing Qiu!
The Little Princess of Qing Qiu!
That seems to be the Little Princess?
You can't barge into the Nine Heavens.
Miss, stop insisting.
Go and take a look.
Yes.
Little Princess.
What brings you to the Nine Heavens today?
Star Lord, tell them who I am.
The Little Princess of Qing Qiu.
Gentlemen, do let her through.
Lord Dong Hua is waiting for Her Highness in Taichen Palace.
Don't try anything silly.
The celestial law is very rigid.
Even Lord Dong Hua can't help you.
I'm not!
My aunt came here for Lady Su Jin.
I can't let her lose!
What?
My aunt is actually the mortal Su Su whom the Crown Prince loved deeply.
High God is Su Su?
Do not deceive me.
I am not! Seriously!
My aunt broke the Soul-gathering Lamp and remembered her forgotten past.
She said that she became Su Su for her godly ascension trial into High God.
I see... I get it now.
Yes, now that my aunt recalled her past
she's come to get her eyes back from Lady Su Jin.
Do you remember back then when Lady Su Jin fell off the Zhuxian Terrace
she said that Su Su pushed her?
That's right.
After my aunt recalled her past she knew that Su Jin had framed her.
That's why she has now come to get her eyes back from Lady Su Jin.
Wouldn't that stir up a huge commotion?
Exactly!
I can't stay to chat much longer.
I'm worried that my aunt will lose. I have to go to Xiwu Palace now!
Little Princess!
Little... Little Princess!
Quickly, Xin Nu!
We'll be there soon, Your Highness.
Quickly!
Quickly!
Su Jin!
What happened to your eyes?
Uncles!
Uncles, you must uphold justice for me!
Quickly, take me to the Grand Hall!
- Quickly! - Su Jin!
Stop right there!
Where is my aunt?
Your aunt?
She robbed me of my eyes!
I'm just about to report her to the Heavenly Lord!
You're such an evil woman.
First, you framed my aunt for pushing you off the Zhuxian Terrace
and made the Crown Prince dig out her eyes.
My aunt was devastated and jumped off the Zhuxian Terrace.
Those eyes are my aunt's so they should be returned to her!
Don't falsely accuse me!
How would I know that Su Su is actually your aunt?
So what if I knew that she is your aunt?
She pretended to be frail and pushed me off the Zhuxian Terrace!
She had to compensate me with her eyes for blinding me!
You!
Women of Qing Qiu are born prestigious.
Every one of you are born a princess.
So?
Are women of the Celestial Tribe born to be bullied?
Why are you so evil?
How dare you slander Qing Qiu!
Your aunt pushed me off the Zhuxian Terrace
so she had to give me her eyes.
Could she do whatever she wants just because she's a high god?
Where do you think you are?
This is the Nine Heavens!
Listen up, Bai Feng Jiu!
Don't assume that you and your aunt can cover up the truth!
Whatever you say today
your aunt has to pay for what she did to me!
Give me back my eyes!
- You... - Su Jin.
Why don't I understand a word of this?
What happened?
Why would you be in a conflict with the immortals of Qing Qiu?
Uncle, it's Qing Qiu's Bai Qian!
She dug out my eyes!
What?
Why would she dig out your eyes?
She...
She was Su Su.
High God Bai Qian was that mortal?
Exactly.
Don't believe a word she says!
She's so full of nonsense!
- How dare you! - Your Highness...
Do you not know what this place is?
You think that you can raise your voice here
just because Qing Qiu has your back?
You have no manners at all.
Uncles, take me to the Grand Hall.
I have to report it to the Heavenly Lord.
Even if I'm forced to give in to Qing Qiu, I must explain this matter.
My eyes don't matter.
What matters is the integrity of the Celestial Tribe!
Su Jin, don't worry.
Whatever the truth might be the Heavenly Lord will sort it out.
Fear not. We'll go with you.
- Yes. - Let's go.
Let's go.
I can't let her bewitch the Heavenly Lord!
She's the one lying...
Don't hold me back!
Come with me.
Greetings to High God.
Ye Hua...
Do you know that the pain I endured 300 years ago
ached as if it were just yesterday?
Whatever theory or reason it was you had for doing what you did
to protect my mortal self
I couldn't care less and I don't care about it.
All I remember is the numerous lonely nights
I spent in the Hall of Beautiful Youth
while my last glimmer of hope slowly died away...
Ye Hua...
How could I still marry you?
I heard you finished all the wine that Bai Zhen stashed away in the cellar.
You're not here to ask me for more wine, are you?
You still managed to get this pair of eyes back after 300 years.
That's quite a miracle.
It's an even greater miracle that you could still recall
your past after taking my amnesia potion.
Once eyes are taken from an immortal's body
they have to be used within 49 days or they will expire, right?
I thought that your eyes were gone.
Who knew that they had been planted into someone's sockets?
You've even brought them back now.
Put my eyes back for me.
That's not a problem. First, I have to cleanse the foul aura off.
Then I can put them back for you.
There's no rush.
Qian Qian, you still haven't told me who took your eyes from you.
It was just a relationship trial.
It's not worth mentioning.
Su Su...
Master...
Do you know...why I named you Su Su?
You've never mentioned it.
It's because when I first met you
you were in a plain (Su in Chinese) outfit.
Su Su...
I've been waiting for one person my whole life.
I know that you've been waiting for a fairy from Qing Qiu.
Yes.
She came to me when I was 11 years old.
She said that she'd marry me when I'm grown up.
Sadly, she never came again.
It's said that deities live for a long time.
My short life is but a ten some days of her life.
It seems... that I won't be able to wait any longer.
Master...
You've stayed single all your life.
You've never been unfaithful to that fairy.
Will she blame me for breaking our promise?
After my death...
Burn me to ashes and bury this string of beads with me.
Master?
- Master! - Master!
- Master... - Master...
- Master... - Master...
Kunlun Mountain?
Why am I here?
Ye Hua.
High God Mo Yuan?
Ye Hua...
Perhaps you should address me as your older brother instead.
My older brother?
You're Heavenly Father's son and my younger twin brother.
It was because of an accident that your spirit went into deep slumber.
Hence, our father had you placed into a golden lotus.
Before he went into the realm of nothingness
he entrusted you to me and I took you back to Kunlun Mountain.
I kept you in this lotus pond to await your awakening.
When Bai Qian was training here
she loved to look after you, her golden lotus.
Perhaps, it was destined.
It's a fated romance that you should both cherish.
I was actually in meditation.
However, I wished to see you.
After all, I've waited for this day for some hundred thousands of years.
Heavenly Lord...
- Heavenly Lord! - Su Jin!
- Heavenly Lord. - Heavenly Lord.
Heavenly Lord!
Lord Dong Hua.
Heavenly Lord, you must uphold justice for me!
You knew what happened then.
You must uphold justice for me, Heavenly Lord!
Get up.
No, I can't get up.
If I do, it means that I admit to this accusation.
High God Bai Qian not only dug out my eyes, but also...
But she also wants me to apologize for her fall from the Zhuxian Terrace.
She asked that I'm to be stripped of my celestial status
and stand guard at Ruoshui Riverbank to watch over the Bell of East Emperor.
Never am I to return to the Celestial Palace.
Although the Celestial Tribe is indebted to Qing Qiu because of Sang Ji
we mustn't allow that high god to accuse our tribesman at will.
Exactly.
If we were to let anyone bully Su Jin how could we face our deceased brother?
You...
You can't take Su Jin's side of the tale seriously.
You have to hear me out! And my aunt as well!
You aunt left after digging Su Jin's eyes out!
She's the Queen of Qing Qiu.
She's also addressed as Auntie
by all in the four seas and the Eight Far Lands.
How could we possibly ask her here?
If she wishes to explain herself to the Celestial Tribe
she shouldn't have done this deed quietly and fled!
My aunt left quietly to save the Celestial Tribe some dignity.
Would you rather have her announce to the four seas
that your Lady Su Jin was already very evil as a heavenly concubine?
She bullied a helpless mortal snatched her husband away
robbed her of her eyes and forced her to jump off the Zhuxian Terrace?
How could such a young lass be so ruthless?
Your aunt dug out my eyes and you're still lying for her!
The Celestial Tribe is such a bully!
Why would you only believe in her?
Isn't it enough to frame my aunt once?
You have to do it twice?
Atrocious!
Atrocious indeed.
Lord Dong Hua, aren't you here to help me?
Why are you now standing up for Su Jin?
This is one mysterious case.
Everyone tells a different story.
I have some words to say that might offend Heavenly Lord.
But I think that there's a need for me to speak my mind.
Do tell, Lord Dong Hua.
This matter concerns the Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu.
Su Jin was once your concubine.
You shouldn't get involved in it.
Otherwise, tongues will wag.
Qing Qiu will deem us unjust in trying this case.
You mean...
Everyone knows that I was once the God of Heaven and Earth.
I'm not related to any clans.
My harem is vacant and I distance myself from worldly affairs.
It's best to leave the hearing of this case to me
so as to appease all parties.
Your Lordship and Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu...
What now?
Have I not made myself clear?
He's trying to make me withdraw from this matter?
Is this so we could answer to Qing Qiu?
Judging by the circumstances I can't defend her anymore.
She's on her own now.
I think that Lord Dong Hua has a point.
I'll only attend the hearing without voicing any opinion.
Su Jin, do you think that I will favor Qing Qiu?
How about you?
Do you think that I'd favor Bai Qian?
We wouldn't dare think so.
Su Jin, take your time. You may speak now.
Start from 70,000 years ago.
I've shut myself in Taichen Palace for too long to know about this matter.
I'm now giving you a chance to explain it.
Yes.
