In the beginning, I picked you up from here.
When I found you, you were barely moving.
You didn't wake up even after I took you home.
I thought I had taken home a dead snake.
I was nursing my wounds here.
I could have fully recovered in three days.
Who knew you'd take me home and apply yellowseed herbs on me?
Even now, my wounds aren't healed yet.
But you can't understand even if I tell you this.
You can leave if you want.
But if you really go, I won't have anyone to talk to anymore.
A kingfisher bird?
Little bird.
Are you injured?
You are so much like the one that flew away.
If you don't mind, then come home with me.
This bird is so pitiful. I'm taking it home with me.
To you, am I any different from this bird?
You are an unmarried woman.
Yet, you've shared the same bed
with the Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince for three months.
If I don't marry you
I'm afraid nobody else would dare touch you.
Golden Lion?
Your Highness.
You are still alive.
Where have you been over the past 70,000 years?
Your Highness, I left after Second Prince took the throne.
Why did you leave?
Have you seen Li Yuan?
Have you been searching for Eldest Prince the entire time?
Yes.
I have been searching for Li Yuan's whereabouts all these years.
Do you know where he is?
Has Second Prince never told Your Highness?
Told me what?
I'm afraid he's the only one in this world who knows most clearly
where Eldest Prince is.
What do you mean by that?
The Ghost Lord personally led a rebellion 70,000 years ago
and had Eldest Prince imprisoned in the Arctic Lands.
Impossible.
How is it impossible?
Li Jing would never do that.
And if it was Eldest Prince who killed Ghost Lord's mother with his own hands?
What did you say?
Li Yuan killed Li Jing's mother?
Do not say a word, Your Highness.
I can sense the scent of the Celestial Tribe.
Celestial Tribe?
You've brought a black snake into the city?
That is most taboo in Zhong Rong State.
You again?
Miss, do you still remember me?
You tried to steal my fan last time. Of course I remember you.
You thoroughly humiliated me last time.
Even when I'm dreaming, I wake up with hatred.
Luckily, I have come across you again today.
What do you want?
What is it?
What are you doing?
- I'll show everyone what you have here! - Let go!
He pushed that lady to the ground.
Everybody, come look! The witch is here again.
Witch?
The other day, she and another witch stole my ancestor's heirloom.
For the sake of the city's people, I have not left
just so I could one day reveal this witch's true colors
and show you all the truth!
This lady sure is unlucky for you to be so fixated on her.
Leaving aside stealing her fan a few days ago
you were even taught a lesson by a beautiful lady passing by.
What's the matter? Gone crazy? Come to cause a ruckus again?
Exactly.
Don't say I didn't tell you what is inside this basket.
Inside this is an evil... black snake!
- Black snake? - Black snake?
A monster.
What's the matter? Scared now?
You lied to us last time.
Do you think we'll believe you because you say there's a black snake?
If you don't believe me, I'll lift this cloth and let you see.
No, no.
It is only a small snake. It won't harm anyone.
Miss, do you mean there really is a black snake in this basket?
Yes, but it is not some evil thing.
There really is something evil in there!
- Burn it! - Burn it!
- No! - Burn it!
- Burn it! - Burn it!
- Burn it! - No!
Burn it!
My ancestor's Monster Binding Rope has finally come to use today.
- Burn the black snake! - Burn it to death!
Burn it to death!
- There really is a black snake! - Snake!
- Burn it! - Kill it!
Kill it!
Kill it!
- Kill the black snake! - Kill the witch!
How outrageous.
Calm down, Your Highness.
Look at what is inside the basket.
- Do not let her live! - Kill them!
It's a dragon?
It's a dragon god!
Dragon god!
- It's a dragon god! - It's really a dragon god!
- Dragon god! - Bless us!
Bless us, dragon god!
You... You aren't a black snake?
In this world, only you would take me for a snake.
You've become so big. How will I take care of you from now on?
Now that I've shown my true form, the Celestial Palace will be aware.
Wait patiently for me for a few days.
Miss.
Miss, that black dragon once saved my grandson's life.
I don't have much to repay the kindness.
Why don't you come to my house for a meal?
No need, Granny.
He is your savior, not me.
- Miss, we were mistaken about you. - Yes, yes.
Miss, you must stay so we can make it up to you.
That's not necessary. If I leave too late, it will be dark.
- Miss, you must not leave like this. - Yes, yes.
- If you leave, we will feel guilty. - Thank you.
- Come with us. - Miss.
- Thank you. - Stay!
- Don't go, Miss. - Miss!
- Miss! - Miss!
Don't go!
We've wrongly accused the lady.
Just now, you said
it was Li Yuan who killed Li Jing's mother?
That's correct. I heard Li Jing say that with my own ears.
I am certain.
Has Your Highness never been suspicious of Eldest Prince's disappearance?
No, I've never suspected Li Jing.
If Your Highness does not believe me
you can come with me to Ghost Realm's Arctic Lands
to see the truth for yourself.
Without Li Jing's military seal, nobody can go near there.
Yes, that is why Your Highness must first steal the military seal
for us to be able to rescue Eldest Prince.
- Steal? - Your Highness.
Eldest Prince's life is in your hands.
What harm is there in stealing?
I took care of you for so long
but I didn't even know you were a black dragon.
Since you are a dragon...
then go where you belong.
What does Your Highness need to see me for?
I mentioned the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun to you a few days ago.
Do you remember?
Yes.
Didn't Your Highness say it is in a mortal's possession?
Yes.
However, I went to the mortal realm to investigate
and found the fan has disappeared again.
Would you be able to locate its whereabouts?
An artifact of the Celestial Tribe is like us immortals.
It does not appear in the records.
But if Your Highness is interested in the mortal
I could look through this mortal's fate.
Theres no need.
I don't need to know what she goes through.
I have been too meddlesome.
Speaking of which...
I'd like you to go to the mortal realm to do something for me.
Please do tell, Your Highness.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
- You may go. - Yes.
How dare you.
In this palace, only you like to be mean to me.
The Heavenly Lord has decided on the date you become consort.
You shouldn't come here again.
Can't I serve you one last time?
Starting from when you were 10,000 years old
I have been with you every day while you were reading
and with you through your morning and afternoon lessons.
Can't you just grant me my wish this once?
Step outside.
Su Jin, think about this carefully.
If you do not leave
I'll call someone in and they'll see you in such a state in my quarters.
Even if you have a million reasons
you won't be able to become consort anymore.
You're threatening me?
I am in my prime.
If not for you
why would I marry Heavenly Lord?
You are saying you want to be with this woman?
Yes.
The day has come for you.
You are aware of women now?
It isn't what you think, Third Uncle.
To me, she is like something I once lost
and have finally found after thousands of thousands of years.
Third Uncle, do you understand what I am saying?
Of course I understand.
After all that, just three words are enough.
What are they?
You are enamored.
Instead of saying enamored, I'd say I am repaying a kindness.
Repaying a kindness?
For the minor injury you sustained from the Golden Lion?
Is that worthy of you saying you'll repay the kindness?
You don't need to be embarrassed.
Going by what you said, you two were brought together by fate.
You shared the same bed with her for several months in the mortal realm.
Although it was only a few hours in heaven
it is still considered monumental.
Think back. You've lived dozens of millennia.
Countless goddesses at countless banquets
have tried to speak to you, but have you ever given them the chance?
So, if you weren't enamored, why would you share a bed with her?
All right, stop fighting.
You're already enamored. Let's keep talking.
Talk about what?
Didn't you bring me out here just to ask me
how to make her like you?
That's right.
However, I've never interacted with mortal women before.
There is a phrase that puts it well.
Since the ancient times, women have loved the hero.
There isn't a young woman who doesn't like a charming man.
Walk right up to her
and smile at her.
She is guaranteed to melt.
Using your charms is beneath you?
All right, use something else.
Since the ancient times, women have loved the hero.
Release a monster on the mountain to scare her.
When she is scared witless
you'll appear wielding the Qingming Sword
and valiantly rush forward to kill the monster.
Then you'll become her savior.
She'll have no means to repay you except to devote herself to you.
So is this how you tricked Lady Cheng Yu into giving herself to you?
Lady Cheng Yu and I ended 30,000 years ago.
That is old history.
Why did you mention her?
Let's keep talking about you. Will that method work?
It won't work, Third Uncle.
I showed my true form in front of her a few days ago.
She wasn't frightened at all. She...
She is no ordinary woman.
Using your charms is beneath you. Playing the hero won't work.
Then how about the other way around?
How about playing the pity game?
Third Uncle.
You like this one?
This method is the only one that may be feasible.
Thank you, Third Uncle.
Let me remind you.
Create a barrier around Mount Junji
and shield it from the eyes and ears of heaven.
Otherwise, someone will eventually notice
the Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince is living there.
Don't worry, Third Uncle. I already put up a barrier before I came back.
I'm not done yet!
He's so handsome. Why does he need to play the pity game?
No... no...
Impossible! Impossible!
Out of everyone, you just had to offend Crown Prince.
His Highness said someone like you must be punished.
Tramp! You brought me harm!
- A diversionary tactic! - All right.
I've looked at your fate.
You've done many bad deeds.
Your lifespan...
Your life ends this year.
I came all the way here. What kind of fate should I write up for you?
I was originally thinking that since winter is approaching
I'd dig a burrow for you so you could pass the winter comfortably.
Who knew you'd turn into a black dragon and fly off.
I won't have to worry about it anymore.
Let's go.
What's wrong? Are you all right?
There's so much blood!
Oh no, oh no.
This herbal medicine is used for birds and snakes.
I don't know if it can be used on people.
Don't move! Don't move! You bled a lot.
Are you all right?
You don't need to worry, Miss.
It is just a minor injury.
Minor injury? You've been bleeding the whole time!
Wait here. I'll be done soon. Wait for me.
I haven't cleaned your wound yet.
Wait for me.
Can you take off your clothes yourself?
No need to trouble you.
All right, all right.
I'll help you.
Let me wipe this clean for you.
It'll be a bit painful. Bear with me.
Does it hurt?
Let me change out the water.
Have I gone too far?
How come she is crying so much?
Should I find a physician for you?
I think I should find a physician.
This medicine is only used for tending to small animals.
Your wound is so deep. I'm afraid-
Your wound is healed?
It is healed!
How is that possible?
Just now, it was...
It's said there is a rare plant on Mount Junji of the Far East
that is a miraculous herb for healing injuries.
Could the medicine you applied for me be this very miraculous herb?
I randomly picked the herbs.
I don't know if they are miraculous herbs.
Then... do you also have internal injuries?
You are correct. I have severe internal injuries.
Why are you so heavily injured?
Did an enemy come after you?
I happened across a monster and fought with it.
Monster?
Are there monsters here?
Do you not know there are many monsters on this mountain?
I've lived here for many months. I've never seen any monsters.
That monster-
You are in no condition to speak. Lie down for now.
That would be good.
Thank you, Miss.
- I'll make some food for you. - All right.
I sold a basket of loquats at the foot of the mountain
but only received very little rice.
I don't have many vegetables either.
- You've gone to much trouble, Miss. - Here.
All right.
Seeing the condition you're in, I think I should feed you instead.
I don't dare trouble you, Miss.
It's fine.
I often take care of some injured small animals.
It's no trouble.
Miss, you sure are kind-hearted.
I am the only one living on this mountain.
The nearest town is far away.
Instead of saying I'm taking them in, I'd say they're keeping me company.
Otherwise, it is too lonely being by myself.
Your injuries are so severe. Why don't you stay here to recuperate?
The rice I received in exchange should be enough to last you a few days.
Thank you, Miss.
What about yourself?
I don't think I made enough porridge today.
If you are not full yet, I'll go pick some fruit.
Miss.
You are my savior.
Can you tell me your name?
I don't have a name.
No name?
I have no name and no family.
I live alone on this mountain. I don't have any friends either.
In that case...
Why don't I give you one?
You'll give me one?
You are dressed so simple yet elegant.
The two words, Su Su, really suit you.
Su Su?
Su Su.
All right, then I will be named Su Su.
Thank you for giving me a name. I'll go pick fruit for you now.
Miss.
Don't you want to know my name?
I forgot to ask.
What is your name?
Ye Hua.
Which two words are Ye Hua?
Can you write them out for me?
I know now.
What happened?
Did I bump into your injury?
No harm done.
Good. Let's leave.
What happened?
I just wanted to roast something for you to eat.
Your roast produces so much thick smoke.
It's always been this way.
How did you survive before I came here?
I am not picky about my food.
When I'm hungry, I pick some fruit.
If I catch some small animals, I roast them to eat.
It's a good thing you know you have to roast them
and can't eat them raw.
I can't eat raw meat. I get a stomachache when I do.
But, I used to take care of a black snake.
It liked to eat raw meat.
It ate a lot every day. It was very hard to take care of.
Is it that hard to take care of?
You've never taken care of a snake, have you?
Naturally, you wouldn't know the hardships of such a task.
That little black snake of mine was absolutely finicky.
It had to sleep with me every day
and I even got a quilt because I was afraid it would be cold.
Su Su, do you know snakes don't need to sleep on a bed
and don't need to be covered by a quilt?
Really?
It's true.
Then perhaps it's because that snake of mine is different from the rest.
That's why it really did turn into a big black dragon later on.
It was about as large as this hut.
And then it flew away and never returned.
All right, I'll stop talking about that ungrateful snake now.
There should still be some fruit in the house you can eat.
I'm going to pick some more herbs for you.
Su Su.
How come you're here?
You're so heavily injured, yet you walked so far.
- Are you all right? - I'm fine.
It was late and you hadn't returned, so I came looking for you.
- I got lost. - Lost?
The last time I entered this forest
it took me eight days to find my way out.
Eight days?
To be able to get lost to such an extent is an ability all on its own.
I know you want to laugh at me.
It's all right. You don't need to hold it in. Go ahead and laugh.
I have always been very tolerant to those who aren't smart.
You were injured and walked so far.
You must not have any energy left to keep going.
I was originally going to pick some herbs and then return.
In the end, I lost my way.
It seems someone like me is only capable of taking care of small animals.
No wonder my little black dragon never came back to see me after it left.
It must have disliked me very much.
Do you miss it very much?
Perhaps it had no choice but to leave.
Dragons are from a clan of ancient gods.
Most of the time, they appear in the mortal realm to subdue monsters.
And also because it is an immortal
it cannot stay in the mortal realm for a long time.
Otherwise, it would affect the fates of mortals and there would be trouble.
Really?
I remember now.
When the black dragon flew away
the city's people did seem to say
it subdued the gold...
Scarlet Flame Golden Lion.
Yes, Golden Lion.
How did you know?
It seems we'll have to stay here for the night.
Make a fire and I'll tell you about it.
Okay, wait for me.
Keep telling the story.
Are you tired?
No.
The stories you tell aren't as pleasant to hear as the ones told at the teahouse
but at least they haven't been told before.
This Scarlet Flame Golden Lion arrived
at Mount Junji of the Far East ten years ago
bringing scorched earth and drought to the nearby Zhong Rong State
causing much hardship and poverty for the people of the state.
Is it really that formidable?
On the tenth year, the Golden Lion became even more savage.
He took a liking to the emperor's wife and kidnapped her back to his cave.
And then?
He laid his hands on her.
Look at you. I'm not even embarrassed yet.
How come you're blushing already?
Keep talking.
Finish the story.
And then...
And then the Golden Lion was subdued by the black dragon you took care of.
And then?
And then...
Although the black dragon defeated the Golden Lion
it had sustained a minor injury.
And then...
And then it met you.
