Since you understand me, you should know
everything I have done is so I can marry Ye Hua.
Your Highness, do you mean...
Su Jin.
Heavenly Lord.
I came to see you.
Your Majesty attends to numerous affairs every day.
You do not need spend too much of your focus on me.
Tonight, I will enter the palace alone as you have arranged.
No, I came to tell you
you and I are a married couple in name only.
You may continue to live here
so as to avoid causing you discomfort by moving you into my chambers.
That... would not be proper.
It is of no matter.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Hang some red silk.
After all, you have been made an imperial consort.
It is considered a happy occasion.
Yes, I will prepare it right away.
I am sorry to put you through this.
It is a contingency plan. Your Majesty need not blame yourself.
I was just thinking.
Why don't we make use of the festive occasion of this conferment
and have me return to my clan tomorrow morning to worship my ancestors
and visit all my uncles?
It will allow them to understand Your Majesty's regards for me.
Very good.
Rest well tonight.
Tomorrow morning, I will send Lian Song and Yang Cuo with you.
No, I think it would be best for Crown Prince to come with me.
Ye Hua?
That is correct.
Crown Prince is the heir apparent to the throne.
If His Highness appears with me, the visit will be made to seem important.
Furthermore, doesn't Your Majesty have intentions
to have Crown Prince lead the army in a war against the Mermaid Clan?
There will be benefits to meeting the separate leaders in advance.
All right.
Tomorrow morning, I'll let Ye Hua know and have him meet the various leaders.
Thank you, Sister-in-law.
I am doing this because I have no choice.
I am doing this for the family.
I don't want to see the two brothers destroy each other.
Li Jing.
Even your most beloved sister will betray you.
From now on
I will be your closest ally in Grand Ziming Palace.
This way, I know I will win his heart.
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty has drank too much.
Do you want...
Your Highness, since you have obtained His Majesty's seal, let's move quickly.
Golden Lion.
If I rescue Li Yuan...
will I cause the Ghost Realm to fall into turmoil again?
Princess, it has been 70,000 years since Second Prince ascended to the throne.
His position is stable.
Even if your father were still alive today
it would still be difficult to jeopardize Second Prince's position.
We are only doing this to save Eldest Prince's life.
Dijun.
I have something to tell you.
Today, Third Prince told me that there are many in the Celestial Realm
who use the excuse of repaying your kindness to get close to you.
But that is not the case with me.
Ever since I was young, my parents taught me that
even a small favor must be repaid double.
This applies even more so to a life debt.
I may be young, but I do understand these principles.
As an immortal, my aunt also taught me to not be so fixated on prestige
and to speak my mind.
Today, Third Prince asked me if I felt that way about you.
I thought about it.
I do feel that way about you.
Do you understand, Dijun?
Are you finished speaking?
If you're done, then you may go.
You're not leaving?
I'm going.
Who is this palace maid that has come to repay a debt to you?
Qing Qiu's young princess, Bai Feng Jiu.
Bai Feng Jiu?
She shouldn't be offended.
But how did you save her life?
By chance.
By chance?
I can't believe it. She is a princess?
Don't underestimate this princess.
She is the only grandchild of Qing Qiu's royal family.
In the future, she will be inheriting one of the five lands of Qing Qiu.
And ascend the throne as a female monarch.
So what?
You are young and frivolous, and have no sense of propriety.
In any case, remember my words.
Do not offend those from Qing Qiu.
Yes.
However, Dijun has long since been unconcerned with mundane affairs.
It seems this young princess's efforts...
will be in vain.
I heard you have taken the orphan of the Su Jin Clan as your consort.
That is correct.
It's been a long time since there's been a festive occasion
in the Celestial Palace.
Su Su!
Ye Hua! Run!
Su Su.
What did you do this time?
I wanted to roast a chicken for you.
Didn't we agree I would do it?
You have been cooking for me all this time.
I feel bad about it.
Our wedding outfits!
Don't go!
The fire is so big. Our wedding outfits are long gone.
They were the outfits we wore as newlyweds.
It is once in a lifetime.
If you like, we could be newlyweds every day.
Ye Hua.
You are very good at sweet talk.
Our house has burned down.
Where will we stay tonight?
Where do you want to live?
I only want to live here.
Ye Hua, you don't need to worry about me.
I'm not afraid of the fire.
I've even seen a black dragon appear.
It's really all right. You don't have to worry about me, Ye Hua.
You...
Where's the fire?
Who are you?
This...
Don't tell me you're a monster.
No wonder I felt you were extraordinary the first time I saw you.
You were gravely injured, but you healed so quickly.
Ye Hua.
You aren't that...
The Golden Lion that brought disaster to the people
and caused the emperor to slit his own throat?
Su Su.
Why do you think I am a monster?
What is wrong?
Are you afraid of me?
Ye Hua.
No matter what sort of monster you are
since we have bowed to heaven and earth, we are husband and wife.
Ye Hua, if you really are the Golden Lion
then you must have had a terrible fight with that black dragon.
If the black dragon knows you were injured but still alive
he will come back for you.
He knows this place well.
No, we must leave.
- Run, quickly. - Su Su.
If I really am a monster, are you still willing to follow me?
Ye Hua, don't say such words from now on.
Since I have made an oath to love you with all my heart for all eternity
and will never leave you regardless of fortune or calamity
then I will not care what you are.
Are you not afraid of death?
Death?
This is how I am.
I had you give yourself to me because I wanted you to stay to keep me company.
But we have been together for months and we are already husband and wife.
So since we are married I won't care if you are human or monster.
I will be with you either way.
Even if you have to pay with your life for the bad things you have done
I will follow you in death.
Isn't that the worst that can happen?
Say it again.
Here, in this world, no matter when, no matter where
as long as you do not betray me, I will never leave you.
Ye Hua, we should run.
There's no need to run.
I am not a monster.
You... aren't a monster?
Su Su.
I am just a mortal.
What?
I am just a mortal who wants to achieve immortality through cultivation
and have learned some minor magic.
What is it?
Are you disappointed?
No.
I had already come up with more than a hundred ways to flee.
How come someone who practices Daoism can take a wife?
Oh no, Father is heading to Xiwu Palace?
Greetings, Heavenly Lord and Dijun...
Is Crown Prince inside?
Yes.
Tonight is Su Jin's wedding night.
Everyone in the palace is at the wedding banquet.
It is inappropriate for him not to be there.
His Highness said he feels tired and does not want to join in the festivities
and told us not to disturb him.
Go inside to report to him. Have him wake up and greet Dijun.
Yes.
- Wait, wait! Wait. - Impudence.
How is it proper for you to be making such a ruckus
outside the Crown Prince's chambers?
Please forgive me, Father. Please forgive me, Dijun.
I am afraid Ye Hua is currently nursing his injuries.
It will be bad if he is interrupted and his spiritual balance is disturbed.
His Highness only had a fight with the Golden Lion.
He sustained severe injuries?
His injuries aren't severe, nor are they light.
Enough.
A minor injury for the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe
does not need to be repeatedly mentioned.
- Go and call Crown Prince out here. - Yes.
Ye Hua?
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Your Highness.
Heavenly Lord, Dijun, Third Uncle.
Ye Hua.
Where are you?
When you returned yesterday, didn't you say you had light injuries
why do you look so exhausted?
Ever since returning from the mortal realm
I have been discussing the matter of the Mermaid Clan with Third Uncle.
I have neglected to sleep and eat properly.
Very good.
This is what the future Heavenly Lord should be doing.
- However, you must remember to rest. - Yes.
Why have Heavenly Lord and Dijun come here?
We are here to discuss your marriage arrangement with Qing Qiu.
Your Majesty suddenly bestowed marriage onto me.
In order to appease Fox King, I did not say much.
Today, aside from Your Majesty and I, only Dijun and Third Uncle are present.
I would like to speak freely.
What is it?
Are you unsatisfied with this engagement?
That is not the case.
Your Majesty, when I was young, Father often told me
I will be succeeding the position of Heavenly Lord.
And I am not like the average person.
When Second Uncle Sang Ji was born
36 rainbow birds sang and flew circles in the sky.
When I was born, there were 72 rainbow birds to celebrate my arrival.
Your Majesty even granted me the status of heir apparent
in front of the entire world.
In these dozens of millennia
I have lived with caution daring not to make the slightest mistake
for fear of disappointing Your Majesty and Father.
You have lived up to our expectations.
My goal is to be a wise ruler.
And not to lose myself in the affairs of men and women.
That is why I believe being married at this time is too soon.
Your Majesty, please allow me 20,000 time to gain experience.
That does sound reasonable.
Ye Hua.
Are those words from your heart?
The truth, no lies.
This is the first time you have spoken up against me.
I have been unfilial. Please forgive me, Your Majesty.
Ye Hua.
Do you not want to marry Bai Qian of Qing Qiu because you have a secret?
There is no secret.
In the past, the one I doted on the most was your second uncle.
Yet, it was also your second uncle who disappointed me the most.
Did you know this?
I knew.
I have spent dozens of millennia of efforts on you.
And have been more meticulous with you than I have been with him.
That is why I will not allow any mistakes.
Especially...
in regards to women.
- Do you understand? - I understand.
That is good.
As for the marriage with Qing Qiu, let me think about it.
What do you think, Dijun?
It is a bit of rush.
The engagement was just decided.
If you immediately start discussing the bridal procession
I'm afraid it will scare Fox King into thinking
Crown Prince has some unmentionable disease
and is afraid Qing Qiu will call off the engagement.
Oh, yes.
I heard you had shown your dragon form in the mortal realm.
Why was that?
Of course, it was to subdue the Golden Lion.
When did I tell you to speak?
I had wanted to wait until the case began to unfold before reporting to you.
Isn't this the artifact that Mo Yuan gave to his precious disciple?
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
It is the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun.
I encountered Ghost Lord Li Jing in the mortal realm.
This fan was in his possession.
In Li Jing's possession?
Mo Yuan's body and Si Yin have been missing for 70,000 years.
How come the artifact would end up in the Ghost Realm?
I found this odd as well.
There were some complications in the process of retrieving this fan.
After revealing my dragon form
I returned to the Celestial Palace and hoped to investigate this case.
Perhaps finding this fan will uncover the reason for Mo Yuan's disappearance.
Mo Yuan is the son of Heavenly Father and master of Kunlun Mountain.
He should be buried in the Sea of Innocence.
This matter must be thoroughly investigated.
However, since 70,000 years have passed, there is no need to hurry.
- Yes. - And also...
Su Jin is officially named consort today.
The two of you grew up together.
No matter what, you must have a toast with her.
- Today? - Yes.
Conferring the title of consort upon her
was to appease the various branch leaders.
Now that the Mermaid Clan has intents to rebel
a war could happen at any time.
Conferring the title of consort upon her was only a matter of time.
Congratulations, Heavenly Lord.
Ye Hua.
In a little while, you will set out with the new consort
on a trip back to her hometown to worship her ancestors.
Worship her ancestors?
Worshiping her ancestors is merely a pretense.
It is a show you put on for the branch leaders.
You are the next Heavenly Lord.
You must forge a good relationship with the various branch leaders.
Having Su Jin with you will facilitate the process.
After all, those leaders greatly dote on this descendant of a favored subject.
I understand.
I already had plans to meet these leaders
to be fully prepared for the war against the Mermaid Clan.
Good.
My three sons...
can not compare to you, my good grandson.
Fortunately, you brought out the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun
to survive this time.
It was also by chance that this fan came into my possession.
I can't believe it has even saved me.
Seeing this fan, I really am reminded of that immortal.
At Ruoshui 70,000 years ago, Si Yin and I were comrades.
He and Mo Yuan...
had a deep relationship as master and disciple.
Ye Hua, let me talk to you about something serious.
Please go ahead, Third Uncle.
How do I put this?
Your father will not approve of you marrying a mortal.
You must consider this carefully.
When you are with her, you two can only be elsewhere.
A day in heaven is a year in the mortal realm.
Do you intend on using two months to spend a lifetime with her?
No.
I don't merely want two months.
I knew you wouldn't be able to part with her.
You want her to be with you for a long time
so you have to take her away from the mortal realm.
But, Ye Hua, you must know
that all the immortals of the world know you are to marry Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
You must not bring her here to heaven.
Your second uncle's mistakes are tragically clear for you to see.
I know.
I do feel guilty for forcing you and Bai Qian of Qing Qiu together.
Now, it seems I dug the hole myself and buried you in it.
Third Uncle.
Even without Bai Qian of Qing Qiu there would be Qing Qian of Bai Qiu.
From the day I was born, I was named the next Heavenly Lord.
With or without this engagement
Heavenly Lord would not allow me to marry a mortal.
That is correct.
Your second uncle's snake was lucky to leave with her life.
If Father were to know you have also fallen in love with a mortal
your beloved will be put in a situation where she can neither live nor die.
Let's not talk about this now. I must return to Mount Junji.
You absolutely must not.
Father has told us to go with Su Jin to worship her ancestors.
The whole palace is making preparations. If you leave, you will be found out.
But Su Su does not know the situation.
I suddenly disappeared. She must be mad with worry.
Anxious just like this?
What will she do when she faces Heavenly Lord?
But...
Someone is here.
Ye Hua, how unexpected.
Su Jin, that little girl, has become my father's consort.
I thought she would marry you.
Fate makes fools of all of us.
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Your Highness.
Your-
Consort Su Jin.
In front of Your Highness, I am still the same Su Jin.
Sit.
Is Your Highness ready to set off?
Heavenly Lord has told us
since I have nothing better to do, I should go with you and Ye Hua.
Do you mind, Your Highness?
Your Highness wishes to go as well?
That's right.
Heavenly Lord has said
you are the descendant of one who sacrificed his life for our tribe.
Your entire clan shed their blood and laid their lives down for us.
It is only right for our royal kin to treat you well.
You are also a consort now.
With this combination, of course I am willing to make the trip with you.
Thank you, Your Highness, for holding me in such high regard.
Then let's not waste time talking. Let's make a quick trip of it.
Because it is a long journey
I have already obtained Heavenly Lord's permission
to stay a night in the temporary residence.
It's because I was afraid the journey would be too arduous
and tire Your Highness.
Stay for a night?
Yes.
Sorry about the trouble, Your Highness.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
You all are...
Your Highness, I really did not know
you came to the palace to gather experience from Dijun.
I was so disrespectful to Your Highness.
Please do not take it to heart.
Allow me to apologize to Your Highness.
Gather experience?
Yes, Dijun sent someone to convey his orders.
And said Your Highness wanted to hide your own identity
to come to Taichen Palace to observe the day-to-day life of maids.
And that is why you were temporarily residing here.
Dijun had someone tell you that?
Dijun also said to take Your Highness to pick your own quarters of your liking.
I'm not going elsewhere. I am fine here.
Your Highness, as a princess, how can you live with us?
I want to live with you all.
That would be gathering experience.
That...
I'll go tell Dijun myself.
- Your Highness! - Your Highness...
What do we do now?
I had thought that since I am here to repay a debt
I should do it properly and temporarily forget that I am a princess.
So, please allow me to live with the palace maids.
If you really want to live with them, I won't stop you.
Thank you, Dijun.
Did you really come to Taichen Palace to repay me?
Yes.
Even a small favor must be repaid double.
So how do you plan on repaying a life debt?
A life debt... by...
Serving tea and water?
I'm afraid you'll have to stay in Taichen Palace
serving tea for 100,000 years
and serving water for 200,000 years for it to be enough.
Then do you have a wish that has yet to be fulfilled?
Yes.
What is it?
I will do everything I can to help you fulfill it.
Mo Yuan gave me this tea set 70,000 years ago.
In these 70,000 years, I have kept thinking of returning him this favor.
Can you help me with that?
- Mo Yuan? - It's a shame.
He has returned to seclusion for a long time now.
There have been no traces of him.
Actually, Mo Yuan...
Wait.
Is Dijun trying to mislead me?
Could he already know Auntie is Si Yin?
And also know Mo Yuan is in Qing Qiu?
When Mo Yuan disappeared, I had just been born.
I don't know where he went.
Do you have any other wish?
A second wish?
Yes.
Please do tell.
Tell me how your aunt and Mo Yuan are tied together.
Haven't I told you before?
My aunt has absolutely no relation to Kunlun Mountain.
Oh, yes.
I had forgotten.
You have indeed time and again said
your aunt has absolutely no ties to Kunlun Mountain.
Why are you so concerned about Mo Yuan?
Aside from Mo Yuan, do you not have any other wish?
For someone like me who wants for nothing
I can't think of any other wish at the moment.
Take your time. I am in no hurry.
Oh, yes.
There is one more thing.
Have you ever seen the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
What is that? The name is so strange.
Allow me to wash your teacup.
Strange. Why does Dijun keep questioning me about Auntie and Mo Yuan?
What are you doing?
How dare you do this to me? How presumptuous!
Oh no...
- You! - Why didn't you greet me first?
You!
You spilled tea all over me and you still dare to make a fuss?
How presumptuous of you!
Don't think because you're Qing Qiu's princess
you can use an excuse of repaying a kindness
to come and go freely from the Celestial Palace.
This is not Qing Qiu. Don't think you can do whatever you please!
This is the teacup Mo Yuan gave to Dijun.
My-
This noise is giving me a headache.
Greetings, Dong Hua Dijun.
I heard the people in Cousin's palace say
you and Heavenly Lord went to Cousin's Zichen Hall at daybreak
to discuss Cousin's engagement with Bai Qian.
That is correct.
Will His Highness be escorting my aunt to the wedding ceremony?
That is correct.
Will you be going to the wedding procession?
That is correct.
What else do you want to ask?
Nothing else at the moment.
- I want to ask- - If there's nothing else, you may go.
I have to handle Taichen Palace affairs now.
All right.
I take my leave.
Feng Jiu.
You shattered the teacup Mo Yuan gave to me.
How does Your Highness plan on counting this debt?
Will it be added onto the life debt?
Can it be counted that way?
Auntie, your Master Mo Yuan has to return soon.
If he doesn't, this debt of mine won't be cleared even in three lifetimes.
