Why does this wine taste different from usual?
Where did this young man come from?
Su Su.
Su Su.
Su Su.
Su Su!
Su Su!
Su Su!
Su Su!
I must have walked into High God's confusion shield.
I'll come visit again after the Eastern Sea banquet.
Why am I here?
What an amusing dream.
What dream has you smiling so cheerfully?
A dream of romance.
In my dream, I seem to have cast an enchanting spell
to harass an innocent young man.
What an interesting dream. Do you remember what he looked like?
Your wine was too strong.
I couldn't even see the moon clearly. How could I remember his face?
He seemed to have been wearing dark-colored robes.
Even I can't break out of the Nine-tailed Fox Clan's enchanting spells.
Go on. Don't be late.
I'm leaving now.
Oh, yes.
Your Fourth Brother has been gone for quite a while now.
When you deliver the wine to him, tell him to come back when he has time.
It's time for those two fields in front of the mountains to be tended to.
You're the one who angered him. You get him to come back.
I don't want to be scolded in your place.
I hereby-
I'm afraid of being struck by lightning.
Sister.
Why did you call out to me?
I see you are brimming with immortal energy.
You must be an immortal heading to the Eastern Sea banquet.
Can you lead the way for me?
Follow me.
Thank you for leading the way, Sister.
May I ask where you are from?
I have been living in High God Zhe Yan's Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
Then do you know the Crown Prince of the Nine Heavens?
I do not.
Don't worry, Princess.
With your looks, the Crown Prince surely has not forgotten you
and must be thinking of you every day.
Yes, although the position of Heavenly Empress has already been taken
how is it possible that Lord Ye Hua will fall for that old woman from Qing Qiu?
Old woman?
How strange.
Why are there so many water lily leaves covering the crystal lights?
Honorable guest, have you brought the invitation?
This way please.
Even if you cannot accept it, I am the Lord of the Ghost Realm.
Even if your father, the Water King of West Sea, were here
he would still need to bow to me.
The Ghost Lord?
In my mind, you are just the rascal
who hung around the base of Kunlun Mountain 70,000 years ago
and only knew how to drink and be merry!
You shut your mouth.
My three guests, I'm afraid your tempers are flaring.
Please hold your comments.
Ghost Lord, please calm down.
The two of you were disciples of High God Mo Yuan.
Please calm down.
In recent years, we have been on good terms with the Ghost Realm.
We shouldn't destroy a friendship that took many years to build
just because of a personal feud.
Do this for my sake today. Please don't be angry.
Ghost Lord, please don't be angry.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
We looked everywhere. We just can't find the young prince.
A-Li has never been to the Crystal Palace.
I'm guessing he has gone off to play out of curiosity.
Keep looking. I'll search in the back gardens.
- Yes. - Yes.
Little Riceball, what are you digging for?
I'm pulling out the grass.
Father said the coral buried under the weeds
is the most beautiful thing on the Eastern Sea seafloor.
I've never seen it, so I want to dig it out so I can see it.
Father?
- You are from the Celestial Tribe? - Yes.
Use this fan.
With a light sweep of this fan, this grass will all blow away.
This fan is so pretty. It looks like it could belong to my family.
The Cloud Clearing Fan?
Please enter.
Make a quick inspection.
The Aunt from Qing Qiu will be arriving soon.
There must not be any bright lights shining through.
- Yes. - Yes.
Am I in trouble now?
You're not the only one in trouble. I'm the one who gave you the fan.
Mother!
Mother!
- Mother? - Mother, Mother!
Why did you leave me and Father?
Young child, you must have the wrong person.
Su Su.
Father.
Master?
No, he isn't Master. He isn't.
Presumptuous!
I am mistaken.
She would not speak so harshly.
My apologies for offending you.
You are too courteous.
Is Mother angry?
A-Li.
Let's go.
- Mother. - A-Li.
Farewell.
Father, she looks very much like the painting of Mother in Xiwu Palace.
Xiwu Palace?
Could he be the Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince, Lord Ye Hua?
Aunt.
Shao Xing?
Aunt.
You and I are not mistress and servant. There's no need to bow to me.
Aunt.
For the past 300 years, I have waited at the valley entrance every day
but I never received your summons.
Do you still blame me?
You waited for me at the cave entrance?
Mi Gu has never mentioned it.
I haven't seen you for 300 years, how did you let yourself get so fat?
I heard Zhe Yan mention
that you are already carrying your fourth baby.
It seems you and the Water King are quite affectionate.
The Water King has treated me very well.
However, I still cannot forget what happened 300 years ago.
Shao Xing, you should know, I am most unwilling to see you.
Although you have done wrong by me
we were once mistress and servant after all.
Go ahead and tell me what you want. I will grant you one wish.
I do not want anything.
In these 300 years, I have only sought your forgiveness.
No matter how much time passes, I still belong with the Fox Den.
Don't.
You are no longer part of Qing Qiu.
This wish is a gift for your marriage.
Tell me. I will grant you anything you wish.
After you are done, our relationship as mistress and servant will come to an end.
I had expected you would be mad. But why won't you give me a chance?
Do you truly not understand?
You had never met Sang Ji and you said you wouldn't like him.
If you had married Sang Ji, you would not have been happy.
And after losing Sang Ji, you can have someone even better.
Lord Ye Hua is a very good man. He is the future Heavenly Lord.
However, if I lost Sang Ji, I would truly be left with nothing.
You are right.
I had thought
you were mad at me for not saying anything
before leaving Qing Qiu without your permission
but that you would never be mad at me for marrying Sang Ji.
Because in my heart
you have always been a highly principled immortal.
It seems you really don't understand.
Shao Xing.
Do you remember your clan members who once bullied you in Qing Qiu?
I remember.
You should also know there were some among them
who did not truly want to bully you.
It's just that if they defended you, they would be bullied in turn.
That's why they could only follow the strongest and bully you, the weakest.
Can you forgive them?
No.
So put yourself in my shoes.
It is only reasonable and fair that I do not want to see you.
You saw how I, a high goddess, cultivated myself
for hundreds of millennia to reach the level that I am at now.
How low can my moral character and comprehension be?
I truly am not a highly principled high god.
You flatter me.
You still don't understand?
Although you did not intend for it to happen
you caused me to be ridiculed by the entire world.
Mother, why do you say you are not a highly principled immortal?
You're the most highly principled immortal of heaven and earth.
Did you pop out of the ground?
No, I didn't come here using my powers.
I walked here with Father to find you, Mother.
Ye Hua did not know
that you are High Goddess Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
I am unbiased.
I am exactly 90,000 years older than you, Lord Ye Hua.
It would be best for you to call me Aunt to show your respect.
A-Li calls you Mother. Yet, I am to call you Aunt?
Qian Qian, what kind of reasoning is that?
Speaking of reason, while I was speaking to this lady
you two were eavesdropping for a long time.
What is the reasoning for that?
Father and I did not intentionally eavesdrop.
Father said you were chasing us
so that's why we turned around and came back.
When we came near, we saw this lady speaking with you
and we could only step back.
Were you chasing us because you can't bear to part with me
and want to return to the Celestial Palace with me and Father?
Can't bear to part with you? I had just lost my way.
A-Li is right.
Your mother indeed can't bear to part with us.
Mother is the best.
Mother, when will we return to the Celestial Palace?
Return to the Celestial Palace?
Let's return tomorrow.
This is wonderful! Mother is coming home!
You have been gone for so long! Aren't you excited?
Excited?
Mother, since you two are done talking, let's leave.
Hold on.
I still have something to say to this lady.
Go back and think about what you want to ask of me.
When you've decided, come find me in Qing Qiu.
Thank you, Aunt.
I want it too.
Why would a young child want a harmful weapon?
Mother.
Be good.
I suddenly remembered I have some things to take care of.
I'll meet you two again tomorrow. Farewell.
Qian Qian, could it be that you're afraid
that by entering the banquet with me and my son
we will attract gossip?
Lord Ye Hua, you are worrying too much.
So you do know you and I have a marriage arrangement.
There's no need to worry about arousing suspicion.
A marriage arrangement?
Speaking of which
when the Heavenly Lord made the engagement
between me and your second uncle
you had yet to be born.
In the blink of an eye, you've already grown so much.
Time truly does not wait for anyone.
Farewell.
Fellow immortal, please halt.
Crown Prince, Young Prince.
Fellow immortal, may I ask how I have offended you
for you to go so far as to take out your anger
on my garden on my festive day?
Water King, might you be mistaken?
Don't think of denying it.
The coral spirit in my garden saw it with its own eyes.
The strong wind just now was the doing of an immortal dressed in turquoise.
How can you deny it?
I can't make the child take the blame.
Water King, you are right.
I had always lived in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
This is my first time venturing out and I've caused this trouble.
I've spoiled your mood and disgraced my high god.
Please punish me, Water King.
Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods? You are from Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods?
Yes.
Isn't the high god of Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods...
My high god has indeed
not been in contact with his fellow immortals for many millennia.
I came today at the request of High Goddess Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
That is how I had the fortune to see this Crystal Palace.
High Goddess Bai Qian?
Did Aunt come with you, Emissary?
Aunt did not come.
Aunt unfortunately fell ill while she was visiting the Peach Tree Woods.
However, she had received your invitation and did not want to disappoint you
so she sent me to deliver these congratulatory gifts.
This is a gift from my high goddess, Bai Qian, a luminous pearl.
On the side is the peach blossom wine that my lord brews himself.
I came just to deliver these gifts.
However, I did not expect that I would cause such trouble.
Please punish me as you will, Water King.
You have journeyed a long way.
Do not feel guilty any longer.
Please follow me inside to the front hall for food and wine.
That is not necessary.
After all, my lord does not like me drawing attention everywhere I go.
You are too courteous.
You are most kind, Water King. I shall take my leave now.
It is just a drink of wine. You need not be so polite, Emissary.
I only told a little lie.
The lie was mostly to protect his Little Riceball.
He could have looked the other way. Yet, he just has to cross me.
How vexing.
Su Su, have you truly forgotten me, or are you acting in front of me?
Crown Prince, Emissary, the Grand Hall is up ahead.
Please come.
The Crown Prince has arrived!
- Greetings to Crown Prince. - Greetings to Crown Prince.
Your Highness, please take a seat up there.
Water King, please.
It's her?
You recognize this princess?
I do, but I am not close with her.
Could it be the Crown Prince has dragged me here to ward off women?
Ward off women?
Crown Prince.
May I be so bold as to ask for a meeting on behalf of my younger sister?
See? The women are coming.
Take care of A-Li. I'll be back soon.
He won't really drag me to the Celestial Palace, will he?
Mother, where are you going?
I am going to look for your father to return you to him.
Do you not trust Father? Are you afraid he's having a tryst with a beautiful lady
so you're using me as an excuse?
What goes through your little mind every day?
Your father is so upstanding. Why would he be having a tryst?
Come.
It truly is a shame that we have not seen Aunt today.
Has Aunt not come today because she knew the Crown Prince
and the Water King of North Sea would both be here at the banquet
and she was afraid the situation would become too awkward
running into both former and current fiances?
Awkward? As if!
Senior Disciple?
This is not a good time to run into him.
Let's go.
It has been a long time, High Immortals.
It is a great pleasure to see the two of you today.
Come inside, please.
Mother, how come your eyes are red?
I haven't been to the Crystal Palace in a long time.
I am not accustomed to the dampness.
Let's go find Father.
Lord Ye Hua is having a secret meeting with a lady.
It would be untactful of me to just barge in.
Mother, come quickly.
Perhaps your father does not want to be disturbed.
If you don't go to break them up
Father will be stolen away by that Princess Miao Qing.
Look, your father is a healthy young man
and Miao Qing seems to be a lady in bloom.
It is quite normal for young men and women to desire each other.
Since they have come together, why should we break them apart?
Ruining other people's relationships is not a good deed.
What deep grudge do you have against Miao Qing for you to ruin her happiness?
Are you scolding me right now?
All right, all right.
Although she saved me once, I have already properly thanked her.
Yet, she thought she would now be different in Father's eyes
and has refused to leave Mount Junji.
She has foolishly stayed by Father. She is most annoying.
Saving your life is a serious matter.
How can it be enough for you to just say your thanks?
She does not know her place.
She clearly knows Father already has a wife
but she still came to bother Father
live in Mother's house, use Mother's cookware
and steal Mother's husband.
Does Mount Junji of the Far East that you just mentioned belong to Su Jin?
No, no, it isn't Su Jin's. It is yours, Mother.
Father said you were a mortal back then
and met him at Mount Junji of the Far East.
Your mother is a mortal? She isn't Su Jin?
How come you're confused again, Mother? You gave birth to me.
How unexpected that the Crown Prince's only son was born to a mortal.
But you've never met me before. How come you recognize me as your mother?
Father drew two paintings and hung them in his chambers and in the hut.
They show a woman dressed in turquoise with a piece of white silk covering her face.
You looked like her in the garden earlier.
No wonder.
Later on, Father said Mother jumped off Zhuxian Terrace after giving birth to me
and he said Mother went to the mortal realm and will one day return.
Zhuxian Terrace?
So his mother abandoned him and jumped off Zhuxian Terrace.
Then in all likelihood, her corpse can't even be found.
This child is so pitiful.
Mother, you look like you aren't concerned in the least!
Is it because you already love another and no longer want me and Father?
Look here. I am indeed engaged to your father.
But I only met him today. I really can't say I am concerned.
Excuses! Father will marry a stepmother and Mother will marry a stepfather!
I surely have lived up to my name!
I don't deserve to have a full happy family!
I have to be all alone!
Nobody wants me! I'll just be by myself!
All right, all right. Don't cry.
Oh, don't cry.
My dear, since I am your mother, why would I not want you? Huh?
Everything's all right.
Don't cry anymore.
But you don't want Father.
If you don't want Father, he will marry Miao Qing.
After Father marries Miao Qing, he will have another baby
and he won't want me anymore.
Stop crying.
why would I not want your father?
Your father is my sweetheart, my darling, my precious honey.
Right?
Really?
More real than real gold.
Then come follow me.
Mother, it's time for you to make your appearance.
Let me think about how I'm going to walk in.
Greetings, Father.
Riceball.
Sister, you are...
This child calls me Mother.
With this scene in front of me
I can't help but be in the mood to compose a poem.
Don't you agree, Sister?
Among the vast sky and the boundless earth
a branch of a red apricot tree
is on the verge of straying past its bounds. (Have an illicit affair.)
Sister, do you find it fitting?
Please do not be angry, Your Highness! I did not know Your Highness had arrived.
I would never dare to be Your Highness's sister.
I only have respect for His Highness.
I do not ask that His Highness promise me anything.
My brother is marrying me off to the West Sea.
The Second Prince of the West Sea is a hedonistic man.
I truly had no other choice but to dance to request a meeting with His Highness.
I only wish to follow His Highness for all eternity and serve him as a maid.
I wish for nothing more. Please grant me my wish, Your Highness!
Is Die Feng the Second Prince of the West Sea?
He is.
How is he hedonistic? Tell me.
He...
When he was at Kunlun Mountain, he was indeed a man of honor.
But ever since High God Mo Yuan passed away
he returned to the West Sea and has been in low spirits.
He spends his days drinking and taking pleasure in women.
Is that so?
Every word I speak is the truth.
I guess the Water King of the Eastern Sea
was eager to have his sister connected to Ye Hua
so he taught her to say this.
It looks as if she has deep feelings for Ye Hua.
It wouldn't be in Senior Disciple's favor to marry her either.
Little Riceball.
This lady seems to have genuine affection for your father
as clear as the sun and moon.
I truly cannot bring myself to tear them apart.
I should be going.
Don't leave.
You just said Father is your sweetheart, your darling, your precious honey.
Someone has come to steal Father and you're just going to let her?
Your words are lies!
You said...
I am your sweetheart, your darling, your precious...
Your honey?
Su Su.
Are you pretending to be ignorant or have you truly forgotten about me?
Oh no.
Could it be the Crown Prince
cannot stand to hear sappy words of affection?
Has he confused me for his wife again?
You... You clearly already know. You're still trying to trick me into saying it?
You're terrible.
Father, aren't you going to chase after Mother?
No need to. I know where she went.
Are we still staying here tonight?
No.
We're going to Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods? You're taking me there, Father?
There are some things I need to ask High God Zhe Yan.
