Say it!
Say that you're having an affair with Yuan Zhen!
Quickly!
- I... - There's no need to explain.
I believe you and Yuan Zhen.
Your Majesty.
The Crown Prince and I...
The Crown Prince and I...
Don't be angry.
I know that the power struggle in the harem has hurt you.
I can only blame it on the fact that
I had many concubines and children before I met you.
Otherwise, I'd spend my lifetime only with you.
This is my fault.
I know that among the people and officials, they call me a temptress.
Your Majesty was deemed fatuous because of me.
Leave those criticisms to the later generations.
I fear none.
I regret none.
How well did I draw this wrinkle around my eye?
Do I look older?
Little Princess.
Birth, old age, illness
encounters with ones you despise, separation from ones you love
and not getting what you seek...
The six hardships of life.
Not one is to be left out.
Should Lord Dong Hua learn
that I've helped you to maneuver his fate in the Mortal Realm
we would be severely condemned.
But I can't bear it.
I can't bear to see him suffer.
That's not for you to decide.
Little Princess, that's fate.
Your Majesty, there are rumors that Consort Chen
is unfaithful to you.
I've done everything to stop such rumors from spreading.
Your Majesty doesn't have to believe me.
However, all the concubines saw them hugging in the Imperial Garden.
They even came up with the lie of the fan.
Your Majesty, you mustn't be fooled!
This bronze bell... You were already wearing it when we got together.
Someone important gave it to me.
Your Majesty, the Crown Prince had a heart attack in the bath!
What?
Crown Prince.
Pure Consort?
What a coincidence.
Coincidence?
If Father sees us we will lose our heads!
Xiao Xiangzi!
Father...
Jiu'er, is there anything you want to tell me?
I have nothing to say.
Return to the palace now!
No one is to know about this matter apart from the three of us.
No one is to bring it up.
Father?
- Your Majesty! - Father!
Your Majesty!
Guards! Take this bitch away!
She's not fit to be here!
Your Majesty, you never trusted me.
This woman saved you twice but she took advantage of that
to do unspeakable things in the palace!
Your Majesty!
- Move it! - Your Majesty!
Your Majesty...
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty! You must believe me!
I didn't betray you, Your Majesty!
Your Majesty, I had my reasons! Your Majesty, I had my reasons!
Your Majesty, you must believe me!
Little Princess.
Little Princess.
You must remember that the emperor is Lord Dong Hua.
When he dies in the Mortal Realm 18 years from now
he will be Lord Dong Hua again. An immortal. Right?
Little Princess, why are you tormenting yourself like this?
Star Lord, you don't understand.
Lord Dong Hua is my husband only in the Mortal Realm.
When he's back in the Nine Heavens he won't treat me so well.
Tell me.
Will he still remember what he said and did to me in the Mortal Realm?
Lord Dong Hua came to the Mortal Realm to experience the six torments.
How could he forget everything?
You're right.
Although he will remember, it won't change your relationship.
20 short years in the Mortal Realm is but a snap of his fingers.
Heed my advice.
Regard this only as a heavenly trial.
The romance started and ends in the Mortal Realm.
The romance started in the Mortal Realm... and it ends there.
Gods, don't play such a joke on me.
This is the little princess of Qing Qiu.
Clear my mind of all unworldly thoughts.
What is the matter?
Nothing.
You haven't given it to me.
I forgot.
The Chime of Emperor's Demise?
Your Majesty!
This can't be right.
According to the Book of Destiny the emperor doesn't die so soon.
Could he have been too badly hurt by the loss of love?
What?
He's dead?
It seems that Lord Dong Hua has pulled through the trial.
I have to head back to the Nine Heavens.
Star Lord!
Will I see Lord Dong Hua again?
Star Lord!
Star Lord...
Promise me that you'll never forget these two years we shared.
This flower... is very beautiful.
For some reason, whenever I see this birthmark
I find it so familiar.
I still owe you a wedding.
I'll marry you once more according to custom.
No one would dare treat you unkindly in this palace.
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty...
It can't be...
I just got here.
Greetings, Lord Dong Hua.
You did get here very quickly.
It was my negligence that caused Your Lordship
to return to your immortal self ahead of schedule.
I have to come to seek forgiveness.
How was the scheduled 60 years shortened by 18 years?
What went wrong?
A common mortal would have gone as scheduled.
Perhaps Your Lordship is too prestigious
and the Book of Destiny can't manipulate you.
Or perhaps...
Speak up.
Perhaps the six hardships were too much to bear.
You're trying to say that my love trial
with Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu was too much to bear?
I wouldn't dare say that.
I just returned to my immortal state
and there are already people in the Nine Heavens coming to see me?
Crown Prince?
Lord Dong Hua.
Crown Prince, please have a seat.
I'm fine.
I only have two questions for you.
Really?
Ask away.
Is divine fungal grass essential in cross essence repair between deities?
It is.
Have you ever fought the four mystical beasts
in Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea?
Never.
However, 300 years ago, Fox King Bai Zhi did attain the grass
to cross essence with Bai Qian. He fought those four beasts.
Although he attained the grass, he was badly injured.
Not many are as powerful as the Fox King.
I am.
You could also give it a try.
Thank you, Your Lordship.
I will take my leave.
You're asking about it because of Mo Yuan?
How did you know?
Not only do I know that you asked these questions because of Mo Yuan
but I also know that Bai Qian was once
Seventeenth Disciple of Kunlun Mountain, Si Yin.
The Celestial Tribe has been searching 70,000 years for Mo Yuan.
If Your Lordship already knew, why didn't you say so sooner?
I believe that you must have heard
how tragic the battle of Ruoshui Riverbank was.
However tragic it once was, 70,000 years have passed.
It's all forgotten.
What left an impression on me
was that image of High Immortal Si Yin
covered in blood and holding Mo Yuan in her arms.
She sat there in Ruoshui River crying her eyes out.
I hadn't had a taste of the six hardships yet.
I couldn't understand what her actions meant.
I just thought that as a disciple of Kunlun Mountain
she had brought sorrow upon herself due to the lack of cultivation.
Then I heard that Si Yin and Mo Yuan's body went missing.
I found it ridiculous.
I thought this disciple of Kunlun took life and death too seriously.
She was unlike a deity in training.
However, I understand it now.
It seems that I have learned much from this trial in the Mortal Realm.
What do you understand?
If Mo Yuan is dead, he's dead.
No offering matters.
His most beloved disciple was Si Yin.
If he gets buried in Si Yin's hometown and stays by her side...
it definitely would be better than being buried in the Sea of Innocence.
Am I right?
I'm not High God Mo Yuan.
I wouldn't know what he thinks.
I have matters to handle.
I'll take my leave now.
Father, why have you brought out the Soul-gathering Lamp again?
Didn't you say that if this lamp keeps burning, Mother will return?
Now that Mother has returned what use is this lamp?
I have to deliver the lamp somewhere.
Someone needs it.
Father, hurry up!
Whoever needs it must be very anxious.
Father, can we visit Mother when you've delivered the lamp?
A-Li, your mother is the queen of Qing Qiu.
She has important matters to handle
so she can't stay here with you every day.
I understand.
It's just that I miss Mother so much.
Of the four Water Kings
the King of the West Sea leaves the least impression on me.
When I used to chat with Senior
he said that since the reign of his grandfather
two generations of kings of the West Sea keep a low profile.
Hence their clan is the least noticed in the six realms.
This King of the West Sea gave up keeping a low profile
for the sake of his first-born son.
Hasn't his son been ill for 600 years?
What else could he do besides hire doctors to cure his son?
600 years ago, in order to cure his son
the Water King of the West Sea announced...
- Water King, we'll take our leave. - We'll take our leave.
General Hai.
Water King.
Put up an announcement.
Anyone who can cure my son will be handsomely rewarded!
Yes!
Crown Prince!
- My Queen... - My Queen...
Quickly!
Put the announcement up for all realms and seas to see!
Why would you meddle in that?
Some time ago, Bai Zhen heard about it from your senior.
He thought of me and asked me to help him.
It's no wonder...
Fourth Brother asked you to help for the sake of my senior.
Why else?
How could I possibly come here if it weren't for you?
Somehow, as if destined, Senior found you for our mentor.
If not, how could we have tracked down my mentor's spirit and soul so soon?
It's somehow destined.
If Mo Yuan is to recover
Die Yong's body must be looked after.
It will be hard on you in the days to come.
This is my rightful duty.
What is hard about that?
When High God left, he said that he'd bring an emissary back with him
but I didn't expect it to be so soon.
This emissary is skilled in taking care of patients like the prince.
While I'm away, she will be looking after the prince.
I'll have to trouble the emissary then.
You're too kind.
This way, please.
High Gods, my son resides in Fuying Hall ahead of you.
It's not right.
Emissary, what is not right?
Does it affect my son's health?
Water King, I suddenly recall a matter of great urgency.
I see. Do tell.
I suddenly remembered that we'll need
a very quiet place to nurse the prince back to health.
Could the Water King make it a rule that no one else, including yourself
is to come near this place after today?
Yes.
My dear, head back to the palace.
I'll show the high gods in myself.
This way, please.
What is the matter?
I'm afraid that I'll run into my senior.
Water King of the West Sea!
I wonder where the second prince is now?
A letter was sent from Kunlun Mountain yesterday.
It said that Die Feng had already arrived there
and won't make it back for a few days.
This way, please.
He won't be back soon...
Even if he is, now that Mo Yuan will soon be awakened
why are you still worried about seeing your senior?
We'll discuss that later.
After you.
You must be so anxious to see Mo Yuan, but frightened at the same time.
Go on.
You've waited 70,000 years for this.
Emissary, this is my first-born son, Die Yong.
Die Yong, this brilliant emissary standing before you
is the most outstanding disciple of High God Zhe Yan.
From now on, your centuries-old illness will be treated by this emissary.
Thank you, Emissary...
This pulse is neither irregular nor solid
neither slow nor rapid, neither increasing nor decreasing.
It is as Zhe Yan said.
The pulse is just right.
Emissary, my son's illness...
Water King, please wait outside.
I need to use my magical powers to find the cause of his illness.
It has to be very quiet.
Yes.
Master...
Zhe Yan has told me that you are right here in this body.
I've finally found you.
I am late.
Master!
Why are you crying?
Is this illness incurable?
Even if it's incurable, you don't have to cry so hard.
Don't cry.
I won't blame you if you can't cure me.
These are tears of joy.
You...
I had thought that you were too kind-hearted
but you're actually happy to see me suffer?
I'm not happy about that.
Your Highness, get some rest.
Zhe Yan is right.
If Master is to use Die Yong's mediocre body to recuperate
it will take another 7,000 or 8,000 years.
However, if I can borrow the Celestial Tribe's Soul-gathering Lamp
and transfer half of my 140,000-year-old essence to him
Master will wake up sooner.
It seems that I will have to take a trip back
to the Nine Heavens to see the Heavenly Lord.
Where's High God Zhe Yan?
High God Zhe Yan said that he had important matters to handle.
Emissary is to stay in the West Sea and he will return tomorrow.
Where is your Water King?
An important guest has just arrived.
Please feel free to ask us to carry out trivial tasks.
Take me to the hall then.
I need to see the Water King.
The rest of you are to stay and look after the prince.
- Yes. - Yes.
Emissary, please come with me.
Emissary, this way.
You didn't raise A-Li so you only regard him as a stepson.
If he were your son, would you still say such words?
Ye Hua...
Ye Hua...
You...
This scar...
Were you scarred saving Mo Yuan?
Bai Qian...
Do I have a place in your heart?
You've waited 70,000 years for him.
Now that he's returned...
You certainly couldn't care for anyone else.
It was just wishful thinking.
Are you referring to my mentor?
Why would it concern you whether my mentor returns or not?
Besides, only Zhe Yan, my fourth brother, and I knew about my mentor.
How did you learn about this?
Zhe Yan told me about it.
I even know that in order to make him wake up sooner
you will need the Soul-gathering Lamp.
Tell me.
What else do you plan to do after getting the lamp?
I'm going to Yingzhou for the divine fungal grass.
I'll use my cultivation to create an elixir with the grass
and feed it to Die Yong.
Then my mentor will wake up in no more than three months.
You're crazy.
You think that you can get the divine fungal grass so easily?
I have to get that grass no matter what happens!
I know that the four mystical beasts guarding the grass are very fierce.
My father was badly injured when he fought them.
And you still plan to do it?
Definitely!
You would risk your life for him?
Ye Hua, it's good that you came here.
I need to speak to you about something.
Our engagement...
Why don't we just cancel it?
What did you say?
I've heard that the Heavenly Lord will pass on the throne to you.
I also know that during the coronation
you and I will have to take 81 sacred blazes
and 9 holy thunderbolts.
Rightfully, I should endure that with you.
However, I have to transfer my cultivation to my mentor.
I might not be able to take on fires of karma with you.
We weren't supposed to be married in the first place anyway.
It was all because of Sang Ji's mistake that embarrassed Qing Qiu.
The Heavenly Lord didn't want to look bad
so he arranged for us to be engaged.
Leave it to Qing Qiu to break off the engagement.
We don't really have to care too much about the past anymore.
I understand.
Come to my room tonight.
The Soul-gathering Lamp isn't in the Celestial Palace.
I have it with me.
It all turns out to be just wishful thinking after all.
How much do I owe you? Who knows what you owe me?
It's all a mess now.
It can't be sorted out anymore.
