Your Highness.
- Is Fifth Sister here? - Aunt?
Didn't she say she was going to Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods?
You didn't see her?
She was there last night
but I haven't seen her since I woke at daybreak.
Has she returned?
She has not.
However, Zhe Yan is here.
- Zhe Yan? - Yes.
He is back from the Celestial Palace?
Yes, I am back.
What brings you by Bai Qian's Fox Den?
Why are you here?
I just returned from the Celestial Palace.
That's right.
I've been focused on where Fifth Sister might be
and I've forgotten you went to Celestial Palace to cancel the marriage.
Come.
Let me tell you about her marriage arrangement.
Has it been canceled?
The marriage to second prince Sang Ji is canceled
but the marriage arrangement with the Celestial Tribe is still in place.
What do you mean?
Let me tell you all about it.
Dijun?
Did it ring?
Why are you here?
I followed my aunt here.
Aunt?
Bai Qian of Qing Qiu, who never appears in public?
Yes, my aunt is Bai Qian.
I remember last night...
I'm not sure if it was last night anymore.
Before I fell asleep, I saw my aunt leaving Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods
so I followed her all the way here.
Could it be... your aunt is somehow tied to Kunlun Mountain?
No, I've never heard her mention it.
Did your aunt leave you this?
Yes, my aunt left it.
Do you know what is written in this?
My aunt said a magic technique is recorded there.
That's correct.
The technique to seal a spirit within the Bell of the East Emperor is written here.
The Bell of the East Emperor?
Isn't that the magical weapon that can destroy heaven and earth?
That is correct.
Isn't that the artifact that
caused Mo Yuan's soul to be scattered 70,000 years ago at Ruoshui Riverbank?
That is correct.
Mo Yuan used this very technique to seal away Qing Cang.
It seems your aunt does indeed have many ties to Kunlun Mountain.
How is that possible? My aunt has never left Qing Qiu since she was born.
Is that true?
It is true.
You are my savior. I wouldn't dare lie to you.
Where are you going?
The color of your outfit is strange, but it looks quite nice.
Where did you buy it?
Qing... Qing Qiu.
A-Yin.
I like you.
Since you've tacitly consented, why must you act so shy?
When did I tacitly consent?
Li Jing.
If you wake up, I'll give you my promise.
Once you promise me, you can't go back on your word.
In this lifetime, I, Li Jing
will only be with A-Yin.
If I break this oath
I shall have no posterity and live a life of loneliness.
Back then, you said
you would be with me regardless of what happens.
Now you say you were foolish.
Very well.
I'll let you two be.
How long are you going to keep following me?
Did I want you to?
Zhe Yan says a debt must be repaid.
If I don't repay it here
then I'll have to repay it elsewhere.
So, I've thought about it carefully
and I think I should be proactive about repaying this debt.
This way, I'd able to choose how I repay you.
Then...
how do you plan on repaying me?
Ever since Mo Yuan left, Kunlun Mountain hasn't been this lively.
Dong Hua Dijun.
What are you doing at Kunlun Mountain?
I was just passing by and came in to take a look.
The place is now deserted and no longer as magnificent as it was back then.
Apologies for intruding.
A-Yin.
It has been 70,000 years. Where have you gone?
Dijun.
I came upon this just now and finally understand.
The Bell of the East Emperor's seal is not permanent.
This must be reported immediately to Heavenly Lord to make a plan.
When will the seal be lifted?
It happens today.
Today?
The sealing spell lifts after 70,000 years.
70,000 years? Then...
A lady appeared at Ruoshui Riverbank today.
She must have known the sealing spell was about to be lifted
and was there to seal Qing Cang.
70,000 years.
Not even you knew the sealing spell would be lifted.
Who else in this world could predict this?
It was not a prediction. Instead...
This lady already knew of this fact, but did not tell anybody.
I'm afraid she had already planned to fight Qing Cang alone
and not involve anybody else.
The more I hear from you
the more I admire this lady.
Dijun, who might this lady be?
It is most likely...
This young princess's aunt.
My aunt?
I have yet to ask. This is...
I am Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu.
Granddaughter of the Fox King.
- Princess Feng Jiu. - That is me.
Then your aunt is Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
That's right, my aunt is Bai Qian.
Then isn't she the Crown Prince's Crown Princess Consort?
What Crown Princess Consort?
Isn't my aunt marrying the second prince?
Why has it turned into the crown prince?
It is a long story.
- Then make it a long story short. - All right.
Then we'll have to start from that little snake from your aunt's den.
Little snake? Do you mean Shao Xing?
Yes, Shao Xing.
Shao Xing-
Why do you guess that it is Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
The scroll you're holding
is what Bai Qian left for the princess last night.
The Bell of the East Emperor's sealing method is written in detail.
Don't you find it too much of a coincidence?
It is too much of a coincidence.
However, I have one question.
It's said Bai Qian has never stepped foot outside of Qing Qiu after she was born.
How did she come to know about Mo Yuan's special sealing technique?
That is also what puzzles me.
Moreover, this kind of special technique is passed down from master to disciple.
Mo Yuan never accepted a female disciple.
Your Highness.
Do you know something we don't?
My aunt has no relation to Kunlun Mountain.
Then that's strange.
I'm afraid this question will only be answered
when Mo Yuan comes back from the dead.
Or...
When Ye Hua marries Bai Qian, you can ask her yourself.
You must be joking, Dijun.
Miss Bai Qian of Qing Qiu has such a high rank.
I do not dare speak carelessly.
Star Lord, you've piqued my interest in hearing a story.
You'll have to explain everything.
After that, you have to help me repay Dijun's kindness.
Repay his kindness?
That's correct.
Quick, tell me.
Why is my aunt marrying the crown prince?
And you were talking about my aunt sealing the Bell of the East Emperor.
Everything is so confusing.
Can you explain everything to me?
Let's go.
Let's talk while we go.
Where do you want to start?
Start from the snake then.
All right.
I was only gone for a few days.
That snake made my aunt into the world's laughingstock?
No, even if Zhe Yan and Grandfather can tolerate it
I cannot!
So what if you cannot? Your aunt doesn't even care.
She can tolerate it because she is magnanimous.
I cannot tolerate it.
Why don't you take me to the Celestial Palace?
What? I have to teach that snake a lesson.
Then wouldn't I be committing the crime of aiding and abetting?
You ruined your life's prospects for this woman.
Do you harbor any resentment?
I dare not.
You can take this snake with you, but you are not to give her any title.
That is the most I can tolerate.
I accept your command.
Shao Xing, stop right there.
My aunt has treated you well.
Yet you dare steal her future husband, causing her to be ridiculed by the world?
Princess.
Do you still acknowledge me as the princess?
It is all my fault.
Please do not be angry, Your Highness.
Be mindful of your health.
You were always good at pretending to be delicate.
Impudence! Where did this feral girl come from?
You dare behave atrociously in the Celestial Palace?
You dare stand in my way? You-
You are that heartless man.
The Celestial Palace's second prince, Sang Ji.
No, you've been demoted. You are no longer the second prince.
You are Water King of the North Sea.
Your rank is lower than mine. What right do you have to stand in my way?
Shut up!
Water King of the North Sea.
Please calm down, Water King of the North Sea.
Princess, please calm down as well.
Since the Heavenly Lord has made his ruling
then you two should try to maintain some harmony.
Out of respect for Star Lord Si Ming, I'll let you off this time.
I am a princess of Qing Qiu. I don't need your pardon.
You were unfaithful to Qing Qiu first.
- You can't even take a lecture from me? - You-
Feng Jiu.
Dijun.
How... How come you're here?
If I didn't come
was I to let you have a confrontation with Water King of the North Sea?
I am just standing up for my aunt.
This is the young princess of Qing Qiu. She has been spoiled by the Fox King.
Please do not take it to heart, Water King.
I don't dare.
This lady...
Have you always been serving by the side of Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
Yes.
Then...
Have you ever heard of Si Yin?
Oh no, is Dijun investigating Mo Yuan's whereabouts?
Then will Shao Xing...
I do not know.
At least she has some conscience left.
Do you know who I am?
I do not.
I am Dong Hua Dijun.
If you lie to me, nobody would be able to save you.
Dijun, you're a bully!
truly have never heard of Si Yin.
Hold it together.
Dijun, do not pressure her.
She stays in Qing Qiu all year round.
How could she possibly know Si Yin of Kunlun Mountain from 70,000 years ago?
That is true.
- Dijun. - Dijun.
Taichen Palace?
Outrageous! You dare trespass into Taichen Palace?
So there is still a place in this world that I, Bai Feng Jiu, cannot enter.
How unexpected that there would still be a human
who would dare come to Mount Junji of the Far East.
The Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
70,000 years ago... 70,000 years ago...
I will bury you all with the dead!
Impossible.
That was clearly a mortal in that hut.
And it was a woman.
But why would she have the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
Scarlet Flame Golden Lion.
Who are you?
Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe, Ye Hua.
Why is there red lightning on this mountain?
Run!
Quick, run!
Run!
There's a monster!
Run!
I have been hiding from the Celestial Tribe for 70,000 years.
Why must you be so ruthless?
As a man sows, so shall he reap.
Mother!
Mother, where are you?
My child!
It is a dragon!
- It's a dragon god! - A dragon god!
A dragon god!
Dragon god!
Dragon god!
Thank you!
The Golden Lion's crimson hellfire sure is powerful.
I actually cannot even return to my human form.
I'll have to rest here for a few days.
You're awake.
Here.
There's a cat at my house. I hope you two can get along.
Does it taste good?
How come you're here?
Little black snake, come with me.
What is this place?
That person?
In my dream, that person was a man.
How come it is a woman now?
You're awake.
Do you know?
You're the most attractive snake of the ones I've met.
Look, there are even horns on your head.
They feel so smooth. How nice.
Do I look like a snake?
When I saw you in the cave
I thought you were hibernating for the winter.
Then I remembered it's only the ninth month of the year.
It's not time for snakes to go into hibernation yet.
So I figured you might have been injured
and brought you back to nurse you.
The Golden Lion might be powerful, but he can't hurt me.
Do you know what this place is?
Other than birds and beasts, why aren't there any other humans?
This is Mount Junji of the Far East.
The Golden Lion has forcibly occupied the mountain for over 10 years
so naturally, nobody would dare hunt here.
Let me tell you. I only have this hut.
You look like you don't have a home to return to either.
Why don't you stay and I'll take care of you?
I only need three days to be able to resume my human form
and return to the Celestial Palace.
Why would I need you to take care of me?
No, I shouldn't discuss this with you.
Since I brought you back, you should stay to accompany me.
But if you want to leave, I won't stop you.
However, you must not have any other owner, all right?
Owner?
All right.
I couldn't catch any animals. I only have some fruit.
Have these to eat.
This fan...
Could it be the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
How would a mortal have Kunlun Mountain's artifact?
Your Highness.
Why is His Highness resting so early today?
Is he feeling unwell?
Princess, His Highness received Heavenly Lord's orders
and has gone to the mortal realm to subdue the Golden Lion.
Golden Lion?
Isn't that Qing Cang's mount?
Yes, it is that Golden Lion.
It fled to the mortal realm due to unforeseen events in the Ghost Realm.
Then when will His Highness be back?
I've made soup for him. I'm afraid it will cool.
A day in heaven is a year on earth.
His trip there and back
will at most be the time it takes for an incense stick to burn.
Then please bring this soup inside for me
so His Highness can drink it when he returns.
Yes.
They don't attend court
and yet the separate clans expect me to commend their loyalty?
Please calm down, Father.
Kunlun Mountain has already disbanded.
I believe peaceful relations are most necessary.
We can only try to placate the clan leaders.
Eldest Brother is correct.
The Mermaid Clan is in the south. The north is not at peace either.
We must not raise internal strife at this time.
I understand. You two need not be so worried.
Where is Ye Hua?
Your Majesty.
Crown Prince has gone to the mortal realm to subdue the Golden Lion.
Since Ye Hua is not here, why don't you two speak first
about what plans you have
to make the clan leaders believe my sincere intentions for harmony?
Su Jin, you may leave.
Your Majesty.
Do you believe that I am siding with outsiders?
Your Majesty brought me into the Celestial Palace when I was a child. I...
You are a woman. There is no use for you to stay here.
You may go.
Yes.
I have a way to pacify the separate clans.
You have a way? What is it?
Grant me the title of side consort.
Confer the title of side consort to you?
If you confer the title of side consort to me
you would not be strengthening the power of any one clan
and it would also show the whole world
that Your Majesty values each and every clan.
I am already old.
I have long since lost interest in the harem.
I will be holding you back.
I only wish to do something for Your Majesty.
I wish to do something useful for the world, just as my father did.
It is precisely because your father made sacrifices for the Celestial Tribe
that I have even more reason to not allow you to do so.
The south poses trouble from the Mermaid Clan
while the north is in such unrest.
The Celestial Tribe is in need of manpower.
Do not hesitate any longer, Your Majesty.
I am willing to do this. I have absolutely no complaints.
You do not understand, child.
This is an important life decision.
You must not act rashly.
If...
If Your Majesty feels you owe me a debt
could you allow me this?
In the future, no matter what wish I may have
Your Majesty will grant it to me.
Why didn't I notice you were injured when I took you in?
When I took in those birds, I also used this herbal medicine on them
and they were healed within 10 days.
Bear with it for a while. I'll be done soon.
This is the yellowseed herb found only in the far east.
It can remove rotting flesh.
It must be used with the juice of berries with a regenerative effect to be useful.
By using this by itself, aside from making my injuries worse
there is no other benefit.
All done. Aren't I good to you?
Snakes like to eat raw meat, right?
Snakes do like to eat raw meat.
But I do not.
Eat it. You'll get hungry.
Meat must be cooked before it's eaten.
If you starve, I'll be sad.
Presumptuous!
You still won't eat?
Are you not eating because you want me to give you another kiss?
No... No need. I'll eat.
The snakes here are so smart.
They even know to pick out the food they like to eat.
It's a good thing that I brought you back that day.
You're much smarter than those birds and cats.
Why don't you come with me to the market for some things?
I've already been here for three days.
I should be leaving now.
Although you've made my injuries a bit worse
it was out of good intentions.
Thank you for your three days of hospitality.
Farewell then.
Let's go then.
Can't you see it'll rain soon?
It's about to rain! I have to find a place to hide.
I heard Crown Prince is in this area to subdue the Golden Lion.
It would have been great to have heard the news earlier.
I've been at the Celestial Palace for dozens of millennia
but I never had the chance to speak to him.
Are you about to cast rain?
Crown... Crown Prince.
No need to cast rain today.
Yes.
The dark clouds are clearing already?
You're sleeping again?
If you're not eating, you're sleeping. You truly are a snake.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
Su Jin.
Heavenly Lord.
I have already killed the Golden Lion.
I have come to report back.
Good. You subdued him so easily.
You have indeed lived up to my expectations.
However, I was careless and was injured.
I am not worthy of your confidence in me.
- Is it serious? - No, it is just a light injury.
The wound has just not been handled well and will need a new dressing.
Crimson hellfire is no ordinary monster power.
Do not treat this lightly.
Yes.
- Come, put some effort into it. - Slowly, slowly. Be careful.
- Clear this up. Let me help you. - Put it here. Here, give me that.
Here, hold this.
Watch out for your foot.
- Put this over there. - All right.
There's still some more wood over there.
Pick it all up.
Sir, what happened here?
Yesterday, there was a monster that looked much like a lion.
Its whole body was red. It spewed flames everywhere.
Look, it burned everything here.
The heavens must have been looking after us.
A black dragon suddenly appeared and cast rain, putting out all the fires.
It even killed the monster with a single thunderbolt.
Did the monster look like a lion?
That is what is being said.
The Golden Lion?
Sir, do you know where the monster's corpse is?
You are such a strange lady. You want to see the monster's corpse?
I don't know, I don't know.
Back then, Li Yuan disappeared with Father's mount, the Golden Lion.
If it really is the Golden Lion
I'll be able to find a clue to Li Yuan's whereabouts.
I sold some fruit and got some money.
Let's go to the teahouse for tea and opera later.
Let's go.
Come, take a look at this talisman.
If yesterday's events happen again
this will give you the black dragon's protection
and leave you unharmed.
- I'll have one! - Come, come.
- I want one! - Plenty for all.
Can this talisman really ward off evil?
Of course. Do you want a talisman, Miss?
I'm not afraid of monsters.
For a lady, you have such courage. You're not afraid of monsters?
- It was beaten to the ground. - Good, good!
Before you knew it, the hero had turned around and rode astride the tiger
and delivered a few cuffs and kicks.
- Good, good! - Miss.
Why did you follow me? I'm not buying a talisman.
I only want to ask you about the origins of this fan.
I picked it up.
How about selling it to me?
It's not for sale. This fan is the first item I found.
I'm keeping it as a memento.
It is of no use to you. Why must you insist on keeping it?
I said I'm not selling it.
- Miss, look. - You!
Miss, why did you steal my fan while I was making talismans?
Who stole your fan? Give it back-
You!
I was selling talismans outside just now.
You came to join the crowd and stole my fan while I was unawares.
I found this fan.
- You- - Everybody, look!
Come, come.
Miss, since you are so stubborn
why don't we have someone else bear witness
and see who this fan really belongs to?
The fan originally belongs to me.
Why should I need someone else to make the judgment?
If this fan really does belong to you
then do you know what is drawn on this fan
and who had inscribed the words on it?
Yes, that is reasonable.
I did not take a close look at it before.
Of course you don't know.
Even if you did know, you wouldn't know the history of this fan.
This was passed down from my ancestors.
It has been passed down for several generations to me.
The painting on here depicts the immortals' Kunlun Mountain.
This fan is an immortal's artifact, the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun.
Is it that impressive?
Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
