- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
You may all go.
- Yes. - Yes.
What do you think of this place?
How does it compare to Qing Qiu?
It's so beautiful.
This is the Celestial Palace's lotus pond
as well as the most beautiful place in Celestial Palace.
Sneaking you into the Celestial Palace is not what I wished to do.
Give me some time.
I'll have you appear before all in a dignified manner
and receive bows of salutations from all the immortals.
Your Highness.
Third Brother.
Second Brother.
Is this person from Qing Qiu's Fox Den?
This is someone I just selected to serve as my personal maid.
What is the matter, Third Brother?
Have you started to become interested in my personal maids?
I'm asking if she is from Qing Qiu's Fox Den.
Was it Ye Hua who told you?
It really is Bai Qian's maid?
That is correct.
Second Brother, there is no time to lose.
Quickly send this snake back to Qing Qiu before Father returns.
No.
You must not go. I'll do it.
Since I have brought her here, I won't be sending her back.
This must be handled with care.
You can like anybody but her.
I am the second son of the Heavenly Lord.
Can I not even decide on my own concubines?
Ever since the war 70,000 years ago when Mo Yuan's soul was scattered
the clan leaders of the Celestial Tribe
have held increasingly less regard for Father.
Father only arranged a marriage alliance to stabilize his position.
- Second Brother, you must not- - That's enough.
I understand.
We must not displease Qing Qiu.
It's good you understand.
If I am to be forced to marry Bai Qian
then this maid of hers that I like must also be accepted into the palace.
You absolutely must not!
You have not married Bai Qian yet
but you take her maid here first
and want to marry both mistress and maid at the same time?
Aren't you showing the whole world that Bai Qian is inferior to a snake?
Your Highness, you had best send me back.
Shao Xing, don't be afraid.
Third Brother, you are right.
Consider the greater good, Second Brother.
When Father returns
I will make a request to cancel the marriage
and then rightfully take a consort.
You want to cancel the marriage?
What did you say? You want to cancel the marriage?
Father, I had thought that as a prince of the Celestial Tribe
my marriage would only be for appearance's sake
and for the Celestial Tribe's greater good.
Is it not?
That is indeed what I thought before I went to Qing Qiu.
However, after I arrived at Qing Qiu, I did not see my fiancee, Bai Qian.
She only left a message
saying she was going into seclusion for self-cultivation.
She left me at Qing Qiu's Fox Den.
Although I was furious, I carefully complied with your orders.
I continued to stay there to await her return.
However, the wait stretched out to a whole month.
I believe Bai Qian of Qing Qiu is proud and arrogant.
She looks down upon the Celestial Tribe.
So what of one month?
Even if it is 30,000 years, you must still wait!
Moreover, she has succeeded the throne as queen of Qing Qiu.
A queen marrying a prince! What more could you be discontent about?
But, Father, I...
Sang Ji.
Do you have something to say?
Let me guess what you want to say.
Did you fall in love with another woman while at Qing Qiu
and allowed your feelings to grow deep?
How would I dare do something that would defy your orders?
Very well.
Guards.
Bring in the snake that trespassed into the Celestial Palace.
How did you meet him in Qing Qiu?
Heavenly Lord, I do not know him.
You've forgotten?
You do not need to look at him.
In the Celestial Palace
all princes must abstain from emotions or carnal pleasures.
Marriage and procreation is for the sake of the Celestial Tribe
and for the world.
It is not for love.
He cannot save you.
Nor would he dare to.
Heavenly Lord, I really do not know him.
Take this snake who trespassed into Celestial Palace
and throw her off Zhuxian Terrace.
- Yes. - Please spare my life, Heavenly Lord!
- Heavenly Lord! - Stop right there!
I'm the one who wants to cancel the marriage.
- It has nothing to do with Shao Xing. - What did you say?
Shao Xing may be Bai Qian's maid, but she is also my beloved.
I implore you to allow me to cancel the marriage with Bai Qian
and marry Shao Xing!
As matters stand now, you still want to marry her?
That is correct.
I am determined to marry Shao Xing in this lifetime.
Absolutely disgraceful.
Take this snake and throw her into Evil Sealing Pagoda.
Nobody is to come near without my orders.
- Yes. - Spare my life, Heavenly Lord!
- Heavenly Lord! - Father!
She cannot survive in Evil Sealing Pagoda!
Father!
I am going to see how long she can last in there.
How dare she seduce my son?
She didn't seduce me. I truly do love her.
Sang Ji.
Do you want your nephew to see you in such a disappointing state?
Keep on kneeling.
You are not like your Second Uncle.
I have very high hopes for you.
You are the future Heavenly Lord.
In the Celestial Palace, you can have many consorts
but you cannot have a woman who will make you lose your principles.
You were born for the world, not for a woman.
I understand.
Greetings, Your Majesty.
Your Highness.
What do you have to report?
Report, Heavenly Lord.
It is still the matter concerning Zhong Rong State in the mortal realm.
I have already handed the matter over to the Crown Prince.
The Scarlet Flame Golden Lion is Qing Cang's mount.
Go subdue him yourself
to promote your prestige throughout the four seas
in preparation for receiving the Crown Prince's seal in the future.
Yes.
Your Highness, there is one thing you must bear in mind.
What is it?
When you go to vanquish the Golden Lion
be sure not to interfere with the fates of mortals.
When immortals become involved with mortals
destiny will be thrown into disorder.
It could be detrimental to you.
The mortal realm has usually been under your control.
I will not meddle.
I understand.
Heavenly Lord, I have finished my studies.
Back in the day, Sang Ji also had very high comprehension
but he did not perform as well you have.
I must reward you generously.
What would you like?
I want to see my mother.
A doting mother fails to raise a child properly.
You will be inheriting my legacy one day.
Your mother was destined to be unable to raise you to be worthy enough.
She would only raise you to be irresolute.
Not allowing you to see her is for your own good.
I only wish to see Mother.
If you want me to permit you to see her
then ascend to high immortal before you are 20,000 years old.
Heavenly Lord, these lightning bolts are not ordinary lightning bolts.
They are lightning bolts experienced by immortals facing ascension.
If he cannot endure them, he will lose his life.
His Highness is merely 20,000 years old.
Stop talking.
Your Majesty promised me
if I could ascend to high immortal before I am 20,000 years old
you would allow me to see Mother.
Today, I have passed the trial and ascended.
When may I see Mother?
Take Ye Hua to see his mother.
Thank you, Father.
Ye Hua.
I only have this one son.
From the moment he was born, he was given the status of Crown Prince.
He was taken from me for 20,000 years.
I have never seen him once.
Why is he covered with injuries when I finally see him?
Was being born into the Celestial Palace not his good fortune
but a calamity?
Ye Hua is the future Heavenly Lord.
It is only natural that he is held in high regard.
So what if he is to be Heavenly Lord?
If he lives an unhappy life
he would be better off being a lowly water king of some random land.
It would still be better than this Celestial Palace.
Mother, do not blame Father. It was my fault.
I knew I had to face the heavenly trial, yet I still wore such light clothing.
From now on, I will only wear black clothing
so that bloodstains will no longer be visible
so as to avoid causing you distress.
Look at what your father and Heavenly Lord turned you into.
Do you think you won't bleed if you change your choice of clothing?
It will only be covered and hidden from sight.
Your inclination to suffer in silence
will only bring yourself anguish.
You're awake?
What are you here for?
I brought you some food.
Here.
Who does that figure belong to?
Why has it been constantly appearing lately?
Could it be an ominous foreshadowing?
Ye Hua.
I've made you many clothes.
Why have I only seen you wear this black outfit?
It is so dismal and gloomy. You do not look youthful at all.
I heard the palace maids talking today.
They said Second Prince went to Qing Qiu specifically to propose marriage
yet he took a liking to Bai Qian's maid instead.
I think it would be quite nice for His Highness to marry a snake.
I heard Bai Qian of Qing Qiu has already taken the throne as queen.
Her rank is extremely high.
You and I are both younger than her.
If she really does enter the Celestial Palace one day
I'm afraid you and I won't have an easy time.
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua!
Heavenly Lord's orders are that nobody is to come near Evil Sealing Pagoda.
Impudence.
Do you dare block my way?
Step aside.
Step aside!
Your Highness, please control yourself.
You...
Second Brother.
Second Brother!
Those are Father's orders. Do not make their jobs difficult.
I don't even know if Shao Xing is still alive inside.
How can I be at ease?
Let me try.
Heavenly Lord's orders are to not allow anyone to come near
for fear someone will take the snake away.
However, he did not say nobody is to speak with her.
Is that correct?
Second Brother, go talk to Miss Shao Xing and see how she is doing first.
Then plan accordingly.
Do not behave recklessly.
Shao Xing, can you hear me?
Shao Xing!
Shao Xing!
Your Highness!
Shao Xing, have the evil creatures inside injured you?
Your Highness!
Aside from Aunt, only you have been good to me.
I have lived for over 70,000 years.
It is my good fortune to have met you.
Your Highness!
Shao Xing!
Shao Xing!
Your Highness!
Your Highness!
Second Brother. Second Brother!
Ye Hua.
It is time for you take a consort or two.
Are there any women you like?
No.
You...
just don't have any interest in women.
Yet, your second uncle...
It is clearly such a fine marriage arrangement.
Others could only hope to have it.
Yet, he even wants to cancel the arrangement.
Your Majesty, Second Prince seeks an audience.
Seeks an audience?
Isn't he supposed to reflect on his mistakes in quiet?
Send him away.
Your Majesty, His Highness is kneeling outside Zichen Hall.
I dare not urge him to leave.
- Let him in. - Yes.
You may go.
You need not step outside.
Yes, Your Majesty.
Second Uncle.
Father.
Are you afraid of embarrassment?
Do not be afraid.
Since you have taken a liking to that snake
you are bound to be the world's object of ridicule someday.
What do you have to be afraid of in front of your nephew today?
Speak.
I came today to ask you to set Shao Xing free.
You need not speak further about this matter.
I will not change my mind.
Please do not pressure me anymore.
If you continue to insist
then I will have to accompany her to death.
You want to die for her?
I am a prince of the Celestial Tribe.
Yet, I cannot even protect my woman.
Would death not be a better choice?
Very well.
Very well.
This is my son.
Sang Ji, listen well.
If you wish to die, I cannot stop you.
However, the life of that snake
is still in my hands.
Go ahead and destroy your spirit.
After you die...
I will have my ways to torment that snake.
Why must you make Shao Xing's life difficult, Father?
I merely want to take a consort.
Why can I not?
If you want to take a consort, I would not stop you.
Yet, you go so far as to defy me for a woman
and would even die for her!
As a prince of the Celestial Tribe
you can share your love among all your women
but you absolutely must not
forget your priorities because of a woman.
I am not purposely making her life difficult.
You are the one who has implicated her.
Leave now.
This Second Prince really has no sense of propriety.
In just a few days
news of the canceled marriage has spread throughout the world.
Canceling the marriage is one thing.
But to use a maid to humiliate my daughter?
That is too outrageous.
It is absolutely intolerable.
Indeed.
Intolerable.
Come now. Let's go to the Celestial Palace.
They do not come and we even have to go ourselves?
Do you not know?
Your daughter that is being mocked by the entire world
has been staying at my woods for five days now.
She does not want to marry either.
Why don't we take this chance and have Qing Qiu cancel the marriage?
We be the ones to call off the marriage?
Yes, not only will we cancel the marriage
but we'll make Heavenly Lord compensate us.
You have been sleeping ignorantly for five days now.
Have I been sleeping for five days?
The day after tomorrow will be the day Qing Cang breaks out of the Bell.
I don't know if I'll be able to return.
Let me take a longer look at the Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods.
Something seems amiss about you.
Don't tell me you're bothered about Sang Ji canceling the marriage.
Because of Sang Ji?
I met him once when I was Si Yin.
I thought absolutely nothing of him.
So why would I care if he cancels the marriage? Why would I be hurt?
That's good. Come.
Fourth Brother, let me ask you a question.
If Qing Cang was not sealed away 70,000 years ago
what do you think the world would be like now?
If Qing Cang was not sealed away, then Mo Yuan would still be alive.
As long as Mo Yuan is alive
then the world would definitely be at peace.
Yes, as long Master is alive, the four seas would surely be at peace.
By the way, Fourth Brother, where is Xiao Jiu?
Didn't you say she would be here in the peach tree woods?
Xiao Jiu?
She hasn't been back in many days.
But, she will definitely return today.
Why today?
Have you forgotten? It is your birthday today.
You have already lived for hundreds of millenia
so there's nothing special about a birthday.
But, Xiao Jiu has followed you since she was young
and is more respectful to you than to her own parents.
It is your birthday today. She'll surely be back.
I'm too slow.
I just need to pass through these woods and I'll be at Qing Qiu.
Go!
I was just passing through.
I am Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu! Don't be so rude!
Dong Hua Dijun?
Who are you?
Dong Hua Dijun.
How much longer do you intend on hugging me like this?
Are you really Dong Hua Dijun?
Do I not look like him?
You don't.
I've seen a portrait of you before in Zhe Yan's collection of books.
You really do not look like him.
Zhe Yan?
Yes, Zhe Yan, high god of Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods.
Who are you to him?
I am the daughter of Qing Qiu's Lord of the North
nine-tailed fox descendant, Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu.
Greetings to Dong Hua Dijun.
So it is the Bai family.
A member of the Bai family would be afraid of a Golden Lion?
Have you not ascended to high immortal yet?
Not yet.
Since you have saved my life, I must repay your kindness.
That's not necessary.
What should I do?
My aunt often told me that there exists a cycle of causality in this world.
A cause will have an effect, and a debt must be repaid.
Your aunt? Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
Do you know my aunt?
We had the chance to meet a few times.
Your aunt and the Celestial Tribe have a much deeper relationship.
Is that so? How come I have never heard her mention it?
She doesn't seem very willing to mention the Celestial Tribe.
Do you not know
Zhe Yan and the Fox King Bai Zhi are currently at the Celestial Palace
to speak up for your aunt?
Is that so?
How much longer do you intend on following me?
Dijun, I have been standing guard here for nearly 70,000 years.
The Bell of the East Emperor has never had any unusual activity.
I have observed the stars in the past few days.
Qing Cang seems to have made some movement.
How is that possible?
Hasn't Qing Cang been sealed away by God Mo Yuan dozens of millenia ago?
If it really is as Dijun says, I'm afraid I-
I know you cannot handle Qing Cang.
Keep an eye on the Bell at all times.
If there is any unusual activity in the next ten days
shake this bell and I will come immediately.
I shall do you as you bid.
Remember.
If there is any activity at all
you must use your powers to ring this bell.
Yes.
Seeing as you are a princess of Qing Qiu
I will not dwell on what happened before.
However, if you continue to follow me, do not blame me for being rude.
- That is... - Report, Princess.
That is Dong Hua Dijiun.
When I went to the Celestial Palace with Ghost Lord 20,000 years ago
I had the fortune to catch a glimpse of him.
Dijun has a very high standing in the Celestial Palace.
Even the Heavenly Lord shows him respect.
Why would he be here?
Let's not worry about them.
Father.
Ever since the day of the war
Li Yuan's whereabouts have been unknown.
Li Jing...
He is no longer who he once was.
He still bears a grudge for what you had done to his mother.
It has been 70,000 years.
He still refuses to come see you.
Father.
Please bless me with the fortune to find Li Yuan soon.
Have you followed me all the way here
because you have something to say?
Do I?
Have we already walked all the way here?
If you have something to say, please go ahead.
Ye Hua.
Ever since you became an immortal
you have accomplished numerous unparalleled contributions.
You are also the current Crown Prince, the future Heavenly Lord.
However, in my eyes, you are still not perfect yet.
How am I not perfect?
Standing here now
a single glance is enough for one to know the waxing and waning of a moon.
But to be perfect
one must experience the taste of affection
to know the waxing and waning of life.
You still lack affection.
Affection?
Look at you, as if everything is beneath you.
Let me ask you this.
What do you think of your second uncle's actions today?
It was a trap of his own making.
Then if you were to marry a woman you had never met
someone whose temperament you don't know
would you be willing?
Let me make an analogy at random.
If you were to marry Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
what would you think?
Whether it is Bai Qian of Qing Qiu or Qing Qian of Bai Qiu
there is no difference.
As long as Heavenly Lord bestows the marriage, I will just marry her.
Is that the truth?
Are you trying to ascertain my opinion?
I am thinking of a way to save your second uncle.
I think he has truly been carried away by his emotions this time.
I'm afraid he will cause great trouble because of that snake.
So you want me to take Second Uncle's place
in marrying Qing Qiu's Bai Qian?
That is correct.
You are the Celestial Tribe's heir apparent.
Although you have yet to officially receive the Crown Prince's seal
in the 20,000 years since you've become involved in the governance of the tribe
the immortals of the world have long since addressed you as Crown Prince.
Only you are able to settle this matter.
Only you can take the place of your second uncle to appease Qing Qiu.
All right.
So quickly?
You better not be lying to me.
Bai Qian is 90,000 years older than you.
It is just one more person sleeping on the bed next to me.
What is the difficulty in that?
Insightful.
You still are the astute one.
The marriage alliance between Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu
was originally proposed by you, Heavenly Lord.
Now that it has turned into such an absurdity
what will the world think of my daughter, Bai Qian?
Do you understand, Heavenly Lord?
Even aside from this matter
I feel ashamed in front of you, Fox King.
This snake is truly hateful.
As Bai Qian's maid
she dared to seduce my son
and even tried to marry into the Celestial Palace.
Even if you can tolerate it, I cannot.
In my opinion, Bai Qian did not take the marriage very seriously either.
Why don't you cancel it? What do you say?
No.
This marriage must not be canceled.
