In my opinion
Bai Qian does not take this marriage arrangement seriously either.
Why not have it canceled? What do you say?
No.
This marriage must not be canceled.
This is a promise the Celestial Tribe made to the Fox Clan.
How can such a fine marriage arrangement be spoiled because of a mere snake?
That is true.
I think the Heavenly Lord's point is reasonable as well.
From what I see
Second Prince does not have much interest in Bai Qian either.
Bai Zhi, it would not be nice for us to tear apart a pair of lovers, would it?
Yes.
Fox King, what do you actually think?
Why do you approve of canceling the marriage
and not canceling it?
I think the two of you are both stating very reasonable points.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
Greetings, Heavenly Lord.
Rise.
Yes.
Zhe Yan, Fox King, this is my grandson, Ye Hua.
Greetings to the two of you.
Are you related to Mo Yuan?
I am not related to him.
Heavenly Lord, do you not think your grandson and the high god, Mo Yuan
look exactly alike?
I was once perplexed by this very question.
I even once thought this.
Mo Yuan's soul has been scattered for 70,000 years
but perhaps he held on to one last piece of his soul
and after 20,000 years of rest
he borrowed Ye Hua's identity to make his return.
Borrow His Highness's identity?
He wouldn't.
If Mo Yuan still had one last piece of his soul
he absolutely would not head for anywhere else.
He would definitely return to Kunlun Mountain.
This was only my speculation in the beginning.
Later on, I set my mind at ease.
Mo Yuan ascended to high immortal when he was 25,000 years old.
My grandson ascended when he was only 20,000 years old.
This child...
just wanted to prove he is not Mo Yuan.
Ascended to high immortal when he was just 20,000 years old?
The younger generation will surpass us in time.
He is indeed remarkable.
Does Your Highness have a wife?
His Majesty has yet to bestow marriage.
Good, good.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
Have many guests arrived at the palace hall today?
Aside from Dong Hua Dijun who doesn't like crowds, everyone is present.
- You may go. - Yes.
Are you afraid?
I am not afraid.
All the gods are present today.
If I take this chance to beg Father for mercy
perhaps we may have hope.
If he insists on taking your life, I will follow you.
Your Highness.
I gave the local earth deity at Ruoshui a token.
If Qing Cang shows any activity in the next few days
I will personally take a look.
Should this be reported to Heavenly Lord first?
Let's wait.
Zhe Yan, Fox King.
Stop.
Leave us.
- Yes. - Yes.
How clever.
He chose a moment when so many are present to beg for forgiveness.
I said this was a bad idea.
You said just play along, voice my agreement
and the marriage agreement would be broken off in a respectful manner?
Now look at this. It'll be done in front of all these gods.
Won't Bai Qian lose even more dignity now?
You can't blame me.
How was I to know this Second Prince would have such a courageous spirit?
Sang Ji, how brazen you are.
You even dared to disregard my ban on entering Evil Sealing Pagoda!
Father, I beseech you to grant me my wish.
Shao Xing does not have much power.
If I did not save her
I'm afraid she would not have survived the night.
She would have died in Evil Sealing Pagoda.
You care so much about her fate.
You would even go so far as to die with her?
Yes.
I am willing to... die with Shao Xing.
Very well.
I will grant you your wish.
Today, in front of these two high gods
you and this snake shall apologize for your offenses with your deaths.
Shao Xing.
We may have only been together for three months
but our time together surpasses
the hundreds of millennia I lived before I met you.
Today... you will die first.
I will follow soon after.
Your Highness.
am willing to...
die with you.
Fox King.
Look at how in love these two are.
It isn't as if they committed some heinous crime.
Why don't you hurry and decide if you want the marriage canceled
and put this matter to rest?
Since Zhe Yan pleas for leniency on Second Prince's behalf-
You must not.
The Celestial Tribe is in the wrong.
The Celestial Tribe must be held accountable to the Fox Clan.
May I speak, Father?
What do you want to say?
I reckon it wouldn't be a bad idea for Bai Qian and Second Brother's marriage
to be put to rest.
Presumptuous!
You have no say in the marriage agreement between Celestial Tribe and Fox Clan.
Please allow me finish first, Father.
Go ahead.
If you say something so impudent again, I will punish you severely.
Thank you for allowing me to finish, Father.
And thank you to Fox King for allowing me to speak presumptuously.
Second Brother and Bai Qian's marriage
is one between Celestial Tribe and Fox Clan.
It is a serious matter, an important matter.
It also concerns the friendly relations between Celestial Tribe and Fox Clan.
Since Second Brother cannot marry Bai Qian
why not let another of respectable status in the Celestial Tribe marry Bai Qian?
First, this would still be a marriage between Celestial Tribe and Fox Clan.
Secondly, the dignity of both tribes would remain intact.
How can the groom be so simply replaced? Who do you take Bai Qian for?
Please do not misunderstand, Fox King. I dare not look down upon the Fox Clan.
That is why the one of respectable status that I speak of
is no other than Heavenly Lord's grandson, Ye Hua.
Ye Hua?
That is correct.
It is Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince, the next Heavenly Lord, Ye Hua.
That does sound like a meaningful suggestion.
You are indeed an understanding person.
Second Brother and Bai Qian have never met before.
Nor do they have any feelings for each other.
Now that he has someone he loves, he is even more unworthy of Bai Qian.
If Second Brother were to continue to stand by this marriage arrangement
then it would be unjust for Qing Qiu and the Fox Clan.
Indeed, it would be unjust.
then it would be an even greater display of Celestial Tribe's sincerity.
He is the future Heavenly Lord.
If Bai Qian marries him, she would be the future empress
the most respected woman in the Celestial Palace.
In this case, wouldn't everyone by happy?
Not bad, not bad. Everyone would indeed be happy.
I actually think he is quite a good match for Bai Qian.
Is that right?
I watched Bai Qian grow up.
Why would I choose the wrong man for her?
She has a very stubborn personality.
She was most unwilling with the previous arrangement.
We finally managed to cancel the marriage.
If you accept another marriage arrangement without her approval
wouldn't matters become even more troublesome?
If she is unsatisfied again, then we'll cancel again.
Fox King and I think this is a good idea.
What does Heavenly Lord think?
Ye Hua, step forward to hear my decree.
Your Majesty.
I shall accept this marriage arrangement for you today.
After the wedding date has been settled with Fox King
you shall represent the Celestial Tribe
and marry Qing Qiu's Queen of the East, Bai Qian
bringing her into the Celestial Palace as your Princess Consort.
When you succeed the throne as Heavenly Lord
Bai Qian will become Heavenly Empress.
I accept your command.
Sang Ji.
Yes, Heavenly Lord.
You are banished to the north.
You are demoted to Water Lord of the North Sea.
I accept your command.
That brat. He was let off lightly.
He destroyed his life's prospects for a woman.
Was it worth it?
I still feel a bit guilty. It does not sit well with me.
If you feel guilty, then why don't you marry Bai Qian?
It would still be considered a good arrangement.
She is no ordinary woman.
She is the Fox King's daughter and Qing Qiu's Queen of the East.
If she ascends to high goddess one day
she would become the only high goddess in this world
that nobody would dare offend.
If I had said I wanted to marry her
Fox King Bai Zhi and Zhe Yan would not have found me worthy.
You do not need to explain any further.
It has been decided. I will just marry her.
Guilt, guilt...
Why did you accept the decree?
Why wouldn't I?
Ye Hua.
I know you see it all.
You see what I think of you.
Since you see it all
then why do you still act this way?
What do you think I should see?
You should see
that I like you.
Su Jin.
I have always thought of you as my aunt.
I respect you in the same manner I respect my mother.
You...
Do you mind that I am older than you by 20,000 years?
But... But the woman you will be taking as your wife
Qing Qiu's high goddess, Bai Qian
is a whole 90,000 years older than you!
Ye Hua!
I shouldn't have said that.
I know you have no other choice.
It is to appease Qing Qiu.
I was not forced to make this choice.
I have to take a wife sooner or later. Who it is matters not.
If you are capable, why don't you be like Bai Qian
and leave me no choice but to marry you?
Su Jin.
Kneeling in front of me is no use.
In the Celestial Palace
the only one qualified to bestow marriage for Ye Hua is the Heavenly Lord.
Then I will beg Heavenly Lord.
Su Jin.
I have something to say to you.
Your Highness.
I raised you myself.
I am aware of your feelings for Ye Hua.
I also know if you were to marry him
you would surely be wholeheartedly devoted to him
and take very good care of him.
But that is merely what I wish.
Heavenly Lord and Ye Hua's father have very high expectations of him.
A woman who can be granted marriage to Ye Hua
must be of the Celestial Tribe or a distinguished clan.
Do you understand?
Your Highness means that although I am a princess
it is in name only.
I have no tribe supporting me, no family.
I don't even have parents.
I am not qualified to marry the next Heavenly Lord.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
I was also born from an influential clan.
It is just that in the war, for the sake of the Celestial Tribe, they...
For the Celestial Tribe, they...
Yes.
Your entire clan did sacrifice their lives for the Celestial Tribe.
That is why you were conferred the title of princess and raised by me.
If Ye Hua had feelings for you
perhaps... you would still have a chance.
But he has no feelings for you.
Why must you be so fixated on him?
Choose someone who will treat you well.
You've rattled me senseless.
That Golden Lion just now was much more formidable than you.
Golden Lion?
Is it the Golden Lion that dwells in the woods of the Ghost Realm?
It is very ferocious.
I'm afraid only a powerful high immortal would be able to subdue it.
High immortal, high immortal. Can you stop mentioning high immortals?
I don't know when I'll be able to ascend either.
Oh, yes. What have you summoned me for?
Dijun said you are to use your powers to shake the small bell that he gave you
if there is any activity here.
Do you still remember?
I wouldn't dare forget.
Dijun has changed his mind.
He says it would be better to use this flute instead.
This...
You don't believe me?
How could I dare not believe you?
You came here with Dijun. I saw it with my own eyes.
It's just that...
- What should I do with this bell? - You can just give it to me.
All right. Please take it.
I shall take my leave now.
Oh no. I have to hurry back to celebrate Aunt's birthday.
Your Highness! Please spare my life, Your Highness!
Your Highness!
Spare your life?
You know that I will take your life?
It was only because I saw your face has a resemblance to mine
that I picked you out of all the palace maids
and purposely sent you to serve the Lord.
Yet you dared to secretly throw out the contraceptive decoction
and conceive His Majesty's child?
You are but a palace maid.
And you dare attempt to birth a prince?
Your Highness, it wasn't me.
It was His Majesty. He really wishes to have a child.
I had been attending to him for three straight months
yet he saw I was still not with child.
So, he summoned a shaman to read my pulse
and found out I had drank the contraceptive decoction.
Yes, it was His Majesty! He told me not to drink it!
Shut up.
Your Highness, I defied your wishes. Please spare my life, Your Highness!
Spare your life?
If you were not with child, perhaps I could have spared your life.
But now that you have his child as nothing but a lowly servant
how can I spare you?
Do you want His Majesty to be ridiculed by the whole world?
Your Highness.
Seize her.
Dispose of her cleanly.
- Yes. - Yes.
Xuan Nu, you will meet a cruel end!
I have been loyal and devoted to you, yet you treat me in this manner!
You call me a lowly servant?
It is only that you are unable to bear a child yourself!
You envy me for
bearing His Majesty's child after only three months!
You deserve this! It is retribution!
It is your retribution for betraying Qing Qiu!
You will never have children in this lifetime!
I will have you know in this very moment what it means to meet a cruel end.
Toss her out to the Arctic Lands.
- Feed her to the snow wolves. - Yes!
Xuan Nu, you will meet a cruel end! A cruel end!
Aunt!
Aunt.
The little fox is back.
I rushed back just to celebrate your birthday, Aunt.
May you continue to be the world's number one beauty.
Does it make you happy to hear that?
It does.
You are still the same, old but playful.
You dare call me old?
I'll have you be a fox for a bit, then.
This is nice.
Who knows where you stole it from, though.
Where is Aunt going?
Back in the day, Kunlun Mountain was a picture of grandeur, blanketed by fog
and worshipped by all the gods.
How come it has fallen to such a state now?
So this is the legendary Kunlun Mountain?
From this day forth
you will follow Kunlun Mountain's God of War, Mo Yuan
as his 16th disciple, Zi Lan.
Thank you, Master.
17th disciple, Si Yin.
Thank you, Master.
Master!
This is my heavenly trial, Master!
Ninth.
Ninth!
Wait for me.
Master!
Yesterday, I passed through Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods
and brought back for you three peach blossom wines by Zhe Yan.
Why did you bring wine back for me?
Isn't it your birthday tomorrow?
Aunt came here in the middle of the night just to steal some wine to drink?
Oh no!
Little girl, you've followed me a long way here.
Did you find a moment to admire
the finest sacred land of the Celestial Tribe?
I will be traveling far away.
A magic technique is recorded in this scroll.
I am the only one who knows this technique now.
If I die, this technique will be lost forever.
The world would be in big trouble.
This bell of yours was given to you by Dong Hua Dijun, wasn't it?
I knew at first glance.
As for how you got this bell
if I live to return, I will interrogate you then.
Why would you say that?
Where are you going, Aunt?
You must want to ask me where I am going.
You must also know
if it is something I don't want to tell
nobody would be able to find out from me.
Sleep here for three days.
After three ways, the barrier spell I use to protect you will be broken
shaking the bell, and summoning Dijun for you.
Sleep.
Is the seal indeed about to be lifted?
Save your life, immortal.
It's been 70,000 years.
Mo Yuan's soul has scattered.
But I have merely been imprisoned for 70,000 years.
Qing Cang, do you think you can live freely after 70,000 years?
Although my master is no longer here
he passed on the sealing spell to me.
I, Bai Qian, will seal you away for another 70,000 years
even if I lose my life doing it.
You are Mo Yuan's disciple?
Who exactly are you?
I am Qing Qiu's queen, Bai Qian.
That is, Si Yin of the past!
Crimson hellfire?
You attempt to seal me in?
Only if it is Mo Yuan, back from the dead!
I shall have your appearance and powers repressed
and you shall live out the rest of your life
suffering the hardships of mortality in the mortal realm
never knowing who you really are!
Just yesterday, Qing Cang was displaying signs of waking.
How come it is so calm today?
Greetings, Dijun.
Why are you in such a state?
Report, Dijun.
At daybreak
the Bell of the East Emperor did seem to have unusual activity.
However, just as I popped my head out to look
I was sent back down by an extremely beautiful lady.
Extremely beautiful lady?
Exactly.
Was it the young lady who came with me yesterday?
Then who could it have been?
Oh, yes.
The young lady who came with you yesterday
exchanged the bell with this flute.
The Bell of the East Emperor lies dormant once again.
It's likely nothing serious will happen now.
Give me the flute.
Yes.
I take my leave now.
Who dropped this fan?
Oh well. I'll take it for now.
What is this place?
Who am I?
Where is my family?
Is this the house where your owner lives?
Who am I?
