If I remember correctly
70,000 years ago by Ruoshui Riverbank
there was one female general among those who fought against Kunlun Mountain.
That was you?
Exactly. I'm from the Ghost Tribe.
Kunlun Mountain has no dealings with the Ghost Tribe.
Please leave.
Please let me see Taoist Master Zi Lan.
Zi Lan?
Why would Zi Lan see a demonic woman like you?
Please leave now.
Please show me some mercy.
I'm not here to stir up any trouble.
I just wish to see Zi Lan.
I just wish to see him.
Young lady, although the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe have reconciled
the disciples of Kunlun Mountain won't forget the pain of losing our mentor.
I won't let you up the mountain.
If you take one more step forward
you'll be trespassing in the sacred area of the Celestial Tribe.
I beg you to...
High Immortal, please show her some mercy.
My sister has no intention of trespassing.
She's here on my behalf to seek an audience with High Immortal Zi Lan.
The Ghost Lord would so craftily sneak into the Celestial Tribe's sacred area?
My sister and I came today to borrow Kunlun Mountain's elixir cauldron.
Why would you turn us away?
The Celestial Tribe and Kunlun Mountain are not the same.
We honor High God Mo Yuan.
We won't reconcile with your tribe.
Never.
Li Jing!
You mustn't!
Don't you see that he's going to kill us?
No, don't!
This is our only chance.
We mustn't offend them.
I have to see Zi Lan!
That's enough.
You mean so much more to me than this child.
Yan Zhi, what's wrong?
Why would you suddenly barge into Kunlun Mountain?
Are you in some sort of trouble?
Constable...
Can I borrow Kunlun Mountain's elixir cauldron?
The elixir cauldron?
I'm sorry, Yan Zhi.
I'm no longer the constable in the Mortal Realm.
Now, I'm a disciple of Kunlun Mountain.
Before my senior and his disciples
please tell me why you need to borrow our elixir cauldron.
To save this child.
I have to save him.
Master, forgive me for my insolence.
I have to use this elixir cauldron once for the Ghost Tribe.
I'm ashamed to face you and my fellow disciples.
Your disciple, Zi Lan, hereby swears...
that when Master returns
I'll spend my life guarding the Sea of Innocence.
I'll never enter the Ghost Realm again
nor get in touch with the demonic woman...
as a way to make up for my sins.
Ye Hua, I can't understand your tactical formation strategy at all.
When I was studying under my mentor at Kunlun Mountain
tactical formation strategy was my least favorite subject.
My head now hurts just at the sight of the tactical formation strategy.
My body hurts all over.
Then why are you still sitting there so seriously?
I was worried that you might not be able to hold the brush well
but now that I see you holding it so well
I can't help but want to take a longer look at you.
Mother!
My Riceball is home!
He's holding so many things on his own.
Let him do it.
Mother!
Riceball, you're home.
Cheng Yu! This is my mother!
Isn't my mother very pretty?
So this is the Lady Cheng Yu who dares to challenge her superior?
Your Highness, can I touch Lady Qian Qian?
My mother belongs to my father.
Only my father can touch her.
Who are you to touch her?
All these years, this is the first time I've ever met a female high god.
Why can't I touch her?
You're now teasing my wife right in front of me.
Cheng Yu, you're getting even bolder.
Your Highness is so petty.
A-Li, what is it in your hands?
These are the sugar canes I brought you from Sacred Mountain.
A-Li is the best. Come here.
When Jia Yun came to fetch me, he kept reminding me
that Father's right arm is badly hurt
so I mustn't act willfully and ask Father for a hug.
Father, does your arm still hurt?
It doesn't.
I can still hold you with one arm!
Are you all right?
Be careful.
Don't worry.
Sometime soon I will be able to feel my right arm again.
I know that your arm will recover soon.
It's just that you paint so well.
It would be such a pity if you couldn't paint anymore.
Then Riceball and I would have to get someone else to paint for us.
It would be so troublesome.
Should I paint you something now?
- Now? - Yes.
Lady Qian Qian is so gorgeous.
Any ordinary artist wouldn't dare paint her.
I'm afraid only Your Highness will be able to capture her beauty.
You have the gift of gab.
Let's go, Riceball!
Cheng Yu.
Come and have a seat.
Yes.
I heard that High God is Little Princess Feng Jiu's real aunt?
That's correct.
May I be so bold as to ask High God to pass a message on to Little Princess?
Please tell her that I've gotten into some trouble in the Nine Heavens.
I'd like Little Princess to visit me here.
I'll send someone to pass on the message immediately.
But she hasn't been in the best mood lately.
I don't know if she will come.
High God won't have to worry about it.
Little Princess and I are very close!
You're that close?
No... It's just... Fate!
Fate brought us closer.
All right.
You can get some rest now.
Your Highness, I sat there for such a long time
that my neck is almost twisted.
Why isn't even a corner of my outfit in the painting?
Cheng Yu, why aren't you in it?
Ye Hua doesn't have enough stamina these days.
It's very tiring to paint with only one arm.
Please understand.
He doesn't have enough stamina?
What does that mean?
Does it mean that although Father can hold A-Li
he can't hold Mother?
Ye Hua!
Cheng Yu, take A-Li back to his hall to get some rest.
Ye Hua...
Yes...
Ye Hua...
Put me down quickly.
Ye Hua, I hope you don't mind
that I didn't want to go to the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
What is it?
She is, after all, Riceball's mother.
Although I don't know why she left you and jumped off Zhuxian Terrace
the dead should still be respected.
It wouldn't be appropriate for us to... do it there.
I understand.
Speak your mind.
I've already told Nai Nai to lock away her things.
I also told myself not to look at them in case I get upset.
I've already burned all her things.
There's one more matter.
Qian Qian, why do you have so many matters to discuss today?
What I just mentioned are all matters of the past
but this one matter that I am about to say is very important.
Do you still remember that when we were in the West Sea
I said I wanted to cancel our engagement?
I do.
Back then, I didn't really look into my heart.
Don't take those words to heart.
Now that we share a mutual affection, the engagement can't be canceled.
While I was bored in the West Sea
I looked into the auspicious dates.
The second of September is great for weddings and constructions.
It's a good day for everything.
Why don't you tell Grandfather that we'll get married on that day?
What did you just say?
I know that I might not seem proper by saying that.
It's not ideal for you to bring it up.
Why don't my parents suggest the date?
After all, marriage is an important matter.
It's best for the elderly to discuss it.
Qian Qian...
Say it again.
What is it you would do with me?
Ye Hua...
I love you.
I really do love you.
I want to be with you forever.
Women of Qing Qiu are always very blunt.
We just say whatever we think.
He was raised in the very rigid Celestial Palace.
Will he think of me as too easy now that I said that?
Qian Qian...
Give me another child.
70,000 years ago, I sat here staring out at Kunlun Mountain
thinking of someone in there.
I often think to myself
that if I hadn't been born into the Ghost Tribe as the second prince
everything would be great.
Are you referring to High Immortal Si Yin?
Back then, I thought that she was of the Celestial Tribe.
I thought that it wasn't just the conflict
of both tribes that stood between us
but also the regulation that our tribes are not to be joined in marriage.
You thought that she was from the Celestial Tribe?
What do you mean by that?
Si Yin is a man of the Celestial Tribe!
Do you still not know?
Si Yin is Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
High God Bai Qian.
High God Bai Qian?
So you weren't wrong to fall in love with her then.
I was the one who got it wrong about Si Yin?
I was too young then.
I admired him for his status as a high immortal.
I thought that all men in the Celestial Tribe
should be as cheerful and candid as he was.
Be it love or hate
we should all break it off nice and clean without any hesitation or tricks!
But now...
All right!
Now that I know she's a woman
she's still a high god who isn't afraid to love or hate someone.
Exactly.
That's how A-Yin is.
If she wishes to break it off with you
she will do so nice and clean.
Without any hesitation.
Why aren't you asleep yet?
You already made me sore all over...
Qian Qian...
Yes?
If it is as Li Jing said
the seal on the Bell of the East Emperor will weaken once Mo Yuan returns
and Qing Cang will be able to break free...
What will you do then?
What is the matter?
70,000 years ago, if you had had the chance to seal up the bell
would you really have done it for Mo Yuan?
I'm deeply grateful to my mentor.
If I had had the chance to do that, I'd definitely have done it.
None of the disciples of Kunlun Mountain would hesitate to do that...
What is it?
Let's sleep.
Li Jing.
Why have you never taken a good look at your child?
He should have died 300 years ago.
No! What wrong has he done?
He shouldn't be punished in his mother's stead.
I believe that he'll wake up soon.
Be good, Uncle Zi Lan will be here soon.
Zi Lan asked me to bring you this elixir.
Zi Lan...
Zi Lan is...
This is the prescription that Zi Lan wrote for you.
He said that you've lost all your cultivation
so if you don't nurse yourself back to health
on the 1st and 15th of each month you'll ache so badly all over
that you won't be able to get out of bed.
We have helped you with whatever we could.
Please don't come to Kunlun Mountain again.
I'll take my leave now.
Feed it to my child.
Yes.
Ying'er. Be good.
Cry!
Cry! Come on. Be good.
He's awake.
Zi Lan, I really don't understand how you could bear to use up
half of all your lifetime's cultivation.
That child has a strong, evil aura around him.
Yan Zhi's cultivation isn't enough to save his life.
I definitely had to use mine.
Women are indeed the source of trouble.
Second Disciple, why do you sound more emotional than I am?
I don't think that it's so serious.
Now that the world is at peace, too much cultivation is of no use.
I just need enough to safeguard the Sea of Innocence.
Ye Hua!
What are you smiling at?
What are you smiling at?
Many others would mistake you for my mentor but I never did.
Except for the first time I met you in the Eastern Sea
when you gave me a bit of a shock...
you're actually very different from my mentor.
Is that so?
My mentor's eyes aren't as dark as yours.
They aren't as calm as yours.
Tell me.
You're considered quite young among the gods.
Why would you behave so much like an elderly god?
Even more so than Lord Dong Hua?
You can keep looking for a while longer.
If you're tired, you can nap in my arms.
The sun has already risen.
Are you going to get up or sleep for a while longer?
I'm a bit thirsty.
Get someone to make tea.
Sure.
Starting today
station someone to keep an eye on the Bell of the East Emperor at all times.
Should there be any abnormal movement, report back immediately.
Does Your Highness think Qing Cang will break out soon?
You don't have to know about that.
Just heed my words.
Should there be any abnormal movement in the bell, alarm no one else.
Come to me immediately.
Yes!
You said that you saw High God Bai Qian drugging His Highness's tea?
Did you really see High God Bai Qian do that?
I wouldn't dare lie to you.
How is that possible?
She's engaged to Ye Hua.
She wouldn't do that.
I've always had my doubts about this high god and the Crown Prince.
Doesn't Your Highness feel the same way?
About what?
You may be dismissed.
Yes.
I still remember very clearly what happened 300 years ago.
Doesn't Your Highness find it weird?
Back then, His Highness loved that mortal so deeply.
For 300 years, he guarded that Soul-gathering Lamp.
He was so keen on forging a replica of her.
Why did that suddenly changed after he took a trip to the Eastern Sea?
Even if he were to change his mind that was simply too abrupt.
Now that you've said it, it does coincide with what I think.
I've also been very worried.
Has Ye Hua been bewitched?
Why would he fall for another so quickly?
The Nine-tailed Fox Clan of Qing Qiu is skilled at casting seduction charms.
Perhaps, it was some seduction drug that the maid saw her adding into the tea.
These are but speculations.
After all, she is a high god.
She's also engaged to Ye Hua.
She wouldn't stoop to that.
Even if Ye Hua feels nothing for her, he still has to marry her.
I'm afraid that Your Highness isn't aware of a something.
What else is there that is strange?
Before the Crown Prince went to the Eastern Sea
Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu once took on my form
and stole the Soul-gathering Lamp from Zichen Hall.
What?
She stole the Soul-gathering Lamp?
That Bai Feng Jiu...
As a princess, how could she do such a thing?
Why are you only telling me about this now?
Third Prince and the Star Lord came to apologize on her behalf.
They said that she was too playful and stole the lamp for fun.
They asked me not to blame her anymore.
It was also for the sake of Lord Dong Hua and the Star Lord
that this matter was resolved quietly.
I've heard that Bai Feng Jiu has been fooling around in Taichen Palace
in the name of repaying kindness.
She wreaked such havoc in Taichen Palace.
I thought that Lord Dong Hua would have disliked that little princess.
Who knew that he would be so protective of her?
Lord Dong Hua's mind is unfathomable. Who could have known?
But when I think of this matter, I do find it fishy.
Your Highness, think about it.
Bai Feng Jiu first took away the Soul-gathering Lamp
that had Su Su's blood and bones growing in it.
Then Bai Qian met His Highness in the Eastern Sea.
After His Highness met her he immediately fell for her instead.
His Highness hasn't mentioned making a replica of Su Su since then.
Isn't this all too much of a coincidence?
It is indeed.
Therefore, whether or not
there is an engagement between Bai Qian and His Highness
we must get to the bottom of this matter.
If Bai Qian is so manipulative
Your Highness should report this matter
to the Heavenly Lord and the Crown Prince.
It's too dangerous to make this woman the future Consort or Heavenly Empress.
Exactly!
However, these are still just our speculations.
She is after all High God Bai Qian and the Queen of Qing Qiu.
She is not one we can offend.
She has been to the Celestial Palace twice without greeting me.
Today, I will go and visit her instead.
Mother, you're reading too quickly.
Why would a child read so carefully?
I'll tell you the story when I'm done reading it.
- Your Highness! - Your Highness!
You may all get up.
Greetings, Grandmother.
Get up quickly.
Yes.
Greetings, Crown Prince and High God.
High God Bai Qian.
Consort Le Xu.
According to the rites, I should bow to greet a high god.
However, as you're marrying my son
the greeting formalities between us can be overlooked.
I'll go with Ye Hua's order of seniority in the family.
Bai Qian greets Consort Le Xu.
I'll accept the greeting from my future daughter-in-law then.
Your Highness!
Ye Hua, you're always so busy with work. Your tea has gone cold
before you had the time to drink it.
Why don't I get you a new cup of tea?
There's no need to go to such trouble.
This tea is at my preferred temperature.
You can't drink that tea!
What is wrong with this cup of tea?
I'm just worried that you'll feel unwell from drinking cold tea.
You've only recently recovered from a severe illness.
What if you get sick again after having cold tea?
Mother, fret not.
Qian Qian made me this tea.
She added in the nourishing elixir from High God Zhe Yan.
It's used for improving one's health.
How did he know that I added in the nourishing elixir?
I see.
High God is very thoughtful.
Your Highness need not be so polite.
After all, Ye Hua is my future husband.
I also hope that he can fully recover soon.
Speaking of which, that reminds me of your wedding.
High God has been to the Nine Heavens twice already.
Now that you don't seem to be leaving anytime soon
why don't we move the wedding date forward and have it done soon?
First of all, that would comply with the Celestial Tribe's tradition.
Secondly, this will fulfill the wish of the Heavenly Lord and Ye Hua's father.
What do you think about that, High God?
Although I'm Qing Qiu's Queen, my parents are still alive.
I have to ask them about my marriage.
Good!
I'll speak to the Heavenly Lord
to prepare for the wedding in advance.
After all, the marriage between the Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu's Fox Tribe
is one important occasion that is not to be taken lightly.
Grandmother, A-Li likes you!
You mean that you don't usually like me?
I do but I like you the most today.
I've been looking forward to their wedding.
Then A-Li can have a reason to visit Mother.
If they don't get married you can't visit your mother?
If they don't get married
Mother will have to worry about the Celestial Tribe's regulations.
She has to sneak in here to visit Father.
Last time, she snuck into Father's room late at night.
If she has to do that every time, it will be really hard for me to find her.
Ye Hua, why are you always so quiet?
As Mother said, this is indeed an important occasion
for both the Celestial Tribe and Qing Qiu.
The Heavenly Lord will have to discuss it with the Fox King.
It can't be rushed.
It's good that you're aware of that.
I won't keep the Crown Prince from handling official affairs now.
I'll take my leave.
Take care, Grandmother.
Go and read.
How did you know that I added a nourishing elixir to your tea?
Even my mother knew that there was something fishy with the tea.
If I didn't, wouldn't that make me seem incompetent?
Consort Le Xu came here for that?
I was wondering why she rushed here in such a panic.
There are so many regulations in the Celestial Tribe.
They think too much.
Why are you looking at me like that?
It's nothing.
I just think that my trip to Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea was worthwhile.
You now speak to me so much more cheerfully.
I was like this when I was younger.
It's just that after 140,000 years
with everyone in the realms addressing me as Auntie
I wouldn't dare speak too casually.
What are you going to prepare for our wedding?
This is an important occasion.
We must discuss it carefully.
Lord Dong Hua just returned recently.
He has much to discuss with the Heavenly Lord.
Once the Heavenly Lord has some time to himself in a few days
I'll report to him about holding the wedding.
Who knows how long I will have to wait for Mister Bottled Up to make a move.
I'd better bring this up to my brothers
so they can talk to Mother and Father about it.
That should save him some trouble when he approaches them.
- Your Highness! - Your Highness!
What are you doing?
Are you preparing for Little Prince's birthday?
The Crown Prince doesn't like bright red colors.
Change them.
The Crown Prince gave the orders himself.
The high god of Qing Qiu is soon to be married into the palace
and we are to prepare for it.
That is true.
After all, she is the high god of Qing Qiu and the legal consort.
Everything must be well prepared.
I'll have to discuss the rites of marrying the legal consort
with Consort Le Xu and the Crown Prince when I return to the palace.
Get going.
Yes!
Your Highness, when you married into Xiwu Palace
there wasn't any wedding ritual at all.
It was even... even worse than when you were the Heavenly Lord's concubine.
Everyone knows I have loved Ye Hua since I was young.
There is no telling who will be the future mistress of Xiwu Palace.
Yes, Your Highness!
Ye Hua.
You've decided to hold the wedding?
Let's discuss the betrothal gifts and welcoming ceremony rituals.
- This is an important occasion. - Yes.
Father, don't rejoice too soon.
Ye Hua still needs to withstand a heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm.
Why?
Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea's four mythical beasts
inherited half of the Heavenly Father's powers.
However, Ye Hua had them slayed.
That's great disrespect to the Heavenly Father.
I've looked into the regulations.
Ye Hua should go to the Mortal Realm for a heavenly trial.
No one else took that to heart.
Stop bringing up that minor mistake our son made.
The Celestial Tribe has our law to abide by.
He should be punished for his mistake.
You're such a grinch for bringing this matter up
when we're discussing such a joyous event.
Ye Hua, your father is right.
You destroyed what once belonged to the Heavenly Father
so you need to withstand a heavenly trial.
I understand.
But you destroyed the divine fungal grass and that makes up for your mistake.
I'll send you to the Mortal Realm but not for a heavenly trial.
I'll have the Star Lord leave a blank space in your Book of Destiny.
Whatever happens, happens.
We'll leave it to chance.
How about that?
I accept the decree.
It's just a heavenly trial.
He will be back in no more than two months.
Based on their statuses
the betrothal gifts will probably not be fully prepared when Ye Hua returns.
Father is right.
I'll start preparing them now.
