Master. Master.
Master! Master! Master!
Zhe Yan, when will Master wake up?
Fifth Sister, Mo Yuan's soul has scattered.
Don't you have the best medical skills of everyone in all the realms?
Aren't you his brother? Why won't you save him?
Zhe Yan, why won't you save him?
Fifth Sister.
Your master sacrificed his soul to destroy the Bell of the East Emperor.
No one can save him.
Master told me before...
that you need to sacrifice a soul to destroy the Bell of the East Emperor.
But he also told me
that he was the one who created the Bell of the East Emperor.
That he would find a way to get around it.
I believed him.
Because Master protected me from three bolts of lightning
his injuries weren't completely healed.
It's all my fault.
Fourth Brother, it's all my fault.
Fifth Sister, do you remember what your master told you before he left?
Wait for me.
He did say that.
What kind of person is Mo Yuan?
Since he said that, he will definitely come back.
Really?
You know your master better than I do.
That's right.
Since Master asked us to wait, he will definitely come back.
What I need to do now
is preserve his body well and wait for him to come back.
Fifth Sister, you're seriously injured.
Why don't you come with me to the Fox Clan?
I'm not going anywhere.
I'll stay here with Master.
If you're going to stay here
then I'll stay here with you.
I'll protect Mo Yuan with you.
Just now, I said that Mo Yuan would come back to comfort Fifth Sister.
But I don't think it's possible.
Mo Yuan's soul is scattered. How could he come back?
Zhen Zhen, it seems you don't know Mo Yuan very well.
I've known him since childhood.
If he wasn't going to come back
he absolutely wouldn't torment Fifth Sister with those thoughts.
You mean...
He might actually come back.
A-Yin!
Stop!
What are you doing?
Master.
You only knew that I was a fox, right?
You didn't know that I was a nine-tailed white fox.
If someone is fed the blood from the heart of a nine-tailed white fox
their body will be preserved.
In the past, I thought that besides having good looks
there was nothing great about being a nine-tailed white fox.
But today
I'm especially grateful that Father and Mother gave me this life.
Master.
Drink this blood from my heart.
Worst comes to worst, I'll follow you in death.
I would be happy too.
Ghost Lord.
You may all rise, my trusted lieutenants.
Yes.
When I go back, we will reorganize the army.
In 10,000 years, we'll avenge the late ghost lord.
The Celestial Palace will be a bloodbath!
Revenge! Bloodbath in the Celestial Palace!
What?
You covet the Ghost Lord position?
I wouldn't dare.
Wouldn't dare?
I already have the blue cape on.
I've succeeded the late Ghost Lord's position.
Why aren't you kneeling?
Father's body isn't cold yet.
No.
Father's body isn't even found yet.
He might not be dead yet.
Why are you so anxious, Li Yuan?
I've already said that when I became Ghost Lord one day
I would take your life!
Thanks for thinking of me that way.
Father killed my mother because of your mother.
I will never forget this hatred!
Yes. My mother also died by your hands.
I won't hide it from you now.
That's right. I killed that bitch with my own hands.
I strangled her like this, little by little!
How could you have such power?
In the past, it was just for self-defense.
I didn't expect it to be so useful.
Not bad, right?
How could this happen?
Your powers aren't even 30 percent of the late Ghost Lord's.
You would dare to attack the Celestial Palace?
Are you trying to sacrifice all our lives?
There are only 30,000 left of an army of 200,000.
You've never even thought of pacifying the army officers who are still alive
or the soldiers who died.
You aren't even heartbroken the way a ruler should be!
You only care about getting the blue cape for yourself and becoming ghost lord!
You're cold and ruthless.
How could you be our ghost lord?
As the crown prince of the Ghost Tribe
how is it wrong for me to become the ghost lord?
You guys on the other hand...
When you go back, the royal guards will kill you!
We've never thought to betray the royal family.
We just want to support Second Prince to the throne.
As long as Second Prince is our Ghost Lord
the Heavenly Lord will accept our surrender
and pardon our Ghost Tribe!
You had the cheek to collude with the Celestial Tribe?
Imprison him in the coldest pole of the Ghost Realm.
Have people watch him day and night.
That Golden Tiger was Li Yuan's partner.
Arrest him quickly and imprison him with Li Yuan.
And you're not allowed to tell the princess of this matter.
Anyone who does will be killed.
Yes.
- Let's go! - Let me go!
Li Jing! I won't let you get away with this!
I will definitely come back and kill you!
Let me go, Li Jing!
Let me go!
Li Jing, I will come back and kill you!
Li Jing!
Congratulations, Your Majesty.
Congratulations, Ghost Lord, on eradicating the dissident.
If I had failed today, would you have run away from this place?
I am loyal to you, my lord.
The sun and moon could prove my heart to you.
My dear.
My lord.
You really are an incredible woman.
Whether it was when you were pleading with my father back then
or when you injured yourself in a scheme to go to
Kunlun Mountain to steal the tactical formation strategy...
you've made me see you in a new light every time.
I did everything for you.
For me?
That's true.
I'm not a great person or anything.
For you and me to become a couple...
it's fate.
Mo Yuan has been dead for over two months.
I've sent 18 high immortals there to make funeral arrangements
but they've been sent back by some little high immortal.
Why is that little high immortal being so domineering like this?
Here in the Celestial Palace, we're all immortals.
There are ones who like to joke, and ones who don't like to joke.
Mo Yuan has 17 disciples.
There are bound to be ones with good tempers and ones with bad tempers.
Why take it to heart?
Dijun rarely speaks up for others.
Since that's the case, I won't pursue this matter any further.
Yang Cuo.
Go to Kunlun Mountain to give him a warning
so that the little high immortal won't
mess up an alliance between two tribes for revenge.
Yes.
Go kneel before Heavenly Lord.
Greetings, Heavenly Lord.
Don't stand on ceremony.
Come here.
Have your parents given you a name?
I'm only 500 years old.
In my clan, I only get a name after I turn 1,000.
Oh.
The entire Su Jin Clan was wiped out.
I'll give you the name Su Jin, okay?
Okay.
Su Jin, your entire clan was wiped out because of the Celestial Tribe
so why don't you stay in the Celestial Palace?
I'll bestow you the title Princes Zhao Ren, okay?
Hurry and thank Heavenly Lord.
Thank you, Heavenly Lord.
You may rise.
Yang Cuo.
You'll raise Su Jin as your daughter.
Don't let her suffer.
I will obey your command.
Father, don't worry.
I will definitely treat Su Jin as my own daughter.
Let's go, Su Jin.
Does Father want me to raise Su Jin
because he blames me for not having any children?
Don't overthink things.
Among us three brothers, I'm the only one who's married.
My two brothers don't even have concubines.
There are no other females in the family.
Naturally, we are the ones who will raise Su Jin.
We've already been married for 30,000 years.
I wonder when we'll have children.
What you're worried about...
if you go to Kunlun Mountain yourself, perhaps you'll find your answer.
Kunlun Mountain?
Senior.
This is the eldest prince of the Celestial Palace and Consort Le Xu.
This is my seventeenth fellow disciple.
Your highnesses.
We met during the war.
His Highness came to discuss the Celestial Tribe and Ghost Tribe...
Allow me to say it.
Si Yin, not long after Heavenly Lord accepted their surrender
there were changes in Grand Ziming Palace.
The elder prince Li Yuan was banished.
The second prince Li Jing donned the blue cape and became the ruler.
On the day that he succeeded the throne
Li Jing presented Ghost Tribe's sacred item
the winter lotus, to Heavenly Lord as tribute.
Heavenly Lord has accepted it.
What Your Highness means is that
the Celestial Tribe and the Ghost Tribe are now in a good relationship
and you won't allow Kunlun Mountain to seek revenge, right?
The new ghost lord has already declared himself Heavenly Lords' vassal.
For the peace of all the realms
it is inappropriate to have any conflicts.
As Mo Yuan's proudest disciple
you wouldn't want our world in extreme distress, right?
Before I came to Kunlun Mountain, I was just a fox.
While at Kunlun Mountain for the past 20,000 years
Master has never suppressed my innate tendencies.
Pretenses at complying and swallowing my anger are not in my nature.
Si Yin, I've been patient again and again since we were once comrades.
I never would have thought that you were this stubborn.
Should I teach Mo Yun's disciples for him?
Your Highness! To protect the Celestial Tribe
my master used his soul to destroy the bell of the East Emperor.
Why aren't the disciples of Kunlun Mountain allowed to seek revenge?
If there is nothing else, I will take my leave.
Seventeenth!
Your Highness, don't worry.
Seventeenth understands Master the most.
Right now, he still hasn't recovered from the pain yet.
That's why he's speaking out to you.
Please don't take it to heart, Your Highness.
Please report to Heavenly Lord that since Qing Cang has been sealed away
Kunlun Mountain will definitely not seek revenge.
Who has touched the golden lotus?
Master.
A-Yin, someone has touched the golden lotus without permission.
I can't stay on Kunlun Mountain with you.
After I've recovered my human form
I won't remember this place, or you.
A-Yin.
Master.
Master?
Master.
Was that you just now, Master?
The golden lotus just withered all of a sudden! It's an omen!
Senior, what should we do?
Your Highnesses.
Because Master's favorite golden lotus withered
Second Disciple didn't follow proper etiquette.
Please don't take it to heart.
It's okay.
Could it be that even you have followed Master in death?
Your Highness, no need to panic.
Master once said that
this golden lotus has been waiting for its master.
It was just staying at Kunlun Mountain temporarily.
Now that Your Highness is here
the golden lotus first withered
and then transformed and dissipates golden rays
I think Your Highness is the master it was waiting for.
Me?
Why would it be me?
All things in the world have a special fate.
Ever since Heavenly Father returned to nothingness
Master has been maintaining this golden lotus for tens of thousands of years.
Now that Master is gone
it's a fortunate thing that this golden lotus has a special fate with you.
Seventeenth.
Watching you leave so anxiously made me really worried.
You must not have thoughts of going to Ghost Realm to seek revenge.
Revenge?
This is peace that Master sacrificed his life for.
Why would I go seek revenge?
Yes.
You are Master's favorite disciple.
How could you not know Master's intentions?
Seventeenth is no longer the same Seventeenth of the past.
Master's spirit must be at peace now.
Master has already been dead for so many days.
Why hasn't there been any changes to his body?
Could there be special powers in this cave?
It might be Heavenly Father's protection.
When Heavenly Father returned to nothingness, his body dissipated.
Seeing Master like this made me remember a rumor.
What rumor?
Ghost Tribe's sacred item, the soul jade.
Soul jade?
The ancient books have records about Ghost Tribe's soul jade.
If a corpse keeps it in his mouth, it will never rot.
Is that rumor true?
It was recorded in the ancient books, so it should be true.
But now, Kunlun Mountain and Ghost Tribe have irreconcilable differences.
Even though it's not bad enough to the point of getting revenge
it's not good enough to have dealings with each other.
Seventeenth, don't get any thoughts about trying to take it by force.
Who has come here?
Kunlun Mountain's seventeenth disciple, Si Yin.
I have to see Ghost Lord about an important matter.
You want the soul jade?
On account of our past friendship
please lend me the soul jade.
Get up first.
I thought you were here to seek revenge.
There's no right or wrong on the battlefield.
Besides, Ghost Tribe and Celestial Tribe are now allies.
You are also the ghost lord that Heavenly Lord respects.
I wouldn't dare to seek revenge.
I just want to borrow the soul jade.
Even though the soul jade is the Ghost Tribe's sacred item
besides being able to preserve a corpse from rotting
it's not useful in any other way.
Do you want it for Mo Yuan?
I have my use for it.
Even though you won't tell me your use for the soul jade
I would still lend it to you on account of our relationship.
But because of the huge changes in the palace
the soul jade has disappeared for a while now.
I'm really sorry.
You lost it?
Yes.
Why would it be lost?
I just told you.
We don't even know where the former lord or my brother is.
Why would we know where a mere jade is?
Thank you for telling me.
High Immortal Si Yin.
You came such a long way.
Why don't you rest a bit before leaving?
If you leave like this, it will seem like Grand Ziming Palace is not hospitable.
Did you come all this way for this soul jade?
Ghost Lord gave this to me the day before yesterday to heal the scars on me.
The whipping from Qing Cang wasn't light.
I still have a lot of injuries on my body.
You know that it's not good for women to have scars on their bodes.
If you want it, I'll give it to you.
What are you doing?
This is the item you lost?
The one thing I regret most in life
is coming to Grand Ziming Palace and meeting you, Li Jing.
You two are really cruel and unscrupulous.
You are such a perfect match for each other.
From now on, we are absolutely irreconcilable!
A-Yin!
My lord!
A-Yin!
My lord!
Go away!
Tell me, what exactly are you up to?
You were the one who lied to her first
and told her you lost the soul jade.
I just added more fuel to the fire for you.
Who are you to interfere between me and her?
You and her?
When you were at the bottom of Kunlun Mountain
listening to Si Yin only having her master Mo Yuan on her mind
you wanted to kill Mo Yuan out of jealousy.
But Si Yin has never liked you.
She is from the Celestial Tribe
so that's why you're with me.
I know that.
But do you?
She's never had you in her heart.
Do you know that?
Don't say anymore.
She has so much pride.
She came here today to beg for this favor.
It was all for Mo Yuan.
You know that very well.
You wouldn't give her the soul jade.
It's out of jealousy, isn't it?
You're so jealous, you're going mad and crazy, aren't you?
Don't say anymore.
I'm also jealous.
I'm so jealous I'm going crazy.
I've done so much for you.
But you've never cared about me.
Today, because of her...
Because of her, you're treating me like this!
But I gave you the Ghost Queen position.
Isn't that enough?
Ever since our wedding, you've never even touched me.
So what if I'm queen?
So what if I'm more powerful than everyone but you?
It's not better than our short time at the bottom of Kunlun Mountain.
Don't bring up Kunlun Mountain anymore.
If I don't bring it up
will you be able to forget about it?
It's been a long time since we've all come together for a meal like this.
- Yes. - Yes.
Ever since Ninth and Master died, it hasn't been this lively.
Let's not talk about those sad things.
Come on.
Let's live in the moment!
A toast to Master.
A toast to Ninth.
Senior, Ninth never drank wine.
You're trying to get him drunk?
That's right.
Ninth doesn't have good alcohol tolerance.
It's completely different when compared to Seventeenth.
All right, let's eat.
I spent four hours making all this.
You all must eat everything.
My fellow disciples.
Ever since I came to Kunlun Mountain
Master and you all have shown such care for me.
But I've been causing so much trouble
and haven't been training properly.
I've made trouble for you all and Master.
I will drink first.
That was delightful.
It was really delightful.
Seventeenth, come here.
Come on.
Sit here.
Just now, it was like going back to the past for a bit.
The days of riding horses, admiring peach blossoms
and drinking in the Spring Palace.
At that time, all of us would only bring you to the mortal world to play around.
Only Ninth would watch after you as you studied.
Ninth... what a pity.
I remember one time
when we drank too much.
We were soaring on clouds.
We went to Mount Junji of the Far East to see the sunrise.
Yes, good thing it was very late at night.
No mortals saw us soaring on clouds.
Otherwise Master would've given us a good lecture.
Okay.
When we're done making funeral arrangements for Master
let's go to Mount Junji of the Far East
and watch the sunrise again.
- Okay! - Okay!
Cheers!
Come on.
Come on. Eat! Eat!
Okay.
My fellow disciples.
Goodbye.
Master, I'm useless.
I couldn't get the soul jade.
To preserve your body
I have no choice but to bring you to Qing Qiu.
Please forgive me.
So despicable! You're the most despicable!
You always steal our food!
Despicable!
You're so ugly, yet you keep appearing before our eyes.
Go away! Go away!
You're not allowed to follow us!
Go away!
