The report says the Scarlet Flame Golden Lion
appeared in the Far North rebel army camp.
The Scarlet Flame Golden Lion?
Ye Hua, I am very disappointed in you.
I asked Lord Yuan Shi of the Realm of Supreme Purity
in the Great Overarching Heaven
to take you as his last disciple.
The Lord had enlightened only one other disciple, the Lord of Numinous Treasures.
He has stringent requirements for accepting a disciple.
Yet, he did not say a word, and accepted you as his last disciple.
How happy I was.
Later on, you ascended to high immortal in less than 20,000 years
showing all the people of the world that you are not Mo Yuan's substitute.
You finally earned the respect.
Crown Prince Ye Hua surpassed High God Mo Yuan.
But ever since you went to the Mortal Realm to subdue the Golden Lion...
everything you have done has disappointed me again and again!
Please don't be angry, Your Majesty.
Please give me a chance to redeem myself.
Allow me to lead the army to the Far North rebellion.
Ye Hua, do not concern yourself with love affairs.
In the war with the Mermaid Clan, you were no match for the Mermaid King
and you failed to subdue the Golden Lion.
The Far North rebellion is your last chance.
And although you are the heir apparent
and are usually addressed by others as the Crown Prince
you have yet to be granted the Crown Prince seal
and have not yet received the allegiance of the vassals of the four seas.
I understand.
I will return victorious.
Should there be any more mishaps
not only you, but the entire Xiwu Palace
will suffer punishment.
Yes.
Your Highness, wait here.
I sent someone to fetch a bowl of tonic from the kitchen.
When it gets here, you can personally deliver it to Zichen Hall.
His Highness will surely be pleased.
But...
Didn't Ye Hua previously
forbid everyone in the Hall of Beautiful Youth from going out?
Would it not be bad for me to walk around?
The Crown Prince said not to step foot outside of Xiwu Palace.
Your Highness would just be delivering the tonic within the palace.
His Highness will not scold you.
All right then. Thank you, Nai Nai.
I was brought here by the Crown Prince to serve Your Highness.
There is no need to thank me.
I'll be going now.
You will go as well.
Me?
Father, I am not one to lead an army.
When pacifying the Mermaid Clan, didn't you take over for Ye Hua
and thoroughly eliminated the rebel army?
That is correct, Father.
However, it was because Ye Hua tempered justice with mercy
and won the support of the various clan leaders.
He had also set military tactics. That's why I could defeat the rebel army.
Do you want to defy my order?
I dare not.
And also...
The lady in your palace says someone framed her.
Tell me. Should I give her a response?
She does not know any better.
I have already ordered that she be confined in Xiwu Palace
as a form of discipline.
I actually think this matter ought to be thoroughly investigated.
Tonight, I will change out all the palace maids of Xiwu Palace
and send them to Lord Pu Hua for interrogation.
Change out the palace maids?
Father is thinking of your safety.
If anything happens in the palace...
Today, it is an attack on someone in your Hall of Beautiful Youth
but tomorrow, it could be poison in your tea.
It is best to investigate this thoroughly.
All right, it is decided.
The two of you will wait here.
In a little while, the clan leaders and Ghost Lord Li Jing will be here
to discuss military affairs regarding the Far North rebellion.
- Yes. - Yes.
Father is using this incident
to remove all your loyal palace maids from Xiwu Palace.
You must be even more careful now, Ye Hua.
Greetings to Crown Prince and Third Prince.
Where is the Heavenly Lord?
The Heavenly Lord has ordered me to lead the troops to the Far North rebellion.
Since it is my brother who caused this upheaval
I am willing to lead my troops and follow Your Highness to the rebellion.
You?
What is the matter? Does Your Highness doubt my loyalty?
Although you are from the Ghost Realm
you have a vested interest in the Celestial Tribe's affairs.
I am not afraid you will be disloyal.
However, are the men under you
truly willing to come with us to eliminate their Eldest Prince, Li Yuan?
It is only reasonable for Your Highness to have such apprehensions.
I have already been the Ghost Lord for 70,000 years.
The soldiers who used to view the Celestial Tribe as their enemy
have already been removed.
Moreover, I have selfish reasons for leading my troops.
Selfish reasons?
Your Highness was injured by the Mermaid Clan.
No matter what, the Mermaid Clan was a part of the Ghost Tribe.
I want to use this chance to assist Your Highness in pacifying the Far North
so that Your Highness can pardon me for the battle at Chang Sea.
Since the Mermaid Clan has been annihilated
I hope they will not further implicate the Ghost Realm.
That is my selfish motive.
All right. I give you my promise.
As long as you provide outstanding military service in the Far North
then I will no longer pursue
the Ghost Realm's relationship to the Mermaid Clan.
- That's settled then. - That's settled then.
I just asked the maids of Zichen Hall.
The Crown Prince is currently at Zichen Hall.
I heard he's leaving the palace tonight.
Go quickly, Your Highness. If you delay, it will get cold.
Ye Hua.
This voice is Consort Su Jin.
I plead for leniency on her behalf.
Why do you still not understand?
If not because she is carrying your child
why would your mother barge into the Grand Hall to beg for forgiveness?
And why would I risk my life to protect her?
I know you married a mortal...
to get back at me
for betraying you by marrying the Heavenly Lord.
But what could I do?
What could I do?
Of all the women in the world
who can ward off the Heavenly Lord's favor?
Tell me, Ye Hua.
You still love me, don't you?
You call her Su Su
only because... because there is also a Su in my name, right?
Ye Hua, how come you can't understand?
My affections for you far surpass those of the mortal's.
Your Highness is back so soon?
Why are you crying?
I'm fine now.
I am a bit tired. I'd like to rest.
You may go.
Ye Hua, why are you here?
What is it? Is something the matter?
Give me the copper mirror.
Copper mirror? What copper mirror?
I remember.
You must be speaking of the copper mirror you dropped
during the war against the Mermaid Clan.
I have been keeping it for you but I had forgotten about it.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
Tonight, I will change out all the palace maids of Xiwu Palace
and send them to Lord Pu Hua for interrogation.
Father is using this incident
to remove all your loyal palace maids from Xiwu Palace.
You must be even more careful now, Ye Hua.
You call her Su Su
only because... because there is also a Su in my name, right?
What is wrong?
Did something happen? You can tell me.
What did you come here for?
I have to go defend the Far North for half a year.
You'll be gone again for half a year?
At least half a year.
But we can do what we did before
and use the copper mirror to communicate.
If anything happens or if you want to talk to me
you can tell me through the copper mirror.
Take care of yourself.
I feel a bit unwell. I won't be getting out of bed to see you out.
You feel unwell?
What are you thinking of doing?
There is nothing to see. You should go.
I will be personally leading troops to the Far North.
Who is willing to follow me
to capture the rebel, Li Yuan?
What is the matter?
I have so many strong men in the Ghost Realm.
Is nobody willing to go to the Far North?
Your Majesty.
We are not afraid of going to war.
It is just that it is the Ghost Realm's Eldest Prince rebelling in the Far North
and he is rebelling in the name of vengeance for the former Ghost Lord.
If... If we send our troops to help the Celestial Tribe suppress them
I'm afraid it will be against popular sentiment.
Yes, Your Majesty. The former Ghost Lord had much support.
Later on, when the Ghost Lord was sealed away
many clans of the Ghost Realm wanted to take revenge.
They were all suppressed by Your Majesty.
Those who harbored great resentment, like the Mermaid Clan
retreated to the Chang Sea and stopped offering tributes.
The ones who held less resentment didn't say much
but they must not have been content.
If we send our troops, those clans may very well protest.
Enough!
I know those clans
comment behind my back that I am too close with the Celestial Tribe
and have forgotten about avenging Father.
But how could they understand that only with peace in the world
can the people live well?
Yes, the Ghost Tribe is aggressive
but we could also die!
And we would also bleed.
As long as I am the Ghost Lord...
I do not want to see...
a war like the one 70,000 years ago in which hundreds of thousands died.
- But, Your Majesty- - No more discussion!
I will gather the troops and head out today.
- I accept your command. - I accept your command.
Has His Majesty left Grand Ziming Palace already?
Your Highness, His Majesty left an hour ago.
- You may go. - Yes.
As long as you protect this child
I certainly will not forget your devotion.
I absolutely cannot lie to His Majesty.
Please... Please forgive me, Your Highness.
You must allow me to be able to give birth to this child.
Your Highness, that is an act that defies nature.
You must not do it!
When I was in Qing Qiu
I heard about a medicinal herb that exists in the Ghost Realm
that can induce labor for a diseased child
and a spell to heal the diseased child.
You have served three generations of Ghost Lords.
Don't tell me you don't know this spell.
There is such a spell, but it is extremely dangerous.
Those who have used this spell in the Ghost Realm
have all received retribution due to defying nature.
Your Highness, you must consider this carefully.
I don't believe in retribution.
I only believe in myself.
Please listen to my advice, Your Highness.
Even if this child is born, it will be an unhealthy child.
Why are you so obsessed with this child, Your Highness?
Shut up. Get out.
Yes.
If I don't give birth to it, will I have another chance?
His Majesty wouldn't touch me even on our wedding night 70,000 years ago.
I had to do everything I could just to conceive this one child.
This is my only chance.
My only chance to keep him by my side.
If this child is taken away from me...
then he will no longer care about me.
He wouldn't even feel a twinge of guilt.
Even if it is a sick child
he will take pity on me...
and come to see me once in a while.
That would still be better than for him to get drunk in the arms of other women.
My child.
I will definitely give birth to you.
The Far North relies mainly on numerous waterways.
It would be too easy for the rebel army to disperse and hide themselves.
Yes, Your Highness. This isn't the Chang Sea.
Of the four seas, the Chang Sea has the most level seabed.
It is easy for the two armies to cross swords.
But here, the waterways linked to the lake lead in all directions.
It is truly troublesome.
Moreover, there has never been a battle in the Far North.
We have never been here before.
If we are to contend with them
it will be even more difficult.
Your Highness.
I have a solution that can allow us
to familiarize ourselves with the Far North terrain quickly.
Please speak.
I heard Your Highness is engaged to Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
That is correct. I have a marriage arrangement with Bai Qian.
From what I know, Qing Qiu's Fox King has four sons and one daughter.
Aside from the daughter who has never stepped foot outside of Qing Qiu
the four sons have left Qing Qiu and established their own residences.
The fourth son, Bai Zhen
resides long term in Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods
but his own manor is located in the Xia periphery of the Far North.
I think High God Bai Zhen should be able to help Your Highness.
High God Bai Zhen?
Yes!
It is a good idea!
His younger sister will be married to our Crown Prince sooner or later.
It is only right that he helps us.
It's lucky that the Water King of the North Sea
canceled the engagement for a snake
giving the engagement to the Crown Prince.
Look, it has become useful now.
Wonderful!
The Crown Prince is my Fifth Sister's future husband.
Naturally, I will help you.
However, I have not resided here for long.
After so much time has passed, the terrain has also changed drastically.
It is a difficult task, even for High God Bai Zhen?
Don't rush. Let me finish.
Young people should not be so hurried. There is no benefit to it.
I do not have a very good temper.
If it were anyone else, I would already have kicked them out the door.
However, if it is my future brother-in-law asking for help
then in at most three months
I will have a topographic map of the Far North delivered to your army tent
to help Your Highness pacify the rebellion.
Thank you, Bai Zhen.
No need to be polite.
You just have to remember
I am helping you because you are the future son-in-law of Qing Qiu
not because you are the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
I am able to assist you today.
In the future, I also will be able to punish you.
If you wrong my Fifth Sister in any way in the future
I absolutely will not let you off lightly.
High God Zhe Yan.
I shall take my leave now.
Farewell, Crown Prince. I will not be seeing you out.
You sure can pretend to be a serious person.
If Qian Qian saw her Fourth Brother like this
would she laugh so hard that she couldn't tell which way is north?
Try this new thing I brought.
I just copy your usual old but playful look.
What do you think? Do I look the part?
It is quite useful in scaring my future brother-in-law.
These nuts are good. They're crunchy and savory.
Have another.
You keep saying, brother-in-law.
I do have some regrets about agreeing to this engagement for Qian Qian.
It's said this Crown Prince has been very popular with the ladies these years.
Qian Qian may not be happy marrying him.
That isn't a big problem.
With Qian Qian's personality, who could bully her?
I just hate the Celestial Tribe's harem. What's wrong with monogamy?
But these all come later.
The Celestial Tribe still thinks Qian Qian is still in Qing Qiu
and is ready for marriage at any moment.
Yet, we still don't know Qian Qian's whereabouts.
Last night, Bi Fang came to see me.
He said he searched the entire Far East but hasn't seen Qian Qian.
I also searched the Far North for a few days but haven't found her.
Where has she gone?
I was also quite worried last night.
I looked up and searched the stars.
I immediately discovered you've been worrying too much.
Worrying too much?
- Guess what I saw. - What?
She is not only worry-free in life
but from the stars, the Hong Luan Star is ascendant.
The Hong Luan Star is ascendant?
Don't tell me she isn't returning to Qing Qiu because she eloped with someone.
I do not know if she eloped
but the Hong Luan Star truly is present.
She has an engagement with the Crown Prince
but she is in love with someone elsewhere.
Would that not be so good?
That isn't a problem.
If she finds someone else she likes, then just cancel the engagement.
Yes! You are right.
They canceled the engagement once. We can do the same to them.
The Celestial Tribe wouldn't be able to do anything about it.
Hearing you say that, I can rest assured.
However, this task for Ye Hua must be done properly.
It could be considered compensation for canceling the engagement in the future.
Why are you outside, Your Highness?
It is boring to be sitting inside all day.
I wanted to come out to take a look.
It is breezy here. Your Highness should go back inside.
All right.
I can't bear to leave.
But I feel guilty staying.
If Dijun sees that I am deceiving him, will he be angry?
The view here is nice.
Who is Dijun speaking to?
Little fox, do you want a drink?
Dijun?
Are you drunk?
Dijun.
You must think
the troublesome Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu has already left.
You must think I am one who doesn't know how to repay a kindness.
It's not that I don't want to.
But...
I don't know how to repay you.
Goodness!
You kissed him? You really kissed him?
He gave no response?
Was he pretending to be asleep?
No.
Dijun drank a lot of wine
and was in deep sleep.
I don't believe it.
Dong Hua Dijun used to lead soldiers and kill enemies.
How could he let his guard down and be kissed by someone without knowing?
In my opinion, he has also developed feelings for you
and wanted it to happen.
Don't be ridiculous.
Was Dijun pretending to be drunk, or...
You have been with Jia Yun assisting His Highness for the past few months.
That puts me at ease.
By the way, are you returning today?
Your Highness, the war is at a critical point. I must return now.
Didn't you just return from seeing the Heavenly Lord?
You are leaving so quickly?
Does His Highness have a letter for the mortal in the Hall of Beautiful Youth?
Your Highness, there is no letter for the Hall of Beautiful Youth.
All right, I understand.
Your Highness, when I was on Deity Mountain in the lower realm
I saw mortals hanging lanterns on the 15th day of the first month.
I learned to make a few. Why don't we hang them up later?
Nai Nai.
Has the Crown Prince delivered any letters here?
No.
I asked the maids of Zichen Hall this afternoon.
They said the situation in the Far North is critical.
His Highness probably could not attend to it.
Do not think too much of it.
Now that a few months have passed, you finally stopped crying.
I'll go bring you some delicious food.
Little fox, you're here again?
If it weren't for the fact that you bear such a resemblance to my aunt
I wouldn't spend time with you.
Little fox, I've finally figured it out in the past few months.
Don't you think it's strange?
What did you figure out?
Although Ye Hua does not speak much and does not like to smile much
if he kept me company in a place like Mount Junji
then that means he does like me a little bit.
As long as he likes me a little bit
I am willing to continue staying by his side.
What is good about the Crown Prince?
He's attracted to Consort Su Jin and got you pregnant.
He even has to marry my aunt.
Won't three women be so much trouble?
No matter what, I am the one he married.
We made an oath in front of the Lakes of the Far East.
I am his wife.
I am also carrying his child now.
I love him so much.
I believe I will one day be able to move his heart
and make him fall in love with me too.
You are a fox in Heaven. You must know how to practice cultivation.
If I could cultivate my path from a mortal into an immortal
would he treat me better?
I am not sure about that.
When I get the chance, I'll ask Si Ming and Cheng Yu.
You two still haven't told me how to become an immortal.
Become immortal?
Becoming immortal is a long journey.
Very long.
What are you two doing in my study?
We were playing with the fox. It's so cute.
I've suddenly remembered something I have to do.
Dijun, farewell.
It seems you quite like this little fox.
Do you want to take it?
No, no.
I've always been afraid of things that have claws.
Farewell.
Just now, Si Ming was talking about becoming immortal.
Dijun, don't misunderstand!
I am just a little fox.
I just want to stay by your side every day, for all of my lifetimes.
For an immortal, there are no lifetimes.
This life...
is already long enough.
Di... Dijun doesn't know how to read minds, does he?
The Fourth Prince of Qing Qiu does indeed keep his word.
The Qing Qiu Fox Clan has safeguarded the five lands for generations.
As expected, only they could deliver such a map.
My lord says
the Nine-tailed Fox Clan is not skilled at fighting and does not keep an army.
This is as much as he can help Your Highness.
Help me thank your lord.
His Highness has also said this map is yours to keep, Crown Prince.
If our Qing Qiu princess suffers wrongs in the Celestial Tribe in the future
he will personally come to reason with you.
The Qing Qiu Fox Clan sure is frank and straightforward.
They are much bolder with words than our Celestial Tribe.
Your Highness.
The 100,000 troops I brought are most familiar with the waterways.
We are willing to be your vanguard.
In three months
I will have the Far North rebels forced to the end of their ropes.
Your Highness need only guard the four main land routes
and immediately intercept the routed troops.
Are you that confident, Ghost Lord?
I am willing to take a military order. I have only a small request.
After Your Highness intercepts Li Yuan's routed troops
please let me have Li Yuan.
I want to settle this with him myself.
All right, I give you my promise.
Three months after three months.
Su Su.
I cannot believe that even back in the Celestial Palace
I am still making you wait for me day after day.
