This was passed down from my ancestors.
It has been passed down for several generations to me.
The painting on here depicts the Kunlun Mountain of immortals.
This fan is an immortal's artifact, the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun.
Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun?
What more do you have to say, Miss?
Come, take a look.
See if I am telling the truth.
- It is indeed a valuable fan. - This Daoist priest speaks the truth.
I only wish to take back my ancestor's heirloom.
I do not wish to fight with you, Miss.
You had best leave.
This fan does not belong to you.
There are so many people watching.
Would I distort the truth and accuse you?
I clearly found it at Mount Junji.
Mount Junji? Isn't it a desolate mountain that nobody ventures near?
Yes. The lady is sounding increasingly outrageous.
- Give me back the fan! - Give it back to you?
I'm already letting you off lightly by not sending you to the authorities!
I'm afraid you have it backwards.
And who are you?
This fan belongs to an old friend of mine.
It is not some ancestor's heirloom.
That is why I am more willing to believe what this lady says.
Nonsense!
I'll just ask you one thing.
Do you know how to use this fan?
Well...
Since this is an heirloom, it can't be used so carelessly.
Are you afraid already?
You two...
You... You two are together!
This fan is an artifact that can summon wind and rain.
What's the matter?
Do you not have anything to say?
That friend of mine is not someone who can tolerate anyone unconscionable.
If he were to know a rotten Daoist priest took his artifact
I'm afraid he'd send you off some place
where you'll never see the mortal world again.
I was blind.
- Liar! - Rotten Daoist priest!
Miss, please put away this fan. Don't show it off in front of others.
This fan is indeed a magical artifact. It could attract much trouble.
Really?
Just now, looking at you was like seeing an old friend.
Unfortunately, he is a man, and you are a woman.
Do I look like a man?
Just your mannerisms.
Farewell, Miss.
- Miss. - Her Highness?
Since this fan belongs to your friend, why don't I give it to you then?
Give it to me?
Didn't you say this fan is a magical artifact?
It's only something I found anyway.
I don't know how to use it even if I keep it.
Since this fan holds meaning for you, why not give it to you?
Thank you for helping me out of that situation just now.
When that Daoist priest tried to take it, you wouldn't yield.
Now...
He tried to take it from me by force, so I naturally would not give it.
But now, I am giving it to you willingly.
This... How can I thank you?
No need to. Just accept it.
This isn't proper.
Miss, no need to be polite.
If you don't find it proper, you can give me a gift.
All right, tell me.
Are you not going to ask me what it is before promising me?
What if what I want is a priceless treasure?
You do not seem like such a person.
Even if you ask for that, I will surely satisfy you.
I do not care about those worldly possessions.
Then what you want is...
What I want is simple. Come with me.
How is Her Highness acquainted with this mortal?
How come you've been sleeping ever since we were at the bottom of the mountain?
It is only the ninth month of the year.
Are you hibernating already?
Your Highness, I have finished dressing the wound.
However, I've noticed
Your Highness's injury is not a result of crimson hellfire
but from the yellowseed herb specific to the far east.
I accidentally touched it.
You may go.
Yes.
Do you not have anything to say about Su Jin's marriage arrangement?
No.
All right, then let's move on to official business.
I've looked over today's reports for you.
The Mermaid Clan of Chang Sea has always been a source of worry for Father.
They were mentioned again.
The Water King of Chang Sea is timid and not skilled at commanding an army.
You may have to personally lead the troops to quell the disorder.
I had expected it.
I am also prepared to go to war.
Good.
The leader of the Mermaid Clan was once a trusted aide to Qing Cang
and is dissatisfied with the governance of the current Ghost Lord, Li Jing.
If not eliminated soon, he will be a source of concern.
There is one more thing.
Li Yuan's mother comes from this clan.
It is fortunate that Heavenly Lord followed Dijun's advice back then
and helped Li Jing into power.
If Li Yuan had succeeded, matters may have been more troublesome today.
Even if Li Yuan had succeeded the throne back then
there would be nothing more to it.
Neither of Qing Cang's two sons are fit to rule.
Naturally, they cannot compare to you, a heir apparent at birth.
You have never disappointed us before.
Presumptuous!
Good timing is necessary to handle the Mermaid Clan.
The best would be for
Water King of Chang Sea to ask Heavenly Lord for troops.
Then we could deploy our troops in all right.
The four seas are fiefdoms. Each have their own water king.
If we hastily send out our troops
they'll think we want to take back the fief.
We need a good reason.
You hold the same view on this as I do.
So then we've finished discussing matters of the Mermaid Clan.
I've stood in for you for a day of court business.
There was only this single matter, and it's made me so weary already.
Come, let's discuss personal business.
It's your private affairs.
What is it?
Your engagement to Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
At the main hall just now Heavenly Lord ordered Eldest Brother and other deities
to discuss the ceremony for escorting the bride.
She is the only daughter of the Fox King, after all.
Things must be handled properly.
The engagement was just arranged.
Why is there such a hurry to hold the wedding?
I don't understand why Father is in such a hurry either.
Perhaps it's because of what your second uncle did.
He might be afraid of sudden changes and offending Qing Qiu.
Where are you going?
Going to ask Star Lord Si Ming about a matter.
Cousin!
How come he left in such a hurry?
Is it because Su Jin is about to become a consort
so he's off to steal her back from the Heavenly Lord!
How could you dare say such a thing?
You're becoming more and more inappropriate.
Your Highness.
Su Jin, I heard Heavenly Lord is in a rush to make you a consort.
I'm afraid in a few days, you won't have to greet me anymore.
There are numerous consorts in the Celestial Palace.
Even if I am married
I would still have to greet Your Highness.
Su Jin! How come you've just arrived? Ye Hua has already left.
Do you really want to be a consort?
You're the child of a meritorious subject.
The Heavenly Lord treats you so well.
If you say you are unwilling, he would not force you.
I am not forced to do it. I am willing.
Didn't you always like my cousin?
From this day forth, you cannot say such words again.
Do you understand?
All right, I know.
I came to check on Crown Prince's injuries.
Since His Highness has already left, I will take my leave.
Go on.
Other than Dijun, I won't find anyone else worthy.
Nobody will be able to force me to marry anyone else.
Stop thinking about Dijun.
You can set your sights on anybody in the Nine Heavens.
Your cousin, Ye Hua, can also make the decision for you.
The sole exception is Dong Hua Dijun, whom you absolutely mustn't like.
So I can't. Why do you even have to add absolutely?
Are you trying to frighten me?
You do not understand, nor do you need to.
Just remember my words.
You absolutely cannot set your sights on Dong Hua Dijun.
Even if you have countless tender sentiments for him
you won't receive one in return.
He isn't a rock.
If I am good to him, would he not feel it?
He really is a rock.
Have you read the Celestial Tribe's historical records?
In the beginning, he was an immortal with unknown origins.
Even Heavenly Father did not know his origins.
That is why it is very possible he popped out of a rock.
Keep trying to scare me.
Wait, I get it.
You're afraid that if I really do marry Dijun
you'll have to greet me due to our ranks.
Cousin of Ye Hua... I'm afraid of you.
I'm really afraid of you.
You're saying Mo Yuan's and Si Yin's bodies disappeared together?
That is correct.
Back then, Kunlun Mountain's disciples were searching for them like madmen.
However, in the end, they still could not find them.
That is why there are some who speculated
Si Yin and Mo Yuan did not have
a relationship as simply master and disciple
yet they didn't wish to be burdened by their titles as master and disciple
so they feigned their deaths in the war against the Ghost Tribe
and lived on as inseparable lovers.
How could there be something so absurd?
It is because it is too absurd
that Dijun wrote that the two retired to seclusion
and had it written in the ancient records for the purpose of curbing the gossip.
Then according to what you say
the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun is Si Yin's artifact.
Why would it be in the mortal realm?
Si Yin's disappearance
remains an unsolved mystery in the Celestial Tribe.
If you are to look into it
I'm afraid nobody could give you a clear answer.
Even the disciples of Kunlun Mountain don't know.
Perhaps during the great war
Si Yin dropped his artifact in the mortal realm.
That is possible.
Is there anything questionable about this mortal you mentioned
who is in possession of this fan?
She is just a mortal. There is nothing unusual about her.
You may go now.
Yes.
You've been sleeping for eight days now. You're still not waking up yet?
It's not winter yet. Why are you already hibernating?
You're awake!
I thought you were going to sleep until spring of next year.
Look at this quilt. Doesn't it look nice?
I was waiting for you to wake up so I could show you.
It's too bright.
Although the color is a bit too vivid, I like this bright red color.
Look at the clothes I normally wear. They're all so plain.
Isn't a change nice once in a while?
Although you don't look too pretty
your taste in clothing is not bad.
Compared to the colorful satin worn by female immortals
these plain clothes look the best.
Where is your fan?
Did something happen while I was away?
Although it is only the ninth month of the year and isn't especially cold yet
- I heard snakes go into hibernation... - Stop taking your clothes off.
You are an unmarried woman.
It's inappropriate for you to take off your clothes in front of me.
A kind-hearted woman gave me this quilt.
We won't be cold anymore when we're under it.
Come.
Now we won't be cold.
Sleep now.
That Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun is a powerful artifact.
Since you're unable to use it as a mortal
it may be a good thing that you've lost it
so as to avoid attracting any trouble-
What are you searching for, Your Highness?
Mi Gu, how come Aunt doesn't have any tokens?
Tokens?
The type of item that
someone would know at first glance belongs to Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
Or something...
that lets others know right away I am affiliated with Aunt
and they would be accommodating to me out of respect for Aunt.
Aunt has always been unconcerned about such things.
Other than the mountain of luminous pearls at the bottom of the pool
being somewhat valuable
there is nothing else that can prove her status as queen.
Forget it.
How come you're acting so strangely today, Your Highness?
You haven't been back in days
and you're on a search as soon as you're back.
Did you cause some sort of trouble?
There was no trouble, but I owe a favor.
What sort of favor?
A life debt. Someone saved my life.
What?
You... were you in danger?
- Are you injured? - No.
Let me tell Aunt and have her stand up for you.
No, that's not necessary.
I did not suffer any losses.
However, I'm thinking that a life debt is no small matter.
That is why I want to leave Qing Qiu for a while...
to repay that kindness.
- Repay that kindness? - Yes, repay that kindness.
Your Highness, you're just leaving like this?
Fox King and Bai Zhen are here.
Of course I have to leave now.
If they were to know, there would be such chaos.
Mi Gu, you must not let this them know of this.
Just tell them I am going traveling.
- In a few years, I'll- - A few years?
Lower your voice!
Hold on to this.
This is something important that Aunt left behind.
Remember, you must give it to them.
I'm leaving now.
I wonder what kind of person Dong Hua Dijun is.
Fifth Sister hasn't appeared in several days.
Did she go into seclusion again?
Did you really believe she went into seclusion?
That was just an excuse to avoid Sang Ji.
Then it's all the more strange now.
Mo Yuan's body is here. She wouldn't stray too far.
In her mind, isn't her master more important than her parents?
You're not jealous of Mo Yuan, are you?
It isn't like that.
It's just that I still feel guilty about
sending her to Kunlun Mountain back then.
Where is Feng Jiu? How come she is nowhere to be seen either?
Her Highness says she is going traveling.
She tells you all not to worry and she'll eventually be back in a few years.
She is just like Fifth Sister when she was young.
She really makes others worry.
Oh, yes.
There is a scroll.
Her Highness said Aunt left this.
It is very important. Even I couldn't take a look.
This is bad.
What is it?
This scroll not only records
the Bell of the East Emperor's sealing method
but also clearly states the Bell's seal is lifted every 70,000 years.
Counting the days
it was exactly the day after Bai Qian left the Peach Tree Woods.
Zhe Yan, what do you mean? Explain.
That means Bai Qian must have gone to seal the Bell of the East Emperor.
What?
No wonder.
No wonder Fifth Sister had asked me before her disappearance
what the world would be like if Qing Cang had not been sealed away.
Are you saying she knew the Bell's seal would be lifted
so she went alone to seal away Qing Cang?
That is why she is missing?
We know Bai Qian's personality the best. She is certain to exact a revenge.
Moreover, she is Mo Yuan's disciple.
She absolutely would not allow Qing Cang to break out of the Bell
and bring harm to the world.
She must have went to Ruoshui.
Her intentions in leaving the scroll is such that even if she perishes
the Bell's sealing technique would not be lost to the world.
In another 70,000 years, someone could still apply the seal again.
She was ready to face death.
Face death?
Bai Qian...
How could Bai Qian have the heart to...
abandon us time and time again?
She is a Kunlun Mountain disciple through and through.
She cares for the people of the world.
I had divined...
She would have a heavenly trial for her godly ascension.
But I had thought that in these 70,000 years
she had diligently applied herself to cultivation
so the trial would pose no issue.
Who knew she would go off to take revenge for her master?
As a high immortal, how could she defeat Qing Cang?
Mother, do not cry.
No matter how unfavorable the odds are
Fifth Sister still carries half of your life's cultivation.
No matter what, she wouldn't... perish.
Bai Qian...
She is my only daughter.
I remember how free she was when she was young.
But I just had to send her to Kunlun Mountain.
First, she experienced the great war
and then in order to preserve the body of her master
she gouged out her heart every day for her own blood.
Now, after 70,000 years, she goes to avenge her master!
It is all my fault! It is all my fault! If...
If I hadn't let Zhe Yan send her off to Kunlun Mountain
then all of these things wouldn't have happened.
- It was all my fault. - Mother.
I was the one who brought her to Kunlun Mountain.
Going by what you say
I'm afraid I am not free of responsibility either.
Zhe Yan.
She loves Bai Qian the most.
She only said those words in the heat of the moment. Do not take them to heart.
Why would I fuss about this with you?
However, as things stand now
it seems our priority should be to find Bai Qian first.
Yes.
Don't cry.
Bai Qian inherited half of your powers.
Our Nine-tailed Fox Clan, Phoenix Clan, and Dragon Clan
are all clans of the ancient gods.
At the moment of our deaths, there is a celestial phenomenon.
Look. The celestial bodies show no anomalies.
That means Bai Qian is definitely still alive.
That's right.
Mother, the situation is not that serious yet.
Do not jump to conclusions.
Everything is fine as long as Bai Qian is alive.
It is our fault for allowing her to be so willful.
She wouldn't even discuss such a serious matter with us.
What are we going to do?
Instead of letting our imagination run, why don't we go search for her?
Beautiful lady.
Why are you sitting here so pitifully?
Have you been bullied by someone?
You are a woman, aren't you?
How could you tell?
My aunt also likes to dress as a man.
I've gotten used to seeing it.
Your aunt?
Which lady of the Celestial Palace is your aunt?
Bai Qian of Qing Qiu.
What?
Bai Qian of Qing Qiu?
Yes.
The future Crown Princess Consort?
Yes.
And you are?
Bai Feng Jiu of Qing Qiu.
So you are the young princess of Qing Qiu.
Did you come here with your elders?
Have they come to discuss your aunt's marriage?
No, I came to repay a kindness.
Repay a kindness?
Repay what kindness?
Who is this kindness being repaid to?
Repaying... Dong Hua Dijun for saving my life.
Dong Hua Dijun?
You sure are interesting.
Every sentence you say is beyond my expectations.
Come, tell me.
How did you come across Dong Hua Dijun?
How did he save your life?
If you can bring me inside
I'll tell you.
These two guards have been blocking my way for four hours now.
Theyre not obliging at all.
That's easy.
Come with me.
You can take me inside?
If you had come across an ordinary deity, it would certainly have been difficult.
However, you happened across me today.
Goddess Cheng Yu.
I happen to be able to get you in.
Come.
Where are you taking me?
This is not the place to talk. Come with me.
So it's like that.
So you really did come to the Celestial Palace to repay him.
Of course.
With Dijun's status in the Celestial Palace
he does not lack for anything.
How are you thinking of repaying him?
There will come a day when he needs me
and then I'll be able to take the chance to repay this debt.
That makes sense.
However, if you want to have the right to come and go from Taichen Palace
there are only three ways.
Which three ways?
The first way is to be someone of high rank in this palace.
However, you are not.
The second way is to marry into Taichen Palace.
That... Marry?
Aren't I...
What is it, Your Highness? Are you really thinking of doing it?
No, no. I absolutely do not have that intention.
- I... I mean... - Don't explain.
I understand women.
However, even if you intend to, it is too soon to say.
That is why you are left with the third method.
It is also the one most suitable for you.
It may just be a bit humbling for you.
What is it?
Be a maid.
Maid?
Your Highness, what are you doing?
Entering the palace.
This is Taichen Palace.
Yes, I know.
Don't worry, although I get lost easily, I can recognize that sign.
Stop fooling around. Dijun is not such an easygoing person.
If he finds out you trespassed into Taichen Palace, he will throw you out.
Is Dijun such a person?
Who doesn't know it in the Celestial Palace?
Dijun is exactly that kind of person. He is disagreeable.
Look at how I am every day. So stringent!
He is so interesting!
Your Highness is the one who is interesting.
I can't talk anymore.
I had to bribe that deity in order to have a chance to enter Taichen Palace.
- I can't waste this chance. - Let me ask you.
Which deity in this world has such courage?
If I tell you, you can't tell anyone else.
Your Highness, don't worry. We're considered confidantes.
Lady Cheng Yu.
You sure know how to pick them.
On this heaven, only Cheng Yu would have helped you.
Why do you say that?
I saw she was pretty and thought she was a nice person, so that's why I asked her.
That is judging someone by appearance.
Lady Cheng Yu is an immortal who achieved ascension from the mortal realm
through cultivation.
At the same time, she is also Third Prince's beloved.
Lian Song?
The Heavenly Lord's third son?
It is indeed nice to have the protection of those in power.
You sure are understanding, Your Highness.
Of course.
I really can't talk anymore.
Come visit me often. I still need your help.
Your Highness! Your Highness!
Come here.
Is that maid new here?
Your Highness, all of them are newly arrived today.
Why are there always new people entering Dijun's palace?
Ye Hua is better. Only Star Lord and Jia Yun linger around him.
They're all men.
These incoming maids are all of the lowest ranks.
They're only responsible for chore work. They won't be near Dijun.
Tell the one who picks the maids
to not allow the pretty ones into Taichen Palace.
It will disturb the order in the palace.
Yes.
Over there.
You can sleep there.
That palace maid had violated Taichen Palace's rules
and was just thrown to the lower realm.
What is it?
It's nothing.
How come there's suddenly such a pretty one?
I heard she was just brought in.
It must be another enamored with Dijun and insisted on coming here
wanting to rise in the ranks easily.
She should've asked around first.
There are always a few in Taichen Palace every month
who are sent to the lower realm.
Xiao Jiu Jiu, you have to stay here a long time to repay the debt.
You have to do a good job. Don't get sent to the lower realm.
Stop right there.
Where are you going?
I'm going to serve tea to Dijun.
Who told you to?
Does someone need to tell me to?
Who do you think Dijun is?
He was the ruler of heaven and earth in olden days, one revered by all gods.
Although he has now ceded his position to the Heavenly Lord
he is someone who is respected by even Heavenly Lord and Crown Prince Ye Hua.
A newly arrived palace maid wants to enter his study to serve him tea?
Dont you know the rules?
The place I lived in before did not have so many rules.
Which valley ditch of the lower realm did you someone pick you up from?
Qing Qiu's... nearby mountain.
Qing Qiu?
The border region between the Celestial Realm and Qing Qiu?
It's said Qing Qiu is barbaric and uncultivated.
No wonder you don't know any rules.
Qing Qiu is barbaric?
- Isn't it? - Of course it isn't.
Qing Qiu customs are merely more simple in comparison.
We don't have as many rules as the Celestial Tribe.
We live leisurely.
That means you don't understand rules.
Why should I talk to a maid about this?
You, come here.
What are your orders, Princess?
This person doesn't know the rules.
Don't allow her to come near here again so she doesn't run into Dijun.
Tell her the Celestial Palace's rules in the next few days.
Don't let her embarrass Dijun and Taichen Palace.
Yes.
Why should I listen to you?
Because I am a princess and you are a palace maid.
If you were also a princess, you wouldn't have to listen to me.
Unfortunately, you're not.
- Wait. - Shut up.
That is the Crown Prince's cousin. How can you be so unreasonable?
The Crown Prince's cousin?
Wait.
Crown Prince is my aunt's future husband.
She is Crown Prince's cousin.
Then doesn't that mean she is a rank higher than me in seniority?
Father and Aunt often taught me to respect my elders.
Although this elder's personality is not much worthy of respect
she is still an elder.
Since my elder has said so
then all right, I'll learn the rules first.
No wonder the princess says you don't know the rules.
I said one thing to you and you were lost in thought for so long.
Yes, you are right.
Then let's go learn the rules first.
Learn the rules?
Does a chore maid need to learn the rules?
First come with me to the laundry room to work.
How was it?
Did you see Dijun today?
Hit me a few more times.
I'm so sore.
You're this tired?
I'm this tired, but I still didn't see Dijun.
Instead, I saw my aunt's future husband's cousin.
She told me to learn the rules.
Then those maids seized the chance to make me do taxing labor.
Your aunt's future husband's cousin?
Isn't that just Zhi Yue, that little girl?
She's also quite bizarre.
What is it? Did she give you a hard time?
What little girl? She's a rank higher than me in seniority.
If it is as you say, based on my past with the third prince
then aren't I a rank higher in seniority over Zhi Yue?
Then won't you have to call me Granny?
So why are you taking it so seriously?
Why don't you think about this?
If you speak of seniority
your aunt and the crown prince also aren't of the same seniority.
After living a long time, immortals don't care too much about these things.
You need not be afraid of her next time.
Don't forget that you are also a princess.
That's right.
Wait.
You mentioned your past with the third prince.
What is it?
It's nothing.
It was just a past relationship.
What is a past relationship?
It's nothing.
Anyways, we're now each doing well and no longer tied together.
It can be like that?
Why can't it?
In our Nine-tailed Fox Clan
when we have decided on someone, it is for all lifetimes.
Really?
THen didn't your aunt cancel her engagement to the second prince
and then arrange another to the crown prince?
That... That is because my aunt hadn't met the second prince.
My fourth uncle said
the love lives of those in our clan have been too smooth
so all the challenges in love were left for my aunt.
However, he also said
since the heavens gave my aunt such a beautiful face
it's only right that her love life has some twists and turns.
Otherwise, it wouldn't be fair if she received all the advantages.
Now that you say that
I really can't wait for your aunt to enter the Celestial Palace
so I can see how the world's number one beauty looks.
My aunt is very beautiful.
