There are many injured soldiers inside. It's not correct for a woman to enter.
Wait out here for me.
Second Prince.
Your Highness.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
These soldiers may belong to Chang Sea, but they acknowledge you more.
Ever since I returned from Kunlun Mountain
I've been leading the army in place of my uncle all these years.
Naturally, they would look to me.
Uncle has no sons.
This is also why he won't break ties with the Mermaid Clan so easily.
After all, the Celestial Tribe rules from so far away.
When the Celestial Army leaves, leaving him with the Mermaid Clan
it will be the Chang Sea Army who suffers the retaliation.
If there is a war, you must be ruthless and leave no survivors.
Save my leg.
Do you want your leg or your life?
If someone like me loses my leg, that is as good as losing my life.
How will I earn a living?
Listen.
Your leg has been too severely injured.
Army Physician.
Your Highness.
What is the condition of their injuries?
It... It isn't good.
Do you want to return home?
Even in my dreams.
If I gave you a chance to end this fighting
that has gone on for dozens of millennia, would you be willing to take it?
I would! I would!
Everyone, I have a request to make.
Will you lend me your assistance?
Your Highness, we are just injured soldiers.
We could risk our lives for you but how could men like us make a difference?
In this main tent, there are only about 40 men.
How can we help you?
I know what you are all worried about.
After all, Chang Sea Army doesn't want to wage war against the Mermaid Clan.
You're afraid you'll be committing a crime.
Your Highness, we are not afraid of dying.
We're afraid that a war
will bring disaster to our parents and wives.
Yes, the Mermaids are violent. They take their revenge.
In our endless fight
we are the ones who are injured, the ones who joined the army.
Should there be a great war, winning would be good
but if we lose, the army will just give a document of surrender
while us underlings will be left in misery.
Yes.
It isn't as if we haven't fought against the Mermaids before.
We mostly came away with losses.
- Yes, Your Highness. - We have our difficulties.
How could I not disregard the lives of all those in Chang Sea?
This is the Celestial Tribe's Crown Prince.
His Highness has come here
to prove the Celestial Tribe's resolve to wage war against the Mermaid Clan.
The Celestial Palace has finally noticed Chang Sea.
Your Highness.
May the Celestial Palace send its army to drive the Mermaids out of Chang Sea.
My entire family of 13 died by the hands of the Mermaid Clan.
They are my sworn enemy!
May the Celestial Palace send its army to drive the Mermaids out of Chang Sea.
I make an oath here today.
I will drive the Mermaids out of Chang Sea and return peace to you.
- Thank you, Your Highness. - Thank you, Your Highness.
What is wrong?
I came across an injured soldier and saw blood.
I suddenly feel a bit unwell.
It might be because I drank yesterday.
This young man looks like the refined type.
He must not be accustomed to being in an army camp.
Here, drink some water.
No need.
That is fine.
The water in this kind of place may not be clean either.
Why don't you return to rest?
Is there a clean tent so an army physician can take a look?
I'll go find a clean tent right away.
How is he?
- This... - Be forthright.
Report, Master.
This young man has the pulse of one who is pregnant.
What?
I understand. You two may step outside now.
Do not speak of this.
Please rest assured.
Ye Hua, is what he said true?
Su Su.
You cannot stay here now. I must send you back immediately.
Why must you send me away?
There will soon be a big war in Chang Sea.
You are with child. I cannot allow you to stay here.
You are also a mortal. Why do you have to stay?
One last time.
- Really? - Absolutely.
All right, I'll trust you one last time.
Where are you thinking of going?
We just learned I am with child. Are you not letting me walk around now?
So I am pregnant now?
How come you don't seem happy?
Since you heard I am with child, you have had a serious expression.
Have I?
I haven't seen you smile.
I'm so happy that I don't know how to smile.
Congratulations, Master, you are going to be a father.
Congratulations to you too. You're going to be a mother.
Is it good?
I made all of these.
If they are not to your liking, I'll find other things to cook for you.
When you first began working to be an immortal, did you cook for others?
But because you knew how to use weapons, you were sent to subdue monsters?
I have never cooked for another before.
Really?
It tastes so good though.
Ye Hua, what were you like as a child?
When I was a child?
Did you like to cry or throw tantrums?
I'm wondering if this baby will be like you.
Did your mother have a smooth delivery when she gave birth to you?
My mother had difficulty giving birth to me.
She had labor pains for seven days.
Such torment?
My father says so as well.
Then your mother must dote on you very much.
I can't say I was pampered.
The moment I was born, I was taken away.
I only saw my mother when I became a young boy.
My respectable teacher is very well-known.
Because of this
I studied every day for 14 hours straight starting at dawn
until evening when lights had to be lit.
Because your teacher had some fame
you had to suffer such torment.
Then don't you think the Crown Prince in heaven
would have to suffer such torment every day?
Perhaps.
Why don't we leave?
Yan Zhi.
Uncle.
If you hadn't come, I'd have already forgotten about you, my nephew.
Uncle.
I came here because I want to borrow some troops from you.
Borrow troops?
Keep on dreaming.
In the past, my mother's father treated you like his own son.
I cannot believe you are now behaving with such ingratitude!
Your mother's father?
Your mother has been dead for hundreds of millennia.
Your father has been sealed in the Bell of the East Emperor for 70,000 years.
The entire Ghost Tribe
is under the control of your brother, who used to be irresponsible.
What do you have? You dare speak so boldly in front of me?
If my grandfather had had sons of his own
instead of having only my mother and my aunts
you would not be in any position to be the Mermaid King!
Leave, leave! Don't spoil my good mood.
If you keep gabbing, you'd better be careful or I'll become hostile.
- You! - What? Leave!
Didn't you hear him tell you to leave?
Let me tell you. Even the Water King has to show respect to us.
If the Ghost Lord came, even he would have to carry our King's shoes.
You have no power or authority.
You only have the meaningless name of Eldest Prince.
How dare you spoil our leader's mood?
That's right. Leave! Our leader has no time to listen to you.
- Leave! - Leave!
If it weren't for your grandfather, who gave me this position
I'd have cut you up already!
He doesn't know what's good for him!
King.
You shouldn't drink so much.
You have to attend a banquet later at the Water King of Chang Sea's Palace.
A banquet?
The Water King wants me to marry one of his daughters to avoid war.
He had some eldest disciple of Mo Yuan fight me for dozens of millennia.
Now he's trying to use a woman on me.
Nothing will work! Chang Sea will be mine sooner or later!
Greetings, Father.
Hong'er, rise.
Hong'er, go in my stead.
Bring me back a princess you like. She will be my wife.
All right.
You will go with the prince.
Don't treat them too well or else they'll walk all over us.
Don't let them think giving me a princess will do any good.
Yes.
How long have I been sleeping? Sleep has me confused.
There is a banquet tonight. You are pregnant, so you shouldn't go.
Good. I don't want to attend to those princesses.
I'm going now.
Your Highness, there's been a change.
The one who came isn't the Mermaid King, but his youngest son.
That is even better.
Come, drink.
Young prince, you have such spirit.
You bear a resemblance to the Mermaid King long ago.
It makes me so envious, for I have only two daughters.
Water King, you need not be so polite.
Come, let's all raise our cups in a toast to the young prince.
- To the young prince. - To the young prince.
Lu Xiu.
Fill the young prince's cup.
Young prince.
This is...
This is my second daughter, Lu Xiu.
So it is Princess Lu Xiu.
Please.
Despicable.
What did you say?
Why did you touch my hand?
It is your good fortune for me to take a liking to you.
Would you rather marry my father and be one of his many women
instead of giving yourself to me?
- You! - Lu Xiu.
Father, their entire clan is shameless and cruel.
Why must you yield to them?
You should fight them with all you have!
Presumptuous. You had best shut your mouth quickly.
Greetings, Water King.
Whatever it is, wait until after the banquet.
Water King, it is an urgent military affair.
An urgent military affair?
What?
Is that true?
Absolutely.
What has happened?
It is nothing. Just a tiny matter.
A tiny matter?
They why did he say it was a military affair?
This is the Chang Sea, so if it's not your army
then it is my Mermaid Clan's army.
What military affair could escape my attention?
It is just an internal military affair. It does not concern you.
Uncle.
I'm afraid it it is not of no concern to the Mermaid Clan.
Die Feng?
Uncle, how can mutiny be a tiny matter?
If you cannot give an explanation to our soldiers
then before the Mermaid Clan makes their move
Chang Sea Army will destroy in one day the foundation that took years to build.
If you still think of me as your uncle, then you'd better shut your mouth!
What is the matter? What do you mean there is a mutiny?
Young prince, please do not misunderstand.
It's said the Water King of Chang Sea is irresolute and unaccomplished.
Meeting you today, the rumors are indeed true
and I am extremely disappointed!
How dare a low immortal act so arrogantly in my presence?
Die Feng, this friend of yours is...
This is His Highness, the Crown Prince.
Crown Prince?
Greetings to Crown Prince.
Greetings to Crown Prince.
Please rise.
Yes.
I did not know you were visiting Chang Sea in disguise.
Please forgive me if I have been lacking in manners.
Lacking in manners is inconsequential
but lacking propriety for a deity clan is a serious offense.
Your Highness, please do not listen to the slander from others.
I have been in Chang Sea for 170,000 years.
I may not have achieved great merits, but I have abided by my duties
and dared not fail at a deity clan's propriety.
Is that so?
The Mermaid Clan has repeatedly harmed civilians
and terrorized Chang Sea.
Why did you not report it to the Celestial Palace?
A Water King of Chang Sea
is actually currying favor with a son of the Mermaid King
and even attempts to cover up mutiny!
What do I need you for?
I had no choice.
As Water King of Chang Sea
first, you failed to ensure peaceful living for your clan
second, you failed to make soldiers acknowledge allegiance to you
and third, you couldn't even protect your own family.
How am I to trust you again?
Stand up!
Your Highness, please spare my life. Spare my life!
Uncle, get up.
The Crown Prince is here in Chang Sea to eliminate the Mermaid Clan.
If you want to save your life, shouldn't you be doing something?
A sacrifice.
The Mermaid Clan is bloodthirsty.
The Mermaid King dotes on his youngest son the most.
If we really do kill him...
If we really do kill him but don't win this war
I'm afraid the entire Chang Sea will be destroyed!
If you continue to hesitate, it will be a death sentence.
Guards!
Seize these two from the Mermaid Clan!
Behead them as a sacrifice!
- Yes! - Yes!
Water King of Chang Sea, my father will massacre your entire Chang Sea Clan!
Go!
My father will definitely massacre your entire Chang Sea Clan!
Go!
Your Highness, Chang Sea soldiers number just 10,000
and are no match for the 70,000 Mermaid Clan warriors.
Your Highness, please provide your assistance.
Chang Sea may be an annexed territory
but the Celestial Tribe gives equal treatment to all.
Since you have firmed your resolve
I will gather soldiers to assist you and bring peace to Chang Sea.
Thank you, Your Highness.
- Thank you, Your Highness. - Thank you, Your Highness.
Ye Hua, I will not stand under the same sky as you!
- Kill! Kill! - Kill! Kill!
This hairstyle fits your valiant and formidable appearance.
There is nothing more to improve on.
Su Su, close your eyes.
Are we going to Ten-mile Peach Tree Woods again?
Isn't this our Mount Junji?
Come.
We are finally back.
We are back.
Let's not leave again.
I still have to handle an important task.
Will you be back in time for the birth of our child?
Definitely.
I will finish as soon as possible and I'll never leave you again.
Do you still remember that copper mirror?
If there is anything important, call to me with that copper mirror.
I will definitely be back in half a month.
What if you still haven't returned after half a month?
What will you do if I do not return?
If you still aren't back, I'll give you another half a month.
If you are still late, I definitely will not let you off lightly.
All right.
But remember this, Su Su.
After I leave, you must not step foot outside of this forest.
Now that you are carrying my child, you could be easily be found by my family.
If you are found, it will not be good.
Why would it not be good?
I'll tell you everything when I get back.
I am already carrying your child.
I still can't meet your family?
Wait for me to come back.
We'll find a suitable place
to plant ten miles of peach trees that belong only to you.
Good.
I permit you to personally gather and mobilize the soldiers tomorrow.
Force the Mermaid Clan into submission within a month.
Seven days.
Seven days?
I will have the Mermaid King's head in seven days.
Use the Mermaid Clan's submission
to further establish your prestige throughout the four seas.
Ye Hua, do not disappoint me.
I will not fail in my mission.
There is one more thing.
Qing Qiu has given a response on the wedding date.
Bai Qian is currently in seclusion.
The day she comes out will be the day you will be wed.
Yes.
Congratulations, Your Highness.
I'll ask you one last time.
For this woman
you are going to give up the throne that is yours for the taking?
What is this called in the mortal realm?
To love not the country, but the beauty?
This is not what a good ruler does.
I won't be a good ruler if I take that seat reluctantly.
Why not give the seat to someone virtuous instead?
With my death, perhaps Heavenly Lord may find an even better successor quickly.
This war...
can be repayment to Heavenly Lord for his many years of nurturing me.
Is Third Uncle willing to lend me a helping hand?
This is causation.
Binding you to marriage with Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
can be considered a shameful deed.
Now look. I have to pay for it so soon.
But don't worry. I will definitely help you.
I will stand witness for you in front of Heavenly Lord
and say that you were annihilated, and there are no remains.
Thank you, Third Uncle.
However, I must still remind you...
Father has always been a skeptic at heart.
You must be absolutely prudent. Do not rush things.
If you arouse Father's suspicion
even if you hide outside of the three realms
he will personally bring you back to be punished.
I know Heavenly Lord's temperament better than you do.
Third Prince.
Crown Prince.
What is Your Highness doing?
Heavenly Lord said the entire Xiwu Palace must be tidied up and spruced up
in preparation for the upcoming wedding.
I see.
That is right.
His Highness will be marrying his Crown Princess Consort.
It must be done with care.
Indeed. Not even the slightest bit of negligence can be allowed.
That is why I didn't dare delegate the task to any other
and I came to take a look myself.
Where are Your Highnesses heading?
Us?
We are going to visit Consort Le Xu.
I was just at Consort Le Xu's.
Her Highness has been thinking about the Crown Prince for a long time.
She will surely be very happy to see you.
Speaking of which, Consort Su Jin is indeed the closest with Consort Le Xu.
Her Highness raised me. I owe her for that.
It is only proper that I visit her often.
Congratulations, Your Highness.
Congratulations, Your Highness.
Congratulations, Your Highness.
It seems this felicitous news has reached every corner of the Celestial Palace.
Mother.
Ye Hua.
Come here.
Every time you see me, you observe such proper etiquette.
A lot of feelings between mother and son are lost.
Although I am sad, I do not blame you.
From the moment I gave birth to you, I could not see you.
Whether you were hungry, tired, weary
or suffered a grievance
I could not be by your side taking care of you.
Every time I think of this, I feel guilty.
Even with your engagement to Bai Qian of Qing Qiu
I was one of the last ones in the Celestial Palace to know about it.
Nor do I have the right to ask...
if you are pleased with this engagement.
Mother, you need not blame yourself.
As Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe, marriage is not my decision to make.
My satisfaction does not matter to me.
For the title of Crown Prince
you have given up too much ever since you were a child.
I really wish you had been just an ordinary child
and did not have to be so shackled.
Sister-in-law, you are particularly sentimental about the past today.
I don't know why.
Ever since I heard Ye Hua will be leading an army to Chang Sea
I have been anxious.
Crown Prince's powers are no less than Mo Yuan's in the past.
It is but a mere Mermaid Clan. Why are you so worried?
Probably in less than three days, he will send back word of his victory.
Women always like to worry too much.
After I leave
I hope you will take care of yourself.
All right. All right.
I am very comfortable in the Celestial Palace.
You do not need to think about me
I don't want you to be distracted when you are on the battlefield.
Without your father here, you'll have to bear with me.
We clearly bowed to heaven and earth and became husband and wife.
But he still can't bring me home to see his family.
It makes me seem like a mistress.
I can't even walk around.
It is so hurtful.
Greetings, Your Highness.
I have brought 30,000 soldiers from the West Sea
ready for your orders at any time.
I may only have 10,000 soldiers from Chang Sea
but we are willing to risk our lives and are ready for your orders at any time.
Greetings, Your Highness.
Your Highness.
I am also willing to listen to your orders.
What are you doing here?
My entire clan laid down their lives for the Celestial Tribe 70,000 years ago.
Today, all the various clan leaders are here.
Even if I am alone
I've asked Heavenly Lord for permission to don armor and go to battle
and fight alongside all the clan leaders.
Consort Su Jin, please follow me.
Although you have become my father's consort
I should not scold you much.
However, I must still urge you.
You can't even lift a sword.
Besides putting on a show
what other use do you have for coming here dressed like this?
I want to live or die with the Crown Prince.
Su Jin.
Could it be you still have feelings for Ye Hua?
Regardless of what you truly think
since you have joined my father's palace
it is no longer possible between you and Ye Hua.
That is why I urge you to forget this notion of yours.
Bai Qian canceled her engagement
with the Water King of the North Sea to marry Ye Hua.
Who can predict what will happen in the Celestial Palace?
Preposterous!
The moment of war is near at hand.
I only hope you will not hold Ye Hua back.
Watch out for yourself, Consort Su Jin.
- We will send our troops out tonight. - What? Tonight?
Why are you in such a hurry, Your Highness?
Your Highness, the Celestial Tribe's soldiers have just arrived
and are not familiar with the waters of Chang Sea.
The Mermaid King has been here for 70,000 years.
- He is- - What you're thinking...
is what the Mermaid Clan is thinking.
You all thought I would rest a few days before sending out our troops.
The enemy has their guard down at the moment.
Tonight is the best time to attack.
Go gather all the soldiers quickly. We head out this evening.
- Yes. - Yes.
Ye Hua.
I'm afraid Su Jin's arrival brings some variables.
Your fake death tonight must be done absolutely thoroughly.
Don't let her see any mistakes.
There will not be any mistakes.
Being cut by the Mermaid Clan's Soul Slayer
is sure death.
Do you really intend to take a blow?
That is correct.
There is no helping you.
You would risk your life for her?
Don't worry, Third Uncle.
I will gauge how much to let the blade slash me
so that the condition of my injury seems severe
but I will not really lose my life.
It is unpredictable! How can it be as easy as you say?
I only ask that you send me to a hidden location afterward
and report to Heavenly Lord that I have died and disintegrated like smoke.
I'll ask you one last time.
After this war, the Celestial Palace will no longer have Crown Prince Ye Hua.
Are you willing to accept that?
I only wish...
to be free soon, and never to be tied down again.
