High God, please allow us to take him back
to be buried in the Sea of Innocence on the 36th day.
High God, please grant us this wish.
It isn't as if Auntie is going to do something to the Crown Prince's body.
Since His Highness was so devoted to her when he was alive
what is the harm in leaving him here?
Just because you're a bigger crowd, and Lord Dong Hua came with you...
Mi Gu.
That's enough.
Yes, Auntie.
I've taken in what you just said.
I also understand your reasoning.
It's just that when I was Su Su...
I was Ye Hua's wife.
I'm still engaged to Ye Hua now.
As his wife, there is one last thing I'd like to do for him.
Let me dress him well...
wipe his face...
so he can leave Qing Qiu nicely groomed.
As for this kowtow, it's what I should do for the both of you as Ye Hua's wife.
Please get up.
We'll give you some time.
Thank you.
Sister-in-law, don't cry.
Ye Hua came to such an end for doing what he should
as the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe
to save all lives, and the world.
You shouldn't hold a grudge against High God Bai Qian anymore.
This will drive a wedge between Qing Qiu and the Celestial Tribe.
I'm Ye Hua's mother.
He died twice for the same woman.
Am I to worry about the friendship between Qing Qiu and the Celestial Tribe?
Am I not heartbroken?
Is Bai Qian the only heartbroken one?
Don't get so agitated, Sister-in-law!
That isn't what I meant.
Since High God Bai Qian has agreed to hand over Ye Hua's body
we should be a bit more patient.
Please have some tea.
I heard that Little Princess will take the throne as the Queen of Qing Qiu.
It's quite remarkable of you to take one of the five thrones
in the Five Far Lands at such a young age.
That was because my aunt was going to marry into the Nine Heavens.
But now...
I think I won't have to take the throne anymore.
Ye Hua, do you still remember?
I told you that I'd lock you up in Qing Qiu.
You could look only at me every day.
But it now seems that...
I won't be able to do so.
It's because you're the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
I'm the Queen of Qing Qiu.
If I insist on keeping you
it will put Qing Qiu and the Celestial Tribe in a bind.
I remember you told me then that...
You envied your second uncle the most.
At the time, I really didn't understand.
He... He's just the Water King of the North.
What is there to envy a Water King of the North?
But now I understand it.
If you were not the Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe
I could keep you here in Qing Qiu.
Then we could be together forever.
I do have quite an awkward identity.
When I was a mortal...
I wasn't good enough for you.
Now that I'm a Queen...
I can't keep you.
Am I not actually useless?
But that's all right.
I'll always remember those days we once shared.
I'll lock them away deep in my heart...
I'll never forget them.
All right, we won't talk about such matters anymore.
I have a secret to tell you.
Did you know that...
when you stood outside my Fox Den for seven days and nights...
I'd already forgiven you?
But you know how I am.
I just... had to act tough.
Ye Hua...
I'd forgiven you long ago.
It has been so hard on you for the past few hundred years.
Ye Hua is sleeping very soundly.
Please carry him out very carefully.
Prince Yang Cuo...
High God Bai Qian, what else can I do for you?
Can I come with you to the Sea of Innocence?
My apologies, High God.
The Sea of Innocence is a sacred place of the Celestial Tribe.
Only our tribesmen are allowed in.
You are, after all, the Queen of Qing Qiu.
According to the rites, it's best for you not to be there.
You were only engaged to my son, not married.
Although they weren't married, they were very much in love.
Why can't my aunt be there?
Forget it, Feng Jiu.
That's the rule of the Celestial Tribe.
Auntie!
Auntie!
Auntie!
Ye Hua!
- Auntie! - Auntie!
Ye Hua...
Auntie! Here...
Fourth Uncle, take care of my aunt for me.
Certainly.
Qian Qian, don't cry...
The elders were around just now, so I couldn't ask you.
Moreover, you were all there to pick on my aunt.
What would you like to ask?
Your injuries...
They are almost healed.
That's good...
Then I'll...
I thought you were going to ask me the question.
What?
The question you asked me before the battle against Qing Cang.
If... I said if.
If you didn't remove your name from the Rock of Three Incarnations
would you have fallen for me?
Yes.
Lord Dong Hua, what did you just say?
If I hadn't removed my name from the Rock of Three Incarnations
I would have fallen for you.
I only took the heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm to fulfill your wish.
But all the more to fulfill my wish.
Go.
You're here?
You're here!
I've been thinking for the past few days.
If I were vanquished as well, I would be able to find you.
But I'm also afraid that if I were also gone
would I not remember you?
It's best for me not to have my spirit vanquished, then.
At least, I could still see you before my eyes.
I can see you smiling at me.
How lovely...
How lovely...
Ye Hua?
Ye Hua?
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua...
Ye Hua!
Ye Hua, where are you?
Ye Hua...
Ye Hua!
- Ye Hua... - Get up!
Now that Ye Hua is dead, you can't survive?
You're already at a ripe old age!
Can you still not get over the loss of lives?
It isn't that I can't...
I don't know how...
Fourth Brother, did you know?
I was drunk that day and broke the Soul-gathering Lamp.
In a blink, I recalled the past from 300 years ago.
All that I remembered was how mean Ye Hua treated me.
I couldn't recall how affectionate he was to me.
Now that Ye Hua is gone...
All the memories that flashed past day by day...
They were all about his devotion to me.
Quit thinking about him, then.
Fourth Brother, do you know that...
Li Jing came to Qing Qiu to see me?
That day, I gave him such a sound scolding.
I told him that he spent his lifetime seeking what he can't have.
When he did, he didn't cherish it.
How am I any different?
It is only after Ye Hua is gone that I realize...
I really can't live...
without him.
Forget it.
Go and get some rest.
Ye Hua...
Ye Hua...
Qian Qian, come here.
Tell me about that play you read.
Ye Hua...
What is the matter?
This is so lovely... so lovely...
Qian Qian, there's really nothing between me
and that figurine in the Mortal Realm.
I only had her look after my sick mortal mother.
Su Jin made that figurine.
I know...
I know.
Qian Qian...
Although I grew up with Su Jin
I only saw her as a stand for my brushes.
I never even noticed what her brows looked like.
I don't care who she marries.
How could I be upset about that and take you as a rebound?
I know...
I know.
I believe in all that you say.
The second of September was a good date.
Sadly, we've missed it.
It's all right.
It's all right...
As long as you're here
as long as you're with me
any day is a good day.
Are you going to lock me up in Qing Qiu?
Can I?
Ye Hua...
Your parents said that we're not married yet
so they can't even leave me your corpse.
I don't know if this cenotaph buried with just your belongings
is good enough to let you hear me.
I dreamed of you tonight.
It was as if you were alive.
You could still speak to me.
I really think that it's lovely.
If you have the time, come into my dreams more often.
Come and chat with me.
Play chess with me...
Little lass.
You're the youngest Queen of Qing Qiu now.
Your aunt was still training in Kunlun Mountain when she was your age.
Grandmother.
Auntie isn't getting married anymore.
Why would she still pass on her throne to me?
Your aunt...
It's fine, Grandmother. I understand.
What do you understand?
You've never been married.
Grandmother, Auntie has gone traveling with Fourth Uncle.
It's already been three years.
Will they return today?
I don't know about that.
I'll lead you out to be greeted by our people of Qing Qiu.
Father...
Others would have thought that you're escorting me to my wedding.
Goodness me.
You're soon going to become the Queen of Qing Qiu
and you're still so mischievous.
Look at you.
You seem more like an elder than us.
I got it.
Are you trying to imply that
Bai Yi is more like how I was when I was younger?
Listen to yourself.
Of all my five children, only one is so headstrong.
You were just like that when you were young.
What?
Are you headstrong?
I'm not.
All right now.
Let's get going.
Lord Dong Hua...
A few days ago, Star Lord came to tell me secretly
that for the past three years
you've worked so hard on behalf of the Celestial Tribe
you've had insomnia for more than half a month...
That Heavenly Lord has quite a few sons.
Why would you have to be the exhausted one?
Sadly, I can only feel bad for you, not change anything.
Lord Dong Hua...
From this day forth
Feng Jiu will become the Queen of Qing Qiu.
Both my aunt and father taught me that as the Queen of Qing Qiu
I can no longer act willfully anymore.
I can't enter Taichen Palace at will to make you tea
and stay with you all night without considering my identity.
Congratulations to Your Majesty for becoming the Queen of Qing Qiu!
All realms are in awe, and our people pledge their loyalty to you!
Lord Shaoyang of Dong Hua Zi Manor's Star Lord of Destiny is here
upon the orders of Lord Dong Hua to congratulate the Queen on her coronation.
This is His Lordship's gift to you.
This is a map of all Four Seas and Eight Far Lands
used by Lord Dong Hua when he conquered the realms and united them.
His Lordship drew this himself.
His Lordship is so generous!
The conquest map of Lord Shaoyang of Dong Hua Zi Manor and Heavenly Father.
We've only heard of it.
Even the current Heavenly Lord didn't get to see it.
I thought that was just a legend.
Thank you, Star Lord.
His Lordship sent his gift, but I wonder if he has a message for me?
His Lordship said that you will understand once you open the map.
Hundreds of thousands of years, so much has changed with time.
None of what was drawn on this map exists anymore.
Even the Four Seas and the Eight Far Lands will change in the future.
Everything in the world is small and insignificant.
There is nothing to keep on one's mind.
This bow is for Lord Dong Hua.
Qing Qiu's Bai Feng Jiu thanks Lord Dong Hua for his gift.
I hope that Qing Qiu shall remain friends
with the Celestial Tribe for eternity to bring blessings to all.
- Well done! - Great play!
- Great! - Well done!
- Great! - Well done!
Should we go for a walk?
Deity friends, you're also traveling in the Mortal Realm?
How could you tell that we're immortals?
Your celestial aura is very strong.
It's normal that a mortal can't notice it.
But it wouldn't be right if I didn't.
Let's go.
Could you both lend me some money?
I saw that the actors did well in the play, so I feel bad not tipping them.
That's not a problem.
But even as a minor deity
you should be able to conduct magic to create a few shillings.
Why would you have to borrow from me?
My parents are worried that I'll get into trouble
so they sealed off my powers.
- Great! - Well done!
Who exactly is he?
This is the Fox King's son, the most beautiful person in all realms.
How do I pay you back for this pearl?
Don't bother.
Look at this waterfall.
It goes right into the river around the clock and never turns back.
I think that one's life should be so.
We shouldn't keep looking back.
We must look forward.
You're right, Fourth Brother.
Look at these mortals.
They only get a few decades of life.
Yet, they even have to go through all sorts of fortune and misfortune
that Star Lord wrote for them.
Some might stay poor all their lives
while some never realize their ambitions.
The good women who are raised well might encounter very different marriages.
But they are still leading their lives happily.
Looking at those mortals
don't you think that you're a lot luckier than them?
You've become so long-winded in the past three years.
Have I not become so just to enlighten you?
Honestly, you look so much better these days.
I've had him in my dreams every day in the recent months
so I definitely look refreshed and well.
Fifth Sister.
Can you still differentiate between reality and your dreams?
Fourth Brother, have you heard of Zhuang Zhou's dream of a butterfly?
A man named Zhuang Zhou dreamed that he became a butterfly.
He flew everywhere, and was so happy.
However, when he woke up, he realized that he was still a mortal.
In the end, no one knew if it were Zhuang Zhou
who dreamed of becoming a butterfly
or that butterfly dreamed of becoming Zhuang Zhou.
Since the first time I dreamed of him three years ago
I already figured it out.
Whether I live reality as a dream, or the dream as my reality
it's just a different way of life, but it is still life.
My dear!
My dear!
Please don't leave me, my dear!
My dear!
I'm so devoted to you and treated both your sons as if they were my own.
My dear, you can't divorce me!
I'm begging you!
You mustn't...
- My dear! - Some widow you were.
You kept pestering me and drove a wedge between me and my wife.
I thought that I could have some good days after marrying you
but who knew that you have such loose morals?
You'd even seduce some thug on the streets!
I have given you the divorce papers!
Stop pestering me!
My dear, don't!
My dear!
My dear!
