Dijun, what do you have in your arms?
You can't tell from looking what this is?
I've just never seen Dijun have any relations with a woman. I'm shocked.
Isn't that Qing Qiu's little princess?
She's a nice girl. A nice girl.
But you shouldn't mess with Qing Qiu.
Dijun, my second brother and Ye Hua both fell into their hands.
You have to think about this carefully.
It's not easy being a son-in-law of the Fox Clan.
Did she get tricked into eating a drunken fruit?
Go ask your woman about it.
- Dijun. - Dijun.
Where does Feng Jiu sleep?
That bed.
Dong Hua... Dong Hua.
Dijun.
Did you carry me back to the palace yesterday?
That's right.
Then... were you the one who fed me two bowls of sobering soup?
No, it was three bowls.
Is there anything else you want to ask?
If there's nothing else, then I have to head to court.
Then... how should we account for the sobering soup?
I don't mind if you add it to the debt of having saved your life.
What?
What? You don't want to pay that debt?
- No, that's not it. - That's fine too.
A couple bowls of sobering soup are not a big deal.
No, I have to pay back the debt of sobering soup too.
I can't break Qing Qiu's rules.
I can't embarrass Aunt.
Seems like your aunt taught you quite well.
My aunt has always taught me by words and example.
Even my mom and dad say I'm most like my aunt when she was young.
Oh?
You're most like your aunt?
When your aunt was young, she was a disciple at Kunlun Mountain.
She was more overbearing than you.
With one wave of the Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun
she got rid of 18 immortals.
How come I've never heard Aunt talk about that?
While you were at the Celestial Palace, has Si Ming told you about
what kind of person Dong Hua Dijun is?
He keeps away from worldly affairs
even major events that deal with the peace of all the realms.
He doesn't respect others, and doesn't go to banquets.
He's the kind of immortal you would hang a portrait of on your wall.
So you don't have to worry about me knowing about this.
I'm an immortal who doesn't gossip with others.
Really? You really won't tell others that my Aunt is Si Yin?
I won't.
This is Qing Qiu's biggest secret.
I just accidentally overheard it.
Even Mo Yuan's...
Come to think of it
Lord of Numinous Treasures and I have a special fate with your aunt.
After your aunt marries and comes to the Celestial Palace
I will talk to her about this.
Didn't you promise me you wouldn't tell outsiders about this?
Does your aunt count as an outsider?
No.
Then I'll head over to court.
Okay.
You're back. Hurry and add some firewood.
What's wrong? Did smoke get in your eyes?
Come here.
Let me see.
Do you know that you've been gone for one year and nine months?
I know.
Aren't you scared that I'll be old when you come back?
I am. That's why I'm making plans for us to stay together for a long, long time.
Is it because your family doesn't like me?
Or is it because you already have a wife?
Before marrying you, I've never been married before.
Don't cry.
I kept thinking about what I should do if you already had a wife.
All right. Everything's okay now.
Why did you make such a complicated dish?
Why not? Should I make you eat raw meat every day?
What's with your face of disgust?
It's like someone has forced you to eat raw meat before.
Someone has.
Really? Who was so tactless and forced you to eat raw meat?
All right, get ready to eat.
Okay.
Eat while it's hot.
I have to go far away again.
You have to leave again?
I have to leave tomorrow morning.
How long will you be gone for this time?
One year? Two years? Or ten years?
Su Su.
Take me with you this time.
No.
Why not?
It's dangerous. I can't take you with me.
I'm not scared of danger, no matter how bad it is.
I'm scared of not being with you.
I never know where you are.
I never know when you'll be back.
I really don't want to continue like this.
Ye Hua, what do you take me for?
Do you think of me as your wife?
If so, then we should be interdependent and go through everything together.
Su Su, you don't understand.
I don't want you to be in any danger.
You don't understand either.
I'd rather be with you and in danger.
Pack up tonight. We'll head out tomorrow morning.
- Really? - What? You want to back out now?
Why would I back out?
Where are you taking me?
You'll know when we get there.
Okay.
Let's eat.
I'm going far away. I can't feed you anymore.
If fate allows, let's meet again in the future.
Su Su.
This is a fan for you.
Fan?
What? Is something wrong with it?
This fan is really similar to the one I gave away.
Even the painting on it is similar.
The priest told me that the painting was of Kunlun Mountain.
Most fans look the same. There are only a limited number of mountains to paint.
That's true.
But it looks too similar.
Su Su, hide behind the trees.
What's wrong?
Those guys look pretty good.
Yes, let's catch them and offer them to our leader.
Let's go!
Hide!
Master?
Ye Hua.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. What about you?
Seventeenth?
No, she's clearly a woman
and a mortal with no magic breath.
How could I have mistaken her?
But if she's not Seventeenth, why does she have Master's fan?
And this man...
Although he looks very similar to Master, he doesn't have Master's magic breath.
Who exactly is he?
Who exactly are these two people?
Where are you from?
Wait here for me.
May I speak to you somewhere else?
Okay.
Are you Water King of West Sea's second son Die Feng?
I am. And you are?
I am Crown Prince Ye Hua.
Your High-
I came undercover to Chang Sea on Heavenly Lord's orders.
I don't want anyone else to know my identity.
Including that person.
I understand.
What is Your Highness here at Chang Sea for?
The mermaid clan.
So it was because of the mermaid clan.
I knew the Celestial Palace would make a move soon.
How did Your Highness know my identity?
I heard from a general of one of the clans
that for the past thousands of years
you've been helping the Water King of Chang Sea to ward off the mermaid clan.
Furthermore, from your expression when you saw me
I could tell you mistook me for your master, Mo Yuan.
You are very meticulous in your observation. I am impressed.
Does Your Highness know where that Jade Purity Fan of Kunlun came from?
It was in the mortal world and then ended up in Li Jing's hands.
Since it was a magic artifact of Kunlun Mountain, I asked him for it.
Li Jing?
Your Highness, please come with me to Chang Sea and tell me in detail.
Don't call me Your Highness.
You can call me Hua Ye instead.
This is the Crystal Palace of Chang Sea.
After entering here, you will have left the mortal world
and entered into the immortal world.
Ye Hua, what were you two talking so seriously about just now?
I was asking him if he could not expose the fact this this fan was a counterfeit
so that I won't be embarrassed before my wife.
Yeah, right. I don't believe you.
You two talked for that long about this?
What do you think we were talking about?
Look at him. He's dressed like that, which must mean he's very important.
After seeing how amazing you were, is he trying to recruit you as a general?
You should read less plays.
Did I guess wrong?
I'm a mortal. How could an immortal regard me so highly?
He's an immortal?
Sir, do you know that one day in the immortal world
is one year in the mortal world?
Once you enter into the sea, every day that goes by
is one whole year, with all the seasons.
I read about that in a play.
A few months for you guys is a lifetime for us.
So what if we live for a long time?
I've been spending the past 70,000 years looking for someone
but haven't made any progress at all.
Isn't that like living in vain?
Are you looking for a relative?
Not a relative, but someone more important than a relative.
Let's go.
Big Brother.
Yan Zhi.
Big Brother, I've made all the arrangements.
I'll send you to a secret place
where Second Brother absolutely won't be able to find you.
Why do I have to flee from him?
Second Brother has already been Ghost Lord for 70,000 years.
His position is stable.
And Father's trusted confidants are all gone.
Big Brother, just find a place to settle down.
All the jewels I've collected through the years
should be enough for you to live a luxurious life.
Go away!
Big Brother, you...
Yan Zhi!
Come here, Yan Zhi.
Are you okay?
It's my fault.
What I've been through in prison for the past 70,000 years...
you can't even imagine it.
Since I just came out, my mood is all over the place.
I lost control.
I understand.
Yan Zhi, it's good that you understand.
Yan Zhi, I absolutely won't let Li Jing get away with this.
Big Brother!
All right. I won't say anything else you wouldn't want to hear.
Your Highnesses, I've made all the arrangements.
We can go to Chang Sea now.
Chang Sea?
That's right. My mother was from the mermaid clan of Chang Sea.
For now, it seems they are the only ones I can rely on.
- But Big Brother... - Yan Zhi.
I just want to find a safe place I can live.
You should know very well
that Li Jing and I hate each other because of our mothers' deaths.
He'll eventually find out that I've escaped.
At that time, he'll definitely send men to come kill me.
For now, it seems like only my mother's clan can protect me, right?
You and Second Brother are both equally important to me.
I really don't want to see you two fighting to the death.
Big Brother, do you understand?
I do. I understand.
Scarlet Flame Golden Lion!
Your Highness.
They've been my trusted confidants for years!
Why did you kill them?
Your Highness, our journey is top secret.
If any of them leaks news of our journey
maybe you wouldn't be killed
but His Highness and I would die and not be buried.
They all grew up with me.
They wouldn't betray me!
Yan Zhi, there are no trusted confidants in the world.
In the past, I was betrayed by so-called trusted confidants
and lost my position as Ghost Lord
and locked in prison for 70,000 years!
All right. I won't talk about this anymore.
Let's go.
Ye Hua, are we inside the Crystal Palace now?
That's right.
Why are you so calm?
How should I be?
Oh right, you're like an immortal.
You must have seen this place in a dream before.
Yes, I've seen it before.
- Uncle! - It must have been hard on you.
I'm sorry for always making you come here for Chang Sea affairs.
Uncle, you don't have to apologize.
The four seas are one clan.
Oh yeah, these are two of my friends.
I brought them into Chang Sea without asking for permission first.
I hope you'll forgive me.
It's okay. It's okay.
If they're your friends, then they're my honored guests.
Come on inside!
Su Su, I need to discuss some things with Die Feng.
If you're tired, you can just sleep here.
If you want to walk around, remember to bring the copper mirror.
Why do I have to bring the copper mirror?
I'm afraid you'll get lost.
Okay.
Princess, don't be sad.
This leaf fan is a treasure that Water King gave you.
It's covered in tears.
Aren't you ruining a precious item?
Besides, Water King only said
he would marry one princess to the Mermaid King.
It might not be you.
There's also First Princess.
First Princess is the most scheming.
I can't beat her.
She might even be talking to Father now about marrying me off.
The mermaid king looks very sinister.
If I really marry him...
Then why don't you listen to Water God and marry First Prince of West Sea?
But First Prince is sickly.
Then what about Second Prince?
Second Prince is pretty good.
He used to be Mo Yuan's senior disciple too. But...
Your Highness, you still want to marry into the Celestial Palace?
You've never even met that crown prince before.
How can you be so infatuated?
Crown Prince's reputation has spread far and wide.
In the four seas and eight realms
he's the only spiritual master of both Buddhism and Taoism.
He's also the last disciple of the Realm of Supreme Purity's Lord Yuan Shi.
Yes. I heard that when he was born
the 36 skies radiated golden rays in an instant.
The 72 rainbow birds of the Mount Junji of the Far East
soared into the sky and circled the Celestial Palace for 81 days.
I can already recite all this.
Who is there?
What? Was what you overhead that amusing?
What that princess said was really amusing.
Sit down. I'll tell you.
She doesn't want to marry Mermaid King.
So she thought she might as well marry Second Prince Die Feng.
But she can't bear to part with the celestial crown prince.
Don't you think it's amusing?
The problem is all three of them aren't interested in her.
Is that so?
When she was talking about the crown prince, she just went on and on.
Is the celestial crown prince that famous?
There's only one celestial crown prince in the world.
How could he not be famous?
That's true.
The Princess of Chang Sea is still a princess.
She's never even met him before, but she pines for him.
That means the celestial crown prince must be very charming.
What? Are you also interested in him?
Are you jealous?
No. It's just that when compared to the crown prince, I have nothing.
I'm making things hard for you.
I already told you that I don't mind.
Thank you for not minding.
This place is great.
It's too bad there's only the smell of seawater here.
There's no smell of flowers.
I really want to smell peach blossoms.
I know of a place.
There, peach blossoms bloom all year long.
Where is it?
Close your eyes. I'll take you there.
You can open your eyes now.
Is this a fantasy?
No.
Then where is this place?
Qing Qiu, Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods.
Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods?
There are ten miles of this?
That's right.
There was someone who spent a long time to plant these woods.
He didn't have much else to do anyway.
All day long, he just takes care of peach blossoms and ferments peach blossom wine.
What a life to live.
Are you envious?
Huh? What's there to be envious of?
We spend our days like this at Mount Junji.
Every day, there's not much to do.
We just go hunting, cook, and raise pets, right?
That's right. We don't have to be envious of others.
Are you friends with the person who works here?
We've met a couple of times.
Oh. Is he here?
It doesn't seem like it. I don't sense his magic breath.
But it's because he isn't here that I brought you here.
Is your relationship bad?
No. I admire him.
There are just reasons for why it'd be inconvenient to see him now.
Oh.
This peach blossom wine is really good.
It seems as if I've had it before.
I didn't expect you to have such good alcohol tolerance.
I didn't expect it either.
But Ye Hua, can we just take one of his pitchers of wine like this?
It's okay. I don't think I'll ever see him again in the future.
You won't come here to see your friends anymore?
I won't.
Then I won't be able to see this Ten Mile Peach Tree Woods anymore.
In the future, I'll plant one for you.
I want it to be ten miles too.
Your Highness must be in a good mood. You didn't come back the whole night.
He tends to indulge in pleasures and forget about everything else.
Judging from the way you carried her inside, I can tell she's a woman.
You're right.
Don't worry. I'm not someone who meddles in other's business.
I just want to remind Your Highness
that with a war at hand, it's better that you send her away soon
especially since she is a mortal.
I think so too.
For her safety, I'd rather not have others know about her existence.
To thank Your Highness for coming
to Chang Sea personally to alleviate our suffering
I will not breathe a word about this.
Thank you.
Back to the topic of the war between Chang Sea and the mermaid clan...
my uncle really doesn't want to start a war.
He doesn't want to have a complete fallout with the mermaid clan.
You've been here for thousands of years and know the situation here best.
Is there any way to make him make a decision quickly?
There is.
Your Highness, don't hesitate anymore.
Second Prince of West Sea doesn't have any concubines yet.
If you marry him, you'll be the princess consort.
And I also heard that
First Prince of West Sea has been ill for a long time.
In the future, the position of Water King of the West Sea
will be Second Prince Die Feng's.
Every day, he just wields weapons and fights with the mermaid clan.
Besides, I've known him for thousands of years
and he's never felt anything for me.
In just a few days, how could he...
Your Highness, look. I found a way to get First Princess's secret recipe.
I specially gathered the earliest morning dew to make this fine wine.
Take it and try it.
Your Highness, don't hesitate anymore.
If a woman puts her mind to it, anything is possible.
Your Highness, look. Speak of the devil. Second Prince is here.
Die Feng.
This is?
This is my friend.
Friend? Your friend should have a name.
Hua Ye.
What a nice name.
It's very similar to the Crown Prince of the Nine Heaven's name.
I guess people with such nice names must all be sage-like.
Father plans to make the wedding day the third of next month.
That soon?
It is soon
but I guess he's afraid some accident might happen again on the wedding day.
Accident?
I'm afraid that Qing Qiu's Bai Qian
is scared of her second fiance getting taken away.
So she's wants to marry into the family quickly.
What a pity.
My aunt is the most beautiful in all the realms.
What would she be scared of?
Besides, the patriarchs arranged this marriage.
She might not even look kindly upon her fiance.
Why would she be scared of him getting taken away?
Dijun, try this. This nut is really good.
Si Ming told me to treat you well.
Okay.
Little Princess, you've helped me.
I was going to lose this game.
But this is great.
Dijun.
What was Qing Qiu's response for making the third of next month the wedding day?
They haven't given a response yet.
First, Heavenly Lord made a proclamation
about Bai Qian's great service by sealing Qing Cang.
Then he seized the opportunity to have this wedding.
But now that we don't know where Bai Qian is
how am I supposed to answer them?
With Qian Qian missing, who cares about this wedding?
Why don't we just break off the engagement?
We can't break off the engagement.
You and I personally arranged this marriage back then.
If we can't hastily break off the engagement without a good reason
we'll definitely be criticized.
That's right. Fifth Sister's engagement with Second Prince was already broken.
If her engagement with Crown Prince is broken too
no one in all the realms would ever dare to propose marriage.
Even if they were interested, they'd be afraid of offending the Celestial Tribe.
Wouldn't that be worse for Fifth Sister?
But they want the wedding on the third of next month.
Where are we going to find a Bai Qian for the wedding?
Why don't we say this?
Now that everyone in the four seas knows that Bai Qian sealed Qing Cang
we can say that she was injured, and is recuperating.
We can use this to delay the wedding.
That's not a bad idea.
We could, but we can't just keep delaying the wedding.
When I first went through godly ascension, I also slept for a millennium.
As long as Bai Qian is still alive
no matter where she is, we will eventually find her.
Ye Hua, that princess has been following us
from the Crystal Palace to here.
Will she follow us to bed at night?
Now it's your turn to get jealous.
There are a lot of injured soldiers inside.
It wouldn't be good for a woman to enter.
Wait for me here.
Sir, is Hua Ye married?
From what I know, he has a wife at home.
What?
What kind of person is she?
She's a mortal.
Mortal?
Then if I marry him, he doesn't have to be a mortal anymore.
Marry him?
Yes. If I transfer some of my magic powers to him, he can become an immortal.
That wouldn't be impossible.
It's just that if I marry him
I'll have to be the legal wife, since I'm a princess.
He will have to divorce his mortal wife.
She has to be treated that way because she's a mortal?
No. Sir, please don't misunderstand.
I don't look down on mortals.
It's just that there are differences between mortals and immortals.
If he marries me, he has to become immortal.
If he becomes immortal, he can't be with his mortal wife.
It's because that's our rule.
Then we'll have to see if he wants to become immortal.
Why would a mortal not want to become an immortal?
