Auntie, are you really going to marry the Crown Prince?
I have to marry him sooner or later.
There's no harm in choosing earlier.
Surely not.
I'm just surprised by your fiery passion with Ye Hua.
You can marry whenever you want.
I wouldn't dare voice an opinion.
The marriage between Qing Qiu and the Celestial Tribe is very important.
We can't be the only willing party.
The wedding was brought up by Ye Hua's mother first
so I came home to discuss about it.
Consort Le Xu mentioned it?
- But... - Second Brother!
Look at you.
They are already engaged anyway.
It's just holding the wedding now.
Why do you have that many worries?
What about Mo Yuan?
Master?
Once a mentor, a father for life.
I do have to inform my mentor about it.
However, this marriage was decided by the Heavenly Lord and Father.
Master wouldn't object to it.
Moreover, he probably still doesn't know that I'm a girl.
Naive... You're too naive.
Do you think that High God Mo Yuan couldn't see through Zhe Yan's magic?
They are brothers!
I've always thought it was Mo Yuan you had on your mind.
Second Brother, you mustn't make such a joke.
My mentor saved me from my heavenly trial.
He also mentored and educated me.
He's as close to me as Father is.
Even if I had to sacrifice my life for Master one day
I wouldn't hesitate at all.
However, Ye Hua is the only man on my mind.
That is absolutely true.
All right.
Since you clearly know what it is you seek
I won't hold you back.
It's just that you've been engaged for a long time.
Why are you suddenly in a rush to get the wedding done?
It's because Ye Hua went to Yingzhou for me
and used up his cultivation to make the elixir.
He saved my mentor.
He doesn't have much cultivation left.
I'm worried that should he take the throne of Heavenly Lord
he might not be able to withstand
the karma of 81 sacred blazes and 9 holy lightning bolts.
What has his inheriting the throne got to do with your wedding?
Since the ancient times
both the Heavenly Lord and Empress have endured such fires of karma together.
If I could marry him soon
I could take on the fires of karma with him.
You're not his wife yet, and you're already so thoughtful of him?
Fifth Sister is from Qing Qiu.
She's so faithful. So faithful.
All right. I'll write a letter tomorrow.
I'll have it sent to Mother and Father.
Thank you, Second Brother. I'll get going.
Sure.
Where are you going?
This is your Qing Qiu Fox Den.
Riceball is still young.
Ye Hua is constantly busy with work.
I have to head back to look after him.
What about your second and fourth brothers?
You don't care about us?
Ignore him.
Get going.
Yes, Second Brother. I'll leave now.
Look at her. What a good step-mother she is.
It's a pity that there's a side consort
bestowed by the Heavenly Lord in Ye Hua's harem.
Fifth Sister and Ye Hua can't just be a loving couple with intruders.
By the way, I forgot about a matter.
What is it?
I'm about to marry into the Celestial Palace.
I took one of the thrones of the Five Far Lands
so it must be passed on to another.
I can't be a heavenly princess consort and a queen at the same time.
Although it seems correct in theory
our parents only had five children.
Five Far Lands of Qing Qiu, five rulers.
No one should take two thrones.
I mean...
Among the five of us only you have a daughter, Feng Jiu.
Why don't I... pass it on to her?
Me?
Good! Great idea.
However, Second Brother is the emperor of Qing Qiu's Five Far Lands.
If Feng Jiu takes your throne
isn't the seniority a bit messed up?
Head back first.
I'll discuss this matter with our parents and Bai Xuan first
before we make a decision.
All right, I'll get going now.
Auntie, why have you asked to talk to me?
Did your father hit you again?
He didn't beat me up that severely.
What exactly is it?
I don't really know the details.
It's just that Third Prince's girlfriend has asked me to pass on a message.
She asked that you visit her in the Nine Heavens.
Lady Cheng Yu?
Exactly.
Lady Cheng Yu always acts very cautiously.
If it weren't an important matter
she wouldn't have asked Auntie to approach me for her.
I don't know the details.
However, judging from her expression
it seems to be a serious matter.
I won't stay to chat.
I'm in a rush to head back for dinner with Riceball.
If you're going to sneak into the Nine Heavens
get Bai Zhen to help you.
Feng Jiu sees Auntie off.
You've been smiling all day.
Is there some joyous occasion?
Exactly.
There are actually two joyous occasions.
First, our little Feng Jiu is going to become the Queen of Qing Qiu.
Isn't Qian Qian the Queen of Qing Qiu?
That's the second joyous occasion.
My Fifth Sister is getting married.
She's really fallen in love this time.
She even approached Bai Yi to have him bring it up to our parents.
She's also set a date.
It's the second day of September.
Mo Yuan...
Aren't you going to say anything?
You're not surprised?
Even a man like my brother Bai Yi was shocked.
What is so surprising and shocking?
Indeed. Ye Hua's father is already making a list of betrothal gifts.
I also have much to prepare.
Su Jin.
Not only are you the side consort of Xiwu Palace
but also the only concubine in its harem.
You have to help with the preparations.
Assign the servants to start preparing for the wedding.
We haven't had such a grand joyous occasion for a long time.
Don't worry, Your Highness.
I'll surely do my best to make all the arrangements for Your Highness.
High God Bai Qian will marry into the palace glamorously.
I wonder when the wedding will be held?
We have yet to set a date.
The date isn't set?
Didn't Ye Hua sink Yingzhou of the Eastern Sea?
He slayed the four mythical beasts left behind by Heavenly Father.
He's now punished to withstand heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm.
The soonest he could return is two months.
We'll set the date when he returns.
I understand.
High God.
Is His Highness in there?
His Highness didn't know when High God would return
so he's instructed me to wait here for your return to take you to him.
He's made it so mysterious?
High God, this way, please.
High God, is there a problem?
I'm fine.
I've been to this lotus pond before.
Why is it so foggy here tonight?
His Highness has especially arranged it to be so.
High God, this way, please.
Greetings to Auntie!
Qian Qian, come here.
Come here.
Qian Qian.
These are all the deities of the Celestial Tribe.
Bai Qian greets everyone.
What a perfect match.
How lovely.
A match made in heaven.
What a beautiful couple!
You're the Crown Princess Consort of the Nine Heavens.
It should be done so.
Who knew that you could sometimes be so...
What?
So likable.
Just likable?
A-Li greets Father and Mother.
- Come here. - That's so adorable!
Why has Mother sneaked in here again?
I thought that I wouldn't be able to see you for some time.
I've gone to visit a few of your uncles in Qing Qiu.
I've asked them to make arrangements so that I can marry your father soon.
Really? That's wonderful!
Look!
He's such a good boy.
How lovely!
He's so adorable.
Ye Hua.
I visited my brothers back in Qing Qiu.
My second brother has already agreed to speak to my parents.
If it all goes well, we can get married on the second of September.
Qian Qian, I'm afraid that we won't be able to make it then.
Why?
I have to withstand a heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm.
Why would you have to do so for no reason?
It has to do with those four mythical beasts of Yingzhou.
Although I've rendered a great merit in destroying the divine fungal grass
it's a great sin to have killed those four beasts.
After all, they did possess half of Heavenly Father's powers.
There's still much to make up for it after rendering the merit.
I have to be punished.
Hence, the heavenly trial in the Mortal Realm.
It's actually because of those four mythical beasts?
I already didn't like them when they wounded my father.
It seems that they are really my nemesis in life.
How long will you be gone?
It's 60 years in the Mortal Realm until my mortal self dies.
That's just two months apart from you in the heavens.
Two months?
You'll head down into the Mortal Realm at the beginning of August
so if the trial takes two months
we'll postpone the wedding to October?
In October, there's the Indian Summer.
It's also a good date.
Although it's only two months for me
it will be a lifetime for you in the Mortal Realm.
Have you read the destiny that Star Lord wrote you?
He wouldn't write you a two-timing or three-timing relationship?
Star Lord won't get to write my story this time.
Heavenly Lord gave orders to leave my destiny blank.
Whatever relationships I might have are entirely up to me.
It's left blank?
It means that no one will know what you will experience?
Exactly.
I have a few reminders for you.
Do tell.
Even if you will forget your identity as the Crown Prince of the Nine Heavens
when you descend into the Mortal Realm
and that you still have a legal consort in Xiwu Palace to marry
you're not allowed to marry anyone else as a mortal.
I'm not worried about anything else.
I'm just concerned that you might get involved
with some women in the mortal realm.
You should know that I draw a clear line between love and hate.
I can't stand any betrayal.
If I really got involved in such a mortal relationship
what would you do?
Should that really happen
I'd snatch you back to Qing Qiu and lock you up in my Fox Den.
You would only look at me every day.
You'd have to look at me when you eat.
You'd have to look at me when you read.
You'd have to look at me when you draw.
If that is so, I'd rather that you snatch me away right now.
Then... it's a deal?
When you get back from your heavenly trial
come and look for me in Qing Qiu.
By then, we don't have to worry about those wedding rituals.
We'll just go with Qing Qiu's customs.
I'll lock you in my Fox Den.
Sure.
Qian Qian.
Let's go to bed?
You're going to the Heavenly Palace?
When we were in the Heavenly Palace
Lady Cheng Yu was very kind to me.
She suddenly had Auntie pass on a message to me urgently.
It must be a matter of great importance.
I can't just make up some excuse.
You have a point.
She has taken good care of you.
Now that she has asked to see you
you shouldn't make any excuses not to go.
However...
Your father has forbidden you to leave Qing Qiu.
But Fourth Uncle, you could.
Just take me along with you.
As long as I stay on you
I can get past the celestial shield that my father put up at the valley.
It's fine that I take you with me.
However, you have to understand that we can't keep this a secret.
If you escape, your father will surely go after you.
Give it some thought.
If you make such an effort to escape
you must have gone to the Celestial Palace.
By then, your father wouldn't even have to search for you.
He would go straight to Lord Dong Hua.
I'm not going to visit him this time.
Whatever. I'll act accordingly after my father finds out.
I have to get away first.
Fourth Uncle, please?
- Fourth Uncle... - All right!
Little lass.
I'll grant you your wish this time.
Thank you, Fourth Uncle.
Where are you going, Fourth Uncle?
You're not staying for lunch?
I'm thinking about visiting that Die Yong in the West Sea
to see how High God Mo Yuan's spirit is faring.
Qian Qian has been looking after her future husband
in the Celestial Palace these days.
How could she care about the West Sea?
I'll tell Little Princess not to make you lunch.
Feng Jiu is still asleep. Don't wake her up.
She hasn't been in a good mood lately.
Just let her sleep in.
Wake her up at lunchtime.
Sure.
Fourth Uncle is so thoughtful today.
Fourth Uncle, be gentle!
You threw me to the ground.
You're still yammering?
If you don't hurry up, your father will catch you.
I'll get going now.
Thank you, Fourth Uncle!
Since I've made an excuse to leave the den
it's troublesome to head back now.
That lass got me in this fix.
I don't even have a place to go for lunch.
Forget it.
I'd better go to Zhe Yan.
What brings both high gods over?
Your 17th junior has to look after the Crown Prince in the Celestial Palace.
She can't come here.
Zhen and I decided to take a look.
How has your brother been?
He was suddenly unwell last night.
It went on all night, so I thought that his situation might deteriorate.
However, he said that he felt energetic the next day.
It was as if his lingering illness was gone.
He even ate quite a lot.
Really?
Yes.
It seems that there will be some good news soon.
High God, you mean...
Your mentor will return very soon.
Is that right?
Forgive my manners.
It's all right.
Quickly. Take me to your brother.
After you.
It's indeed as I thought.
Your mentor's spirit isn't here anymore.
I think that he must have returned to his own body.
Then... What should I do?
Don't panic.
Hurry back to Kunlun Mountain now.
Gather up all the disciples.
Zhen and I will rush back to Qing Qiu's Yanhua Cave.
We'll check to see if your mentor Mo Yuan's spirit has really returned.
Yes, I'll head back to Kunlun Mountain right away.
He doesn't seem like the first disciple of Kunlun Mountain.
He's more like a reckless teen.
It's not just him.
Even I'm so thrilled that I don't know what to do next.
Quickly. Let's rush back to Qing Qiu now.
Go on.
I'll head down to the Mortal Realm after visiting the Heavenly Lord.
Why won't you let me see you off to the Mortal Realm?
It's just two months.
If the others learn that High God
Bai Qian of Qing Qiu went personally to see me off
aren't you worried about being teased?
The Celestial Tribe's regulations are so bothersome.
By the way, I have something for you.
Take this with you.
Soul jade?
Do you know why Li Jing handed this over to Mu Gu?
It's probably because I saved him and his sister in Yingzhou.
Since you saved them
it's fine for you to keep it.
Do you not find it strange that I accept it so quickly?
You're worried that Li Jing would use that as an excuse to meet me?
I'll get going now.
Go on.
- Second Senior! - Second Senior!
The bell is chiming again.
It's Master!
- It's Master! - Master has returned!
- Master has returned! - This is great!
Master has returned!
Master...
- Indeed... - We've been waiting for so long.
You're right.
That's Kunlun Mountain.
Lord Dong Hua, could you recognize this bell?
It is as Heavenly Lord thinks.
The bell is chiming in Kunlun Mountain.
Mo Yuan has returned.
Fifth Sister!
Your long-awaited wish can probably be fulfilled today.
Fourth Brother.
Have you also heard the bell chime?
It isn't just the bell.
Your fourth brother and I just rushed back from the West Sea.
Die Yong had a tough night yesterday
so I investigated with my soul-tracking magic.
I found out that Mo Yuan's spirit isn't residing in Die Yong's body anymore.
That's why I rushed back here to check on Yanhua Cave.
Mo Yuan has been asleep for so long.
He's finally picked a good day to wake up.
Master...
Master is going to wake up?
Crown Prince.
According to the regulations before I take you to the Mortal Realm
you'll have to drink the amnesia potion from the River of Oblivion.
Then... it's a deal?
You'll come to look for me in Qing Qiu when you return.
We won't abide by the wedding rituals.
We'll just go along with Qing Qiu's customs.
I'll lock you back in my Fox Den.
Qian Qian...
Await my return.
What are you doing?
I want to put on my male disguise.
After all, my mentor used to see me as Si Yin in the past.
He probably wouldn't recognize me.
With Mo Yuan's cultivation, he long knew that you're a girl.
He didn't expose your identity because of your parents.
Did you really think you fooled him for 20,000 years?
Fourth Brother said that to me as well.
But I still think that Master is used to seeing me as Si Yin.
Stop fooling yourself.
Go ahead.
Don't be scared. Go and take a look at your mentor.
It's been 70,000 years.
Between the Four Seas and the Six Realms
I've looked at the lakes of Qing Qiu 779 times.
70,000 years...
That is as long as half of my lifetime.
I've used half of my lifetime to do just one thing.
I've been waiting for Master to wake up.
From this day forth
you're the God of War Mo Yuan's 17th disciple.
Deity Si Yin.
Master, don't leave.
Master! I should be the one to take that heavenly trial!
Master!
Master!
Seventeenth.
Come and let me take a look at you.
Let's see if you've made any progress over all these years.
Master...
You're indeed my little Seventeenth.
Master...
You've finally returned.
Yes.
I have returned.
My little Seventeenth looks lovely in this form as well.
Master...
You haven't changed at all.
Is that so?
Mo Yuan.
After 70,000 years, you finally woke up.
70,000 years...
Yes.
It isn't that long, but it isn't short either.
Qian Qian has hidden out here in Qing Qiu for 70,000 years as well.
She safeguarded your body to await your return.
It's too damp and cold in here.
Let's leave this cave.
You must have had a hard time in the past 70,000 years?
My spirit was split into fragments
so it took me quite a lot of time to put them back together.
Mo Yuan...
You're finally awake.
Do you think the Bell of East Emperor could trap me without your spirit?
I just need a bit more time...
It won't take me too long.
We will soon meet again.
Master.
Zhe Yan.
During the past 70,000 years when I was asleep
did anyone who looked identical to me appear?
There is one such man.
Your little disciple even knows him quite well.
Little Seventeenth, you know him?
What is it?
Only when it comes to Mo Yuan would you show some fear.
Don't be shy. Tell him.
The man you just mentioned...
He's my fiance.
The Crown Prince of the Celestial Tribe.
Your fiance?
What is his name?
When was he born?
His name is Ye Hua.
He was born about 70,000 years ago
when I brought your body out of Kunlun Mountain.
Little Seventeenth.
My twin brother is snatched away by you just like that.
Why haven't I heard that you have a twin brother?
It's no wonder that you're surprised.
I only learned of it when Heavenly Father passed away.
A golden lotus?
Heavenly Father...
I have to tell you a story first.
That year, the Four Pillars of Heaven and Earth collapsed.
In order to hold up and repair those four pillars that supported the heavens
your mother nearly had a miscarriage.
When she went into labor
she was supposed to give birth to twin sons
but she only managed to keep the eldest alive.
The younger twin was lost.
You're that eldest twin.
I had a younger brother?
I felt guilty toward your brother.
So I used up half of all my powers to create a celestial fetus.
I turned that celestial fetus into a golden lotus.
Now that I'll soon go into the realm of nothingness
I'm entrusting your brother's celestial fetus to you.
You must nurse him in Kunlun Mountain's lotus pond.
Hopefully he shall one day be born into this world.
The both of you are bonded by blood.
That might give him a better chance of reviving him some day.
Keep him safe.
Mo Yuan.
This is... my only wish.
Yes.
When I sacrificed my spirit to the Bell of East Emperor
he was finally awakened.
I only know that after Heavenly Father passed away
you've dedicated yourself to looking after that lotus.
I've never once suspected where it came from.
It's no wonder.
That golden lotus withered when your soul and spirit vanished.
Soon afterwards, Consort Le Xu gave birth to Crown Prince Ye Hua.
No wonder when that lad was born
72 rainbow birds flew around the pillar for 81 days
and the misty clouds in the twilight appeared for three years.
He's actually High God Mo Yuan's twin brother.
Indeed.
Only the twin brother of Mo Yuan and the son of Heavenly Father
could be blessed with such a celebratory sight.
The records in the Nine Heavens stated clearly that
Heavenly Father only had one son High God Mo Yuan.
It seems that these historical records are not to be trusted.
Instead of reading those records, I might as well read Star Lord's stories.
Everyone said that Ye Hua resembles Master.
I almost mistook him for Master as well when I first met him.
Yet no one could have known they were related in such a way.
Seventeenth.
I'd like to meet my twin brother.
How is he doing?
Master.
You just woke up.
You'll still need to meditate for some time
to be restored to your original state.
Ye Hua is now in the Mortal Realm.
I can't locate him either.
Why don't we wait till you're well recuperated
and I'll bring him here to you?
That's good.
I'll meditate in Kunlun Mountain to await his return.
Are all your seniors doing well?
70,000 years ago after you passed away
your disciples searched for us for several thousand years.
Then their families came and took them home one by one.
They went to fulfill their dutiful roles.
Kunlun Mountain is no longer what it used to be.
Moreover...
I don't wish Master to see what Kunlun Mountain has become now.
It doesn't matter.
We'll set out toward Kunlun Mountain now.
Yes, Master.
What did you say?
Lord Dong Hua will meet his destined calamity?
Feng Jiu, look on the bright side.
Irregardless of their capability or ranks, all deities in the heavens
will have to meet their destined calamity.
All have to enter the realm of nothingness.
Look at how long Lord Dong Hua has already been around.
It's time...
It's time that he meets his destined calamity.
I don't believe it...
I don't believe it.
I'm going to ask him.
Lord Dong Hua!
Lord Dong Hua!
Lord Dong Hua!
Where are you, Lord Dong Hua?
Lord Dong Hua!
Lord Dong Hua...
Why are you crying?
If Your Lordship lives, Feng Jiu lives.
If you die, I'd never survive alone.
Feng Jiu.
Don't behave so.
I won't obey you.
Qing Qiu's princess comes up to the Nine Heavens
and hugs me for no reason. Aren't you embarrassed?
We have been married for years in the Mortal Realm. Why would I mind?
That was to overcome the calamity.
How can you regard that with another?
Are you still brooding over what happened between me and Yuan Zhen?
Star Lord made me do that.
I never had an affair with Yuan Zhen.
I know.
Anyway, I won't leave you before you meet your destined calamity.
Who told you that I'll meet my destined calamity?
Are you not?
