Move it!
We've waited and waited, but she hasn't come back.
Fine, let her have it her way.
All right, you bums! We're heading home!
Back to Luna!
All I could do was stand there and stare.
At the now masterless number 30, Champs Elysees.
At the city blocks that had crumbled away like sandcastles built on the beach.
At the silent blue sky that spread out above me.
That's right. The summer storm had come and gone.
Along with the end of our summer.
Final Act: At the Shore
Five Years Later
Well, well, if it isn't the good Chief Secretary.
So, the Assistant Editor-in-Chief came in person, huh?
What a hard worker you are!
I was just worried about whether or not you're carrying out your duties properly.
So, how's the peace treaty coming along?
Treaty Nearing Finalization At Long Last.
Something along those lines.
Thanks to this treaty, the restoration of diplomatic relations between our Kingdom...
So, this marathon of a war is finally gonna end, huh?
Civilian interaction will become commonplace,
We'll see the birth of a nation that's prosperous in the truest sense of the word.
Not a nation where only a select few prosper.
You know?
There's no telling when the times will change.
Even so, I want to believe in them.
I want to believe in the people who chose THIS solution at THIS time.
And that includes you.
Me, I just go with the flow with those times.
Well, let's leave the question of the truth of that statement for another time, okay?
Today's the day of our long-awaited reunion with those dear old friends of ours.
What's up?
Oh, damn!
Don't tell me you forgot to make reservations!
Sorry! Tell my secretary that I'll be late for the afternoon Cabinet meeting!
And tell her you're out making a reservation so important that you can't trust her to do it?
See you tonight at the Nouveau Casino! We'll start off with a toast!
Too bad, I came all the way down here to show him this article...
Claire-Marie Eugenie's Triumphant Return to Paris!
Max!
I'm home.
Julie! Julie!
Spare me the uncle bit, okay?
Big brother! Thank goodness you're okay!
Did you behave yourselves and do what Emmanuel told you to do?
Of course we did!
You bet!
That's good. I have presents waiting for children who behaved themselves!
Yay!
That's our Uncle Max!
All right!
Big brother...
Maximilien!
Dear?
I'm home.
Valentine!
Maximilien!
I've returned, sir.
The peace that you dreamed of for so long between Earth and the Empire...
For that reason, I resigned from the military as of today.
The flow of goods traveling between Earth and the Empire will grow and grow.
So I intend to buy back my father's ship, the Pharaon,
Maximilien...
Hey! Maximilien!
Valentine!
If we don't get moving soon, we'll be late for the party!
You have an eye for quality, sir!
That's an import item. All the way from Earth.
It's a brand that's famous in Paris.
Would it look good on black hair?
These models from Earth certainly are pretty, aren't they?
Ah, here we are!
I'd say that it goes perfectly with black hair, wouldn't you?
Peppo!
Forget it. I'll pass.
Wha...? But sir!
Forget it!
Forget it, forget it!
Trinkets like that aren't good enough for our Princess!
It will be a whole new you...
Thank you, Ali.
Would you care to join me, Bertuccio?
No, ma'am. I'm on guard duty.
I would like to show you something.
What's this?
It says that Monsieur Albert will be arriving here on the day of the coronation ceremony.
And that he will do so as a secretarial aide to Earth's ambassador.
Bertuccio, what would you call this, if not fate?
Our old master must have guided him here.
So that you would be able to fulfill your duties to the best of your ability, Princess.
Yes...
Yes!
I also wish to keep Janina safe, so that this peace endures for years to come.
That desire will never change.
And we will be there with you.
Thank you, Bertuccio.
Air France flight 1027 from Galileo to Paris Spaceport...
Our estimated arrival time in Paris will be slightly behind schedule,
A search is underway for the two ringleaders, Benedetto and Gaspard Caderousse,
In Paris, it's 2 o'clock, huh?
Right this way, please.
Are you done paying your respects, then?
Yes.
Time certainly flies, doesn't it?
How many times will I have heard you play now? Five?
By the way, did you manage to meet your friend this year? Your... young gentleman?
Well, then, take your time.
Thank you, Father. I appreciate it.
Hi there, Franz.
I just got back.
As I said when we spoke over the phone, I simply wasn't able to find a buyer.
As such, we will be taking the house to pay for the five years of accumulated back taxes.
Um...The state hereby assumes all legal rights to this land and all structures thereupon,
You're sure that's all right with you?
Yes, sir. I have no objections.
In that case, please sign this form.
Um... Would it be all right if I went into the mansion one last time?
Of course. Feel free to go in while you're here.
If you don't mind...
Franz...
I've been frantic these past five years.
I read books like crazy, always hunched over my desk.
And before I knew it, I'd turned 20.
I was... I was simply frantic.
I told myself that I had to live.
That I had to live in your place, in Father's place, and in the Count's place.
Franz, I was terrified.
Of being trapped by the past.
That I might become obsessed with the past and end up hating someone.
I'm sorry, Franz...
I'm sorry it's been so long. I'm sorry I haven't come back for so long.
Mademoiselle Mercedes Herrera.
It has been a long time. How are you?
The ship has finally begun her return voyage to Earth.
Unfortunately, the Captain has fallen ill.
I don't think that it is anything serious, but it looks as if our return will be delayed.
To be honest, I wish I could come home right now and hold you in my arms.
That day we set sail,
A day doesn't go by when I don't think back on that warm light, the light of my loved ones.
Guided by that light, I never lose my way or stray from my path.
That light that is shining so brightly in our future is happiness.
So please wait for me and don't worry.
Bide your time, and hold out hope.
To my beloved Mercedes.
With all my heart, your Edmond Dantes.
You've been here all this time... Since long before I was born, haven't you?
I'll never forget the time I spent with you.
Or the time I spent with my father.
Or the time I spent with the Count.
I swear this to you.
No matter where my life takes me, I'll never forget that summer.
Never.
