Ladies and gentlemen, good evening.
The youth, who had been ravaged by poison, was restored to life through my friend's efforts.
However, my friend said something to me.
I will not let his soul be lost yet.
Not until the day that he himself snuffs out that light.
Act 10: The Letter From Edmond
Monsieur Albert.
Have you managed to get any sleep?
If there is one thing I have confidence in, it's my stamina.
Well, you look like hell to me.
It looks like all the maids have been laid off.
Yes, I heard.
I can't leave her alone in this house.
Besides, Franz told me something.
Marriage isn't necessarily the only way to make the person you love happy.
And so, I've been mulling it over as best I can.
What is the one thing that she needs most of all right now?
Maximilien...
She may be asleep now, but I think that Mademoiselle Valentine...
So I at least want to be by her side when she wakes up.
Which is why I made up my mind today.
I'm going to take her to my family home in Marseilles to recuperate.
I don't want her to have to endure any more suffering.
I had a feeling that you would be here.
Your Honor, I came here today to discuss...
Mark my words, boy.
I dare you to try to take my daughter so much as one foot out of this house.
The instant you do, I'll have you arrested as a kidnapper.
That is no threat.
But the things that are happening in this house are...
Are none of your business!
Get out! You too, Albert.
Begging your pardon, sir, but someone is trying to kill your family!
I myself was almost...
By someone, you say?
If there is anyone close to hand who could be described as suspicious,
Are we clear?! From now on, this is strictly a family matter!
I strictly forbid you from interfering!
The following is a report regarding my investigation on the Count of Monte Cristo.
In the course of visiting the various locations indicated by Your Honor,
He has visited this area several times during the past three months.
The priest seems to be gathering information on an old man who died penniless here.
The old man's name was Louis Dantes.
In order to ascertain the priest's objectives,
The old man's name was Louis Dantes.
Dantes...
Dantes?!
Papa, my school play is today. You're coming, aren't you?
Didn't your mother tell you? I'm sorry, but some urgent business has come up.
But you promised! You said that you would come this time, no matter what!
Papa's work keeps him very busy, Edouard.
I don't care about that! You're a liar, Papa!
Get him out of here. It's your job as his mother to explain these things to him!
But Edouard has been so excited about today.
I don't care how excited he was! Stop bothering me!
Tell my teacher that the yellow dwarf isn't gonna be in the play!
Monsieur.
What?
You're still here? Hurry up and get your bags packed.
An invitation... An invitation to a funeral just arrived.
What's the meaning of this?
It's all well and good that I've inherited vast land holdings,
The first thing is to learn the law inside and out.
That goes doubly so when you've come into possession of a huge inheritance.
If we don't keep estate taxes and whatnot under control, it can become a big problem.
Oh, I had no idea.
Truth be told, I'm looking for a partner who will be able to effectively manage my assets.
Oh, a partner, you say?
Mademoiselle Eugenie, would it be all right if I paid you a visit in your room after I'm done?
I'm sorry, I'm in the middle of my piano lessons.
Oh, for Heaven's sake... Please forgive her lack of charm.
Not at all.
This is just between you and me,
Is something the matter?
N-No, it's nothing.
I have a letter here for the General.
Oh. Thanks.
Edmond Dantes?
Yes?
I'm sorry, are you working?
No, that's all right. I was just finishing up.
There's something that I want to talk to you about.
There is, eh? Have a seat.
Now that the election is drawing near, there are a lot of matters that have to be taken care of.
I can imagine. Oh, this was addressed to you.
A funeral invitation?
The thing is, I just got back from Villefort Manor.
I'd like to get Valentine away from that place.
I was wondering if there was anything that you could do to persuade her father.
She's in great danger every minute she stays there.
If the request came from you, Monsieur Villefort might listen to...
Why do you feel the need to poke your nose into another family's affairs?
What do you mean, why? My friend is...
Neither you nor your friend have any right to throw someone else's house into turmoil!
How can you say that?! You have no idea what's going on!
If we don't do something, she'll...
My answer is no! Don't get involved any further!
What are you so angry about?!
My friend is in trouble, and you're telling me to just abandon her?!
Forget it. It was stupid of me to even ask.
What's the matter? You look upset.
I got into a shouting match with Father, that's all.
I see.
Mother, do you know someone named Edmond Dantes?
Edmond Dantes?
Yeah. That was the name of the sender on a letter that came for Father today.
The instant Father saw that name, he started acting strangely for some reason.
What's the matter?
It's nothing. I haven't been sleeping well lately, that's all.
With the election race almost here, I bet you're tired, too.
Yes, that might be it.
You should take it easy.
Who is he? Who's this Edmond Dantes person?
That man is long since dead...
What could be worth coming all the way out here for?
Well, damn!
So, you were sent one of these, too.
Who's behind this?
I don't know.
It's just a stupid prank. Let's get out of here.
But they knew us.
Someone knows about the connection between the three of us.
Well, well, the gang's all here...
Who the hell are you?
You're...
I'm your old friend Caderousse.
Now that you've made it big, have you forgotten about me...
I see you're all big, powerful men now, not at all like you were in the old days!
You're the one who's behind this, Caderousse? What kind of stupid stunt is this?!
I-I have one of these invitations, too...
Who could it be?
Someone else knows about us?
What's going on here?
You're asking me who else knows besides the four of us here?
Only this man.
Edmond Dantes?
But he was sent to the Chateau d'lf and...
Yes, I thought he died there.
The dead man has come back to us!
Edmond would never forget what we did to him.
He would never forget what we did, not in a million years.
Whose body is in here, then?
Who is in this coffin?!
Open it.
No way! I don't wanna!
Quit your whimpering and open the thing!
Don't make me!
Go on!
Hurry up and do it!
Boville!
Hurry, this way!
Is it really okay for us to be doing this?
There's no other way!
Mama, did you hear something upstairs just now?
I'm not sure. Maybe your grandfather fell out of his wheelchair again.
And with Valentine asleep, there's no one to help him up, is there?
On the other hand, it might turn out to be a good rehabilitation exercise for him.
Watch what you're doing!
Sorry about that.
Noirtier...
I will keep Mademoiselle Valentine safe.
Is it me, or is he saying that he wants us to go that way?
What's this mean?
I don't believe it! Was it really her?!
You sure were gone a long time. Where have you been?
That's none of your business.
Oh, my! I'm so offended!
Gosh, and here I was gonna give you some great news...
Tell me what?
Maximilien finally decided to put his plan into action.
The scene of the crime, Villefort Manor. Accomplices, two. Franz and Renaud.
They came here to get you, but you weren't around.
What's the matter?
Commander! Commander! This is Edouard!
Three criminals spotted!
Good work! Apprehend them immediately!
And just what do you think you're doing with my daughter?
What are you doing in here, my son?
Nothing, l...
You seem to be doing a lot of research regarding me.
What is it that you hope to uncover?
Something about me? Or about the Count of Monte Cristo?
Allow me to tell you about both of them.
It will be...
Monsieur.
Monsieur!
What is it?
There seems to be some sort of commotion in front of the manor.
What?
Those kids!
Summon my men at once!
The lovers depart, and new misgivings arrive.
Unexpected news leaves me at a loss.
Act 11: An Engagement Broken
Bide your time, and hold out hope!
