I was reunited with the young man at my friend's residence.
His soul, which does not know what it means to love another,
He asked, Do you love your fiancee?
My life is a hollow, fragile thing.
I think we should give some more thought to my marriage to Eugenie.
What brought this on?
I'm just not sure if I really love her or not.
Pull!
That's what's been bothering you?
First you go through the motions. Then the emotions will follow.
Pull!
Monsieur Albert, a messenger from the Count of Monte Cristo said to deliver this to you.
From the Count?
Invitations to the opera...
As luck would have it, I managed to secure an open box at the opera house.
If you like, would you care to join me this evening?
By all means, please bring your fiancee.
I can't imagine how there could be any open boxes at the opera house...
You're right.
I'm sorry, but could you deliver this to Eugenie?
Albert, you're going to deliver it.
Father?
Considerate little touches like this will win her over little by little.
Pull!
Act 6: Her Melancholy, My Melancholy
Don't wake her this morning.
Is Monsieur Debray here?
Here comes Mademoiselle!
Good morning, Mademoiselle.
Good morning. Is Mother still sleeping?
Yes, Mademoiselle, it looks that way.
Good morning, Eugenie. You're as lovely as ever.
Good morning.
You spent the night, I see.
Father, your soup is getting cold.
Yes, of course...
Good morning, Baron.
Hello. I trust you slept well last night?
Yes, sir. Thank you for your hospitality.
By the way, about Olympus Trading...
I'm sure of it.
That's a valuable piece of information... Thank you!
I give appropriate compensation to those who give me information before anyone else.
If you're not in a hurry, would you care to join us for breakfast?
Thank you for the invitation.
I was on my way to give Eugenie her ticket.
I am on my way to visit Baron Danglars to see to some business negotiations.
What a lucky coincidence! Please, allow me to introduce you to them!
This is indeed an unexpected stroke of good luck.
There are many things at their estate that you will find interesting.
That reminds me, if you have time, you should ask them to show you the stables.
Madame Danglars has a horse named Eclipse that is the finest in all of Paris.
This way, Messieurs. If you will wait in the parlor for a moment...
Albert!
Lucien! What brings you here so early in the morning?
Oh, I had my hands full with this and that.
Eugenie! Good morning!
A man has to play his cards right.
Right?
Count! Do me the honor of allowing me to invite you to my home next time.
Of course. Gladly.
That reminds me, I'll stop by your room later!
Michelle, Olympus Trading has started to fall.
We'll pretend to prop it up, and then make it fall even farther!
Further buying is inadvisable. It is below the insolvency line.
I don't care. Wait until it hits bottom, and then buy them out.
Understood.
A few hundred investors are gonna hang themselves over this.
Monsieur, the Count of Monte Cristo is waiting in the parlor.
He is, eh?
Michelle, have the credit assessment results...
Out of three investigatory agencies, two rate him as AA+,
His peerage title is valid, as well.
I bet. He probably paid a lot of money for it.
I'm terribly sorry to keep you waiting.
Oh, you're here, too, Albert?
Good morning, Baron. This is the Count of Monte Cristo.
I had hoped to put in a good word for him.
His Excellency mentioned that he doesn't have a bank,
That was most considerate of you.
I'm always glad to meet fine new customers.
Allow me to introduce Baron Danglars, the most powerful banker in Paris right now.
It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
Look, you missed a spot over here, too!
You need to be more careful with Eclipse's grooming.
Yes, Madame.
And never give him anything but the feed I've specified.
Yes, Madame.
I've received a letter of introduction and contract papers...
To tell you the truth, I'm amazed that they would act as guarantor for an individual.
They are the largest banking firm in Eastern Space.
Indeed they are. However, there is one item in this contract that concerns me.
That concerns you?
According to this, no upper limit has been set to your line of credit.
In short, it could be interpreted that my bank...
And does that present a problem?
This is a bit of an awkward situation.
You say it as if it were nothing, but such lopsided deals don't exist in this world.
Be that as it may, the firm of Thomson French have judged that in my case, they do.
Surely you don't doubt the validity of this contract?
Not at all, its authenticity has already been verified. This contract is genuine.
Oh, I see. In which case, you are saying...
I got tickets to tonight's opera from the Count.
About that Count of Monte Cristo fellow...
Apparently, he managed to secure a box at the opera house.
He's quite a skilled player.
So it would seem.
Why don't we go pay our respects during intermission tonight?
One, two, three...
Five?
F-Five hundred million?!
I had planned to open an account today and deposit these.
My intent was to let the interest from the deposit accrue in the account.
But I see that you are not interested.
N-Not at all...
You leave me no choice, then. I shall try another bank.
Please! W-Wait!
Wait...
Lucien sure is a go-getter, coming over to talk business with your father so early in the day.
You really are a child, aren't you?
I can't believe you actually admire a guy like him.
A guy like him? He's our friend!
I've never thought of him as a friend.
We've been together since we were kids!
That friend of ours is sleeping with my mother.
We are agreed, then. I will deposit these in your account right away.
I shall send over a servant later to pick up my first loan.
Very well.
Incidentally, it has recently come to my attention...
Oh, you have an interest in horses, Count?
English thoroughbreds in particular.
The thought had occurred to me to purchase it from you.
Name your price.
Surely you joke!
That horse belongs to my wife. I have no intention of selling it.
For the right price, everything is for sale.
I should think that you would know that better than anyone, Baron.
This is terrible! Monsieur Danglars has sold Madame's horse!
He sold Eclipse?
Yes, Mademoiselle! Just now!
They're going to fight again...
Monsieur Danglars said that he was offered a huge sum. He seemed very excited.
It was the Count...
What is it? You're interrupting us.
I'm terribly sorry, Count. This is my wife.
This is the Count of Monte Cristo.
Where is my horse! Where is my Eclipse?!
I was going to discuss this with you later.
Count, if you would kindly excuse us for a moment.
You sold Eclipse?!
Keep your voice down! Look, don't let this shock you...
That horse was worth 5.8 million Francs, and the Count bought him for 20 million!
Eclipse was my horse!
Look, that horse was worth...
This isn't about the money!
I promised Madame Villefort that she could use him tomorrow!
You have lots of other horses!
I refuse to use any horse but Eclipse!
Get in there and cancel the deal this instant!
What's this nonsense?
You had no right to sell my horse!
My good Baroness, if I have upset a beautiful lady such as yourself, I must apologize.
I had thought that if I offered 60 million, you would find the amount satisfactory.
But we each have things that are so precious to us that a price cannot be put upon them.
Please pardon my ineptitude at failing to take that into consideration.
Oh, my... That's quite all right.
But just a moment... Did I hear you say 60 million just now?
Indeed, Madame. I offered to pay 60 million in gold.
Oh, I see. Please pardon my silly question.
In that case, I will take my leave now.
I shall respect Madame's wishes and do my utmost to remedy the situation.
Count...
Monsieur, were you planning to pocket a percentage of the profits, even from me?!
You've got it all wrong!
You and your filthy lies!
Come to my room later!
Come on, Albert, let's go somewhere.
Shouldn't we do something?
They're always like this.
Go faster.
I can't go any faster.
They're the worst...
The worst family, and the worst father...
You mean the world to the Baron.
You don't know him at all, do you?
If the price was right, he'd sell me off without giving it a second thought.
As long as we stay here, we'll never be able to get out from under our parents' thumbs.
I want to live more freely.
I love the piano. I want to play all over the world.
Eugenie...
I want to live somewhere far away. Somewhere that my parents can't reach me.
Then let's go.
You and me. Let's leave home.
Idiot.
Why am I an idiot?
Let's go back. I have to get fitted for my dress tonight.
I thought you wanted to leave here! Hey!
Hey, where's Valentine?
What about you? I thought you were coming with Eugenie.
It's true! He even comes to me in my dreams!
Do you want to know what he said to me?
What did he say?
Good evening!
Good evening.
I was given an invitation, too, but I feel a bit out of place.
Not at all. It looks wonderful on you.
Um... It's a loaner.
But I thought that the Prince's booth had been sealed up ever since that incident.
It's been 20 years since that horrible accident, hasn't it?
I heard that someone has put it on permanent reserve.
It's unnerving, isn't it? It's as if the late Prince has returned.
Come now, let's stop talking about such frightful things.
What a handsome gentleman...
Who is the young lady next to him?
I don't know, but she's so lovely, isn't she?
Albert, who is your friend?
Madame!
What?! Don't make such a racket...
Your horse, Madame! Eclipse has returned!
What did you say?!
A new set of box seats was unveiled today.
It must be Monte Cristo.
Where are his seats?
That's... That's the late Prince's box!
What's the meaning of this?!
I haven't been informed of any of the details, Monsieur.
How can this be?!
I can't believe it!
His Excellency the Count of Monte Cristo ordered me to give this to Madame...
Oh, I don't know what to say! What a wonderful gift!
Deposit of 4.5 trillion dollars from Vanderbilt Far East of Cygnus Alpha.
Deposit of 328 trillion pesos from the Space Canal Corporation in the Union of Northern Sanctuaries.
Deposit of 14.2 billion pounds...
Deposit after deposit of foreign currency...
Who the hell is that man?
Where is he making all this money?
Oh, the Count of Monte Cristo! What a magnificent man he is!
What a magnificent man!
Michelle, that man is hiding something.
I detect no suspicious activity.
Leave no stone unturned. Run thorough checks on everyone he does business with.
Understood.
That's the man...
That's the man who...
Hoping to help a friend with the feelings that he secretly harbors,
But what I witness there is...
Act 7: The Secret Flower Garden
Bide your time, and hold out hope!
