Ladies and gentlemen, good evening.
The girl sleeping in the house of the poisoner...
However, the next misfortune then silently creeps up and suddenly appears before us.
Indeed, just like that single letter that was delivered to an innocent soul.
Act 12: Encore
Excuse me?
Father, what did you say just now?
Your engagement to Albert... I've called it off.
All right?
What's the meaning of this? What brought this on?
I've been hearing some unsavory rumors about the Morcerf family.
But that doesn't mean you have to... I can't believe this!
I don't understand you.
As I recall, you were never very enthusiastic over the engagement from the very beginning.
You don't understand anything, do you, Father?
Don't treat my life like it was one of your stocks or bonds!
Here's a quick lesson for you.
There are only two kinds of people in this world, winners and losers.
Eugenie, I'm only thinking of what's best for you.
Liar. You're thinking of what's best for you!
Damn it, Mondego, you really blew it.
Sorry, but I plan to make it through this in one piece.
I must say, it's hard to believe you're the Mondego I used to know.
You've done well for yourself.
How do you know about that?
A certain gentleman filled me in.
Who?! Who was it?!
Oh, I can't tell you that... But that's not important.
How much do you want?
Gimme everything you've got!
If you wanna keep me from talking, stuff my mouth with gold!
It's an honor to see you again, Mademoiselle.
Marquis Cavalcanti? Do you have some business here?
Yes, I have a meeting with your father.
More financial dealings?
I was hoping that I might be of some assistance to you.
I want to take everything that causes you sorrow and make them go away.
There's no reason for you to do that for me.
Does a man need a reason to be in love?
No! Let go of me!
I'll scream!
You're acquainted with the Count of Monte Cristo, I take it?
The gossip dealing with the Morcerf family was apparently leaked by him.
What are you talking about?
I must say, though, I find it unlikely that the Count's information would be incorrect.
Why are you telling me this?
The thought of seeing sadness on the face of the woman I love is unbearable.
Cut it out. There's no reason for you to be in love with me.
Why would the Count of Monte Cristo do such a thing?
I wonder what she thinks about the engagement being called off?
Why don't you just ask the girl?
No, this problem might be bigger than just the two of us.
Albert...
You're serious about her, aren't you?
I guess it's true that you don't realize how important something is until you lose it.
Goodness, this is amazing...
This is your daughter's big night, after all. Money is no object.
My daughter is a lucky girl.
She never would have been able to sell out the opera house on her own merits.
This wouldn't have happened without your gracious support.
So, are you willing to go along with this? Breaking it off with Albert?
You can hardly call it breaking it off. Nothing had even started.
Maybe, but you were engaged.
This is something that both our families decided.
Why do you seem so hurt, then?
Who is he? Who's this Count of Monte Cristo person?
Did the Count have something to do with this?
He's manipulating things behind the scenes.
It sounds like he was the source of all those bad rumors...
Bad rumors?
Personally, I don't care about all that political gossip,
I really miss the old days, you know?
The three of us would run around the meadow, not even noticing when the sun went down.
When did it start?
When did we start being so awkward around each other,
When you were on your trip to Luna, what happened to you?
You two haven't been the same since that trip.
You're right, we haven't.
What does Albert think about all this?
I haven't heard from him.
Has he said anything to you?
You two are best friends, right?
Best friends, huh?
Franz, is something wrong?
I'm sorry. I don't really understand him these days, either.
Did something happen between you and Albert?
We got into a fight.
Albert shouldn't associate with the Count anymore...
Thanks for lending an ear.
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful. Still...
What?
I'm relieved.
Well, whatever you might say about it, it looks like you really do care about Albert.
Oh, geez... Is it that obvious?
No one can hide it when they're pining away for someone.
Maybe the reason your piano performance that night at Auteuil was so great...
No way...
The feelings you have for someone manifest themselves in your art.
Isn't that right?
Yeah, he wouldn't be here...
After all, we're still fighting...
Yeah, he wouldn't be here...
What's keeping her? Isn't Eugenie ready yet?!
She is still getting ready.
Are you sure you're feeling well, Mademoiselle?
I'm fine. This is the opera house performance that I've always dreamed of.
It's the strangest thing.
Unlike the way it is outside the city walls,
What is it?
Albert, you should always listen to your feelings.
You can't lie to yourself about how you really feel.
Have you always been true to yourself, Mother?
This is Paris.
Perhaps it truly is a paradise where you can find...
But if you lose your courage, you'll simply be swept along on the currents.
You're not going to show up, Albert?
Are you looking for someone?
Lucien!
Oh, I get it. Mother invited you, didn't she?
Thanks to her kind influence.
I'm dedicating my performance tonight to lovers.
I hope you two enjoy it.
No. For tonight, you should play for yourself and for the person that you love.
Pianists are allowed to do that.
That's easy for you to say...
I suppose it is.
Albert, my boy, I'm sorry, but the hall is already filled with invited guests.
I have an invitation. Eugenie gave it to me.
The past is the past. Let's pretend it never happened.
I was invited by Eugenie! You have no right to turn me away!
Did you get that hot temper of yours from your father?
This has nothing to do with my father! I'm my own man!
You're going to let me pass!
And just what are you going to do about it?
You have no power. You have no money.
You're nothing but a spoiled brat!
Shut up!
Maybe so, but I still... Damn it! Let me go!
What's this commotion? This is supposed to be an auspicious occasion.
Oh, you were invited, too?
Yes, by Madame.
My wife seems to be feeling a little out of sorts. Would you mind keeping her company for me?
I'm sorry, but I'm not in the mood today. Excuse me.
Cut it out, Lucien!
Use your head, then! You'll never get in through the front door.
Crap...
I don't owe you any favors or anything,
Are you really sleeping with Eugenie's mother?
It's all part of my job.
You'll never understand your whole life, and you don't have any need to.
Anyway, be there for her and listen to her performance.
You love Eugenie, don't you?
Let's go.
Albert? Is that you?
You're a little late, don't you think?!
I was right here the whole time. I had a little trouble getting in.
You don't mean my father, do you?
It's all right, I heard you play just fine.
It was really great.
You were radiant out there. My heart was pounding!
Idiot. If I'd known you were here, I would've been able to play even better.
I would've been playing for you.
Eugenie...
I'm sorry. I know I'm not your fiancee anymore.
That doesn't matter. I don't care.
Oh! Here.
What?
You like these, don't you?
Well, sure, but you're supposed to bring a bouquet of flowers.
Oh, right. I guess flowers would've been better...
You're such a fool. You haven't changed one bit since we were kids.
Out in the meadow, I wanted you to pick flowers for me,
They were delicious, though.
Mademoiselle Eugenie!
It won't do to keep your audience waiting.
You!
Wait, Albert!
Listen to one more song. I'll be playing it just for you.
It looks like you've been shut out.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
Ladies and gentlemen! Let's have a warm round of applause for Mademoiselle Eugenie!
What do you think you're doing?! This is my performance!
Yes, one that I arranged.
That jerk!
You don't know when to quit!
My daughter has set out on the road to a bright future! Don't ruin it for her!
You don't have any right to be here!
All the seats for tonight's performance were bought out by Marquis Cavalcanti!
You've lost, so go away!
Count...
Why, whatever is the matter?
You're not looking well at all.
Count!
Albert?
I'm... so frustrated...
At how weak and pathetic I am...
Count of Monte Cristo!
You are under suspicion of criminal activity.
I will have to ask you to come with me to the station as the prime suspect...
Monsieur Villefort...
Villefort's investigation is relentless.
Why?
When I go to visit the Count, I sit and speak with Haidee for the first time.
Act 13: Haidee
Bide your time, and hold out hope!
