Ladies and gentlemen, good evening.
Even when wounded and made to suffer, he is reborn and gets right back up.
Youth, what a formidable thing it is!
However, our resolve to have our vengeance will shatter even that.
Our grip on the reins will never loosen, no matter what.
Act 20: Farewell, Eugenie
Monsieur. This arrived from Baron Danglars.
I don't believe it!
What's up?
This says that the signing ceremony for Eugenie's wedding will be held tomorrow.
He must really be in rough financial shape.
I can't believe he's rushing his daughter's wedding like this.
Eugenie...
This won't stop me!
Now that's just sad.
It looks like you lost your pride the same instant that you lost your status.
Say whatever you want about me, but you ARE gonna let me through.
Unfortunately, the princess is in a bit of a foul mood at the moment.
She even did this to me.
What the hell did you do to Eugenie?!
Isn't it obvious? After all, we're to be man and wife!
She put up some fierce resistance, though.
You bastard!
Relax, I didn't do anything as barbaric as forcing myself on her.
After all, I told her, By marrying me,
The instant I mentioned your name, she started behaving herself.
I owe you a debt of gratitude. You're our sacred Cupid!
Tomorrow will go off without a hitch, I take it?
What about Cavalcanti's activities?
Everything is going according to plan.
There is nothing to worry about. Please get some rest.
Very well. You may go.
Yes, Excellency.
Count...
Humiliation and despair.
Those will be my gifts...
Eugenie...
Mademoiselle, you look so lovely!
Why?
Excuse me?
Why am I wearing a dress like this?
Now, now... Today's affair will just be a signing ceremony attended only by family.
That said, I think it would be best for you to wear your formal gown.
Ever since I was a little girl, I never enjoyed talking with you.
Well, I never!
Eugenie! Look at you, you're beautiful!
It really does look wonderful on you. Andrea will be thrilled.
I'd like to be alone until the ceremony.
Y-Yes, of course. Go ahead and do that.
After all, things are going to become quite hectic soon.
Come on, now. With him in the family, we've got nothing to worry about.
He's young, but that boy has nerves of steel.
Your performance at the opera house was most impressive.
For me, meeting fresh, young talent is a joy that I would not trade for anything.
If you are interested, would you care to come to our conservatory?
Signed, F. Damrosch, Head Instructor of Keyboard Instruments.
Monsieur Danglars is a slick customer, all right.
He's trying to show everyone that the Danglars family's financial situation has stabilized...
Because he'll be in effective control of Marquis Cavalcanti's fortune.
The real question is, what's Albert going to do about it?
You think he's gonna show up?
He'll be here. He's not a member of the aristocracy anymore.
That means he's free now.
Albert!
I'm so sorry...
I couldn't disobey Luigi. He's like a father to me.
I won't ask you to forgive me. But at least let me do something to help!
Give it up.
I've had it up to here with people jerking me around!
Just like you want to save the girl you love, I want to help the boy I love.
Hey, here comes the bride!
Eugenie!
Eugenie, you have no idea how long I've waited for this day to come.
Very well, let us begin.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will now carry out the signing of the vows...
We will begin with the groom-to-be.
Yes, sir.
You have no objections to sharing all property, bonds, stocks,
I do not.
In that case, please place your signature on the marriage contract.
And now, Eugenie, the bride-to-be.
You have no objections to sharing all property, bonds, stocks,
What's the matter, Eugenie?! Hurry up and answer the man!
Something doesn't seem right...
Quiet, please!
I will repeat the question.
You have no objections to sharing all property, bonds, stocks,
I'm so sorry, she seems to be extremely nervous.
Naturally, she has no objections.
Danglars must really be desperate.
Yeah.
Go on! Sign the contract, Eugenie!
What the...?
Hey!
Maybe I forgot to pay the power bill...
That's a good one!
Eugenie...
They say that Marie Antoinette, the wife of Louis XVI, who ruled during the Middle Ages,
Hey!
This stain is saying the same thing. I'd reconsider if I were you.
W-Who the hell are you?! Who put you up to this?!
Nobody put me up to it.
This way.
I just don't approve of this wedding.
Cut the crap! You don't work here!
Hold it! What do you think you're... Cut the crap! You don't work here!
What's your name?!
I'm sorry, but this is too good a scoop to pass up.
Stop that, you bastard! Give me that!
Monsieur Danglars, I think that he's the least of your worries right now.
What are the police doing here?!
Andrea Cavalcanti!
You're under arrest on charges of fraud, falsification of lineage,
Let go of me, you bastards! Let go!
Shut your mouth, you fake aristocrat!
F-Fake aristocrat?!
Shove it, you miser!
Son of a... I was so close!
My revenge isn't over yet!
W-What are you talking about, Andrea?
Let go of me! W-What are you talking about, Andrea?
C'mon, Eugenie, let's go! Together!
This way!
Hey, this is...
I can't believe it.
You two are sneaking in through that hole again?
I secretly weakened it last night. I made it big enough for adults.
I'd completely forgotten about this.
Let's get moving.
Right.
Hey!
Your chariot awaits, Princess!
Renaud!
Bye-bye...
Reports say that Cavalcanti has been arrested.
Bertuccio.
Excellency?
Do you dream?
Yes, just like anyone else.
I no longer have dreams.
For I no longer sleep, you see.
In its place, I had this golden box garden constructed.
But now, this room is the only place in which I may remain myself.
And this single glass of water comprises my entire fortune.
And what of you? What do you intend to do once all of this is over?
What I dream of... is to serve you forever.
But even if that dream can never be,
When this is over, my wealth will belong to you and the others.
Use it in the pursuit of your own dreams.
Bankruptcy means nothing to me! I still have money!
I'll run, and run, and keep on running!
Hurry up! I'll escape all of them!
Boarding procedures for flight 747 to New York are almost complete.
All boarding passengers, please report to the boarding gate.
Um, I...
Um...
You go first, Eugenie.
No, you can go first, Albert.
I'm sorry about the way I've acted.
I was always thinking of myself.
I never gave a second thought to your feelings.
From now on, no matter what happens, no matter where I am,
Albert... You'll always be in mine, too.
Flight 747 to New York will be departing momentarily.
Passengers intending to board, please proceed to gate 4 immediately.
Albert...
It'll be okay, Eugenie.
Whenever things get tough, I want you to play the piano.
The piano that I love to hear you play.
I'll always be thinking of you when I play.
Yeah! Show those guys in New York how it's done!
Flight 747 to New York will be departing momentarily.
So, Eugenie's flight took off okay?
Yeah.
Is that from Eugenie?
Yeah. She said that she had it in the bodice of her dress the whole time.
She did, huh?
To my dearest Albert.
Happy birthday.
By the time you read this, chances are that I'll no longer be with you.
So instead of giving you a present, I'd like you to hear me out.
Albert, this is important. I don't want you to ever hate anyone.
Something occurred to me.
Feelings of love and feelings of hate both start out as caring about someone.
It's sad, but I think that sometimes, when those feelings aren't returned,
If something like that ever happens, I want you to think back to our childhood.
Back to a time when we could only love openly and honestly...
I want you to go on living, Albert.
Love people openly without being scared of getting hurt.
I truly was lucky to have known you.
Franz d'Epinay.
Forever in your heart.
I have to see him one more time.
There's something that I have to talk to him about.
Destiny. And revenge.
The merciless gears keep turning.
I once again find myself standing before him.
Next time on Gankutsuou, The Count of Monte Cristo, act 21...
Act 21: The Golden Boy's True Identity
Bide your time, and hold out hope!
