Ladies and gentlemen, good evening.
My friend invited three families to his villa, where a forbidden past lay dormant.
When that soul which had been interred there returned to life,
Act 9: I Dreamed A Dark Dream
Somebody!
Somebody, send for a doctor!
What's the matter?
It's Madame Danglars!
She's collapsed!
What the hell are you after?!
What's your game?!
Surely you jest. My only goal is to have my guests enjoy the party.
You've gone too far! This manor was originally owned by my father-in-law.
If you're deliberately trying to insult me, I'll make you regret it!
Even though I was unaware of that fact, I have indeed been most rude.
Still, this is a most fascinating,
Which means, then, that this place is as familiar to you as the back of your hand.
In which case, my little entertainment was unfair from the very beginning.
This simply won't do. Shall we start over and try it again?
What in the world happened, Albert?
I'm not really sure.
As part of the game, I was about to give Madame Victoria the box with the prize in it,
What in the world made her faint?
H-How can this be?
Dear boy, forgive me...
It seems to be a case of anemia. It is nothing serious.
I'll ask you again. Who ARE you?
Exactly what do you know?
Your life depends on your answer.
Answer me!
I am but a poor bumpkin who has come from the far reaches of Eastern Space.
Other than that, I have no past which is worth speaking of.
None at all.
Victoria!
Victoria! What's happened to her?!
You needn't worry. She is merely feeling out of sorts.
Hey! Honey! Hey!
I expect that a few moments' rest will have her feeling good as new.
Is that not right?
Where's Eugenie?
Let's look for her!
Eugenie!
Eugenie! Where are you?!
Father! Eugenie!
You there!
Do you know where Eugenie is? She's Monsieur Danglars' daughter.
I've heard stories about you from the Count.
All sorts of things.
So, you're Albert, son of the Morcerf family...
Where's Eugenie? Isn't she with you?!
She's already headed towards the inner chambers, both she and your father.
Let me make one thing perfectly clear to you.
In all the world, I am the only person capable of understanding the Count's feelings.
Wha...?
Now, if you'll excuse me.
Count!
Give me your hand, sir.
My thanks, Bertuccio...
What are those markings...?
I'd ask you not to overexert yourself, but I'd probably be wasting my breath.
Do you have it in you to follow me? Into the darkest depths of Hell?
Of course. I'll be at your side wherever you go, Gankutsuou.
Gankutsuou?
Mother...
I'm all right. I'm fine now.
I'm sorry if I worried you.
Valentine!
Albert!
I'm sorry about earlier.
I got carried away without stopping to consider your feelings.
No, I'm the one who should apologize. I said such rude things.
Still, I'm glad. It's nice that you two can have a normal conversation now.
I'm glad we had this chance to talk.
As am I!
Now that all the excitement's over, I feel kinda...
Albert?
Monsieur Albert?
Hold on!
Monsieur Albert!
Monsieur Albert!
How are you feeling?
It feels like a weight on my chest has been lifted.
I am glad to hear it. I mixed this medicine especially for you.
Nothing is better for the treatment of chest pains.
I'm sorry if I made any trouble for you.
For some reason, I felt sick all of a sudden...
What could be wrong with Albert?
Ever since we were kids, he's never had so much as a cold.
You and Albert are childhood friends, aren't you?
Yeah.
I heard all about it from Mademoiselle Valentine.
She said that she has always been jealous of how close you two are.
It's just because we've known each other for so long.
It's not just because you're old friends, is it?
I somehow get the impression that you two share a bond that no one else can share in.
Speaking of which, how long have you had feelings for Valentine?
That's an awkward question to be asked by her fiancee.
Of course, you're right. I'm sorry.
No, I am the one who is at fault here.
But if you love her, that should be all that matters.
There you go, saying such irresponsible things again...
Irresponsible, huh? I suppose it is.
It's a strange thing.
Why can't you love Mademoiselle Valentine? She is your fiancee, after all.
What about you? Will you stop loving her just because you can't marry her?
As to that...
You can't, can you? You can't simply fall out of love, can you?
Even if it's a relationship where you can't marry the person.
Are you saying that you harbor a hopeless love for someone, too?
Marriage isn't necessarily the only way to make that person happy.
Don't you think?
I hadn't thought of that... Perhaps you're right.
Valentine's found herself a great guy.
Albert.
Sir?
I realize that this is an odd question, but what have you eaten today?
Actually, I've been so busy today that I haven't eaten anything at all.
But now that you mention it, I drank some water from the table with the blue flowers.
The table with blue flowers was the Villefort family's table.
Do you think that has anything to do with it?
Albert, I would like you to remain calm and listen to me.
What had been attacking your body... was poison.
Poison?
Yes, a fearful poison that is called zhen-du in Eastern Space.
You're saying that the water was poisoned?
It would be safe to assume so.
You managed to survive because the ice had melted, thus diluting the poison,
Who would do such a thing?
I suspect that you were not the target.
Right. The poison was mixed into that water pitcher,
But why?
Feelings of hatred and jealousy towards another...
The happier that person is, the less aware he is of their feelings.
However, their attempt ended in failure.
Which means that they will lay another trap to...
They can't! There are people that I want to be happy!
Albert, are you sure you should be out of bed?
I feel fine now. Sorry I made you worry.
Still, I think you should take it easy.
He's right, Monsieur Albert.
No, we have to hurry.
I'll explain later. Anyway, we have to get to Valentine's house.
To Mademoiselle Valentine's house?
Yeah.
You're such a frightening man...
And at the same time, so very alluring...
Are we clear on this, Boville?
Use every network at your disposal and find out everything there is to know about that man.
Focus your investigation on Marseilles in particular.
Understood.
Count of Monte Cristo, my ass. Mark my words, I'll find out who you really are.
Incidentally, what is your connection to this man, Your Honor?
That isn't something that you need to concern yourself about.
Yes, sir. But I suggest that you be mindful of rats.
Yes, I know.
I'll be off, then.
Look, Grandfather. Isn't this a beautiful rosary?
Pardon me.
I've brought you something to drink.
Thank you, Valois.
Still, don't you think the Count is reading too much into this?
I mean, come on, someone's trying to kill the Villefort family?
He's not like other people. I believe him.
Say, Franz... Will you hear me out?
What's up? You sound awfully serious.
The thing is, I finally figured something out.
Well? What is it?
You might laugh at me for saying this, Franz,
What's gotten into you? What brought this on?
Well, I... It's just that I want Valentine and Maximilien to be happy.
I know it's more complicated than that for you, though.
Not at all. I want the same thing with all my heart.
If it's humanly possible, I think two people who love each other should be together.
You do, huh?
The love those two have is the real thing. I want them to be happy.
No way am I gonna let anybody poison her!
The rain has certainly gotten stronger...
It's rather humid, isn't it?
You must be hot, Valois. Would you like a glass, too?
Eh? No, I couldn't possibly, Mademoiselle.
It's all right, don't stand on ceremony.
Valois!
Valois, what's the matter? Valois!
M-Mademoiselle...
Valois?
Valois!
W-What happened?
Grandfather...
Hurry!
Hurry, call the doctor!
Mademoiselle Valentine!
How can this be? Mademoiselle Valentine!
I can't believe it. It's just like the Count said.
What the hell is going on?
I'll be back.
Where are you going?
Where else? To go see the Count.
He might be able to do something for her.
Hey, Albert!
Albert...
I'll be at your side wherever you go, Gankutsuou.
I'm sorry, but His Excellency is away on a business trip at the moment.
You're kidding! When will he be back?
That is entirely up to His Excellency. I'm sorry I cannot be of more help.
I see that you're helpless by yourself, same as always.
You!
I'm looking forward to seeing how this turns out.
What's that supposed to mean?
Do you have the courage to learn what the future holds?
Who the hell you?
Damn it! What am I gonna do?
Don't die, Valentine!
You child of illicit love who has awoken from a dark dream...
You beautiful child who knows nothing of love, nor of being loved.
Thou art anathema.
Thou art anathema!
A dark cloud spreads out like a stain to cover our lives.
And a letter arrives from an old friend who was thought to be dead.
Act 10: The Letter From Edmond
Bide your time, and hold out hope!
