Here you go, the summer homework.
What?
It's all done, so you can borrow it.
It's okay, I'd feel bad.
I can do it myself.
Don't worry, just take it. You couldn't study this whole time because of the Interhigh.
I thought if I did it all, you would be able to do your studies without needing to lose that time.
So I worked hard to get it done. I want you to use it.
Her light brown hair. Her intellectual eyebrows, and her expressive eyes beneath them. Her slim neck. Her warm body...
Father, mother, good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I know I always feel this way,
but I never look forward to going to see the Arima family.
Well, they never change.
It's unbelievable how every last
one of them turned out to be so spiteful.
Even though you're
not like that at all.
Anyway, there's no point
in getting depressed ourselves.
After all, the one
who suffers the most is right here.
We'll have to stay strong.
You don't have to worry about me.
I'm not a kid anymore...
I don't let it get to me every time.
My family is a lineage of doctors going all the way back to the Edo Period.
There are many relatives who are doctors or work for pharmaceutical companies.
Foremost among whom is my father, the director of the city's general hospital.
In other words, there's that certain social standing and they value this status above all else.
In the eyes of the Arima family, I was the only blemish.
How time flies.
It's already been 12 years since our youthful father passed away.
How lovely to see you, Eiko.
Lovely to see you too, Shizune.
Aunt Eiko, it has been a while.
I'm shunned by this family.
This has to do with my origins.
My current parents
aren't my real parents.
They're actually my aunt and uncle,
my real father's oldest brother.
I don't know the details,
but my real father didn't get along with the family.
He was a terrible delinquent, caused a lot of trouble...
taking money from the house, leaving a significant debt, and me, behind.
The child of the trouble maker.
That's how I was seen, ever since I was little.
Hey, this isn't a place for you to come in your street clothes.
Don't be stupid.
That's a public high school uniform.
You'll hurt his feelings if you say that.
It is? Figures.
How can you stand to wear such cheap clothing?
What, you tryin to ignore us?
You better not get on your high-horse.
You're not even wanted here.
You just keep your mouth shut and do what we tell you.
Lay off.
Kei-chan.
Ignoring us is all he CAN do.
So we should at least let him do that.
Excuse me.
That boy...
He's come to resemble Reiji since I last saw him.
It gave me a shudder when I saw his face.
Ugh, he makes me remember the past.
It makes me sick.
How could a child like Reiji have been born into our house?
The amount of shame he brought upon Father is immeasurable.
I still can't believe you decided to bring him up.
You should have left him at an orphanage.
I hope you're sure about that boy.
Observe him closely to make sure that he hasn't inherited his father's temperament as well.
Don't spoil him and let him assume he has a right to have anything belonging to the Arima family.
Always remind him that he's merely being allowed to stay in the family.
I can't stand it.
I wish he would graduate from school and get out of our family already.
Please, that's enough!
How can you be so cruel towards a child...
What has Souichirou ever done wrong?
All of you denounce him merely because he is Reiji's son...
I am far more ashamed of all of you!
He is both intelligent and good natured.
He is well aware of where he stands.
He puts in so much effort when he doesn't need to.
He entered the top public high school in the prefecture at the top of his class.
If there are those who look down upon him,
I don't know what grounds they have for their sense of superiority.
It is not a matter of whether he is bright or not.
He is dear to me...
He is our child.
I will not have you speak ill of our child!
On days like this...
existence is nothing but a dark stain.
*I hate them!* *Just because they were born into a good family!*
And I want to disappear.
Even so, I was able to keep a positive outlook because I loved my current parents.
What? I'm doing it for myself!
Because it feels great to be number one!
You can let me take care of you too.
I was much happier being with you than being number one.
I love you more than before.
I thought if I did it all, you would be able to do your studies without wasting that time.
So I worked hard to get it done. Go on and use it.
That's all I need......that special person
Yes?
Oh, there you are! Thank goodness. It's me!
Hi! I heard you went out today so I was
wondering what I would do if you weren't here,
but I'm glad you're here!
What's up?
I forgot one of the reports.
Tsubaki gave it back when I saw her today.
You should have told me and I'd have come to get it.
Thanks. Want to come in?
We got some ice cream as gifts.
All right! Lucky! I'll have some!
Where are Mr. and Mrs. Arima?
They're not back yet.
That's OK, nothing will happen.
Oh... ok...
Why does she look so sad? *I don't get it!!*
So yummy!
Miyazawa?
Eh?
Can I kiss you?
Awww, you liar.
You said you wouldn't do anythiiing.
Uh... Umm... Y..Your hand...
I'm sorry. I really won't do anything anymore.
But some time I might make love to you.
I want to make love to you.
My lips, my eyes, my hands, everything...
Now, where shall we go, just the two of us?
But before long I might make love to you.
I want to make love to you.
Wh..Whoa, Arima!
Did I surprise you?
Wh..what's up? How'd you know I was here?
I went to your place and they said you might be around here.
You never come over without calling first.
Hideaki came to sleep over again last night. He was hanging all over me, so I snuck out.
Asapin's just happy to see you after so long.
Argh, I blew it!
I said weird things out of the blue, and made you uneasy.
I don't know what came over me yesterday.
This may not sound convincing, but it's not like I have to do that with you.
If you don't want to, I absolutely won't do anything.
What is it?
Oh, um, well.
I was wondering why you said that out of the blue...
You had never let anything like that show before.
But I think I figured it out.
How should I put it?
What you're saying is something more spiritual.
It feels wonderous. We haven't connected with our bodies yet,
but our souls are definitely connected.
Studying for second semester already
After that, we enjoyed the rest of our summer vacation just like always.
What are you going to do with all that?
Are you borrowing them?
I have time to spare thanks to all the homework you did.
I thought I'd try to read 30 books during vacation.
What, really?! Me too! I'll do it too!
I'll read 50!
Why do you like to compete so much?
They all go swimming at the beach
We all went to the beach too.
This is so fun!
Hey, stop that! Look, sea slug! Blorp!
Arimaaa! Lotion me!
No.
Arimaaa!!! Lotion me.
No!
Aya-chan didn't show after all.
Oh, her...
She's writing a manuscript.
Although she's probably asleep right now.
She has day and night reversed and says she gets dizzy when she sees the sun.
What's wrong with her?
A writer is a cursed occupation.
She's so pale even though it's summer.
Come to think of it, both Tsubaki and Asapin are here.
They both love girls...
I wonder if they'll find friendship.
What?
No use.
They both want to monopolize the girls and have become territorial.
What about Asapin and the adorable Tsubasa-chan?
What?
Shibahime? I'll give you this, so don't get too close to that perverted guy over there.
Okay?
She had her brother!
I'm stiff all over.
We've been studying since morning.
There's a nice breeze in the afternoons after mid-August.
The sky's gotten really clear too.
I guess summer's almost over.
You okay?
You always wear such skimpy clothes.
Whoa, look over there! The sky is pitch black!
We better hurry, or we'll get rained on.
We're soaked.
Thanks.
I wonder where the bus is.
Do you want to come to my house then?
It's a bit of a walk, but not too far.
But my parents won't be home today.
What do you want to do?
I'm so happy.
What?
That there are moments like this between us.
We love each other so unequivocally.
We believe in each other.
We have no doubts in our minds...
There aren't so many times as happy as this in life.
So I'll never forget.
No matter how much time passes or how old I get, I'll remember.
I feel like I'm going out of my mind.
I must've fallen asleep. Uh-oh, what time is it?
Seven o'clock...
Thank god, that's not so late.
I don't know what I would've done if it were the middle of the night.
So warm...
I just threw stuff together so I don't think it's good, but...
We're just like newlyweds!!
You think you can be happy now?
Your scars aren't that shallow.
I get irritated just looking at your face!
Why do you cower all the time, you runt!
I never should have given birth to you!
What're you looking at me like that for?
Whose fault do you think it is that we have such a hard time?
Stop it! Why are you making me remember this?!
Because you tried to be happy.
Your heart starts to fray from there.
You can't get away from me.
I'm inside you.
I'm your dark half. I'm the shadow beneath your feet.
Because I am you.
A dream I can't wake up from. A never-ending nightmare...
PREVIEW
Finally, the attainment of the greatest desire!
Sis experienced the becoming of one flesh and spirit.
But regardless of such things, the flow of time puts an end to summer vacation!
And the second semester begins,
and a mysterious transfer student turns up.
Next time on KareKano 14 Days
Bye
