At the end of the 1990's.
Japan has reached the most dangerous depths of economic crisis and depression since World War II.
There is a series of personal and company bankruptcies...
Indeed, though it is the end of the century, it is most appropriate to call it a time of chaos.
This is the same.
First year room A as the top student of Hokuei Public High School...
Arima, who has changed her, was carrying...
These secretive two have become intimate with each other, even insofar as they are top students.
They eventually cross the stages of being classroom buddies, friends, more than friends to lovers.
And thus they arrive at a relationship in which we speak...
And then, feeling pressure in their relationship...
Toward these two who have made these decisions...
But sweeping away destructive demonic influences, and enduring...
However!
However! Stage 1
Stage 1
Broadcast Information Meetings
Broadcast Information Meetings Ah
Ah
Oh It's Asapin
Oh It's Asapin He presented himself, and flowed in.
He presented himself, and flowed in.
He presented himself, and flowed in. Oh, Miyazawa, you're also doing broadcast and information
He presented himself, and flowed in. Oh, Miyazawa, you're also doing broadcast and information Oh! Asabakun
Oh, Miyazawa, you're also doing broadcast and information Oh! Asabakun
Oh! Asabakun And conversation.
And conversation. Oh yeah, let's do it.
Oh yeah, let's do it.
Well, those two are here too.
Well, those two are here too. And then he appeared, and flowed in again.
And then he appeared, and flowed in again. Tonamikun
Tonamikun
I'm so glad. I just came into this school. I've got no one I know and I don't know this school.
Then stay with me, I'll teach you lots of stuff.
Then stay with me, I'll teach you lots of stuff. And conversation.
Then stay with me, I'll teach you lots of stuff.
Kinda feels like I'll get used.
Kinda feels like I'll get used. Continuing conversation.
Continuing conversation.
Continuing conversation. Of course
Of course
Of course Continuing conversation.
Continuing conversation.
He is silent.
And scornful
Stage 2
This is the tallest tree in this school...
Ouch
Hey, didn't mean to do that.
Hey, didn't mean to do that. Opps, sorry.
Opps, sorry.
Opps, sorry. Dropped it.
Dropped it.
Dropped it. Thus she apologizes.
Thus she apologizes.
And then smiles.
Unexpected encounter.
Small irritation.
What are you doing up here?
What are you doing up here? He approaches.
What are you doing up here?
It's the best eating lunch at places like this.
It's the best eating lunch at places like this. Conversation.
It's the best eating lunch at places like this.
Gorilla! Ha ha ha you're a gorillia!
Gorilla! Ha ha ha you're a gorillia! Guffawing.
Gorilla! Ha ha ha you're a gorillia!
You say so, but you look like a gorilla yourself.
You say so, but you look like a gorilla yourself. Girl looks on with morbid fascination.
You say so, but you look like a gorilla yourself.
Here, some feed.
Irritated again.
Dullness...
And then restfulness.
Hey
Hey Destruction of her pleasure.
Destruction of her pleasure.
Destruction of her pleasure. N...wha?
Destruction of her pleasure.
Destruction of her pleasure. You haven't forgotten what I told you the other day, right?
You haven't forgotten what I told you the other day, right?
You haven't forgotten what I told you the other day, right? Bringing an end to his endurance.
Bringing an end to his endurance.
And thus interjecting.
And thus interjecting. What are you all confident about?
And thus interjecting.
But she is utterly unmoved.
But she is utterly unmoved. Yeah.
But she is utterly unmoved.
But she is utterly unmoved. If you don't like me, I can't help it. Go ahead and not like me.
If you don't like me, I can't help it. Go ahead and not like me.
Grr! What does that mean? She does not move.
She does not move.
She does not move. Besides, I like you quite a bit.
Besides, I like you quite a bit.
Silence.
Eh?! Shut up
Eh?! Shut up Shaken.
Shaken.
I SAID I DON'T LIKE YOU!
I SAID I DON'T LIKE YOU! Reasserting.
Reasserting.
If I'm not liked, do I have to not like you back?
When I think about it, being with you is kind of fun.
Isn't that enough?
Cannot reach her.
Free flowing...
this gal's heart is always somewhere far away
Any words of mine...
and feelings...
cannot reach her.
It never will reach Sakura
Why?
I don't know
I don't know He replies.
He replies.
That is the first time I ever kissed.
Come to think of it, me too.
Come to think of it, me too. He says the same.
Come to think of it, me too.
And then, questioning...
And then, questioning... Why did I do such a thing?
Why did I do such a thing? Questioning...
Questioning...
Questioning... Meeting Room
Meeting Room
Next we need to discuss with regard to the topic of...
Stage 3
Prep Room
Ahh, thank you.
Ahh, thank you. She expresses gratitude.
She expresses gratitude. Today I have to arrange and do a check of the proposals of all the participating circles for the events.
Today I have to arrange and do a check of the proposals of all the participating circles for the events.
Today I have to arrange and do a check of the proposals of all the participating circles for the events. And then works on.
Today I have to arrange and do a check of the proposals of all the participating circles for the events.
I begin writing out notes... until evening into the night.
I begin writing out notes... until evening into the night. And then her suffering.
I begin writing out notes... until evening into the night.
You... you seem to be bogged down, you need any help?
You... you seem to be bogged down, you need any help? And then empathy.
And then empathy. You're top of the class anyway, so...
You're top of the class anyway, so...
No, just your bringing it here for me was enough, thank you.
No, just your bringing it here for me was enough, thank you. And then her reply.
No, just your bringing it here for me was enough, thank you.
What, I'm offering you sincere help.
What, I'm offering you sincere help. And then, conversation.
And then, conversation.
Because if I'm too friendly with other boys, Arima will get lonesome.
Because if I'm too friendly with other boys, Arima will get lonesome. And then talking about her love affair.
Because if I'm too friendly with other boys, Arima will get lonesome.
Arima fan
Arima fan What are you saying, don't flatter yourself!!
Cause it's true.
Heh, I cannot understand it at all, why is Arima-kun with a girl like this... I'm sure there are plenty other girls he could date who are a lot more suited to him, who is more upstanding, more graceful, more lovely.
Heh, I cannot understand it at all, why is Arima-kun with a girl like this... I'm sure there are plenty other girls he could date who are a lot more suited to him, who is more upstanding, more graceful, more lovely. He cannot understand.
Heh, I cannot understand it at all, why is Arima-kun with a girl like this... I'm sure there are plenty other girls he could date who are a lot more suited to him, who is more upstanding, more graceful, more lovely.
Heh, I cannot understand it at all, why is Arima-kun with a girl like this... I'm sure there are plenty other girls he could date who are a lot more suited to him, who is more upstanding, more graceful, more lovely. He cannot understand.
Heh, I cannot understand it at all, why is Arima-kun with a girl like this... I'm sure there are plenty other girls he could date who are a lot more suited to him, who is more upstanding, more graceful, more lovely. He cannot understand.
He cannot understand.
He cannot understand.
He cannot understand. Cannot understand!!
Cannot understand!!
You probably tricked innocent and unsuspecting Arima-kun into your sneaky trap and now you're using him. That must be it!!
You probably tricked innocent and unsuspecting Arima-kun into your sneaky trap and now you're using him. That must be it!! And then, judgement.
You probably tricked innocent and unsuspecting Arima-kun into your sneaky trap and now you're using him. That must be it!!
You probably tricked innocent and unsuspecting Arima-kun into your sneaky trap and now you're using him. That must be it!! And then, utterance.
You probably tricked innocent and unsuspecting Arima-kun into your sneaky trap and now you're using him. That must be it!!
Boo
Boo Boo, wrong!
Boo, wrong! Wrong
Wrong
Arima was the one who attacked first.
I can't hear you... it's a lie!!!
I can't hear you... it's a lie!!! Not listening, and then denial
Not listening, and then denial
Not listening, and then denial Anyway, whatever became of your revenge scheme?
Anyway, whatever became of your revenge scheme?
Anyway, whatever became of your revenge scheme? And then she asked.
And then she asked. Well...
Well...
I'm still working on it. I haven't given up.
But you know, to hold a grudge of vengeance for two whole years and be that involved with your feelings against that person.
What?
Oh, nothing.
And then he appears again.
And then he appears again. Asapin
Asapin
Oh this. I was asked asked to do this by Sawada-san.
Oh this. I was asked asked to do this by Sawada-san. And then, conversation again.
Oh this. I was asked asked to do this by Sawada-san.
Thank you.
Thank you. And then, conversation again.
And then, conversation again. Oh well, I better go help out in class.
Oh well, I better go help out in class.
Do well with your revenge.
Do well with your revenge. And then, parting.
Do well with your revenge.
Shut up.
And then, askance.
Long silence.
Long silence.
Long quiet.
Long quiet.
What is at the end of it.
What awaits at the end of it.
Hey, you...
Hey, you... Breaking of silence.
Breaking of silence.
You're getting too close to Miyazawa.
You're getting too close to Miyazawa. Breaking of complacency.
You're getting too close to Miyazawa.
Chasing after Arima.
Chasing after Arima. Breaking all blocks.
Chasing after Arima.
You shouldn't casually do things that's not called for.
You shouldn't casually do things that's not called for. Breaking up pressure.
You shouldn't casually do things that's not called for.
Arima really doesn't like it when someone gets too close to Miyazawa, regardless of boy or girl.
What...Arima-kun?
The Arima-kun that you know is just a fabrication.
The Arima-kun that you know is just a fabrication. The breaking of truth.
The Arima-kun that you know is just a fabrication.
The real Arima is very temperamental. He is very possessive.
The real Arima is very temperamental. He is very possessive. The breaking of the ghost image.
The real Arima is very temperamental. He is very possessive.
But I know that Miyazawa will never betray Arima. But I'm not Just saying this
But I know that Miyazawa will never betray Arima. But I'm not Just saying this And the breaking of fictitiousness.
But I know that Miyazawa will never betray Arima. But I'm not Just saying this
Arima is only truly kind to... Miyazawa only
Arima is only truly kind to... Miyazawa only And then, fantasy.
Arima is only truly kind to... Miyazawa only
The reason why Arima overlooks my being with Miyazawa
The reason why Arima overlooks my being with Miyazawa And then, deception
The reason why Arima overlooks my being with Miyazawa
Is because he knows that I would never touch Miyazawa.
Is because he knows that I would never touch Miyazawa. And then, putting himself in his situation.
And then, putting himself in his situation.
Huh?
Aren't you over thinking this? What's so great about her anyway? Not that I don't like her.
Aren't you over thinking this? What's so great about her anyway? Not that I don't like her. But it is the truth.
Aren't you over thinking this? What's so great about her anyway? Not that I don't like her.
She's a little smart and cute; that's about it.
She's a little smart and cute; that's about it. It is also real.
She's a little smart and cute; that's about it.
She's a regular girl She's not even my type.
She's a regular girl She's not even my type. Glad to have met her.
Glad to have met her.
Don't you get it? You're just a brat
Don't you get it? You're just a brat And then, the setup
And then, the setup
Stage 4
Me and you
The reason why it must be you for me and me for you.
You're scared, right?
Thought I know in my mind, I do not know with my feelings.
Thought I know in my mind, I do not know with my feelings. Want me to tell you why?
Want me to tell you why?
You have realized.
You have realized. Though I made love to Miyazawa.
Though I made love to Miyazawa.
That cannot be happy.
It is because you came in contact, that your distance has grown apart.
Now it's as if you're two separate people.
Now it's as if you're two separate people. The joy of touching each other is momentary. That cannot be the goal.
The joy of touching each other is momentary. That cannot be the goal.
I had never thought this way before.
But now, painfully.
But that Miyazawa can go on without you.
Poor guy.
You thought you could be happy.
Stage 5
Prep Room.
Oh
Oh Meeting again.
Meeting again.
Meeting again. You done with the work?
You done with the work?
You done with the work? Conversation again.
Conversation again. Yeah, released at last.
Yeah, released at last.
Yeah, released at last. Conversation again.
Yeah, released at last.
Hey, did you see Arima?
Hey, did you see Arima? Conversation.
Hey, did you see Arima?
No, I haven't seen him.
No, I haven't seen him. Conversation.
No, I haven't seen him.
I see. I can hardly see him because of the play and everything So I at least wanted to go with him.
I see. I can hardly see him because of the play and everything So I at least wanted to go with him. Conversation.
I see. I can hardly see him because of the play and everything So I at least wanted to go with him.
And the play? Is it fun?
And the play? Is it fun? Conversation.
And the play? Is it fun?
Yeah! it's fun to do this with everyone.
Yeah! it's fun to do this with everyone. Conversation.
Yeah! it's fun to do this with everyone.
Don't get close to Miyazawa.
Don't get close to Miyazawa. What are you saying?!! She's not the kind of girl I'd be that interested in!
What are you saying?!! She's not the kind of girl I'd be that interested in!
So long
So long And then, parting.
And then, parting. Later
Later
Maybe...
What I have believed to be myself is nothing but a fraud that was created out of my own efforts.
Maybe there is another real me, inside of me.
Maybe there is another real me, inside of me. His and Her Circumstances
His and Her Circumstances
Existence and Nothingness, Born Mutually.
Stage 6
Meeting again. Arima-kun
Arima-kun
Um...
Um... And then, the panic that envelops him, and the hesitations.
And then, the panic that envelops him, and the hesitations.
And then, the panic that envelops him, and the hesitations. Um...
Um...
He completely hates me...
He completely hates me... Insecurity and hopelessness.
He completely hates me...
Good morning
Good morning Good morning.
Good morning.
Good morning. Hey, have you seen Arima?
Hey, have you seen Arima?
Waaah!...Don't come near me!!
Arima-kun is my best friend, who was kind to me.
I understand now, but at the time, I was a spoiled and truly obnoxious brat, and I can't help it if others didn't like me.
I understand now, but at the time, I was a spoiled and truly obnoxious brat, and I can't help it if others didn't like me. But Arima-kun was not that way.
But Arima-kun was not that way.
Everyone would come around Arima-kun, and I would never be teased in that classroom.
Everyone would come around Arima-kun, and I would never be teased in that classroom. Whenever I was alone, he would be next to me, unpretentiously.
And he was frighteningly intelligent.
And he was frighteningly intelligent. He was fair He was kind
I'm sorry.
I didn't know that Miyazawa was that precious to you.
But to be honest, I'm surprised.
That Arima-kun would actually look at me in such a way, with such feelings.
Maybe being in love is something like this.
Such out word feelings?
Hmm?
In that case, does that mean that Arima-kun had that element in him to begin with? In that case, who was the Arima-kun in Junior High? Was he just a facade?
Ridiculous!
Arima-kun is not that kind of person
No, wait...
If asked which...
I used to naively believe back then, but...
To coexist fairly with everyone is to...
View everyone as if they were the same.
Huh?
I have opened a hitherto unopened box... It seems as if...
The Arima that you know is just a fabrication.
The Arima that you know is just a fabrication. That's right... But that's the real Arima-kun.
That's right... But that's the real Arima-kun.
Arima
You're strong.
Want me to hold it?
All of his caring feelings are given to Miyazawa
His reactionary feelings and hostility are turned toward all who would get between him and Miyazawa.
Whenever it pertains to Miyazawa, Arima-kun cannot hold back his feelings.
For the first time...
I wanted to know the Arima-kun who was not about my dreams or ideals.
This time for real.
I wanted to be friends with you.
Arima-kun... Your heart... Where is it?
Stage 7
Social Studies Resource Room
What a help, thank you.
No problem, do I put this away?
Miyazawa!
Miyazawa! Well, it's just that somewhat, lately I feel that our kinship is lacking.
Well, it's just that somewhat, lately I feel that our kinship is lacking.
Princess, does that mean that my efforts are insufficient?
No. We were together all the time during summer vacation...
It's so fun being with Arima, that duties I have to do become lonesome.
After this stint is over, let's be glued together to our heart's content.
Glued together.
But maybe at times we might have inappropriate feelings.
But maybe at times we might have inappropriate feelings. Oh, um, yes.
Oh, um, yes.
We have crossed the major threshold, and yet, what's with his purity?
Do you want to be with me?
Yes.
I don't know why, but Arima, sometimes you look like you're someone else.
You think so?
Is it a little strange? Am I scary?
No.
Please don't let me go.
Day by day, I am falling apart.
Falling into the dark side
How can you say such a thing?
To want to have you all to myself.
I'd truly love to free you.
On the other hand, I want to take you away from everything.
I don't want anyone to know that I have such feelings.
Stage 8
Student Guidance Room
Sorry, I'm late.
Oh, you're working hard.
Cheese.
Cheese. Kicking back
Kicking back
Kicking back Beauty King
Kicking back Beauty King Yukino, you're working hard too.
Beauty King Yukino, you're working hard too.
Beauty King
What, are we going to do a reading rehearsal?
Actress Queen
Actress Queen I know all my lines.
Actress Queen
Actress Queen I actually wanted to ask Aya-chan something
Actress Queen
Actress Queen Is she here?
Actress Queen
Actress Queen About that, but, the situation's changed somewhat.
About that, but, the situation's changed somewhat.
Doesn't she seem a little nervous?
The novel that she wrote in first semester became so popular...
Amazing!
So she's feeling tremendous pressure, and she's been that way ever since yesterday.
So she's feeling tremendous pressure, and she's been that way ever since yesterday. Pressure
Pressure
Pressure She's a little on the timid side, so...
I quit! It's no good today.
What, already?
I've been writing and rewriting over and over since yesterday...
Really?
There's something going on.
Characters, setting, plot, all these things, if they come to me...
then I can just write smoothly, but if these don't come...
I wonder if it's like a slump.
Maybe.
Don't be timid and just write away.
If I write something that I don't enjoy writing, who would enjoy reading it?
The more I cannot write, the more worried I become.
I worry that maybe my writing powers are used up.
I worry that maybe my writing powers are used up. She's merely a delicate sixteen year old.
She's merely a delicate sixteen year old.
She's merely a delicate sixteen year old. Gosh, writers who can't write are depressing.
Gosh, writers who can't write are depressing.
You sure you should say that?
You always kick them when they're down.
You can console her sometimes.
She says quite a bit.
Hey, the weather is so nice, why don't we go eat lunch at the river banks?
Materialistic Therapy Method
Materialistic Therapy Method Aya-chan you too, put some oxygen in your brain.
Materialistic Therapy Method
Gosh it feels so good.
It would feel good to do a rehearsal right here.
that's a great idea.
That's right, maybe making those two into twins would expand the story somewhat.
It seems like it'll work out. Aren't you glad?
Yeah.
What's up? Aren't you going to say, why don't you just quite the play?
Um, no.
But if Aya-chan's this busy, we're really in trouble.
What, me? I'm going to do it. I'm the one who started this whole thing.
Yes, yes.
Hey.
Why did you all of a sudden decide to do the play?
You resisted the idea so much at first.
Oh that. Well, I thought that it would be more fun than studying.
I thought that there was something that I wanted to be involved in besides studying.
For me, there is only the world of me and Arima and study.
But for Arima, he has another world besides just us and study, and he goes to the Inter-cups and stuff.
You could say I'm jealous, but I also want to have a world of my own too.
You don't like to lose.
I just think it has to be that way.
And on top of that, Arima likes me.
What? What's with your talking about your love affair? Talking about your love affair?
Arima's world is deeper than mine.
I think that if there is anything that would make me worry or become distressed...
That's what I thought.
That's why I wanted to just make my own world.
I like to be dependent and pampered by Arima...
That's why Arima responds exclusively to Yukino, out of all the girls that he can respond to.
You laugh at me, that's not fair.
I'm always talking about myself. Why don't you tell me about yourself sometime, Maho-san?
No way.
No way. Aw, come on, talk about it!
Aw, come on, talk about it!
No I don't want to.
Hey, you lezbos over there, the chimes' ringing.
Stage 9
Contemplating.
Contemplating. For me to understand Arima-kun
For me to understand Arima-kun
For me to understand Arima-kun Contemplating.
Contemplating. I don't understand the falling in love feelings.
I don't understand the falling in love feelings.
Sakura!!
Hi. Doing alright?
Don't look the other way.
Of all the classmates, you and I have the worst affinity.
That's because you're just a facade.
Ridiculous!
I'm not just a facade!
You, they say that you only like cute girls.
I can't stand that kind of attitude.
All girls are cute.
Aw, shut up. I just like pretty things, that's all.
It is because of the cruel discernment, that beauty is beauty.
It is because of the cruel discernment, that beauty is beauty. Beauty
Beauty Otherwise, it doesn't accord with reason.
Otherwise, it doesn't accord with reason.
It seems that she argues philosophically.
It seems that she argues philosophically. Not so! Absolutely not so!
What does it matter.
Summer clothes are going to be gone this month, so you better get your eyeful.
Look at them.
Look at the momentary brilliant light of those maidens...
Yes, beautiful.
And he too was looking.
And he too was looking
He was looking.
Another parting.
Another parting. Later
Another parting.
And then, realization.
And then, realization. Oh, Tonami.
And then, realization.
And then, an ontological provocation.
And then, an ontological provocation. FOOOL!!
And then, an ontological provocation.
Ouch!
Ow, what's with your frightening strength? You're not a woman. Shut up. What do you mean by FOOL?
Shut up, just said it cause I wanted to say it.
Shut up, just said it cause I wanted to say it. And then, another ontological provocation.
And then, another ontological provocation.
And then, another ontological provocation. I pity da foo!
I pity da foo!
Sparkle
Dammit, what's with this irritation
Dammit, what's with this irritation And then.
Dammit, what's with this irritation
Unknown actions.
A vague perspective.
Uncertain feelings.
This gal
Was never a kind of person who would be laughing with another guy
Was never a kind of person who would be laughing with another guy It's just that her personality has rounded out.
On top of that, she ki...kissed me yesterday.
And she kissed me and...
And she kissed me and... Feeling a weird aura from the back
A sudden question.
A sudden question. Why did I do such a thing?
Why did I do such a thing?
Why did I do such a thing? Disbelief.
Disbelief.
Disbelief. No way!
No way! Deception.
Deception. Am I a person who likes men?
Perplexity.
Revelation.
Something remembered.
And panic.
Ultimate question.
Ultimate question. Huh?
Huh?
Huh? Complications of memory.
Complications of memory. Was Sakura like that? Wasn't she a lot more strong looking...
Was Sakura like that? Wasn't she a lot more strong looking...
Was Sakura like that? Wasn't she a lot more strong looking... The moment.
The moment.
The moment. Hmm?
Hmm? Eternity
Eternity
Eternity There is a link in my mind that is disconnected.
There is a link in my mind that is disconnected. Kindness
Kindness
Cruelty.
Cruelty. There is something important that is missing.
There is something important that is missing. Hope.
Hope.
Meaninglessness.
The beginning
The beginning What
What A beginning that started much too slowly.
A beginning that started much too slowly.
A beginning that started much too slowly. Why is she so light?
Why is she so light?
The beginning of confusion. Were her arms this thin?
Were her arms this thin?
Were her arms this thin? The beginning of suffering.
Were her arms this thin?
Were her arms this thin? The beginning of joy.
The beginning of joy.
The beginning of joy. Yeah, this image of Sakura that's burned into my memory is aggressively more powerful than myself.
Yeah, this image of Sakura that's burned into my memory is aggressively more powerful than myself.
The beginning of sadness.
The beginning of sadness. That's why I always thought that she would be absolutely strong.
That's why I always thought that she would be absolutely strong.
That's why I always thought that she would be absolutely strong. The beginning of retreat.
The beginning of retreat.
The beginning of retreat. Why didn't I realize it all along?
Boink
You.
You help me, then you throw me.
Hey.
He came to realize.
He came to realize. A long time ago, there was no sexual difference between us.
A long time ago, there was no sexual difference between us.
A long time ago, there was no sexual difference between us. He came to realize.
He came to realize. Therefore for the longest time, I haven't been able to name these feelings.
Therefore for the longest time, I haven't been able to name these feelings.
It's a simple matter.
Why did I become so deeply hurt about Sakura thinking nothing of me?
Why did I want Sakura to acknowledge my existence so much?
Why am I unhappy when Sakura is with another guy?
Because I love her.
At the limits of differences.
At the limits of differences. All this time, in my heart, these feelings that had nowhere to go...
At the limits of boundaries.
To wish, unto the future.
To go unto happiness.
And thus, His and Her Story
Will continue.
