Miyazawa-san?
She's really scary when you make her mad.
She's a corrupted representative!
Like, all she cares about is herself.
But, she was really nice in the beginning.
Yeah, she seemed really helpful.
She was?
Yeah, don't you remember she looked over your homework?
Oh yeah.
It feels like that was so long ago.
Was it the day before yesterday?
I saw her dancing wildly in the hall saying that she beat Arima...
I got the feeling that that was who she really was.
She can do ten times the work of one, to be sure.
I remember well that nobody could...
What? Oh, she was the epitome of a model student at first.
But you can't judge people by appearances.
She's tougher than she looks.
Shall I say, she's a student who is like dried squid;
She becomes more interesting the more you chew.
Our sister is an airhead.
Yep, an airhead.
It's awful!
Arima, listen!
Hm? What's up?
Today, I was walking down the hall, and this guy, as he passed me...
What kind of butch word is that?!
How dare he use it to describe a girl!
C-could it have just been your imagination?
No, he definitely said so! I heard him.
I, who used to be called beautiful, with the grace of a prize-winning carp!
What in the world are you? WHOA! GROSS! Snot everywhere!
Oh the good old days when I could leave all annoying things to the guys and just take the juicy bits.
The feel for ecstasy I've been used to for so long, no that I was born with...
You're still complaining?
You stopped being pretentious, remember?
You just think it's none of your concern.
My ostentatious life, at the height of its splendor is finally about to become a thing of the past!
There's no way I can let it go so easily!
You're so naive, Arima-kun.
Just accept that this is how she'll always be.
When it's coming from you it pisses me off for some reason!
That's empty, you know.
It just means that, after all,
your love falls far short of our friendship.
You're the one who's naive, Asapin.
Now don't get jealous...
What did he switch?
There isn't a single millimeter for you to come between us anymore!!
M-Miyazawa?!
Wh-what's that? What do you mean?
Wh-what do I mean? Well...
What's that reaction...?
N-no way!
What's that mean? You mean you guys actually?!
J-just shut up.
You shouldn't ask about such things.
How could you?! Both of you didn't even tell me!
What are you talking about?!
Wait, Hideaki!
Did you see that?
Arima-kun made Asaba-kun cry!
Th-that's not it!
He's misunderstanding things!
Just leave him be.
I told him to leave him be,
but he ran after him anyway.
Don't say I didn't warn him.
Arima's become rather comfortable in his comedy routine with Asapin lately.
That's just not a good thing.
Could it be that we're the ones who are playing into his hands?
Really?
Can we? Can we really still be friends like before?
I'm telling you, it's nothing!
Yeah, don't worry, we'll be like before.
Really?
Um, I'm making a poetry collection,
and I want you to pick the ones you think are good. I'll print those.
Well, I still have committee work to do now...
What the hell am I doing?
I thought I knew what I was getting into,
but changing yourself into what you want is pretty hard.
If Arima and I hadn't become boyfriend and girlfriend, I wonder what would have happened to me?
If Arima hadn't appeared before me? Text:A Simulation
Well, knowing me, there's no mistake... Text:A Simulation
You just don't understand.
The most important thing about guys is their income!
Their looks come second!
Tsuki Kano:You're tough, Sis. Miyazawa:The world is about money, really!
Tsuki Kano:She doesn't need a husband. Money money!
I might have gotten myself into trouble.
Miyazawa! Miyazawa!
That's odd, where did she go?
Oh, Arima!
Do you know where Miyazawa is?
Maybe she went home?
If it's Asaba-kun I saw him walk by crying just now.
We couldn't bring ourselves to approach him.
O-oh, you can just let him be.
She promised to meet me to talk about the Culture Fair today...
Tsubasa, you know anything?
She's useless.
Oh I know, Yukinon was drinking juice at the vending machine corner with Tonami.
Oh yeah... Yeah,
Why don't you ask Tonami-kun?
Thanks
What am I doing?
Miyazawa?!
The only change that happened is that I stopped being vain,
but my greediness hasn't changed one bit.
Can this count as having changed?
I feel gypped.
Oh, that's enough.
Worrying like this is just going to get me more depressed.
What about Arima?
I wonder if he thinks about this kind of thing all the time?
My real parents vanished, leaving me, their son, behind.
I'm sure they were the shame of the family.
That a kid born from such parents would never amount to anything.
So?
I had to become a perfectly flawless person.
I absolutely had to.
At that time, something occured to me.
Could it be that what I had believed was me until then was merely a fake I had created purely by effort?
Was there another real me somewhere inside?
What if I'm a terrible person?!
What causes Arima to have dark feelings? What makes him suffer so much?
About the truth
I still don't know anything about what it really is.
Th-that's... Arima?!
No! No! I don't want to look
Why? Isn't that you? He's crying.
Are you just going to leave him like that?
If you're scared,
I'll go with you.
This is something you have to solve yourself, Arima.
I don't really know, but I have a feeling that it is.
All I can do is support you.
Come this way.
Come on. Come on! What are you doing?! You cannot do that
Arima!
Arima, that's not it.
That's not what Arima wanted.
I felt that everybody, deep down, rejects me
and that they all have malice toward me.
My current parents were the first ones to alleviate that feeling.
Even so, the thought of having people dislike me was terrifying just to imagine.
So I behaved so that nobody would dislike me, that nobody would look down upon me.
Before I knew it, I was called a model student,
I'm scared but really I was only the product of my fear of getting hurt
and my refusal to get involved too deeply with others
Arima.
Sometime I think
I don't think analyzing yourself is very reliable.
R-really?
I'm sure the reason you ended up the way you are now isn't something that can be put into words so easily.
You may not realize it,
but you've been influenced by?...many more things than you think. and you became the way you are.
And besides, what you think changes a lot depending on your mood at the time.
And I like the serious Arima too.
Even when I'm being difficult,
she humors me so easily.
Against Miyazawa, I'm like a child.
Without her, I'm...
I still have to change. Miyazawa.
I used to have almost absolute confidence,
and never thought about anyone but myself
And yet this change feels so good now.
Oh, Arima! Where's Arima?
Arima...
Hey! Arima! Arima! Hey!
I wonder if we met to change each other.
If so, by changing,
maybe we're going to lose the necessity to stay as distinct beings.
Well, that's fine too, I think.
We'd seem similar, but we'd be different in little ways.
Through repeated encounters and farewells we'll probably continue to change from now on.
Oh, is that really it, Sis?
Isn't that wrapping things up too well?
That's right!
This isn't the time to be dwelling by myself.
We haven't grasped anything definite yet!
And let's promise,
that even if that does happens some day,
that we'll never forget the things we felt together.
A review of what's happened!
Pardon our abruptness,
but our sister, the masked model student Miyazawa Yukino...
She lived only to show off in front of others,
no matter what.
She successfully played the perfect model student in public...
She's so narcissistic!
But because of a certain error on her part,
that mask was finally stripped away!
Oh she's so careless!
The one lucky, or perhaps unlucky,
enough to first find out her true identity was an unusual person named...
Arima Souichirou! (Sis's classmate)
He was also a perfect model student.
He gets excellent grades,
excels at every sport, and is generally?
and who would never make any enemies.
In addition, he was totally a Gucci?
However, he was quite a wily dude himself.
He was rather an evil schemer..
Sis is in big trouble!
But she ended up feeling love for the first time,
towards her enemy of all people, and got herself into a panic.
Sis fell into a total mess of a situation!
After being in a state of ineffectiveness...
After a lot of fuss, they make up.
They come to hold a secret as model students...
though how they became that way differed.
And later, after passing through phases as...
And, being affected by each other's lives...
We're so happy for you Sis!
Yeah but, the world isn't that simple.
That's right. Society is a cruel thing!
First, the menace of the Athletic Festival...
Following which was the appearance of the delinquent...
the Asaba Mary-Land Project!
Their long-awaited first date ends in failure...
And so forth...
Sis savors her transient happiness...
And after school when nobody was around amidst the rolling thunder, they finally
Ohmigod! What's going on?! EEEk!
God that was embarrassing.
In July of the same year...
The result was that Miyazawa Yukino, who had been faithfully yielding to her desires...
But Arima Souichirou, who had done the same...
She suspects he had played foul...
Meanwhile, the school...
But she surprisingly opposes them and firmly refuses.
The situation worsens.
However, the matter was easily...
On a roll...
Arima feels gratitude for the importance...
Meanwhile, Miyaza Yukino was about...
She was ignored by all the girls in the class led by Isawa Maho who had independently analyzed her and figured out her true nature.
There was also an attack by Shibahime Tsubasa, who had secretly liked Arima.
Although it was something that she had brought upon herself,
it was a sudden outbreak of multiple problems;
yet Miyazawa Yukino brushes aside Arima's helping hand
and dauntlessly confronts them by herself.
After a brief deadlock, she snaps due to Shibahime Tsubasa's harassment,
and loses control of herself.
She goes berserk and plunges the school into the depths of fear.
This state of absolute terror corners Shibahime Tsubasa both physically and mentally,
and the situation takes care of itself.
Miyazawa Yukino suddenly acquires friends for the first time.
A review of what's happened!
Aya, you're into humanities, so you just do whatever with it. I don't want to do it either, it's annoying.
Rika, you do it.
Who, me?
I wouldn't be able to wrap it up well.
Er, um... Maho-san, you do it!
What? I don't want to just be an exposition character either.
Oh, wouldn't she be perfect for this?
She hasn't spoken much lately anyway.
She took Arima.
Say, can I speak some more?
Go ahead.
When will Shibahime Tsubasa ever be returned from a beast to a human?
Will that day ever come?
Or is my role here over already?
What happened to the story where I introduce Kazuma to my friends?!
Well this is the only time left for me.
All joking aside...
Sorry I guess I'm just complaining.
We sympathize wholeheartedly. Ok, back to the topic at hand...
Well, lots of things happened over summer vacation.
We did the usual thing and went to a karaoke bar,
And we went to the beach.
What else did we do?
I think Yukinon went on a family trip.
Lucky. I want to go to a hot spring.
What an old-geezer...
You're still young.
So what? Those who belittle...
When you're over 25 you get to...
Really...
Come to think of it, doesn't Arima-kun seem rather weird lately?
Isn't he just being too self-conscious?
Seriously. You can't understand everything about other people.
It's questionable how much you even know about your own self.
But they seem different these days.
I wonder if they went all the way over the summer.
But they seem so unlikely to do that kind of thing.
You never know with men and women.
It's all about the mood and the timing.
Well, I wouldn't care. I'd do it if I wanted to.
It's not something you can criticize others for.
Yeah, yeah.
What is with these people...
So what are we going to do about wrapping it up?
Aren't we almost out of time now?
We should just say whatever.
The long summer vacation is over and second semester has finally started.
How's that?
Hmm, rather half-hearted...
Ok, then the mysterious transfer student,
Tonami Takefumi, appeared.
And we're still getting ready for the play...
We just finally started to get rolling on that too.
It feels like it's going to be a long 2 weeks.
My screen time was too short! My screen time! My screen time!
At least like a human! My screen time!
Ok, ok.
Well, this would do just fine.
What'll happen next!
Sis is super busy with?
But unrelated to that,
I was being followed by an unidentified shadow!
Is this what they call a stalker?!
Or is it the beginning of spring?!
what to know? See the next act!
