The story so far.
There was an incident where all the girls in the class conspired to ostracize Yukino,
at the instigation of Isawa Maho,
who had independently discovered her true character.
Meanwhile,
Shibahime Tsubasa, who had been secretly harboring feelings of love for Arima,
begins harassing her.
She was about to face the greatest crisis of her life.
The story so far.
After the deadlock that she brought upon herself,
Yukino snaps due to Tsubasa's harassment,
and her anger explodes.
She goes berserk and plunges the school into the depths of fear.
This state of absolute terror abruptly brings all problems under control,
and she acquires friends for the first time.
The story so far.
The first semester finally ends,
and Yukino is apart from Arima-kun for the time being.
In exchange, she has her debut as a friend with us,
and we go out on a partying binge.
Yukino ends up depressed
because she feels once again that her only merit is grades.
The story so far.
The joy of her debut with her friends was short lived,
and Yukino gets entangled in Tsubasa's family's squabble over the issue of remarriage.
Tsubasa wouldn't open her heart to anyone.
Seeing the family unable to reach each other...
even though they were seeking the same kind of happiness,
Yukino could do nothing but hope for Tsubasa's happiness.
The story so far.
After that, I give myself up to despair, go back home without a fuss,
and meet the other woman's son, Kazuma.
I'm appalled at his lack of worries.
However, our accidental second encounter begins to thaw my frozen heart.
That's the happy story, and we all live happily ever after.
Really? That must have been tough.
Yeah. But I'm glad things worked out for Tsubasa-chan.
It looks like she's getting along with her new brother really well.
I see.
So she has a nice brother now...
It's really hot these days. Is training camp tough?
You're in Nagano now, right? How is it?
It's a nice place.
It's hot but the breeze feels good...
and the mornings and evenings are almost cold.
You should come here some day.
The rivers and the trees are beautiful.
Arima's calm, clear voice that I can't get used to hearing over the phone...
is a... little... sexy.
Who the hell are you?
And who the hell are you?
It's Asaba-kun!
Tsukino! Kano!
And even Peropero?!
Hi, you two. You've gotten even cuter since I saw you last. You're like little faeries.
What are you doing to my angelic daughters?!
Who the hell are you?! Name yourself!
Oh, you must be Miyazawa's father.
ASSHOLE! Don't call me father!
Dear, why are you being so loud this early in the morning?
Oh, it's Asapin.'Sup?
The lady is beautiful as well...
I wish I could've met you before you met your husband.
HEY!
I don't want you as a father.
Yukino, who the hell is he? What?
He seems lewd.
Why'd you have to let him into our house?
I couldn't help it.
He came all the way to take us to the pool,
but then you had to have a tantrum and not let us go.
You fool! Of COURSE not!
If you went to the pool with a guy like that...
I could just imagine
what would happen...
NOOO...
I don't think anything would happen.
What is he thinking?
Sorry about this... after you came all the way to invite us.
I'm just sorry I can't show you my new swimsuit.
Well, that doesn't matter at all.
Here, Asaba-kun. Have some iced tea.
Sure.
This is a funny manga. Check it out.
Let's see?
Asaba-kun! Asaba-kun!
Tsukino, Kano...
you guys have gotten rather attached to Asaba.
I mean... Do you like him more than Arima?
Well...Arima-kun is like a brother.
And Asaba-kun...well...
He's kinda cute.
Yeah. What do they mean? I don't get it.
What happened to your face?
Oh, this? THIS is from Arima.
Remember on the last day of school
I teased him I was going to the pool with you? Yeah.
Then right after you left, BAM! He decked me with his bag. It was really scary.
I got a big bruise.
Oh! Male envy can be a scary thing.
Well, I like being envied.
You know how people naturally feel envy towards the most attractive people.
You say that, but it must be boring not being able to see your dearest Arima for a while.
You came over because you got lonely, didn't you?
I haven't had any appetite lately,
and I dream about Arima every night.
Well, you were always all over him.
And you slept over at his house a lot.
Don't your parents complain that you're out so much?
No. I live by myself.
Really?!
Oh, didn't I tell you?
No, you didn't!
I'm amazed your parents let you do that.
Well, I don't get along with my dad at all.
When he got transferred,
I stayed behind by myself.
I wanted to get away from them.
I bet you're thinking you asked about an awkward topic just now, right?
Don't worry about it.
I wouldn't feel hurt by something like that.
Even real parents and kids don't get along sometimes.
I've always been irresponsible and loved chicks,
and that really annoyed my conservative dad.
And I hated my dad because I thought it was stupid
how he was just uptight and didn't have a shred of humanity.
Even if you're related, you hate what you hate.
The fact that you're related just makes it worse.
Every time we approach one another, we fight.
My mom did whatever my dad said, so she wasn't any help.
Being at home sucked.
So I decided to study real hard and get into a good high school so I could stick around here.
What a relief.
Only kids from lucky homes can say
they're happy being with their families.
There are those for whom being with their family is hell,
and are better off getting away.
Well, I'm going to school at my parents' expense,
so I didn't really get away or anything.
You have a nice family.
I like kids who come from good homes.
They're easygoing and straightforward.
That may be a part of why Arima likes you.
So I like both him and you.
Every so often I get to thinking.
Arima's hard working side kind of reminds me of my dad.
I can't like my dad, but I can like Arima.
I've been able to feel better by liking him.
Now and then... that's what I think.
The boy who was abandoned by his parents,
and the boy who abandoned his parents.
What had they talked about when they were alone?
I took it for granted that families get along until now.
Alright! It's been a long time since we've been over to grandpa's place.
I bet he's the same as always.
That old fogey wouldn't change so easily.
That goes for you too, dear.
Hello, Miyazawa residence.
Oh, Arima?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Well, I guess we talked just last night.
Oh yeah, Asapin came over today.
Why? Well, to go to the pool...
No, we didn't go.
Dad flipped out and wouldn't let us.
What the heck are men thinking?
Come on, I'd rather shave my head than get seduced by Asapin.
How about you? Anything new?
No, nothing's changed.
You're not overworking yourself, are you? You're not tired?
What's this, all of a sudden?
Well of course, with this much practice I'm a bit tired.
Listening is all I can do, but...
What's the matter?
And I'm worried I might not notice anything if you don't tell me...
Thanks.
I'm okay. I'm not pushing myself too hard.
Well, but...
I really wish I could see you.
Yeah, me too.
OW!
Wh..what's wrong?! Did you hit something?
I'm okay.
I think I've gotten in a growth spurt lately,
so my body keeps creaking.
How tall are you now?
Around 172 cm (5'6)
172?! What do you mean, nothing's changed?!
You should mention stuff like that! I can't believe you!
What?! S..sorry!
But I've been getting taller since before vacation.
But that's so cool!
I can't wait to see you.
Cool...?
I felt a bit insecure.
My family's still all together, so I can only imagine these things.
But someone who was born without the things that all of us take for granted,
has to fulfill them by herself somehow.
That's the fight she has to fight.
That's really...tough. *You don't know anything about Arima!*
While no one could enter Arima's field of vision, Tsubasa alone was special.
Arima's hard working side kind of reminds me of my dad. *Because he knew somewhere in his heart,*
I can't like my dad, but I can like Arima. *that they were the same kind. Maybe Arima's more deep and*
I've been able to feel better by liking him. *chaotic inside than I thought..*
Now and then... that's what I think. *Maybe I still know only a small part of him.*
Since Arima's been gone I've come to see so many sides of him.
How much do I really know about him,
and how much do I not know?
Do I understand him fully?
At times like this, I realize...
I'm really not as strong as I thought I was.
Without Arima,
I get really insecure...and weak.
What'll happen next!
Our family goes to visit grandpa's house for the first time in ages.
And there we catch a glimpse of the tale of mom and dad's youth.
I guess everyone had to be young some time.
Endless Continuum.
