What's happened so far!
Our sister, the masked honor student Miyazawa Yukino...
She lived only to show off in front of others, no matter what.
She successfully played the perfect model student...
A really amazing girl.
But because of a certain error on her part, that mask was finally stripped away.
The one lucky, or perhaps unlucky, enough to first find out her true identity...
He was also a real model student.
He gets excellent grades, is good at every sport...
Although their pasts differed...
with dual personalities.
After passing through phases as: partners in the Student Assembly...
And these two,
being affected by each others lives...
We're so happy for you, Sis.
But the world isn't
that simple or generous.
That's right. The world is a cruel place.
The menace of the athletic festival which forced them to be super busy and not see each other...
In order to carry his ambition of the Asaba Mary-Land Project...
This delinquent, perverted hunk, is Asaba Hideaki.
The final exam grades......which resulted from their yielding to their love-power and goofing off.
Sis's one-sided feeling of estrangement occured because of this.
And on top of it all,
the interference and pressure
towards them from...
who tried to stop their grades from dropping.
Then, the incident where Sis was ignored
by all the girls in the class...
She was attacked by Shibahime Tsubasa,
who was seething with envy...
The temporary separation
with Arima due to
summer club activities.
And the blazing summer sun
beat down on the girls!
And so forth,
Sis faced up to this series of challenges,
made friends instead...
which her relationship with Arima stands.
She doesn't get discouraged easily.
So anyway, after a lot of stuff happened,
it's finally the first summer in high school.
Sis went off to have fun with the friends
she made for the first time!
They manage the standard menu of tea,
karaoke, and window shopping.
It was finally Sis's debut into the world of friends,
but as it turned out...
she was mixed up in
another family's private problems.
And what did Shibahime Tsubasa have to say at that point...?!
I won't accept remarriage.
I'll do whatever it takes to get Daddy back from that woman.
So, that's the deal.
Can she stay here for a while?
I thought so.
I figured she might do something like that.
Damn. That little monkey...
I'm glad I called. I'll be right over.
Thank you!
Yes! Comiiing!
Hi. I'm sorry that idiot caused such a problem.
Tsubasa, we're leaving!
No way!
I'm not going back there!
Until Daddy breaks up with that woman, I'm not going home!
Quit being so friggin' unreasonable, you're in someone else's house!
Get your ass ready to go right now, you damn monkey!
Shut the hell up.
I said no, didn't I?
Who do you think you are, you nympho?!
Besides, I have no further use for you.
Could you stop being so familiar with me?
What the HELL are you crying for?!
You make me wanna puke!
No! No!
Quit talking bullshit and wasting my goddamn time! We're LEAVING!
I don't wanna!
Move your ass already! I said I don't wanna!
Scary...we can't get a word in edgewise...
Things have now changed from a deadlock to something worse.
Now now...
You don't have to force her home if she doesn't want to go.
One or two more girls won't make much difference.
It's summer vacation,
so we wouldn't really mind.
Don't spoil her like that!
This is her trick!
She knows she's cute.
If you begin to indulge her, she'll take you for all she can!
Just shut up and go home already.
I want to go home.
By the way, I told your dad about this.
He said he would come straight over after work.
Huh!
You can't sulk forever.
Solve your problems yourself.
Sorry you came all the way out here for nothing.
She's such a pain!
She makes me want to hang her upside down and fix her attitude with a whip!
S M...not a world I know.
Well, I can see why she's like that though.
Tsubasa's family circumstances are pretty complicated.
Her mother died giving birth to her.
So her father cherishes Tsubasa,
but he's busy with work...
So he had to often leave her for others to look after.
Because she grew up in that kind of environment...
Her most basic emotional needs weren't being met.
Still,
she was doing okay with her father...
I could see how she'd hate it.
I don't think her needs have been met for a long, long time.
My family's still all together,
so I can only
imagine these things.
But someone who was born without the things that all of us take for granted...
That's the fight she has.
That's really kinda tough.
You don't know
anything about Arima!
Arima knew how she felt.
That's why he thought of Tsubasa like a sister.
In those days,
Arima couldn't spare time to love somebody.
He had his hands full staying perfect and burying his past in the depths of his memory.
While no one could enter Arima's field of vision,
Tsubasa alone was special.
Because he knew,
somewhere in his heart, that they were the same kind.
Those two make a pretty picture together...
A really pretty picture...
But somehow, it feels sad.
I don't think I've ever seen Tsubasa really smile from her heart.
Things are a mess now...
I hope that everything goes right,
and she can become happy.
I bet she'd be really cute when she smiles from her heart.
Thanks for seeing me off,
and sorry for all the trouble.
Take good care of that monkey.
Right.
You don't know anything about Arima!
Maybe Arima's deeper and more chaotic inside than I thought.
Maybe I still know only a small part of him.
Let's eat!
Dinner! Dinner!
Please have as much as you want, okay?
It's summer, so you won't last if you don't eat.
This isn't anything special, but...
Oh, please, don't mind us.
I guess that's easier said that done.
Gee, um...
Dad, why are you blushing?
Eww, what are you thinking?
He's such a perv! Riiight?
I can't believe this family...
This is it!
Yay! Blue 1.
Blue 8.
Blue 3!
Blue 2.
Blue 0.
I'm sorry, dear...Draw Four!
Right off the bat?! Fine, fine, I'll just
take my four cards.
Will this be the greatest crisis in the marital relationship?!
Okay, Green 5.
Heh heh heh heh...Skip!
Tsukino, that's mean!
Green 1.
Okay, wild to Yellow!
Nice, dear!
Leave the yellow to me! I have lots of yellow cards!
The marital relationship is restored already!
Well then, Yellow 4.
Skip skip, tra-la-la!
Not again!
Sorry. Reverse.
All right! Sorry, Tsukino...Skip!
What?!I can't beleive this!
Then here's Yellow 2.
Yellow 8.
Draw Two!
Uno.
What?!
This really sucks!
I swear by my family name, that I'll stop her at all costs!
Oh no! I can't do it!
Wait, wait, why do I have so many cards?
No problemo!
I have a big hand, too, so I have all sorts of cards in here! Here, Reverse! *Alright!*
You saved us, Dad!
I wonder if this is what a normal family is like.
I wonder if Arima was attracted to that about her, too.
A happy family that seems to know nothing about suffering.
I can't take this now.
I can't help but feel annoyed by them.
Isn't it painful for Arima when he's around this family...?
Comiiing!
Forgive me for visiting at this late hour.
What a HOT father!
I guess I'd expect that from Tsubasa's father.
What a finely structured face.
I don't know what to say...
Now now, I'm sure you have a lot to talk about.
Please come in and we can discuss it at length.
Well, excuse me...
Mr. Shibahime!
Excuse me...
But kind of a klutz.
It appears there was some emotional disagreement...
That the matter has come to trouble you here...
I totally understand that feeling.
How daughters don't want their
dad to be taken by someone else!
Dad, shut up.
Don't butt in.
My wife passed away shortly after giving birth to my daughter.
We've been managing by ourselves somehow since then...
But recently, my daughter had a skateboarding accident
in which she hit a brick wall...
I became extremely anxious about our current life...
Then I was greatly encouraged by this woman here,
who was working as a nurse in the ward.
Upon talking to her, I found out that her husband had passed away leaving her with a son...
So we had a lot in common.
I had been thinking that she was such a cool professional woman.
But then I started to get self-conscious around her...
When Tsubasa was released from the hospital...
The Nemuri Kyoushirou series was playing...
And the Tange Sazen series is good, too.
This is beside the point...
And then on TV we like epic sagas...
and the last days of the shogunate...
The Edo Untouchables and The Fang Edo.
We had the exact same tastes,
and so we hit it off...
Who asked you to start babbling about
how you started dating?!
True!
So I thought it might not be a bad idea to consider remarriage.
I thought that everyone would be happier that way.
But why do you keep rebelling without even considering it?
Because I don't need a new family.
Don't just assume you know what makes me happy.
I don't want strangers coming into our house.
I don't want them messing around in our kitchen.
I don't want to see you laughing with some other woman!
I can't think of her as my mother!
I like things the way they are!
Tsubasa, do you hate me?
Yeah. You suck up and play mother...
You're obviously just trying to win points for yourself.
Tsubasa!
It's okay. Tsubasa, that's not true.
I only have a son,
so it makes me happy to be able to care for a girl.
I wish you were my real daughter.
True...
I'd want to be the mother of a girl that cute just once, too...
Just what do you mean by that?!
Don't make me sick.
You're just trying to make him marry you.
There aren't many handsome, rich guys like him around.
Tsubasa, that's enough!
Apologize to Ikeda!
Why?!
Why're you always taking her side?!
Why don't you listen to me at all?!
For ever and ever, just the two of us!
Why do you yell at me as if I'm the only one being selfish?!
Why won't you understand my feelings at all?!
Tsubasa...
Don't touch me, bitch.
He...he hit me...
He's never ever hit me before.
Um, things being the way they are, shall we take care of your daughter tonight?
But, well...
It's better to leave her alone at a time like this.
All right...Tsubasa, it's not that I don't love you anymore.
When I found out you were in an accident,
I thought I'd go mad.
Having lost your mother,
I felt like I couldn't go on if I were to lose you, too.
It was really hard, carrying on alone with that burden of fear on my shoulders.
I'm only human. Imperfect...
I wanted someone for support.
To keep living from now on.
I'm not getting married right this minute or anything.
But I want you to think about it with me.
Because if we all think together...
I'm dreadfully sorry, causing one imposition after another...
Not at all!
We weren't very good hosts ourselves.
Life can be tough, but hang in there!
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Hey, you two even if your mother dies, I'll never get remarried, okay?
Hey, don't bury me just yet!
That's right! There's a watermelon in the fridge!
Daddy, your face reminded us!
Thanks! Let's chow down! Everyone loves watermelon...
Having a sad dream. Why am I here, too?
Tsubasa. Tsubasa, you're my treasure.
I love you more than anything in the world.
I love you more than anyone.
That's what he said before,
but now that woman's more important
to him than I am.
Maybe it's become a burden to raise me.
Maybe he wants to get away from me.
Of course not.
You do understand, don't you?
They all care about you.
Men...I hate them all.
They're nice to you,
but they always end up choosing some other woman.
I wish someone would appear someday
and fulfill Tsubasa's needs.
Good job.
Nice work.
Okay!
Kazuma, man, you're not bad!
We can't just waste you as a temp!
We'll give you stage time so you should sing more.
Wow, can I? Awesome!
Damn, swell headed already!
Just started high school, too!
This ain't funny! Kiss'im already!
Hey, cut it out!
You guys are all sweaty!
Say, I heard that your mom might be getting remarried?
What, for real?
That's complex.
Yeah, well, it ain't my business.
If it makes Mom happy,
I'm all for it.
I see.
You're such a good son.
That's big of you, Zumappie. Want a kiss?
They're nice guys,
but just a bit on the beastly side.
No way I can tell'em that
the guy has a daughter my age.
If we all think together...
What'll happen next!
Sis can't do anything about
another's family problems!
And after accusing others and running away from her problems...
What will the arrival of Ikeda Kazuma bring for her?!
Next time on KareKano: The Subjectivity of Happiness.
I want a boyfriend, too.
