What's happened so far!
Our sister, the masked model student Miyazawa Yukino,
gets her weakness found out by Arima-kun...
Feeling love for the first time helps to put Sis into big trouble...
The two of them settle into being friends for the time being.
The story so far.
Suddenly, Arima begins to treat Miyazawa Yukino coldly.
Yukino feels bewildered by his unreasonable treatment.
Unable to specify the cause, she resorts to ignoring him as he did her, for self-satisfaction.
But her behavior gets results,
and Arima reveals his past and true feelings to Yukino.
Yukino listens to it all,
and receives a confession of his love once again.
The story so far.
Missing her chance to respond to Arima's reconfession of his love,
Yukino develops plans to confess her feelings to him;
but they end up failing in every case.
Upon realizing that this was due to cowardice
from not wanting to get hurt,
she summons her courage and replies to him not with words, but with her heart.
And the two finally become a couple.
The story so far.
The two become a publicly recognized couple.
However, the menace of the Athletic Festival,
which made them busy and kept them apart
and the appearance of the wanton perverted hunk, Asaba Hideaki,
who picked on Yukino and plotted to use Arima
to fulfill his ambition, the Asaba Mary-Land
and such things come to stand in her way.
The story so far.
Due to the failure of their first date,
the two fervently fill their days with trysts.
However, driven by a daily increasing fear of losing Yukino...
Arima suddenly finds himself embracing
her amidst the rolling thunder.
Yukino accepts him.
And their lips finally meet.
What's happened so far!
Sis's midterm exam ranking drops
because she had been abandoning herself to her desires!
The school, taking the matter seriously...
calls them down and tries to talk them out of their relationship.
But she unexpectedly rebels and steadfastly refuses.
However, the situation is overthrown with dad's words.
The end!
The story so far.
One day, Miyazawa Yukino visits the empty Arima residence
and lets herself experience the second kiss. And another piece of Arima's past becomes clear.
What'll happen next!
Various situations are finally brought to an end and Sis gets to settle down for a bit.
And so continue the days of dependence on connection to Arima through a modern convenience, the telephone.
And the reappearance of Asaba-kun brings about a change within her.
Next time on KareKano,
That Which is Visible Behind A Voice
and one more!
