My fingertips tingle softly.
It spreads throughout my entire body like blood,
and bliss fills everything.
I know when he approaches without having to look.
Wherever he is,
I can always feel his presence.
Is the one with this special power...
Or is it me, who loves him so?
Miyazawa.
Um, you're... Tonami-kun!
You sure are early.
You have practice or something?
No, I wasn't getting into my morning studying,
so I thought I'd do it at school.
My, how ambitious...
Oh, yeah, I have a favor to ask.
What?
Miyazawa.
Are you friends with Sakura's gang in 1-D?
Yeah, I am.
If they ever ask you if I'm the same Tonami who was in their middle school,
I want you to say you don't know.
Why?
Well you know, this and that.
How INTERESTING! What's going on? Tell me! Tell me why! (Text:Tell me! Tell me! Arrrg)
Get away from me!
Women are always so nosy!
They want to know everything
Tell me! Tell me!
Let go! Let go of me now!
Oh, and one more thing.
Huh?
A weirdo like you doesn't suit Arima at all!
What?! Is that how you talk to someone of whom you've asked a favor?!
I don't want to hear that from you! You're the worst!
You don't suit Arima either!
Say, do you know where Miyazawa-san and Isawa-san are?
Gee, they were just here a moment ago.
Oh, okay. Thanks.
They got away.
Sheesh, if she keeps coming by everyday like this we can't sit peacefully in class.
Why me?
I wish she'd give up already.
What?! Is she here?!
Is she coming?!
Hey, wait! wait! wait!!
AAAh
Run for it!
Two unfinished drinks...
According to tips from outside sources,
there's no doubt they were here just now.
Considering their past trend in escape routes,
the place where they would likely go to next is...
If we just stay here for a while...
Fancy meeting you in a place like this.
I won't do it.
A play is just unreasonable.
Come on, I'm not here for that today.
I just wanted to chat with you two.
Really?
Really
See, I don't have the screenplay on me, do I?
I said no!
Wait! Wait up, Yukinon!
That's odd, where'd they go?
Hey, have you see Miyazawa-san?
Th-they went that way.
Thanks.
Yeah right!
I didn't think so.
Did you really think it would work?
Stop! Stop, I say! You could at least listen!
In here!
No way?!
I wonder if we lost her.
She's really persistent today.
How can we get her to give up?
I know, I could say I'll be busy on the Culture Fair committee and I won't have the time.
Not fair! Trying to save yourself?! What about friendship? Friendship?!
Forgive me...
Arima-kun's on the kendo team too.
Found you.
You found us.
The play.
I finally cornered you today. You keep sneaking around...
You're going to hear me out today.
We don't have to hear you out, we're not doing it.
You could at least listen!
You're lying!
Those eyes tell us you're trying to snare us in by hook or by crook!
Acting in front of people isn't our style!
Style? Well that's strange, Yukinon.
Although you've come out of the closet, are you saying that you,
the masked girl who acted as the beautiful model student all these years,
can't act in front of people?
You must know the ecstacy you feel of having others under your spell
the moment you become someone not yourself.
Have you really forgotten?
Can you forget those days full of praise, in these mundane times?
You cannot go on living without acting!!
Shut up!
I'm not going to be tricked by the magic of words!
No, no, no, I said no!
Tsubasa-chan, you're not going to act either, right?
I don't mind.
What?!
She's been bought off...
It's not like she's in kindergarten any more...
And so...
C'mon! Let's do it!
Share the sweet dream with me!
No!
If you want to do it so much, do it yourself!
But I don't fit the image for the story!
No, no, I won't do it!
So it's no use.
No use, No use.
I knew that it was sudden too.
I'd really wanted to see it live, with visuals.
Whew.
She finally gave up.
I wanted to see it too.
Everyone would have been perfect for it.
I wanted to make the costumes for the professor and the android.
Professor? Android?
I don't want to waste it, so I'll convert it into a novel and have my editor take a look at it.
Want to read it anyway?
If we don't have to do it, I'd really like to see it.
I was wondering what kind of stories you write.
Being a student author is so cool!
Show me the books you've been published in some time.
Sci-Fi?
Maybe.
It's Earth in the far future.
Androids have gone into mass production and are living among us.
They do everything from making our food and doing our work, and care for our lives in general.
But it's not at all strange.
The androids are what evolved out of our current computers and security systems.
One of the characters is the Professor.
He's a genius scientist who created the core of all the androids made on Earth.
And then there's Antique, an old model robot he first created.
And finally there's Neomodel, the newest android built upon series of advances.
The story begins when Neomodel visits the Professor's house.
The Professor had left the forefront of the field, and has been living for a long time
on a distant planet with Antique, without seeing anyone.
Why?
You get to read it and find out.
Wow, that's amazing.
How do you come up with this stuff?
I think I do well in school,
but I could never think up anything like that.
It's precisely because I don't do as well in school as you.
People who can't get a living on grades have to polish their redeeming features.
She says that,
but it's still amazing.
Neomodel is so cool.
You're perfect for it.
Tsubasa-chan fits really well as Antique too.
What do you want?
The gym's being used by the sports teams now.
The other students are supposed to keep out.
I joined the basketball team.
So I think we'll be seeing a lot of each other from now on.
Nice to meetcha.
Whoa, Tsubaki! Who was that guy?
He's so cool!
He's this dude named Tonami who just transfered into 1-B.
But he sure seemed to know you well for someone who just transferred.
Do you know him?
Hell no. Never seen him before.
I'll buy it with my credit card!
Ha, Ha. This is my dog, Christine!
Stop it! Stop it, Sakura!
Hey hey hey! Whatcha staring at?!
Don't tell me you're interested in me?!
What are they doing over there?
We can't practice like this, so stop it.
Yo, quit walking next to me.
You're hogging the damn hallway.
Why should I step aside for you?!
I'm going this way too.
Out of my way!
You get out of my way!
I want to walk with a cuter girl.
I want to walk with a girl too.
Why do I get stuck with this stinking...
H-hey, Tonami.
What.
Were you...
Were you...
What?
No way.
Never mind.
That's right. Notice me, notice me.
When you can't ignore me any more as someone who...
Hey! Tonami-kun!
So, why do I have to hide the fact that you went to the same junior high as Tsubaki's gang? I really wanna know.
What's this?
He told me so this morning.
Well, I have my reasons.
Arima, could you not tell Sakura's gang that I'm the same Tonami either?
Why?
Who do you think this is?
Which rich brat is this?
Hmm... Looks kind of familar?
It's me.
WHAT!?!
I knew that.
But, but...
Does he always carry these pictures around?
I used to be slow, the stereotypical kid who got picked on.
I especially took humiliating treatment from Sakura as her personal servant.
She made me her go-fer, bagboy, desk wiper, driver,
homework-boy, lunch-boy (made me trade lunches with her).
she took my CDs, made me tape TV shows for her, and measured my body fat!
How terrible... I can just see her doing that.
Right? She's a demon!
When I transferred, I decided that I was going to be a changed man when I came back.
That I would be a totally different person.
And that I was going to get my revenge on Sakura!
Ooh, Edmond! Edmond Dantes! (The Count of Monte Cristo)
I don't know about revenge and calm down, Miyazawa.
My days of training were so harsh.
Early morning jogs, weights, swimming,
watching my diet, improving my grades,
revolutionizing my looks!
I sweated blood in order to abandon the old me!
He sure reminds me of somebody...
How wonderful...
I feel like I know you.
So you are a person who polished second class material into first class through effort as well.
You too? (Text:Friendship)
Ok. In deference to your hard work,
I'll pretend I don't know.
All right! Just you wait, Sakura!
And I want to see their battle too.
I run 5 kilometers every morning.
Although I could easily pull 10 km. I ran all the way to the next town.
Tonami-kun's a pretty interesting person.
This is the first time I've ever met someone like me.
Although in my case, the motive was vanity.
I see.
Did you not like it that I was friendly with someone else?
Did I leave you out?
Not really.
I know! Come this way.
Why?
Just come with me.
Sit, sit.
Okay!
What're you going to-
What, what?!
Just sit still.
There there. I'm sorry.
I love you more than anyone.
You're a genius.
I'm the one who couldn't go anywhere without you.
Um, by the way, I'm okay now, you can...
Just a little more.
It feels so good holding your head.
Aw, I said that's enough!
I'm the one who can't let go.
Sometimes I can't even tell myself.
Could it be that I'm an android too?
Maybe someone made me into a machine after that accident,
and I'm the only one...
Thinking that, I slit my wrists countless times.
I doubt even the androids, which cannot be disloyal.
Suspicion, dissatisfaction, envy, self-preservation,
discrimination, superiority, self-consciousness, arrogance...
What I realized after I created the androids
is the figure of the creator inferior to the androids.
I love you all with all my heart.
But I can't help hating you.
I dreamed about it. Pure hearts and polluted hearts.
The mediocre life before becoming a genius,
and the life after becoming a genius.
Grittiness and equanimity.
The Professor's suffering, torn between things that always oppose each other?
Damn, it makes me think it would be fun to act it out...
Sis finally resigns herself and decides to take part in Aya-chan's play.
But unrelated to that,
Tonami Takefumi's revenge was progressing slowly but surely.
And the friendship between him and Sis deepens.
And then Arima-?!
