Summery script translated by Camille's fan 207 Edited by SonPanSat
Summery In the present, at Kanagawa perfecture, In an ordinary town, this story takes place. The main character of this story: Miyazawa Yukino (1st year) appeared as a beautiful, smart, talented, moral, elegant, graceful, and well educated girl. But in reality, due to her vanity, she was keeping apperances of a model student in front of people.
On one bright Sunday, she carelessly revealed herself to Arima Souichiro (1st year). He uses her weak point to make her help him in his work. After a while, she explodes and he stops using her. But, because he was just using that as an excuse to be close to her they reconcile. After that, they were together more often and formed a new friendship. It seemed that everything was going well. And so...
July: The final exams end.
Arima Souichirou was accepted into this school with the highest score on the entrance exam.
Miyazawa Yukino became the top of the class on the following midterms.
The two stood out far from the others.
Surely, anyone would've thought they'd become good rivals for the next three years vying to become the valedictorian.
But now, there's...
Hey, you two, keep it down!
It's Sunday! You'll bug the neighbors.
But it's been so LONG since we've gone out with you!
I'm so happy!
That's true. I haven't been paying much attention to them since entering high school.
*During that time, she was paying attention to Arima.* I haven't been paying much attention to them since entering high school.
I can't believe they're this excited.
I guess I've got to play with them more.
Hit it, Bro! Hell yeah!
Sorry for dropping by on a Sunday.
Not at all.
My parents are out anyway. Come in.
Hi there.
So this is our older brother...
So, what're they going to do with the sunflowers?
Well, they're in charge of taking care of the animals in their Jr. high...
And their hamsters are breeding like crazy.
So everyone's supposed to increase the supply of sunflower seeds to feed them.
But I'm really glad you're letting us borrow your yard.
Our yard alone isn't big enough.
We're overgrown with sunflowers this year.
Well, that's okay. Middle school is pretty fun. *Pero-Pero, hurry up and come here.*
Yo. Well, if it isn't Miyazawa.
Oh, my god! What the hell are you doing here?!
Damn, you look nasty!
He's been staying over since yesterday.
Last night, I SLEPT with Arima...
In the same room.
Arima got REALLY lewd last night.
The only thing that's lewd is your brain.
Tsukino, Kano...this pervert is dangerous, so don't get too close to him, okay?
Arima?!
Okay!
Should I dig here, too?
By the way, are you naked under that?
*Come, Wooflar!* *His name's Pero-Pero!* Miyazawa?
How'd finals go?
They didn't go that well.
You too, huh?
Oh, really?
We were goofing off pretty hard.
Well, I guess that's okay.
We goofed off knowing the consequences.
That's okay, but...
I don't really like handing over the place at the top to someone else...
But it's okay.
I was much happier being with you.
Miyazawa...
At that time, we were the very picture of peace.
I thought there was nothing that could come between us.
We did slide a bit, didn't we?
Oh, well.
Come on, Let's go have lunch. Miyazawa?
How'd you come in third when I came in thirteenth?
*A wide, deep gulf appears between them already.* You've been studying behind my back!
Why're you being so defensive?
I've been tricked!
I didn't think Arima was some grade grubbing nerd, who would secretly study!
I said I didn't do that!
Calm down a moment!
Just yesterday you said I was more important than studying!
I never said anything like that!
Arima Souichirou and Miyazawa Yukino of class 1-A...
I repeat,
Arima Souichirou and Miyazawa Yukino of class 1-A...
I wonder what it is?
I really thought that nothing could come between us.
How may we be of assistance, Mr. Kawashima?
It's the first-year dean.
What's with this elaborate setup?
You look as though you don't know
why you've been called here.
That's hardly surprising.
You two have never had any business in here before.
You two are extremely talented students.
Your grades and your attitudes leave nothing to be desired.
I'm looking forward to the day when you become people...
Now then.
Yes.
Have you two seen the results from finals?
Yes. We were just looking at them.
Your grades have dropped considerably.
It's not like you.
What could be the cause of this?
It's the result of my own negligence.
Is it the same for you, Arima?
Yes.
I intend not to let this happen again in the future.
I see.
By the way, I recently heard a certain rumor.
I'm wondering if there's any truth to it.
That you two are currently more than just friends...
That would cause you to neglect your studies, wouldn't it?
Is that what you called negligence?
Is this an interrogation?
We have no obligation to answer that question!
Of course, we have no desire to meddle in students' private relationships.
However, you two...
You two have too bright a future ahead of you.
You are people who must think about their future.
Teacher, I want to ask...
In other words, you consider our relationship to be undesirable.
I suppose so.
That it's harmful to our future?
To put it plainly, yes.
You two should understand the foolishness of taking risks now.
As teachers, we cannot afford to overlook this.
This is for the sake of your futures.
Your futures are too important.
Your studies should come first right now.
Until just a little bit ago, it was fun being the model student.
I was a crafty, scheming child to begin with.
That was wonderful!
Everyone,
let's try hard, so we can all play as well as Yukino, okay?
Okaaay!
It's a really big help having you lead the class like this.
Yes. Thank you very much!
Ooh, how cute!
Okay, Yukino, see you tomorrow!
Even the teacher is ga-ga over me!
Captivating grown-ups is easier than taking candy from a baby.
I loved to scheme since way back when.
I wanted to make myself look good more than anything.
No one knew how I stayed up until 1 am practicing the recorder...
I said that I loved reading things like Momo by Michael Ende...
I could care less about love, friendship, or trust.
Polishing my techniques for
making myself appear marvelous was
the joy of my life.
I had some bizarre personality,
but I wasn't worried at all.
Because I was gifted.
I was confident that I was doing well.
That I was living the smart life.
I was on the fast track to be a high-ranking politician or lawyer.
I was rushing down the elite course, the runway of life, the main road, while everyone cheered.
It was great. I had no doubts whatsoever.
What other wonderful life was there?
But...But...
I found out later that I hadn't understood anything after all.
Figures.
After all, the two top students in the grade both had their grades slide at once.
Crud! I hadn't thought about this part.
I presume you two are sorry about these grades as well.
Stop going out with each other and concentrate on studying.
But, sir, I certainly understand your concerns.
Even so,
I'm not satisfied that you have sufficient reason to intervene this far.
I find it far more perplexing that you don't understand.
Are you saying you'd rather waste the three important years that decide your future?
But...
You can go out with each other after you get into college.
You two need to think about your future more...
I refuse. I don't like to do that kind of thing.
Of course, I understand how you feel.
But people must sometimes make sacrifices for their objectives.
You don't get second chances in life.
You two are gifted.
You can have any life you want in the future.
Even if it seems unreasonable now...
Just work on polishing yourselves for now.
It's only three years.
I know that.
I thought the same way until just a while ago.
I thought that was the smart way to live.
But I was wrong.
That's a cunning way to live.
I never hesitated because I thought that
I was being the smartest that way.
But then I met Arima.
He was the first friend who smiled at the real me.
I found out for the first time what it felt like to be accepted by someone else.
The thrill of laughing with someone else.
How important something I hadn't even glanced at before could be.
Now I wonder if being the model student
was such a good thing.
Miyazawa! What kind of way is that to talk to your teacher?! Apologize immediately!
I believe that's enough.
I'm not satisfied with your reasons either.
We'll study.
We'll prove that we can do both.
In which case, I trust there'll be no problem?
Don't forget what you've just said.
Return to your classroom.
I had no idea you two were thinking that way.
Well, the sweet talented beauty image just went out the window.
I bet the teachers were totally floored.
But why'd they have to yell at us like that? *Yeah, well...*
There's nothing to worry about.
All we have to do is get grades they can't complain about.
Besides, we're trying to change into our real selves.
There's bound to be a bit of conflict.
I guess so. At any rate, I guess we have to study.
Yeah. The security of someone being there for me.
When I'm with Arima, it's nothing but blue skies.
I can honestly feel that I'm right.
That's why I feel so fortunate that I met Arima.
Even if I get praised by others or even if I get first place, I could never feel like this.
I'm home.
Oh, Yuki.
Did something happen to you at school today?
I got a phone call from your school this afternoon.
They said they had something they wanted to report directly to the parents...
I wonder what it could be about?
But there are still many problems left over.
Morning.
Morning.
Why'd they have to go this far?
There was no reason to call our parents in.
Arima has a complicated history,
and he really cares about his uncle and aunt who raised and loved him instead of his real parents.
It must really hurt to have to worry them.
I'm sorry.
It's my fault for talking back without thinking and making the teachers mad.
Of course not...lt's not your fault.
I thought the same way you did.
How about you?
Did your parents scold you?
Say what?
We got called into school about Yukino?
Thirteenth place in finals...
I'll go to her school tomorrow.
Me, me! I want to go, too!
Why do you want to go so badly?
It's for the sake of my dear little daughter.
And...
I like having to fight for the sake of love!
Mom and Dad had to fight in the old days, since we married young.
When I asked your mother's father for her hand in marriage, he beat me up.
You were a bloody pulp.
War with the teachers, is it?
I tremble with eagerness!
Hey, don't make things worse!
Don't worry, your father used to take karate!
Once he gets serious...
That's not it!
Dear, let's take weapons! Weapons!
Good idea!
Dad!
Both of us will go tomorrow, so just leave it to us!
Don't worry!
No, they didn't scold me. I'm fine.
Damn! It's still MAJOR trouble!
My parents are coming! You can never tell what they're going to do!
Why can't we just do things the way we want?
I know studying is important.
But...
I couldn't enjoy being the best like that.
Besides, there's something I want to cherish more than that now.
I was really glad when you defied the teachers.
We won't be discouraged by this sort of thing...
But the world is rather annoying.
I want to be more like myself.
I want to stay free.
They don't understand even that.
Ah, Mr. Miyazawa.
Thank you for all you've done for our son.
Don't rush things!
Nice tackle...
I think you knocked my guts out.
I can't believe you!
Now now, not in public.
Now then, the reason I have asked your parents to join us today...
Both of them possess incredible academic talent.
Surely, you also have high hopes for their futures.
Yes Yes... *Dad...*
But now, these two have erred in their judgement.
That they were so absorbed in their relationship before finals...
Can this be seen as anything other than a mistake?!
They're about to stray from the proper path.
I want them to hear from their parents as well...
That getting swayed by temporary emotions is not something smart people should do.
Sir, please take that back!
Souichirou...
They completely refuse to hear what we tell them.
I would like you to convince them.
But, sir...
the proper path if they have a relationship?
Why...?!
It's showing in their grades already.
Aren't you worried about your daughter's future?
But you know, Yukino's really too smart to be our daughter, right?
Right...
It's a bit annoying.
Up until now, our daughter has chosen everything she does by herself.
I've never told her to do what I say.
Of course, I understand what you're saying.
But...
I feel that repressing children and forcing them to study
would limit their potential.
I believe children have a right to think and feel freely.
Studying is very important.
But a single day in high school is far more...
So you're saying you don't mind?
That you don't care if your children come to regret it later?
Does that include you, too, Mr. Arima?
Yes.
He's already given us so much.
All we could ever do is praise him...
And even if there will be a day when he faces difficulty in the future...
It looks like even my folks had reasons for what they do.
I guess he wasn't just an overgrown little brother. *She vaguely saw her father that way.*
Yukino, Yukino!
Mom and Dad are going for tea with the Arima's.
Later!
Yuki, soak the rice for me!
Dad, keep it down at school!
Pardon me for keeping you waiting.
Let's go, shall we?
What do you think? *My wife knows of a wonderful cafe around here...*
Shall we tell him?
Well, they were doing their jobs in being worried about us after all.
Now this is the sort of thing a true model student worries about!
Sir...
What is it? You haven't left yet?
We're sorry for saying such rude things.
We intend to study properly.
Do what you think is best.
Students these days often have no idea what they're thinking.
I was happy to be up against students with some backbone for a change.
Be careful on your way home.
There are things that don't go smoothly.
But sometimes, you come to see things because they don't go smoothly.
Shall we go? Yeah.
We're still just small, nameless flowers.
Just small, barely budding things supported by something larger.
But we dream...
beneath the clear blue skies.
What'll happen next!
Sis finally got accepted by the school as a couple.
That day, when no one else was around...
Could this be a development in their relationship?!
A Day in Her Life (plus one other)
