I've been thinking, and well,
I thought maybe I could do the play after all...
Really? You'll do it?
Yeah, I thought, if I was going to keep thinking...
Uh-huh! I'm so glad!
It'll be my debut as an actress.
Yay, it's going to be on stage!
No! I don't want to be involved in such an after school special thing!
Maho-san!
Maho, you thought that screenplay was good too, didn't you?
The characters were originally inspired...
No matter what we always say about her, Aya-chan really observes us well.
Ever since I read it,
the Professor's been inside my head, and talks.
This must mean that the role is starting to come alive inside you.
It's wonderful.
I can do a task that is given to me,
but I've never created something myself,
So come on, let's do it.
If you would be there, I'd feel much braver.
I'm not doing it.
What's your problem?
That's my stomach...
You're the one who got the whole class to ignore me!
I act bright and cheerful,
but I've been afraid of people since then. Just a little distrust of humanity...
No fair!
Once your heart is wounded it never goes away.
You're lying! Lying! Goddammit!
Maho-san said she'd do it too. (Text:She realized that resistance was futile)
A play put on by interested students?
Yes. Do you know what we'd need to do?
Do you know?
No...
I hear our school's theater club ceased to exist a long time ago.
But this might be difficult.
A play would use a stage for a couple hours, right?
Something like a food stand would be a different story,
but the brass band and the music ensembles wouldn't like that at all.
You can't just say you want to do it, there are things that are physically impossible to do in a play.
Even for you, Miyazawa-san.
And you're all beginners right? Are you sure you can pull it off?
I wonder if this was too sudden after all.
No, just leave this to me! Negotiating is my area of expertise.
I'll work something out.
Ooh?You're so reliable!
They told you it wouldn't work,
I'm not going to do anything to help.
All I'm going to do is say my lines, got it?
Ooh, scary.
Maho-san's reverting to her old punk ways.
Wow, so you're really going to do it.
Yeah, but it's hard to be aggressive to the Student Council President by myself.
I hate to ask when you're busy,
I'd do anything for you.
Do you think the PTA would like the story?
Yeah, theme-wise?
In that case, you should get the teachers on your side.
Getting teachers with power to recommend that it's appropriate to be performed at...
Oh yeah! I knew I could count on you.
Arima, you're so good to have around.
What?
Just call on me whenever you're busy. I'll help out.
Oh yeah Miyazawa, I got my hands on a bit of inside information about the Asaba Hideaki Dinner Show.
Say what?! 1-F has totally hardened their...
What kind of seductive stage are they planning?
Come on baby! Ole!
Come on baby!
Takarazuka?!
Come on!
What?! Julie?!
Casablanca!
Character goods!
Notebooks, pencil boards, pencil cases, telephone cards,
celphone straps, watches, ballpoint pens, laminated cards, posters,
handkerchiefs, charms, keychains, diaries, 1/6 scale figures!
A specially made picture book and fanzines.
Oh boy, that'll sell.
Asapin Official Guidebook!
Asapin Calendar?!
Asapin Illustrated
Asapin Poetry Collection?
Arima-kun!
Going to practice?
No, the reference room.
Arima-kun, I heard you won the Interhigh!
You really are amazing!
Can I come watch you practice some time?
It's not worth seeing.
Perhaps he's in a bad mood.
What do you think?
Sawada wrote this?
My specialty is math so I'm not...an expert at literature,
Nope,
I just wrote down whatever popped in my head and dressed it up as I saw fit.
It's just a bunch of lies.
It's a work into which Sawada-san gave her all to express the themes she wanted to entreat!
So you're saying you'd like to do this at the Culture Fair?
I think it's good.
This is the sort of thing appropriate for the Culture Fair.
I'll give it my recommendation.
Thank you very much.
And about the procedures in going about actually making it work...
we don't really know what to do, so we would like your guidance.
It would be best to get a teacher to be an advisor.
You have such a fine work here.
You could get this qualified as a temporary club.
Oh yeah! So we have to find a teacher who would be willing to be our advisor.
But who?
Shouldn't it be one of the literature teachers?
I don't know if there's someone we could ask.
I don't know any of them that well...
And we definitely want someone who has influence in the Student Council and among the faculty.
When I was a student I did a small amount of acting...
That is, only if you think I'd be suitable...
That's it!
Yay! We're so lucky that we got Mr. Kawashima!
He is the Dean of our class! (Text:Power)
Power! He has power!
Hee hee hee...Just leave it to me... Now I can get us whatever budget we want!
We think Yukinon's more helpful than anyone else...
I always thought that Mr. Kawashima was scary.
But he's a really nice teacher when you talk to him.
Attention, all students.
The application deadline for groups.participating in the Culture Fair is today at 3 o'clock.
Any group who has not submitted it should come...
Attention, all students.
The application deadline for groups
participating in the Culture Fair is today at 3 o'clock.
Any group who has not submitted it should come to...
Here! I brought the application.
I also have Mr. Kawashima's recommendation letter.
Our members are Sawada Aya, Shibahime Tsubasa,
Isawa Maho, and Miyazawa Yukino.
We're going to put on a play.
Hey hey, have you heard?
Miyazawa-san and Shibahime-chan...are going to do a play.
Yeah, I heard!
I wonder what it'll be about?
I want to see it.
I want to see it!
Miyazawa-san!
We'll definitely go see it.
Ok, but don't worry, I'll help out on the class event too.
Maho, you're going to play a guy?!
I bet you'd look studly!
Tsubasa-chan! You're so cute!!
We'll go see you!
Too noisy!
So scary! But cute!
What?! Sis is going to be in a play!?
Fantasizing
Yaay! Let's go see! Let's go see!
No, you don't have to come.
I'm surprised you decided to do it.
One of my friends is a writer and when I read it, it was interesting, so...
Really? What's her name?
Oh, I borrowed one of her books.
She's called Sawai Ayaki,
but that's her penname.
Sawai Ayaki?!?
Wh-what's the matter, Kano?
Sawai Ayaki's the person who wrote that story you were sobbing over the other day!
No way, she's your friend?!
I'm definitely going to see it!
Introduce me to her! Let me see the script!
O-okay, okay.
Dear! Let's go to Akihabara tomorrow!
We-we have to buy an appliance like a camcorder!
What about your colleagues?
Will see Ayaki-sama...
Aya-chan must be amazing.
Guess I'll do my best too.
Yo, everyone's talking about how you're doing a play.
Is that really?
That's right.
You sure you can handle it?
I bet you're going to forget your lines the moment it starts.
Don't jinx me!
I'll be fine.
I'm used to talking in public from Student Council.
I'd think the Student Council and a play are totally different things. Hee hee hee...
Meanie.
Anyways, what I do doesn't matter.
What about you and your revenge?
Are you doing something about it?
Changing the subject, eh.
I'm not in any hurry, so it's all right. I'll do it gradually?
True.
There are no aesthetics in carrying out your revenge simply.
You have to take your time and do it slowly.
That makes it feel so good.
Well,
The time spent elaborating the scheme for revenge so beautiful it's a work of art.
The feeling of satisfaction in...
like putting pieces of a puzzle together, one by one...
That heightens the exultation felt...
Right!
Oh, at times I scare myself.
If I hadn't fallen in love with Arima,
I'm sure I would be devising...
What?!
We seem to be wholesome at first glance
yet we are secretly vindictive and insidious within...
I don't like you or anything, but we are definitely close. I understand you.
Yeah. I don't like you or anything either,
but I feel some kind of kinship with you.
Okay,
We're going to come up with specific divisions of labor!
Actually, what are the divisions of labor for a play?
Rika-chan's doing the costumes...
Stuff like the set, props, sound, and lighting?
I don't know either
Yeah, it would be hard to do everything by ourselves.
That's what stagehands are for.
Maho-san and Tsubasa don't look like they'll be any help...
In that case, I'll call on the girls on the volleyball team who have some free time.
We have lots of people, and they're strong.
Really?
Thanks. You're a big help.
No problem.
We can bring things from home for props.
And then the BGM, where should we play what music...
I really want to be particular.
Sounds like fun!
And what might all these lovely maidens gathered here be talking about?
Asapin!
Tell me what's troubling you.
I'll grant whatever you desire...
Quit spewing pheromones near me!
Miyazawa, you're so square.
You just get ready for your dinner show.
The folks in my class are doing that,
I see, prepararing for the play.
You're doing the set too?
Well in that case, I'll do that.
What, you, Asapin?? (Text:Suspicion)
How could you?! I always get an A in Art!
Oh, but I've seen Asaba-kun's sketches.
They're detailed and really good.
Well, all right.
So, what should we do?
Don't take charge when you just barged in.
Don't you think our group is getting weirder and weirder?
I bet you just wanted to join a group of girls.
But of course!
Is that what it is!
Miyazawa.
Arima!
Here are the printouts.
Hideaki, what are you doing?
You ask me?
I'm going to help Miyazawa's gang.
That sounds nice.
I want to help too.
You want to join a group of girls?
I'm not you.
You're helping us enough already by giving advice.
Arima.
Are you all right?
What'll happen next!
The preparations for the play are going steadily,
and Sis shows off her lovey-doveyness with Arima.
But unrelated to that, Tonami Takefumi...
And the tremendously busy days...
Please see next Act, Bye.
