It's now August,
and Arima has gone to the Interhigh.
Ah! It's a letter from Arima!
When most business can be done over the phone these days,
letters are unusual.
What's it say, what's it say?
This is a souvenier from the training camp in Nagano.
I'll be back on August 5th.
So concise...
But when I opened the envelope,
it smelled ever so faintly of Arima.
It gave me a painful reminder of how much I missed him.
Oh, Arima? I saw him.
When I went to school for volleyball practice I ran into the kendo team...
I was surprised.
Arima had gotten so much taller that he looked so different, but cool.
If he gets taller with those looks, he'd be a model. *So good looks is all that matters?*
Hey, what's the matter, Yukinon?
Maybe I should join a club too...
What's the matter all of a sudden?
Although we'd love to have you on the volleyball team.
Well, I'm not doing anything.
Arima does sports and he's getting taller,
and there's so much going on...
But nothing changes with me just sitting here.
Whining about relationships, are you?
I can't take any more of this when I'm not even getting paid.
I'm leavin', so I can't understand that shit.
All right already! I'll stop talking about it!
It's not like you're doing nothing.
You do all that studying.
Yeah but, that would go without saying.
And as for studying, I finished my homework already, so I don't have much to do.
I have more free time now that
I no longer train to show myself off.
Why don't you join?
Yu-ki-non...
Let us copy your homework!!
1000 yen per subject.
No Fair!
How could you? Are you going to bring money into our friendship?
One good deed deserves another.
Money doesn't rule everything in the world.
I've had a change of heart about that.
My brains will bring me lots of money. At this rate, I can be a doctor or lawyer or anything I like.
In any case, these brains are going to earn me an income of twenty or thirty million yen a year.
So I'm not going to sell myself short now.
Damn! This is what's annoying about smart people.
You've really gotten over being Miss Goody-two-shoes.
You used to loan your notes to people all the time,
and had everyone totally fooled.
Hey, then how about the drama club?
Huh? Drama club?
There's someone who could write the stories. There's someone who could make the clothes.
The pretty faces.
Me?
And an acting genius.
That's not very flattering.
See, you can do it!
What are you being so amused about?
Then what are YOU going to do?
Oh, I'm on the volleyball team, so it has nothing to do with me.
No fair!
No, no, no way! Our school doesn't even have a drama club in the first place.
Did you get an idea?
Hey, don't make up stuff we don't need!
Tsubaki's just teasing us!
Bye!
See ya.
Bah-bye!
Later, see ya.
Bye-bye!
We may not be able to see each other for a while.
Okay. Good luck at the Interhigh!
It's no use.
I told myself I'd be apart from Arima for only a little while...
Why do I become hopeless as soon as he's gone?
Three more days...
So depressing...
Two more days...
Yuki-chan, phone call from Isawa-san.
The day before yesterday...
I was hoping you could help...
Sure.
Thanks for coming over.
What's with your face?
You're emitting a strange aura.
I guess even someone with steel nerves like you gets lonely without Arima.
It was like this during the Athletics Festival too.
The moment Arima was gone I became a wreck.
I'd been vaguely aware of it, but...
Without the vanity and pride,
I'm really a chicken.
I can't stand myself!
When Arima's doing what he has to do,
I can't stand that all I can do is sit around moping!
Don't make such a ruckus in someone else's house.
What's wrong with that? Guys like that kind of girl.
But Arima has rather weird tastes...
What with Asapin and Tsubasa-chan...
*The world is money!*
I don't really know, but I don't think he would like a passive girl like that.
I think it's all right.
It's love because it knocks your heart off balance.
While you're acting cool and having things under control,
it's not true love yet.
That means you value yourself...
You met someone who could even collapse the balance of your heart.
That's why your heart gets stolen.
You're sooo mature!
You're the first person I've ever wanted to call big sister.
Big sister!
If you're going to make fun of me I'll stop talking.
Just kidding.
Mahorin, you must be in love now.
Are you going out with him?
I can't imagine the kind of person you'd fall in love with.
What's he like?
A 28-year old dentist.
He's an adult, so I'm no match for him at all.
He has composure. He's kind and strong.
I love him, but I also admire him.
I want to become the kind...
This is the first time I've seen that tough punk Mahorin look so tender.
Love is such a mysterious thing.
The heart is formless and weightless.
It can't be measured in terms of size or depth.
Although no one has seen its true nature,
it definitely feels pain.
It only responds to a certain person.
Tomorrow...When tomorrow comes, I can see him.
This will probably be the longest day.
Pero-Pero, let's go play.
The sisters are at practice.
Pero-Pero,
I want to see him. I want to be with him.
Every waking moment is painful when we're apart.
Maybe I...
Maybe I actually love Arima......even more than I thought?
I was immature...
and so I just hadn't realized it, but in reality...
In reality, I've always...
Yuki-chan, can you go buy some soy sauce?
Sure. Pero-pero! You're my bodyguard.
You'd think you'd notice, and not walk on by.
I'm home.
I'm home.
Before me?!
Not the tongue.
Arimaaa! Arimaaa!
Miyazawa?! A tackle?!
In any case...
Arima's gained an indefinable sexiness since I saw him last...
You got back early.
Yeah. I was supposed to come home on the bullet train...
but it looked like they were going to put me
in charge of things like organizing the debriefing,
so I made up an excuse and came home.
Wow. I didn't know you would cheat like that.
Well, the way things were going.
I didn't know when I'd get to see you...
Are you on vacation for the rest of the summer?
Can we hang out together?
Yeah. There's some practice,
but it won't take out my whole day anymore.
What've you been doing?
You told me over the phone, but...
I did all my homework!
And I played with my friends, and watched primetime movies,
and visited Grandpa.
That's nice.
But I was really lonely without you!
But Arima,
you've sure gotten taller since I last saw you.
You're head's at a different level, so I didn't notice you.
Yeah, it hurt every time I moved my joints.
It was really tough having that happen right before the competition.
How'd the competition go?
Oh, I won.
You WON?!
Win?! Win as in first place?!
You're the number one in kendo in Japan?!?
That's AWESOME!!
Oh wow! That's so great! I bet you were so cool!
I wish I could have seen it! That's awesome!
Great job, Arima!
For a moment, it occured to me that he was so beautiful.
But being with you is better than anything else.
I felt an emotion I'd never felt before.
It's spreading throughout my body......and will have me under its control.
How could I have been so indifferent when I was with him before?
He loves me so much...
I can't even breathe.
Is this possible?
I've fallen in love with...
Miyazawa!
Yo!!
Have you had lunch?
No, just breakfast.
We still have some time before the movie,
so let's go grab a bite.
Freedom!
I feel so happy when I realize I'm finally totally free!
What did it feel like to win the Interhigh?
Huh?
Oh, well, you know...
That's it? You can brag, you know.
The final match was against our school's captain.
Wow!
Our kendo team must be really good.
He had lost the final match last year,
and I'd seen him working really hard
for the win this time.
This was only my first year, so I couldn't help thinking that I wanted him to win.
Arima, you want me to win, don't you.
Abandon such pathetic thoughts.
I have always wanted to go all out against you.
If you hold back even a little bit.
I'll do my best!!
Don't interrupt me.
And so you beat down your senpai?
Well, if I had lost even if I had fought seriously,
I was afraid he would take that as an excuse and do it anyway, so...
He gets this weird look in his eyes sometimes!
You're so popular with guys too...
I wonder if this training camp was actually risque?
especially in the locker rooms.
That's it! Don't say anything else!
Don't even imagine it!
Arima's voice. His hair. His expression.
The way he talks.
It's like being immersed in pleasant music.
Uh-oh.
I shouldn't have worn a sleeveless dress.
I get paralyzed just by his gaze.
I can't imagine Arima was immature like me.
He doesn't force his feelings so it never dawned on me.
But there were hints of that every so often.
Now that I think about it,
he must've been going along at my pace because I'm such a baby.
And I express my feelings like a dog...
I have to tell him.
I love you even more than before.
My heart starts pounding just by being with you.
Oh god that's embarassing.
No! I have a bad habit of suddenly becoming shy about such things.
I have to express very important feelings.
I'm sure he'll be really happy.
I'm so glad I can make him happy.
But, if I said that what would happen to us afterwards?
Want something to drink?
No thanks.
Oh, sorry.
Wow, that was great!
That final confrontation was awesome!
What should we do now? Is there anywhere you want to go?
You seem depressed today.
You periodically fall silent?
Oh, no! That's not it...
Uhm... er... well...
Now, gather your courage and tell him,
Uh, not now... I'll tell you later!
This is bad. I'm sure he thinks something's wrong.
It's just saying I love you.
Why am I so clumsy?
I can do everything else so well...
This is awkward.
But I will tell him.
I want to see his face light up.
Why are you avoiding me?
I'm not avoid
You're lying. You don't say anything, or make eye contact.
Have I done something wrong?
No...
You were so happy yesterday. Why?
My feelings for Arima are overflowing so much...
I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I...
forgive me
IDIOT! Why can't you ever say what's important?
I am so useless
Wimp! Coward! Liar! Showoff!
I hate myself!!
I hurt him! I hurt Arima's feelings!
I know he's afraid of being?
I can't just leave it like this.
I have to apologize. I have to get him to understand.
I'm not letting you go!
I don't care if you avoid me or hate me.
How long do you think I waited to have you notice me?!
I'm not waiting any longer!
I'm never going to let you go!
I'm sorry I scared you.
I wasn't avoiding you.
I didn't touch you because I was embarassed.
I didn't meet your gaze because I didn't know what to do.
When I saw you again yesterday after so long, I realized that
I loved you even more than before.
I love you even more than before.
My heart starts pounding just being with you.
I'm so happy...
I finally got it out. I was able to tell Arima.
I'm so happy Arima understood me.
We've been going out a long time,
but it feels like it's the first time we told each other of our love.
I get nervous when I'm with you too.
It never looks that way...
Even with a girl like me?
Of course. The person you love is special.
I feel like such a baby...
You must have a tough time.
What?
Oh, nothing.
It's okay. I'm happy every day as long as you're with me.
It was so comfortable being next to Arima...
PREVIEW
Arima-kun came back!
Sis gets really excited.
But he was beginning to have?
And the time has finally come to cross a certain line!
Next time on KareKano: Deepening
Well, I just hope it's not a means of escape.
