Since I was little, I was always the center of attention in class. I was good at studying and sports. I was confident.
I was usually first at everything.
Amazing, Miyazawa! You're the best in the class!
You're really something!
And you're so good at studying too...
Miyazawa Yukino, whom I met in high school, easily surpassed me...
The girls in class hate me...
Shibahime hates me...
The Ostracization Index has really taken off lately.
But I stuck it out.
Iwata... Ishida... Ezumi...
What? You can't even solve this problem?
Come on now.
Splendid, as always.
Try to learn from Miyazawa's example, everyone.
Luckily, my past daily efforts have made me strong enough to stand on my own...
Miyazawa...
Yes?
Well...there's something that's been bothering me.
It felt like the atmosphere in the classroom just now was somehow strange.
If it's not just my imagination, is something going on?
Has my calling you to the Student Guidance Room...
I'm fine.
Things actually aren't going as smoothly with the other girls as they could be...
But isn't that rather difficult for you? I could...
I'll be all right. If I can't deal with something like this myself...
I'm fine.
She's strong.
Although it saddens me as a teacher that I'm not depended upon...
To be sure...
First of all, I don't like the idea of hurting people through ignoring them as a group.
I don't like it at all.
If I don't like it, I would never give in......and that's why I don't want to ask anyone for help.
Oh, Arima, you surprised me. What's up?
Something seemed wrong, just now.
Miyazawa, are you having a problem with the other girls?
What? Um, well...
Well, maybe the girls are ignoring me a little.
What?! What's this all about?
Well... you know...
Why didn't you tell me?!
I haven't heard a thing about it!
Where are you going?
I'm going to have a word with the girls and make them stop.
Hey, that's none of your business!
None of my business?!
There's no point in that.
One of the reasons they don't like me is because we're friends.
You would only make things worse.
What?
This is my problem.
Butt out.
That's ridiculous.
It's not ridiculous! Anyways, you don't have to do anything.
Just stay out of it.
This is unusual.
You guys fighting or something?
He's seriously pissed.
He's hopeless.
Of course, I probably shouldn't have put it that way either...
Oh, I know! Miyazawa, I'll show you something cool.
It's my treasure!
What?
This is SO cute! Check it out.
Hey, you moron!
Ooohh...
Cute, isn't it?
Hideaki!
I gave it to you because you said you'd treasure it and never show anyone!
I'm never trusting you again!
Men...
I want this.
No, you can't!
No no no no! That's MY treasure! Gross!
That's disgusting!
How can you use a dirty trick like that?
My treasure...
Hey, what's wrong with that?
She put it there...
Where any guy dumb enough to reach for it would get kicked out of school.
In return, I'll give you an adorable picture of me when I was little.
Oh yeah?
Well, I've got one, too!
Say, are you still mad about that?
It's not that I don't count on you.
I just want to solve this one myself.
I think it's something I have to do myself.
No, I was wrong.
I shouldn't have gotten mad.
After all, you're the one who's having trouble.
Do whatever you feel is right.
I'll always be on your side.
And I'm not going anywhere, no matter what.
Thanks. By the way, are you doing okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
The captain of the kendo club looks after me...
So with a backbone like that,
none of the other guys would do anything to me.
Guys are weird...
Hiiyyyaa!
Nice kick.
But you can't take me down yet.
Shut up!
Mind your own business!
Their street fight just keeps going and going.
Yeah. Tsubasa's moves are getting more sophisticated every day.
But Miyazawa must also have some hidden talent if she can consistently dodge like that.
Hey, you two, we're thirsty!
Let's go get some juice at the cafeteria!
Miyazawa, come with us.
What? Me?
Sure, come on.
Hey, what do you think you're doing?
I hope you haven't forgotten why we're fighting!
You're street fighting, right?
To see who comes out on top.
Right?
I thought you'd be harder to approach, Miyazawa.
But once I actually started talking to you, I felt more at ease.
Yeah.
This is how I really am.
I was making myself up that way.
I wanted to make myself look good...
Or maybe to be seen as being good.
Do you know... I get a thrill when someone praises me.
So I was just making myself up the whole time.
But a lifestyle where you worry about what other people think of you is pretty stupid.
In fact, I didn't have a single friend.
I realized that when I met Arima.
So I decided to stop that kind of thing.
No friends...?
I've noticed that you're always alone lately,
but could it be...
Yeah, stuff happened.
That must be pretty tough.
It can't be helped. I'm reaping what I sowed.
The least I can do is take responsibility.
Augh! I hate that kind of thing!
Group harassment gets on my nerves!
There goes the straightforward mentality stereotypical of athletic types.
I gotcha. From now on you're Yukinon.
Huh?
As of today, you're our friend, part of our group. Okay, Yukinon?
Well um...Yukinon...
I'm Sakura Tsubaki,
the hope of the girls' volleyball club.
This is Sena Rika. She's really dexterous
and very feminine.
And this is Sawada Aya. She's very artsy and
can dispassionately hit people's weak spots.
Nice to meet you.
Thanks. But...um...
Do whatever you want.
I'll fight by myself.
So she'll act on her own.
Now we've got a powerful ally when it comes to test-time!
Hooray!
Hey, Yukinon.
Come on, can't it just be Yukino.
Was Miyazawa friends with girls from 1-D?
Isn't that Sakura Tsubaki?
Their class is in a different building, so I don't know her too well...
Miyazawa really does stand out...
I told you that's how she does it!
Don't you get it yet?!
Every time... It's always Miyazawa who gets it all.
Why?! She's such a lying bitch...
But there's something...
What is it, Sawada?
They're making such a unified front you can't do a single thing about it, right?
To be that organized, there's got to be a ringleader.
Someone smart, who's good at manipulating the class.
A ringleader...
What? Now that this class has nothing to do with you...
You're always so good at it.
It's easy for you to deceive people, isn't it?
I'd like to know how you did it this time.
The ringleader.
I haven't done anything, really.
Really? That's a switch. You're not going to play innocent anymore?
This is the ringleader. If I lose here,
nothing's ever going to get solved.
What a waste!
You were so good at deceiving people.
You were having a great time, weren't you?
You don't have to hold back just because we all know.
You should keep it up.
Come on.
I can see why you don't like me.
It's true that I'd been cheating like that.
It was inexcusable.
I can't blame you.
But then,
why do you try to become superior by getting people on your side?
I may have used a dirty trick, but so are you.
If you don't like me, you should just say it to my face.
Can't you even express your opinions face to face?
I was at fault,
but I'm not a big enough sucker to let things go this far.
You feel confident, don't you? With the whole class on your side, I bet you think you've won.
Well, good for you. Happy now?
You should have done that in the first place.
Maho!
I couldn't win either with academics or running...
Maho, you're all subdued these days.
It's not like you.
Yeah, you gotta do things with style.
No. It's no use anymore.
No matter what I do, I can't win.
This hopeless feeling of defeat...
I'm the only one allowed
to pick on Miyazawa.
Stay the hell out of my way.
I can't be totally ruthless if I feel I have to hold back.
No one could understand.
Nobody can understand a goddamn thing!
It's so boring these days.
I never thought I'd be using the ignoring treatment in high school.
Yeah...
After seeing that faceoff between Miyazawa and Maho yesterday...
It makes me not want to be caught up in this mess anymore.
It's all just because
Maho doesn't like Miyazawa.
Say, don't you think something's weird?
What?
I mean, with that faceoff yesterday.
It's true that Miyazawa
had been playing innocent and fooling us...
What?
But her attitude changed...
That's true. But think about it...
But I wonder,
would someone as smart as
she is really make such a careless mistake?
Now that you mention it...
That may be true.
Miyazawa WAS smart;
she was really thorough in her act.
Losing it just because of a guy...
Doesn't make much sense.
Come to think of it...
Could it be that she had quit the acting on her own?
Then what was that hitting on guys about, then?
Why would Maho lie like that?
You could think of it this way.
Maho wanted to crush Miyazawa.
There's only one way to trap her and exclude her from class.
All the girls in class are jealous of how Miyazawa is friends with Arima and Asaba.
If she used that...
Ah...
Maho, we don't know why you
want to crush Miyazawa so badly...
We can't trust you anymore.
We don't want things to get any more stupid, so we're not going to ignore you or anything.
But
nobody's going to do what you say anymore.
If you want it that badly, do it yourself.
That's our opinion.
You three better get going, too.
This is it for me. Nothing good will come of being with me anymore.
Um, well then...
Sorry.
I never thought any of it would work.
I knew this would happen from the start.
There was a time when I was the center of attention...
I was better than others.
But that was nothing but the conceited thoughts of someone
Living in a small world.
I found out for the first time that there are any number of people better than me...
There's nothing more miserable than having someone better than you occupy the position where you used to stand.
I didn't even want to look at her.
But my mind was always occupied with thoughts of Miyazawa...
My eyes would unconsciously follow wherever she went.
My obsession with Miyazawa
was almost like intense love.
That's why I think I was the only one who noticed it.
It was all an act!
How could any of them understand my mortification?
She took everything from me.
She even obtains love, and now she tries to become honest?
I'll crush you, too just like I'm being crushed!
But that's all over now.
I have to stop being so foolishly obstinate.
Ah, what nice weather.
The summer sun sure is bright.
Yesterday was a big mistake.
I let my full fighting instincts take control.
Oh well, it made me feel better.
He's so cute!
Besides, I've got this now.
As long as I've got this,
my heart will be as clear as the blue skies of May.
Where'd you come from?!
*Stare.*
No, you can't have this.
Besides, I put it in my mouth and in my bra once already.
Damn.
What's with her?
Well, I don't hate her.
I hope we can be friends.
Hey, Shibahime.
Arima.
You doing okay?
You haven't done anything mean to Miyazawa since then, have you?
Try to get along with her.
She's the girl I love.
Huh?
What's wrong?
My train pass holder's gone. It's not in my bag.
Did I leave it in class?
Maybe you dropped it?
WHAT'LL I DO?!
So what's the matter?
I have your picture in there.
Man, I was determined never to lose it because it would be so embarassing.
I don't have time to be doing this.
I'll go look for it.
This is weird, I just had it. Maybe in the hall...?
Maybe when I was talking to Shibahime...
It couldn't be...
Over there is...
She wouldn't, even if she hates me.
Got it? When we see Miyazawa,
we're all going to say we're sorry as a group.
She'll forgive us if we apologize, won't she?
Oh, Miyazawa.
HOLD IT!
Ow!
You made me mad!
You really pissed me off!
I'll show you just how scary it can be when I'm mad!
Even if I don't have friends anymore,
I feel all the more free.
Quit scurrying around! YELL! SCREAM! CRY OUT IN TERROR!
Tsubaki! Rika, Aya, s...save me!
Save you? From what?
I don't want to be involved...
You did something stupid again, didn't you?
Maybe it'll be good for you to seriously get it for once.
You traitors!
There's no help for the wicked.
How foolish. Think you can get away?
That doesn't make it alright!
What's all the racket down there?
My train pass isn't here...
Hey, isn't that Miyazawa?
That was a pretty vicious thing to do.
You always picked a fight with me one on one.
I thought you were different from the others.
But I guess I was wrong. You're the worst.
Miyazawa...
I know you like Arima,
so I thought you couldn't help hating me.
Huh?
But if you would go this far,
why don't you just tell him already?!
You can't even do that!
You're just a coward!
I did try to tell him!
But he never even noticed!
The first time was in seventh grade on Valentine's Day. Arima!
Oh, Shibahime.
Shibahime, you like sweet stuff.
I don't like chocolate, so you can have it all.
In eighth grade, at the Athletics Festival...
*I'll be waiting at the front gate. Tsubasa.*
Shibahime, great timing! Come with me!
Thanks goodness.
The beanbags from the beanbag toss got scattered...
So, what did you want?
So insensitive...
I really had no idea about those things...
On our ninth grade field trip, too.
Arima...
Shibahime, get the barf bag quick!
Get some newspaper!
But even so, he never accepted anyone's love, so I thought he just didn't want to date!
So I didn't mind not being noticed as long as I could be special, even if I were treated as a little sister!
I studied 13 hours a day to get into this school so I could be with him as much as possible!
So why?!
Why'd he have to get a girlfriend right after starting high school?!
It was so frustrating!
I can't help hating you
I wanted to be you.
To be noticed, to be cared about, to be the most important person in the world to him!
I envied you!
I couldn't help being jealous!
He never notices me...
I'm sorry.
From that day onward, things took a turn for the better.
We're sorry.
For some reason the girls in class all apologized, *Don't make such a big deal, I'm fine...*
and I was accepted back into the class.
But I wonder why they seemed kind of afraid of me.
She's scary when she snaps.
Thank God she didn't get mad at us.
Better yet, I made my first real friends.
Hey, Tsubasa...
Yes!
You... You actually like Miyazawa a lot, don't you?
Not a chance!
What, are you going to pity me?
If you don't mind your own business, I'll punch you out.
Well, I was going to pity you.
Your tactics need some work.
You couldn't hide the fact that you were the ringleader.
When you entrap someone, you have to be more devious about it.
I'm sure I could do a much better job.
You're a REAL pain!
Before we knew it,
summer vacation was almost upon us.
That long first semester
was about to be over.
What'll happen next!
The girls stopped ignoring Sis and
she made up with everyone in class.
And the really long,
Roller-coaster first semester was finally coming to a close
The time for her debut into the world of friends has come at last!
At the Beginning of Summer Vacation.
