The first semester was about to end.
Finals and intramurals have ended.
The campus was astir with the anticipation of summer.
The regular students talking about summer vacation...
Until just the other day,
Miyazawa was having a rough time...
and is back on good terms with the other girls.
Oh, Arima, good morning.
Oh, you're so cute. What is it?
Damm, Shibahime's such a brat.
Is this for revenge?
A lot of things happened, in the first semester.
I met Miyazawa, we found out each other's true nature...
Miyazawa easily demolished the me that was the square, unfortunate model student...
and said she liked me.
I was so glad I met her.
I was so glad we're spending our high school days together.
It's really hot these days.
First semester's coming to an end.
Yeah. Come to think of it, an awful lot of stuff happened, didn't it?
I was just thinking that myself.
What if second semester's like this, too?
I don't want to think about it, so I'm not going to.
Man, it's already summer vacation?
Are you going anywhere for summer vacation?
Nah. Maybe as far as grandpa's house.
We're not that well off.
But I'll be playing with the girls.
We'll go to the movies and the pool...
With Shibahime and everyone?
Yeah!
I finally get to debut into the girls' world.
Going to festivals and karaoke-ing and all... I've never done that before!
I'm so happy.
Maybe I should do the kogal thing...
How about you? Are you going anywhere?
Well,
I'm going to be pretty busy this summer, so I don't know.
Say, Miyazawa.
Yeah?
There's something I haven't told you...
What is it?
There's this meet in August. For kendo.
Yeah?
I'm going to compete in it, too.
So I have to practice a lot.
We may not be able to see each other for a while.
I'm going to be in the Inter-High Competition.
So I'll be practicing in training camp through all of July.
I wanted to tell you sooner...
I'm sorry.
Oh yeah...
That happens with sports clubs, doesn't it?
That's right...
But going to the Inter-High is awesome.
I hadn't known you were that good.
You should have told me sooner.
Congratulations.
Well then, maybe I'll go watch the match.
Where's it at?
It's in Kyoto...
Well, I guess I can't go, but I can still root for you!
Good luck! I'm sure you'll do great.
That's right, this is summer vacation.
We won't be able to see each other every day like at school.
I wonder why it never
even occurred to me before.
It was natural for us to be together.
We noticed each other right when school started.
We almost never went for more than a couple days without seeing each other since we got to know each other.
We became the way we are now through our interaction.
We were more involved than just being in love.
I realized for the first time
just how important we are to each other.
First semester is over. It's summer vacation.
Are you almost done?
Just a sec.
I'll call you. After August 7th,
I'll be on vacation, too.
Let's hang out together then.
We've promised to go lots of places.
Yeah.
I shouldn't get blue just because we're not seeing each other for a little bit.
I should be able to handle this.
It's not like we'll be apart for years.
I feel the same way.
We'll be living separate lives
for the first time since we met.
Hey, Miyazawa.
Yes!
Before we can't see each other for a while,
there's something I want to do.
What's that?
I want to hold you.
Ah...
I won't do anything indecent.
It's just...
And since we'll be apart for a while...
I wanted to remember how
the girl I love feels...
Okay. It feels reassuring.
Yeah, I feel secure.
This feels so goood.
The shape of the one you love...the weight...the warmth...
It feels like happiness is spreading from everywhere we touch.
I don't need anything else.
I hadn't known such bliss existed.
What a pity.
If it feels this good, we should've done this long ago.
What a waste.
Well, it's hard to work up the courage.
When I get back, we can hold each other as much as you want.
Kick those juniors and seniors' asses and come in first place!
The first summer since we met is coming.
Arima, I heard you're going to the Inter-High.
Here's a thousand paper cranes.
I can't go to root for you myself...
Did you make all those yourself?
Yeah. I'm in charge while you're away!
I'll keep all the parasites away from Miyazawa!
I get the feeling that you're the worst parasite, but thanks.
How could you?!
You sure you want to say things like that?
I'm going with Miyazawa to the pool, after all, right?
Right.
What're you thinking, Miyazawa?!
With this womanizer?!
Where's your sense of modesty?!
What? My sisters are coming, too.
He'll just be our escort.
Oh, really?
I'm going to show Miyazawa my beautiful flesh that's hidden under my shirt.
My beautiful flesh glistening brightly under the summer sun...
Stop that!
Don't say it so disgustingly!
Well, good luck with your kendo practice.
Go enjoy the hot stinky prime of your youth,
drenched in sweat under all that armor.
Meanwhile, we'll be having fun.
He's actually defiant for a change.
It'll be lonely not being able to see her for a while.
But if so,
I want to grow and come back as a better man.
So that Miyazawa will love me even more.
There she is!
Hey, Yukino!
Hey! You guys wait long?
Nope, just got here.
Oh, good.
I was meeting someone on the way here.
Remember that I told you there was someone I wanted to invite?
This is Isawa Maho. She's in my class.
Hi.
She's the freakin' mastermind behind the class plot to ignore you!
What the hell's she doing here?!
Get the hell outta here!
Oww...
Now, now, it's ok. We've made up already.
I don't know if I can trust her...
Why do I have to be here?
Well, it's a great opportunity.
Neither of us has had healthy relationships with friends up until now...
Damn. All right already.
I don't really give a damn about that,
but I owe you,
so I'll at least hang with you.
Friendship!
Summer vacation's underway.
The first semester, with its ups and downs...
Unfortunately,
Arima has to practice for the Inter-High... *I'll be back on Aug. 5th.*
We'll do lots of stuff when I get back.
But I have friends now, and
I'm happy for the time being.
Since Arima's doing his best,
I'm going to try to
live my own time to the fullest.
Sena, Sawada, yo!
Yo! Just call us Rika and Aya.
These two seem to be the most normal.
Shibahime sure is late.
Smoking is bad. SMOKING IS BAD!
Thank goodness.
Aya simply wouldn't quit smoking.
I'm glad we could be friends with such a responsible person like you.
People who look normal are often more delinquent than the punks.
Still, Tsubasa's pretty late.
She's been irresponsible lately...
But I guess it can't be helped.
Here I am.
So...so...so...CUTE!
Will you go with me to some clothing stores later?
There's all this clothing I want to have you try on and model for me!
There's quite a lot of homoerotic overtones.
Lets start our little bonding date,
and party ourselves silly!
We live hiding in the darkness.
We are monsters!
We can't show ourselves to others...
With these beastlike bodies...
I want to become human soon...
Blow away this dark destiny...
Bem...
Bela...
Belo...
Monsters!
Tsubasa, you like Totoro, right?
Yeah. Totoro?
Yeah, Totoro.
I just saw this huge Totoro doll walking off that way!
What?! A big Totoro? Really?!
You bet'cha.
That sucker was huge!
You want to see it?
Yeah, I do!
We better hurry an' go find it! We're gonna lose it!
Let's go!
Hey, you two.
Heh, she noticed.
Cut it out, that's mean!
This is friendship...?
Thank you for waiting.
Here's a Bear Surprise Giant Parfait.
We're sorry, Tsubasa. It's on us.
Here, say ah...
Here, have some of my cake.
Have some of my tea.
And some coffee.
Whoa, Tsubasa's gone berserk!
I'm beginning to see how these four operate.
You four all went to the same middle school, right?
That's right. Hatadai Jr. High.
I'm from South Shirakawa Jr. High!
Horikawa West Jr. High.
How'd you all meet?
To start with,
Tsubasa and I haven't been able to get rid of each other since kindergarten.
And Rika's house is next to mine, so we've been friends since childhood.
Tsubasa was really shy, even back then.
You're really cute. You wanna play with some clay with me?
Because she clung to me and wouldn't let go...
My school life was ruined.
But I'm popular, so I still collect them.
Tsubaki just loves beautiful young girls.
Is it just the translation for this HK DVD......because that was also fairly homoerotic.
She reminds me of someone.
But, I'm honored to have met someone as cute as you in high school, Yukino.
I hope we can be friends from now on.
Oh, you over there. At least you have a pretty face,
so I'll guess I'll let you be one of us too.
That's it!
She's exactly like HIM!
Just like a certain guy I know all too well.
Come, my precious Mary's...
No doubt about it.
As far as we go...
Being together is just natural.
That's so wonderful!
When I tried to cut kindergarten,
Rika came with me.
And she was the only one
who got caught and scolded.
When my room was a mess and
I wouldn't clean it even when I got yelled at...
Rika couldn't stand to watch and cleaned it up for me.
And I still bitched at her that this isn't the order the books go in.
I didn't want to go to the movies by myself,
so I made her come along.
But when she'd invite me... *Hey, want to go see this?*
I'd say Sorry, I don't like that kind of movie...
So we have a relationship where I pretty much take advantage of Rika and parasite off her.
She just laughs...She's ok with that?
But sometimes I get to thinking.
Even though I'm that kind of person, I have a talent for writing for some reason...
And then...
Aya, you're amazing!
It's great that you get all these awards!
I'm so proud I'm your friend!
She's congratulating me from her heart!
How can she congratulate me from her heart after all that abuse I put her through?!
Is she Mother Theresa or something?
If our positions were reversed,
I could never congratulate her!
I'd burn with jealousy!
That's right! That's what I am!
That's the kind of person I am!
What's wrong?
What? Why?
I don't deserve to be congratulated by you!
Huh? Every time you praise me
my vulgarity stands out!
You make me see what a horrible bitch I am!
I see. Aya is Goku to Rika's Monk Tripitaka. *NOT a Dragonball refrence*
So in middle school we kind of connected through our mischief and we got together.
I see.
But
Aya's really talented at writing.
She won the New Junior Novelist award
and is writing a serial.
WHAT?! A novel, as in a book?!
The books they sell at the bookstore?!
Yeah!
A pro... a real author.
I never thought a real one was so close to me.
Not really.
I get a short story published every so often.
I'm a pro in name only.
There are all sorts of people who manage that much.
But still, that's a major
deal for a high schooler.
Yeah! Aya, you have a gift for it!
I'm sure you'll succeed!
You're my pride and joy!
I told you to stop encouraging me from your heart like that!
You're going to write a lot now that it's summer, right?
Yeah. I'm going to try writing something long.
Besides, it's not like I'm the only one doing something special.
Tsubaki's a star volleyball player who got to be a starter upon joining the team...
Who knows in five or ten years.
Everyone has something she's good at.
That sounds so nice.
You all have things you want to do.
I've never even thought about it at all.
That's so awesome.
I can't do anything besides get good grades.
What's wrong with getting nothing but good grades?
Well, shall we split up here?
Oh, what is it, Tsubasa? Don't want to go home yet?
What is it? You want to play a bit more?
You're too easy on her, Yukino!
Tsubasa's really taken a liking to you.
But when she latches onto you like that, she won't let go until the bitter end.
I'll tell you now that you're really in for it.
We don't want to go along with her whims, so we're outta here.
Anyways, don't get carried away!
We'll call later. See ya!
I know. I have to go with you, right?
Tsubasa's really gotten attached to Yukino, hasn't she?
She usually doesn't warm up to someone like that.
Well, she's having a pretty hard time these days.
I hope being friends with Yukino
helps her get over things...
I heard her father might get remarried?
Yeah. She has a father complex going,
so she doesn't know what to think.
Plus,
she was hospitalized for most of the semester...
Major bad luck!
She should be helped by one of those faith healers or something.
Hey, I wonder why Tsubasa
wanted to stay with Yukino so badly just now.
Who knows? Probably because she doesn't want to be home much.
I bet it feels really awkward there.
But she WILL go home later, won't she?
She wouldn't be thinking of anything weird, would she?
Yukinon!
Grades aren't everything.
They all have so much individuality.
This is no good. I'm totally clueless.
While I was out being a nerd without any second thoughts...
I never even noticed it until now.
I feel like I got left behind.
Feeling insecure? That's not like you.
But I just realized how inadequate I've been all this time.
So you'll be finding out starting now.
You realized that grades aren't the only yardstick for people.
That's the most important thing.
It's never too late to start.
Besides, you're not alone.
I want to change, too.
If we're going to start from scratch,
it's better if we do it together, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah! Friendship!
I have friends. The loneliness fades away just because of that.
I'm not alone anymore.
I have friends.
Wow, what a huge bag.
What are you going to do with that, Tsubasa?
I'm running away from home.
What?
I live alone with Daddy.
This woman's been coming to our house lately.
She's been playing mommy and trying to get me to like her.
It pisses me off.
Daddy says he wants to marry her.
He never even said a word about getting remarried to me before.
It looks like he's serious.
This got heavy all of a sudden.
I've never seen her talk this much before.
He was taken in by her because he's so absent minded and naive!
It's so disgusting!
I won't have it!
To top it off, she has a son my age!
What an indelicate bitch!
Would someone normally do that kind of thing?!
That's why I'm running away.
I'm sure Daddy will open his eyes when I'm gone.
This is a battle to take Daddy back from that woman.
But if you run away, where will you go?
With you.
I can't go along with you that far! No, I'm going home!
Friendship! Friendship!
Arima, friendship is a wonderful thing.
But every so often, it's rough.
What'll happen next!
Sis got caught up in some other family's personal problems.
And our guests keep bringing
up crisis after crisis!
What happened to the heart-warming comedy?!
Where Happiness is.
Where's MY happiness?
