Miyazawa?
Thanks for the notes.
They really saved my butt.
They were so neat.
Just what I'd expect from you.
Oh, they're nothing, really. Are you over your cold?
Feeling great.
Miyazawa!
The sewing class assignment was due today, wasn't it?
We're not done yet.
Well, I can talk to the teacher and
get an extension until after school.
All right!
Miyazawa!
Miyazawa!
Miyazawa!
Miyazawa, you're amazing!
Yes!
She's smart... sweet... cute...
Yes!
I wish I could be like you.
I never would have thought
such perfect people existed.
Yes!
Miyazawa, you're amazing!
She's smart... sweet... cute...
So that's how I look in other people's eyes.
Towering above the crowd.
The object of admiration.
That's what I love about myself.
But...since entering this high school,
I've been irritated.
Both our class chairs are
really awesome,
aren't they?
Why?
Because...
We're so glad we're in the same class as you!
It's all because of him!
Oh, Arima!
We're home!
Sis! We're home!
Sis, you always dress so goofy.
Hey, what's wrong with this?
I study best wearing this.
Everyone, you may be thinking...
Ain't there some major difference
between this and school?
Yes, I'm...
That graceful image is just a facade.
Being sweet is a big lie.
I really love
being esteemed...
In other words, I'm just...the Queen of Vanity!
Sis, you're trying to strike a pose even when you're dressed like that...?
Let's's eat!
But you know, Sis' passion for
showing off is really something.
If it means being number one,
she'll pull an all-nighter in a heartbeat.
To be the heroine of P.E.
she won't hesitate to do secret special training.
And to look even slightly more beautiful,
she goes to the trouble of researching beauty.
But at home you totally loaf around
and are a selfish, stubborn, spoiled brat.
Mmm, this grilled eggplant is good...l
It's like, You'd really go that far to get people to admire you?!
What's wrong with that?!
If I can't let things slide at home,
I'm gonna get exhausted!
Then why don't you just knock off the acting?
Yeah. When we see you outside
we don't even recognize you for a moment.
I mean, until last year she was in the same middle school as us.
Every time I saw her breezing through the halls it gave me the shivers.
Though once I got used to it,
it was pretty funny.
Yeah.
She scatters her charm all over the neighborhood.
Every time people tell me
You have such an elegant daughter...
Yukino's put on an act in public ever since kindergarten.
Maybe that vanity has become
an integral part of her.
I just can't see
how you can all stand to act normally.
Whenever they look at me with eyes full of respect and admiration...
There's a pervert...
There's a pervert among us.
Keeping up that wonderful image...
I think being carefree is better,
even if it means being ordinary...
It's better than being a pervert, anyway.
Yeah...
But, Sis, you recently got an enemy, didn't you?
Right!
I can't let him beat me now!
That's right.
I was able to keep on fooling the world just fine all the way up through middle school.
But then an enemy appeared for the first time.
The story goes back to the April Opening Ceremony.
I was a bit miffed.
Because even though
I worked my butt off...
And after I studied so hard...!
How could someone be better than me?!
I was planning on becoming the speaker and instantly dropping a bomb with my presence.
My plans for my high school debut are all screwed up.
Whoever's standing in the way of my plans must be some dreary, hard-core nerd!
The Representative Speaker for the Incoming Class, Arima Souichirou...
Here.
Just as I feared, he monopolized the attention of the entire class
This is the worst humiliation in all my 15 years.
So I've made up my mind!
I'm gonna defeat him no matter what!
And I've got to make everyone notice how wonderful I am!
In other words, what was supposed to be
your debut turned into his debut instead.
Sis, you'd go that far to be the center of attention...?
Hell yes!
Words of praise are the source of life energy!
And to make matters worse,
they say he's nice, and good at sports...
He makes me so mad!
I'll never let him be number one again!
I'll obstruct him again and again and again...
I'll show that little mister rich-boy just how tough life can be!
Sis, petty jealousy is pathetic.
Let's's not blame others for your own personal problems.
Shouldn't you be thanking him for showing you that you're a big fish in a small pond...
Kano, just shut up,
you little smart-aleck!
I'm scared.
Who would've thought that my sister could hate someone this much because of vanity.
one, two, one, two, one, two...
one, two, one, two, one, two...
Good morning, Miyazawa.
Oh, good morning, Arima.
Gack, Arima!
You arrive pretty early every morning.
Oh, not really. So do you.
Great, I manage to run into the LAST guy I want to see first thing in the morning.
But it's gonna take more than that to crack my impregnable mask.
I have sports practice, so...
You're in the Kendo Club right? Practice must be tough.
Yeah, every day from 6 in the morning
to 8 at night.
That much?
It's great that you can keep up with both practice and studying like that.
I'm impressed.
What's he blushing about?
But you're so responsible, and smart too.
You're so efficient at your Academic Assembly duties...
I guess there are people like that when you get up to high school.
I've realized all over again how big the world is...
Oh, but I'm nothing...
Foolish Arima...
The nice partner you see before you is the woman who will ultimately send you to Hell!
Finally solved it.
What? I don't get this at all!
Hey, Arima, could you help me with this?
Oh, sure.
Oh, for this, you have to use the answers
for the discriminant and the coefficient.
So you do this...
Oh, I see!
Arima, show me too, would ya?
Why don't we form a group?
Good idea! Pull your desks around, guys!
See? If you throw it with your hand it'll go off course...
Hey! Arima's in the game!
What?! Let's watch!
He just got off a shot.
It was totally cool.
I hear he's almost as good as the seniors in the Kendo Club.
Really? Our school's one of the strongest in the prefecture, right?
Yeah.
He sure looks good in his uniform, doesn't he?
He's so cool!
HE'S SO COOL! ARIMA!
Then, as for the usage of tamae..., Arima.
Yes. I believe it's a future tense helping verb denoting humility, in the u and e forms.
What about mashika?
A hypothetical auxiliary
subjunctive verb.
Yes, that's good.
OOOhhh...
Dammit
Until now, being the center of attention...
Without him, I'd be the one getting all the attention!
It's cold!
It's cold, being buried among the ranks of the average citizens.
I want to be praised!
I want to be recognized! I want attention!
Shit! Arima, you're a pain in the ass!
Just watch! I'll be the one who's gonna
send you straight to hell!
I'm so sleepy...
I've been pulling non-stop all nighters lately, studying to beat him down.
No, no!
If I fall asleep here, I'll play right into his hands.
Gack! That was close!
I almost killed myseIf in a really lame way.
This is bad. No one saw that, did they?
My i-m-a-g-e...
Miyazawa?
That was dangerous, so you shouldn't do it.
That damn Arima!
God damn it, god damn it, god damn it, GOD DAMN IT!
I will...I WILL beat him!
So, that concludes this week's general meeting. Dismissed!
This school sure has a lot of Academic Assembly meetings.
I didn't think it would be this tough. (They have one every week)
But it means the students are being entrusted with governing themselves.
You're really mature, Miyazawa.
Shut the hell up!
Oh, Miyazawa?
Yes?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Music?
I guess I like Brahms.
That profound, magnificent music appeals to the soul. * I actually love HIDEKI (jpop). *
I especially love his 2nd Piano Concerto.
I want to hear the version conducted by Karl Bohm, but I can't seem to find it anywhere. * I especially love Boomerang. It's so awesome! *
I've got that CD at home.
If you want, I'll loan it to you sometime.
It's almost midterms, right?
So when they're over...
Really? Thanks.
Man, is this guy spoiled or what!
Miyazawa! Heading home?
Yeah. What about practice?
It's right before midterms, so no practice for this week.
You take the Nanbu Subway Line, right?
Can I accompany you part of the way home?
Sure. * HELL NO! *
Time to hit the books!
Sis, play with us once in a while!
You haven't played with us at all since entering high school!
No way! He's so full of himseIf... I'm gonna crush him no matter what!
Sis got stolen by Arima!
She used to play with us all the time!
Boring! Boring!
Besides, aren't YOU the one who's carried away and all puffed up?
Geez! Why do you keep making such snide remarks?!
I studied like I was possessed.
Somehow it felt like my goal of being number one and getting all the attention...
If he loses,
I wonder what kind of face he'll make?
Wow, Miyazawa, you're amazing! You're really amazing!
Congratulations!
I thought Arima was amazing, but you're something too.
I didn't even notice until now.
You actually beat Arima.
I'm in awe.
Amazing!
I did it!
Amazing amazing amazing amazing...
It's been so long since I've heard these sounds of admiration...
Ah, this feels so good!
I beat Arima!
Miyazawa Yukino's high school debut!
Farewell to the old me who was forced to be something she wasn't.
And hello to the new me,
who will show her true self in the future to come!
Oh, Miyazawa.
Ah, there you are Arima.
But you're not going to have your way anymore.
From now on, surrounded by unfamiliar feelings...
You're the one who's gonna experience the hell that I used to live in.
Try harder next time and make it into a real victory!
Now just show that face, twisted
in humiliation, in front of me!
You really are amazing, Miyazawa.
Huh? Wait a sec.
What's with this reaction? I wasn't expecting this.
I thought if I could just beat him, I'd win...
What is this? I beat him, but I'm not that happy...
Or more like, something's wrong.
If I think about it, the only one bent on grades and appearances was me.
Arima didn't give a damn about that stuff from the start.
Even without ulterior motives for winning, people had recognized him anyway.
So he's the real thing.
I'm ashamed that I'm so different from the real thing...
Isn't what I've been doing......deceiving people by
pretending to be nice, called...
When was it, I wonder,
that I first started enjoying being praised by others?
Good job.
You're such a responsible, good little girl.
Such a sweet sound.
I wanted to hear more of it.
If I could learn to do somersaults on the bars,
I wonder if I can surprise them some more?
If I could play the piano well...
If I was able to write kanji well...
If I got voted onto the Academic Committee...
If I got the highest grade on tests...
Come to think of it,
I'm really a sucker for an audience.
If I had worked on freely
nurturing my real seIf...
Damn!
I could've gotten onto
some super-popular TV show...
been a household word!
I tried to make myseIf out to be more than I really am, but all I got was exhaustion.
Trying to become some different kind of creature was just stupid...
Stupid, stupid...I'm so STUPID!
I feel so depressed.
I really don't want to face Arima.
Then I just shouldn't come to school until the very last moment...
And then I kill time by studying... I'm hopeless.
Oh, I know. I'll go to the music room
and play piano until homeroom.
Ow...
Oh, sorry.
Shit! Why does he always see me when I'm being a moron?!
Run away! I'm just an underdog anyway!
No one's here yet? She's already running away
Wait.
I want you to know that...I...Like you.
Sudden reversal of fortunes!
It feels so good to have someone tell you he's in love with you.
Sis, haven't you always been popular?
The point is that this time it was Arima.
Who cares about winning or losing any more? I mean, he fell for me.
In the game of love, the person who receives the love is the winner.
So, what'd you do?
Huh? I turned him down, of course.
Can't let my secret out.
He walked away with this Lonesome look on his face.
Are you sure?
About what?
Did you actually hate him? I was sure you had a complex about him.
Well, I guess I did have one.
Sis, isn't a complex another way to say......a longing for something
that you yourseIf can never be?
Huh? I guess his intelligence and nice,
popular personality give rise to the image
I've always been trying to approach
Or rather,
precisely what I thought of as the ideal...
OH, NO! Now I see!
Come to think of it,
isn't he actually HOT?!
Told you!
I explained Sis' situation with
a funny song and this manga.
I never thought of him that way!
I was too hasty...
Well, I already turned him down,
so that's that.
Bedtime.
Say what?!
Is that how it is?!
Sis...
She's really still a kid.
Kano, where's the money?
On the desk!
The advance tickets?
I got'em!
Got a comb?
Find one yourseIf!
You better take an umbrella.
It's supposed to
rain this afternoon.
You sure you're not coming?
It's a really cool movie. Let's's have some fun!
Sorry, I'm beat
from all those tests.
Tsukino, the movie's gonna start! Hurry!
It's'cause you overslept!
Heh, sorry.
You don't sound very sorry!
It's finally quieted down.
Mom and Dad are out shopping...
There's only one Sunday a week.
Lounging around the house is definitely the way to go.
That day...
Why did I let my guard down just then?
Is that Tsukino? I bet she forgot her umbrella after all.
Commmiiinnng!
You forgot this!
I was in the neighborhood...
and thought I'd... drop it by...
Even then, Arima's
manners were flawless.
What terrifyingly strong nerves and seIf-restraint.
He's a really admirable guy.
I bet I'm the first
woman in Arima's life
who has ever disturbed him this much.
I guess I'll be satisfied for today
by feeling pride in that.
What'll happen next!
The mistake of a lifetime!
Sis' true identity was discovered!
And Arima cleverly exploits that fact!
What will her fate be?!
A Secret for Two.
