It is the end of the 1990's.
Japan was suffering the greatest economic recession since the War.
What with the repeated chain reactions of bankrupcies...
atrocious crimes committed by juveniles, and so on...
Also at this time,
the masked honor student Miyazawa Yukino, in class 1-A of the Kanazawa Prefectural Hokuei High School...
Arima Souichirou, the one who changed her,
was a real model student who tried to bear all his misery by himself.
After a lot of fuss,
these two came to share a secret as model students with dual personalities.
Later, after passing through phases as partners in the Student Assembly,
and more than friends but not quite lovers,
they finally became a couple.
These two, affected by each other,
decided to live for their own true happiness.
Miyazawa Yukino savors her transient happiness.
But the world was harsh.
The menace of the Athletic Festival, the campus event which forced them to be...
The appearance of the wanton, perverted, heart-throb Asaba Hideaki, who criticized her...
hoping to break them up, while plotting to use Arima once he became single again,
The drop in their semester finals grades which resulted from their yielding to...
and her resulting unilateral feelings of alienation;
And in addition, interference and pressure from the teachers at school,
who were trying to end their academic slump, which came to even involve their parents;
The incident where Miyazawa Yukino was ignored by all the girls in the class,...
A series of physical attacks from the envious Shibahime Tsubasa,...
The brief separation from Arima due to summer club activities;
Another family's remarriage issues;
But she endured the onslaught of challenges,...
and steadily level-upped her life experience.
Meanwhile, Arima, unable to cope with his own reality anymore...
Accepting this, Yukino yields herself to him.
She finally did it!
And another peaceful day was about to begin.
But, however!
Good morning! Let's eat!
Thanks for the meal!
We're off! Have a nice day!
The second semester has started.
A lot of stuff sure happened over summer vacation.
We all went to karaoke, and raised hell,...
Tsubasa-chan came to sleep over,
and things got ugly...
Asapin came over,
and Dad raised hell...
we went to Grandpa's,
and Dad raised hell...
We all went to a coffee shop,
and raised hell...
I went to Mahorin's place,
and Mahorin's going out with a dentist...
Arima came back, and we smooched...
we went on a date, and smooched...
I went to Arima's place, and smooched...
I went to Arima's place again,
and smooched, after that......after that......after that...
Arima! Mornin'!
Morning.
I never see you going to school at the normal time.
I didn't have morning practice today.
Oh, if you had told me I would have arranged to meet up somewhere.
Miyazawa...But when I called last night you weren't home.
Oh, it must have been during my family's summer karaoke fest.
I joined them for just an hour.
Every so often I long to hear my dad sing.
But why just an hour?
Why, because today is the first day of class after summer vacation when they hold the aptitude tests,
I'm out to win back my position as first place for the first time in a while.
I'm sorry, but I want to stay first after all!
Not second, nor third, nor fourth, NO!
It has to be first!
I'd been withheld for a while after entering high school,
I'd been withheld for a while after entering high school, (Text:Here's some second place)
so I'm practically in withdrawal!
Which means, before a test, we're mortal enemies vying for supremacy!
Don't come up to me and be all buddy-buddy.
But we're not usually like that.
We're always lovey-dovey.
Could we be any more lovey-dovey?!! We're like lovers!
Oh my gosh, what if like someone was to like, see us?!?
Now then, I better hurry to school and study.
See ya!
She was the one who came up to me...
Souichirou-kun! Miyazawa!
Aloha!
M:A...A...Asapin!! A:I...I can't believe you!
Yeah!
There you go over-accessorizing again!
What's with all that metal, huh?!
As a model student I don't want to be associated with a guy who looks like...
You're in for it now.
You'll get shaved bald and given another long vacation!
Just don't go too far.
Okaay!
To think he has to take care
of such an alien at his age...
I feel so sorry for him.
Look, his hair's falling out.
Yo! Let's have lunch!
Yo!
Long time no see.
What, with your husband again?
It's too hot for comfort with you all over each other.
Don't flirt in front of us, it's annoying.
We're NOT flirting!! (Text:We're going to talk about homeroom!)
What, Hideaki, nothing but bread for lunch?
Doesn't matter.
Here, I'll split some of mine with you. You should think about your nutrition more.
Feed him.
Moron, what're you thinking?
Come on, see, aah.
Hmm... two guys together aren't that bad either.
Makes lunch taste better, doesn't it?
It's still so hot.
What are we going to do in homeroom?
To talk about the Culture Fair.
Great, here come the busy days again.
When's the Culture Fair?
September 15.
It's a bit unreasonable to tell us to prepare the Culture Fair in just two weeks
I heard the sports teams have been preparing all summer.
I guess the point is that nobody can get into study mode in this heat.
The girls volleyball team is getting together with the girls judo team to do a hostess lounge!
Party with the babes!
The crafts club is going to make a dollhouse!
Great. Sounds like fun.
So what? You have your husband.
Stop calling me husband, Sakura!
Aren't you going to walk around with Arima and see all the booths?
If I have time...
We're probably going to be forced to be in multiple committees again.
So while everyone else is having fun we'll be barely conscious, running around covered in sweat and dust.
I have almost no memories of the end of the Athletics Festival.
Smart people sure have it rough.
Tsubasa-chan, are you doing anything for the Culture Fair?
Tsubasa-chan, your hairstyle is so cute.
Let's do some bonding!
Well, you know how she is, I better give her some candy to keep her quiet.
Is she some kind of animal? How about you, Maho-san?
I'm not interested in school activities,
so I'll be at home asleep.
Asapin?
Oh, I don't know. I'll just do whatever my class does.
Other than that, I guess I'll do some girl hunting.
Oh. You guys just aren't into this at all.
Young people these days are so apathetic.
It's just that you're so gung-ho, Tsubaki.
I'm sure you'll have fun doing the hostess lounge.
You think so?
I wish I could just stay home and sleep like Maho-san.
I feel tired just thinking about it.
What's Aya-chan up to?
Writing.
MMM?
Sorry for making you take the test in a separate room.
I thought the best place to introduce a transfer student would be in afternoon homeroom.
How does it feel being back in this town after three years...
We'll be starting homeroom now.
We're going to discuss the Culture Fair, which will be held on the 15th of this month...
Well actually, Arima and I are busy, so you guys decide what
you're going to do by yourselves, and just do whatever. That is all.
Hey, do you think the class representative can get away with that?!
Think about the class more seriously!
Oh, shut up. I don't want to think seriously about anything except exams.
Not fair! What a rotten representative!
Say what you want.
I'd rather go home and be cleaning out my ears than do something I have nothing to gain in.
How irresponsible!
Do your job!
What kind of service is that?!
I said, I don't care!
No way! I can't believe this!
There's something interesting written here.
After the conclusion of the Culture Fair, an all-around winner will be announced...
However, if it is determined by the executive committee
that there was excessive soliciting, they would be disqualified.
* Gift certificates for Korean BBQ, * Right to choose the destination for the fall fieldtrip, * Copies of all notes taken during school by an alumni who got into Tokyo University,
Gift certificates for Korean BBQ!
Destination for the fall fieldtrip!
A copy of those notes!!
So that's why people seemed way too into the Culture Fair
when I came to see it while visiting schools last year.
No wonder the sports clubs have been preparing all summer.
Everone else is at a disadvantage.
SILENCE! Let's talk about it.
And this is the person who was just telling us to do whatever...
That voice!
It's dark!
I can't see anything!
1-A has no chance of winning no matter how much you talk!
Say what?!
The all-around winner is going to be 1-F.
Asapin! You're so disgusting.
What do you want?
You sound pretty confident. What did 1-F decide to do? (Text:But still the girls gather)
Us?
The Asaba Hideaki Dinner Show!
Huh?
Asaba Hideaki Dinner Show?
Huh? (Text:The girls want to go already)
I'll be waiting with my pheromones at full blast.
Adios, my lovely little kittens.
DAMMIT! Now what do we do?!
I hate to admit it, but even 10 of us together are no match for
the pheromones he has by himself!
No kidding.
Arima! You should do it too! Don't worry, we can win!
Like hell, what are you thinking?!
Arima-kun too?!
Do you want us to lose?!
You're our class representative!
I said I'm not doing it!!
Think of your class! (Eyes:The Best)
Now, strip! C'mon!
Miyazawa, y...you have a glazed look in your eyes!
NOOO!!
Rika-chan, Rika-chan!
What's up?
A new student just transferred into our class.
He's so cool! Check him out!
His name is Tonami Takefumi-kun,
and he came from Okinawa!
Tonami Takefumi?
Do you know him?
Oh...Um... no, it must be someone else.
Oh, but I hear Tonami-kun used to live around here.
Sena Rika...
What? Takefumi's HERE?!
It must be someone else.
I thought it might be him too, but he was a totally different person.
I guess there are people with the same name.
Oh...
Ahhh, Takefumi... it really brings back memories.
I hope he didn't get picked on in Okinawa.
What?
Aren't you the one who'd be in the most hot water if Tonami came back?
Why?
You've quieted down a lot recently, but you were really mean back in middle school.
You used Tonami as your gopher, or rather, your lackey or even, your very own servant.
I bet Tonami really resented it.
You'll definitely be a target for revenge some day.
Sakura Tsubaki.
I'm opposed!
Should we allow such an extremely frivolous feature as a dinner show...
This only has profits in mind
and deviates from the original objective of a Culture Fair! (Text: *Culture* fair)
But the girls sports teams' hostess lounge has been approved...
Huh?
It appears that 1-A is concerned that we will have high profits.
They must be really afraid of us.
Who are you?
Fukada Kouhei, 1-F representative.
The proposer of the Asaba Hideaki Dinner Show project.
The producer, I suppose.
Who the hell is this guy?! He's really annoying, especially his face.
Do you really think you can hold a dinner show in a high school?! Stop it at once!
I'll never give it up!
1-A never had a chance of winning.
The overall winner will be 1-F.
1-A is sure to finish last... LAST!
Last?!
Don't say that!
Miyazawa's going to...
Ah
I'm number one!!
I SAID, 1-F will be number one!
Well, when I hear words like first place and profit, my battle-thirsty blood gets boiling.
And you were just saying that you weren't interested in the Culture Fair.
I hate to admit it, but this dinner show is a good plan.
It's a good choice that thoroughly makes the most of pheromone-boy's sexy energy.
And we shouldn't underestimate Fukada's producing and political power.
1-A is rather lacking in a winning tactic.
Even if we can't take first place,
it'll be enough if everyone in 1-A has fun.
How disgustingly beautiful!
I can't stand such pure ideals!
There's no point if you can't come in first!
Oh, um... we're all alone, aren't we.
Your body...
I'm a guy, so I don't know much about that kind of thing...
Oh, I'm fine. Don't worry.
Besides, how should I put it...
I was so happy.
Happy?
You're always gentle when you touch me.
I can tell that you care about me.
Oh, I do try to do that for you too,
although I end up kicking and hitting you all the time!
But I do have good intentions!
Doing work together like this really makes me realize we're back in school again.
Yeah.
I wonder if we won't be able to see each other much like during the Athletics Festival.
Who knows. I wouldn't want to think about that.
As long as you are by my side, I am...
I'm home!
Let's eat!
Thanks for the meal! Good night!
Yaay! It's done!
Hooray! Great job!
What?
What've you been writing since yesterday?
Oh, just a little screenplay.
Tsubaki said before that our group has talent well suited for a play, right?
Well, that gave me an idea.
I've been thinking about it all vacation.
Rika and Tsubaki have their clubs, so they can't do it.
But the three people with nothing to do are really distinctive, so it was easy to write up.
I think this would really work if we did it in public.
Oh, those three are Yukinon,
Maho-san, and Tsubasa.
How about we do this at the Culture Fair?
Ah?
The new semester opens with a storm!
Sis runs about trying to escape Aya-chan's evil reach.
But unrelated to that,
Tonami Takefumi's surprising past comes to light!
What is his relationship with Tsubaki?!
See next Act
