nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
Do you want him to come back?
Or do you not?
What? Morita-san went to America?!
And you don't know when he's coming back?
And his room is filled with Matsumoto meters?
Note: a reference to Leiji Matsumoto's Galaxy Express 999.
Well... I still can't believe it myself.
What is he going to do in America?
Study? Work as a foreign laborer?
Can Morita-san even speak English?
I'm only interested in his room.
When I put it into words, the reality of the situation wore off more and more...
And even I started wondering if this was really happening.
But...
He's not kidding.
Did Morita-san really go?
Without telling us anything?
On top of that, he suddenly went off to America and we don't even know when he's coming back?
Well, he did disappear randomly a lot, so maybe this is expected of him.
What about his tuition and visa?
We need to pay rent to our landlord in person. What will he do now?
What about his notice of absence for school?
Oh, but I guess he might not need one since he only has his graduate thesis left.
I couldn't gather anything from the expression on her small and still feverish face.
Do you want him to come back? Or do you not?
I wonder what that was supposed to mean...
Why did he ask me something like that?
Will Morita-san come back right away if I told him that I wanted him to?
If that's the case, that question isn't for me.
Not for me, but...
Hagu-chan, do you want Morita-san to come back?
Or do you not?
What's wrong, Takemoto-kun?
Hey, what good will asking her that do?
Please tell me.
I don't want him to.
I don't want him to come back.
I think it's good to keep trying until you've tried everything you've wanted to do.
What kind of response did I want from her?
Her response wasn't that of a delicate girl in love.
It was more straightforward, more powerful...
Am I slow?
I didn't notice that Hagu-chan liked Morita-san at all.
I lived with her for a year and didn't notice.
What should I make of my slowness as a girl?
It's fine.
I think that's one of your good points, Yamada.
What?
I feel that you're just saying that I'm insensitive.
Who cares about sensitivity?
What? I'm not going to help you make your pottery anymore!
All right, I think it's pretty good.
Thanks. But this is unexpected.
A construction design office even needs to obtain the ceramics that will be displayed in a restaurant's lobby?
Yeah, when we take on the entire project like this time.
It must be hard work.
No, it's fun... and educational.
Next up are two beige-colored 38 cm ones.
They'll be big, so we should make them by hand.
You really saved me.
These things would be pretty expensive if we had to buy them.
I'll make sure to ply money from them to pay you.
But I'll apologize beforehand if we end up paying you with items.
Paying with items? What would I get?
Like a small fountain that's no longer being used.
Or a large table for a model room.
Or a replica of Venus de Milo.
Ask for anything you want.
If I can ask for anything...
Just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
I'll make sure to get money for you.
But hey...
If Hagu-chan has been thinking about Morita-san but hasn't realized that it's love...
Well, yeah.
Since depending on how you look at it, it might also mean that she doesn't have the mental capacity to consider a relationship.
And on top of everything, we're talking about Morita-san.
Yeah, he tears anyone who gets serious about him to shreds.
stress
Love sure is difficult.
Seriously.
It kind of pisses me off when you say it, Mayama!
Yamada, I'm sorry. I really might've stepped on something I shouldn't have.
The fact that you're apologizing pisses me off even more!
That's right! Ramen! How about the one from Tenka Ippin? I'll pay!
I see. So he's gone.
That man is like a runaway train with his overflowing talent.
I've already been enlightened regarding the fact that it's best for us to let him do as he pleases.
But America all of a sudden?
That man doesn't pay attention to anything other people say.
But... he really paid attention to your works.
He said, I've never seen anyone but myself make something that huge.
nandaka dou demo yoku natte gozen chuu sabotte shimatta
I didn't really care, so I skipped the morning classes.
miesuita iiwake wo shitara yokei meittekita
Making poor excuses just made me more depressed.
kinou no yoru kanojo ga tabeta poteto chippusu no fukuro
The bag of chips she was eating last night
terebi wo minagara nondeta biiru mo sono mama teeburu ni...
and the beer she was drinking while watching the TV are still on the table.
saenai hibi da to wa omou
These days feel pretty dull to me,
ironna koto kangaechairu kedo
though I think about various things.
denwa kurai yokose to kazoku wa iu
My family says, Can't you at least call?,
hanaseru koto wa betsu ni nani mo nai kedo
but I don't really have anything to talk about.
tsumaranai to yoku kanojo wa iu
She says, I'm bored a lot.
mou sugu shougo sorosoro ikanakucha
It's almost noon, I guess I should get going.
Huh?
Hagu-chan?
Her back as she poured all her heart into working on the canvas...
Morita-san's back as he was swinging the wood pick alone that night...
They're both in a world I can't enter.
And... distance doesn't exist in that world.
I'd rather have her brawl like usual and say that she wants him to come back soon.
It would've been far, far better.
I planted basil and beafsteak plants on my balcony in the beginning of summer.
They grew quickly under the summer sun.
But during one of the July typhoons, the tallest beefsteak plant...
Mom! There's trouble!
My mother looked at the snapped beefsteak plant and said...
That won't return to normal, so tear it off where it broke.
If you do that, a new stem will grow from there and new leaves will grow from it.
But I couldn't help but hesitate...
They didn't change at all after the stem snapped.
Teakettle: Hamabi
All right!
Hagu-chan...
I-Isn't she... kind of...
You're wonderful, Hagu!
It's really pretty!
I still have a hard time believing that the person who drew this is right in front of me.
I wonder if these are the cherry blossoms from this year...
The ones we all saw at the park?
Who knows...
It might be that all the cherry blossoms she's seen in her life are meshed together.
And even though we were all looking at the same cherry blossoms...
Modern Art
What's wrong, Hagu?
You broke that huge squeegee?
Where in your body does such monstrous strength reside?
It really scared me.
Here. Have some tea and donuts.
I can't fix this.
We'll have to buy a new one.
Oh, no! Hagu-chan, did you wash your hands?
She's not working with clay today, so it should be okay.
Geez, Sensei...
That's right! Let's go see the fireworks, Hagu-chan!
Fireworks?
That's right! They're pretty.
We'll put on yukata and geta, dress up, and eat caramel apples.
Yukata: a type of kimono worn in the summer; Geta: wooden sandals.
Yukata... fireworks...
Caramel apples...
I'll go!
All right, it's decided.
Let's all go together.
The fireworks festival, huh?
Come to my house. We'll lend you a yukata.
It's going to be by the riverbank tonight, right?
It's sudden, but I wonder if Mayama-san will also make it...
I'll ask him quickly.
Ayu's ear!
Oh, is this Mayama-san? Actually...
But isn't Mayama busy?
That's right. It starts around 7:30 or 8:00.
He might not be able to come. Um... um...
Ayu, you're spilling!
Huh? A party to celebrate the end of a job?
A mahjong tournament?
Oh, I guess it won't work out, then. I'll invite you again some other time.
Ayu, you're spilling!
Hey, Mayama. It's been a while.
So I hear that you're busy?
It's okay. You don't need to go through all that trouble to come.
It's all right. We're all having fun over here.
Oh, no! I'll go!
At 8:00! No, I'll be there by 7:30!
Please call me on my cell phone. I'll be near the bridge by the levee!
Mayama says that he's coming.
Yamada Liquor Store
Please excuse my intrusion.
This is Aunt Akiko.
She runs a kimono store in Kouenji.
I'm Hanamoto Hagumi. I'll be in your care today.
My, my. She really is small, isn't she?
Now which one shall we wear?
Wow, they're wonderful!
Let's see... How about this one for you, Ayumi?
Which one should I choose? This is nice. Oh, but that's nice, too.
But isn't that a little too mature, Aunt?
Something that's a little mature fits girls your age perfectly.
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
You need to show off your sexiness and get an iron grip on his heart!
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
Don't you have a man or two you want to emasculate?
Jade (extra-large)
Jade (extra-large)
I'd love to go with this, Aunt!
Oh, Sister...
Th-Then I'll go with this!
Oh, you want to go with the sexy look, too?
All right! Let's do our best, Hagu-chan!
But you two need to go take a bath first!
Yamada Liquor Store
We'll put on your yukata afterwards.
Go cleanse your bodies and get fired up!
Yes'm!
30 minutes later...
W-Well...
There's no need for you to be fixated on the flower stems.
That's right, Sister.
See, even if you choose one with good designs, it'll match as long as the color does.
No, it won't.
Now that it's come to this, we'll pull out our last stop!
Please go borrow the one we made two years ago for Kayo-chan from the sushi restaurant!
Okay, Sister!
Yukata...
Just you wait. I'm sure that I'll turn you into a real beauty!
Ayu, we'll start with you!
Aunt Aki, do I really have to wrap this around me?
You have ample breasts, so if you don't put that on, they'll sit prominently on the obi.
Obi: a wide belt worn with a kimono.
If you don't want to wrap the towel around you, would you rather put this bra on?
Oh, no. This isn't romantic at all!
What, you're planning to take it off today?
I'm so sorry. Your aunt is so inconsiderate.
I have no such plans! I'm sorry!
I'll wrap it! I just need to wrap it around me, right?
Oh, you don't need to wrap it around yourself. You don't have any curves.
All right, we're done!
Yamada Liquor Store
Isn't this a little too mature-looking?
My, you look wonderful, Ayu.
It really suits you.
You think so?
See, that says it all.
Ayu! You're beautiful!
Well then, I guess the problem is over here.
Ribbon obi and a goldfish pattern...
No matter how you look at it, it's for an elementary school student.
Yukata...
Sheesh. What's her problem? It fits her so well that it's almost scary.
Hagu-chan, you look cute! Seriously!
Sexy...
I guess it can't be helped.
I made this to sell at the store, but...
Here, I'll give this to you.
And I'll lend you this.
It's a hairpin I made from an obi stopper.
See? It looks good on you.
Ayu! What do you think?
It's pretty, Hagu-chan.
Goldfish! Goldfish! Butterfly! Butterfly!
Rather, the main problem is the fact that it fits you that well.
Cute! Cute! Cute!
You don't need to push yourself.
It's best to wear what fits you.
Isn't that right?
Yes!
What? You're going to see the fireworks, Ayu?
Butcher Matsumoto
Want to take some beef shish kebab with it? I'll add some fried chicken, too!
bread and cake
Oh, Ayu and Hagu-chan!
Yukata, huh? That's nice.
Maru
Sushi
Ayu, you look cute!
All right, take this roll sushi with you!
Wow, we got a lot of food.
Ayu, you're amazing! You're so popular!
Say... Hagu-chan...
Does this look good on me?
Ayu?
Hey!
Over here!
Hey, Takemoto-kun!
Wow, Yamada-san and Hagu-chan. You're both really pretty!
Very nice.
So sexy.
Oh, thank you.
Mayama called and said that he'll be here soon.
As expected from a man who hates being left out.
I-I see.
Hey, Hagu-chan...
What is it, Ayu?
Does this really, really look good?
It's not weird? Is it okay?
It's fine.
Don't I look weird with my forehead showing?
It really looks good on you, Ayu.
I guarantee it.
Oh, there's Mayama-san.
Yo.
You came early.
Yeah, I skipped out on the mahjong.
Huh? Where's Yamada?
Yamada-san, Mayama-san's here.
Why are you over there?
Yo, Yamada.
It's been a while.
Yeah.
Wow, you have a lot of luggage.
Here. I'll carry it for you.
Yamada...
You look good in that yukata.
Wow, it's so pretty!
You look good in that yukata.
Wanting to hear just those words...
All for those words from no one but you.
I hoped that maybe your heart would tilt just a little bit towards me.
Ayu... what's wrong?
Why do I always end up dreaming?
Over and over, never getting tired of it, like a fool repeating the only thing he knows.
When I went out on the balcony a few days later...
the snapped beefsteak plant was writhing on the ground, unable to hold up its own weights.
It was just like my mom said.
I had no choice but to tear it off where it snapped.
There was no choice but to break it there and let it grow a new stem.
But I still become hopelessly confused.
Unable to break this feeling...
Unable to break...
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Next episode: I touched her in my dream.
