nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
It's been almost a week since I started aimlessly pedaling my bicycle.
I withdrew some money and bought a lot of things from the 100 yen shop.
The compass, the map of Japan, and the wristwatch are especially useful.
With these, I can finally travel with a plan in mind.
What surprised me the most on my journey was how quickly you become hungry when you've been pedaling the entire day.
I quickly lose strength if I don't eat at least five times a day.
I learned very well that the food you eat acts as gasoline for your body.
What surprised me was that there aren't many places to camp out in Japan.
There's a lot of open space, but people can't sleep restfully unless they're by a tree or a wall.
It's something I learned for the first time on my travels.
It's rather stressful to get water where there aren't any public facilities.
Huh?
Water?
Take all you want.
Usually, people gradiously share some with me.
What? Water?
Who are you anyway?
No, no, what are you talking about?
Of course, events like this aren't rare either.
I've had to ask many different people, but I get nervous every time.
Homes and the people that live in them resemble each other.
Where in the world did you come from?
You got so much baggage.
Bag: Supermarket
Here, take these, too.
Thank you so much.
Not only water, but even food?
You really saved me!
Thank you very much!
Yes, yes, just be careful.
If you were to liken me to a house, I wonder what I'd look like...
I hope I look like that one...
I want to become something like that.
My, how lovely.
You've outdone yourself again, Yamada-san.
What a toughie...
Maybe we should go with the milk white?
But the ash gray is hard to pass up...
Yeah...
Miwako-san, it's a text message for you.
Oh, it's from Nomiya.
Nomiya
I still haven't seen the dunes. Luigi sucks. He just abandoned all his work!
Looks like he's struggling.
Yamada-san, please send him a message to encourage him, too.
Oh, but I don't have a cell phone...
That's right, you don't have one...
Then I'll send one for you.
Okay, go ahead.
Oh, okay...
U-Um...
I'm sure it's tough, but please watch your health and do your best with your job in Tottori.
What? That's so dull.
Isn't there something you want to say to him?
Like about how he went to Tottori without telling you anything?
Well, that's true. If he's going to be gone in Tottori for half a year, he should've just told me when I saw him the other day...
And... Ah! Miwako-san, you don't need to type all that!
Whoa... Miwako-san, you're too fast. hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhI can't keep up...
You don't need to type all that, got it.
What does the message say?
Oh, it's nothing.
Huh?
What is it? Nomiya, your ears are red!
What are you doing feeling pressured over a kid? You're so immature.
But it looks like there might be a chance for you.
I'm glad for you.
From Miwako.
What is it, seriously?
INBOX
MIWAKO
Really now... she's a terrifying person.
I heard that you didn't submit a piece to the Marine Light Exhibit or the Four Seasons Exhibit?
You could've become the youngest person to win an award.
What's the point if you don't do it now?
You've been invited to study at an art school in Italy, but I hear that you're going back to the countryside after graduation?
Art isn't so easy that you can improve your skills out in the countryside.
I don't understand.
You have the ability to make anything possible, if you just gave it a try. So why?!
You're selfish!
Kouda-sensei, Hagu will keep drawing.
That's why she's returning to the countryside.
So... please don't think of her that way.
Shuu-chan...
Am I selfish?
Kouda-sensei, you see, has been through a lot.
She wanted to become a painter, studied alone in Paris for many years, and worked so hard she became ill.
So I think she's agitated by your talent.
Hagu, I think Kouda-sensei's opinion is correct.
But I don't think that her opinion is absolute.
What's important is that no matter what path you choose, you don't make an excuse out of it.
My savings are almost half gone.
I can't move forward without money.
When my money is half gone is when I have to turn around.
Hey, this way!
Why did I run out?
Where am I headed to?
What will I find if I keep going like this?
Maybe I should head back?
These thoughts plagued my mind as I went along my travels.
But I wonder why...
Right now, I still can't...
makka na tsuki ga yobu
The crimson moon calls me
boku ga umareta tokoro sa doko darou
I was born there... but where is it now?
kiiroi tsuki ga yobu
The yellow moon calls you
kimi ga umareta tokoro sa
It's where you were born
shimetta kibako no naka de
It looks like we were able to meet
meguriaeta mitai da ne
Inside that damp wooden box
kyou no hi yukai ni sugiteyuku
Today is fun and passing by
mou sayonara da yo kimi no koto wa wasurenai
It's time to say goodbye now, I won't forget about you
Passing through the tunnel, I came to a really beautiful spot.
Matsushima...
It's the first tourist spot that I've visited on my trip.
Even though it's a place you'd normally come to on a bullet train from Tokyo,
I made it here on a bicycle...
I'm a little... just a little... proud of myself.
Buigan-ji, huh?
It's been a while since I've been to a Buddhist temple...
Admission Ticket Vending
ADULTS
(incl. College, School, Sr. High)
700 YEN
KIDS
(Jr. High, Elementary School)
400 YEN
For those who are here by themselves, please use the ticket vending machine.
A-Admission is 700 yen?!
This is frustrating... it's right in front of me, but I can only see the gate...
Although the gate by itself is plenty impressive...
Amazing...
For an age without fret-saws or slicers...
Now that I think about it, my mind was only on pedaling, and I hadn't been looking at the scenery, like temples.
I should start looking at temples from now on.
Since I've come this far, after all...
No way...
The chain...
Y-You can't be serious!
What should I do now? My bicycle's totaled...
Hey, white fellow, any ideas?
Er... um...
No! Uh...
A-Actually...
Your stomach can rumble all it wants but you're not getting any!
Well, I... wasn't thinking of that...
Want some?
Shin-san, eat it up!
I made that bento with all my heart.
To be blunt, your bento has too much rice.
And there are too little sides.
You fill the damn thing with just pickles.
Make some real sides, like something fried.
Actually, the green cayenne pepper is too hot!
How is that my fault?
I just hit the pepper!
I'm sorry, Gramps!
Have some.
But...
It's okay.
We're restoration workers.
Or rather, it might be more accurate to call us temple carpenters.
We go around the country fixing Buddhist and Shinto temples,
and once one work is complete, we move on to the next town.
We're always moving around, just like nomads.
I see...
Our chief is at a different temple right now.
So I'm the director here for today.
Okay then, let's start our afternoon work.
Um, thank you for the meal!
You really helped me out.
I'll clean up here.
Really?
Then, please do.
Oh, and...
Is there anything I can do?
What do you mean?
I see...
This is pretty worn... it might be finished.
Is it really gone?
Where did you ride this from?
From Tokyo.
Tokyo?!
Wow, you came all the way to Sendai with this old one-gear bicycle?
Hm, from Tokyo, huh?
That sure is a lot of work.
Chief.
Everyone, attention.
There's an absentee in the Sandai-ji group.
Kiyoshi is going home.
Yasu and Taka need to gather up their belongings and move to Kyoto tomorrow.
Hey, wait a second, Chief!
If two of our members leave, what are we supposed to do?
Sheesh, that's why I was opposed to letting Kiyoshi in.
The youngsters these days can't be trusted!
Shut up, you 18-year-old!
You're precisely one of those youngsters these days!
To be honest, they don't have much time until the deadline.
I'll leave things over here to you, Shin.
I understand.
Please handle operations and checks, Kamekichi-san.
Leave it to me.
E-Excuse me!
Um, may I please work here?
What I learned in school might not be of any use here...
But... I'll do anything, even throw away scrap.
I want to make money to fix my bicycle.
What in the hell are you...!
Pipe down.
Chief?
You're the construction coordinator.
The work's cheap and tough.
Shuu-chan...
I wonder how Takemoto-kun is doing?
Well, I don't know.
But...
But?
I just hope that he's been able to find at least a clue.
I hope Takemoto-kun isn't lonely all by himself.
He probably is.
Loneliness comes over you like a wave...
But then disappears before you know it.
So it goes, on and on.
It's the same for everyone.
Shuu-chan, too?
Yeah.
Because of Takemoto, I'm reminiscing about the past.
Harada, I'm lonely...
This is the eleventh day for Takemoto-kun...
Excuse me!
Which floor for you?
Oh, my goodness! The two of you came together?
That must've been heavy, Yamada-san.
I would've sent a car over if you just called.
What should I do?
What should I do?
Is coffee okay for both of you?
Y-Yes.
Thank you.
Not at all! It's not a problem!
Please have a seat!
It's her...
This is the person Mayama is in love with...
The unexpected duet of dreams by the two stars...
H-Help me, Nomiya, Yamazaki!
Something... I need to say something.
Um, where's Mayama today...?
He's out at a meeting...
Could it be that you're Yamada-san?
Yes.
Um, I'm a year younger than Mayama-kun, but we were in the same class...
And I've been working for this place, half thanks to his introduction...
I see.
I'm glad that Mayama isn't here...
That he's not here...
That I didn't have to see the two of them together.
I'm really glad.
You really make beautiful dishes, Yamada-san.
This is hand-twisted.
What's wrong?
My heel...
I-I'm sorry...
I'm sorry...
I'd been thinking lately that my heels were sounding creaky.
Oh, I'm actually pretty good at this.
Here, it's done.
I swapped out the filling inside the insole and made emergency repairs with super glue.
I'll take it tomorrow to the store that I bought this at for repairs.
Thank you so much.
It's nothing.
It's a delicate and beautiful shoe...
I wonder if it's her favorite?
It looks like she's been wearing it gently for a long time.
There are signs that it's been fixed a few times.
I bet Mayama fixed it for her...
I see, so you met Rika.
It seemed to me like she wasn't taking proper care of herself.
Even though she's so emaciated and needs to use a cane...
She wears such delicate-looking high heels...
It can't be helped.
They're Rika's treasure.
Her late husband bought them for her.
They're precious to her.
More so than herself?
In a way.
That's... terrible...
She's so beautiful...
And so full of wounds...
Thank you so much for driving me.
Please don't worry about it.
Hamabi is on the way.
I-I see...
Yes.
Um...
I think that it might be dangerous for you to be wearing shoes with such high heels...
That's true...
I should watch out.
She smiled a little as she said that.
Just like a flower soaked in the rain.
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Next episode: And so, I begin to run.
