nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
Ugh! She reeks of alcohol!
I'm sorry for calling you up on the morning of your day off, Big Sis.
I'm sorry...
Alcohol
Wafting
To think a day would come when Nomiya would ask me to do something like this...
But you... just how much did you drink to smell like this?
For a moment I thought a huge Nara pickle came in!
Note: Nara pickles are pickled in sake.
Nara Pickles
I'm sorry...
Were you guys drinking here as well?
Yeah, Mayama and his friend were here...
They were here... until... a few... minutes... ago...
Nomiya, you seem sleepy.
Do you want me to drive?
I'm sorry...
Please.
Yamada Liquor
Damn it, Ayu!
Where the hell were you last night?!
You didn't even call!
Um, excuse me...
Are you Yamada-san's father?
I'm Teshigawara from Fujiwara Design Office. It's nice to meet you.
Hello
I really must apologize...
We apparently allowed your daughter to drink a little too much at the flower viewing last night.
Here's some sweet red bean rice that I made.
Please have some.
Thank you for your generosity...
You've taken good care of my daughter...
I'm sure you were worried.
I'm really sorry, we tried to have her call home...
But she threw up, collapsed,
threw up
collapsed
and then passed out...
passed out
(All the truth)
T-That must have been a lot of trouble...
You good-for-nothing daughter!
So, was that passable?
It was magnificient.
I'm in your debt.
But the stench sure was powerful...
Really, how much did she drink?
Well, let's see...
Even on the ferris wheel, she stank of alcohol... even though the small window was wide open.
Ventillation
I'm sorry!
Yep, yep. That surprised me.
A ferris wheel? That's a rather elegant thing for you to ride on, Nomiya.
So, how was it?
What do you mean?
That brat was saying that you're the type to take her, eat her, and throw her away.
That brat.
Oh... that brat.
Oh... that brat.
On that matter... well, let's just say I wasn't able to live up to his expectations.
I mean...
Being the cushion for a failed love is like pulling the short straw.
What a luxurious cushion she has.
And what about Yamada-san?
He's asleep.
He crashed just now.
Tired out from playing, huh?
He's still just a child.
How is Miwako-san's bento?
This is a wonderful combination!
This beef sausage and the yellow pickled radishes and this riceball!
She's a good person!
Aren't they good? Miwako-san is the rice-mixing captain.
Hold on a second! I'll make you some riceballs!
I want to go again.
I like that place.
Fujiwara Design?
Sure.
boots
flare
light blue
high waist
pink
snore
But this man sure is an interesting creature...
Are these clothes custom-made?
How's this?
Bubble: Hideki is overwhelmed
That's the greatest, all right! The greatest in lameness!
That's cool.
Let's go again, Morita-san.
Yeah, I'll go again!
Beef!
Note: random pun - Iku, iku, gyuuniku! (Go, go, beef!)
Hello?
I was asleep...
Yeah, sure.
Where are you now?
Me?
I'm at the office.
Yeah.
Bubble: Time for me to take off my boots and eat breakfast!!
Good morning.
Oh, geez. Mayama.
Could it be that you haven't slept?
Was the phonecall from Nomiya-san?
Yeah.
What did he say?
That he's gonna drive Yamada-san home and he needs me to take a hit for him.
That's not like him to mess up.
Where are they now?
Yokohama.
They're going to ride the ferris wheel now.
If they were to say that it's just a misunderstanding, then that's that.
But I thought to myself... that it's all right now.
Would you like to ride it?
You've been looking at it this whole time, so I thought that you might like to.
The whole time?
Really?
I had noticed.
That it was mixed in amongst the vast amount of sample photographs that Nomiya-san had taken.
What was he thinking as he closed the shutter?
But the pictures of the ferris wheel that he took all felt somehow familiar...
No, it's fine.
That thing is probably... more for looking at from the outside.
It must be a place that was within him this whole time, and...
Now then, shall we get going?
Yeah.
I should ask Nomiya-san about it the next time I see him...
How it felt to ride the ferris wheel for the first time.
I wonder why...
On T.V. or in magazines,
love seems fun
land colored with happiness.
But why is...
my love...
so sad...
and despicable?
There are times when wishing for my happiness is on the opposite side of the coin to wishing for another's misery...
Then what should I be praying for?
If that's the case...
Morita-san!
Yo.
Hey, Morita-san, I heard!
You weren't actually hurt?
And here I was, seriously worried!
What the heck? Why are you always so carefree?
I was the one that was worried.
Both Mayama and I.
Morita-san...
You don't seem to realize this, so I'll tell you now.
You're an incredibly fortunate person!
Two grown men spent an entire night sitting together and worrying over you!
So...
Please don't be so irresponsible.
I'm begging you. Please?
What the heck?
What the heck? Morita-san, you idiot!
You worried about me?
When you disappeared so inexplicably yourself!
I'm sorry.
Y-You didn't even contact us for a year!
I'm really sorry.
Morita-san kept apologizing and promised me with a straight face that he'd leave a TV-phone the next time he departs.
Then we held hands as we went home.
Since I'm unable to pray for myself, I instead prayed to the moon floating in the night sky...
Sensei?
Hey.
Why did you decide to become a teacher, Sensei?
I wonder why...?
Was it just on a whim?
Well, the people that I lived with in the past...
Rectus abdominis
Rectus abdominis
Even thought they could draw and make anything to the point where it ticked me off...
Hanamoto-kun, what's rectus abdominis?
But you have it drawn already!
They'd fail art history or anatomy hopelessly.
17th Century Dutch Style
Mannerism
Shuu! What's mannerism? What's 17th century Dutch style?
So if you raise your arm like this, both your scapula and clavicle rise.
And since there are two bones past your elbow.
I see! That's amazing.
So you have the names of all the bones and muscles in your head?
Well, yeah.
Then why is he so bad at sketches?
Yeah...
Don't say that!
Hanamoto-kun, please teach me more.
Me too! Me too!
You guys are hopeless.
Those two were so persistent.
But seeing their happy faces asking me questions made the experience fun.
So I thought to myself, Ah...
I guess that's about it.
They must've been counting on you.
It really lifts me up, you saying that.
When I first enrolled, I was wondering, Why did I ever enter an art school?
Everybody was so good!
I believed I was pretty good up'til then,
so the shock was even greater.
Sensei says that and laughs...
But from my point of view, I think he's amazing.
And I'm also very envious.
To find people who need you, and to continue to answer to their needs.
He's found a place for himself on his own.
Sensei.
I asked Hagu-chan.
About what she's going to do after she graduates.
How did she respond?
I'll go back to the countryside.
And I'll draw everyday, while I tend to the gardens and the chickens. Just like I did before I came here.
In the country, there's plenty of room and a dirt floor, so I can make anything.
And I'll sometimes have my work displayed at an art gallery that Shuu-chan knows.
I just need enough money to buy rice and art materials.
Just as long as I can keep drawing.
I do want to stay here with everyone...
But the rent in Tokyo is too high...
Plus, I don't want to trouble Shuu-chan...
It made me realize that even Hagu-chan is thinking about her future, and it made me feel pathetic.
I see.
Pineapple!
What? Nobody's here?
If you all went out to do something fun without me...
Korobokkur!
The one on the right is for the Four Seasons exhibit, and the one on the left must be for the Marine Light competition.
Am I right?
Hey!
What the hell is that?
Why is she drawing things like that?
Those aren't bad for being an artist in Japan.
Why don't you make her stop?
That's for her to decide.
You should already know!
That she's a person who needs to experience the wider world!
People all over the world could meet her at any time if they just go to an art museum.
For a 100 years, or even 300 years later.
She's capable of making things that will keep living, even after she dies!
Maybe so.
But a life where you leave nothing else is...
How many females are mentioned in art history texts?
And among them, how many of them led a happy life?
She might not be able to leave anything behind, no matter how much she draws.
Even then, she won't be able to rest.
Her mind may never be at peace.
Can you really call that happiness?
Isn't it your duty to look after her for that?!
That's true...
Yes.
Your prince isn't the type that would tell me, Isn't it your duty to look after her?
Sure. I understand.
I'll be right there.
A world that I couldn't see, no matter how hard I strained my eyes.
Dreams and aspirations that I wasn't able to fulfill.
Perhaps I'm trying to achieve them through Hagu?
But... is that really happiness for Hagu?
Isn't that just my ego?
Can I honestly say that it's not the case?
Hey, Nomiya!
Harada Design Office
Representative
A business card for Harada Design?
Huh? Sixth floor?
Wasn't Harada Design...
Yep. She made the sixth floor the office and the seventh floor became exclusively Rika-san's residence.
I'm so glad.
You're glad?
I mean, since she's with such a dangerous individual all day long, I've really been worrying!
He might be burying his face in the bathtowel that Rika-san uses.
Perhaps he's rubbing the edge of the bathtub, saying, Ah... this is where Rika-san must be...
Oh, I was so worried!
So, in reality, how was it?
I haven't done that!
There's no way I'd do something like that!
It's not as if I'm a pervert...!
So you did...
Harada Design Office
Representative
Hey, was our adolescence this sour?
Hey, why don't we call it quits to teasing him soon?
At this rate, he's gonna do something ridiculous!
Oh no, we still have a long way to go!
Well, this seriously feels like a punishment game...!
It's like having my picture album from my student days that I don't even want to see anymore just pushed into my face...
Or it's like... a rerun of my adolescence...
Like a rerun of my ado lesc ence...
Note: the symbols in the back are the first-year driver bumper stickers for cars in Japan.
You had times like that, too, Nomiya?
I can't believe that!
There was a time when I was adorable, too.
Moreover, while I don't want to admit to it, Mayama and I are alike.
Enthusiasm
Restraint
Indecisiveness
Pathetic ness
And, as if to spite me, he walks around in front of me...
Restraint, Regrets, Enthusiasm, Indecisiveness, Patheticness, Jealousy
Escape Successful
Wearing everything that I tried so hard for years to get rid of!
Assumption, Adolescence, Mistaken Confidence, Regret, Patheticness, Enthusiasm, Jealousy
Suit of Adolescence
I actually... can't stand it!
But apparently Mayama understands that, and it bothers him, too.
It seems he really hates to make mistakes in front of you.
Nomiya-san is cool, but I have a hard time dealing with him.
Really, what makes you say that?
It's weird to have in front of you a completed form of what you aspire to be.
Doesn't he say the cutest things?
Really. A completed form?
Heh! What completed form?
click click
It's embarrassing that he can say something like that so casually.
But...
That girl prefers the incomplete version...
Sure makes me lose face...
You're really into your work.
Why don't you take a break and have some tea?
Oh, sure.
But you must've been really concentrating.
I had been hoping for some souvenirs to hand out at the alumni association meeting...
But it seems there's enough for their entire families as well!
I'm sorry...
You only needed fourteen, didn't you?
Was there something on your mind?
I-I'm sorry.
No, no, it's fine.
When you can't find the answer, it's the best for you to just quietly work with your hands.
There are times when you can't find an answer, even if you sit at home and hold your head, or ask others for help.
But oddly enough, when you concentrate on one task and keep working at it...
You may find the answer lying in the hundredth plate that you create.
Work with diligence.
Sensei...
I understand!
Tub: Fancy
I'll go work on the remaining fifty-two!
That's my much-valued Shigaraki pottery clay!
Shigaraki Pottery Clay
Yamada-kun, my department's budget...!
All right, I'll do my best!
No! Please stop!
Sensei, I'm done cleaning up the archive.
Sensei?
Huh?
Hagu-chan...
Is she still around?
Hagu-chan?
It's no good...
What she needs to hear now isn't on the level of What's wrong? or I'll listen to your problems.
Those words won't reach her.
She's currently in a battle.
God...
Dear God
Is it more painful to cry when you can't do something you want to, or when you can't find what you want to do?
What does something I want to do mean?
What do I need to do to find that?
Will I become stronger if I can find that?
There's only one thing that I do know.
Even from her, who is crying so hard...
That even if I put everything I have into that task...
What I felt was an infinite...
I can't stop her tears.
Strength.
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Next episode: I've always been scared.
