nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
I wonder why?
Until now, I'd thought that a grown-up woman would no longer sing songs for herself.
Oh, right. We were celebrating the end of our assignment...
Blanket?
It was a song from an old movie that I'd seen on video before.
I held my breath and listened to that voice...
Why can't you just tell her that you like her?
You should stop looking at me.
thump
thump
I can see you, you idiot!
Morita-san!
Hello?
You're here right now?
Yeah. Can you come over? I've brought back the chair.
I'll carry it. It goes to the archives, right?
Thank you.
And please hand this to Tsukamoto-sensei.
I'm going to go stop by Hanamoto-kun's now.
Rika-san, um...
Thank you for the other day. I've added a 30 bonus to your wage.
Thanks to you, we'll be okay for a while.
Good luck with your graduation.
See you.
So you're not coming to the ceremony?
Right...
May I ask you to hand this to Kyoko?
Please give it to her along with the card.
And please congratulate Hashimoto-kun for me.
All right.
It's so strange that you're teaching here now.
When I'm speaking face to face with you like this...
I can't believe it's been so many years since then.
This room still has the same sunlight and scent...
It feels as if everyone is still here.
Yeah.
Say, Rika, what are you going to do from now on?
Who knows. I haven't decided yet.
Hey, isn't he waiting for you?
Are you going out?
Yes, Hanamoto-kun offered me a ride.
I'm going to get a new pattern book for wallpapers.
Oh, and I've been forgetting to tell you this...
Asai-san from Artcraft, who we worked with the other day, was saying that he got the tickets for the soccer game.
He was saying that he'd get in touch with you.
It seems he likes you.
You should go.
Are you okay with that? Won't the other company get him?
If that happens, then that's that.
It's better for him to have many options.
He should decide for himself when it comes to something this important.
Get a hold of yourself, Iron Lady! I don't want to see you like that!
Yo, Captain Broken Heart!
Just who are you calling Captain Broken Heart?!
Iron Lady, your panties are a little childish.
Patrasche... it's a Rubens painting...
Note: In the anime version of Dog of Flanders, Nello and Patrasche die in front of the Paul Rubens painting.
Oh no, his soul!
Push it back in, you idiot!
Hurry!
It'll put a blemish on the Iron Lady's background!
Well then, we'll meet at the bowling alley in Nakano.
No way, that's far away! Are we drinking after that?
Hey, is Takiguchi-kun coming?
Of course.
Your change is 240 yen.
Thank you.
Oh, do you want to come, Hanamoto-san?
You never come to something like this, so how about giving it a try?
Oh, but Hanamoto-san needs to work on her piece, right?
That's right. Your piece for the art museum was even featured in the newspaper the other day.
You're amazing. Your next one's going to be for a gallery, right?
Professor Takazawa was talking happily about it too.
Don't interfere with Hanamoto's work, he says.
You don't speak much, you sure are different.
Yeah, that's true.
You're probably not interested in socials, are you?
If it's for a gallery, then a statue won't do.
About tendencies...
Going overseas while you're young will give you a wider perspective.
When will your next work be completed?
Well, shall we get going?
Yeah.
See you, Hanamoto-san.
Sorry about that.
We'll be going then.
See ya!
Hanamoto-san needs to work on her piece, right?
When will your next work be completed?
There's an offer to make a documentary about you...
Hanamoto-san, you're...
Win an award while you're at school...
She's strange.
Enough pieces to make a personal exhibit...
Why don't you try studying in Europe?
It's all right, Hagu. Just make what you like.
Shape your thoughts and feelings into your work.
Shuu-chan...
There you are! I've found the Korobokkur!
Hairstyle is good! Ring, okay!
Tail, okay!
Mouse shoes, ready!
From today, you are Nezumi Mouse No. 1!
Nezumi: mouse in Japanese.
Now, come into the ring and duke it out.
Mouse No. 1?
Hey, what's wrong with you?
Are you broken?
What's this scratch?
Morita-san? Hagu-chan, is something the matter?
T-Takemoto, Mouse No. 1 isn't moving.
Hagu-chan, what happened?
Morita-san, could it be that you bullied her again?
D-Don't be ridiculous!
I was just...!
Just?
Just what?
Mouse No. 1?
Hagu-chan?
Hagu-chan, hold on for a little bit.
That's right, I-I need to go too!
You'll be all right. It's okay. Just let it all out.
They're not here!
They're not here!
Where did Mouse No. 1 and Takemoto go...?
Hey! Morita!
You're the one who stole the lumber from the archive room, aren't you?!
P-Pops, now isn't the time for that... Mouse No. 1 is...
What is this Mouse No. 1?
Listen seriously to what I'm saying!
How can you waste your talent on this silliness!
Hanamoto-sensei said he'll be here in about twenty minutes.
Can she sleep for a while longer?
Sure. It must be tough for her, though. This is her third time this month.
That often? But why?
To put it simply, it's due to stress.
Also, it seems that she's always been sickly.
It's no easy task to bear the weight of all the expectations placed on you and still manage to keep your own pace.
Although it's the job of the adults around her to assist her in that...
It's not easy for the other students to see her being so sheltered.
Some shun her, while others may vent their frustration on her.
No way...
Watching Hagu-chan made me fret a bit.
But still, I think she's a happy girl.
She has people by her side looking after her.
Excuse me.
I'm sorry for being late, Dr. Sato.
It seems I've caused you trouble.
It's all right. This is my job, after all.
Hagu, are you all right?
Can you get up?
Well then, thank you.
Thank you also, Takemoto.
It's nothing...
He says he'd like to become Hagu just once, to see the world through her eyes.
I wonder what it would look like, he says.
I wonder if the moon that I see is different from the one that Hagu-chan sees.
Shuu-chan...
What is it, Hagu?
I'm sorry.
Look, Hagu. It's your favorite huge moon, hanging low.
Isn't it pretty, Hagu?
If there is the May Sickness, then I guess I have the December Sickness.
May Sickness: the depression that newcomers experience in May, a month after admission to college of employment.
I don't know why, but I feel anxious.
The colorful illumination and the sound of the bells...
Are you happy right now?
Is there a place for you?
It feels as if they're asking those questions...
Oh no, I need to get ahold of myself! I'm not a kid anymore!
But...
Merry Christmas.
M-M-M-Morita-san...?
Adieu!
An invitation to a Christmas party?
Note: In Japan, Christmas is celebrated on Christmas Eve.
Christmas Party
Notice
12/24 7pm
Location: Hanamoto Seminar Room Bring Your Own Presents
Huh? A Christmas party?
Why should I have a Christmas party with my friends when I'm already 22?
And it's on the Eve, at that! I have better things to do...
Morita-san!
Christmas party?
Yeah, he came... wearing a Santa costume at that.
And for some reason, the location is this room...
Oh... you're right.
But, bring your own snacks and bring your own presents for a gift exchange...
Why is that guy so childish?
But...
Yaaay! It's a Christmas party!
But if it makes Hagu happy, well, I'll be okay with it... I guess.
A Christmas party?
Let's see... I don't have any plans for the 24th yet...
But I don't think I'll go... Mayama will be coming too, right?
If I go, it'll make him uncomfortable, so I...
What's wrong with you?
The scent of love...
Let me smell it! The scent of love!
What a nice scent!
Point!
Iron
A point for the Iron Lady!
Hooray for the Iron Lady!
The Iron Lady is the best!
Hooray for the Iron Lady!
Central Avenue
December 24th
10,000 yen, 10,000 yen.
Shuu-chan gave me 10,000 yen!
I wonder what I should eat?
There are seven people in all...
A roasted drumstick, flan, or tiramisu...
Something that would be enough for all and feels like Christmas...
I can't really think of anything like that.
Christmas... isn't fun for you?
No, it's not like that. I'm sorry, I spaced out.
Well, yeah... To be honest, I don't really like it.
I lived with just my mom, and she was a nurse.
So every year I attended the Christmas party in the pediatric ward at the hospital.
But even though everyone was acting cheerful, Christmas at the hospital had its unique atmosphere.
I don't know...
I'm sorry for being late, Nao!
Papa!
Merry Christmas, Papa!
Here you go, Yuta.
Hey, Mom...
Oh, I'm sorry. Hold on.
No!
There, there, what's the matter? Don't cry.
So during Christmas, I automatically smell the scent of disinfectants...
No... that pungent odor is probably...
Hey! What a huge ham roll!
Oh!
Oh!
Do you like ham? Or cheese?
Chicken drumsticks?
What do you like? What do you want to eat? Seaweed-wrapped rice crackers?
Hey, do you want to grill some mochi?
Could it be that she's trying to cheer me up?
Um, and... and...
All right! Let's buy a ton of stuff and get ready for the party!
Yeah!
Oh yeah, Hagu-chan, do you like spaghetti?
I love it!
I'm sorry for making you wait.
Mayama-kun...
That car over there is Hanamoto-sensei's, isn't it?
Are you going out?
Yes... what is it, all of a sudden?
I thought you'd be working...
I brought some refreshments.
Please have them in the car, if you'd like.
I'm sorry for being late.
No, it's nothing.
What's in that paper bag? It smells like coffee.
Mayama-kun brought it for me.
Oh, it's in a stainless steel thermo mug.
It's still hot... would you like some, Hanamoto-kun?
Well then, shall we get going?
Merry Christmas!
Spaghetti
napolitana
Wow, this is great!
salted cod roe
carbonara
meat sauce
mushroom sauce
You sure put some thought into this!
Yo. Is it okay if my sister joins too?
And what is this mountain of croquettes?
What are we supposed to do with all this?
Don't get so angry.
See? I even brought two cabbages!
Cabbages?
It can't be helped then...
Are you going to make us some salads, Yamada-san?
That should do it.
salt
salt
salt
salt
That's a man's dish...
Well then, cheers!
This is good!
Mayama!
Here's some more food.
So you came after all!
Were you turned down?
Oh, so Yamada is here too?
What, am I not supposed to be here?
Non-alcoholic
Non-alcoholic
Non-alcoholic
No, it's fine. It's perfectly fine.
That aside, stop drinking like that.
What is it?
Lie down for a bit.
What, Mayama, you idiot... I can drink more...
Beautiful legs...?
Don't worry, both of you will have legs like this when you grow up... see?
And why are you crying?!
You! Stop laughing!
This is truly a scene straight out of hell...
I shouldn't have come...
What about Rika-san?
She's at her husband's.
I see...
I see... Mayama, you...
You knew about it all already?
Did Rika talk to you about it?
Not really. But little by little...
It's been a year and a half since I started going there, after all.
I see...
Hey, Mayama...
mite minu furi no mainichi ni naresugite boku wa miushinatta
Too used to spend my days pretending not to see, I've lost my way.
It's Shuu-chan!
Cake!
Well, why don't we eat some cake?
Sure.
gara ni mo naku kyou kimi no yasashii kotoba ni jibun wo hidoku hajita
But today, your unusually kind words made me really ashamed of myself.
Well then...
Since it's almost midnight, why don't we drive the girls back home?
suiheisen no mukougawa ga maru de nozokeru gurai
The sky's too clear and without a single cloud...
Um, where does that girl live?
Oh, she lives across from the driving school at Kubo.
It's a liquor store next to the convenience store.
Yamada Liquor Store.
haresugita sora kageri wa hitotsu sae nai
As if I can see beyond the horizon.
I'm sorry, thanks for doing this.
Oh, I'm sorry, but can you clean up a bit and lock the door?
Got it.
See you.
dareka ga boku wo kegashita dakara boku mo hito wo uragittekita
Someone disgraced me, so I've been betraying others too.
ai no katachi wo baka rashii tsukurimono da to kosokoso waratta
I've been quietly laughing at the silliness of love.
Mayama!
What is it? You were awake?
Let's drink!
tooku de hakou ga yureteiru
The waves are shimmering in the distance.
Come on, now. You're a lightweight.
mou kanashii koto mo subarashii koto mo
I don't want to stamp down upon
He's laughing!
muriyari fumitsubushitakunai
Neither the sad nor wonderful things.
Look at his grin!
He must be having a fun dream.
It's kind of spiteful, damn you!
It's done!
Look! It's sparkly!
Merry Christmas.
It's really... really...
Beautiful!
akanai mabuta kosutte mieru
I rub my heavy eyelids to reveal
pastel moyou no mirai ni
A future in the shape of pastels
chiribamerareta kigou o tadoru
I follow the scattered symbols
taguri yoseta hyoujou
As my expressions were pulled in closer
nee nandakke sagashiteita mono
Say, what was it that we were looking for again?
are wa soune itsudakke
That's right, exactly when were those days
bokura ga inryoku ni sakarai nagara deatta koro
When we used to meet, denying the attraction that was forming between us?
sore ga waltz no you dane fushigi sa
It's like a waltz, isn't it? It's quite marveling
sasayaku youna komorebi no kousaten de
We paint away sceneries
futari waltz no youni ne mawari nagara
As we waltz and spin
egaki dashite yuku mono
Where the whispering sunlight falls through the trees and meet.
Next episode: Thinking about my mother back home.
