It's done!
A handmade tea cozy to keep the tea warm!
Now we can have warm black tea anytime!
It's round...
And a little chubby...
We can call you...
Pukkun?
Pukkun!
It's like it's alive. That's so cute!
Do your best, Pukkun!
Pukkun! Pukkun! Pukkun!
Yay!
nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
This is the story of the Fujiwara Design Office before Mayama-kun started working there.
N-No way.
What's wrong?
Miwako-san?
Title: Snapshots of fashion masters in different cities
What's the meaning of this?
I didn't spend money for this!
Get a hold of yourself, Miwako-san
What's Miwako-san crying over?
This, Takaido-san. This, right here.
What is this, a men's magazine?
That's Yamazaki!
But he's wearing a ridiculous shirt! And they're calling him a master of fashion?
Title: Snapshots of fashion masters in different cities
For real?!
Indeed.
The truth is that when we went to Asakusa-bashi for business...
Wow! Look, look!
Ayakusa Miyoshi
Men's Fashion
This design is ridiculous!
How very fashionable...
Evil
M-Miwako-san, is this really for me?
It had such an impact on her that she decided to buy it for Yamazaki's birthday.
It's fine, just wear it.
Even though she gave it to him as a prank...
Miwako-san, how do I look?
H-Huh?
He managed to look great in it.
I see.
No fun! No fun! No fun!
On top of that, he was featured in a magazine as a master of fashion.
So, she wanted to embarrass Yamazaki but ended up boosting his confidence instead...
Oh, that's right.
Tomorrow I'm going to Nakano! Right on!
Here, Yamazaki. I got you a present.
Nakano Hollywood
It's a T-shirt! Please try it on for me!
But I only just got a wonderful shirt from you the other day...
No worries, just try it on.
Evil
Um, I... t-this thing has a picture of a robot on it.
Evil
What was that?!
Um... I mean...
Thank you very much!
Next mont h...
The fashion master who smoothly displays a bold anime design!!!
This is the relaxed look that moves away a little bit from maturity!
Why?!
Aww hhhhMiwako-san, get a hold of yourself
He's looking good in that knockoff Mazindaiger X T-shirt.
He does it flawlessly, like it's second nature.
I'll go ahead and drop off these materials.
Miwako-san, maybe you should just give up already?
No matter what you say, he's really stylish, so he'll look good in almost anything you make him wear.
Never!
I must accept his challenge!
Please don't lose Miwako-san
All right, on my next business trip to Izu!
It's no use. Her eyes are already a different color.
Just you watch, Yamazaki!
Yamazaki! I bought this present in Izu for you!
Miwako-san!
He's in there!
Yamazaki!
Miwako-san!
He's in there again!
Fashion Lead
Yamazaki!
Miwako-san!
He's in there again!
He's more or less a regular...
Is he their exclusive model or something?
Miwako-san, maybe you should just give up already...
That's right!
We have a business trip to Nagoya together next week, don't we, Nomiya?
All right, Nomiya!
Dragonsale
Dragonsale
Dragonsale
Nana-chan
Let's find a dilapidated and fashionable shopping district quickly.
Aw, they're all closed already.
Well, it's already past 9PM after all...
But we start work at 9AM tomorrow and need to be on the bullet train by 5PM...
So, we need to at least get an idea tonight of where they might sell the bits and odds we're looking for.
Oh, my! I'm so happy!
What's the matter, Nomiya?
Why have you become so cooperative?
Kaneko-san from accounting asked me to end this ordeal already.
Save me, Nomiya!
I'll get scolded by the tax accountant!
account book
I can't pass these receipts from mysterious retail stores as company expenses!
Come on, let's go.
Oh, wait!
But hey, this is a battle, so...
Interior Sleepware
Yeah, yeah. Let's find the place already.
What's the matter, Nomiya?
Miwako-san...
That!
T-This is...!
Signs: The Expert Fashion Store for Pure Men Wada The Expert Fashion Store for Pure Men Dandy House Open til 8PM
D-Dandy House?
On top of that, Wada?!
Both in terms of what this storefront looks like and how the paint is peeling off the sign...
This place is perfect.
Awesome as always, Nomiya!
Looks like we've already won the battle!
First District
We'll fax you the official estimates tomorrow.
Please say hello to Mario-kun and Luigi-kun!
We have three hours until we need to catch the bullet train.
That's more than enough time!
Just you wait, Dandy House Wada!
And you too, Yamazaki!
Summer Clothes Lowest Prices On
Now In Stock Winter Clothes
How's this one?
Looks like a laminated captain's shirt.
That's nice! How much is it?
Pricey!
13,000 yen?!
This kind of attire is expensive for some reason.
That polo shirt over there is 28,900 yen.
Say, Nomiya. Isn't this polo shirt with the tiger on it better?
It's a jaguar, and anyway, no!
It's too expensive for just a challenge!
But to finish him off for sure, this animal print is more...
It's 28,900 yen!
But... I came all the way to Nagoya, and I can't come back here even if I wanted to...
Miwako-san, please calm down.
First of all, what will you do if you spend all that money and it actually looks good on him?!
G-Good point...
It'll be fine. This shirt is horrible enough.
You're right.
How embarrassing... it's such a bold design!
Hello, is this Dandy House Wada in Nagoya?
It looks good on him... Yeah, it looks great.
I'd like to place a telephone order.
I'll deposit the money immediately, so please have it delivered tomorrow.
Delivery!
It's here!
Yes, this is it! I should have gotten this in the first place!
Is this okay, Nomiya?
I'm kind of feeling sorry for Yamazaki...
Well, at this point, we have no choice but to let her continue until she's satisfied.
But next mont h...
T-T-T-T-The 28,900 yen...!
Title: Announcing the National Fashion Champion!! hhhhhhhhhCaptured while working in the neighborhood hhhhhhhhhA stylish adult who can boldly wear an unconventional design
It can't be...
I'm back!
Miwako-san?
Miwako-san!
P-Please get a hold of yourself, Miwako-san!
In the end, instead of embarrassing him, we made him into a fashion champion.
Miwako-san, are you okay?
Please swap this towel with another cold one...
I wonder if it's anemia...
I want to eat ice cream...
Pistachio, right? I've already bought some.
Please, ask for anything. I'll be here for you.
Ice cream!
Yes, yes.
Actually, most of these clothes were picked out for me by a senpai at work...
Content: A Comment from the Champion hhhhhTokyo/ Yamazaki Kazushi
I went to an all-boys high school and studied at a science and engineering college, so I was always surrounded by guys...
Thus, I'm really grateful for my senpai.
Actually, I'm currently in a one-sided love with her.
I want to become respectable and make a move on her, so I'll do my best at work!
I'm sorry, Yamazaki.
I apologize, Yamazaki.
I hadn't noticed at all.
I'll try to help you more from now on.
But for now...
We're going on a business trip to Osaka next!
Box: Yamazaki Fund
Roger!
Well, I'll go with the more interesting one.
This is the story of what happened with Mayama-kun co. right around when Morita-kun came back from the United States.
Hmph
This is my
only part
Why don't you hurry up
and continue with the story?
Well then...
Bear in hole strategy, huh?
This makes my defense perfect.
Attack me from anywhere.
When you place your defense like that, the game lasts forever.
What are you talking about?
I'm only doing what you always do.
But you sure improve quickly!
I only taught you how to play the other day.
I practice every day, after all.
But gosh... I never imagined shogi could be this fun.
Now that he can work with Rika again...
It's like the time and energy that had been allocated to stalking her has all been converted towards shogi.
And here I thought I was pretty good at this.
He's prone to obsessing over things to begin with, so...
Speaking of which, you're still in your twenties. Don't you have better things to do after work than play shogi with me?
Don't you get invited out?
Invited...? Well, sometimes I get invited to date parties.
The love antics of the youth!
I've never been to one myself.
It must be nice.
Don't you ever go?
I've long grown out of such things.
I went to plenty in my younger days, so I figure I've had my fair share.
Hey, Mayama-kun. Shall we fight?
20's
30's
Are you guys playing shogi together again?
Hey, Takemoto.
Are you taking a break, Hagu?
Takemoto, Hagu-chan...
Do you guys want some roll cake?
Yes, please!
Cup: Hanamoto Hagumi
That's right. Hagu-chan, are you interested in things like date parties?
W-Wait a sec, Mayama-san!
What is this all of a sudden?
Please don't say anything weird!
Hagu-chan can't handle this! Sheesh!
I, um, I'm sorry!
I just thought I'd ask...
Man, it's always been such a problem.
Hagu's always been uncomfortable around new people, and even as a college student now...
He doesn't think it's a problem at all.
Comedy of the heart
On that topic, I don't hear much about Yamada-san's date parties either.
She's so pretty, I bet she gets invited all the time.
Oh... about Yamada...
Huh? Did I just step on a landmine?
What?
You go to Hamabi?!
Hey, there's a girl named Yamada in the ceramics department, isn't there?
Ah... y-yes, sort of...
Rather, it was me who stepped on the landmine.
H-How do you do, I'm Yamada Ayumi.
Nice to meet you.
S-So cute!
Um, stewed giblets and grilled mackerel.
Menu
Grilled chicken skin and grilled smelt.
Fish cake and miso-sauteed eggplant.
Oh! And bacon-wrapped asparagus. Oh, and also...
She eats a lot! But she's cute!
We were her classmates in high school.
I mean, isn't she just so pretty?
Even so, she was persistently in an unrequited love...
She was saying how she couldn't think of anyone but him.
So, we invited her to a date party...
We thought it'd be a way to get more guys to come.
But then...
Why... why won't that idiot even look back at me?
Maybe I'm just in the way!
Damn it, how can he not realize Yamada-san's beauty!
I'll murder that guy!
I guess... crude girls aren't good enough for him!
No! You're so cute, Yamada-san!
I will wait for you forever!
Yamada-san! Please have some water!
Before you knew it, it was a Yamada harem.
Then the guys who were completely enslaved by her beauty never stopped calling her...
Wreaking havoc on the date party scene, Yamada laid waste to numerous battlefields all over the place...
In the end...
A Mountain of Claims
Please! Take that demon child off our hands!
Aren't you the guy that Yamada likes?
Why isn't she good enough?
Please settle down with her already!
Girls like that came to me, one after another...
And when I finally managed to shake them off and get away...
But stop showing up at socials and taking girls back home like they're takeout delivery, will you?
How did you...
A friend of mine from another school has been flooding me with questions about you!
Just like that, I was misunderstood by Yamada.
Thanks to that demon child, date parties were always a tragedy for me.
Y-Yamada-san...
Then, Mayama, aren't there any... fun events at work?
There was a person who was into stuff like that before... in more ways than one.
What did you say?!
Yamazaki was invited to a date party?!
Moreover, by the girls from the editing department of the fashion magazine that featured him as a champion?
But... date parties are for people who want a boyfriend or girlfriend...
So although I'm honored that they invited me... that is, there's someone else that I like right now, so...
When is it?
The day after tomorrow?
Um... Er...
That's soon.
But don't you worry, Yamazaki!
I'll prepare the ultimate outfit for you, so that you won't lose out to those fashion gurus!
Give it up, Yamazaki.
There's not even a micron of wanting to prevent you from going to a date party in Miwako-san.
Miwako-san, you're kind of heating up..
In fact, she wants you to go.
The place is Aoyama.
The people going are girls in their twenties and thirties.
So it's black then!
We'll go with a tight black shirt and slender pants!
D-Doesn't this make me look kind of like a host?
Worry not! You look wonderful.
But it seems you are overdoing it a bit, so let's lighten it up with a lighter jacket.
Here, isn't this jacket an unusual shade of green?
To top off the get-up, wear this necktie!
A brilliant lemon-yellow to complement the green of your jacket!
Looks great.
It looks great, Yamazaki!
U-Um... Miwako-san, this is...
Whoa, as expected of Miwako-san's styling. You look great!!
Not bad. Not bad at all!
I think I have a future as a stylist!
Um...
Now then! I wonder how Yamazaki is doing.
Let's go sneak a peek!
She's the devil.
Devil indeed...
I'm doing my very best right now!
You're such a man!
Please take me away!
Steal my precious!
That'd be too big for my pocket!
W-Why?!
He's a hit!
Sister, let's give it up already.
The way he is right now, he could be given a gold cross and still pull it off splendidly.
What exactly do you want to do to Yamazaki anyway?
To belittle him.
Then I want to point at him and laugh... and comfort him.
And then I want to be appreciated!
Yamazaki, are you really okay with this person?
Dance parties are kind of popular like that.
T-To that Yamazaki guy, cheers!
Let there be prosperity for him.
But man... things just don't go the way we want them to, do they?
Sensei, please don't put it so bleakly.
But don't you agree?
Yeah, somewhat.
Things actually going right is a rarity.
This game of shogi that we're playing right now is a prime example!
We've shored up our defenses so much that the game will never end...
Plus, whatever pieces we win we automatically place on defense.
In shogi, the player's personality really comes to the forefront, doesn't it?
It pains me to agree.
You stress defense and prudence!
You hate losing.
How long has it been since we started playing, Mayama-kun?
It's already 1:30 in the morning, so it's been about four and a half hours.
Seems like Hagu and Takemoto left without us noticing.
Actually, haven't we been playing shogi until sunrise a lot recently?
How about setting a time limit?
That's it!
Like buying a competition clock?
Oh, that!
The one that tells you how much time you have left?
But aren't they expensive?
What we need right now is a way to allocate time!
Otherwise, we'll be stuck here forever!
This is true.
All right, Mayama-kun! Let's buy one!
Yes, let's!
Y'know... wouldn't the problem be solved if you guys just didn't stay up?
M-Morita!
Morita-san!
How?
Since when?
Just stop staying up so late.
Like I said, at your age, stop
Don't say it, Morita! I'm begging you!
You're making us seem like fools!
Like I was saying, at your age, isn't it stupid to
Don't say it!
Please don't say it!
Stupid, stupid, stupid!
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Hagu-chan, Pukkun is really popular at home.
I'm glad!
Hey, Ayu!
Oh, it's your papa, Ayu!
Oh, you're right.
T-That's!
Thank you, Ayu...
I will treasure it.
But... don't you think this is a little too flashy for me?
J-u-s-t kidding!
Pukkun...
