nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
I thought for sure that I heard a faint voice calling my name.
I wake up in the morning to find a guy sleeping next to me.
Depressing.
My youth is way too depressing...
Could it be that I've hit rock bottom?
Oh, good morning.
Are you leaving for work already?
Don't worry about me, you can chill in here for a while longer.
Oh, please leave the key in the usual place, and don't forget to turn off the AC.
Are you working late again today?
Probably.
You can come in on your own and cool off if you want.
Have a good day then.
Even thought it's just a simple morning conversation...
Why does the simple fact that I'm having that conversation with a guy make things so depressing?
And in the end, it's just Takemoto and me that are left in the apartment...
All right, it's finished.
Hey, can you open it up over there?
Okay!
Wow!
Thank you for the food!
Wow, this is good.
Hasegawa-senpai's homemade soba sure is good!
That guy's really working hard.
Although he was depressed when he couldn't find a job...
He's prospered ever since he decided to carry on his family's business.
I was surprised. He's already in travel brochures and guidebooks for Shizuoka.
Fresh and delicious soba that you have with bowls
hand-crafted by the fourth generation
Have some freshly made soba with hand-crafted bowls.
Tasty Stores
Fourth Generation Hasegawa Issai-san (24 years old)
Soba Shop
Hasegawa
Hasegawa Noodle Factory
Noodle
Soba Shop Hasegawa
Soba Restaurant
Hasegawa
So instead of just inheriting his father's noodle-making factory...
I hear that he's also popular with the tourists.
Freshly made, huh? It must be really good.
And these wonderful soba cups...
Soba Shop
Soba cups hand-crafted by the fourth generation
Soba sauce bottle (Large-Small)
A-Set 8000 yen
Sets are also available. They'll be the perfect gift...
Orders are being accepted via telephone, fax and E-mail
Will ship nationwide
A set of homemade soba, hand-crafted cups, AND a soba sauce bottle.
We'll ship it anywhere within the country, you can even mail-order them!
He sure is a shrewd businessman...
He even has a website.
I'll be looking forward to your next visit.
Voices of the Customers
I want to eat more!! (Tokyo, M.A.-sama)
It was very good.
(Aichi, T.O.-sama)
I'll definitely come back for more.
(Shizuoka, S. F.-sama)
The recipient was very happy when I gave it to them as a gift.
(Fukuoka, M. H.-sama)
See?
Ah, it's Megumi-chan!
Hasegawa-san's certainly working hard.
I need to do my best too.
Well, as her father, I also want Ayu to inherit my store.
Her brother Susumu is incredibly knowledgeable, bus he's a little too fond of sake, and isn't quite fit for business.
I'm not giving you away to anyone!
On the other hand, Ayu is...
My first grandchild was finally born.
So we're about to celebrate.
Congratulations, Grandpa Tanabe!
Then you have no other choice than this!
Hatsumago
Pure Rice
It's not that I prefer one over the other.
If we could combine the good in those two...
I wonder if we might be able to become a store so fun that we could beat even the big discount stores.
Now, let us be on our way
Oh, what is it, Leader?
I already accompanied you on your walk this morning.
Well then, what about breakfast?
Didn't you just eat it?
Catalog
User's Guide
Presentation Materials
Product Planning Meeting Proposals
Magazine Article Scrapbook
Research Materials
And I was having a nice dream...
But I wake up looking at the back of a guy's head!
It really filled me with depressing feelings.
Man, that is depressing.
There isn't a single bit of romanticism in there.
Oh? What is it, Mayama-kun?
Were you dreaming about your ex-girlfriend?
That's sexy.
Well, no...
There wasn't anything between us at all.
It might be that she actually wants to see you.
Say, Mayama-kun, did you know this?
I hear that when someone appears in your dreams like that...
It's because that other person's desire to see you leaves their body and comes flying into your dreams.
There's no way.
That's so occult. There's no way such a thing could happen.
It's just a superstition.
T-This is interesting...!
All right, we're all ready.
Well, shall we go?
What happened to your forehead, Mayama?
Nomiya-san... No, it's nothing.
Getting injured before the battle? What an ill-fated guy.
I'm sorry...
It'll be a huge boost if we can get this job.
Let's approach it with spirit.
Yes, sir!
Shall we go?
Do your best!
Meeting in progress
Meeting complete
What now?
Negotiation passed, will return with chicken-breast jerky for Leader and beer for everyone on the team.
They did it! That's our Nomiya.
Ah, the wind feels nice.
The negative ions in the air after a successful negotiation really feel good.
The beer will feel even better.
Okay! Shall we go for a drink?
Yeah, that sounds great.
Why don't we go make a toast?
Yeah!
Are you all right with not even greeting him?
It's fine.
As long as he's doing well.
I sense beer around here.
Alrighty, why don't we go in there?
What's wrong, Mayama?
Well, um...
I feel as if I forgot something...
That's right, it was around the fountain...
Hold on a sec!
No...
Was it here?
No...
Mayama...
Was it here?
Zoom in. Zoom in!
I'll be back in a bit!
Hey... Mayama...!
Please start on the beer without me!
tsuyogaru poozu ga yoku niteta futari wa
Acting tough, tough we were really alike,
Last night, I met her in my dreams.
I thought for sure that I heard a faint voice calling my name.
hajikiai sono ato hikiatta
we pushed each other away but then were pulled back.
umareta koro to kawaranai kokoro de
With a heart unchanged since I was born,
Say, Mayama-kun, did you know this?
I hear that when someone appears in your dreams like that...
It's because that other person's desire to see you leaves their body and comes flying into your dreams.
sawattara subete ga kiesou na kimi wo mitsumeteita
I've been looking at you, too fragile to touch.
Am I an idiot?
There's no way that could be true.
yagate kimi wa tori ni naru boroboro no yakusoku mune ni daite
Soon you'll become a bird, keeping the crumbling promise in your heart.
What am I getting all excited for?
Sometimes I wonder.
How long can you remember a voice?
You become worried, and replay it in your head over and over again.
kanashii koto mo aru dakedo yume wa tsuzuku me wo fusenaide
There will be sorrows, but the dream goes on, so keep looking ahead.
I can remember it. I can still remember it.
But, what if...
I could never meet her again...?
maioriru yoake made
Until the dawn comes dancing down upon us.
Will her figure be the thing that remains until the very end?
Or...
Will it be her voice?
You're heavy...
Don't get so close to me...
D-Don't lick me...
Why are you...?
Stop it already, Takemoto!
Miwako-san told me that she'd give me food if I woke you up.
Isn't Takemoto-kun a boy that lives in the same apartment complex as him?
Man, I hadn't noticed.
So Mayama-kun was like that...
N-No, that's not true!
Hey, hear me out, please, Miwako-san, Yamazaki-san!
No, sorry about that. It's okay. Don't mind us.
Like I said...!
Hey, guys. Don't tease him so much.
Nomiya-san...
Don't worry about it, Mayama.
Consider things like that a matter of personal freedom.
It's pretty common in our industry.
Even you, Nomiya-san...?
Please print out twenty copies of that.
And the model needs to be finished by 4:00.
It sure wakes me up.
Messing with Mayama is so refreshing.
I can't stand you anymore!
You insensitive pig!
That's my line!
I'm going to tell on you to our mama in Tottori!
Be prepared for it!
President's Office B
President's Office A
Meeting Room
Younger Brother
Older Brother
The Fujiwara Brothers
Older Bro./ Fujiwara Mario Younger Bro./ Fujiwara Luigi
F.D.C. Fujiwara Design Office
The Charismatic Sisters of the World of Architecture!?
Youthful Sibling Unit
The Concept is Brotherly Love
Although Fujiwara Design has always been famous for their family feuds...
It becomes an issue when it gets this frequent.
It's difficult, after all, to have two presidents.
Although holding an office as a unit has become common lately, I'm impressed when it actually lasts.
But even when it's going well...
There are cases like Harada Design.
It's been four and a half years already since Harada-san left us, huh?
How fast time flies...
They were a well-matched unit.
Together, Rika-san and her husband, Harada-san, would document Rika-san's ideas as he implemented them with a smile on his face.
He was a cool guy...
When he smiled and talked, it made you feel capable of doing anything.
Everyone says that he was an amazing guy...
Nomiya and I were just running errands back then.
And we both admired him a lot.
That's true.
I thought from the bottom of my heart, I want to be just like him when I become accomplished.
That no matter how difficult my task was, I would still tackle it with a refreshing smile, like Harada-san.
Don't worry, I think you've adopted that trait, Nomiya.
Nomiya-san, it's done. May I have your signature?
Nomiya-san, I did it! I almost died, but I've got all the documents we need.
See?
No way, I'm still far from Harada-san's territory.
After all, Harada-san was a truly amazing man...
I'm the only person in this office who didn't know Harada-san when he was still alive.
I feel somewhat...
Hopeless...
Oh, yeah, Mayama...
Yes?
Remember that bowl that you made at your school for that one restaurant?
We've had other customers order that.
They want something similar.
Wow, that's amazing, Mayama.
Not really, I had a friend of mine make that for me.
Yamada-san, right?
There are things I want to ask her to make as well.
Can you introduce me to this Yamada-san next time?
Oh, well...
I'll ask her myself.
But I'll have to talk to her about money...
And the documents this time around are more detailed. I should talk to her in person...
It'll be no problem as long as you give me a budget report.
Please leave the rest up to me.
Well, um...
And there's talk about future jobs...
Oh, no, no.
You're a busy person, Nomiya-san. Please concentrate on your main task.
You'll really have no time to relax if you start working on pottery.
As long as you can give me all the documents, I'll discuss it with her tomorrow.
You're seeing her tomorrow?
Yeah, she's part of my usual group of friends.
There's a Shinto shrine near my school that's holding a festival.
I'll go make more coffee.
Beef skewers! Okonomiyaki! Cotton candy!
What should I eat first?
Hey, hold on a second! Calm down first! There's plenty of time!
First, we need to go get okonomiyaki to suppress our hunger, then...
We'll calmly think it over!
The three of us combined only have 3000 yen, so...!
They're causing such a ruckus...
They're all still kids...
Drinks are cheaper at the convenience store!
Man, it's times like this when I realize...
Okay, let's do that!
Yeah, let's do that!
That it's good to be an adult!
If there's something I want to eat, I can eat it right away!
I no longer have to have trouble deciding or worrying about my wallet!
Oh, no, I can't hit them...
But I want the Whip-chan...
The grand prize!
Here.
And here.
Shuu-chan!
Mayama-san, please get me one too!
Get it yourself if you're a man!
Look! Look! He got me a Whip-chan!
I'm begging you! I'm begging you!
Quit it! Hey!
Don't stick to me!
Why are you only doing it for Yamada-san?!
Man, why do the youngsters make the old people feel so boring?
This one's a little difficult...
Hang in there, Mayama-san!
Wow.
Yo.
Why are you here?
Well, we figured we haven't been to a festival in too long.
Yay!
Yay!
Festivals are nice, aren't they?
Here you go, Yamada-san.
Is it really okay?
Oh, why do you know my name...?
My name is Nomiya. It's nice to meet you.
Thank you for that bowl earlier.
It was well-received.
You really helped us out.
Ah, I see.
So you're from Mayama-kun's company.
Thank you for the job.
As to be expected from Nomiya. He has good intuition.
Since you were dissuading him so much, he figured you were definitely trying to hide something!
How dare you use such a dirty tactic, Yamada-san is really cute!
You were hiding her from us, weren't you? I'm gonna strangle you!
Festivals are fun, aren't they?
Man, his intuition is especially sharp when it comes to things like this...
What's wrong with just introducing them to each other?
He's a cool-looking guy.
The problem is that he's too cool!
Who is that? She's awfully persistent.
I'm sorry, I'm at work right now.
A self-proclaimed girlfriend.
Nomiya's never paying attention, so he gets caught up in things like that a lot.
What's more important? Me or your work?
Work.
Ehhh?
Don't litter in the ocean!
I-I'm sorry...
He's the kind of man who doesn't hesitate to throw a cell phone filled with girl's numbers into the ocean at Shibaura!
He's certainly a big shot then...
That's an act we couldn't perform even if our lives depended on it.
Such a big shot is too much for Yamada!
He'll eat her up in an instant!
He'll eat her whole from head to toe!
Calm down, Mayama... you're choking me!
I mean... I'm fully aware that I'm in no position to say things like this...
But I really want Yamada to have a happy life.
I don't want her getting used by guys who would approach her with shallow intentions.
Then let me ask you this, what kind of a guy wouldn't be too shallow?
T-That's...
A person who's serious and tolerant with a steady income, who looks decent but would never cheat...
A person who would treat her preciously for the rest of her life and would never make her cry...
Are you a mother with a teenage daughter?!
You actually think that such superficial data can guarantee a person's happiness?
Hey, Mayama, if you can't be with her for every festival that will come up in her life...
Then you certainly don't have the right to interfere with her private life.
I know.
I know that.
That you can't worry about what-ifs when it comes to romance.
But...
Even then, I still wish that I could at least watch over her.
But I can't say that even this feeling isn't just self-satisfaction...
Yo, Yamada.
Oh, Mayama!
I'm sorry for being late.
Yo.
Why are you two here?
And I was wondering why I hadn't seen you two since this morning...
Well, we figured that we've both come to a point where we need to learn how to fill orders for potteries on our own.
But that doesn't mean you should come without asking me first...
What's the problem? If all of us work together, we'll finish sooner.
Oh, do we need water?
Should I go fill that bucket?
Oh, is this the clay? I'll carry it for you.
Oh, thank you very much.
Watch out, Yamada.
Those older guys are...
They're nice people.
Why don't you learn a little from them?
No, they're just playing innocent, or rather...
What are you talking about? It's rude of you to talk about your seniors at work like that!
Hurry up and put on an apron.
Um... well...
You should tie your hair.
I have a rubber band.
Oh, right.
But shoot, my hands are...
Can you put it on for me?
Okay! Let's do it!
Why are you butting in?
What, am I bothering you?
Of course!
How dare you keep interfering...
That's not true.
Hey, that hurts!
Don't be pathetic!
Hey!
Don't mess around next to the clay!
If dust gets in, the clay will be ruined!
Sit down and knead!
Yes, ma'am...
And stretch!
Yes, ma'am...
Mayama...
I haven't been punched by a woman since a teacher scolded me in elementary school...
I haven't had it happen since my grandma back home hit me...
There's a lot left to do, so let's all work hard.
Otherwise we won't finish.
Once we finish, I'll deal with the mess, so please go home and rest, Nomiya-san.
Like I've been saying, why are you so desperate to get rid of me, Mayama-kun?
Hey, you two! Quit moving your mouths and move your hands!
Move over a little, Mayama!
No, I'm not moving away.
Mayama...
Why, you... Can't you listen to what your senior has to say to you?!
In this case, I'll just pretend that I can't hear you.
What?
Hey!
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Next episode: My cowardly self starts running.
