nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
When I was still little...
One day, riding the green bike I always used to ride, I thought...
How far can I go without turning back?
Even now I sometimes wonder...
What exactly was I trying to do at that time?
Once again, it was no good!
Takemoto...
I see, so you failed your employment exam again...
Oh, I'm sorry, it seems you have a guest.
I'm an alumni of this school.
My name is Usui.
It's nice to meet you. I'm Takemoto.
He was actually one of my students.
He runs a custom-order furniture business, and he might not look it, but he's president.
Sensei, what do you mean by he might not look it?
Wow, this thing is amazing.
Isn't it nice?
It's a custom-made rotating shelf.
It'll finally save me from the avalanche of spray cans.
So, how much is it?
500,000.
Expensive!
Then, 20,000.
Cheap!
Hey, is your company really all right with you being so laidback?
Beats me...
Beats me?! Hey now!
Hold on. Let me do some calculations.
The cost for supplies, construction, transportation, and installation...
Sensei.
He's nice.
Isn't he?
How much?
Hey, don't talk like you're buying some vegetable.
Takemoto-kun, was it?
Want to come work for my company?
Usui! Like I said, you're being too simple-minded!
First, you need to properly explain what the company's about and what the job entails...
Takemoto! You don't need to rush to make a reply!
Hire me, pretty please!
Sure. You're hired.
And so, well, a lot has happened...
But he's tentatively been hired.
Takemoto-kun
Congratulations on your Employment
For the sake of Takemoto-kun's future...
Cheers!
Yay!
I'm sorry for worrying everyone.
Well, the company that I'll be working for makes custom-made furniture and remodels homes...
And since I like woodworking, I'm happy.
Um...
I'll do my best!
Man, when the acceptance comes, it comes so easily, doesn't it?
Wow, and I was so worried at one point...
Mayama-senpai... thank you so much...!
Well, Usui's place is a small company that a small group of Hamabi graduates made...
But since Usui is a little strange...
There should be a lot of fun jobs, and I think you should be able to work happily, Takemoto.
I hear that just earlier, they reformed some rich guy's vacation home and turned it into a ninja estate.
They did stuff like make a huge maze in the yard.
Sounds like fun, doesn't it, Takemoto?
Yeah! I'm excited!
Hello? Hanamoto residence.
Shuu-chan! Phone call for you! It's Usui-san.
Oh, speak of the devil...
Hey. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, we're all celebrating for Takemoto right now.
I'm happy!
That rich dude gave his creditors the slip and the ninja estate got seized?!
The deposit vanished and 42,000,000 yen was lost...?
A-And your company...
Oh, boy... I see...
I'm e-e-e-extremely so-sorry to be saying this wh-wh-while y-you're all en-enjo-en-enjo-enjoying...
A-A-A-A-Actually, e-everyone, e-e-e-extremely unfortunate news...
Sensei!
Please, no more... I understand plenty already...
Let's just drink happily tonight...
It's been a while since we all gathered, after all...
Takemoto-kun
Party to Cheer up
Cheers for Takemoto-kun!
It's no good.
That was the last straw...
It's so pitiful, I can't even think of words to say to him...
Is that so...?
What's that?
Oh, it's a sample bowl.
Nomiya-san from Fujiwara Design had asked me to make one.
I see, you sure are working hard, Yamada-san.
Not at all.
I really have a long way to go.
What is it?
The design sketch isn't done yet.
Please turn down all appearance requests.
Don't you understand?
Please, allow me my solitude.
Ma... Mario...
Luigi!
Oh, Mario...
If you take even the smallest pity on me, please listen...
Non... I won't listen.
I beg you, Mario!
For the love of God, please listen.
I was such a fool for leaving.
Afterwards, I regretted what I did so much...
I already said that I won't listen!
Now, close those lips.
We're finished with our silly conversation.
Let me have a better look at your face.
My precious shortie.
Mario!
You're so foolish... look at how thin you've become.
Shh. Don't speak another word.
I understand everything already.
Yes.
We can sum it up in two words: One in Body and Spirit...
Two words: isshin doutai ( )
Y-Yes! We're e-extremely sorry.
Are you for real? That president...
To think that he would ditch all the jobs he took on in Tottori...
Miwako-san, get a hold of yourself!
three residences, a remodeling of a nursery, and as for restaurants, there are Italian, French, African...
Tottori, is it?
They're famous for Chinese scallion, pears, and deer.
Oh, and they have snow crabs.
Snow crabs are only during the winter.
Then again, the work might actually take up until they're in season...
Whee, I'm so happy.
What should we do?
No, what are you going to do?
Shall we go? To eat some snow crabs...
Then, Miwako-san, please hold onto my keys.
I had newspaper and mail delivery halted, but just in case something else gets delivered there accidentally.
Okay. But you totally lack sex appeal.
Are you going out, Nomiya-san?
You could've just had Yamada-san hold onto it.
I don't want her stinking up my room like a Nara pickle.
U-Um... Miwako-san, I was wondering if you could hold onto my keys, too...
And actually, I'm perfectly okay with you using my room as you see fit...
hhhhhhhhhhhhDo your best, Yamazaki
hhhhhhhhhhhhHang in there, Yamazaki
And that's actually a spare key, so you can continue using it even after I get back...
Really? May I?
O-Of course you may!
All right! Aren't you glad, Leader? We have a vacation home for you!
Vacation home. That sounds wonderful.
U-Um, Miwako-san...
Oh ho? What is it?
We can sublease the property and obtain rent?
And with that money, the two of us can eat an extra-large sirloin steak three times a week?
That's my Leader!
Extra-large sirloin. That sounds wonderful.
Don't be depressed, Yamazaki.
Miwako-san is an old geezer dressed up as a beautiful superior.
She's not saying that to hurt you.
Here we go!
Hey, Nomiya... What's the meaning of life?
Who knows.
I'll let you know firsthand when I find out.
It's empty...
Nomiya-san!
Yo.
Are you going out?
Yeah, for a little bit.
I made the samples of the dish and the bowl, so I've brought them.
Thank you.
Please hand them to Miwako-san.
There's some cake, so help yourself.
Really?
Then I'll have some.
Have a good day.
Hey, Nomiya!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Now then, shall we drive?
Hello!
I've brought the samples.
Oh, good timing.
Wow, so these are the cakes that Nomiya-san was talking about?
Oh, so you saw him?
He just left for Tottori.
Tottori?
Yeah. A six-month tour of Tottori.
You haven't heard?
When I was little, I once thought...
How far can I go without turning back?
I wonder what this sound is...
It's been sticking in my head since earlier...
Ah, that's it.
This is...
The sound of emptiness.
Takemoto, you in there?
I got some mixed rice from Miwako-san, and...
Takemoto?
It's the ocean...
Or rather...
Where... am I?
Takemoto isn't coming home?
He hasn't been back for two nights.
He's left his bag in his room.
What about his wallet?
It looks like he took it with him.
And his bicycle is gone as well.
I wonder where Takemoto-kun went?
It was raining the day before yesterday...
I hope he hasn't been in an accident or anything...
I wonder what happened to Takemoto?
What? Well...
Job Searching
Collapse or the Tower of Adolescence
Bankruptcy of the company that hired him
Actually, there are too many logical reasons...
Anguish and frustration, huh?
Sensei.
Could it be that Takemoto...
Yeah, it just occured to me as well.
What is it, Shuu-chan?
Did you think of something, Mayama?
Well, yeah, how should I put it...
Well, I'm thinking Takemoto is probably okay...
What the heck?
Aren't the two of you worried about Takemoto?!
Well, see, he might've just left to take a break.
I'm thinking we don't need to make a big fuss about it...
That's right. How should we put it...
He might've just felt like going on a trip by himself... Or rather there's something he wants to find...
Going on a journey by himself to find...?
Could it be that Takemoto-kun left on a journey of self-realization?!
Yamada, you idiot!
You mustn't say it so plainly!
Self-realization?
A journey...?
We've heard, Hanamoto-kun!
Takemoto-kun has left on a journey of self-realization?
Loincloth: Adolescence
It's been a while since someone went on one!
Has it been five years?
Self-realization actually takes a lot of nerve.
It sure makes my heart leap!
Adolescence
I don't get it. Why would Takemoto need to go looking for himself?
Aren't you just what you are?
Or could it be that Takemoto can't see himself right now?
Whoa, in a sense, he's spot on...
More like, I'm thinking Takemoto would rather not be understood by you of all people...
I wonder where Takemoto-kun is sleeping...
I hope he's eating properly...
You don't need to worry so much.
Humans are surprisingly hardy and persistent.
It's okay not to go look for him?
Hagu, if you find a person who went off on a search for himself before he even finds himself...
Then he won't have a place to come back to anymore.
As expected of you, Hanamoto.
P-Professor Tokudaiji! When did you get to Tokyo?
Man, veterans sure see things in a different light.
Then that means...
Shuu-chan?
Could it be that you went on one as well, Sensei?
On a journey of self-realization?
This guy is a professional. He went seven times!
Seven times!?
Seven times?!
Hanamoto's roommates were huge worrywarts...
I've found you, Shuu!
Hanamoto-kun! There you are!
They'd go find and bring him back every time, so he couldn't stop.
Professor Tokudaiji!
What are you so embarrassed about?
I went on a self-realization journey when I was a student, too.
I went to Mongolia, Tibet, and India almost stark broke.
And while you were abroad, you published three books, paid off all of your student loans...
And even rented your own research lab.
Please don't liken such a trip filled with ambition and goals to the holy journey of self-realization!
Shuu-chan...
A pro?
So, I think we should just sit back and see how things go with Takemoto for a while.
Okay?
You're right.
Okay, I'll wait!
If Sensei went seven times and was okay, Takemoto-kun should be fine.
But Sensei went seven times
That's all! Disperse!
Question!
Did you find yourself on your journey of self-realization, Sensei?
Disperse!!
Shoot... did I fall asleep after that?
I guess it was because I hadn't slept well for two nights in a row...
My hair's all crusty from the salt and sand...
And I stink of the ocean...
I wonder... what I'm doing...
Right, I should contact everyone.
I bet they're worried...
Or are they worried...?
Hey, we're gonna leave you behind!
Wait up!
Wow, it's cold!
Don't trip now, Kii-chan!
He'll be fine! Right?
Amazing... my stomach's rumbling...
Even when I feel like crying.
As I suspected, he's withdrawing money.
It seems he's alive, at least.
Can't we find out where he withdrew the money?
I don't think they'd give us that information.
But it's really like Takemoto to have this much saved up...
He doesn't drink, smoke, or play pachinko.
Oh, no mahjong either.
And on top of that, no girlfriend.
Whoa, no wonder he has money to spend.
If he doesn't have a girl...
Yeah, true!
Sensei, I know I started it...
But something sharp like a knife is piercing my heart...
Yeah, the heart... me too...
Seriously, uh huh, yeah...
What's wrong, you two?
Well, I guess I'll put some money in for him.
Sensei!
It's not a contribution. It's his pay for the month.
Since I bet Takemoto doesn't have any change of clothes with him, much less a towel.
In terms of videogames, it's like going to a faraway town equipped only with rags and a wooden stick.
DEF: 2
DEF: 2
DEF: 2
DEF: 2
DEF: 2
ATK: 2
ATK:2
What? That's impossible!
The monsters will get him right away!
M-Me too! I need to send Takemoto some gold!
Like we said! If you support him this much, his self-realization will become meaningless!
Note: In Japan, post offices double as banks.
Post Office
Huh? It seems there's a little more...
Crap! I'm so hungry that my stomach hurts.
I need to eat something quick!
When I was little, one day I thought...
How far can I go without turning back?
I wonder what exactly I was trying to do at that time...
And myself now...
What am I trying to do now...
What...?
No way! Trucks drive this close to you inside tunnels?
This is scary!
I finally understood after screaming some.
I'd been afraid this whole time.
I was afraid because I couldn't see my future.
I was afraid of not knowing what I wanted to do...
And...
And I was afraid of the days that nevertheless flew by without any mercy.
But...
Even then...
If I keep riding like this, will I be able to see it?
Someday, even I...?
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Next episode: Like a flower getting wet in the rain.
