nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
I guess I'll be commuting here for a while...
To think that I'll be working with the company I just quit from so soon...
Projects begin with networking.
And networking begins with a smile.
Good afternoon!
Y-Yamada! Why are you here?
Now then, please contact me when you decide on a design!
Leaving already? Why don't you stick around a little longer?
Excuse me.
Yamada, you...
Oh, um...
Oh no!
I'm a teaching assistant for a lecture at noon!
I'm running late!
Bye!
Yamada, wait a
Mayama!
Where's Rika-san? Where's Rika-san? Where's Rika-san?
I'm sorry, not today...
Disappointed
This is no fun!
And I was thinking of having lunch with her!
Eeek! You're twisting me!
Well... I did invite her along...
The Last Business Meeting
Please come again.
I want to see that dog...
Well, how should I explain it...
The dog... but...
Sigh...
Oh! Nomiya-san, about Yamada...
We'll set aside that issue for later. Why don't we talk about the job first?
S-Sure...
So, why was Yamada here?
We decided to start carrying potteries in our stock.
So we've decided to ask her to come by once a week.
I hadn't heard about that!
What the heck?
Is there some rule that says that we need to put everything about Yamada-san through you first?
Someone in love shouldn't worry so much about the woman he turned down.
Nomiya-san, what do you think of Yamada?
What?
Well, she's cute...
She's cute...?
Like a puppy or a kitten?
Or like a girl?
Eh? Oh... like a girl, I guess?
Are you serious?
Or are you just slightly interested?
Well... that is...
Help me!
Do your best!
Ignore me, will you?
Which is it, Nomiya-san?
S-Say, Mayama, do I really look all that evil?
You look it.
Or rather, I see you as the type who's just interested in Yamada to take her, have your way with her, and toss her aside.
Ouch. You're still bitter that I took her out to eat soba?
That's exactly it!
Why did you have to take her so abruptly to Nagano of all places?
Because I kind of wanted to go somewhere far?
With a sleeping girl in your passenger seat?
Yeah.
And not to take her somewhere where you could be alone?
Nope.
You've never felt that way?
Then, what if Yamada had answered udon?
I would've headed to Haneda.
Shikoku
Haneda
I mean, when you say udon, you gotta go to Takamatsu in Shikoku.
Like I said, that's precisely why I can't trust you!
Even now, that image is burned into my mind as if in slow motion.
I'm busy with work right now.
I think I finally understand the carelessness that I sense in him.
And the reason I'm attracted to him...
And also, the reason why I'm afraid of him.
If you'd act a little more seriously, I wouldn't have to be acting like such an idiot, Nomiya-san.
The time that had stopped began to move.
No...
It never even slowed.
Time was streaming down, just like a waterfall.
This whole year, while I had been simply standing still...
What? The rice cooked itself?
I'm home.
Oh, the rice is really cooked.
Do you want dinner? Or a shower?
Or do you want me
Takemoto, here's some of those sweet n' sour meatballs that you like.
Now, bon appetit!
This table setting really feels like it's from the Showa period...
Morita-san, where did you get these?
Well, I was so excited that we could eat dinner together again...
So I bought the whole set.
You bought it?
The entire set?
Takemoto.
Yes?
Thanks.
I heard you came to see me off.
I heard from Kaoru...
That you came to the airport.
M-Morita-san...
Kaoru told me that you were saying, You idiot!
That you were screaming, What the hell are you thinking?
He told me, To think you actually have friends.
Morita-san...
I was thinking this whole time that something within me would come to an end once you returned...
That I was scared, that I didn't know what to do...
Here ya go!
Even so, God, why is it?
That I'd be happy to be able to eat dinner with him again...
Sorry for the wait.
Oh, here it is! The resupply troop!
Thanks.
More importantly...
Is Morita-san all right?
To think that the annual flower-watching recital would be canceled on its ninth performance...
It was a heartbreaking accident...
In order to appear magnificently from the air, he even rented a crane...
But to think that the bungee rope was just a little too long...
From what I've heard, he was slammed into the ground seven or eight times...
That many times?!
What's this melody?
Zu-zundo, zundoko...
Zu-zundo, zundoko, zundoko...
He's singing!
He hasn't given up at all!
And everyone's being touched!
Could it be that the accident was choreographed?
That's impossible. His arm was bent the wrong way.
Mayama!
Miwako-san...
Hey, where's Rika-san? Where's Rika-san? Where's Rika-san?
The cherry blossoms are pretty, aren't they?
Aw, geez... drunk already, are you?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Rika-san won't be coming. She doesn't like things like this.
What? It's a flower-watching and you're hogging her to yourself!
When did I ever hog her to myself?
Oh, so you want to! You want to hog her all to yourself!
Ayu?
Bye...
Hold on a sec.
Hey, Mayama! Yamada-san is trying to go home!
Plus, she's half-bawling!
Oh, okay!
Hey, Yamada, don't go home alone.
Go with everyone once this is over, okay?
Will you go, too?
No... I'll go back to work...
What? Then why don't you just go back already?!
O-Ow, ow, h-hey!
Mayama.
My car's gonna get towed, so I'm leaving.
Just throw the others into a taxi...
Getting along as usual, I see.
W-We're not getting along!
Oh, fighting?
I'm sorry, this girl's drunk.
What do you mean by this girl?!
Are you all right, Yamada-san?
Shall I drive you home?
Or do you want to go somewhere?
Nomiya-san...!
I'll go!
Please take me!
Yamada...
Nomiya-san, you can't.
I got it.
We're running.
H-Huh? Okay!
boku no jounetsu wa imaya
My passion has now...
nagashita hazu no namida yori tsumetakunatte shimatta
Grown colder than the tears that I was supposed to have shed.
Hey...!
Yamada... Nomiya-san...
donna hito yori mo umaku
I've become able to fake myself...
Mayama always loses sight of me like this...
jibun no koto o itsuwareru chikara wo motte shimatta
Better than anyone else.
Really easily like this...
And he'll probably keep doing it... forever.
To be honest, it irritates me to be used for something like this.
daiji na kotoba o nando mo iouto shite
I tried to say those important words many times.
U-Um, Nomiya-san...
Did you think that Mayama would come chasing after you, if you did something like this?
suikomu iki wa mune no tochuu de tsukaeta
But the air that I breathe in gets stuck in the middle of my chest.
I-I think I'll go home, after all
You asked me to take you somewhere, didn't you?
donna kotoba de kimi ni tsutaereba ii
What words should I use to tell you?
Please relax your hand.
I can't close the door.
Now, I'll accompany you... wherever you'd like to go.
hakidasu koe wa itsumo tochuu...
The voice that spills out always, in the middle...
So, where do you want to go?
Shall we go to Nagano again?
Um, Nomiya-san, I need to go home.
Go home?
Is your game of tag over now, since Mayama didn't chase after you?
What? A game of tag? It's not like that!
You know about Rika-san, right?
Are you just waiting for them to fall apart, while you complain and sulk, Yamada-san?
P-Please stop.
It has nothing to do with you, Nomiya-san!
It doesn't?
Even though you used me to attract Mayama's attention?
You're sure being selfish...
How much longer will you keep testing Mayama?
Well, I do understand your position...
An unrequited love that's emerged is unproductive, but simple...
Your infatuation makes him feel guilty, so he's nice to you.
And nothing worse could possibly happen...
Please stop!
Nor will you be hurt anymore...
Stop it!
I'm currently driving and cannot answer your call.
Damn it! He's put his phone on drive mode!
Where's Yamada, Mayama?
I saw her running away earlier.
She's been kidnapped, by this scary person from my old job!
You're not injured, are you...!
Hey!
Let's get going!
Huh? Where's Yamada-san?
Sensei! Actually, Yamada...
Sensei!
We're going to karaoke next. Do you want to come with us?
What, you still haven't sung enough, Morita?
H-He's standing!
Sheesh, I'll leave Yamada to you guys then.
Don't drink too much!
Yes, sir!
Morita-san...
I don't know what the deal is, but don't go telling everyone.
But what if something happened?
Exactly. It might trouble Yamada later.
Mayama, you're way too overprotective.
Huh?
Where's Yamada-san? And Nomiya?
I'm sleepy.
Could it be that the two of them ran off again?
Maybe they went to Sendai this time.
Then he'll be bringing back...
Beef tongue!
Let's walk a little.
What kind of a guy is Nomiya?
Well, let's see... he's good at his job, refreshing...
Handsome, popular with girls...
I see, he's a nice guy then!
What makes you so unhappy with him?
He's too perfect!
He also never lets us on to what he's thinking.
How should I put it...
It's like he operates on something other than his real desires...
But you two are similar.
No way! I mean, isn't he supposed to be handsome?
Yeah, I think so, too.
See, you two are the same type, but you're at different stages of development.
That's right.
Kinda like how a suit is a suit, even if one's a luxury brand and the other's 500 yen a pop.
Uh... aren't you guys getting carried away with the example and forgetting to consider my feelings?
Come to think of it, your names are the same, too!
Takumi and Takumi!
Craftsmanship
Master
Takumi
Takumi
Takumi
Takumi
Takumi
Takumi
Takumi spelled as master and Takumi spelled as craftsmanship!
There's a huge difference in character!
I see...
How sad for Yamada-san...
She was born pretty.
But she's had multiple defensive barriers put up by her numerous knights...
Ayu is mine!
What did you say?
You're not getting a single step closer!
And while no one can step in, she's been isolated in a way.
La-la-la-la-la, I want to fall in love.
Say, Mayama, could it be that you don't like Nomiya?
To be frank, he's hard to deal with.
You two really are alike!
Nomiya was calling you an irritating brat as well.
I don't know of his true intentions, but he might not be as evil as you think he is.
Is that how it is?
I mean, if that's not the case, then you'd be considered evil, too!
You two are alike, after all.
Oh, Ayu... all because you fell in love with a man like this...!
Shut up already!
I'm sorry, after 11 we only offer takeouts. Is that all right?
Then, one of every cake to go.
And two tall cappucinos.
Understood.
I'll go move the car really quick, so can you pay with this?
Thanks for waiting.
It's a little windy, but let's eat outside where we can see the ferris wheel.
There's a bench and a table.
Surprised that the floor became cushiony all of a sudden?
It's a different building starting from here.
Good, it's still on.
The interior of this building was the first big work I did at my old job.
The design itself was by a designer out in California, so I only worked on the construction...
But there wasn't much time between the completion of the building itself and the opening.
I ended up sleeping in a sleeping bag on the floor for the last few weeks.
I would fall asleep around dawn, looking out at that ferris wheel.
I sometimes come here by myself to look at it.
It clears my mind when I stare at it.
Back then...
I seriously wished...
That the world would disappear before we got off the ferris wheel.
What is it about Mayama that you like, Yamada-san?
I don't know.
If my love for him is genuine, I should be able to wish for his happiness.
But I... just like you said in the car earlier...
I had honestly... been hoping they'd fall apart...
This whole time... this whole time...
Yeah...
Morning.
I-I'm sorry!
I-I...!
Yeah, I sure saw some amazing things...
Various things...
I haven't even called home!
W-What should I do?!
Uh... um...
It's okay.
Let's eat breakfast first.
And since we came all the way out here...
Let's ride that thing.
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Next episode: I pray for the moon that floats in the night sky.
