nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
The work's cheap and tough.
Shin-san told me that with a smile...
But 4,200 yen a day really was cheap.
Note: 4,200 yen = approx. S36.89 USD
On top of that, I have to wake up at 5:30 AM for cooking duty.
Since I had to clean up after dinner, the work day's actually longer than sixteen hours.
However, being able to eat three meals a day and to sleep on a futon...
Cooking duty aside, I've only been getting in their way in terms of reconstruction work.
Have you ever built a scaffold?
I haven't.
Then... can you get the silguard out and knead it?
I'm sorry... but what's a silguard?
You're so useless!
I'd heard from many seniors who'd gotten jobs that what you learn in school won't help at all...
Then go move some rubble.
But I never expected it to be this useless.
That's why, at the very least...
This is good!
It tastes great!
This is great. It's really delicious.
You're good, young fellow.
Delish...
Oh, you got Kamekichi-san's approval!
really happy-looking
T-Thank you very much.
What? Don't get all conceited.
You can't even plane a board!
You still have a long way to go, too.
Talk about how useless you were when you first joined!
How mean!
So you cooked your own meals all this way?
Y-Yes, but I didn't have any money so it was always instant ramen.
It's good.
Yeah, it's really delicious.
To be honest, you saved us.
D-Delish...
I'm glad.
It looks like I won't just be in the way...
boku wa ima BEDDO de maruku natte
I'm now curled up in my bed
tsumaranai koto kangaeteru
Thinking pointless thoughts...
warui yokan no hitotsu hitotsu ni
Whining like a child
Open Until 9pm
Motorcycle Bike
AJIMA
kodomo mitai ni dada wo konete
About every one of my bad premonitions.
The new bike that Shin-san picked out for me costs 43,000 yen.
mayonaka sugi kimi ni au tame ni
Past midnight, my legs got tangled up
Being paid 4,200 yen a day, I'll be able to make that money in a little over ten days.
I've already been here two days, so I have eight more to go.
motsureta ashi de boku wa tada hashitta
Simply running to meet you.
kimi to nani wo saigo ni hanasu no darou
What will I talk about with you in the end...
Ever since I started riding my bike, not knowing anything...
ironna kotoba ga chirakatta mama
There are so many words just scattered about.
I was uneasy and in a rush.
tokidoki reizouko no unarigoe ga
At times the humming of the fridge...
But this place is mysterious.
maru de dareka no henji no you ni hibita
Sounds like somebody's response.
It starts to feel like I've always been here.
Being here and working all day long, seeing everyone's happy faces...
mayonaka semai rojiura wo nukete
Running through the narrow back alley in the middle of the night,
hashitta boku wa kage ni oikosareta
I was overtaken by a shadow.
That felt comfortable.
ima kimi no soba de ima kimi no chikaku de
Now, by your side... Now, somewhere near you...
nani ga kawatte shimatta no darou
I wonder what has changed?
ima kimi no sono te wa ima kimi no egao wa
Now, your hands... Now, your smiling face...
nani wo motomete iru no darou
I wonder what they're longing for...
It's in my hands now.
Thank you for your hard work.
I'm glad I made it in time.
Huff Huff
Miwako-san, it's about Yamada-san that I met the other day...
W-What about Yamada-san?
When will she come here again?
I think she'll be here again soon, but why do you ask?
I was wondering if I could ask her to make me some bowls.
I was hoping to speak with her.
W-What about Mayama?
She was introduced to us through him, after all...
I asked him, but Mayama-kun told me that Yamada-san is busy...
I-I see...
I wonder what we should do?
Damn that Mayama! He's trying to cover up her existence...
Well, I mean, it's to be expected...
What should you do, Miwako?
The responsibility is enormous... rather!
Huh!? There's 2 Miwako-sans!?
Miwako-san!
I'm so happy that I got some really pretty colors to come out. I wanted to show them to you, so I brought them over right away!
And then the actual person shows up...
With timing one only finds in a manga...
Uh oh, Miwako-san's hair
Uh oh, Miwako-san's hair
Uh oh, M iwako-san's hair
Uh oh, Miwako- san's hair
Uh oh, Miwako-sa n's hair
Uh oh, Miwako-san' s hair
Uh oh, Miwako-san's hai r
Uh oh, Miwako-san's hair
Uh oh, Miwako-san's hair
Uh oh, Miwako-san's hair
Good afternoon.
Rika-san...
I see... Yamada-san is working with Rika.
So... what did this Miwako-san say?
She might be able to give up easier if you just let her see you and Rika-san together.
I see...
Input coming from someone of the same sex...
It's like dropping a bomb or a shock therapy...
But that'll actually have the opposite effect!
I mean, Rika-san doesn't think anything of you when it comes to you as a man!
The Axe of Truth
Then Yamada might think something like, Oh, I might still have a chance!
Hey now, Morita!
Just hurry up and put away that axe of truth!
Actually...
Mayama, you should just show it to her face.
The truth.
All of it, to Yamada-san.
Your pathetic self, who is running circles around Rika-san in an effort to get her attention.
That would kill even the love of someone's life.
I see!
I won't say right away, but will you let me ask you to do jobs for me from time to time?
Although I'd heard from Mayama-kun that you seem busy,
I just couldn't give up.
I wonder how much she knows?
I wonder how Mayama described me to her?
I wonder if he ever talks about me?
Things like, I pity her, or I hope she can find happiness.
W-Whoa!
I just delved into some mean-spirited thoughts!
Mayama wouldn't say things like that.
I'm sure it was Mayama's kindness that led him to lie in order to prevent Rika-san and I from meeting.
He's always been kind, and I'm sure he'll continue to be so.
I'm sure he probably will forever...
Sensei, I really don't know what's going on anymore.
Of course you wouldn't.
You often lose track of your own feelings, much less someone else's...
It's actually questionable whether Yamada-san still likes you or not.
It's the same as that thing with chicks.
Since you're the first person she saw, it feels like she's sticking to you because she thinks you're her parent.
If that's the case, how can I overwrite that impression?
Mayama.
I understand that you think preciously of Yamada...
But it might be Yamada who is growing up to be a weak person and is feeling stressed.
Morita-san...
What about yourself, Morita?
Hagu is confused.
Aw, man! I'm hungry!
I'm off to the cafeteria!
Morita, why do you avoid involvement like that?
He's not around...
Takemoto isn't around.
Okay! Dinner's served!
Hurrah, it's chow time!
You're late!
Delish...
Takemoto-kun, can I have more?
Sure.
And me!
Sure!
It makes me really happy to see other people enjoying what I've made.
It really calms me down when it feels like I'm being useful.
It relieves me of my worries.
I actually feel as if I want to stay here forever.
Just like this, smiling like this...
Pisses me off.
How you have a festival mask smile on your face...
Just how long do you intend on staying here?!
Haven't you saved up that 40,000 for a bike already?
Oh, right...
Takemoto-kun was in a middle of a journey, wasn't he?
That's unfortunate...
His cooking's so yummy...
It's been quick... has it really been ten days already?
Hey, what are you looking dazed for?
We're talking about you.
Well, you're, um... in the middle of a soul search, right?
W-Well, it's not like I left to find myself...
I'll refill some fresh barley tea.
Takemoto-kun...
Actually, I just randomly... how should I put it...
I simply wondered, How far could I ride?
I can't seem to find a job...
And before that, I didn't even know what I was suited for.
It's here again...
And I thought I couldn't hear it anymore...
On a journey with your bicycle? You must be an idiot!
That's something only people with lots of free time would do!
The reason you can keep eating, even though you're confused and wandering about, is thanks to your parents!
Just how old are you?!
T-Twenty-two...
You're pretty old!
Look at me!
I've been working since I was sixteen!
Why are you doing that?!
It frustrates me just looking at you!
How you worry and wander!
I didn't even have that luxury!
Squeeze
It's too crowded, get out of here!
Huh!?
delinquent
I had nine siblings and my family was poor
I was kicked out of my house at the age of fifteen!
People like you are just spoiled!
You wouldn't understand my
Chief. Thanks for your good work.
Good work.
Didn't I tell you at the beginning?
That you're not allowed to brag about how unfortunate you are, Rokutarou?
You're not the only person with misfortune.
We all hold that in ourselves and work hard.
When we start competing about things like that, there's just no end.
What's the point in that?
They're finishing up over in Kyoto.
I can send two young guys back over here next week.
Sorry for working you so hard, Riki-san, Matsu-san.
It's nothing, Chief.
We ate better food than usual so we had a lot more horsepower.
Right?
That's right!
Box: Cinnamon-Seasoned Cracknel
We all know that you've been through hard times.
We also know that you're an idiot, that you talk too much, and that you're quietly sharpening the planes at night in secret.
C-Chief...
Hey, Takemoto-kun, was it?
Sir?
It seems you've helped us a lot while I was gone.
Thank you.
But...
You should leave tomorrow.
You were wondering how far you could ride, but you still haven't found the answer to that yet, have you?
If you're just going to be smiling like a ghost, you should ride to your heart's content instead of just staying here.
Who cares about an answer?
There's nothing like that to begin with.
All that matters is whether you did something to your heart's content.
Yo.
Wanna test your courage?
Test my courage?
Y-Y-You can see straight through to the bottom of this bridge...
Elegant, isn't it?
It'll just make it all the more scary if you keep looking at your footing.
It'll work well if you just look a little ahead.
Though you can't look too far ahead either.
Takemoto-kun, did you ever try to walk across a crosswalk while stepping only on the white parts?
I-I have...
It's mysterious... even though what we're doing is the same thing...
P-Please wait
B-But you seem fine, Shin-san.
It's because I've been crossing this bridge since I was little.
I grew up here.
Funny, isn't it?
I just couldn't take it here anymore and bolted...
But walking here makes me somewhat nostalgic...
Did you like this bridge?
I hate it.
I don't like heights.
But I couldn't forgive myself for having fears.
So I got worked up and crossed it.
Once I got used to it, I did it backwards.
In the end with my eyes closed.
I'm amazed that you didn't fall.
I almost did.
If I didn't have my book bag on me, I wouldn't be standing here today.
Help!
Hey, Takemoto-kun, want to get your fortune?
But I didn't bring my wallet with me...
That's fine, Rokutarou's saying that he'll buy it for you.
I'm sorry for e-earlier...
W-Well, that was my...
Either way!
That's what the chief told me to say...
I see.
And... this.
You're giving it to me?
Thanks.
The chief!...told me to give it to you.
The fortune that I pulled was for a little bit of luck..
And Rokutarou laughed and said, That's lame! It fits you perfectly...
Even though I thought, Shoot, I also agreed that it fit me perfectly.
The bridge that I crossed on the way back as I drank the now-warm cola wasn't nearly as scary as it was earlier.
You're going to the end?
You mean... Hokkaido?
Then that means you're going to Wakkanai... that's far.
Will you really be okay?
Please be careful.
Yes.
I'm sorry to see you leaving...
Here's a parting gift. They're some half-used phone cards.
Hokkaido can get cold, even in the summer...
Here's a windbreaker. It's used though.
Wrap this around your stomach.
Take care, okay?
T-Thank you very much...
U-Um, where's Shin-san?
Seems he left, saying that he's going back home. He hasn't come back yet.
I-I see...
Hey, hurry it up!
The bicycle shop is opening!
Oh, in that case, I should get going...
Hey, hold on!
Hey!
Shin-san!
I made it in time.
Man, the hills are really tough when you haven't rode in a while.
What's the matter?
What, you ask?
Take this.
I brought it from home.
I'll lend it to you. It's a little old, but it's not bad.
I've already fixed it up.
U-Um, Shin-san, this is for long-distance biking...
W-Why do you have such a bicycle?
H-Huh? Well, y-you see... how should I put it...
Actually, I also did it when I was in college...
That going around Japan thing...
S-Shin-san, too?!
Ah... how embarrassing
Crushed
On a self-realization quest?
Yeah.
Ah, the memories.
We also found Shin collapsed in the middle of his journey.
Yep, yep. Inside a bamboo forest in Kyoto where we were working at.
Shin was adorable back then, wasn't he?
Well, he's adorable now, too.
When we saw Takemoto-kun collapsed the other day...
I really thought, Ah, here comes another one! A wanderer of adolescence!
To think that Shin-san did something so immature
So anyway, please spend that 50,000 that you saved to supplement your food budget.
Shin-san...
I put a map in the bicycle's bag.
Along with some tools and a spare tire tube.
Once you're on the road, you won't find too many shops or residences.
There won't be too many places to get water either.
So use the stations that you'll find along the road.
There's a few along the national road.
Shin-san, um, I...
How should I thank you...
I mean...
You don't need to thank me. I'm only lending it to you.
Please stop by again on the way back to return that.
We'll be here throughout August.
Okay...
Do your best.
Okay.
Make sure you stop by on the way back.
Okay.
And please make us a delish meal again.
O-Okay...
H-Hey, just how long do you intend on chatting?
Go already, there's no end to this.
Oh, yes.
Then, um, thank you very much!
See ya!
Bring back some souvenirs!
Get us some crabs!
Hey!
I'll give it my best shot.
Ride well!
Okay!
Watch out for trucks!
See...
See you again!
Okay!
Thank you for everything! I'm off now!
And I start riding once again.
Although I've lost the idea that I could find an answer through riding...
At least I've started riding again...
Once more...
waratta kao ni tsukekomare
Taken advantage of by his smiling face
kuchi ni shita sake ni aorarete, oh
Stimulated by the alcohol she drank
sora misereta toki ururunda face
The tear that wells up when she's shown otherwise
ki ga sukkari sono ki ni natteru
She'd already become all for it
atama kakaete
Holding her head
atama kakaete
Holding her head
yume da to omoikonde mo
Even if she tries to pretend that it was a dream
monogataru kare no paper
His paper tells a different story
shiroku samete
Becoming white and discolored
kumo no ue nobori
Ascending above the clouds
gin iro natsu tsunda yoru
The silvery summer's night she was picked up on
shimetsukerareru mistake kienai
She's being constricted by a mistake that won't go away
Next episode: We're a continuously spinning the ferris wheel.
