nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
Hey, Mayama...
P-Please...
Show us how to do this!
There's nothing to be afraid of.
They wouldn't let us feed it like this if it easily bit people.
But either way...
This thing sure is huge.
I wonder if dinosaurs were like this...
Sheesh. There you go talking like a child again while trying to act cool!
What is it?
Nothing.
But this place is so empty that it's almost uncomfortable.
Actually, could it be that we have this place all to ourselves today?
Can they keep operating like this, considering the cost of the feed and such?
Hey now, Mayama...
It's actually from a warm country, but it's been brought to such a cold place.
There's a good number of giraffes in Japan, but it's not like it'll ever meet another of its kind...
No!
Why did Mister Giraffe have to be brought to a place like this?!
Probably so kids in countries where giraffes can't normally be seen can see them.
Then why isn't anyone here?!
Here, look! You're a kid!
Mayama, wake up!
Seeing her face and her unblinking eyes, I realize that she was sketching with her eyes, ears, nose, and brain.
After memorizing this whole scene with the giraffe, she'll probably spit it all out onto a canvas back in Tokyo...
Are you done?
Oh, it's nothing.
It seems she's done memorizing it all.
Want to try giving it a carrot?
Yeah!
Here.
M-Morita-san...
You're going to get an upset stomach.
Hagu-chan, get a hold of yourself!
Hold on a second, I'll go buy another one!
I'm sorry... Really.
It's nothing. It's just that your kick seems to have gotten even sharper.
I'm actually worried.
Just make sure you aren't so quick to hit your superiors and coworkers once you're working for a company.
I-I won't do such a thing!
I've also been turned down by every company I've applied to so far.
I see.
I'm still waiting for my results myself.
Hey, Mayama...
I'm sorry.
I need to go.
Thanks for the coffee.
He ran away...
So he ran away...
Yo.
Why don't you have a seat?
So what is it?
It seems you've wanted to tell me something since yesterday.
Someone from another office who I worked with told me...
It was you, wasn't it, Sensei?
When you put it that way, it sounds risque, doesn't it?
I was probably just on the lookout...
Her husband?
Yeah.
I was a kid from the country who liked to draw, even though I wasn't that good.
I had no confidence, but lots of pride.
Because of that, I didn't fit in anywhere and just concentrated on drawing on canvas.
He's good!
Want some bread?
Harada was a mysterious man.
Even when he was laughing casually, being with him made you feel like he could see right through you.
But I didn't feel uncomfortable with that at all.
Then we worked part time together and moved to a run-down apartment, though it had a yard.
Yamashita Realtors
Apartments
Hanamoto, take a look!
It's a magpie and a white-eye.
Shuuji, look!
Shuu! Look at this!
Note: Phone 000-0000 Harada We're taking care of a lost dog!! (Akita breed)
And towards the end of our third year...
I'm home.
Hey, Shuu!
Take a look!
I've finally tamed her.
E-Egami-san?
Rika was a girl from Hokkaido who was terribly good at drawing.
She was known around campus as the Snow Queen due to her beauty and unfriendliness...
Apparently, she's been half disowned by her family.
She seems to be really tired from her work.
Just look at her neck.
She's so thin that it's only skin and bone.
Good timing. We're having nabe tonight.
Nabe: traditional Japanese meal with a variety of ingredients cooked together in a hot pot.
Let's have us three eat together.
Oh, that's a good idea!
It's good.
Isn't it?
Shuu's cooking is the greatest!
Now... eat!
Harada, let her eat at her leisure.
Eat...
Looking back, Harada might've picked up both Rika and me.
Just like those cats and dogs.
From then on, the three of us lived together in that apartment...
Every day was the same, as if it was a matter of fact, and things were ridiculously fun.
Mayama...
Have you seen Rika's body?
Rika-san!
Mayama... kun?
I'm sorry for coming in without asking.
It was a terrible accident.
If a passing truck driver hadn't pulled Rika out, she would've burned up too.
It was the night after the opening party for the store they had designed, and they were both really tired.
Rika was the one driving.
If they had stayed at the party without going home...
If they had left before it started snowing...
If they had left their car there and taken a taxi...
If they hadn't taken that road...
As if she was being cornered by the possibilities that could no longer be realized...
I couldn't leave Rika's side.
I commuted to work from that office and came back to help her work at night.
I was worried that I would lose even Rika.
I couldn't stand the thought.
Then why did you leave her side?
Rika began trying to distance herself from even me.
Harada's existence was too significant for both her and me.
When Rika and I were together, we couldn't help but reminisce about when all three of us were together.
Even I began to think that it might have been better to let her follow Harada.
Once I started thinking that, I couldn't be around her any longer.
I thought that I need to get away, cool my mind, and stabilize the situation.
And so you recommended me?
Why did it have to be me?
Out of all the guys I knew, you seemed to be the one...
That's a terrible way to put it.
Indeed.
And I never would've expected it to turn out like this.
Shuu-chan! Let's ride on the ferris wheel!
Oh yeah, Rika has already asked me to introduce a new part-timer to her.
So quickly...
My actual acceptance letter hasn't come yet.
Rika said that you'd definitely be accepted.
Sensei...
About Rika-san...
I don't know how to put it...
Harada and Rika were different from something as simple as friends or lovers to me.
They were simply important.
We lived in the same room, ate the same food, and breathed the same air.
I came to think of them as a part of my body.
I'm going to say something out of line.
Isn't Mayama good enough?
No.
I end up taking advantage of him because I know that he likes me.
You should just avail yourself to him and take advantage of him.
I push away and hurt him but still keep him by my side.
It's not an acceptable way for people to interact.
To think that I was being bolstered by his wounded heart...
That's why I was happy to hear that he decided to leave this place.
Four more days until the due date...
Here's your tea.
Tea
Tea
Tea
Tea
Tea
Tea
Tea
There's no way I'm gonna finish.
That's why I told you to start early.
Here you go, Hagu-chan, Takemoto-kun.
Thanks!
Whaaa! Yamada, how can you be so calm?!
My steamed buns!
I mean, I've already submitted my graduate thesis.
gaaan
Oh, that's right. I heard that you made an amazing piece, Yamada-san.
An amazing piece?
Aw, that's embarrassing.
All right. Here I go.
Will you now?
A-A swan!
Yamada! Yamada! Yamada!
I-It's the legendary large bowl!
Shouda-sensei said that it excited him so much that his blood pressure went up.
Oh no, it was just somewhat big.
But you couldn't get a job, right?
Note: Morita writes the name of his murder with tea on the floor (Yamada).
Morita-san!
That sure was quick.
The going is t-t-ough for g-g-g-girls right now.
B-B-But y-you're sticking around as a g-g-g-g-graduate student, r-right, Y-Yamada?
My dad actually told me to carry on the family sake business with my older brother, but...
But I thought that as a woman, I wouldn't be able to handle being a sake maker.
I'll try again in two years after I obtain more qualifications as a graduate student.
I see. Good luck.
If it's about qualifications, you can always talk to me.
Thank you.
Well then, the rest of you should get to work.
You only have four more days.
You too, Mayama.
Even if you pass your employment exam, it would be silly if you couldn't graduate.
Yessir.
All right! I'll do my best, too!
Me too!
And me too!
So you were here!
Now come. There's no time for you to play around.
Gramps!
Hurry and finish your graduate thesis!
Let me retire already. At this rate, my life will end first!
It hurts, Gramps!
Shut up!
Do your best, Morita.
Sender: Tokudaiji Date: 20XX/01/XX Hanamoto Research Lab Regarding the Field Work
Hanamoto-kun, I'm awaiting your response regarding the field work. I'm coming to Tokyo this week, so I'd like to speak to you directly.
Where shall we go?
Let's get some fried rolls and croquette bread at the Maruei Bakery!
Oh, it's Kaoru.
Shinobu...
Didn't I tell you to carry this around with you?
Oh, it's my cell phone.
Just why do you think I synchronized it with my car's navigation system?
So what is it?
Shinobu...
Do you like money?
Yeah.
I love it.
He's dead.
Good work. Want some tea?
No. Please give me coffee.
Yes, this is Mayama.
Oh, yes! It's been a while, Takaido-san.
Huh? Really?
Tomorrow?!
Of course. I'll do my best! Thank you!
I got in.
Fujiwara Design Office.
Fujiwara Design Office? You did it!
That's amazing!
But why did they call you directly instead of our employment department?
Well, I sometimes helped them out when we worked at the same place.
Wow... But I'm so happy.
I see. So you've already been semi-tested during the past year and a half.
Mayama... So you got in.
Y-Yeah, fortunately.
I'm so glad.
Morita!
What's the matter, Tange-sensei?
He's not here! That idiot isn't here!
And the graduate thesis is due in 30 minutes!
But he was 90 finished.
He left the last 10 and disappeared!
Now that I think about it, I haven't seen him in the last two or three days.
I-It's a statue of himself.
But why is it macho?
Who cares anymore, Professor?
Let's just accept it.
But it's not finished yet.
Then we can entitle it Useless.
The word hanninmae (useless) literally means half a man.
It fits perfectly.
Shuu-chan, get a hold of yourself!
B-But while I'm still alive, I can't accept something that's incomplete.
I love money!
Gramps!
Who in the world did this to Gramps?!
You did.
I'm gonna die!
Well then, congratulations on submitting your graduate thesis and emergency thesis.
Cheers!
So in the end, the only one out of this group who will go away is Mayama.
Even though it's a guy like him, it's a little sad to see him leave.
Just a little bit...
It's painful to see.
Nope, he won't go away.
Hello there.
After all, he hates being left out!
All right. Let's try this again.
Cheers!
And so...
As expected, it ends up like this.
Oh yeah, Mayama... About the new part-timer Rika asked me to look for...
What do you think? Should it be a guy or a girl?
Well, let's see...
It involves physical labor, so a guy would be better.
Ah, but putting an unfamiliar brat in that room with Rika-san...?
Ah, but on the other hand, she'll have to be more courteous around a girl.
Then a guy, after all?
No, but...!
Just kidding.
Sorry, that was a lie.
Do you know of a company called Art Craft?
You mean Asai-san's?
Ah, yes. I've worked with them a few times before.
She'll be working with them on a cooperative project for a while and apparently doesn't need a part-timer for now.
All right! There's nothing to worry about if that Asai-san is with her!
Asai-san A gentleman in his fifties
Now, now, wake up, everyone. Let's go home and sleep.
Rika, I sort of understand why you weren't able to let go of Mayama.
Well then, Mayama, I'm leaving now, so please lock the door behind you.
What about Yamada, Sensei?
You take her home.
And make sure that she doesn't need to get drunk like that anymore.
Hey, Yamada...
Grab on tight. You'll fall off.
Yessir.
Yamada, that's too tight!
Hey, Yamada... Why did you fall in love wih me?
You're precious to me.
So I've been thinking that I needed to turn you down properly if you ever told me that you liked me.
But... I thought that you'd go away somewhere if I turned you down.
When I looked at you, it hurt me because it was like looking at myself.
I thought, Ah, I wonder if I look like that from Rika-san's perspective...
Uncool and persistent...
But that doesn't matter anymore.
Even though I tried to act cool, I couldn't change a thing.
And I'm still uncool.
And I wasn't able to give up on her.
Yamada, are you drooling on me?
Mayama...
I love you!
I love you!
Yeah.
I love you so much!
Yeah.
I love you!
Yeah.
Mayama, I love you!
Yeah.
I love you!
Yeah.
I love you so much!
Yeah.
Thank you.
akanai mabuta kosutte mieru
I rub my heavy eyelids to reveal
pastel moyou no mirai ni
A future in the shape of pastels
chiribamerareta kigou o tadoru
I follow the scattered symbols
taguri yoseta hyoujou
As my expressions were pulled in closer
nee nandakke sagashiteita mono
Say, what was it that we were looking for again?
are wa soune itsudakke
That's right, exactly when were those days
bokura ga inryoku ni sakarai nagara deatta koro
When we used to meet, denying the attraction that was forming between us?
sore ga waltz no you dane fushigi sa
It's like a waltz, isn't it? It's quite marveling
sasayaku youna komorebi no kousaten de
We paint away sceneries
futari waltz no youni ne mawari nagara
As we waltz and spin
egaki dashite yuku mono
Where the whispering sunlight falls through the trees and meet.
Next episode: We look for a miracle.
