nakushita yakusoku wa hoshi ni
Send the lost promises to the stars
omoide wa tokenai
My memories won't fade away
yotsuba no clover sagashinagara kimi no kao
I steal a glance at you as we look for four-leaf clovers,
chirari nusumi mite wa me o sorasu
But then divert my eyes
yasashii ame wa furu watashitachi no ue ni
The gentle rain falls above our heads
surechigau hito no kazu dake dramatic ni naru no
as it becomes as dramatic as the number of people passing by
kowareta taisetsu na mono to
I wonder if we'll ever be able to
itsuka mata aeru hi ga kurukashira
reunite with those precious things that were broken
nokoshita kizuato ga kienai
The scars that were left behind won't go away
sorezore no basho made
Now we must depart
mou ikanakucha
To our own separate ways
It seems the map I borrowed from Shin-san had been rained on many times.
It was damaged and yellowed, and when I opened it, the scotch tape that was placed everywhere made a cracking noise.
It looks like an ancient scroll.
So it's been that long since then...
Map of Japan
Map of Japan
Map of Japan
Map of Japan
Map of Japan
Map of Japan
Takemoto-kun, don't push yourself too hard once you enter Hokkaido.
It's just vast and little to no street lamps, so make sure to find a place to sleep before sundown.
And you should take the ferry when crossing over from Honshu to Hokkaido.
You'll be impressed to see Hokkaido approaching after you've been on the ship for about four hours.
Plus, it really feels like a journey when you get onto the ferry on your bicycle.
This red line is the path of Shin-san's journey...
It looks a little like...
A constellation.
I'm hungry...
School located!
Where there's a school, there's a store!
Ishida Shop
Bingo!
Excuse me...
Anpan (with chunks)
Anpan
There they are!
But only anpans?
There's no variety to choose from!
But it's an energy source I've finally come across! Of course I shall buy them all!
Excuse me, I'm buying these!
What? Is that all you're having for lunch?
Y-Yes.
Where did you come from?
Tokyo.
Tokyo?!
Want me to slice up more ham?
Oh, no. Thank you though.
I'm sorry that I only have pickles ready.
And if that's not enough then I only have somen.
Note: somen - cold noodle dish
No, no, this is plenty!
Thank you very much!
This store used to be run by my mother-in-law.
That person.
And the person next to her is my father-in-law.
And this is my husband.
And this?
Those are some huge leaves...
Wait... is that aloe?!
Yeah.
This picture was taken in Los Angeles.
Los Angeles... you mean in America?!
You've been there, Grandma?!
I went there on a trip with my Agricultural Cooperative.
Here's a snack. Take them with you.
But boy did I lose...
I've never even ridden on an airplane before.
Los Angeles, huh...
What a grandma...
They were huge! The aloe leaves were like this!
Even my mother hasn't ever gone outside of Japan.
Nor my father...
That's right...
His life ended without him ever going out...
Not even once.
That's...
This train has a star on it, Dad!
That's right. Isn't it cool?
This train is called...
It's the Hokutosei!
Note: North Star
Yuuta, this is a sleeper train.
It runs all night to get to Sapporo.
Let's ride it together someday when you're bigger.
I want to ride it now, Dad.
We can't.
I mean, you get sleepy once it's past ten.
Then Dad would be bored, right?
Let's ride it together when you're able to stay up later and chat with me.
Someday... the two of us together...
T-T-T-That was close...!
It's the Milky Way.
A life where he wasn't able to ride even such a tiny red train...
The meaning to my father's life...
And...
The meaning to my life.
Arms, okay.
Legs, okay.
I'm good!
Let's ride!
kono sakamichi mo sorosoro PEAK de
I'm almost at the peak of this hill,
baka rashii uso mo kiesarisou desu
And the foolish lies are about to disappear.
yagate kuru daisuki na kisetsu o omoigaitetara
While I thought about the coming of my favorite season,
choudo ii koro ni suteki na CHORD de
I hit a wonderful chord at just the right moment...
monosugoi takasa ni todokisou desu
And I feel as if I can reach such wonderful heights.
kotoba yori fureai motomete tsukisusumu kimi e
This is for you, who carries on, looking for contact rather than words.
kona no you ni tobidasu setsunai tokimeki desu
It's a painful throb in my chest that's stirred up like powder.
ima dake wa nigenai de kimi o mitsumetemiyou
I'll keep watching you without running away for now.
furui hoshi no hikari bokutachi o terashimasu
The light from the old star illuminates us.
sekaijuu nani mo nakatta sore igai wa
There was nothing else but that in the world.
minami e mukau kaze nagareru kumo ni
If I had entrusted the fragment of my heart...
kokoro no kirehashi o takushita naraba
To that cloud floating on the southerly wind...
kanata e
Faraway...
The Northernmost Point in Japan
This is... the end of Japan.
It's odd.
You can even reach a faraway place like this by just moving your two legs.
kona no you ni tobidasu setsunai tokimeki desu
It's a painful throb in my chest that's stirred up like powder.
It's so obvious...
But I didn't realize it until I came here.
ima dake wa nigenai de kimi o mitsumetemiyou
I'll keep watching you without running away for now.
I'm glad that I was able to see this view.
yatara majime na yoru nazedaka nakisou ni naru
The night is rather somber; somehow it almost makes me cry.
Let's go home.
To where you and I... and everyone else belongs.
shiawase wa togirenagara mo tsuzuku no desu
Happiness can be put on hold but it will continue.
Let's go home.
By stepping down on the pedal the same number of times.
tsuzuku no desu
It will continue.
Hagu, we're going soon.
August 30th - The End of the Summer.
No, maybe it should be Their Last Summer Vacation?
Sign: Congratulations on Finishing Your Self-Realization!!
Sign: Banzai for the King of Adolescence!!!
Ah! Takemoto-kun!
Yo, runaway.
Takemoto-kun!
The Idol of Adolescence has come back!
I'm so glad that you're safe...
T-Thank you.
My, my, Takemoto-kun...
Did you sleep well last night?
I'm sure you did...
Or rather... we sure let you have a wonderful dream, didn't we?
I have no choice but to cut them apart!
Hanamoto-kun, calm down!
Mayama, come right away!
It was a huge mess.
You wouldn't wake up at all.
I-I'm sorry.
I was on a high since I entered Kantou and came speeding here without really sleeping a lot.
I'm sorry, Hagu-chan.
And how was your journey?
How far did you ride?
Um... to Wakkanai.
Wakkanai... in Hokkaido?!
That's the very top of Japan!
And how was it?
Were you able to find yourself?
What about your answer? Or truth?
Were you able to attain enlightenment?
Well, a lot of people on the way also said I was on a self realization...
But I actually didn't leave to find myself...
Well, honestly, I just got stressed out and started riding without knowing what's going on...
And I just ended up going further than I imagined.
While I cooked for myself and made innovations in camping...
It just happened that I started to have an interest in cycling...
On my way, I worked a live-in job...
And met a lot of people there.
I also thought about a lot of things.
But I didn't find anything tangible like quotes or myself...
I really came back empty handed.
Really? Is that so? Empty-handed, huh?
With only your adolescence...!
You've seized this moment where you could put things as just empty-handed!
That's fine! That's just fine!
That's just fine for you, Takemoto-kun!
The party starts tonight, Takemoto-kun.
We'll make a lot of tasty dishes!
Well, u-um...
Oh, th-that's right!
Instead of a party, why don't we go to the Fall Festival in the Eighth District of Omiya this weekend?
Let's all eat something at the booths.
I haven't been able to go out anywhere with everyone yet this summer, after all.
Nice, Takemoto!
You've cleanly avoided the Female Cooking Club!
Okay then, I should get going.
I've run out of money, so I need to go interview for part-time jobs.
If you're going to an interview, then you should at least take a bath.
You passed out right after you came back last night, right?
This is my gift to you to celebrate your safe return.
Morita-san...
This is...
Unlimited use of water is wonderful! On top of that, free!
Man, in only his underwear... His face and body are the same color...
Free of charge!
You've sure become wild, Takemoto...
This feels great!
What are you staring at?
Well, I just thought that you've lost weight.
And this farmer's tan on top of that... so uncool, isn't it?
But Wakkanai, huh?
That's just like you...
You didn't contact us even once for two months.
I-I'm sorry for making you worry...
Well, I wasn't worried.
You're pretty tough, so I knew that you wouldn't die so easily.
Morita-san...
And so...
Getting back to the talk of doing well for your interview...
Before you go...
I'll cut your hair! For only 1000 yen!
You're doubting my love?!
Well, isn't it actually pretty dangerous to believe in your love, Morita-san?
Believe! Believe in my pure love!
He's screaming about love to a soaked man wearing only boxers...
But it's so transparent.
Yeah, and smack in the middle of campus.
Love!
Then how about we trade haircuts?
I can only do a crew cut though.
He's competing on equal grounds with Morita...
You've really become manly, Takemoto.
What will you do?
Oh, here he comes!
Hey, that was pretty quick for a trip around Hokkaido!
You're all tanned... the top of your nose is peeling.
How uncool.
Do you have enough money? Want to work two or three more days?
More importantly, please cook us dinner!
And bentos!
Sure.
Hooray!
I don't need the bicycle anymore. I'll give it to you.
You can ride it home.
Oh, and Takemoto-kun...
Yes?
If you want to come work for us, you should get your driver's license while you're still in school.
A-Ayu, what should we eat first?
Calm down, we'll start with the small things!
Then the saucy stuff awaits us!
I'll go get the okonomiyaki!
Hagu-chan, go for the takoyaki!
Takemoto-kun, get the yakisoba!
Go!
Morita-san, to the American dog!
Everyone gather here once you've bought your stuff!
And get extra sauce on everything!
Roger!
Say, Mayama. I get this feeling that I saw the same scene last year...
What a coincidence... I feel that, too.
And actually, just how long am I supposed to be drinking alcohol with just you, Sensei?
I missed again!
I can't hit it!
And I want the Whip-chan...
Takemoto.
What is it?
Show them your skills.
Big Prizes
Ball Darts
You should do it for them, Mayama-san.
I'm tired out.
I'm drinking with Hanamoto-san.
Mayama-san...
Takemoto-kun, thank you!
I'm so happy!
It's so cute!
Hagu-chan, how's your fever?
It's gone down now.
I see. I'm glad.
You went really far, didn't you?
Yeah.
What was the end of this land like?
There was nothing there.
But... it was bright.
The sky was beautiful, and it made me want to show it to you, Hagu-chan.
I thought that I want to see it through your drawings.
I want to go there, too.
I want to draw it...
How far can I go without looking back?
I finally understood the reason I started riding on that day while thinking that.
I think I just wanted to understand how important the things that I'm riding away from are.
Hagu-chan.
I'm in love with you.
Takemoto-kun, thank you for coming back.
Box: For Biking Camping!!
Your feverish hand was hot and quickly became sweaty as I clasped it.
atatamesugita omoi o zenbu
The landscape that we can see
It felt alive.
It made me feel like I can keep on living.
I was able to say from the depths of my heart that I'm glad to have come back.
hakidashite mieru LANDSCAPE
By throwing up all the overheated emotions.
Let's keep riding while holding onto those that are precious to us.
hantoshi ijou kusuburaseteru
Igniting the image...
Onto the unmanageable future...
Uncertainties...
IMAGE ni hi o tomoshite
That had been smoldering for over half a year.
Confusions...
Unrequited feelings...
nandakke nakushiteshimatta mono
What was it that we lost?
Wishes that won't come true...
Yourself... unable to leave everything behind...
soredemo iin da tte
Even then, it's okay.
Even those days when you just can't find an answer.
bokura no inryoku de hikiai motomeau no darou
We attracted each other with our gravity, didn't we?
I will...
sore wa WALTZ no you da ne suteki sa
It's like a waltz isn't it? It's wonderful.
What is it, Mayama-san?
Hurry up. The party's started.
Okay, I'll be right there.
tsubuyaku you na saezuri kikinagara
While listening to that whisper of a song...
Takemoto-kun, do you have any juice?
Yeah, I do.
marude WALTZ no you ni ne futari ga
Something the two of us draw out...
The refrigerator in my room is still empty as usual.
egakidashite yuku mono
As if in a waltz.
But I can't hear that sound anymore.
I feel that I can keep believing...
That even the thing all of us were looking for but never found on that day...
Someday...
Surely...
akanai mabuta kosutte mieru
I rub my heavy eyelids to reveal
pastel moyou no mirai ni
A future in the shape of pastels
chiribamerareta kigou o tadoru
I follow the scattered symbols
taguri yoseta hyoujou
As my expressions were pulled in closer
nee nandakke sagashiteita mono
Say, what was it that we were looking for again?
are wa soune itsudakke
That's right, exactly when were those days
bokura ga inryoku ni sakarai nagara deatta koro
When we used to meet, denying the attraction that was forming between us?
sore ga waltz no you dane fushigi sa
It's like a waltz, isn't it? It's quite marveling
sasayaku youna komorebi no kousaten de
We paint away sceneries
futari waltz no youni ne mawari nagara
As we waltz and spin
egaki dashite yuku mono
Where the whispering sunlight falls through the trees and meet.
