Wi...With Mt. Ontake as the only clue, this place is too vast to search on foot.
Just how much farther is it from here?
Kuromaro-donooo!!!
Nanami?
What are you doing in a place like this?
Yukiji-san!
The God Becomes a Bride
Himetaro isn't with you?
I heard that on the day you left, he disappeared too.
So I thought for certain that he must have left with you.
I-I'm sorry... for leaving without saying a word.
Himetarou
Tomoe also left the house that day...
I wonder if his fate was properly linked to Yukiji-san...
Why are you here in the capital, Yukiji-san?
Oh! Have you perhaps settled your marriage negotiations with that rich man here?
Crack
Rich man?
Oh, you mean that old lecher?
He pounced on me out of nowhere when I went to meet him,
so I kicked his face with all my might!
But thanks to that, I received a better proposal.
The wedding is being arranged to be held very soon.
I came to the capital to choose things for my trousseau.
That's right!
Yukiji-san will now be duly wed into a lord's family
Oh! Nanami, it's you!
Fuuta-kun!!
Stupid Nanami, what have you been up to till now!?
Huh? Could this miss be...?
You!! You're from that bunch who treated me rudely the other time!!
I'm Suke.
This time I've come as Yukiji-san's attendant.
Sukeroku, did you reach an agreement at the draper?
Yes!
We'll leave here and return to the village tomorrow.
What about you?
Umm... Please let me accompany you on your way home.
I'll go to the mountain up north of the village,
and have Kappa-san call for Kuromaru once again.
That's definitely more reliable.
Okay, I don't mind.
But don't vanish on your whim this time, Nanami.
I'm going to take a bath.
Oh, yes.
Yukiji-san will be marrying a lord!
Stop, stop! Don't think of needless things.
Nothing I think here will change anything!
My lady... Her home was burned by youkai and she became an orphan.
But Master, who appraised her looks to be useful, took her in as his daughter.
That's why he was very happy with this most desirable marriage offer.
But, I think that Yukiji-sama was the happiest when she learned about it.
With this, I'll finally leave this house.
I'll finally create a real family of my own, she said.
I want Yukiji-sama to be happy.
Because she has suffered a lot.
Yeah.
I'm an outsider.
Still, it is alright to pray for her happiness?
Yukiji!
Where in the world where you dawdling about!?
And even when I said the lord's envoys will be here soon!
And you've gotten so filthy...
Go bathe and rinse off that filth from your trip!
The procession is already tomorrow, you know!
Excuse me...
Yukiji-san...
Kappa-san's mountain has somehow gotten pitch black.
W-Would it be possible for me to stay here tonight?
Kappa-san was...
Kuromaro-dono will come immediately when I call him.
When he comes, this pond will probably be tainted with black and become uninhabitable.
At that time, it was because we called for Kuromaro that the mountain became black.
I can't call him just like that.
If I don't leave this place...
I... will bring upon something terrible...
What is a good way to reach Mt. Ontake?
Nanami.
Are you okay?
Fuuta-kun, where's Yukiji-san?
She's preparing for tomorrow.
Leaving that aside, I thought you were a dark monster earlier.
Um?
What?
Are you Yukiji?
Youkai!
Akura-ou-sama wants you...!
Damn you, attacking from behind, what sort of a defiant attitude is that!?
What in the world is all that commotion!?
My Lady!
You belong to Akura-ou-sama.
Don't think your procession will go smoothly!
Akura-ou!?
Yukiji! Stop this, Yukiji!!
Someone!
This has to be cleaned quickly. Do it secretly!
Y-Yes!
Yukiji-san...
Tomorrow is the bridal procession already. Just what are we to do?
It's too late to postpone it.
Being tactless will send my head flying!
As planned, she will depart tomorrow.
You're fine with this too, aren't you, Yukiji?
Yes, father.
It's dangerous!
Please reconsider tomorrow's procession!
This Akura-ou who's targeting Yukiji-san, isn't just some youkai!
What's this? Outsider's should stay quiet!
She might get killed!
If that happens, then so be it.
There's nothing to do except leave her fate to the heavens!
No way...!
Nanami,
I'm going to make a family of my own blood.
I'm going to be happy.
I must protect her!
If it's for the sake of Yukiji-san's happy smile,
I'll be her substitute.
I'll be Yukiji-san's substitute and ride the palanquin.
What stupid things are you saying!?
Nanami, as if I'd let you pretend to be me!
That's a good plan.
You have nearly the same built as Yukiji. This might go well.
Father...!?
In return,
while I'm acting as her stand-in, I want you to search for a certain someone.
I want you to utilize all the men and horses you employ,
to deliver my words to him.
He is a fallen god who resides on Mt. Ontake. His name is Kuromaro.
To Mt. Ontake's Kuromaro
And also, this white paper will guide you to wherever he is.
These are my terms for being her stand-in.
I'm going to save both Yukiji-san and Tomoe.
This is my best strategy!
Alright. I'll prepare my men and horses.
However, there's no assurance of your life.
From the start, I didn't come here with a half-hearted resolve.
Let's abandon this castle already.
It's built on a cliff, so descending from it is bothersome.
And the sound of wind within the castle is loud too.
Are you tired of it already, Akura-ou?
Even though you said this castle-on-the cliff was cool and killed the owner to get it?
Then, how about moving to the sea next?
It seems like the Dragon King and his palace reside in the ocean depths of the west.
The Dragon King, huh.
That's a good idea!
I heard that the Dragon King's eyes are pills of immortality.
In that case, we'll split them evenly.
Right eye mine, left eye yours.
Sounds fun, eh brother?
You've finally returned to your usual self.
Hmmm? Who is it that put this mop in a place like this?
Have you been in excellent spirits, Akura-ou-sama?
Your faithful servant, Kirakaburi, has returned from Izumo.
Ohh, Kirakaburi, I have an errand for you.
Yes! What could it be?
It seems like a human woman named Yukiji will have her bridal procession tomorrow.
The guy I sent earlier failed.
They say she's extraordinarily beautiful.
I want to see her face.
Hee! Hearing she's a beauty has gotten me fired up. Do you only want her face?
Except her face, I don't care about the rest.
Even if it means she can't move.
Then, this producer of beauty, Kirakaburi, will use all his skills and see to it that your expectations are met.
So, where is this young woman?
Ask all the trivial stuff to that furball over there.
All the information is from him after all.
Hm?
Hmph!
What is this feeling?
Where are you going?
I'm going home to sleep.
Sweet dreams.
I don't care!
It's just no fun that the flower I failed to pick is going to be trampled by those guys.
That's all.
Isn't it a bit too reckless?
A youkai will certainly discover that it's not me.
Stop with this talk about youkai already!
Anyway, I can't lose face before his lordship.
You better hold your tongue and do as I say!
How horrible!
Master only thinks about protecting himself.
He doesn't care about my lady even a little bit!
But father, if the youkai see through the impostor, they might come to attack this mansion.
Hm!? True!
You're their target, so they must be knowing how beautiful you are.
A girl that filthy may not be able to fool them.
Master, Nanami is ready.
Her loose, rumpled hair have been arranged.
With this, she shall fill in suitably for Yukiji-sama.
Why, she's barely recognizable!
To think that she'd resemble Yukiji this much! If it's like this, even the youkai can't suspect her!
Lady Yukiji and Nanami... I thought that they both had a vaguely similar aura, but I was wrong.
Their appearances alone are nearly the same.
Can two complete strangers look this alike?
Perhaps Nanami is Yukiji-sama's relative...?
Idiot! Did you think I would thank you for looking like that!?
I don't want to be happy by letting you die!
It's a nuisance!
What happened to you suddenly? Speaking like that...
Lady Yukiji...?
I apologize for causing trouble.
I want you to be happy.
But, just like you, I want to be happy as well.
That's why I won't die.
I promise.
Nanami...
You don't resemble me.
I can't make that look in your eyes.
Eyes filled with hope... Facing ahead without despair, her eyes are without the slightest of doubt.
Yukiji-san's Papa, please promise that you'll also find Kuromaro, okay?
I envy you, Nanami...
The next morning, Yukiji-san left the mansion quietly as planned.
Until Yukiji-san arrives at her husband lord's household safely, I'll catch their attention.
For that, I'll roam around flamboyantly.
Though it's just a pretense, I never thought that I'd become a bride.
I wonder what Tomoe would say if he saw me.
It doesn't suit you.
Somehow I heard that!
I'll play a trick on that Akura-ou.
I'd be lying if I said I'm not scared,
but I have my white paper charms, the dagger I borrowed from Yukiji-san...
and... the hairpin from Tomoe.
Protect me, okay Tomoe?
Please, let everything go well.
Just what is wrong with me?
This impatience is keeping me from being calm.
So much so, that I failed to kill that young girl.
All because I wasn't acting like usual, I wasn't in tune with myself.
If she's going to be finished off by those guys...
For once, I'll definitely kill her with my own hands next time.
This is getting interesting.
This is definitely... more like me.
Nanami-san, I'm tired already. My load is very heavy. Let's rest a bit in this area, Nanami-sa-
It isn't Nanami, right!? It's Yukiji!
What are we going to do if the youkai hear it!?
Yukiji-san wouldn't have hit me like this...
What's this fog?
Poison!?
Oh no! Don't inhale this fog!
Apologies for making you wait, miss bride.
I'm Kirakaburi, a creator for beauty.
By Akura-ou-sama's orders, I've come to fetch you
You finally showed up, eh youkai!
He's not Akura-ou! Looks kind of flashy!
Damn you, release Yukiji-sama!
To think that miss bride's accessories are this shabby...
Even a beauty production has it's limits, you know
For now, should I pulverize you all and sprinkle gold dust on you guys?
Stop it! Please don't kill them!
I won't defy you! I'll go to wherever Akura-ou is!
I don't mind if you defy me.
Because after I've adorned them for their funeral, you will be next, Yukiji-dono.
Even the deceased are an embodiment of beauty.
It's my job to decorate you to the best of my ability and present you to Akura-ou-sama.
You have the wrong person!
That person is not Yukiji-sama!
Suke-kun!
This is bad! If this carries on, everyone's going to be killed!
I'm right here! Catch me if you can!
Heh! It's useless!
And you're trying to escape from me with those legs...
Nanami
What is this!?
Running like this reminds me of that incident in Yomi.
That's right, at that time, Tomoe had come to my rescue.
Right now, I'm... helplessly alone.
I want to see you...
Tomoe!
You can't run away anymore.
That poison is a numbing drug I created.
First, your legs with rapidly become unmovable and your brain will cease to function in the end.
I can't move...
Am I going to die... without being able to see you... Tomoe?
My bad, Kirakaburi.
She is mine.
Tomoe...!
What is the meaning of this, Fox-dono?
Do you plan to rebel against Akura-ou-sama?
I am not his underling.
Don't group me with you bastards.
Tomoe...
Tomoe...!
Tomoe...!!
I finally caught you.
Now then, how shall I end your life?
Tomoe!
The one holding me right now, isn't the Tomoe of the present.
It's the terrifying Tomoe of 500 years ago.
But... he has the same smell.
If I could move my hands, I would be able to touch his hair,
feel the heat of his body...
So you can't move your body due to the poison? How boring.
I'm scared!
Hey, look over here.
Although I'm afraid, somewhere in my heart, a part of me doesn't reject it.
Hey!
Tomoe's arms feel warm and good.
I wanted to meet him, I wanted to touch him like this, always.
Look at me, Yukiji.
Yukiji
No...!
Please! Don't look at me!
I'm not Yukiji.
If I could move my arms right now, I would cover my face this instant.
I want to shout out that I'm not Yukiji and disappear from this place!
Please, Tomoe...!
Don't... weep like that.
When you cry, I loose my nerves.
From afar, I could hear the sound of rain.
Was everyone able to run to safety?
Adrift in the depths of darkness,
I saw a dream of Yukiji-san, surrounded by her new family, smiling happily.
I can't move my body.
Something is holding me down.
Don't squirm.
Just stay still like this.
To-
Shut up. Don't talk.
Keep sleeping till I wake up.
Where is this!? Why is Tomoe here!?
That's right, I was attacked by a youkai yesterday during the procession...
And Tomoe...!
Hmph. Looks like all the poison hasn't been extracted yet.
O-Oh no!! He'll become my familiar!
Wait!!
Why is Tomoe here?
I heard that Akura-ou is coming for me.
Oh yes... I must not get involved with Tomoe here.
If I had not become Yukiji-san's double,
then it would have been Yukiji-san who met Tomoe here.
Could I have... perhaps... Yukiji-san and Tomoe's fate...
I won't give you to Akura-ou.
I will keep you.
Do your best not to displease me.
This is the wicked Tomoe... of 500 years ago!!
Wait! Where are you taking me!?
The rain has stopped. We're going to my lair.
This isn't your home!?
I don't know this place.
Just wait a moment! I mustn't go with you!
I'm really happy to have met you Tomoe,
but... I must return home.
For the sake of meeting the Tomoe 500 years from now.
In order to meet the you who calls me Nanami.
Your will has no meaning.
If I feel like it, I can turn you into ashes instantly.
You're just a toy that I shall treat as I please.
Be grateful that you are still alive.
STUPID FOOOX!!!
When I say I'll return home, I shall do so!
And also, I hate the Tomoe who talks like that!
You hate me!
Even though you would have been killed by now if I wasn't here.
You're going back home because you hate me, eh?
That's right!
That's amusing! Being unable to even stand due to the poison, how exactly are you planning to go home?
I'll manage somehow!
This woman...! This woman...! Shall I...!
Then, go ahead and try.
You should just die in this hovel alone.
Such a weak woman, alone in the depths of the mountains.
Just what exactly can she do when she can hardly walk?
She'll just give up overnight anyway.
When that happens, she'll be more obedient.
And when she sees me, there's no doubt she'll come crying, Tomoe-sama, please save me!
She should know her place as an inconsequential being who must obey me.
I hate the Tomoe who talks like that!
For those words to pierce me this deeply...
Just who is that woman!?
Humans in the midst of such mountains?
Bandits, eh?
I see.
I thought that the house was in a strange location. So it's a thieves' den...
So cold...!
That Tomoe is no different from Akura-ou.
No, Tomoe is different!
Actually he's... always been more gentler.
Oh! What's this!? A woman's sleepin' here.
T-Those are some dangerous looking guys.
P-Pardon the intrusion!
Um, I was poisoned a bit and so am unable to move my body...
This one's good...
She's a reward from heavens for our hard work.
No...! Tomoe!!
See? You can't do anything on your own.
I told you so before.
Fox fire!
He's a youkai! Run!!
Tomoe!
Stop it!
Don't kill him!
Why?
Tomoe is... different from Akura-ou!
Your a fox that understands people's pain, right!?
Then...
Just what am I saying!?
I don't... hate you.
This feeling... what is it...?
Hakanaki yume ga sameyaranu mama
In a lingering, fleeting dream,
Hanabirao hitotsu yakusoku ni shita
we made a promise on the petal.
Namao wo younde sugao ni furete
Calling my name, touching me earnestly,
Shiranai toshitsuki umeru te no hira
for many years, your hands held mine.
Midareta kami wo nanimo iwazuni naoshite kureta
Without saying a word you fixed my disheveled hair.
Ne
Right?
Sakurani kotoba toki no wakuraba
By the cherry blossoms' sacred words,
Oikaketeita anatano senaka
I'd been chasing your back.
Furimuita hitomi wa kagayasashikute
You turned around with gentle eyes.
Senobi wo shitara todoku kigashita
If I tiptoed, I might reach you,
Sono kyori sae mo tada suki datta
Even from afar, my love in unwavering
Hitogo tsunoru omoi, dakishimeta mama
My feelings get stronger, every time you hug me close.
Ikutsumono haru wo someteku
You brought color to many springtimes.
Binetsu no hibi gaa susaburu kaze ga
The mildly feverish days, the rough winds,
Hanabira wo tsuyoku irozukete ita
were strongly coloring the petals.
Isakai wo shite mata yorisotte
We fought then cuddled close to each other,
Dochiraga tomonaku tsunagu te no hida
Somewhere along the line our hands got linked together.
Preview
Tomoe's special feelings for Nanami grew.
But Nanami's existence is something that shouldn't be in this era.
Next time, The God Goes to Meet.
The Past Arc finale shall set your hearts racing until the end!
Credits: Raws-UCCUSS(from nyaa.se) Translation- KH Addicts Typesetting, Timing, Minor Script Editing- asckj1
