Don't kill him!
Why?
You are... different than Akura-ou!
You're a fox than understands people's pain, aren't you!?
Then...
Just what am I saying!?
I don't... hate you.
Even the cruel Tomoe's heart had changed.
The Tomoe of 500 years ago is much more rough than he is today.
That's refreshing.
My body too seems to move better now.
Yukiji.
Eat this.
He calls me Yukiji.
The God Goes to Meet
I don't want it. I've lost appetite.
And I'm not Yukiji.
Are you scared... of me?
I-I just said I don't hate you. I won't go together with you though.
I'll be returning home.
To your fiance's place, is it?
You were about to get married, but human men are all worms.
Even then, do you still want to become such a man's bride?
Leave me alone.
Even if they are insignificant for you, they are my precious in-laws.
Hmm...?
Then... is this also something you received from that man?
That's my-
I saw this lying in the hut from just now and picked it up.
Did you receive this from that worm man?
No!
It's not like that.
That's mine, so...
I...
It's my favourite. Give it back!
All you do is get angry or cry.
Come. I'll show you something good.
I won't go! I won't go together with you, Tomoe!
Why is that? You don't hate me, isn't it?
That's not the problem here.
Then are you scared of me?
I'm not scared!
In fact, I really like you!
I really like you!
But, right now... the person reflected in Tomoe's eyes... isn't me.
It's not-
Cherry blossoms!
So many of them!
Amazing!
They're the same flowers as your hairpin, aren't they?
Are you pleased?
Pretty!
It's like being inside a dream, isn't it?
It hurts...
My legs are still unsteady.
You finally smiled.
Always be that way.
Smile.
Forgive me, Tomoe.
The one hearing those words... shouldn't even be me.
If you're this pleased with this place, I shall build a palace here.
That way, you can view the cherry blossoms whenever you want.
But Tomoe, the cherry blossoms will scatter eventually.
I, too, must return home now.
If it's okay, won't you drop me at my home? Just saying...
Are you stupid!?
Be mine.
No, wait.
You don't like this way of talking.
Do you remember? That rainy day...
Even though it seemed that you were about to be eaten by a youkai,
you tried to stand up against me too.
Since that day... every time saw you, thought of you,
this feeling, that keeps getting intense, is the feeling of affection.
I am in love with you.
I know that it was you who saved me by the river.
And I know that every evening you sneaked in and patted my head.
That was...
You are dear to me than anything.
Stay by my side.
Why are you crying!?
Sorry.
I may not have been the person you thought about,
but, right now, I want to answer to you as myself.
I already am all yours.
I like you.
But not now.
I must return right now.
I, too, have things that I must do, no matter what.
But,
I promise,
I will become your wife in the future.
That's why,
promise me Tomoe,
When that time comes once again, don't evade it and say it properly, like just now.
Let Yukiji-san hear it too.
She's the person who you should be telling all this.
The future... when will that be?
Do you think I'll be convinced by those fine words?
Hey!
Yukiji! What's the matter!?
Time's up.
Please...Tomoe.
Return me... to my home.
I don't want to!
Goodbye, Tomoe.
Let's meet again, after 500 years.
Then, we will always, always be together.
Pull yourself together, Yukiji!
I'm... alright.
Not good! If this keeps up, I'll disappear in front of Tomoe.
Where are we going, Tomoe?
The place where you live.
You wanted to return home, right?
Even I don't know how to fix your body.
This is... the feudal lord's manor.
Yukiji-san is here.
Wait, leave me there... so that no one sees us.
I must not run into her right now.
Thank you for bringing me here, Tomoe.
I'm alright now.
Go before people find you.
If I let go of this hand, I feel as if I won't be able to see you again for a long time.
That might be the case.
This will probably be the last time that I meet the Tomoe of this era.
Then,
promise one more time,
that you'll definitely be my wife.
And as proof of your promise, leave your hairpin with me.
Please.
If not, then I can't go on living.
Thank you Tomoe.
You believed in me and showed your affection.
The only thing that I can leave behind, is my precious memories of you.
Hurry up and fix your sickness.
When that time that you say comes,
I'll definitely come to get you, Yukiji!
Just in a little while, I'll be able to save Tomoe.
I must hurry to Mt. Ontake.
Good work, Nanami-san.
Mikage-san!
It's alright. With this, everything that you needed to do is over.
Now, all that's left is to see how the seeds that you've sown bud.
Take care, Nanami-san.
This will be the last time travel.
You must meet Kuromaro this last time.
And I want you to find the key to lift Tomoe's curse.
He's on Mt. Ontake.
The air feels different than before.
I wonder how much time has passed since then.
Ah, you've come.
Are you Kuromaro?
I had a request.
There's a person who's about to die due to your spell!
He's stiff.
It's a fox youkai, right?
Looks like that man wasn't able to marry that woman named Yukiji after all.
Yukiji-san.
What happened to Yukiji-san!?
That woman... died.
Everything is over.
Died... Why!?
What happened, Kuromaro!?
Do you want to know?
Then, I shall show you just a bit...
I got my hands on a very good medicine.
If you drink this, I'm sure, even your sickness will go away.
Tomoe and Yukiji-san.
Yukiji.
Live with me, forever.
Tomoe!
That's right, this is an image of the past.
For such a flashy person like you to come to these mountains, what wish might you have?
I want to become a human.
I have a woman I want to marry for life, after becoming a human.
Tomoe...
A youkai like you, having such feelings for a human woman...
Can you do it?
If you can't, tell me the person who can.
I can.
However, I will have you risk your life for making a contract with me.
Do you have that kind of a resolve?
Of course.
If I can become a human, I'll even offer my body.
You feel this strongly for Yukiji-san, right?
I'm happy!
Wha!!
This is a contract between you and me.
I shall turn you into a human on the next full moon.
However my condition is, that you must marry that woman for life.
If you are not able to keep the promise, that curse mark will eat away your life.
Fine.
That was my wish from the beginning.
I shall grant your wish.
What is that woman's name?
That woman's name is Yukiji.
Tomoe, you idiot! Making a contract just like that.
She is to be my lifelong partner.
Because you bet your life, the current you is about to die!
Then, I shall have you offer an article that will stand as proof of the contract.
An article?
That's right. A great youkai like you is about to become human.
This is a major contract.
That is why, it won't do if you don't offer something suitably precious.
If that's the case, then there's no other option than this.
My most precious woman's belonging.
She promised me on this hairpin, that when that time comes, she'll be my wife.
I promise, I'll become your wife in the future.
That time might be when I become a human.
Or some time much further than that.
Even then,
I'll wait, no matter how long.
Tomoe! Me too!
Because she promised, that the time would definitely come.
I, too...
I, too!
Please wait, you stupid fox!!
When I return to the future, this time, I'll make you say that you like me!!!
I'll make you come with me to the aquarium repeatedly, ride the ferris wheel with you 5 times in a row,
and have you compliment me when I wear the *furisode.
*Note: furisode: long sleeved kimono.
That's why,
I'll go back.
I'll return to the future where Tomoe is waiting for me.
Kuromaro-san, please give that hairpin to me.
I can't return this hairpin.
Because it belongs to this era.
If you take this with you to the future, you'll make Tomoe disappear from your future.
You must return to your time and search for this hairpin there.
For that, keep this place, where I am sleeping, in your mind very well.
I will die here.
Yukiji died before Tomoe, and so the condition could not be fulfilled, neither by me nor by Tomoe.
Kuromaro-san!
We, who couldn't fulfill the promise, must pay the price.
That is my contract.
Why?
Why did you forge such a contract?
A human child wouldn't understand.
You know, I... wanted to be connected to someone... deeper and deeper.
Rather than living alone for ages,
I preferred to share my fate with the one I'm linked to and meet my end.
That was my cherished desire.
Return to the future,
Goodbye, human child.
Goodbye, Kuromaro-san.
The first time I met Tomoe,
I was scared, since he was a youkai, a fox and I didn't know his nature.
And as a bonus, he had a bad attitude, was a flirt and had a bad mouth.
But,
it didn't take much time for me to fall for him.
I'll wait, no matter how long it takes.
You've waited for me for 500 years, right Tomoe?
I won't make you wait for even one day now.
I must hurry back to the present and find the hairpin!
I'm back. It's Mikage shrine!
I've returned, Mikage-san!
At last,
just as Mikage-san said, it'll be over in a short while.
I found out the way to break the curse! This will definitely save Tomoe!
At last, I'll be able to meet Tomoe!
Who are you?
Why do you know about Tomoe?
It's me! Momozono Nanami!
The one you handed over the shrine to!
Huh?
Was Mikage shrine always this beautiful!?
Could this be...
Wait! Will you be able to save Tomoe?
Please let me hear what you have to say, Nanami-san!
Mikage-sama! All the fish folk are snoring in the guest room!
It's okay. Let them continue sleeping.
Nanami-chan is working hard by herself! They're too carefree!
Okay, okay.
Mikage-sama too is too carefree!
Are you seriously thinking about Tomoe-kun?
What? Of course! That's harsh!
Because, you don't seem too worried, do you?
Why had you left for 20 years in the first place?
Ever since I invited Tomoe to be my familiar, I've always always worried about him.
Tomoe had a debt he needed to settle one day.
But I didn't know what to do for someone who didn't even know what a high price he would have to pay.
Still, I tried everything possible for me to do.
But nothing I did worked.
And then, on a certain day 20 years ago, suddenly, the fog was lifted.
That made me really happy.
Nanami-chan!!
I'm back.
Mizuki, it hurts! My body hurts!!
You've found a way to break the curse, isn't it?
Yes!
It took a while.
But, I'm coming to get you soon.
Wait for me, okay Tomoe?
Tomoe!
I can hear Nanami's voice.
No... That's...
Yukiji's voice.
That's not possible.
Because she died a long time ago.
It's so dark that I can't even see her face.
My consiousness...
Tomoe, so you were sleeping in a place like this?
Sorry for sealing you inside the mirror.
You'll be just fine even if you come out of there now.
Come.
Let's go to a brighter place together.
I don't want to...
You're such a cautious child.
Nanami-san has gone to retrieve the proof of your contract, for your sake.
She has gone in the *Yogiriguruma, so she'll be back soon.
*Note: Yogiriguruma= night fog (Yogiri) vehicle (kuruma)
Nanami...!
Nanami-chan, is this really the right mountain?
It is.
It's such a stormy night. Should we come back tomorrow when the weather's better?
It's okay. Tomoe-kun won't die just yet.
Ah! I remember that place!
Nanami-chan, leaning out that much is danger-
Wha!! Nanami-chan!!
Mizuki! That's the place!
Lower the vehicle.
Nanami-chan...!!
What the hell is she doing!!
Nanami-san has gone to retrieve the proof of your contract in order to save you.
If that's found, then your curse will be uplifted and you'll all be free!
That's why,
you should come out too.
There's no way she can erase this curse mark.
I let Yukiji die alone.
Humans are weak.
Nanami's the same.
I don't wish for anything now.
You don't understand humans, do you?
They just have a different way of living than you.
Yukiji left behind a child in the feudal lord's house, didn't she?
Yes.
That little, weak living creature.
What do you think happened to that child?
It must have died like a stray.
No.
That child grew up safely and gave birth to a child.
That child also grew up and handed her life to the next generation.
By doing that, they linked to Nanami-san's generation.
Nanami-san is a descendant of Yukiji.
Just like you, who lives for hundreds of years,
for all those years, they linked their lives in that manner.
Humans aren't weak.
Nanami-san's existence is proof of their strength.
They won't disappear like bubbles.
On the contrary, you're on the verge of disappearing right now.
That's why, come on out.
Tomoe!!!
I've come to get you.
You promised me that you'd marry me, right?
When that time comes, I'll become your wife.
I promise, Tomoe.
We met again after 500 years with our memories lost.
It was a completely different meeting.
Yet, you were still able to find me.
Let me see.
The curse marks are gone.
There are a ton of things that I couldn't tell you then.
Tomoe, who am I?
You're Nanami.
That's right.
Hakanaki yume ga sameyaranu mama
In a lingering, fleeting dream,
Hanabirao hitotsu yakusoku ni shita
we made a promise on the petal.
Namao wo younde sugao ni furete
Calling my name, touching me earnestly,
Shiranai toshitsuki umeru te no hira
for many years, your hands held mine.
Midareta kami wo nanimo iwazuni naoshite kureta
Without saying a word, you fixed my disheveled hair.
Ne
Right?
Sakurani kotoba toki no wakuraba
By the cherry blossoms' sacred words,
Oikaketeita anatano senaka
I'd been chasing your back.
Furimuita hitomi wa kagayasashikute
You turned around with gentle eyes.
Senobi wo shitara todoku kigashita
If I tiptoed, I might reach you,
Sono kyori sae mo tada suki datta
Even from afar, my love in unwavering
Hitogo tsunoru omoi, dakishimeta mama
My feelings get stronger every time you hug me close.
Ikutsumono haru wo someteku
You brought color to many springtimes.
Binetsu no hibi gaa susaburu kaze ga
The mildly feverish days, the rough winds,
Hanabira wo tsuyoku irozukete ita
were strongly coloring the petals.
Isakai wo shite mata yorisotte
We fought then cuddled close to each other,
Dochiraga tomonaku tsunagu te no hida
Somewhere along the line our hands got linked together.
Credits: Raws-UCCUSS(from nyaa.se) Reference translation: Kamisama Kiss English Manga release: vol. 16, 17 Translation, Typesetting, Timing- asckj1
Just how much I love you,
from now on, I'm going to tell you that many times.
