hajimete no kimochi my first feelings
shonbori no mune ni upon my downhearted chest
sotto nagerareta hidamarine a sunny ray of light was gently thrown
hitori aruiteta walking alone...
sora miageta toki when I looked up at the sky,
haru ga soko ni kiteta spring was near,
misetekureta it showed me
kowareru omoiwa these trembling feelings are
maichiru hanabirane fluttering petals,
sukininatte iino is it okay for me to fall in love?
soretomo or will...
tamerau kokoro ga my hesitating heart
bureiki kakerukedo put on my brakes,
kurushikute it's so painful
ikiga tomarisou desu I can't breathe
Lingering winter
We celebrated the new year, then January passed and it became February.
The world keeps moving on so fast that I can't believe I left my house only a month and a half ago.
During that time, I tried to concentrate only on my work.
The most popular is probably Italian.
For Chinese food, the turntable...
In reality, work was the only thing I had.
In order not to think of unnecessary things...
But...
Hello!
Hi, we've been waiting for you.
I'm sorry I was late.
Not at all.
It wasn't something so easily done.
Hey.
I'll lend you taxi money, so...
Koshiro-san, it's cold.
But in the end, what I think about at the end of the day is...
Brother, how are you?
Good morning!
Are you eating properly?
Have you been healthy?
I've thought about my feelings, your feelings, and many things since then.
Another day that has nothing to do with me is coming again.
You don't have a true love, do you, Nanoka?
Right?
Hey Nanoka.
What are you worried about?
You haven't been looking too well recently.
Last time you said you'd sleep over, but you suddenly went home.
Something seems wrong.
What is it?
Did something happen?
Nothing happened.
Don't worry.
You don't have to hide it!
If there's something making you suffer or troubling you,
you know you can tell me anything!
If there's anything I can do, I'll help you!
I don't think you'd understand, Futaba-chan.
Probably...
I'm sorry.
What's that?
You won't tell me anything, so how am I supposed to understand?
But even if I think about it by myself,
I'm not able to find an answer.
Please take care of me tonight too.
You know...
I don't mind you staying over, but what are you going to do about a change of clothes and stuff?
I'll go home first and get them.
Then why don't you just sleep at your own home?
But your place is closer to the office,
so I'll be able to sleep in more in the morning.
Jeez.
That's why I went to the front of my brother's office a couple of times and..
I also tried going to my brother's house.
But...
Let's promise.
Today is the last day.
We won't meet again.
I remember my brother's words and
I restrained myself.
Thank you for the food.
You're not going to eat any more?
Your appetite has gone down recently.
Yeah, I'm full.
But brother...
I can't lie about my own feelings.
Brother, I still...
That idiot!
I told him to wake me up at six!
I slept in a weird position, so my whole body aches.
You slept over again?
Poor Koshiro-san.
Are you picking a fight with me?
If you keep on being his constant guest, he won't have any time to bring in girls!
I'm a girl too!
Is that your reason for being his constant guest?
You think?
I wonder why?
What?
Why he suddenly started living on his own.
I'm sure he has his reasons.
Like within his house.
Maybe he...!
Sniffed Nanoka-san's underwear and got disowned!
He's not you.
What kind of facial expression would they make, if I told them that was exactly the reason?
I sniffed her underwear, I thought of her and masturbated.
And in the end I embraced her.
I left my house in order to cut off that part of myself,
but I'm just thinking about her anyway.
What would you think if you found out about this part of me?
Don't frown like that!
I didn't intend to.
Everyone forgets things.
Yeah.
I'll leave right after I find my pass.
I'm not saying don't come.
I'd be more considerate if you had a girlfriend or something.
Koshiro...
It's not like you're not interested in women, right?
Because I haven't heard any romance rumours.
I was talking with Odagiri today too, but...
Ah, wait a second, I'm going to go buy some cigarettes.
What is she saying?
Hey, isn't that Nanoka-ch-
Ouch!
What's wrong with you?
Let go of me!
What's wrong? What are you thinking?!
My hair got all messed up!
Hey! Why don't you say something?
Why do we have to hide from Nanoka-chan?
She left!
Is it okay? Why do you run away?
Hey, Koshiro? Why are you running away?
Is Nanoka-chan the reason why you left your home, Koshiro?
Then...
Forget it. I guess there are different kinds of household circumstances.
Odagiri was worried about you too.
He was saying maybe you sniffed your sister's underwear.
Or you surprised her while she was asleep.
He says those things so seriously, too.
I didn't do anything!
Before those things happen...
Why are you getting all serious?
I was just kidding!
Come to think of it, you guys weren't very sibling-like, to say...
You guys were spreading an odd atmosphere.
I guess you couldn't leave her alone, since she was so attached to you.
Nanoka-chan is so cute and everything.
Before too, she seemed to think of you more like a prince than a brother.
She made her eyes twinkle.
Did you make a move on her?
You...
What the hell are you thinking?! She's your younger sister!
Without even thinking about the rest of her life!
You bastard!
I didn't!
That's why I left before anything happened!
What's your problem?
You don't know anything!
Why do I have to take all this from you?
I didn't know either, that at first, we were siblings...
That's sick.
It's disgusting.
Are you saying this for real?
Being so old.
Your younger sister... your blood related sister too.
The hell is that?
That's low.
You're a pervert.
That's right. In the end, that's what it is.
I should've already known that long before, but...
But I...
It was the first time I felt this way.
That's why I want to see you, brother.
Good morning.
Where's Koshiro?
He's not coming since he's not feeling well.
He called in with a voice sounding like he was about to die.
Poor condition, huh?
Do you know something?
Yeah, it's really terrible.
So that's why you didn't stay over last night?
It might not get better.
What? That bad?
That coward.
Unfortunately, I was not able to get a comment from Kanako-san.
So that means it's not for sure yet.
Yes, that is true, but...
So it means she was just looking at a female magazine.
Yes.
Then she isn't really able to give you any comment.
But I believe she could have given a little bit.
A little bit? But if it really is marriage, then at this time of year it's a bit odd.
Not just limiting it to celebrities, don't you think so?
I don't know what to say.
I'm sure you know these kinds of things better than I do.
Concerning the broadcasting of this interview...
Perhaps she's pregnant.
I've heard such rumours, too.
She's recently cancelled being on the drama series, right?
Do we know the reason?
She said she was in poor health condition.
Anyway, it seems like a celebratory occasion.
Yes?
U-umm...
What am I expecting?
Unable to be resolved.
Unable to give up.
Running away from her and running away from work.
Forever with this incomplete emotion.
Putting a pitiful face on.
What am I?
I want to see you too...
yasashii yume ga a gentle dream
sotto mune no haru wo yobi calls the spring in my heart
yasashii kaze ni nari and becomes a gentle breeze
kimi ni furete satteyuku that touches you then leaves
chiisana potto ni wa in the small pot
daisukina kimochi are feelings of love
yurayura to swaying softly
ii kaori nosete that carry a sweet scent
itsumo matteita always waiting...
kono toki wo atatamete warming up this moment...
futari dakara wakaru koto things we understand because it's the two of us
kotoba janakute are not just words
hohoemu dake negaudake we just smile, we just hope
shizukana sora e to the quiet sky
ashita mo mata aeru yo ne we'll see each other again tomorrow...
shizukana sora de at the quiet sky
I'm sorry I broke the promise.
I was worried if my brother was doing well.
Punishment of fighting spirit!
Brother, how are you doing?
If you have energy, you can do anything!
1, 2, 3, go!
