hajimete no kimochi my first feelings
shonbori no mune ni upon my downhearted chest
sotto nagerareta hidamarine a sunny ray of light was gently thrown
hitori aruiteta walking alone...
sora miageta toki when I looked up at the sky,
haru ga soko ni kiteta spring was near,
misetekureta it showed me
kowareru omoiwa these trembling feelings are
maichiru hanabirane fluttering petals,
sukininatte iino is it okay for me to fall in love?
soretomo or will...
tamerau kokoro ga my hesitating heart
bureiki kakerukedo put on my brakes,
kurushikute it's so painful
ikiga tomarisou desu I can't breathe
Autumnal melancholy
We... still have some eggs left.
mitsuba = white chervil (cryptotaenia japonica), japanese parsley So all we need is crab meat and mitsuba.
Yesterday I made rice with green peas for dinner thinking it was reminiscent of autumn,
but then my brother said it was like a school meal.
That's why I've decided to make crab porridge for dinner tonight.
It's because I've never eaten it for a school meal.
Dad would probably enjoy it.
Brother would probably... not be surprised.
I'm just trying to become closer to my brother, who's sometimes arrogant and mean.
I'm finally starting to realize that my brother does have his good points.
However, he's still unfriendly and grumpy sometimes.
Kohinata-san.
Miyauchi-kun.
I'll take those for you.
Thank you
All the executive committee does is odd jobs.
Yeah.
Doesn't it suck?
No, not really.
Miyauchi-kun's class is doing a haunted house, right? I heard from Tamaki-chan.
Yeah.
Sounds like fun.
Our class is just doing a plain exhibition.
It's normal.
Did you ask anyone to come, Miyauchi-kun? Like a friend?
No.
Oh...
I was thinking of asking my brother...
But it's hard to figure out his days off, so he might not be free on the Culture Festival Day.
So the rumor about you having a brother complex is true.
Eh? I don't! I don't have a brother complex!
Who did you hear that from?
No one.
Don't give me that!
I overheard Tamaki talking with her friends.
Well, Tamaki-chan and Futaba-chan like to make fun of me,
but is going to the movies or shopping with my brother really such a weird thing to do?
It's true that I like my brother, but...
Just leave the rumors alone.
I'm saying not to worry about them.
So as for me, nothing has changed.
And as time passed, the feelings of guilt thinned out.
Again I...
Not that I'm taking the offensive,
but recently I sometimes think...
Is it that weird to think about my sister while masturbating?
Younger sister, younger sister, younger sister...
A get to know your elders party With a guy that's like your brother, with a girl that's like your sister Proposal book
How can I say this? You never grow up, do you?
Not at all.
My admiration for the existence of a younger sister is my life long theme.
Right, Koshiro-san?
Don't try to get my consent.
So you say... But you were walking with Nanoka-chan last Sunday, weren't you?
What did you...!?
Oh how nice, a date with your sister.
I'd like to take a cute brother out and walk with him too.
Oh really?
But going out with your brother on a holiday, isn't that kind of sad?
I wonder if she doesn't have a boyfriend?
A childish kid like her wouldn't be able to get a guy.
Maybe you're the only one who thinks so.
A guy huh?
Big brother...
Now's probably the only time that she'd be attached to her brother like that...
Oh really?
Yeah. So my big brother's last name is Saeki, but mine is Kohinata.
Isn't it weird? That we have different last names even though we're siblings?
How about you, Miyauchi-kun?
I have an older sister.
An older sister? How nice.
How much older is she?
Two years older.
She's in high school?
It's nice that your ages are so close.
My brother and I are 12 years apart...
And my brother always has this grumpy look and...
Brother!
This is my brother.
Hi, I'm Miyauchi of class 4, first year.
He walked me home because we had to stay late for the Culture Festival preparations.
Then I'll go now.
Okay, thank you.
It's rude if you don't greet him properly too, Brother...
Ouch!
It hurts, Brother! It hurts!
Hey! Brother! What's your problem?
What do you mean Culture Festival preparations?
It's ten years too early for you to be going out with a guy!
Until you reach an age when you can take responsibility for yourself,
I won't allow such things!
Why are you misunderstanding?
Miyauchi-kun just walked me home out of kindness!
Kindness? Are you an idiot!
You don't know what kind of ulterior motives he has!
Use your brain a little more!
You're the only one that has such a dirty mind!
Fool! You're not cautious enough!
That's not true!
Yes it is!
Why would you know that kind of thing?
Because you're cute!
No... This isnt what I personally think.
It's what people think objectively.
As your brother, it's only natural to be worried about you, my younger sister.
This is more of my dad's opinion than mine. It's what's called a family consensus...
Hey, what's wrong?
You'll disturb the neighbors if you're being so noisy in front of the house.
Hey, Na... Nanoka?
Wh...wh...wh...what happened?
I dont know!
I was surprised...
God... What's up with him?
You should try to get along as siblings.
Shut up! I didn't become a brother because I wanted to!
Koshiro!
Nanoka has already left.
I see.
Here.
I guess it was a bit insinuating...
But it's fine.
My brother was really mean yesterday.
Cute ... he said.
How weird.
No way! A pervert?
Oh god, no! No! No! It was so gross!
Man that sucks! Didn't your brother protect you?
It's not like I'm always with him!
First guilt, now jealousy?
I'm home.
Dinner is ready.
Okay.
Isn't brother late?
Really?
I guess not really.
He's usually home around now.
That's right, I'm angry at him.
He always says things so arrogantly.
Because you're cute!
I was just surprised...
I didn't think I'd hear those words from my brother.
That's all.
Good night.
Should I make up with him tomorrow?
What? He left before me?
Ouch...
Good morning.
Why? Stingy! Meanie!
He could have waited for me a little bit.
Kohinata-san.
Miyauchi-kun.
The tickets for my class are ready.
Okay, thanks.
Come with your brother or something.
I'm never inviting my brother!
With that project plan the next event will definitely succeed!
Yeah.
We have the data you gathered for us, too.
With that, the chief will agree to it.
Yeah...
What a spoilsport!
Yeah...
I'll go with you today.
It's fine, I'll go ahead.
You know what?
Don't avoid me forever, just because you're brooding over something stupid.
Aren't you the one who's avoiding me?
You were late yesterday, too.
Not that I really care about that.
What?
You're always so bossy, just because you're a bit older than me.
Saying things like you're pressing me from above.
I don't like you at all!
It's fine that you don't like me.
I think I said too much the other day.
I'm sorry.
But, I won't tell you not to go out with guys.
Just don't come home too late or lie about things.
I never lied!
I know. Not that.
I'm talking about from now on.
I'm saying don't worry me too much.
Does brother really worry about me that much?
Damn, we missed the train because of you.
It's because of your lecture.
If anything happens to you the responsibility of the guardian is going to be questioned.
Don't treat me like a kid.
You are a kid.
That's not true!
Excuse me.
Sorry.
The doors are closing. please be careful.
I hope you stay a child...
Just as you are right now...
yasashii yume ga a gentle dream
sotto mune no haru wo yobi calls the spring in my heart
yasashii kaze ni nari and becomes a gentle breeze
kimi ni furete satteyuku that touches you then leaves
chiisana potto ni wa in the small pot
daisukina kimochi are feelings of love
yurayura to swaying softly
ii kaori nosete that carry a sweet scent
itsumo matteita always waiting...
kono toki wo atatamete warming up this moment...
futari dakara wakaru koto things we understand because it's the two of us
kotoba janakute are not just words
hohoemu dake negaudake we just smile, we just hope
shizukana sora e to the quiet sky
ashita mo mata aeru yo ne we'll see each other again tomorrow...
shizukana sora de at the quiet sky
I'm very sorry.
Usually she had a big boyfriend, so I couldn't get my hands on her, but...
I touched her once to try to comfort her!
Go to hell!
