hajimete no kimochi my first feelings
shonbori no mune ni upon my downhearted chest
sotto nagerareta hidamarine a sunny ray of light was gently thrown
hitori aruiteta walking alone...
sora miageta toki when I looked up at the sky,
haru ga soko ni kiteta spring was near,
misetekureta it showed me
kowareru omoiwa these trembling feelings are
maichiru hanabirane fluttering petals,
sukininatte iino is it okay for me to fall in love?
soretomo or will...
tamerau kokoro ga my hesitating heart
bureiki kakerukedo put on my brakes,
kurushikute it's so painful
ikiga tomarisou desu I can't breathe
First Storm
Why?
Why did my face get so hot?
Why did my heart beat so fast?
My face is hot.
How weird...
I'm so pissed!
The boys in class 4 are slacking on the culture festival preparations
and ranking the first year girls in beauty!
They should look in the mirror, before talking.
Sounds like fun!
We should do a boys ranking too, Nanoka.
Na-no-ka!
Why are you so out of it?
Who's your top choice of the boys?
I don't really know the boys in the other classes.
How about Miyauchi?
I heard you went home with him the other day!
When did you get so close to him?
Yeah, when?
That's not it!
That day, we had to stay late to finish up some executive committee work!
The way you desperately defend yourself makes it even more suspicious.
That's not it!
Sorry. It must be embarrassing for you.
Everyone... everyone's just kidding around.
Its fine. I don't really mind.
Hey... would you read this later?
This?
It's something like a love letter.
But... I just spoke to you for the first time the other day... It's so sudden...
It's not from me.
It's from this guy named Asano in my class.
Oh... It is... I see...
but it doesn't mean I dislike you, Miyauchi-kun.
How should I put this... umm...
Then, please take care of it.
Well he doesn't look like a bad guy.
I think he's nice, though he has a pretty plain face.
Hey, Nanoka, come here too!
Hey, let's stop spying on him.
So you say, but it actually bothers you, right?
Why don't you go talk to him?
He's probably just playing around with me.
I'm sure that's not true.
Umm...
Why did you run away? It was your chance to talk to him!
Yeah.
But there's always tomorrow.
You're going to look around the festival with him, right?
But...
Try going out with him for a day, and see if you want to go out with him for real after that.
But... but what... do you do when you'go out' with someone?
Well, there's a whole bunch of things!
Like walk home together, visit each others houses or walk through a park...
A park?
Maybe if you get a boyfriend you'll be able to grow out of your brother complex.
I don't have a brother complex!
What's wrong?
Umm... About tomorrow's culture festival...
I don't mind if you come too, brother...
Sorry, I have to work.
What is it?
You don't look happy.
That's not true.
Brother, you won't get mad?
He doesn't seem like a bad person, but the letter seems so easygoing...
I was thinking that maybe he's just making fun of me.
I shouldn't go out with a boy I've never even talked to before, right?
I don't really know this boy very well...
So he's saying you should try hanging out with him.
Futaba-chan said the same thing.
Don't show me letters like this.
It may look like he's just being casual but he might be pretty serious.
Should you show such important letters so casually to a third person?
I just wanted to talk to someone about it
because I don't know what to do!
So, if he doesn't seem like a bad guy, try going out with him once.
So, if he doesn't seem like a bad guy, try going out with him once.
And if you think you guys would click, go out with him.
Maybe it'll go well.
Is it okay?
Don't ask me such things...
But... you got really mad the other time when Miyauchi-kun just walked me home.
I'm sorry about that. I won't treat you like a kid anymore.
Do as you like.
I see. I guess you're right.
It's my own problem. I can decide on my own.
Thanks for listening to me.
That's right.
Besides... my brother... has nothing to do with it.
Umm... I can't really think about going out with anyone right now...
I was just thinking that it'd be cool if we could hang out together, today.
But...
Is there someone else you like?
No... it's not like that!
Don't worry about it. I don't really mind.
I'm actually kind of busy with my class haunted house.
I have to go back now!
Looks like I've troubled you, sorry!
I'm the one that has to apologize...
Do as you like.
Huh?
Weird...
That's weird...
A photo of my brother?
You don't have one?
He ended up not coming to the culture festival, so...
I want to see what kind of prince this brother you're always talking about looks like.
No. He isn't very good looking.
His beard is all bushy and he kind of smells like an old man.
He smells bad? What does he smell like? A weird smell?
Can you put this in the wash?
Eh? Does it smell that bad?
It doesn't really stink, but...
The scores are 3 runs apart.
Bottom of the 9th with 2 outs.
Runners on 1st and 3rd base.
The batter is Yoshimura.
Today, he's 2 for 4.
If he hits a home run, the score will be tied but-
It's hit hard, down the first base line and... it's foul.
It had the distance, but it sliced right.
The closer, Ueda, is warming up in the bullpen...
but the manager, Oomori, shows no move.
2nd pitch, he hits it!
He hits a line drive straight into right field!
The runner on 3rd comes home.
Runner on 1st rounds 3rd and heads for home.
Brother...
Will you help me with my homework?
No. It's too troublesome.
Why?
I forgot what I studied in high school.
Stop staring at me!
I wasn't staring.
You're making me lose my concentration.
All you have to do for that one is put it in the equation.
Oh... I knew that!
That's so not cute.
Then how about this one?
Look over it carefully.
At what?
You messed up on the first calculation for this one.
No way... The homework was due today?
Nanoka!
You're so hopeless.
I won't make it on time! The teacher's going to come!
If Futaba-chan and the others saw my brother... what would they say?
I wonder if my brother is handsome or not?
Later.
That's early!
Is your sister making a home made dinner for you?
Yeah.
He's now unperturbed even when I bring up his younger sister.
My brother always looks disgruntled, and I don't really know what goes on in his mind.
He's mean and grumpy,
and yet sometimes he's nice...
and it surprises me.
Idiot! That's dangerous!
Sorry...
So umm..
How'd it go with that guy who wrote you the letter?
Did you have fun at the culture festival?
If you have something on your mind, feel free to talk to me.
Oh... that...
Like, if you don't know how to go out with him or...
if you're having a hard time with things like that.
I turned him down.
Oh... you did?
Yeah.
What? Did you worry about me?
Not really.
You were concerned about me?
No I said!
Besides, it's 10 years too early for you to be getting a guy.
You said you wouldn't treat me like a kid any more.
What kind of adult would swing a bag around so much?
Were you following me the whole way?
Are you kidding me?
I just saw you on top of that hill and...
How sick! You were looking at me secretly and laughing!
I wasn't laughing.
I think it's fine, something Nanoka would do.
You just called me Nanoka for the first time...
R-Really?
Yeah! You always say hey you so condescendingly!
I'm not really being condescending.
I'm always the one that gets surprised...
It's unfair...
I don't know what you're saying.
I love you brother.
What are you saying!?
I didn't mean it like that!
What do yo mean?
You're weird... blushing like that! So weird!
I know...
I'm going ahead!
What is she saying...?
yasashii yume ga a gentle dream
sotto mune no haru wo yobi calls the spring in my heart
yasashii kaze ni nari and becomes a gentle breeze
kimi ni furete satteyuku that touches you then leaves
chiisana potto ni wa in the small pot
daisukina kimochi are feelings of love
yurayura to swaying softly
ii kaori nosete that carry a sweet scent
itsumo matteita always waiting...
kono toki wo atatamete warming up this moment...
futari dakara wakaru koto things we understand because it's the two of us
kotoba janakute are not just words
hohoemu dake negaudake we just smile, we just hope
shizukana sora e to the quiet sky
ashita mo mata aeru yo ne we'll see each other again tomorrow...
shizukana sora de at the quiet sky
I don't have a brother complex, but consulting my brother about the love letter I got...
Do I really have a brother complex?
Punishment of brother complex!
