hajimete no kimochi my first feelings
shonbori no mune ni upon my downhearted chest
sotto nagerareta hidamarine a sunny ray of light was gently thrown
hitori aruiteta walking alone...
sora miageta toki when I looked up at the sky,
haru ga soko ni kiteta spring was near,
misetekureta it showed me
kowareru omoiwa these trembling feelings are
maichiru hanabirane fluttering petals,
sukininatte iino is it okay for me to fall in love?
soretomo or will...
tamerau kokoro ga my hesitating heart
bureiki kakerukedo put on my brakes,
kurushikute it's so painful
ikiga tomarisou desu I can't breathe
Distant Thunder
Hey Daddy, will there be a panda? A panda?
What? panda?
Well, I'm leaving now.
Unbelievable.
You're still here?
Brother, if you have nothing to do, could you at least clean the bathtub?
Did she notice?
It was only for an instant.
There's no way.
There's no way...
Brother.
soumen = cold white noodles, eaten at summer What should we have for lunch? Is soumen okay?
Dad hasn't come back since he left to get his hair cut.
Let's just go ahead and eat-
You went into my room, didn't you?
Yeah.
Tomorrow's the day to take out the trash, so earlier...
I've told you before, haven't I? Not to go in without my permission.
But... all I did was empty your waste basket. I didn't touch anything else...
That's not the problem!
I'm saying that I'll take care of my own trash!
You wouldn't like it if I went into your room right?
I'm sorry.
You're right.
Idiot. You're just too inconsiderate.
You don't have to put it like that...
I was just trying to be nice.
It's unnecessary.
Don't ever make me repeat myself again.
What was that?
Insinuation?
No. No way...
It was just for an instant.
There's no way she could have noticed.
But...
That's suspicious.
Really?
Definitely suspicious. Why would he get so angry for just going into his room?
Maybe there was something he really didn't want you to see.
Ah, I know!
What? What?
A present.
He makes himself seem like a major jerk,
and tomorrow he'll suddenly transform into the nice big brother.
Ah! That kind of a plan!
Nanoka, it's your birthday tomorrow right?
No way! No way! That's definitely not it!
Maybe Nanoka's big brother is pretty simple minded.
That's not a bamboo tree anymore...
Tanabata = festival of the Weaver, celebrated on July 7th It is the Tanabata Rendezvous Party.
The mood is very important to young women!
Young women?
candidate member : female member age 15 marriable age
Wha... What are you...!
The guy over there, decorating the bamboos with tanzaku without complaining...
it looks really ominous.
I want a sister - Odagiri
Wha... What are you doing?
Even if you have a younger sister, it's not a good thing.
A guy who fights over the TV channels with his cute younger sister wouldn't understand my feelings!
Man its steaming out here.
Going outside is the worst.
Do you want to go for a drink?
Sure! I was just about to ask you.
Is it all right not to call home?
After Nanoka-chan came, you've been calling home every time you're going to be late, right?
No I haven't.
There's no use hiding it.
Why don't you wipe your mouth?!
I don't care about her.
She's the one who just suddenly came into my life.
I don't give a damn about her.
I really don't give a damn about a girl like her...
Brother?
Don't come near me!
It's dangerous with the broken pieces.
That's my bowl.
It was my favorite bowl! What are you going to do?
I won't be able to eat my rice tomorrow.
Umm... brother...
Do you know what day it is tomorrow?
I have to go out early tomorrow too, so I won't need a lunch.
Just say it.
That I'm sorry I sniffed it.
I'm sorry for feeling a sexual desire.
No.
What good would saying that do?
She might still have the same piece of underwear on from that time, without knowing anything.
From that time...
What? Koshiro left rather early today again.
Does he know that it's your birthday today?
It's fine...
that brother isn't here.
Brother is suddenly gone
father understood it
As long as father is here I am happy
Our shelter is a small and creative one... This place is...
Ah I know!
What? What?
A present.
He makes himself seem like a major jerk
and tomorrow hell suddenly transform into the nice big brother.
Ah! That kind of a plan!
Nanoka its your birthday tomorrow right?
Your father called.
Nanoka chan left without taking an umbrella, so he asked you to wait for her at the station.
Why me?
He can't leave because he's preparing her birthday party.
Birthday party?
This is why you...
Umm...
Brother...
Do you know what day it is tomorrow?
Why don't you go for her? I don't mind if you leave early-
I just don't get it.
This is my chance...
to use her birthday to fix everything.
I can say Congratulations! or I'm sorry I forgot about it! and
bring up all these plans and make her happy!
She's a birthday idiot, so if I give her some flowers or something she'll probably cry and thank me.
This way I can get rid of my guilt!
I can probably...
I can...
I'm sorry...
No... No! Damn!
There's nothing I can do! I'm the worst!
God I'm the worst!
No, no, no, that's not it!
I'm sorry I forgot about your birthday... And I wanted to say sorry!
There's no deeper meaning in this...
It's okay.
It's okay.
Did you come to get me?
No this isn't for that...
Is that for me?
No, this isn't... It's for the Buddha idiot!
I'm glad.
I thought you were really mad at me because I saw you naked in the bathroom.
Why would I get mad?
It's normal to be just in my underwear the whole day with this weather.
Eh? It is?
Yeah.
Oh, it is...
I'm sorry.
Yeah! You were really scary last night!
For your birthday present,
I'll buy you whatever you want.
Really?
Then...
I was supposed to be able to do it...
To get rid... of my guilt...
Why?
yasashii yume ga a gentle dream
sotto mune no haru wo yobi calls the spring in my heart
yasashii kaze ni nari and becomes a gentle breeze
kimi ni furete satteyuku that touches you then leaves
chiisana potto ni wa in the small pot
daisukina kimochi are feelings of love
yurayura to swaying softly
ii kaori nosete that carry a sweet scent
itsumo matteita always waiting...
kono toki wo atatamete warming up this moment...
futari dakara wakaru koto things we understand because it's the two of us
kotoba janakute are not just words
hohoemu dake negaudake we just smile, we just hope
shizukana sora e to the quiet sky
ashita mo mata aeru yo ne we'll see each other again tomorrow...
shizukana sora de at the quiet sky
I'll say it however many times as necessary.
I innocently really want a teenage younger sister.
Is that a crime? Is it wrong?
Then as we're fighting over the TV channels, our love will sprout...
Whipping punishment!
