My lady!
So what is the real reason the suspect threw the corpse into this swamp?
It was so the suspect, Tanio Aoi,
could have the police find something that she was looking for.
She had previously tossed something away in this swamp,
and after murdering Yoshihara Hiroo,
she figured she should retrieve it.
But it was quite impossible for her to find
what she had thrown into this swamp all on her own.
That's why she decided to get the police to help.
If she told them she had dumped the murder weapon here,
there's a good chance the police would've searched the swamp.
Then what about the thing she whispered?
It wasn't a dead body she wanted them to find.
It was something she had tossed into the swamp before.
Though she tossed it in quite a while ago,
so there was no guarantee that it'd be found.
That's why she couldn't stop herself from whispering a prayer.
I really hope they find you.
That was the whisper that you heard.
Then she didn't need to go through the trouble
of bringing the corpse here.
She could have just said the murder weapon was here.
But that brings up some inconsistencies.
To carry out her plan, Tanio Aoi needed the police
to find out about the incident,
believe that she was the culprit and arrest her,
and hear her confess that she threw the murder weapon into the swamp.
So first, how would she get the police to find out about the incident?
They'd have to find the body.
Precisely, Kuro-san!
And how would she go about doing that?
Well...
Should she confess immediately? Of course not.
The fact that she threw the weapon into the swamp
would mean she was trying to conceal the crime.
And a suspect like that wouldn't admit to their crimes.
Exactly.
Many hikers come through here,
so the body would've been discovered quickly.
And she mentioned during her interrogation
that she wanted the giant serpent to eat the body.
That should cause the police to question her sanity and work even harder
on the investigation to discover the truth.
So what is that woman trying to get them to find?
What do you believe she threw into the swamp long ago?
I'm sure it was something that had to do with
her former boyfriend, Machii Yoshikazu-san.
I'm sure she must have resented him after the incident five years ago.
But this was all set up by Yoshihara Hiroo.
She found out her boyfriend was innocent.
It can be presumed that
Tanio Aoi very much regretted the fact that she doubted him.
I see. It makes sense that she would want to get rid of any reminders
of the man who betrayed her.
But now, she was trying to retrieve it.
Isn't this all rather dramatic just to reclaim a single item she had lost?
Absolutely.
After the incident with her boyfriend,
she had returned home from living alone in the city.
She probably got rid of most items related to her boyfriend during her move.
Even if she had kept a couple of pictures and presents,
she could have just thrown them in the trash or burned them.
Then what are you saying that she threw into the swamp?
Well...
Perhaps it was a baby she had with her boyfriend.
Shortly after her boyfriend's death and subsequently moving back home,
Aoi realized that she was pregnant with his child.
Because she didn't know the truth at the time,
she saw it as the child of the man who betrayed her.
Despite the child being blameless,
she likely still wondered what she should do.
But then, one day,
she ended up having a miscarriage at home,
and the corpse of the fetus ended up in her hands.
I'm sure she was troubled over how to dispose of it.
Unable to tell anyone about it, she dealt with it all alone.
And then, last month, she found out the truth about her boyfriend's death
and regretted her actions even further.
She figured she should probably
try to find the fetus and give it a proper burial.
That's why she thought up the plan to have the police search the swamp.
So you're saying that that woman's dead infant would eventually be found?
I doubt that it will.
You just said yourself
that you regularly have this swamp cleaned.
It's most likely that her baby sank into the swamp about four years ago.
So the mountain ayakashi probably pulled it out long ago.
Tanio Aoi tossed a tiny corpse into the swamp.
I'm sure she came up these mountains alone one night so she wouldn't be found.
That's what made her think to dispose of the man's body at night the same way.
By throwing that corpse into the swamp,
she wanted to retrieve the precious little corpse she had lost.
This explanation doesn't contradict anything you said
and seems the most plausible.
Humans truly think up and commit such horrendous acts.
Indeed, they do.
I'd say you're also slightly terrifying, my lady,
but there's something even more...
Oh, how simply frightful!
Beware of mountain fires
Was that deduction really true?
A dead baby? Really?
What I do know is that everything Tanio Aoi told the police was not a lie,
and apparently, she really did want the Guardian to eat the corpse.
Before meeting with the Guardian,
I had a ghost visit Tanio Aoi in her holding cell...
Did the serpent not find the body?
And the ghost heard her say that.
So you knew that and lined up one lie after another.
Indeed, I did.
Even still, my explanation made sense and seemed reasonable.
But there's no guarantee that the suspect would act rationally.
The Guardian had said that if she wanted them to eat the corpse,
she would've just said so.
But for her, nothing would start until they found the body,
which is why she whispered that.
I believe that's quite possible.
This may be going too far, but there is also the possibility that the Guardian
misheard what she whispered.
That would completely destroy the original premise.
And a great yokai who's renowned as the Guardian
would never admit to mishearing someone.
Correct. That's why I used some of my wisdom.
I think I understand your true powers now.
But still, you should be more cautious about the danger you put yourself in.
And I wouldn't have to worry about that if you would just stay by my side...
You never mentioned helping you
exterminate yokai as a condition for going out with you.
So you admit that we're dating, then.
I did not.
The Rumors of the Steel Lady
Two years later
So, yeah. The new girl at work is super cute.
Also, they were pretty huge.
What? What am I talking about?
Her boobs...
are huge...
Hey, Yumihara.
Yes?
The other day, when I invited you out for yakiniku,
you declined, saying that eating beef
reminds you of an ex-boyfriend you had a nasty falling-out with
and makes you feel sick.
So why are you eating the kalbi lunch right now?
I realized I shouldn't let the past hold me back,
so I'm doing everything I can to get over it.
I see...
Well, when you get over it, let me know.
I'll invite you out for yakiniku again.
By the way, you handled
the report for the accident by Makuragawa River three days ago, right?
Yes.
The report says the young man
thought he saw a puppy jump out in front of him,
so he panicked drove through the guardrail into the river.
But I heard he had a different story at first.
That statement was taken when he had just been pulled
out of the river in a hysterical state.
Once he calmed down, he confirmed that was not actually the case.
So it's true that this college student initially said...
that a girl wielding a steel beam about two meters long,
who was wearing a flashy, frilly red and black dress
and a huge bow in her hair, but who somehow had no face,
suddenly appeared in front of his car, so he panicked and swerved off the road.
He did say that?
Yes.
Then why did you use the statement regarding the puppy?
Because it doesn't matter if it was a puppy or a ghost that popped out.
They're pretty different...
Terada-san...
Are you looking for Steel Lady Nanase?
Steel Lady Nanase?
You've never heard of her?
Then have you heard of Nanase Karin?
Oh, isn't she...
the idol who died at the beginning of this year?
I remember hearing the media was abuzz over her due to some unsavory rumors.
Yup.
And to get away from the media,
she holed up in a hotel here in Makurazaka City,
but then she died when a steel beam from a nearby construction site fell on her.
Warning
I heard she had a huge rack.
But there are rumors swirling about her again.
What? Like it was suicide after all?
No...
It seems...
she appears every night in Makurazaka City.
She's even wearing her outfit from when she was an idol,
and wielding the steel beam that crushed her...
The faceless ghost of Nanase Karin.
And what do you think about all that?
I decided it wasn't the best idea to leave any stories about a ghost in writing.
That's not the point I'm talking about.
I want to know how you feel about this.
Do you really think a ghost or monster
named Steel Lady Nanase is really out there?
The college student's terrified face,
the tire tracks and the guardrail that was busted through,
and...
that eerie feeling I felt lingering in the air there... they were all real.
I do believe that the college student really saw something
that shouldn't have been there.
Police boxes around the city have had people claiming that they saw
or were nearly attacked by someone resembling Steel Lady Nanase.
They're actually reporting it at police boxes?
The police there are shrugging it off by saying they were all just seeing things,
but ever since the middle of last month,
cases involving random attacks
and assault attempts have been on the rise throughout the city.
Terada-san.
Do you honestly believe that Steel Lady Nanase
actually exists and is attacking people?
Hey, come on, now. Don't make me sound crazy.
Of course I don't believe in ghosts.
I'm sure this is the work of the living.
If someone is truly appearing in various locations dressed like that,
it seems like a lot of trouble for a mere prankster or kidnapper to go through.
That's the part that bugs me, too.
If it's necessary at all to go through all that trouble,
there must be a significant reason or objective behind this.
Something that's not just a prank, but an actual crime.
These reports started happening within the city over the past two weeks.
Do not use these relationship sites!
It could even be this man!!
We're waiting for your help to protect this city Looking for police officers
Let's all protect this city together
We started seeing more information on the Internet around then, too.
An accident occurred in which a college student crashed into the guardrail and plunged into the river.
They've had from when the rumors started spreading until two weeks ago to prepare.
And more recently, they finally started making their move.
It looks bad for a police officer to take rumors like this seriously.
But there's definitely something.
Right now, the suburbs are a hotbed for organized crime.
Meaning someone should definitely keep an eye out.
Terada-san believes the emergence of Steel Lady Nanase
is foreshadowing a much bigger crime.
But...
Steel Lady Nanase is definitely real.
She's a real ghost that has nothing to do with some other crime or plot.
No matter what may happen in the future,
the police won't be able to deal with her.
It'd be great if you'd be willing to help out.
Terada-san.
Please just remember this.
There is a possibility that yokai and ghosts actually exist in this world.
Really, Yumihara? You believe in stuff like that?
I haven't seen any ghosts,
but I have seen yokai before.
What are you talking about?
If you don't believe it's possible that there are beings
that surpass all logic and reasoning in this world,
you're going to be blindsided one day.
Right...
I'm sure there's no point in saying any of this.
Because I didn't believe that was the case,
I ended up having to break up with my ex.
Oh, uh... So was your ex a yokai or a ghost?
Excuse me.
Hey, Yumihara!
I guess you really do feel sick after eating meat.
Want me to bring you some water?
No, I'm fine, thank you.
As I was saying, Terada-san,
there are beings that surpass our logic and reasoning.
Please, just be careful.
All right, I got it.
At least, I get the fact that you were in a complicated relationship.
Um... It just ended up complicated.
Well, see you later. I'm counting on you.
Kuro-kun!
Humans are so terrifying...
You will consume anything and are willing to mix with anything.
They create monsters like you...
How terrifying!
That monster happened to be my fiance,
and there'd come a day when I'd seriously have to consider how I could stay with him.
Kuro-kun?
Saki-san.
How could I ever have imagined it?
Ever since that day,
the world that I once believed in became warped,
and the more I lived my life in fear,
the more I sensed the presence of those creatures.
I wonder how long this life of gloom and doom is going to continue.
Even this hill that I climb every day makes me worry.
Whoa... Whoa, whoa, whoa!
A girl?
Are you all right?
Yes.
This is nothing compared to being deflowered.
Why in the world would you bring up such a graphic example at a time like this?!
Well, I mean...
It was the most painful experience of my life. Can you blame me?
Upsy-daisy.
Kids these days sure come up with some bizarre jokes.
Is she actually a child? Wait, just how old is she?
I'm not sure who you are, but thank you very much.
She's rather petite and cute.
But...
What's this strange presence I sense from her?
I realize that you were kind enough to save me,
but please take my advice and run away.
From what?
Steel Lady... Nanase!
Please, run away.
Your eyes aren't playing tricks on you.
She's exactly what she seems to be.
A creature that's often referred to as a spirit, monster, or yokai.
I know... That presence is real.
Those giant boobs are real, too.
Is that really relevant right now?!
Enough.
I'm done with this.
I ran away from the kappa, ran away from Kuro-kun...
And I'm living a life of depression because of it.
I'm sick of letting these things rule my life!
All this absurdity...
I'm going to be done with it tonight!
This is...
illogical.
This is why I told you to run away!
Whoa, whoa...
She fled...
I won't be able to defeat that thing with brute force, though.
I don't know what's going on.
She just kicked a ghost.
Who in the world is she?
Wait, is she not human, either?
Have no fear. It's a prosthetic.
It's built to come off if it gets overburdened.
Because if it doesn't come off, I could harm myself even more.
Why were you able to touch that thing when I wasn't?
Are you like a yokai, as well?
Oh... No.
I'm somewhere in between...
I don't know who you are, and I see that you're a brave soul,
but please forget everything you saw today.
I'll take care of Steel Lady Nanase in the very near future.
That's the reason I'm here.
I'd rather not get the police involved,
so please don't tell anyone about me, either.
You can tell me more back at the station. It's right at the bottom of this hill.
Unbelievable!
Your leg might be okay, but I'm sure you have bruises and cuts everywhere.
I'll treat them for you.
Don't worry.
Traffic Division
I don't plan to get a statement from you or try to contact your family.
But there are incidents
that the police believe Steel Lady Nanase is responsible for,
so I can't just let this go.
A police officer from the traffic division, Yumihara Saki...
Are you actually Saki-san?!
Um... I'm not sure what you're talking abou
Your hair is shorter, and you may have lost some weight...
That's why I didn't realize it!
Augh! I never would've saved you if I knew you were Saki-san!
I mean, I wouldn't just let you die, but...
Explain this in a way I can understand.
Do you know me?
I don't recall us ever meeting before.
We have met before, but this is the first time we've properly greeted each other.
My name is Iwanaga Kotoko.
I'm Sakuragawa Kuro-senpai's current girlfriend!
Meep!
To Be Continued
Preview
Steel Lady Nanase strikes with violence.
Her original form, the idol Nanase Karin, died a mysterious death.
To defeat Steel Lady Nanase,
we'll have to find out the truth behind Nanase Karin's death.
Next time, Idol Dies by Steel Beam.
