Talk about a lack of personality...
How old are you?
Nineteen.
I currently attend the same university that you and Kuro-san attended.
I met you once at the university hospital.
At the hospital?
I guess I can't blame you for not remembering.
It was more than four years ago.
What you said earlier was a lie, wasn't it?
That you're Kuro-kun's girlfriend.
I mean, you're not Kuro-kun's type.
Since he was dumped so cruelly by someone who was his type,
I think it's quite possible for him to seek the complete opposite.
Ow!
Ow, ow, ow, ow...
I heard that Kuro-kun's cousin who was in the hospital passed away,
so maybe he talked to her in desperation and now he just can't get rid of her...
Fine! Behold how happy we look as a couple in this photo!
Kuro-kun clearly isn't happy in this picture...
He's not having fun.
Senpai's just so shy!
That lie won't work on someone who dated him for more than five years.
So... How is Kuro-kun, anyway?
He's still going to the university.
Since he's not getting married to you,
On/Off
Power On/Off
High
he doesn't need to rush to get a job anymore.
He was always thinking about going to graduate school.
Our plans for marriage included that prospect.
And yet you didn't get married.
You did run away from Kuro-senpai, after all.
What was I supposed to do?
The possibility of him not being human never crossed my mind.
Sorry... I said too much.
Well, you're not wrong.
Kuro-senpai seems human, but likely can't be categorized as such.
I'm in a similar situation myself.
So we're the perfect match, don't you think?
Similar?
What are you, exactly?
Yokai, ayakashi, spectres...
I am their Goddess of Wisdom.
Just think of me as a priestess who mediates their conflicts and solves their problems.
I don't think a priestess can be deflowered...
More importantly, our issue at hand is Steel Lady Nanase.
Have the police already begun their investigation?
One of our detectives noticed something strange going on in the city,
so he's been looking into it.
Any crime or damage reports?
It's only a matter of time until we see them.
That Steel Lady Nanase was far more violent than I'd heard about.
If we leave her be, she might commit a murder soon.
Indeed. I'm fearful of that, as well.
We need to deal with her immediately.
Whether it's a yokai or an urban legend,
has there ever been an incident significant enough to warrant police action?
I have a hard time believing something so uncertain, vague,
and unseen would actually cause an incident.
But Steel Lady Nanase is completely different.
That's a great observation.
Proper monsters are rather modest and try not to draw attention to themselves.
But there's nothing proper about her.
That's why the perfectly respectable ghosts and monsters
that have resided here for quite some time
live in fear ever since she appeared and came to ask me for help,
even if it meant traveling hundreds of kilometers.
By the way...
Why isn't Kuro-kun with you?
Since the yokai fear him, he'd probably be useful right now.
Besides, he's not the type of person to let his junior
go yokai hunting on their own.
I'd planned to finish this quickly and head home the same day,
so I didn't see the need to invite him.
But the way you are, you'd invite him like you were going on vacation.
Yes, well... Kuro-senpai contracted a highly infectious disease...
Why did you look away when you said that?
May I have another cup of coffee?
Don't change the subject!
Well, the truth is...
Kuro-senpai disappeared last week, and I haven't been able to get a hold of him.
He hasn't even replied to the voicemails I left him.
This was the last message I received from him.
Kuro-senpai
(no subject)
Something came up. Don't look for me.
No, really... Kuro-kun doesn't like you.
Again, Kuro-senpai just isn't very good at expressing his feelings...
Remember when I said lies like that wouldn't work with me?
I'm the only one fit to be with Senpai! Why is he acting like this?!
When we were dating, he never ignored any of my calls or messages.
Yes, he was always...
right by my side whenever I needed him to be.
You have some nerve bragging when all it took was
a poor little kappa to scare you away!
Wha
I'm only worried about Kuro-kun because you're obviously shady!
There's no reason for a woman who has no ties to him anymore
to be worried about him!
That's right.
This has nothing to do with me anymore.
But the fact that he hasn't contacted you in a week
is definitely weird.
Right. Still, it's not like I don't have any leads...
Besides, he won't actually die even if you kill him.
It's actually likely that
whoever tries to kill him will be in for a big disappointment.
Unless something truly awful happens, he'll probably come back to life.
So she also knows about Kuro-kun's unique condition.
She stays with him, despite knowing that fact. She's doing what I couldn't do.
I guess she really does like Kuro-kun.
I'll do whatever I can to solve the matter regarding Steel Lady Nanase.
But if you happen to run into her again,
make sure you run away this time without any hesitation.
Can you even do anything about that monster in your state?
Isn't your right eye fake?
Ah, so you noticed.
One eye and one leg.
This is why I'm close to the gods, as well as the ayakashi.
This is also the reason that I'll be perfectly fine.
Well, then...
Thank you very much for the coffee.
Oh.
If you'd like, I'll gladly send you a wedding invitation whenever
Kuro-senpai and I get married.
That won't be necessary!
I never imagined I'd run into Saki-san.
That was so unexpected.
But I doubt I'll ever see her again.
What a lovely view. Shall we?
Now, then... I wonder where Steel Lady Nanase will appear next.
Nanase Karin.
The idol whose real name was Nanase Haruko wasn't particularly famous.
She did grow a bit more famous because of how she died,
but most people didn't know about her prior to it.
She debuted in June when she was seventeen.
Those melons will be a hit!
It's a crime for them to go unnoticed!
S-Sir! You can't just blurt that out...
You're blind if you think my chest is all I've got going for me.
She's so vivacious! I like her even more!
She was personally scouted by the president of a talent agency.
She wasn't very popular in the beginning, but a year after her debut...
I landed you a new job!
It's a main role in a late-night drama!
What?
Late-night Serial Drama Fiery Youth!hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The Girl Who Breathes Fire! Treatment
Let's burn up!
Fiery Youth!
The Girl Who Breathes Fire!
This is basically another kind of crime deterrent, warning
The tank on my back just shows what a pure, modest girl I am
I mean, I know I'm going to risk my life, it's a given
You've been waiting for me, right?
Sorry
I sorta pulled the trigger, te-he!
I want to take both the scalding pain and the burning pleasure
And share them with you!
Please, grant me my wish, oil magnate
I want to set your oil field ablaze
Burn it to a crisp, until there's nothing left!
Please tell me it's okay, oh great general
Love can be naked, let's burn it (burn it) all of it (all of it)
Let's burn up with my flamethrower
After that, Nanase Karin got more offers to be on TV and radio,
and she was praised for her quick wit and skilled speech.
She passed the entrance exam to a renowned national university in one try,
and that also made headlines.
If you just looked at her history, you could consider her life a success,
but she never amounted to more than an idol with a cult following.
But her good luck brought misfortune, too,
as some had a grudge against her.
So what was the sequence of events that led to Nanase Karin's death
and brought Steel Lady Nanase into this world?
Steel Lady Nanase Wiki
Someone even made a site like this?
About Steel Lady Nanase
About Nanase Karin
Forum
Relevant Blogs
Links
Other Occult Forums
The Accident That Killed Her Father
Nanase Karin was suspected of killing her father Nanase Karin's father died in June when she tu
The Accident That Killed Her Father
What?
In June of the year she turned nineteen, when her idol career was on the rise,
her father died.
It was ruled an unfortunate accident in which he fell down the steps to his apartment,
and nothing seemed suspicious at the time.
I'll continue to do my best for my late father, too.
But near the end of November that same year,
suspicions suddenly arose about his death.
There were rumors that Nanase Karin resented her father because
he quit work when she got famous,
and that she killed him and made it look like an accident.
There was also a large life insurance policy on him.
Her father had
begun complaining to his friend a month before his death.
She's making a fool of me.
She's always rubbed her intelligence in my face.
A note hinting at his suspicion that his daughter was trying to kill him
I think Haruko is trying to kill me. I'm sure that by the time someone reads this, Haruko will have already killed me. I just know it.
was found five months after his death.
Idol Info Forum
Suspicions that Nanase Karin killed her father, part 2
That story made the rounds online,
se Karin's father had...
647 Name: Anonymous Idol Groupie ID: ojikure56gayj9
Hurry up and disappear! If you aren't gonna disappear, I'll make you disappear.
648 Name: Anonymous Idol Groupie ID: kam33ueib8az9
I read in a magazine that you were bullying idols from other agencies behind their backs, so your personality must be trash.
and soon after, the tabloids and gossip papers picked it up.
Weekly ScoopBoy
Cover Story An Idol Built on Lies The Truth Behind Nanase Karin
A Certain Actress's Adulterous Vacation
Nanase Karin's True Form
How dare they publish this ludicrous article?!
Some other agency must've spread these rumors.
I'll sue them for libel!
Suing them will just exacerbate this whole situation.
We'll have to wait for things to quiet down.
You should get some rest somewhere far away.
I know you'll be able to get through this.
I plan to. You don't need to tell me that.
I'll be back before you know it, so go ahead and find me my next job.
Nanase Karin Official Blog
Photos
Articles
Search Blog
Next Page
I'll be back soon, my dudes
And so, Nanase Karin went on hiatus.
As she wandered from one hotel to another, evading the press,
she found herself in Makurazaka City in late January...
with no idea that she'd die a few days later near her hotel.
Idol Dies by Steel Beam
Terada-san.
Do you think it's completely unfathomable
that Steel Lady Nanase is actually a ghost?
That again?
Looking at her history, I thought
it was highly probable for her to reappear as a ghost.
Suspicions that she killed her father were never cleared up,
and of course, the ones who spread the rumors refused to take responsibility.
I'm sure Nanase Karin was doing what she could to get her name out there,
so I can see how she'd come back as a vengeful spirit
just so she could attack society as a whole.
I can believe that much.
Right. I realize the existence of ghosts seems unbelievable.
I don't deny the existence of ghosts.
I believe in spirits enough that I visit my relatives' graves every year.
But Steel Lady Nanase's different.
She's... Yeah...
She seems artificial.
People saying she's wearing a mini-skirt dress
or that she's missing part of her face or swinging around a steel beam...
That all just sounds like stuff
the society that drove Nanase Karin to death would be ecstatic to hear about.
There's something off about a girl dressed like that
if she came back as a vengeful spirit to get back at society.
That means there must be something else hidden
in the shadows behind this, other than Nanase Karin's will.
Oh, he's right.
If Steel Lady Nanase is supposed to be a vengeful spirit,
logically, she probably wouldn't be pandering to the masses.
Steel Lady Nanase is a real vengeful spirit,
but at this point, it's near impossible to convince Terada-san of that.
But also,
we have to consider the possibility that Nanase Karin's accidental death
may have actually been a murder,
and that's what caused the Steel Lady Nanase incidents.
Right, of course.
Here are the investigation papers.
If you'd look through them for me
and just explain the important parts to me later, that'd be great.
Yes, sir.
Internet
30 minutes
100 yen
What to do...
Usually, I'd be able to talk to ghosts,
and even if they didn't have a face, I could still communicate with them.
It's obvious that those who are powerful enough to kill people
would have a certain amount of intelligence.
But that's not the case with Steel Lady Nanase.
She's supposed to be a ghost,
but I sensed no will or ability to think in her,
and she didn't respond to my voice.
A deep-seated grudge, vindictive feelings, evil thoughts...
Those should power her existence, but I don't sense them, either.
It's as though she's an empty puppet...
Her very existence is enough to terrify the monsters
in Makurazaka City out of ever going near her.
I'd really like more useful information...
Steel Lady Nanase Wiki
About Steel Lady Nanase
About Nanase Karin
Forum
Relevant Blogs
This illustration looks exactly like the Steel Lady Nanase I saw yesterday.
With lots of eyewitness accounts
and knowing what the living Nanase Karin looked like,
I'm sure something similar could be drawn,
but is it really possible to draw something this accurate?
This illustration looks like
it was done by someone who saw Steel Lady Nanase personally.
No... It's actually the exact opposite.
If that's the case, it's going to be difficult to defeat her.
First and foremost, I need more information.
All the information online is a mess.
I want accurate references regarding Nanase Karin's death from a reliable source.
That would mean the police.
I really don't want to ask Saki-san for a favor.
Nanase Karin's body was found on Saturday, January 30th.
The location was a future condominium construction site that was near her hotel.
The first person to find her
was an old man who lived between the hotel and the construction site.
On the night before I discovered the body,
I thought I heard something like a steel beam falling.
It was raining really hard that day,
so I thought that might've caused something to fall apart.
I went to check the next morning.
And as I figured, some steel beams had fallen over.
The steel beam that had killed her was about three to five meters long,
and the body's face and head were shattered.
Her face was unrecognizable, and her teeth couldn't help, either.
Everything from the neck up was smashed.
They found her cellphone, wallet, and university ID,
which led them to believe that the body belonged to Nanase Haruko.
Nanase Haruko
Sotobashi University
Student ID
Student Number
Department Law Department
Her fingerprints from her hotel room and her personal belongings matched,
and it was concluded that the body was Nanase Karin's.
The estimated time of death was between midnight and 1:00 AM on the 30th.
That also matches the time the old man heard the noise.
Nanase Hatsumi (Biological older sister)
Estranged
Has an alibi at the time her sister died Admits to her and her sister not getting along, but denies possibility of suicide
Victim Nanase Haruko
Intent to kill?
Heavy machinery
hhhhAt first, his death was considered an unfortunate accident? After his note was found hhhhPossibility arises that Haruko killed him for his insurance money
(Media coverage) -Fell in May Reported as an accident *Until the discovery of his note
Father dies in accident
(Situation on site) Prefab
Steel beam Nanase Haruko
The Case of Nanase Haruko's Death
Accident Site
Was Was Was it it it suicide? murder? an accident?
The police continued their investigation with the possibilities
of suicide, murder, or an accident in mind,
but officially ruled it an accident.
Under normal circumstances,
they should've been able to come to a conclusion much faster...
Perhaps it's because this was the bizarre death of an idol,
but they're taking their time and putting a lot of work into this investigation.
Probably because the reputation of the police is on the line.
But there's one part that's bugging me.
Nanase Hatsumi
Nanase Karin's older sister
and the statement she made.
She...
Y-Yokai?
I'm terribly sorry to disturb you so late at night!
I cannot blame you for being surprised!
But I am Tree Spirit Gen'ichiro!
I have come on orders from our lady of one eye and one leg!
One eye and one leg?
It must be her!
Yay!
I beg of you, please do not be violent!
I am nothing more than a frail tree spirit!
Please stop.
There's no reason for a monster to fear me.
Also, please quiet down.
But my lady told me that you had rather violent tendencies,
so I should be careful to mind my manners...
I'm going to punch that brat the next time I see her...
So what does she want with me?
This has to do with the matter of the Steel Lady.
She wanted to humbly request your assistance.
Mine?
If you cannot offer assistance,
then every night from now on,
the tree spirits Gen'jiro, Gen'zaburo, Gen'shiro,
and so on will come asking for your assistance, just as I have tonight.
Exactly how many siblings do you have?
This is basically bullying!
According to my lady,
she wants to know more about the death of the human, Nanase Karin,
so she can figure out how to defeat Steel Lady Nanase.
As for why she wanted to know, she'd like to meet with you and tell you herself.
She's also wondering about how Nanase Karin died?
All right. Where do I need to go?
Thank you for waiting.
Here's your seafood yakisoba.
I wonder if Saki-san will actually show up.
Even if she were to help me out,
I wonder if she'll be able to bring me any files.
Not bad. Not bad at all.
My lady.
Steel Lady Nanase has appeared.
Where did she appear?
The bus stop on 3-chome in Makurazaka.
That's rather close.
Once Saki-san arrives, tell her to either wait here for my return
or go to the location where Steel Lady Nanase appeared later.
Okay.
Saki-san just adores children,
so she'll be thrilled if you let her dote on you.
I'm sure she wouldn't mind if you touched her butt or a boob or two.
Yippee!
I can't wait to see her reaction.
More importantly, we can't let any civilians get attacked.
It's impossible for me to cover the whole city,
but since she appeared close by, I need to do something.
I found her?
Maximum Height
That's not good. She's attacking someone.
Kuro-senpai?!
To Be Continued
Preview
Sakuragawa Kuro is having trouble with Steel Lady Nanase's fierce attacks.
Steel Lady Nanase is no normal spectre.
After Nanase Karin's death,
why did she manifest as a monster and gain incredible powers?
Next time, A Monster of the Imagination.
