I'm going to win.
Name: kuebiko 09/04 22:50 ID Steel Lady Nanase isn't made up. She's a real ghost.
Name: kuebiko Name: kuebiko 09/04 22:50 ID Steel Lady Nanase isn't made up. She's a real ghost.
Hey, wait a sec!
I thought your whole deal was that Steel Lady Nanase was not a ghost.
If we can't crush the unreasonable with reason,
we'll just have to be unreasonable, as well.
We'll use that as our way in and establish reason from within.
If we can convince them of a reason for a ghost to appear,
we will inevitably find the way to make that ghost disappear.
If we take away the reason for it to appear, a ghost will stop appearing.
Now, let's begin
solution number 2!
Steel Lady Nanase isn't made up.
She's a real ghost.
So why did Nanase Karin reappear as a ghost and start attacking people?
What?
Wait, we're doing this again?
The one who killed Detective Terada was Steel Lady Nanase.
The detective who was investigating Steel Lady Nanase on his own
had the misfortune of meeting the real one,
and was bludgeoned to death with a steel beam.
The detective didn't believe in ghosts,
so when he encountered a real one, he was shocked,
and that's when he was smacked.
He probably didn't even have a chance to fight back.
The reason the crime scene looked so incomprehensible
is because it was the work of a ghost.
So what was the reason Nanase Karin appeared as a ghost?
What were the regrets she left behind in this world?
Anonymous
If she died in an unforeseen accident,
that's probably a good reason for her to come back a ghost.
Nanase Karin's death is considered very close to suicide,
even though it was accidental.
That night, Nanase Karin was so overwhelmed with despair
that she accepted the fact that she was about to have
her face crushed by a falling steel beam.
You could say that she chose to die.
So why did she come back as a ghost just to wander this world again?
Why is she using a steel beam as a weapon
after letting one fall on her face?
If she became a ghost to get back at the society that drove her to death,
hasn't she already gotten her revenge?
Ever since the emergence of Steel Lady Nanase,
she's become a star, after all.
So why did she turn violent and go as far as killing someone?
Steel Lady Nanase Wiki
About Steel Lady Nanase
About Nanase Karin
Forum
Relevant Blogs
Links
Other Occult Forums
Her Father's Accidental Death
Nanase Karin was suspected of killing her father
Nanase Karin's father died in June after she turned 19
He fell and hit his head after falling down the stairs of his apartm
The reason she was chased out of the spotlight as an idol
is because she was suspected of killing her own father.
At that point, even if she'd returned,
she'd only instill fear and receive more criticism.
Therefore, the reason Nanase Karin became a ghost
wasn't her hatred toward society.
She appeared because she wanted to tell the world
about a different problem and a different truth.
And because the world just refused to understand her,
no matter how much time passed,
she became violent.
Just think about it.
It's not like she'd been cleared of the suspicion of murder.
If she had truly killed her father,
what would she be trying to tell the world right now?
She's enraged because she didn't kill her father.
That's why she came back as a ghost. To tell everyone the truth.
Complaint
But is that truly everything?
Isn't her rage longing for something else?
This isn't a deduction.
Correct.
For the second solution, I am nothing more than a fiction writer.
The readers here support and believe in ghosts.
I'm going to solve this mystery and ritualistically make our ghost disappear.
Let's return to the beginning.
Why did Nanase Karin, an idol who only had a cult following,
Murder Allegations Surface for a So-So Idol Suspected of Killing Her Own Father?!
The idol with a flamethrower whose popularity exploded with her late-night drama!
face allegations of something as horrible as killing her father?
It was thought that her motive was her father's life insurance. It was rumored that she didn't think very highly of her father, who was unemployed. We were able to get confirmation from a former employee at a talent agency.
Someone had plotted against her and forged these allegations.
Nanase Karin fell into a trap.
That's why she reappeared as a ghost.
Nanase Karin wants to protest against
the one who tricked her and drove her to suicide.
We have to take what we know and find out the truth behind the allegations.
Who was the first one to accuse her of killing her father?
What I'm about to say is a bit risky, but...
It's none other than the one who was killed, Nanase Karin's father.
Her father felt that she was going to kill him
and even left that in writing,
I think Haruko is trying to kill me. I'm sure that by the time someone reads this, Haruko will have already killed me. I just know it.
and that was discovered after his death.
Could there be anything so convenient?
If Nanase Karin truly did push her father down the stairs
to make it seem like an accident,
she probably would've been worried about any handwritten notes or the like
and disposed of them immediately.
And it's hard to believe that she would actually murder him
while he was telling others that he was wary of her.
It was said that Nanase Karin managed to
dodge investigations because she was so smart.
But she made a lot of mistakes if that's the case.
Well, when you lay it all out like that, a lot of it seems unthinkable.
Correct.
Nanase Karin didn't kill her father.
She didn't even feel any malice toward him.
So why did her father feel like she did?
The one who lured Nanase Karin into a trap was her own father.
In order to ruin his daughter's success,
he killed himself in a way that would appear accidental
and made it so someone would find his handwritten thoughts
about his daughter's malice.
You know, this story could actually be true...
One can only imagine what their relationship was like.
There are reports that he quit working
because he wanted part of his daughter's earnings.
She's making a fool of me.
She's always rubbed her intelligence in my face.
She's your daughter.
How can you say such awful things about a nice girl like her? You're crazy.
It's probably true that her father was wary of their relationship.
He survived on his daughter's flashy job.
But he also developed a complex because of it.
He felt like he was suffering, but no one cared.
That's what caused him to resent his daughter.
Haruko
If he couldn't achieve the same amount of success as his daughter,
he would commit suicide and drag her down with him.
That was the purpose of his death.
I think Haruko is trying to kill me. I'm sure that by the time someone reads this, Haruko will have already killed me. I just know it.
It was his last show of pride.
his handwritten note.
And just like her father had planned, Nanase Karin was looked down upon.
Nanase-san,
what did your father really mean in his note?
I don't know anything! Sorry, I'm in a hurry.
Hey, wait!
I mean, the note that your father left behind was pretty clear!
He said that you were going to kill him.
Nanase-san!
That's what drove her into an accident that was near suicide.
That's how Nanase Karin died.
She died, and her soul moved on to the next world.
And then, she reunited with her father, who died before her,
and heard the truth from his own mouth.
She heard the truth from his own mouth?! Oh, come on!
Well, where else was she supposed to find out the truth?
After finding out her own father maliciously tried to ruin her,
she became filled with regret, and her soul could not fully move on.
That's why she came back to this world
and is trying to tell people the truth.
She wanted people to know the tragedy
that she did not kill her father, but it was her father who killed her.
That's why she's a ghost on a rampage.
Nanase Karin turned evil because of her father's betrayal.
She turned into an unsightly monster.
If we pity her,
remember how beautiful she once was, and wish for her soul to move on in peace,
Steel Lady Nanase will probably disappear from our nights.
The ones who can bring her peace are the ones who believe this story.
All of you must be the judges!
Nanase Karin, AKA Nanase Haruko...
Let us lay her soul to rest with our prayers!
Anon
Poor Karin-chan!
Nameless
That changes Steel Lady Nanase's image.
Anonymous
I sorta understand how her dad felt, though.
They're so accepting of this, despite her talking about the afterlife...
Hey, I think she might actually be getting weaker.
I'm pretty sure Rikka-san didn't predict that we would switch over
from such an orthodox solution to the complete opposite so quickly.
I did try to convince people who want to believe in ghosts
that there was indeed a ghost.
That just meant they would support that even more.
I think Kuro-senpai had an easier time choosing that reality, too.
But this still doesn't ensure our victory.
I mean, I can totally see her own father setting a trap for her,
but you know...
Honestly, it just looks like she's wreaking havoc on the world.
She even killed a detective.
Rikka-san has started to regain control of the flow.
If Nanase Karin's ghost appeared more clearly and looked more spiteful,
we might've been able to conclude everything with the second solution.
Regrettably, the name of Steel Lady Nanase is going to
Steel Lady Nanase
be a huge obstacle for us to overcome.
It's hard to believe that a ghost who had valid complaints
or requests would wreak so much havoc.
But Rikka-san wasn't able to completely deny my story.
If we're going to continue choosing a story
that more people across the Internet want and are likely to believe,
Rikka-san will have to accept at least part of my story,
since it's been persuasive.
Besides, everyone looks forward to the minority with a disadvantage
completely turning the tables on the majority with a clear advantage.
Now, on to...
our third solution.
Dueling Fictions
Let's formulate another hypothesis.
Steel Lady Nanase is not a spectre.
She is a fake ghost created by a living human being,
and the one who killed Detective Terada is also human.
Because Steel Lady Nanase is not Nanase Karin,
its appearance and her death don't match up.
Steel Lady Nanase Investigation Headquarters
I'd like to revisit Nanase Karin's death.
There are still some inconsistencies about her death.
Nanase Karin (Haruko)
Dead
There are those who say that didn't sound like a way she'd go.
Accidental Death
An accidental death that seemed like suicide
She definitely felt trapped.
She had lost her hard-earned place in the entertainment business,
and a comeback was proving difficult.
On top of that, she was accused of killing her father.
And if those accusations stemmed from her own father's handwritten notes,
then her whole life had basically been shattered.
The motives for a suicide are all there.
But her own older sister is expressing doubts about her suicide.
Nanase Karin (Haruko)
Dead
Nanase Karin (Haruko)
Dead
Older Sister
Anon
I heard the interview.
She said she didn't think that was enough to actually get to her sister,
and that she wouldn't willfully die such a gruesome death.
When a family member commits suicide,
there are times when the remaining family members can't readily accept it.
If part of the reason for that suicide is another family member,
they tend to shift the blame to someone else so they won't be suspected.
But her sister made statements to the police and others
that just made them suspect her more.
Morgue
Would she have said all that just to shift the blame?
Her sister had doubts from the very beginning.
Did Nanase Karin, AKA Nanase Haruko, truly die?
Couldn't it have been someone else that was crushed by the steel beam?
A double?
A double is a given when you have a corpse without a face.
Of course, they took the proper steps to identify the corpse.
Her clothes, her blood type, her fingerprints,
her physical appearance...
But how trustworthy is any of that?
Clothes can be changed.
It's not like she had ever been fingerprinted by the police prior.
You could always switch out
the personal belongings in her room with someone else's.
Her teeth were smashed to pieces along with her face.
There are plenty of other people who have her blood type.
You can't dismiss the possibility that she'd been switched with someone else.
Which means it's theoretically possible to have a double.
Despite the fact that her face was smashed in,
if the police conclude that a double wasn't possible, it'd be a success.
Nameless
But realistically speaking, switching the bodies out would've been impossible.
Reality doesn't matter.
Older Sister
What's important is that Nanase Karin's older sister
Doubt
actually had suspicions that this corpse could've been someone else.
Nanase Karin (Haruko)
Older Sister
Doubt
Dead
Accidental Death
An accidental death that seemed like suicide
Her younger sister died in a very uncharacteristic way.
Her sassy little sister, who was smart and on the road to becoming a popular idol.
There's no way she'd die like that.
Of course she'd think that way.
Or rather...
The more spite you might've had yourself,
the more likely you are to suspect someone else doing the same.
So who was the one who leaked her father's handwritten note to the media?
The only probable answer is Nanase Karin's older sister.
Was Hatsumi actually fond of her little sister?
Surely, she was always unfairly compared to her glorious little sister.
The sisters probably were not on good terms.
When the allegations came out that Nanase Karin may have killed her father,
Steel Lady Nanase Investigation Headquarters
her sister never made any statements to defend her.
Older Sister
Handwritten note
Dad
Publisher
Doubt
Dead
Accidental Death
An accidental death that seemed like suicide
Nanase Karin (Haruko)
She didn't even try to criticize the media
that had driven her sister to suicide.
Hatsumi sent the media that note to get
a bit of revenge against her sister.
But what resulted from her sending the note probably far exceeded her expectations.
That's why...
There's no way Haruko would die so easily...
Isn't it possible she was killed by someone else?!
Someone else?
This body must be... someone else's...
She wondered if her sister had faked her death so she could get revenge on her.
Realistically, switching out the bodies would've been a difficult feat.
But it's also not impossible.
To Hatsumi, it seemed very likely that her sister would do something like that.
She seemed to Hatsumi to be the type that would try
to get revenge if she found out that someone had put her through all that.
I'm probably going to be killed like that, too...
Haruko would totally do that.
No...
No, no, no!
Haruko is alive!
Those who are presumed dead
are invincible avengers that no one would ever expect.
Hatsumi was in fear.
She was so terrified of the shadow of her younger sister,
who was actually dead, that it started affecting her daily life.
So what she needed was a lie like Steel Lady Nanase.
Huh?
I don't get it.
Let's say there's someone who cares deeply
for Hatsumi and was trying to help her out.
Haruko-chan died. Hatsumi needs to accept that, or she's going to break.
This is the only way to help Hatsumi.
I just have to prove that Haruko-chan's dead!
Me and My Flamethrower
Fiery Youth! The Girl Who Breathes Fire!
I just need to make Nanase Karin's ghost appear!
So then, I said...
He took on Steel Lady Nanase's form and started attacking people at night
What is that?
to fake the existence of this ghost, and tried to spread rumors about it.
Older Sister
Wants to help
Transforms
Steel Lady Nanase
Most people wouldn't exactly feel at ease
if the ghost of a family member appeared,
but in Hatsumi's case, it was for the better.
So who would be the suspect in that case?
Hatsumi's boyfriend?
The chances of that are low.
There's no way she wouldn't have noticed her boyfriend
doing strange things at night.
The suspect had time on their hands and would do anything it took for Hatsumi.
We can assume it was someone who was single and had deviant tendencies.
The suspect created a ghost named Steel Lady Nanase that never existed,
all of the sake of Nanase Karin's older sister,
then killed Detective Terada, whom he randomly encountered.
The suspect felt cornered after going so far as to murder someone for Hatsumi,
and might've wanted to further their relationship, going as far as to harm her.
Steel Lady Nanase isn't a spectre.
We need to find this degenerate quickly
and confirm that everyone involved in this is safe.
Are you all right?
I know how to pace myself.
Your third solution was effective.
<610> Name: kuebiko 09/05 00:03 ID.Mmimn43 Steel Lady Nanase isn't a spectre <611> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:04 ID.lpiekog Then they might've already made contact with the sister <612> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:04 ID.kzyji6 It's almost been a full day since Detective Terada died <613> Name: kuebiko 09/05 00:05 ID.Mmimn43 We need to find this degenerate quickly and confirm that everyone involved in this is safe <614> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:06 ID.kbxuew A guy might've been strong enough to kill the detective
Even if they're just here for laughs, there are a lot of people supporting it.
<615> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:06 ID.laswer1 But considering no one realized he was crossdressing, he'd have to be skinny, too. Would he have been able to kill the detective? <616> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:06 ID.dfh5jyt That might be why the crossdresser caught his eye <617> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:08 ID.bbv71rts I mean, her sister's hot, too, so I can't blame them for falling for her <618> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:08 ID.qrtv54ud Couldn't they have used that energy for something else? <619> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:08 ID.at2iop There are skinny guys who are super strong, so it's totally possible
<620> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:08 ID.y4j67xwqyt So that guy is basically a stalker <621> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:08 ID.hutyui8k It'll take a few days to figure out who this guy is, so I'm worried about the sister <622> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:09 ID.hv7ccw We should get the sister a bodyguard, stat <623> Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:09 ID.kgqeon If it's someone close to them and she just doesn't know, she's in real trouble
If that's the case, Steel Lady Nanase doesn't seem to be getting much weaker.
If he's that serious about her, she probably won't be able to run away
Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:09 ID.uhjllr01 The suspect needs to be arrested immediately
Name: Anonymous 09/05 00:09 ID.6glpoqa There's a huge hole in that last explanation.
Anon
You said that the suspect made up Steel Lady Nanase
in order to calm Hatsumi's heart,
but that doesn't make sense.
Hatsumi was afraid her sister would want revenge.
In order to calm her down, Steel Lady Nanase's persona would have to be milder.
And yet, if Steel Lady Nanase has a tendency
to swing around a steel beam and assault people...
Even if her living sister didn't come back to get revenge,
wouldn't she think that her sister's ghost was going to attack her?
Not to mention, now that he's committed a murder,
her fear would be at its max.
He'd be tearing Hatsumi's psyche apart.
Therefore...
The suspect's motive doesn't match up.
If the motive falls apart, that means the solution also falls apart.
Totally. That solution doesn't work.
Really?
There's no guarantee that the suspect wouldn't do anything contradictory.
I mean, it's possible,
but if that solution's possible, that means any other solution is possible, too.
The suspect's a bit messed up in the head, and they're somewhat extreme, right?
Maybe they thought about creating this ghost hoax, but it just backfired?
Actually, if the suspect just did things that made no sense,
we wouldn't be able to deduce their actions.
To Be Continued
Preview
Steel Lady Nanase is not a ghost.
The fourth solution should make her very existence disappear.
Next time, The Ultimate Fiction.
