Steel Lady Nanase Wiki
Name: Anonymous 09/03 23:57 hhI was just attacked by Steel Lady Nanase hhin a park in East Makurazaka City!
Name: Anonymous 09/04 00:07 hhhJust now? You're the fifth person to say they hhhsaw and got attacked by Steel Lady Nanase
A wiki site, huh?
Monsters of the imagination only survive through people's imaginations.
So long as people fantasize and desire their existence,
Steel Lady Nanase will remain immortal.
Even if we cut off her head, she'll come back over and over.
Her life comes not from within her, but from the desires of others.
Nanase Karin's vengeful spirit haunts Makurazaka City
Nanase Karin's immortal because she's a ghost
You're safe from her wrath if you own merch from when she was an idol
A ghost that appeared in Makurazaka City
She's getting revenge on everyone who went after her
She's wearing a red dress
If you run into her, you're doomed
She carries around a steel beam and attacks you
Steel Lady Nanase has neither intelligence nor the ability to think.
She's an automaton that just continues to move in the way people want her to.
This makes her completely different from actual yokai and ghosts.
Iwanaga.
How are we supposed to defeat her, then?
Steel Lady Nanase is going to kill someone.
I've never seen a monster of the imagination grow to this extent.
I saw the wiki, but it seems like they're making her more violent.
And that's why we'll have to use
this site to our advantage to defeat her.
If she's become immortal because of everyone's imagination,
then we'll just have to conquer that imagination.
This is where we'll need your abilities as a police officer, Saki-san.
Like have the police shut the site down?
Of course not.
It's not very realistic to shut down a personal website without a valid reason.
Then what do you want me to do?
I need information.
I need you to get me valid information on Nanase Karin's death.
Then we'll create a story that surpasses the rumors of Steel Lady Nanase.
Steel Lady Nanase is a ghost
Steel Lady Nanase is a ghost!
as well as a monster of the imagination created from that story.
Ghost!
To get past that,
we'll have to overwrite this story
Steel Lady Nanase is not a ghost!
by writing that she's not a ghost.
If the people who believed in Steel Lady Nanase's existence
start to believe the revised story,
Steel Lady Nanase will lose her vitality and cease to exist.
A story where the ghost doesn't exist...
So you plan to apply
a rational explanation to an urban legend and prove that it was a lie?
That's impossible.
Once a rumor is spread, it doesn't matter if there's a rational explanation.
Not everyone will accept it.
If the rumor seems more believable, then lies can replace the truth,
even if there are some discrepancies.
Correct. The truth isn't always the strongest.
But Steel Lady Nanase is also the truth.
That's why I'm going to use rational fiction to counter her.
I'll post something more appealing than Steel Lady Nanase is a ghost,
something like Steel Lady Nanase is fiction, on the forums.
Rational fiction?
Ghosts don't exist, therefore Steel Lady Nanase doesn't exist.
No one is interested in a story like that.
The hopes and fears people have make her existence more interesting to them.
Steel Lady Nanase exists, but is no more than a monster of the imagination.
She'll disappear if people stop fantasizing about her.
Telling that truth will produce the same result.
Steel Lady Nanase
In fact, there'll be more people writing that they hope she exists.
Because that's far more interesting.
But even if it is a lie,
New
New Theory
if we can create a story that's more interesting than the spectre,
people will flock to it instead.
Though people do believe in ghosts,
they also wish that such terrifying things didn't exist.
These desires exist on opposing vectors, but they coexist,
so we can easily flip their direction.
I'll admit that all makes sense.
Still, since you sympathize with spectres,
the idea of you trying to prove that they don't exist is basically fraud.
Indeed, it is. It's all a hoax.
But there's no other way to exterminate her.
Let's talk about something a bit more realistic.
In order to convince the forum posters that Steel Lady Nanase isn't a ghost,
we need to address two problems.
First, we have to explain who's causing all of these
Perpetrator
Perpetrator
attacks around Makurazaka City.
Second, we have to explain why they're doing it.
Motive
If we can offer a realistic
and appealing solution that explains these two factors,
we'll be able to bind Steel Lady Nanase in rational fiction.
And to make this happen, I need accurate information.
If I were to write something with just the information that's available online
and someone points out later that it was in error,
our solution won't sound as credible.
And that's exactly why I need more information from the police.
Especially concerning Nanase Karin's death.
Are you asking a police officer to leak personal information?
What's this?
Nanase Haruko Investigation Documents
I thought this might prove difficult since you're an officer in a different division,
but you already have documents on Nanase Karin!
Nanase Haruko Investigation Documents
Give that ba
Kuro-kun!
What's with this girl?!
I warned you yesterday!
I told you not to get involved with Steel Lady Nanase!
But seeing how you have documents on her,
I'm sure you can't let Steel Lady Nanase go, either.
As I told you yesterday,
the detective I work with believes Steel Lady Nanase
is part of a larger incident and is looking into it, so...
We have the same goal.
We want to defeat Steel Lady Nanase,
and that's exactly why I need these.
Will you help me out, Saki-san?
I'm fine with helping you gather more information,
but what about the perpetrator?
Even if you're going to make up some rational story,
a suspect we can actually arrest doesn't exist.
And I don't really like the idea of framing someone, either.
I'll figure out a way to avoid all of that.
Our ultimate goal is to offer a story more appealing than the truth
that there's some ghost actually causing these incidents.
So it doesn't matter if we can't pinpoint a suspect.
Steel Lady Nanase was deliberately thought up by someone.
We just need people to believe that solution.
So it doesn't matter if the police can solve this or not.
As long as the people who believe in Steel Lady Nanase
are convinced by something that makes sense to them, we win, right?
Correct.
That seems a bit harsh.
Compared to a fake solution that relies
on a police investigation and trial, it doesn't seem that difficult.
I guess I can at least tell you everything I'm allowed to tell you.
How about we start with an outline and go over any questions or doubts?
Nanase Karin was suspected of killing her father,
and the media was after her, so she hid in Makurazaka City.
Nanase Haruko
Her body was discovered on January 30th of this year, just after 8:00 AM.
One of the first questions to come up in the investigation
was what Nanase Karin was even doing there.
She was found at an unattended construction site for a future condo.
That's a very unlikely place for a 19-year-old girl to visit,
and after midnight, it was pouring, so there was really no one around in the area.
It was very unnatural for her to be out in that weather and at that time.
The only plausible explanation
is that someone called her out there to meet with her.
But according to the reports, there were cigarettes near her body.
There was an umbrella and five cigarette butts.
Even in her coat pocket, they found a lighter and an open pack of cigarettes.
Nanase Karin was a minor, so she wouldn't legally be allowed to smoke.
The police think that she came over here
to have a smoke without being noticed.
Nanase Karin was called out there to meet with someone,
and was smoking while waiting for them to show up.
Or perhaps the person who called her there was already there and was smoking?
That wasn't completely ruled out.
It was pouring the whole night,
so even if someone else was there, their footprints would've been washed away.
But if someone was trying to get a hold of her,
you'd think there'd be a record of someone trying to call her phone.
But all they found in her phone history
was her and her manager contacting each other.
The police were trying to rule this as an accident even early on.
Steel beams suddenly falling as she was smoking and killing her instantly
would be the easiest and most rational explanation.
But if that's the case, some other problems arise.
Like what?
The fact that there was no sign of her trying to defend herself
from the steel beams falling on her face.
If a steel beam was about to fall on you, even if you knew it was useless,
you'd try to move away
or instinctively try to defend yourself somehow.
But there was no sign of that,
so it's also questionable that she just let herself get crushed.
I guess that's a good point.
There was a theory that
if it was murder, the suspect could've hit her just hard enough to knock her out,
then laid her down on the ground, and just knocked the steel beams onto her.
But Nanase Karin was on the run from the media
and was suspected of killing her own father.
Nanase Karin's True Form
I'll be back soon, my dudes
They thought she might be at her wit's end.
It seemed likely that she was desperate,
so if steel beams had fallen on her around that time,
it wouldn't be surprising if she was too out of it to react in time.
That theory seemed more likely,
so the theory about someone knocking her out was thrown out.
So Nanase Karin was tired from running from the media
and had even contemplated suicide.
The steel beams fell on her amid all that,
so she just didn't bother to avoid getting crushed.
That's another possible explanation.
Other investigators came to that same conclusion.
In the end,
even though the police officially ruled Nanase Karin's death an accident,
considering the situation, there was an unofficial conclusion that
this accidental death could've also been suicide.
The person who seemed most likely
to have a motive to kill her, her older sister Nanase Hatsumi, had an alibi.
There weren't any other likely suspects,
so the police came to a conclusion a month after her body was found.
Her sister had a reason to kill her?
Yes. The fact that she had told others that
her sister was responsible for their father's death.
If Nanase Karin were to die, her entire inheritance would go to Hatsumi.
Basically, her younger sister dying was convenient to Hatsumi in many ways.
And among all the questions surrounding Nanase Karin's death,
Nanase Hatsumi
the biggest one is Nanase Hatsumi.
During the investigation, Nanase Hatsumi was the only one
who denied the fact that her sister was in a suicidal state at all.
It's strange that she'd object to the police's conclusion that it was an accident.
You'd think an older sister being suspected of murder
would want it wrapped up quickly.
But it bothers me how she seemed convinced that if
her sister was going to die, it wouldn't be in such a way.
So, Iwanaga, what actually happened?
What do you mean?
Considering how things usually go, you probably know what happened.
I'm glad you know me so well, Senpai.
But I didn't use my usual methods this time.
There were too many people around during the day, so I couldn't go to the crime scene.
So why don't we head over there right now?
Go where?
We're going to go find a witness.
Logical Fiction
Why in the world did you bring me here?!
It's been over six months since Nanase Karin died here!
What's the point in coming to the scene of the crime now?!
Correct. You won't find anything here.
Which also means no one will be watching.
And that means it's an opportune time for those who aren't human to act.
All right... Let's have a look!
She's not satisfied unless she goes through all this.
It is a holy priestess's dance!
Priestesses draw magic circles now?
Didn't you see how cool it was?!
Who are you trying to show off to?
Well, of course, the one who's about to show up.
Jeez, you guys are loud.
What are you doing here this late at night?
Ah, we're quite lucky to run into a human spirit.
Oh, are you the lady of one eye and one leg?
All the ayakashi around town have been talking about you.
So that would mean he's...
The creature that's part kudan and part mermaid?
He's part human, too.
My goodness, how horrifying.
So have you been here for a while?
Yup. Ever since I died last year.
So you're aware of the accident that occurred here in late January, right?
An accident in which a 19-year-old girl died.
Oh, you mean Nanase Karin, right?
Ah, so you know of her.
Well, after all...
I witnessed the moment she died!
That night in the rain, she was all alone.
She seemed terribly depressed.
And then...
Look out!
She didn't even try to dodge the steel beams.
It happened so quickly! That was basically suicide!
If only I were stronger...
I might've been able to stop them.
There's no reason for you to feel responsible.
This now clarifies the truth.
Huh?
The Japanese police are indeed efficient.
This is truly an accidental death bordering on suicide.
W-Wait a sec! Is this really a good way to learn the truth?
There was no deduction or theorizing involved!
We have eyewitness account from an unrelated third-party witness.
What could be better?
You didn't even need to confirm the police investigation, then!
You could've found everything out by asking ghosts and yokai.
The truth is important.
But it's also important to see what is generally seen as the truth
and the conclusion that stems from it.
That's how those on the Internet who fantasize about Steel Lady Nanase
get their ideas and function.
Openly, I won't be using anything beyond what's available to them, either.
And even if there's information that's not the truth
but is being believed as the truth, I will use that, as well.
I am the Goddess of Wisdom.
If I need to make fiction sound more convincing to create this fiction,
I will use any means necessary.
That's our lady!
I will use this frustration I'm feeling to do my best, as well!
By the time this building is done,
I'll be strong enough to be a guardian spirit!
All of this is starting to feel reckless.
Even if the conclusion you post is well-written
and can draw people's attention,
in the end, whether people accept it or not is
going to depend on luck, isn't it?
People aren't always logical.
Some are impressed when something mystical gets resolved,
but others want to believe in ghosts.
Will your lies be able to hold up
when we don't even know where that balance lies?
But that's also why monsters of the imagination aren't so easily created.
We can't know if a lot of people will believe it
or not unless we give it a try.
Our chances against the rumors of Steel Lady Nanase
that have already spread aren't going to be the best.
But every rumor is at least believable to some extent.
Besides, we have
Kuro-senpai.
If there's a chance that I can produce a somewhat appealing lie,
Kuro-senpai will be able to make it 100.
He didn't eat kudan meat and still manage to survive for nothing.
Well, Saki-san, goodnight.
Goodnight.
Right... Goodbye.
Senpai, did you get a hotel in the area?
No, I hadn't gotten that far yet.
I figured that might be the case, so I'm staying in a room with a double bed.
I'm pretty sure I saw a business hotel by the station.
Why do you refuse to sleep with me?!
Now's really not the time for that.
Iwanaga.
Do you have an idea of what kind of solution you're going to create?
Why does the perpetrator take Nanase Karin's form
and attack people every night?
I could come up with countless motives.
But if you're asking whether it'll be impactful enough to draw attention...
It's hard to say.
Linking it with the past incident
and polishing it into more of a tearjerker might make it more appealing.
So not exactly something realistic, but a truth that seems more like a story.
Yes, the world is filled with harsh truths. No one finds them desirable.
It'll all be up to you after that, Kuro-senpai.
Yeah, I'll go get the future that goes along with your solution.
I'll die as many times as I need to for you.
There's not just a single future.
When you look into the future from the present,
it splits, changes, and spreads out into different paths.
There are paths to various kinds of futures, and any future is possible.
And when you choose a path and move forward,
all the splits behind you disappear, and your past becomes one path.
One path to the past and infinite paths to the future.
The future is always unknown and undecided.
But wouldn't that make telling the future impossible?
If the future continues splitting infinitely,
there's no way to find a single destination.
But the kudan is able to predict the future without fail.
So why the contradiction?
The kudan doesn't make predictions by looking into the future.
The kudan is able to make those infinite splits into a single future.
It has the power to determine which future will occur
and what destination awaits.
So that's the true power of the prophet beast kudan?
What a terrifying power.
In exchange for using that power, the kudan loses its life.
It looks through the endless amounts of futures and chooses one,
so its life probably burns out.
But it can't determine any kind of future.
They can't use it to their advantage, either.
Are there limits?
Well, if I'm not prepared to die,
I can't see the splits in the future and choose.
Perhaps the kudan doesn't die because it states its prophecy,
but is able to state its prophecy because it's about to die.
Then I guess seeing the future is a privilege for those who are about to die.
You talk like it doesn't apply to you.
Well, I can return to life.
Also, I can only choose futures that have a high probability of occurring.
If we're talking about a year into the future,
there are too many splits, so I can't choose.
And if the probability of that future happening is too low,
the branch is far away and hard to grasp.
This all sounds like a pain.
Yeah.
By the way, Kuro-san,
I wanted to report something to you today.
Report?
Yes! I just received my letter of acceptance!
Iwanaga Kotoko-dono
Letter of Acceptance
We are pleased to inform you that you have passed the entrance exam for our law program.
Oh, congrats.
We'll be going to the same university in the spring, Kuro-senpai.
Kuro-senpai, when Steel Lady Nanase killed you earlier,
were you not able to see a future in which she was destroyed?
There probably was one, but I couldn't reach it.
There were too many splits, so I couldn't sort through them in time.
Determining the best future to defeat that thing
and coming back to life took everything out of me.
Though, you didn't actually defeat her.
You always think you can solve everything on your own.
Look who's talking.
I can come back to life, but if you die, that's it.
You leave me alone for a week, and now you act like you're my guardian or something?
Back then, Senpai died once, determined a future, and came back.
But even then, he couldn't choose a future where he was able to
defeat Steel Lady Nanase and win.
That was a future outside of Senpai's grasp.
That's why I have to make it something obtainable.
If I can at least set up an opportunity, we can defeat Steel Lady Nanase.
Senpai will make that opportunity a reality.
So you haven't told Saki-san about her, have you?
Not a single word.
Yeah. It hasn't been determined that she's actually involved in any of this.
Senpai, didn't you try picking a future where you
and Saki-san didn't break up with your power over the future?
If I can do that,
I'm going to go grab a future where it's okay for me to break up with you.
Th-That's totally unfair! How dastardly can you get?!
Stop laughing!
Makurazaka Central Park
Don't worry.
It's not as if I think I can get back with Saki-san.
I'm pretty sure she feels the same way.
I don't appreciate you two agreeing like that, either.
So what exactly do you want me to say?
Passionately say that you'll make me happy, no matter what.
What's so funny?
Kuro-senpai's attachments to others can seem rather weak.
So weak that I can see him leaving me one day and seeing it as a favor.
He's such a pain.
Why can't you be true to your feelings?
Let's head to the hotel. Once you get through the park, turn right.
Okay.
I need to think.
If a victim turns up, creating this solution will become even more difficult.
It's okay. I'm sure Steel Lady Nanase won't be able to kill anyone yet.
As long as no one tries to approach her, nothing should happen tonight.
I'm a police officer.
What are you doing at this hour dressed like that?
Just like the rumors said...
A woman without a face, wearing a red dress, and carrying a steel beam.
Are they using special effects makeup? It's pretty well-done.
Is she charging me? Then I have no choice.
What...
What just happened?
Name: Anonymous 09/04 09:1 hhDid you see the news this morning?
Name: Anonymous 09/04 09:15 ID.9jivbci hhDid you see the news this morning?
Name: Anonymous 09/04 09:17 ID.pkndzz hhI saw it, and that's why I came here. Anyone have any details?
Name: Anonymous 09/04 09:18 ID.kredco hhDid Steel Lady do this?
Name: Anonymous 09/04 09:24 ID. hhApparently a detective from the Makurazaka hhPolice Department was killed
Name: Anonymous 09/04 09:2 What does that have to do with Steel Lady Nanase?
Name: Anonymous 09/04 09:26 hhThe victim's face was crushed in
To Be Continued
Preview
Detective Terada was killed by Steel Lady Nanase.
At this rate, we might see even more victims.
We have to defeat Steel Lady Nanase tonight.
Next time, Preparing to Conquer the Steel Lady.
