mada shiranai sekai no hate demo
Being next to me made me feel
kimi to nara yukeru ki ga suru yo
I could go to the ends of the world unknown
hora gyutto te wo nigittara bouken ha hajimaru
See, to hold our hands tightly, the adventure will begin now
lord-animetion
chiisai koto ni kuyo kuyo shite
I used to worry about the small things
itsumo watashi tameratetta no
It was hesitant all the time
demo kimi ga oshietekureta fumidasu yuuki
isshoni hiroi suteeji he
Together on the big circuit
tobikonde ikou
donna chiisai negaigoto ga atte kanaete ageru
I will make even small your wish come true
mada shiranai sekai no hate demo
Being next to me made me feel
kimi to nara yukeru ki ga suru yo
I could go to the ends of the world unknown
hora gyutto te wo nigittara kowagarazu ni
See, to hold our hands tightly, do not be afraid
ichi ni san
Is
donna toki demo shinjiteru
Whatever the case, I have confidence because I can see the future in front of my eyes
me no maeni mirai aru kara ne
hora gyutto te wo nigittara bouken ha hajimaru
See, to hold our hands tightly, the adventure will begin now
kitto
todoku Fly Away
Zero-Kon
No. I can swim, so I can not save them
Advisors will save you
Kenkibo
Haruo-ni did not come to school?
Do you have any evidence?
It is best to tell the McCain-members to others about it
Where disappeared Haruo-ni?
Aanaho-chan, what's up?
What is that?
I heard you. I have you in danger when they all worked the last time
When we were in the McCain-Ki
Vestigial has been brought to the battle against Kamigarri
If, the amount wheel can not be stopped at all?
What did you say?
who are you? And why I took Haruo-ni?
YAMATO. I Kikyo
Kamigarri?
Although I do not know the real strength
If you are Kamigarri?
Where Haruo-ni?
It resisted. If, you'll know what will happen to her
What is the purpose of the power that you have?
No. okay, I'll tell you
I have come to Tenby to achieve also the force, is not it?
Do you want to say it to protect someone?
No. I can accept such fighting
Over the racist inside you. I have
That was almost. We have such an explosion inside me
It.fla matter if you hit hard
In this case
Why does this make Takeru?
You have not understood anything, right?
This.bmsadk
Fear and anger of something precious is taken
What speeches?
Is not your strength exists to protect anyone?
Or you say that you know that this is impossible
And that you have lost the desire to save the girl?
I do not able to protect my mother at that time
Force for fighting
My mother wanted to. I have Takeru to become a strong man sincerely
Sincerely strong?
What is the matter?
Does it make sense?
There.sokon after a period
Huge.kmyat elements come out of this sacred mountain
Is this evil energy sacred monster, Yamata no Oorotche?
It is absorbed elements of the blood index through his mouth?
How it will end?
LORD ANIMATION: translation
shx: production
As Kagazuchi and Aicazuchi not Izala recovering
M-What?
What do you intend to do?
Do you incline the great dragon inside the forest?
Gradually narrowed down. But he
What happened, Azuki-Seenba?
I browser extensions, it seems that it is surrounded by the devil
Certainly. You are doing so deliberately
Change. We have such a time when the intervention in my battle
Likely. From that Aoyama Takeru's ability existed since birth
Even though we did not notice it before, given the severe Rose which was done in Omanohara
Maybe it may be close to the lineage of us
What are you saying?
Takei was. We have always-chan boy who sacrifices himself for the sake of others
But on that day when he was not able to protect his mother from the man who challenged our dojo
For this reason Takei-chan possibility can not see the people they hurt during the fighting today
Reason. Therefore, Takei-chan is not Mthelkma who want to control others to fight
I allow.ln
We have to evacuate the road. We have already escape
We have three. We have to reform the space dimensions
There is no paradise
Takeru is.tola-Be
Ttgeron. How to do this
The reason I told you. Therefore, Ms. Ootohama
I remember this advisors will, Akkaya
Why is this happening?
How do we stop it?
shock?
Did something else happen?
Why it fell from the sky?
Do you intend to collide with the blood Takeru index using one of the eight Almckin?
Maybe both may fail and would pull inside the huge spiral element
My ability.sostkhaddm harmful to disperse the negative elements that made Takei-chan becomes rough
what is happening?
Takeru, are you okay?
Fltha. We have, Haruko
Nice work, right?
Bouyama. You take care of a lot Takeru
It made me see. I have
What did you say?
Of the Akkaya?
The reason you must. For this to return home
Well, how will it?
How to.ottalaa in front of war against thee Kamigarri
No. You will use Almckin in front of others randomly
Keep calm all the time, the concept of?
where is he?
Spread over maid advisors will Aldugan next, so allow me to draw graphics
Which is better?
President of the Almckin. I-Club in order, which protect the peace and order within the school
If you come to our town, visit us
The To erotic daily our pleasure of our school, Tenby Academy
Guards herb garden
