And we broke
Everything that was right
We both enjoyed a good fight
And we sewed
All the holes we had to breathe
To make the other one leave
And I loved
The way you looked at me
And I miss
The way you made me feel
When we were alone
When we were alone
And I'll shiver like I used to
And I'll leave him just for you
And I'll shiver like I used to
Mushi-Shi
Mushi-Shi
Just for you
Like I used to
There. Much better.
Mirror Lake
Huh?
Masumi!
Where in the world have you been?
Masumi?
Huh?
Oh my... what did she drag in with her?
Is that water I hear?
You came here to ask us how our daughter's doing?
Well, it's true that she hasn't been feeling well lately.
But... we already know the reason for that.
And it's something neither doctor nor mushi-shi can cure.
The fellow she liked stopped visiting her, you see.
She's been very depressed.
Even her health is suffering because of it.
But she gets this way every time.
This one is taking a bit longer than usual, though.
Well, the cause this time may be different.
What do you mean?
Before I explain, can you please bring me a basin filled with water?
Try looking at your reflection in this.
Her mirror image has been stolen away.
Huh?
There are mushi that live in still ponds called Mizukagami, or Water Mirror mushi.
They blend in because they resemble quicksilver.
When one of these mushi reflects the image of an animal passing by,
it comes ashore and tries to imitate that animal's appearance.
It proceeds to follow the original around.
This, in turn, causes the animal to gradually become weaker.
The weaker the animal gets, the more concrete the Mizukagami's form becomes...
until the animal loses its physical form completely.
Once that happens,
the Mizukagami takes the place of the original animal.
Mizukagami need various minerals from water in order to live.
Once one gains a physical form, it will search for bodies of water with higher mineral content.
In its true form, a Mizukagami cannot move of its own volition.
Because of this, it covets a body that can freely search for what it needs.
We can't let that happen!
Isn't there something we can do?
At the moment when a Mizukagami tries to replace the original, it becomes fully visible.
If the original shows the Mizukagami its own reflection in a mirror at the instant of its transition,
it will lose its form, and the original will return to normal.
Is that all? Sounds easy enough.
Hey, Masumi, you have a hand mirror, right?
Where'd you put it?
What's with it? It's so dirty that you can't see anything.
Here, I'll polish it for
No.
This mirror... is very important to me.
I'll do it myself.
Sorry, I'll be back in a bit.
Huh?
Hey, where are you going? Masumi!
It's dirty again already?
I don't ever polish it, because I want you to.
I've been thinking, Masumi...
Hm?
These days, there just aren't that many people who need their mirrors polished around here.
I've been thinking of looking for work elsewhere.
Huh?
But then... when would I get to see you next?
Who knows?
I don't know when I'll be back.
I don't want that!
It's not like I want this either...
but I've got to provide for myself somehow, you know?
Please try to understand.
Then...
Then, I'll wait for you in your new village!
I'll become your bride!
I don't want to settle down yet.
Then, I'll wait until you do want to!
Please...
Sorry, but I don't want a tomboy like you for a wife.
I'd prefer someone who's got a gentler disposition.
That's how it is.
So I can't say when I'll come see you again.
Anyway, the next time the mirror gets dirty,
I'm sorry, but just polish it yourself.
What am I doing?
Are you here?
Do you really want to become me?
You want to become someone like me, of all people?
It looks like you can hear the Mizukagami's footsteps now.
Polished your hand mirror yet?
Unless you want the Mizukagami to take your place,
you'd better do it soon.
It doesn't matter if it takes my place.
What?
There's no point in being here anymore.
If it wants to be me so much, it can go ahead.
Listen... If you throw your life away like this,
you'll lose even the capacity to feel regret.
If you let the Mizukagami switch places with you,
you will lose not only your body, but also your consciousness itself.
You will become a mere thingincapable of having any significant effect on this world.
A thing that won't matter, whether it exists or not?
Yes. That's right.
I don't really see much of a difference, then.
No matter how hard I tried not to be, I was meaningless to him.
It didn't matter what I said or what I did.
I had no influence over him.
It didn't matter whether I existed or not then, and it doesn't matter now.
That world you're in right now... It's lonely, isn't it?
But you know, there's a world even more lonely than that one.
It's the world that's home to the entities lacking a physical form, like mushi.
It is where the things unwanted by the world writhe in the darkness.
Mushi may lack souls,
but many of them nevertheless try to crawl out of the darkness in search of the light.
That's how lonely that world is.
The Mizukagami are so fragile that they disappear just by seeing their reflection in a mirror.
That in itself is a testament to the power of those with a physical form
the power gained simply by having a body of flesh and blood.
However, once you switch places, your positions will be reversed.
If you really want to return to a world that feels less lonely,
you must protect yourself.
Her pulse has gotten very weak.
Polished your mirror yet?
Yeah.
Good.
Now all you have to do is keep it close.
It shouldn't be long before the Mizukagami appears.
At that moment, you must use the mirror to reflect it.
Don't miss it.
What is it?
Um... I have to go to the restroom.
Are you sure you can go by yourself?
Yeah.
I knew he'd come back.
He's not here.
It's gone!
It's all the way over there!
I feel so weak...
Am I...
going to get replaced?
Will I become...
something that can only follow others around?
No...
I don't want that to happen.
What is wrong with you?
Stop pretending to be me!
I'm fine now, I swear!
Not another word, you foolish girl!
At the very least, you've got to rest for today!
Fine...
Why did it vanish like that?
Actually, I've been wondering that myself.
That's it!
It was your eyes!
The Mizukagami must have been reflected in your eyes.
Who'd have thought?
As long as you keep your eyes open, you don't even need a mirror.
I guess that, too, is a testament to how much power we possess just by having physical form.
Is something wrong?
I didn't notice until now...
but you're not half bad looking!
Huh?
Your hair's such a weird color. Does it run in the family?
Are you married?
Where did you grow up?
It seems she's already recovered fully.
That it does.
Well then, I think it's time I get going.
What?!
Can't you stay just a little longer?
I've got to show my thanks!
Masumi!
When will you ever learn?
Here it is.
I figured that you would return to this place.
Come with me.
I'll guide you to a better lake that's deeper in the mountains.
I'm not giving up my body, though.
Oh, don't look so lonely.
Mirror Lake
Floral Delusion
Floral Delusion.
