The Tree of Eternity
Hm?
Oh.
Lucky me. A plum.
Daddy!
Oh, Futaba!
You've gotten so big!
Where did you get to go this time?
A large town in the East.
It had so many great big houses, all right next to each other.
I was there building the one that dwarfed them all, though.
It was fit enough to be the palace of the dragon god himself!
She missed you every single day.
Why don't you find a job somewhere closer?
With your skills, I'm sure it would be easy.
It's exciting to see new places and to try my luck with just my skills.
The world is such a spectacular place, and it's so full of surprises.
Mushi-Shi
Mushi-Shi
I'll put down roots when I get a little older.
It was just a dream?
It was so vivid, though.
It's that same dream again.
I keep dreaming about this tree.
What is going on?
But now that I think about it, there's something strangely familiar about that tree.
A giant cedar tree?
Yeah, one so big that you'd need five or six grown men to fully circle its trunk.
Sorry. We don't know of any tree like that.
Dango
Dango
Can I sit here?
Sure...
Wait, I remember you.
You do?
I don't remember you, though.
No, I'm sure of it.
You and five or six others came down from the mountains.
Then you went back up there.
You must have been around ten years old.
There was another boy with you
as well as an elderly man.
I've known that old man since he was but a young boy.
Wait a second.
How could you possibly have known the old man when he was a boy?
How old are you?
You have a point there...
How come I remember him, then?
Did someone tell me about him?
Hey, I swear I'm not just making things up.
It was like I suddenly had a flashback...
If you're going to try out a new con, you should practice more first.
It's not like that, I swear!
Hey!
There are people...
They're making a village.
This village...
It seems so familiar.
Of course it seemed familiar!
That was my own village, as seen from right here...
which means that tree should be around here somewhere.
Finally, I'll be able to solve this mystery.
Is this... it?
It can't be...
Well, I guess I should head home.
Huh?
What's going on?
My feet are stuck!
Hello!
Can anyone hear me?
Hello!
It's you!
P-Please help me.
It's my legs!
It seems I was too late.
After my run-in with you earlier,
I remembered something.
There are records of people who have been able to recall long-ago events that occurred in a certain place.
Although they couldn't possibly have experienced the events firsthand, their accounts seemed as though they had.
Get to the point... What's happening to me?
My legs feel like they're made out of wood...
I can't get them to budge.
You must have recently eaten a fruit that resembled a small red plum.
Yeah.
That was a Satorigi, or Enlightened Tree mushi.
A Satorigi usually lives within a tree and feeds on its nutrients.
When it senses that its host is in danger, however, it causes the tree to sprout what appear to be red flowers.
Then it transforms into a fruit like the one you saw, and it leaves the tree.
As a fruit, the Satorigi contains all the tree's memories.
And when it gets eaten by a bird or wild animal of some sort,
it takes root in their body and waits until they approach a tree.
If its new host comes into prolonged contact with a tree,
it will fuse with the tree and immobilize its host.
It eventually causes its host to merge with the tree completely.
So then, how are we going to cure my legs?
There is no known cure.
You said it leaves when its host's life is endangered, right?
Well, what if I pretend to die?
That may cause it to sprout red flowers, but I doubt it will transform into a fruit and leave.
According to the records,
a Satorigi possesses the ability to determine whether its host is in real danger or not.
Perhaps it is able to do so by utilizing the wealth of memories obtained from the tree.
You mean...
there isn't anything we can do?
How can I...
How can I work with legs like these?
Kanta.
You're still alive and here with us.
That's enough for me.
We'll all pitch in, so
You have to be kidding!
I refuse to live beholden to anyone!
Come on. I'm counting on you.
There's got to be some way!
Here's hoping for any leads on a cure.
After all that time...
I guess that tree got cut down.
It is said that this tree has been here for a thousand years.
Isaza, are you listening?
I've heard this story so many times already, though.
It is worth listening to many times.
Remember what I tell you.
Remember it so well that you will be able to pass it on to young Watari like yourself.
This tree has been home to a Satorigi for a very long time.
It is said to have sprouted its portentous red flowers twice in that time.
This is what they look like.
This tree's first bloom occurred nearly 550 years ago.
Shortly after, a major earthquake struck the region.
The ground split and the tree almost fell over,
but it managed to survive.
Its second bloom occurred approximately 170 years ago.
It was not long before it was struck by lightning and split nearly in two.
However, people from the nearby village did everything they could to help the tree heal,
and so, the tree survived once more.
Look. That is the very village.
Those villagers had come here three hundred years ago with a different purpose in mind, though.
They tried to cut down the tree in order to begin cultivating the mountain, but it wouldn't let them.
Thus, the people of this village began to fear the tree,
and before long, they came to venerate it as a sort of deity.
There is a River of Light running through here, you see.
Trees that have long lived in the path of one can develop special powers.
They can even become immune to the actions of man.
In my many years, I have seen a multitude of magnificent trees,
but none have compared to this one.
Still, not many of the villagers visit this tree nowadays.
That is a bit troubling to me.
I heard that tree used to be venerated as a sort of deity.
Yes.
It was truly a magnificent tree.
How did it get reduced to this, then?
Everyone was so afraid.
They thought the village was finished.
It happened fifteen years ago.
Back then,
most of the villagers made their living by growing trees and selling the lumber.
Everyone, wake up!
We're in trouble!
It's the mountains!
What are we going to do now?
We're completely out of options.
We're going to have to leave the village and become beggars.
Hey, what about that giant cedar?
Didn't some lumber merchant in the city want it for an enormous sum?
That's right... That tree survived the fire.
But it's that tree...
Plus, they say it cannot be cut down.
So what?
We won't know for sure unless we try.
Yeah, let's go for it.
Hey!
Wait, all of you.
We can't afford to wait!
My kid will starve to death if I don't do something!
Same here.
But that tree has been revered by our ancestors for generations!
We'll give up if it really can't be cut down, then.
Look!
What's with those red flowers?
Looking at them gives me a bad feeling somehow.
Yeah, it's like...
the tree is angry.
What are you guys talking about?
I don't see any flowers.
Stop talking nonsense.
Hey, stop!
It can be cut!
So it was just a silly superstition all along!
Let's do this!
Yeah!
What's with all this water?
It won't stop flowing...
Selling the tree gave us enough to feed the entire village for quite some time.
Moreover, the scorched mountains recovered at an astonishing speed.
Kanta, who was quite young at the time, was only able to grow up so strong
thanks to this tree.
If we had not cut it down, the village would not have survived as well as it did.
Still, after what we did to it, I'm sure the tree must have been very angry.
Perhaps...
this is our punishment.
Trees are incapable of anger.
However, that doesn't mean they are incapable of sentiment and action altogether.
There are trees, for example, that will protect themselves from pests by exuding toxins from their leaves.
Trees and plants cannot move of their own volition.
Instead, they are often very sensitive to changes in their environment
and are capable of altering themselves in response to those changes.
This tree had enough power to repel axes wielded by humans.
So then, how come it was able to be cut down?
Perhaps it was only possible
because the tree altered itself to make it possible...
for the benefit of the injured mountain as a whole.
You're saying a tree can do such a thing?
I wonder.
If that's the case, though...
then on that day, we lost something truly precious.
Please take this medicine.
Is that the cure for my legs?!
No, it's only medicine to prevent the mushi's growth.
I've sent letters to many acquaintances about a possible cure,
but none could offer much help.
I am continuing my research, though.
There's another mushi-shi I'd like to go and ask.
Should anything happen, send a letter to me here.
Okay.
Daddy!
Come play outside with me.
Sorry... I can't walk around like before.
Can you tell me a story, then?
I don't have any more stories to tell.
This is all thanks to that tree.
What did I do to deserve this?
That tree was cut down so many years ago,
so why is it still lingering within me like this?
Red flowers...
Since these appeared, have you been feeling sick or unwell?
Not at all. I feel fine.
In that case, it must be a sign that something bad is about to happen.
Before long, you are going to be in danger.
I wonder why...
I feel so strange.
All the plants seem agitated.
I've had this feeling before.
Long ago...
Long ago, I felt the same way.
Remember.
Remember!
Remember what it was that happened back then.
Huh? He wants us to do what?
He told us all to leave the village with him.
What the heck is going on?
Kanta insisted that we hurry.
Is this far enough?
No, it's still not safe here.
We need to go farther.
We have to hurry.
It won't be long.
Hey, how's it going?
How's it look like it's going?
Still, it's a good thing we weren't in our houses when it happened.
Yeah.
I wonder how Kanta knew.
Well, I was thinking...
Didn't he get possessed by that giant cedar tree that got cut down fifteen years ago?
I hear he has knowledge of things that happened way back in the past.
Yeah, he's even mentioned things my great-grandfather used to talk about.
It's possible that once again, we were saved by that giant cedar tree.
Sorry about this.
Your own homes no doubt need your attention too.
Don't even mention it.
You saved our lives, you know.
That's right.
Everyone still feels awful about having cut down that giant cedar tree all those years ago.
We'll never be able to repay the tree for all its help,
so at least let us repay you.
If you need anything at all,
the village will pitch in to help.
So if that great tree ever tells you anything else,
please pass it on to us again.
For many ages, from time immemorial...
a magnificent tree has stood here, in this place.
Deep, deep into the ground, its roots dove.
High and wide in the sky, its branches soared.
Watching innumerable lives come and go, it stood here.
Silent and unchanging, it stood here.
Hey, Futaba!
What is it?
Come over here.
Let me tell you a story about a tree.
It's about a great tree that stood on this mountain for a very, very long time.
It's a very long story, and I may never be able to finish it.
Bell Droplets.
Mushi-Shi The Next Chapter
Bell Droplets
Bell Droplets
In Theaters Summer 2015
In Theaters Summer 2015
