Zankoku na tenshi no youni Like an angel without a sense of mercy...
Shonen yo shinwa ni nare...rise young boy to the heavens as a legend.
Neon Genesis Evangelion
Aoi kaze ga ima Cold winds, as blue as the sea...
Mune no door wo tataitemo Tear open the door to your heart...
Watashidake wo tada mitsumete But unknowing you seem, just staring at me...
Hohoenderu anata Standing there smiling serenely.
Sotto fureru mono Desperate for something to touch...
Motomeru koto ni muchu de A moment of kindness like that in a dream..
Unmei sae mada shiranai Your innocent eyes as yet have no idea...
Itaikena hitomi...of the path your destiny will follow.
Dakedo itsuka kizuku deshou But someday you'll become aware of...
Sono senaka niwa...everything that you've got behind you.
Haruka mirai mezasu tameno Your wings are for seeking out...
Hanega arukoto...a new future that only you can search for.
Zankoku na tenshi no thesis The cruel angel's thesis bleeds...
Madobe kara yagate tobitatsu...through a portal like your pulsing blood.
Hotobashiru atsui pathos de If you should betray the chapel of your memories...
Omoide wo uragiru nara...the cruel angel will enter the window of your soul.
Kono sora wo daite kagayaku. So boy, stand tall and embrace the fire of legend...
Shonen yo shinwa ni nare. Embrace the universe like a blazing star!
Momma! Momma! They chose me!
I'm an elite pilot! I'll defend Mankind as the best in the world!
I have to keep it a secret, so I'll only tell you, Momma!
Everyone's being so nice to me, I won't feel so lonely anymore!
I'm okay now, even without Papa.
So, look! Look at me!
Momma!
Synch ratio zero.
I can't be the Second Child anymore.
I have no reason left to live.
Nobody cares about me anymore.
My papa, my momma, nobody cares.
I have no reason left to live.
Are you Asuka Langley Sohryu?
The Second Intelligence Division reports
that they have taken the Second Child into custody.
Really? It isn't like them to lose her in the first place,
and then to take seven days to find her.
They must have done so intentionally.
They're trying to make trouble for us, aren't they?
It could be.
The Fifth Child arrives to replace Asuka today.
This whole thing is just too convenient.
Rei Ayanami...
There's a feeling about her.
Almost like my mother...
Rei Ayanami and my mother...
What are you doing with them, Father?
Commander Ikari...
Did you know my cat died? The cat my grandmother was caring for?
I hadn't taken care of it for a long time,
but now I know that I'll never see it again.
Why did you destroy the dummy system?
It wasn't the dummy system that I destroyed. It was Rei.
I'll ask you once more. Why did you do it?
I'm not happy anymore, not even when you make love to me.
Go ahead and do whatever you want with my body,
it's never stopped you before!
You disappoint me.
Disappoint?!
You had no hopes or expectations of me to start with!
I was nothing! I am nothing! Nothing!
What can I do now, Mother?
Asuka, where have you disappeared to?
But what could I talk to her about?
Could I talk about Ayanami with her?
Toji, Kensuke... Their homes were destroyed and now they've left.
Friends, I don't have anybody left whom I could call my friend.
Nobody!
I can't go see Ayanami again. I don't have the courage to face her.
I don't even know how to talk or act around her now.
Asuka... Misato... Mother... What do I do?
What can I do?
Singing is good.
Singing brings joy and revitalizes the soul.
I think that Song is the greatest achievement of the Lilim culture.
Don't you agree?
Shinji Ikari?
How do you know my name?
Everyone knows your name.
Not to be rude, but you're rather ignorant of your own position.
Really? And you are?
I am Kaworu, Kaworu Nagisa. Like you, I'm one of the chosen.
The Fifth Child.
You're the Fifth Child?! You...
Nagisa-kun...
Call me Kaworu, Ikari-kun. Nagisa-kun...
Call me Kaworu, Ikari-kun.
Oh no, you can call me Shinji.
The Fifth Child has just arrived.
Nagisa, Kaworu of the Seashore. His records were erased,
just like Rei.
But one record remains.
He was born on the day Second Impact occurred.
The Committee sent him directly to us. There must be more to it.
The Marduk Report's file on the Fifth Child was classified,
so I hacked into the Intelligence Department's computer system.
I can't believe you did that!
It was worth doing.
I found out where Ritsuko is.
What do you want to do about the Fifth Child's synch tests?
I don't have any tricks up my sleeve this time.
Let's see what he can do.
Down another zero point three.
Yes, Sir.
Are these data readouts correct?
All testing systems are operating correctly, Sir.
The MAGI confirm that there are no data errors.
It's incredible that he can synch with Unit 02
before we've even configured the core. He's amazing.
But this isn't possible!
On this system it can't happen.
Nevertheless, it is happening.
We must accept that and begin investigating why it's happening.
You're the First Child, aren't you?
Rei Ayanami.
You're the same as I am.
Who are you?
The Fifth Child has made contact with Rei.
I see.
The MAGI are currently analyzing
the nature of the Fifth and what his powers may be.
We still don't know who or what he is.
Who in the hell is this boy?
Authorized Personnel ONLY If you enter without my permission, you shall die! Entry Forbidden!
Shinji hasn't come back yet either.
I'm not deserving of his trust.
Central Dogma is now open. Please use Route 3 to transfer.
Hi, you weren't waiting here for me, were you?
No, well, not really waiting anyway.
So, what are you doing?
Well, usually when the tests end, I just take a shower and go home.
But I don't really want to go home these days.
You have a home to return to and that will lead you to happiness.
That's good.
You think so?
I'd like to talk some more. May I come with you?
To the shower. Aren't you going now?
Do you mind?
Oh, no, I don't mind.
You are extremely afraid of first contact.
Are you that scared of affection?
If you don't get close to others, you won't be betrayed,
and you won't hurt each other.
However, neither will you forget what loneliness is.
Man can never make loneliness disappear because man is alone,
but man can forget.
So man can find the will to live.
It's time.
Is this it?
Yeah. I have to go to bed.
With me?
No, you have your own room, I think. With me?
No, you have your own room, I think.
Right...
Man always has pain in his heart.
Since his heart feels pain, he experiences life as pain.
You are delicate like glass.
Am I?
Yes, and that earns my sympathy.
Sympathy?
In other words, I love you.
The final Angel
NERV was formed as SEELE's executive branch.
It was created to carry out our scenario.
However, it has been taken over by a selfish man.
Yes, it has. We must return it to our control.
Before the Promised Day.
We must restore NERV and the Eva series to their original purpose.
Ikari will answer to SEELE for his malfeasance.
It will not be much longer.
The Lance of Longinus that was hindering our wish is gone forever.
The last Angel should appear soon,
and our wish will be attained upon destroying that Angel.
Soon, very soon, Yui.
Why am I here?
Why am I still alive?
For what purpose?
For whose purpose?
The Fifth Child...
In what way are he and I alike?
Why?
I am glad this apartment is in the suburbs. Thank God you're safe.
But there is no guarantee this won't happen again.
So, the Horaki family will take care of you starting tomorrow.
I won't be able to see you for a while, Pen Pen.
I think I should sleep on the floor.
No, I am staying at your place. I should sleep down here.
What do you want to talk about?
You want me to listen to you, don't you?
Many things have happened since I came here.
I used to live with my teacher. They were calm and boring days.
I was just living.
But I was fine with that!
There was really nothing I had to do.
Do you hate people?
Not really, I don't care.
But I hate my dad.
Why did I tell Kaworu that?
I was probably born to meet you.
Did you get his data?
This is it. I got this from Ibuki without her knowledge.
I'm sorry that I made you do this.
What's this?
No wonder Maya can't reveal this. This is not theoretically possible!
You're right. The issue gets even more mysterious.
How can he fix the synch ratio at whatever point he wishes?
I have to take another chance.
What a surprise to see you here.
I have a question for you.
Our conversation is monitored here.
I don't care.
What is the boy, the Fifth Child?
He is probably the last Angel.
Well, let's go. Come, Adam's alter ego and Lilith's minion.
Eva Unit 02 is activating!
That's impossible! Where's Asuka?
She's in room 303! I've just confirmed it!
Then who the hell is piloting it?!
It is unmanned! There is no entry plug inserted in Unit 02!
Unmanned? So, the Fifth Child is not there?
AT Field detected in Central Dogma!
Is it Unit 02?
No, the blood pattern is Blue! It's definitely an Angel! Is it Unit 02?
No, the blood pattern is Blue! It's definitely an Angel!
What the hell?!
That boy? An Angel?
Target has passed the Fourth Layer and is still descending.
It's no good! We can't cut the power to the linear carriage!
Target has passed the Fifth Layer.
Close all Central Dogma shutters!
Buy us some time!
Closing all shutters immediately.
All personnel evacuate. All personnel evacuate.
Unbelievable, SEELE itself sent an Angel to us.
The old men want to advance another step with our help.
The last Angel has invaded Central Dogma. It is currently descending.
Just as we planned.
Ikari, you were our good friend, our comrade and conspirator,
but this is your last job.
I expect that you will use Unit 01 to accomplish the mission.
Unit 02 has penetrated the armored shutters!
Target has passed the second wall.
Pursue it with Unit 01.
Yes, Sir!
Use any means to keep it from invading Terminal Dogma.
Use any means to keep it from invading Terminal Dogma.
But why did the Angel take Unit 02?
Is it going to fuse with Unit 02?
Or is it going to bring destruction?
Lie! Lie! It's a lie!
I don't believe that Kaworu is an Angel! It's a lie!
This is a fact, face it. Sortie.
You got it?
Shinji is late.
Eva Unit 01 is descending via Route 2. Pursuing the target.
You betrayed me! You hurt my feelings!
You betrayed me just like my father did!
Unit 01 has reached the Fourth Layer.
It's about to confront the target!
There he is!
I have been waiting for you, Shinji.
Kaworu!
I'm sorry, Asuka!
The Eva series was born from Adam. Humans must abhor their existence.
Lilim try to survive even if it means using the thing they hate.
I do not understand this.
Kaworu, stop this! Why are you doing this?!
Eva is created from the same tissue as I am.
I am also born from Adam.
So I can synchronize with it as easily as if it has no soul.
Unit 02's soul is now shutting itself up.
An AT Field?!
Yes, that's what you Lilim call this.
This is the light of the soul,
sacred territory where no one should intrude.
Don't you Lilim know?
Everybody has an AT Field.
I don't understand what you're talking about!
Both Evas have reached the deepest layer.
Target is twenty meters away from Terminal Dogma.
If Unit 01's signal disappears and then any change occurs...
I know, self-destruct the entire complex.
It's better than letting the Third Impact occur.
I'm sorry.
I don't mind it if it's with you.
Thank you.
It is human fate. Human hope is made with sorrow.
What is this?!
The strongest AT Field ever has been detected!
The strongest AT Field ever has been detected!
Light, magnetism, sub-atomic particles!
It's shutting out everything! We can't monitor anything!
This is absolutely impossible!
Signals from the target, Unit 02 and Unit 01 are lost!
We've lost communication with the pilot!
Kaworu!
Wait!
Final safety system released!
Heaven's Door is opening!
The Angel has finally reached it.
Hyuga...
What now?
What's going on?!
Another AT Field!
A field as strong as the first one has surrounded Terminal Dogma!
It's invading the other AT Field!
Impossible! Is it another Angel?!
I don't know! I can't confirm it!
God! It just disappeared!
Disappeared? The Angel has?
Adam, our mother. One born of Adam must return to Adam.
Although it could destroy all humanity?
No! This is...
Lilith?!
I see. I understand Lilim now.
Thank you, Shinji.
I wanted you to stop Unit 02.
Otherwise, it would have survived with her.
Kaworu, why?
Because it is my destiny to live
although it would bring destruction to humanity.
I would prefer to die here. Life and Death are equal to me.
Death of the self, that is the only absolute freedom.
What are you?
I don't understand what you're talking about!
That is my will.
Now, destroy me.
Otherwise you will be destroyed.
Only one life form can be chosen
to evade the destruction and inherit the future.
And you are not the existence that should die.
You need the future.
Thank you, my life was meaningful because of you.
Kaworu said he loved me.
I have never, never had such kind words.
He was like me, and like Ayanami.
I loved him too.
Kaworu should have survived.
He was much better than I am.
Kaworu should have survived.
No, the one who survives is the one who has the will to survive.
He wished for death.
He neglected his will to survive, and chose a false hope.
You are not wrong.
How can you be so cruel?
To be continued...
Preview
The last Angel has gone, but Shinji is anguished.
Misato and Asuka reveal their minds, and they ask for hope,
while accepting facts as a kind of end.
