Zankoku na tenshi no youni Like an angel without a sense of mercy...
Shonen yo shinwa ni nare...rise young boy to the heavens as a legend.
Neon Genesis Evangelion
Aoi kaze ga ima Cold winds, as blue as the sea...
Mune no door wo tataitemo Tear open the door to your heart...
Watashidake wo tada mitsumete But unknowing you seem, just staring at me...
Hohoenderu anata Standing there smiling serenely.
Sotto fureru mono Desperate for something to touch...
Motomeru koto ni muchu de A moment of kindness like that in a dream..
Unmei sae mada shiranai Your innocent eyes as yet have no idea...
Itaikena hitomi...of the path your destiny will follow.
Dakedo itsuka kizuku deshou But someday you'll become aware of...
Sono senaka niwa...everything that you've got behind you.
Haruka mirai mezasu tameno Your wings are for seeking out...
Hanega arukoto...a new future that only you can search for.
Zankoku na tenshi no thesis The cruel angel's thesis bleeds...
Madobe kara yagate tobitatsu...through a portal like your pulsing blood.
Hotobashiru atsui pathos de If you should betray the chapel of your memories...
Omoide wo uragiru nara...the cruel angel will enter the window of your soul.
Kono sora wo daite kagayaku. So boy, stand tall and embrace the fire of legend...
Shonen yo shinwa ni nare. Embrace the universe like a blazing star!
Once again, I owe you.
You're not going to pay me back anyway, are you?
About the materials they wanted under Freedom of Information,
I handled it by giving them some falsified data.
The government is proceeding with legal action,
but that will be blocked any day now.
So, should I do something about that project as well?
No, judging by the material you sent me, it would appear
that further intervention is unnecessary.
Then, I'll continue with the plan.
Good morning.
G'morning.
This is the way to start your morning!
Not with coffee?
A traditional Japanese breakfast begins with rice, Miso and sake.
Not all Japanese breakfasts, just Misato's.
What's that suppose to mean?
By the way, who was supposed to do the cooking today?
Now I know why you're still single at your age, Misato.
Well, excuse me, but are you saying that I'm lazy?
And sloppy too.
Leave me alone!
I'm done.
Are you really going to come to school today?
Of course. It's your parent-teacher meeting after all.
But you're so busy with your work.
No problem. This is part of my responsibilities anyway.
It's part of your job?
Hi!
Oh, thanks for coming! Yes, he's getting ready.
Misato, you shouldn't go out like that.
It's embarrassing.
I know.
Good morning, Mr. Ikari.
We're taking off now, Misato!
Take care!
Come on!
How ironic.
It's good that it's getting easier for him to express himself.
Yes? He just left. Please stand guard over him.
There! She came!
Cool! Who is she?
Is she Ikari's guardian?
What?! He's got a babe like that for a guardian?!
Those guys are such dorks.
She's gorgeous, truly gorgeous!
Is that so?
It's amazing someone so beautiful could be NERV's Ops Director.
Is that so?
My mom dressed up just for a counseling session...
Thank God that Shinji's such a baby, Kensuke. My mom dressed up just for a counseling session...
Yeah, Shinji's no rival for us! My mom dressed up just for a counseling session...
Yeah, Shinji's no rival for us!
Yeah, Shinji's no rival for us! Don't you think she's silly?
You guys don't know what a slob she is.
Man, I wish she were my girlfriend!
Yeah, and you'd have to put up with a lot of trouble.
You just don't get it, do you, Mr. Big Shot?
You just keep the Earth safe,
and we'll take care of Misato!
Unit 01 has achieved the required cooling level.
Shifting operations to Stage 2.
Keeping the Earth safe... Shifting operations to Stage 2.
Keeping the Earth safe...
That's what Eva is for.
Come to think of it, just what is the Eva?
The entry plug smells a lot like blood.
But I feel so comfortable and relaxed here. Why?
Now that I think of it, I don't know anything about Eva.
What's the status of Unit 00's bio-chest components?
It was seriously damaged.
We'll have to make a new one, even if it requires a bigger budget.
Will our job get any simpler when we get Unit 02?
It could go just the other way.
Disposing of the dead Angels costs a bundle.
Yeah, this place is ridiculously under-financed,
especially since mankind's future rests on what we do here.
It can't be helped.
Man cannot live by Eva alone.
All those survivors need money to live too.
Money!
So, is the Commander off to another conference?
Yes, he's on board, and en route now.
Thank God, a little peace and quiet.
Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here?
The revised budget for the sample collection
passed quite easily, didn't it?
The Committee's main concern is for their own survival.
They aren't stingy when their own lives are at stake.
Yes, they used to think there were no more Angels.
But I have more good news.
All of the permanent members of the Security Council
except the U.S. have approved the budget for Eva Unit 06.
It's just a matter of time before the U.S. approves it as well.
The Americans seem to be allergic to unemployment.
And what about your country?
We will participate beginning with the construction of Unit 08.
The plans for the second installation project are still viable.
However, a pilot has not yet been found.
The Angels have returned.
We have no choice but to defeat them.
We don't want another Second Impact either.
You're saying that the Second Impact wasn't...
Yes, the history texts say it was a disaster caused by a meteorite,
but sometimes the true facts have been concealed.
Fifteen years ago in Antarctica,
we discovered the being known as the first Angel.
However, in the middle of the investigation,
for unknown reasons, the Angel exploded.
That is the real truth behind the Second Impact.
Then, the things we're doing here are to...
To prevent a probable Third Impact from happening.
That is the purpose of NERV and the Evangelions.
By the way, the event will occur tomorrow as scheduled.
I understand.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I'm going to Old Tokyo on business.
I'll probably be back late tonight, so have delivery for dinner.
Later.
Okay.
Neon Genesis Evangelion
Abandoned Area 28 (Former Tokyo Metropolis)
It's hard to believe this used to be the flourishing capital of Tokyo.
We're here.
Why are they having it in a place like this?
Is the SSDF getting involved?
The Strategic Self Defense Force? No, they're not allowed to.
I see, so that's why they can do whatever they like.
of Japan Heavy Chemical Industrial's new product.
Reserved for the guests from NERV of Japan Heavy Chemical Industrial's new product.
Thank you for attending.
You will be observing the offical demonstration in the control room,
but we'll be taking your questions here.
Yes!
Yes! The famous Dr. Ritsuko Akagi.
The famous Dr. Ritsuko Akagi.
It is our honor to have you here.
May I ask a question?
Of course, certainly!
According to our earlier briefing,
this unit is equipped with an internal nuclear reactor, correct?
Yes, this is one of our product's most distinguished features.
150 days of consecutive operating power is assured.
But from a safety perspective, isn't incorporating a nuclear reactor
into a weapon designed for hand-to-hand combat risky?
It's better than a weapon that won't work for over five minutes.
But in an emergency there could be problems with remote control.
Still it's more humane than a system
that induces great mental stress, and causes mental instability.
Cut it out. It just makes you look childish.
And there's still the issue of manual control.
A weapon that cannot be controlled is insane.
I believe that it is safer than an extremely dangerous weapon
that can run out of control, and go berserk.
It's like a hysterical woman!
In other words, completely out of control!
Our pilots and technology are up to the task of controlling it.
So, you're saying that science and courage will tame that beast?
Are you serious?
Yes, of course I'm serious!
Because it depends on something as vague as the human heart,
NERV has allowed the situation to get completely out of control.
That's why the UN had to approve a huge increae in your budget.
As a result, 20,000 people in several countries are starving.
Of course, the actual cause of all this is still under investigation.
Why don't you at least take responsibility for your handiwork?
I envy you. It must be nice to be protected by a supra-legal act.
It doesn't matter what you say.
The fact is that NERV has the only weapon that can best the enemy.
You mean the AT field?
It's just matter of time now.
NERV's day in the sun will not last forever.
Reserved for the guests from NERV
Damn it! Idiot! Who does he think he is?!
That S.O.B.'s just pissed at being cut out of the profit loop!
That god damn son of a bitch!
Damn it! Damn it!
Cut that out. Behave yourself.
He's just a show-off, begging for praise and adulation.
He's petty, not worthy of attention.
But how did he know about the AT field?!
How could something so classified leak out?
Intelligence must be dragging its ass.
We're about to start the JA activation test.
Don't worry, there's no risk at all.
Make yourselves comfortable, and watch through that window.
Ready to begin.
Start the test.
Discharge the power core.
Pressure levels nominal.
Coolant system circulation nominal.
Release the control rods.
The reactor has exceeded threshold levels.
Output is nominal.
Begin walk cycle.
Walking. Forward ahead, slow. Forward right leg.
Roger. Walk, forward ahead slow.
Forward right leg.
Balance is nominal.
Power core status nominal.
Roger.
Now, forward left leg.
Keep her steady.
It walks! Now that's something to be proud of.
What's wrong?
What's wrong? This is odd. The pressure inside the reactor is increasing.
This is odd. The pressure inside the reactor is increasing.
The temperature of the primary coolant system is also rising!
Open the release valve.
Insert the neutron- deceleration fluid.
No effect!
The pump output isn't increasing!
Shut off the power. Emergency stop!
Abort signal transmission confirmed.
It's not accepting it!
The radio circuit is being blocked!
It's out of control!
It can't be!
No! Oh, God! Run away!
That robot is as badly behaved as the guy who built it.
The compression valve is operating irregularly!
The control rods aren't working!
Possibility of meltdown imminent!
It's unbelievable.
JA's been programmed to handle all possible contingencies!
This kind of thing can't happen!
Yet, the fact is, the danger of a meltdown is now before us!
Under the circumstances, our only option is to wait for it to stop.
And what is the estimated probability of an automatic stop?
Determined efforts are better than a miracle!
Tell me how to stop that thing!
We've tried every possible option.
No, there's got to be a last resort, a way to wipe everything out.
Give me the password.
The password to delete all programming is top secret.
I can't authorize it.
I'm not allowed to tell you!
Then get the clearance!
Right now!
It's me. Let me speak to Mr. Manda in Tokyo 2.
That's right, the Director of Internal Affairs.
Well, I'll have to delegate this to Mr. Yasugi. Ask him.
I can't give authorization for such an important matter on the phone.
Could you submit a written request?
So, now I need to get Mr. Yoshizawa's permission?
What? Yes, I've already got an approval from Mr. Witz.
Yes... yes, okay.
The evasion of responsibility...
A written order of clearance will be sent.
That will make this an official operation.
We can't wait for it! Once that thing explodes, it'll be too late!
Jet Alone is heading for Atsugi.
Time is running out.
I'll take responsibility for this myself.
Excuse me.
Hey, Hyuga?
I've arranged it with Atsugi. Bring Shinji, Unit 01 and the F module.
Yes, this is an emergency.
This is pointless. Call this off, Captain Katsuragi.
Do you have any idea as to how to stop it?
By inputting a direct command manually.
Are you serious?
Yes.
But the interior must be flooded with radioactivity!
It's too risky!
But if I make it, everyone will be saved.
The hatch can be opened as soon as our signal is cut off.
You'll be able to enter through the back pack.
Hope.
That's the password to delete the programming.
Thank you.
JA is the target.
There's a danger of meltdown in five minutes.
Therefore, we cannot allow it to get any closer to a populated area.
Hyuga?
Yes, Ma'am?
As soon as you drop off Eva, ascend to a safe altitude.
Affirmative.
And Shinji...
Yes. And Shinji...
Yes. Run alongside the target, and place me on its back.
Run alongside the target, and place me on its back.
Then restrain the target as best you can.
Are you going to get inside?
Yeah.
That's crazy! Yeah.
That's crazy!
I know, but there just isn't any other way.
But it's too dangerous!
No problem.
Eva can withstand a direct explosion.
Not that! I meant for you, Misato!
Well, I've got to give it my best shot,
or else I'll regret it for the rest of my life.
Target sighted.
Here we go.
Eva approaching drop position.
Docking release!
Roger!
We've caught up with it!
We've got less than four minutes. Put me on, now!
Don't think! Just do it!
Misato!
Be careful.
Talk about hot.
This looks bad.
Stop, you bastard!
Misato! Hurry!
I'm here.
Error?
What in the hell is this?
There's no doubt! The program must have been altered!
The power reactor is just 0.2 points short of critical!
The control rods won't function!
Guess I'll try the long shot.
Misato, get out of there!
Move! Move, damn you!
Misato!
My God! It's going to explode!
Christ, it's all over.
Misato!
She did it!
Internal pressure decreasing!
All readings are nominal! Internal pressure decreasing!
All readings are nominal!
We're saved!
Hooray, hooray! She's done it!
That crazy fool.
Misato, are you all right?!
Misato?!
Yeah, I'm okay, not in the greatest shape though.
You're alive! I'm so glad! You're all right! You're really all right!
Oh, thank Heaven. I'm so impressed! It's a miracle!
Yeah...
But the miracle was set up by someone.
Recovery of Unit 01 is complete.
No danger of radioactive contamination.
Except for Captain Katsuragi's operation,
everything went according to plan.
Good work.
G'morning.
Now, let me at that shower!
Where are my bra and panties?
Good morning, Mr. Ikari!
Good morning.
I'm taking off!
Take care!
Misato is just so cool!
I thought so too, but she's sloppy, embarrassing and lazy at home.
She's not embarrassed about it, but I am.
How nice for you.
What do you mean?
He really is a kid.
Yeah, he sure is.
How come?
She lets you see a side of her that she won't show to anyone else.
That means she's your family.
TO BE CONTINUED...
Preview
EVA 02 and its pilot embarked from Wilhelmshaven, Germany for Japan.
Shinji gets confused because of a strong-willed girl.
