Zankoku na tenshi no youni Like an angel without a sense of mercy...
Shonen yo shinwa ni nare...rise young boy to the heavens as a legend.
Neon Genesis Evangelion
Aoi kaze ga ima Cold winds, as blue as the sea...
Mune no door wo tataitemo Tear open the door to your heart...
Watashidake wo tada mitsumete But unknowing you seem, just staring at me...
Hohoenderu anata Standing there smiling serenely.
Sotto fureru mono Desperate for something to touch...
Motomeru koto ni muchu de A moment of kindness like that in a dream...
Unmei sae mada shiranai Your innocent eyes as yet have no idea...
Itaikena hitomi...of the path your destiny will follow.
Dakedo itsuka kizuku deshou But someday you'll become aware of...
Sono senaka niwa...everything that you've got behind you.
Haruka mirai mezasu tameno Your wings are for seeking out...
Hanega arukoto...a new future that only you can search for.
Zankoku na tenshi no thesis The cruel angel's thesis bleeds...
Madobe kara yagate tobitatsu...through a portal like your pulsing blood.
Hotobashiru atsui pathos de If you should betray the chapel of your memories...
Omoide wo uragiru nara...the cruel angel will enter the window of your soul.
Kono sora wo daite kagayaku. So boy, stand tall and embrace the fire of legend...
Shonen yo shinwa ni nare. Embrace the universe like a blazing star!
Good morning, Shinji. How's it going?
No problems.
I'm getting used to it.
That's good.
Have you memorized the positions of all the Eva emergence points,
emergency power junctions, armament equipment sites and recovery zones?
I guess so.
Well, let's review it now. I guess so.
Well, let's review it now.
Normally the Eva runs off electricity provided by an umbilical cable.
In emergencies, it can switch to a built-in battery,
with an active life of one minute at full power,
and no more than five minutes in the minimal activity gain mode.
This is due to our current limits in battery capacity technology.
Do you understand?
Yes. Do you understand?
Yes.
Now let's continue from where we left off yesterday. Initiate Induction Mode.
Now let's continue from where we left off yesterday. Initiate Induction Mode.
Position the target in the center,
then switch on.
Take it easy. Position the target in the center.
Then pull the switch.
Next!
You know, I wonder why Shinji agreed to be a pilot after what happened?
It would seem that he simply does what he's told to do.
I suppose that's just his way of getting through life.
Target in the center, pull the switch.
Target in the center, pull the switch.
Target in the center, pull the switch.
Target in the center, pull the switch.
Target in the center...
And now, from Tokyo we go to Natsuko Shinohara in Matsuzaki.
Good morning, this is Shinohara. Guess what?
Today I'm in Matsuzaki in West Izu for a little scuba diving!
Today's forecast is sunny, with an estimated high of 32 degrees C.
Miss Misato, it's morning already. Today's forecast is sunny, with an estimated high of 32 degrees C.
I just got back from night duty. Spring, Summer, Fall and Winter.
I don't have to go to work until this evening, so please, let me sleep. Spring, Summer, Fall and Winter.
I don't have to go to work until this evening, so please, let me sleep. We never see snow these days...
instead, due to the recent warmth,
I see. I'll go. instead, due to the recent warmth,
We never see snow these days, instead, due to the recent warmth,
aquatic life has been coming back little by little.
Hey, isn't today Thursday? Aquatic life has been coming back little by little.
Hey, isn't today Thursday? As you dive into the sea you can clearly see an abundance of fish.
Take the burnable trash to the garbage, please. As you dive into the sea you can clearly see an abundance of fish.
As you dive into the sea you can clearly see an abundance of fish.
Yes, Ma'am. As you dive into the sea you can clearly see an abundance of fish.
Yes, Ma'am.
It makes me think of catching some for tonight's dinner.
So, how's school? It makes me think of catching some for tonight's dinner.
It makes me think of catching some for tonight's dinner.
Fine. It makes me think of catching some for tonight's dinner.
Oh, okay. Take care. It makes me think of catching some for tonight's dinner.
Oh, okay. Take care. Although the town brings back sad memories, this is a hot diving spot.
Although the town brings back sad memories, this is a hot diving spot.
I'll see you later. Although the town brings back sad memories, this is a hot diving spot.
Although the town brings back sad memories, this is a hot diving spot.
Yes? Hello?
Oh, it's you, Ritsuko.
How's it going? Are you getting along with him?
Him? Oh, Shinji.
Well, he transferred into school two weeks ago and he hasn't changed.
No one ever calls him.
Calls him?
Calls him? Well, since I figured he'd be needing one, I gave him a cellular phone.
Well, since I figured he'd be needing one, I gave him a cellular phone.
I don't think he's ever used it though, or received any calls.
I'm not sure, but I don't think he has any friends.
Well, I would guess that Shinji's not the sort who makes friends easily.
Do you know the fable of the Hedgehog's Dilemma?
Hedgehog? You mean those animals with the spiny hair?
Even though a hedgehog may wish to become close with another hedgehog,
the closer they get, the more they injure each other with their spines.
It's the same with some humans.
The reason he seems so withdrawn is because he's afraid of being hurt.
Well, he's going to have to learn someday that part of growing up
means finding a way to interact with others while distancing pain.
What's up, class rep?
Did you give him the printout I gave you yesterday?
What? Well...
Well, there wasn't anybody home at Toji's place.
Mr. Aida, aren't you Mr. Suzuhara's friend?
Aren't you worried about him?
Do you suppose he's injured?
What? In that robot incident?!
The television report said that nobody was injured!
No way, you saw where the explosion was on Mount Takanosu, didn't you?
There were fighters scrambled from Iruma and Komatsu,
and there were also troops from Misawa and Kyushu.
I'll bet at least ten or twenty people were injured,
and there had to be some killed, too.
Toji!
Suzuhara! Toji!
Suzuhara!
Wow, has the class population dropped or what?
They've all been evacuated or transferred to other schools.
After all, no one wants to stay after that last battle inside the city.
Yeah, you're probably the only one
who's actually enjoying the chance to see a real war.
Yeah, I am. And speaking of which, where have you been, Toji?
Why were you absent so long? Did you get involved in the war?
My little sister did.
She was crushed under a pile of debris.
She survived but she's been in the hospital ever since.
Both my dad and grand-dad are working at the lab,
and there's no way they can leave their posts.
So, if I'm not with her, she's all alone.
That robot's pilot was really dumb! It makes me so angry!
How could he wreck our own city? What was he doing?
About the pilot, have you heard the rumor about the new transfer student?
What transfer student?
Him, over there.
He transferred here while you were absent.
He came right after the incident. Don't you think that's odd?
All rise!
And so, humankind was about to face its greatest trial.
In the last year of the 20th century,
a massive meteor from space slammed into the Antarctic continent.
The continent's ice cap was melted almost instantaneously.
The water level of the oceans increased dramatically,
the Earth was thrown off its axis,
and new, devastatingly abnormal, weather patterns were spawned.
The lives of all living things on the planet were threatened.
Several thousand species and half of the world's human population
were lost in the immediate aftermath.
That was the so-called Second Impact.
The survivors still had to live through the hell
of worldwide economic collapse, ethnic conflicts, and civil wars.
of worldwide economic collapse, ethnic conflicts, and civil wars.
However, it has been fifteen years since then.
In only fifteen years, we have restored ourselves.
This is certainly proof of the human race's resilience, but even more so,
This is certainly proof of the human race's resilience, but even more so,
it is the fruit of the blood, sweat and tears
your fathers and mothers have dedicated to this cause.
What?!
Really?! Oh, wow! Cool!
Really?! Oh, wow! Cool! I lived in Nebukawa at the time, which is underwater now...
Really, the new student was? I lived in Nebukawa at the time, which is underwater now...
Really, the new student was?
Hey, you guys! We're still in class, you know! Sit down now!
Aw, you're always so bossy!
Hey, come on! Forget her!
Now cut that out! Hey, come on! Forget her!
Now cut that out!
Now cut that out! Cool, it's awesome!
Cool, it's awesome!
Well...
Hey, how were you chosen? Well...
Hey, how were you chosen?
Were there any tests?
Weren't you scared? Were there any tests?
Weren't you scared?
Weren't you scared? What's the cockpit look like?
What's the cockpit look like?
Well, I'm not supposed to talk about secret stuff.
Oh, come on! Don't be mean!
Hey, what's the name of the robot?
I don't know much, but everyone calls it Eva or Unit 01.
Eva?
And what's its ultimate attack mode? Eva?
And what's its ultimate attack mode?
And what's its ultimate attack mode? Some kind of vibrating knife.
Some kind of vibrating knife.
An ultra-sonic wave.
That's amazing! We're so proud of you!
Yeah, right! Cool! Yeah.
And thus...
Oh...
That's all for today.
Everybody stand up! Bow! That's all for today.
Everybody stand up! Bow!
Everybody stand up! Bow! Where do you live, Ikari?
Hey, you guys, why don't you at least show some manners at the end? In the older part of the city?
Hey, you guys, why don't you at least show some manners at the end?
Sorry, newcomer, but I've got to beat you up!
I've got to work off my anger.
Sorry, his sister was injured because of the incident.
That's his excuse, anyway.
I didn't pilot it by choice.
We've got an emergency call.
I'll go.
A special state of emergency has been declared
for the Kanto and Chubu regions surrounding the Tokai district.
All residents must evacuate to their designated shelters immediately.
Repeating: A state of emergency has been declared...
NEON GENESIS EVANGELION
The target has been sighted by our cameras.
It's already penetrated into our territorial waters.
Assume battle stations, level one.
Roger, prepare for anti-aircraft interception.
Tokyo 3 transforming to battle formation.
Initiate accommodation of the central block.
Accommodation of central block
and the first through seventh districts has been completed.
Notification of the government and other related ministries, completed.
Present effective rate of anti-aircraft interception: 48.
What's the status of noncombatants and civilians?
We've already received reports that the evacuation has been completed.
Attention elementary school and junior high school students.
Please form groups with your individual classes.
Not again!
Just text messages again? Not again!
Just text messages again?
It's news censorship. They won't show any of it to us civilians.
Even though it's an incredible event.
The fourth Angel would show up while Commander Ikari is away.
It's a lot sooner than we expected.
The last time they gave us a fifteen year break.
This time it's been only three weeks.
They never care about our situation, do they?
They're the type we women hate the most.
It's a waste of the taxpayers' money.
The committee is demanding that we dispatch an Evangelion again.
Oh, they get on my nerves.
If they hadn't asked for it, I'd have mobilized it anyway.
Entry procedure initiated.
LCL oxygenated. Releasing airlock.
Why am I piloting this thing again, even though my father's not here?
Even though I got beat up?
Hey, I need to talk to you, privately, you know?
What for?
Just give me a second, okay? What for?
Just give me a second, okay?
Well, okay.
Class rep!
What?
We've both have to go to the bathroom! What?
We've both have to go to the bathroom!
You were supposed to use the bathroom before you came here.
So, what's this about?
I've got to see it, at least once in my life.
You mean the battle up there?
Nobody knows when the enemy will come the next time. You mean the battle up there?
Nobody knows when the enemy will come the next time.
Kensuke, are you serious?
If we let this opportunity escape us, we may lose it forever!
Please, help me unlock the gate.
But you could get killed if you go out there.
If we stay here in the shelter, who's to say that the risk isn't the same?
If I could be killed anyway, I'd rather see it first.
You idiot. What do you think NERV's for?
And what is NERV's most important weapon?
It's the robot the new kid pilots.
He protected us the other day,
but you hit him pretty hard. Twice!
If he refuses to fight, we're all going to die.
Doesn't that make it your obligation to watch him fight?
Okay, you're not leaving me any options!
You'll do anything to get what you want, won't you?
Shinji, are you ready?
Yes.
Yes. First, neutralize the enemy's AT field, then fire a volley.
First, neutralize the enemy's AT field, then fire a volley.
Do it just like we practiced. Can you handle that?
Yes.
Launch! Yes.
Launch!
Cool! All my efforts really paid off! I've been waiting for this all my life!
Oh! This is it!
There it is!
The AT field has been deployed. Target in the center, pull the switch.
Do it just as planned, okay, Shinji? Target in the center, pull the switch.
Right.
You idiot! You hid the enemy with your own smoke!
I can't believe it! He's already losing!
Not a problem.
I'm sending you a spare rifle. Not a problem.
I'm sending you a spare rifle.
Take it!
Shinji? Hey, Shinji?
Jeez...
Being beaten up must have really messed him up.
Shut up!
The umbilical cable's been snapped off!
Eva has switched to its internal battery power source.
4 minutes, 53 seconds of activation remaining.
It's coming this way!
Shinji, are you all right? Shinji!
Damage report?
No problems detected. He can make it. Damage report?
No problems detected. He can make it.
Shinji's classmates?
What are they doing there?
Why won't he fight?
Because we're here?
He can't move because of us!
Activation time remaining: 3 minutes 28 seconds.
Shinji, let them into the cockpit!
Once you've got them, retreat. We'll start again later!
Do you think unauthorized civilians can be allowed into the entry plug?!
I'm authorizing it.
You're exceeding your authority, Captain Katsuragi! I'm authorizing it.
You're exceeding your authority, Captain Katsuragi!
Unit 01's remaining activation time: 3 minutes.
Hold Eva on your current commands and eject the entry plug. Hurry up!
You two! Get in! Now!
What the... It's water?
My camera! My camera!
Abnormal conditions occurring in the nervous system.
Of course. It's because you've allowed two foreign bodies into the matrix!
They're being detected as noise in the nerve impulse systems!
Retreat! Now!
Utilize recovery route 34, retreat to the east side of the mountain.
Hey, new kid, she said, Retreat!
I mustn't run away. I mustn't run away! New kid?!
I mustn't run away!
Progressive Knife engaged!
Obey my orders, Shinji! You've got to retreat!
Shinji!
That idiot...
Unit 01, activation time remaining: 30 seconds!
28... 27...
26... 25...
14... 13...
12... 11...
10... 9...
Eva Unit 01, activation ceased.
The target is completely silent.
It's been three days.
You mean, since we were chewed out?
No, since he stopped coming to school.
Who's he?
The new kid, of course. Who's he?
The new kid, of course.
I wonder what he's been doing since then?
Are you worried about him?
No, not exactly worried.
Toji, for someone who's so tactless, you're pretty stubborn.
If you had apologized to him back then,
you wouldn't have had to agonize over it for three days.
Here, this is the new kid's phone number.
If you're so worried, why don't you call him?
TO BE CONTINUED...
As the dreary rain pours down,
Shinji, overwhelmed and unable to overcome his weaknesses, runs away from Misato.
The organization brings the aimlessly wandering Shinji back. There we no kind words.
Next Evangelion: Rain, Escape and Afterwards And of course, lots of fan service next time too!
