My beloved Vieira Sensei, it's been 10 fast years since I promised to certainly return to Europe...
But I'm still unable to leaving here at all.
Do you want to be a Conductor, huh?
Then you should quickly just study abroad.
So stupid, aren't you?
To be so scared of planes that you can't get into one...
Wherever you are, it'll just be the same!
If that's the case, all the more
I thought of quitting music.
But...
Do you remember last night?
it seems that in Japan there is an amazing person as well
Nodame wants to be a kindergarten teacher.
There are more things I can still do here
They said that Stresemann is coming to our school!
Such a good thing, just when I am about to submit my request to move to the Conducting Division...
You said you want to form a new student Oke?
Yes. Using the students I chose, MY Oke.
The Members of Stresemann's Specially Organized Orchestra
It can't be! Really? Stresemann!
I'm selected! Me too!
Wonderful, to be in an Oke with Stresemann!
What's this strange standard of selection!
Aren't they all underachievers only?
What's that at the last line?
Mascot Girl
Noda Megumi
Aryaaa?
Mahler's Symphony no 8 conducted by Stresemann
Wasn't I so astounded when I first listened to it?
Wondering what kind of person is this to have conducted Mahler so beautifully...
Who would have thought...
that he is such a dirty old man...
Even so, I want to learn from him...
Even if I wanted to go abroad, I can't go anyway...
This is the only chance I can truly learn from a great master in Japan!
Riho-chan is so cute!
Milch!!
Oh! Nodame-chan!!
Why can't I be the pianist?
Oh...but a pianist can't join an Orchestra...
However being my mascot, you can stay near me all the time.
But Nodame wants to play the piano!!
So you're going to change divisions, Chiaki-kun?
But it's already autumn in your fourth year.
Actually I have been considering this for a long time
finally I could make up my mind.
Today I intend to submit this. (Division Change Request)
Really. So you've been wanting to be a Conductor since a long time ago...
Though for me, it's been fun to watch your progress in piano
Tanioka Sensei, Thank you very much for...
No, don't!!
Senpai, don't change divisiooonsss!!!
Ouch!!!
If you change divisions you can't play the piano with Nodame anymore
We can play together anytime!
We won't be friends in the same Division anymore
I don't get what you mean.
I don't permit your transfer to the Conductor Division
Why?
I don't like you!
You irritate me!
Is there such a reason like that?
Shut up! And one more thing...
You said that you're Vieira's pupil, didn't you?
I don't like him either!
He irritates me!
Is it acceptable for a Professor to reject a student who wants to learn from him just based on a personal feeling?
Naturally! I am the Conducting Professor!
Here I am the THE Rule!
I will show I can change even a Ginza high-class Club into a low-level come-and-touch pub.
Huh???
That being the case, Senpai, completely give up moving to the Conductor Division!!
Trying to attract my Chiaki-Sama, eh?
Noda Megumi! You're on top on my murder list!
bad luck on you, bad luck on you, bad luck on you, bad luck on you...
You are all, for the periodical performance next month,
I, Stresemann, have organized this Special Orchestra...
namely you are all S-Oke Members.
From today we are all a family.
However...to be a real family...
time and effort are very important.
Because of that...
Today all of us...
Let's have a Go-kon! (gokon=party to look for a boyfriend/girlfriend)
Today, if we want to talk about music, let's spend a fun time now!
Let's go!
LET'S GO!!!
Yes!
Gokon?
He probably doesn't know exactly what it means
Seems it's been a while since he was in Japan last
Maybe he means Welcoming Party?
Well, why not, in any case not everybody is here yet...
I'm for Rock!
Oi, what song shall we play for School Festival?
Rather than that, Mine, is it OK for you not to appear in S-Oke?
Eh? No need! Stresemann's nothing.
I am going to live with just Rock!!
Your repeat-exam for violin is next week, isn't it?
You're just playing electric violin all the time, will you be alright?
What if you have to stay the same year?
Just after I asked that Chiaki to be the pianist to accompany you
Is it true that he left you?
No! That was...
Terrible! So unpleasant! I'm going home!
because he's unable to catch up with my sharp feeling!
Isn't there someone artistic, who has more technique, is flexible,
gentle, and can match my sense of feeling?
Who is it? Who cut off the cord?
Ah! There she is!! Nodame! You took my rice ball, didn't you?
Arghhh, just one more bite to reach the filling!
Oi!
So cute!!!
You...are you from Piano Division?
Yes...
Can I ask you to play the piano for my violin exam?
You can't ask just anybody!!
Playing for your exam?
Yes!
Wow, you're selected not only for A-Oke, but also for S-Oke
As expected from a queen of timpani
No way! Who would want to participate, with that Mascot Girl!
Ha?
That was Spring when I was 18..
after coming here to Tokyo with love for music in my heart...
I can't stand it anymore... I want to go home to Yamagata!
Are you okay?
Be careful. Don't wiggle.
Four years later...
I have been just looking at him from afar...
And despite all that...that female... I won't forgive her!!
Notice of withdrawal from school
Senpai!
Do you know Beethoven's Violin Sonata?
Someone asked me to play it but I don't know it well...
What are you writing?
Notice of withdrawal
If I can't change Divisions, I will transfer to a better Academy...
This is a very scary thing!
Oh! Tonight let's enjoy ourselves, just the two of us!
of course with Chiaki Senpai's home cooking...
Gyabo!!
Unable to go abroad, unable to change Divisions...
What should I do from now on?
Terribly messy...
What's this, hmph?
It's PERFECT!
We're in sync straightaway!
Yes, we were in sync even in our mistakes!
Bravo, Nodame! There is SOUL in your piano!
Soul???
Up to now, it's the pianists who have been incapable!
I'll sure pass the exam!!!
Why?
Why is it cheaper to buy 2 fishes?? (1 fish: 200 yen, 2 fishes: 150 yen)
One horse mackerel, please.
OK, thank you.
Tonight let's enjoy ourselves, just the two of us!
No, give me two fishes, please.
That stupid voice...
One Uraken fried rice!
Yes, Dad.
Here's fried rice!
Here's the soup, the fried rice's soup.
How is my Dad's cooking?
A-haunnn...
Really? Yummy?
Nodame can always eat here for free!
Right, Dad?
Well, what can I do, she's your destiny-girl!
Come on, Dad!
No mistake he's a rocker from Violin Division's Rock Band.
So he asked Nodame to play the piano for him.
That female...
She will go anywhere as long as she's fed
Miaow!!
Yuki-chan, do you have...or don't have... a boyfriend, a boyfriend, a boyfriend, do you have a boyfriend?
No, I don't have one!
Wow! He really knows gokon very well!
Even the call is perfect!
She doesn't have! She doesn't have! She doesn't have!
It's been a while to have a quiet night like this...
Omiya, omiya, omiya, omiya for Senpai! (omiya=omiyage, something you bring back as a gift)
Dammit! Making fun of me!
What do you want this late, Garbage Female!?
Saiko!
Just when I came to say sorry for treating you too harshly last time...
Garbage female...you said?
That's too mean!!
No, I didn't mean it's you...
Anyway, get inside, Saiko.
Humph!
So you have a girlfriend?
Nodame Cantabile Lesson 2
Oi! Nodame! Let's practice...let's practice!
Oi, Nodame!
What's wrong?
Where's your soul? Your tamashi?
Love is an illusion...
Brokenheart? Why in times like these? Come on, be strong, my exam is next week!
Dammit! Who is it? I'll help you get him!
I might stay in the same year because of this! I won't let a broken heart put me down!
Chiaki-Senpai...
That's her!
Why can such an ugly girl be the heroine? Incredible!
Isn't that enough? I already heard it many times.
So what? When Shinichi was down I also listened to you, didn't I?
Which one?
The one who is the most shining among them...
How am I supposed to understand such a vague description? Say it more concretely.
Black hair, white shirt...
Black hair, white shirt?
Ah, he just took a sip of his tea
Seriously...you have a bad taste!
How do I have a bad taste?
Well, because he is wearing geeky pants, ..
Senpai never wears geeky pants. Haa, no, this one...this one...
Gehhh! Chiaki? Why do you like such a guy??
So that's Nodame's rival?
You're defeated!
She's Tagaya Saiko, beautiful and intelligent, the Madonna of the Vocal Division!
Having such a good girlfriend, the chance that Chiaki will turn to you is zero!
So that's that, give it up and let's practice, okay?
Practice?
What's the point of practicing? In any case I am going to die anyway...
Haaa?
Just broken heart, you can't possibly die!
This!
It was in my post box today.
What?
If you don't pass this letter on to 100 people within 2 days, you are going to die! from You Die! Committee
Bad-luck letter? At this time?
He must be an idiot, so backward! !!
Please help me write this letter!
Please! Please!
Rather than doing that, don't you recall doing anything that might cause other people to bear a grudge on you?
Could it be because I ate Maki-chan's lunch box?
Or could it be because I stole some food in the campus' dining hall?
Or could it be because in the nearby fish shop I...
Are you a cat?
There's a ghost!
Baka (Stupid)
This is really a classic-type harrassment. it's amazing that it's in such a short range!
I don't know who is doing this, but you deserve it, you had better not eaten out of other people's lunch box anymore.
I can't promise that.
Itadakimasu!
Delicious. You Die Committee
I can't forgive this!
I'll kill him!
When it comes to food, her character changes.
I got you, jerk!
Be still, take off your wig!
Ouch! Ouch! It's real hair, real hair! Get off me!
You're Masumi-chan the timpani player!
Why did you play tricks on me?
Do you mean to disturb my practice?
Don't yell together! It makes my head hurts!
Anyway, you! Noda Megumi!
Don't you come near Chiaki-Sama!
Oh I see!
What is it?
Chiaki-Sama is my Prince!
By just looking at him from afar, he's the Apollo...no...the Sun, that gives me the courage and hope to live.
But...Chiaki Senpai is a man...
So what?
He's that kind of person...
Anything wrong with that?
This being the case, Noda Megumi!
Have a duel with me!
This being the case...what do you mean?
OK I got it, I accept your challenge!
Nono, don't you two think you're having the wrong fighting opponent?
You two, your enemy is Tagaya Saiko, right?
OK, I will fight with timpani!
OK, I'll fight with piano!!
No, there's no such duel! If you want to duel, do it in such a way that's easier to understand!
Hmm...for example...the first one succeeding to have a promise for a date with Chiaki is the winner...
With Chiaki-Sama?
A date??
Ne, Shinichi... Today you're going to accompany me until morning again, are you?
Gimme a break. If you need a listening ear, ask your boyfriend.
Boyfriend?
You have a boyfriend, don't you? That ham-looking guy from the Conductor Division.
Hayakawa-kun?
Come on, he's not my boyfriend...
Moreover, at this time he's in Germany.
I'm going home.
Don't!
I also want to learn conducting.
For the time being what I can do is just to keep studying it by myself.
However hard you study, if you can't study abroad, it's useless... didn't you say so?
It's not that I can't study abroad, it's just I can't get on a plane!
As long as I can go abroad...
Ne...
Shall we get back together again?
We're similar, aren't we?
We're both at this time...
Right! I also hate losers!
Lai, lai, lai, lai, lai Dank..dank..dank..danke scheen!
Oh yeah!
Senpai! Shall we go somewhere on the next off-day?
Ha? Why should I?
As a sign of my gratitude, I want to treat you...
Therefore, on the next off-day
OK, OK, I'll go...
Get off my way!
I did it!
Ohhh...tickets for Czech Philharmonic Orchestra!
Oh, are these for the duel inviting Chiaki?
What if he says no? I'll die, I'll die, I'll die, I'll die... I will end up dying!
Eh? Could it be that you've never talked with Chiaki?
Please, invite him for my behalf.
Please, I beg you!
No way! I won't stoop down to ask him a favor!
Oh no...
Chiaki-kun!
It's been a long time.
You're Violin Division's Miki Kiyora-san...
If I'm not mistaken you were studying abroad...
Yes, I returned in summer...from Vienna
Heeehh... How was it...over there...
A nice place...moreover I had the chance to participate in their Student Orchestra. I learned a lot from it.
Chiaki-kun should also go there even once...
Yes.
Ah, now I'm the Concert Mistress in A-Oke...
won't you come and see us?
A-Oke?
Yes, I have never seen it.
What's happened with you...
What's happened with you, Masumi-chan... Wearing such an outfit, it's not a real performance anyway.
Leave me alone...anything bad to you?
I'm risking my life on this practice...
All of you, don't you dare to goof up, OK!
Why? This is just a practice!
Because...
Let's begin with No 9's 1st movement
Please watch me, Chiaki-Sama.
Okuyama Masumi will convey his strong feeling for you using his timpani.
Chiaki-Sama
please listen...
my strong feeling!
Please...be my friend!!
Stop! Stop!
Timpani!
GET OUT!
A most stupid idiot!
a most stupid idiot a most stupid idiot idiot idiot idiot
Had I listened while closing my eyes it would have been great..
Orchestra is really really nice...
Again I am just watching from afar...
Senpai, which restaurant will be good for our date?
Date? What is it?
Eh? Date is two loving couple going together somewhere...
In other words, the two of us will go to have a meal together
No!
But you promised me last time...
I'm not in such a mood. Leave me alone!
Nodame, this is really bad! Come on, overcome your feeling!
There's only the piano for you, isn't it?
If you can't play the piano well your existence has no worth...
Sorry, I didn't mean to say my true feeling...
True feeling?
Hey, won't you be my girlfriend?
OK, OK, I know, I know...
And why YOU too???
The duel is over, right? so let's practice, I ask you... practice!
I want to see Senpai!
I want to eat Senpai's home-cooking!
Capri Something...Broccoli Something...
Did Chiaki cook for you?
Could it be because he has some pulse for you?
pulse?
A guy wouldn't have cooked for a girl he dislikes!
It may still be worth trying
Chiaki is a guy, too, after all, use all your woman's weapons!
Woman's weapon?
Yes!
How about this?
That's old, and weird!
And don't you have any sexy dress? and also make-ups?
How about this?
Marilyn Monroe was like this, wasn't she?
Why Marilyn Monroe?
Don't cry!
I am laughing...
Give it to me!
Can't you do even a little bit make-ups at your age?
A little bit softer...
put foundation lightly all over
the eyebrows should be thin...
the eyes should be big...
the cheeks and lips should be pink and fresh...
This way Senpai will be attracted, won't he?
Sure!
Oi! What are you people doing?
He came!
To see me?
Senpai! I've wanted to see you!
Do you feel falling in love?
Gyabo!
What are you doing making such a noise in the middle of the night?
No, I am just helping them to make you love them, and this is the result...
Stop making fun of me!
Who can fall in love with a female like her?
And moreover...
this one! he's a man, isn't he!
a man, isn't he! a man, isn't he! a man, isn't he!
That's too much!
Yes! That's mean!
You're the ones being mean!
And what's that earlier music playing?
That's noise! Disturbing your neighbors!
Wait a minute!
You... You seriously think you're good at violin?
Of course!
I once won third place in the National Junior Competition!
Because of that people call you Whizz Kid etc and you got a mistaken conception. This often happens.
Let me borrow your violin for a moment.
Ha?
Beethoven, Spring. Just a little is enough, OK?
Senpai is amazing! Wonderful! Wonderful!
Speaking of a junior competition, I also once won First Prize in Vienna.
Vienna? First Prize?
I wouldn't mind teaching you a little
I don't need your instruction!
Wonderful! Wonderful! I'm feeling in love...
You two, if you don't know the piece, why don't you listen to CD!
Heee...I feel good... it's totally different from the one he played with me
This is Spring. What you two play is Rainy Season (he is being sarcastic)
That is what is called...
Masturbation Play
the meaning is self-satisfying
Huh?
Then...Mine-kun doesn't understand ensemble!
You're not listening to the sound of the piano!
Playing just to express your own feeling!
Don't pay too much attention to techniques!
Heee...That's all, four in all! Those are advice from Nodame!
It's Chiaki, right?
He's looking down on me.. That's why I hate classical music!
Be it rhythm, be it pitch...the piece must be accurate according to technique, technique!
However hard one tries to express the music according to oneself, by only one mistake he will be regarded as intermediate level
On top of that, a joker like Chiaki will suddenly appear, extinguishing my enthusiam
A joker? Chiaki Senpai?
Yes! He's from the Piano Division, but he's excellent at violin too. That's no fair!
Well, Chiaki-Senpai is a genius.
Don't dismiss what I said like that!
I must be playing badly, I must have no talent!
Mine-kun...but Chiaki-Senpai didn't say even a word that Mine-kun plays badly.
He said the way you express music is interesting...
He said you're not good at Ensemble yet he said you're good at Solo...
Only a person like him...will suddenly catch something...
That's what he said!
Chiaki-kun!
Therefore, let's practice together!
This is a very pleasant piece, Spring
the image is of a flower field...
Gimme a break
It is rude to Beethoven to have such a childish image of a flower field
So what image should it be?
the joy and lightning of the shining youth... perhaps...
Heee??
I'm not in a situation to take care of other people, am I?
Oh... isn't it Chiaki-kun?
It's me, it's me, the secondly famous in Conductor Division, Ookouchi Mamoru
Pretty bad for me, although Stresemann came here, he's only busy with S-Oke
While Hayakawa-kun has recived guidance from Sebastiano Vieira, you know!
Eh?
Eh? Score?
Why you?
Errr, your trousers, which brand are they?
S-O S-Oke, S-O S-OKe, Viola, Horn, Kontrabass!
Bien! Bravo!!
By the way, who are you?
I'm Kawano from Monthly Magazine Classic Life's
Please let us interview you
This is definitely suspicious...
He is Stresemann?
Could he be an impostor?
Bravo!!
What's your name?
Gelharm Public Seminar
Future Conductors; having lecture from Sebastiano Vieira's. Mr. Hayakawa, a student from Japan
What's that...hmph...
Nodame!
What the heck are you doing?
Oi!
OI!
OI! Today is the first piano accompaniment, isn't it!
What did you eat?
I caught a cold
Right...why do you always wear such thin clothes?
It's already autumn, now!
I want to fight using sexiness...
Nodame caught a cold??
Anyway I already brought her here. Here she is!
Heh? Wrapping her around like a caterpillar...what am I supposed to do?
How would I know?
Be grateful that I brought her here!
She said if the Prince kisses her, she will recover
I give up...
I will play the piano for you.
Without practice?
Masumi-chan?
Why such a luggage?
Kiyora
I am... thinking of going home to Yamagata..
Wait! Although Masumi-chan got kicked out of A-Oke, you still have S-Oke!
What's the big deal? Just because you're rejected by a guy you're really going to quit?
I see.
So your love for music is just this much.
Ehhh...he's good! Why does he take repeat-exam?
That's Nakamura from A-Oke
It's because he took a private lesson in Germany so he missed the exam last time
Dammit! Why is my turn after his?
Germany? Hmph, we'll definitely beat him!
Impossible to beat him. We have never even once practised together!
Humph! At least I'm better than that piano!
It's good, isn't it...to be rewarded even without making any effort... can even talk big as well!
Huh?
I'll tell you, since 3 years old I have been learning piano and violin constantly
Especially violin, before I entered the Academy I practiced it from morning till night everyday
I practiced it so very hard, I could have vomitted blood
In fact I also want to learn other instruments
but my piano was still no good
that's why I entered Piano Division in the Academy
Well, thanks to learning it seriously I managed to be on top
now perhaps I'm a little bit neglectful
Oi, halfway it turned into a boasting story!
In the end, what is it you wanted to say?
In the end...
to become a Conductor is my dream
That's why although I am studying various things
I haven't been rewarded by anything either
Next! Mine-kun!
Let's go! Today don't be bothered by techniques and details
Eh?
However, listen carefully to Ore-Sama's (my) sound
Other than that, do it as you'd like to
The joy and lightning of shining youth...
Ooh...but it's Spring...
As soon as I told him to do as he pleases, he became himself
As usual he's so sloppy
but I'll show I can adjust to him...
Wow, amazing...he came when I want him to come...
Chiaki is directing it... I can set my mind at peace...
I feel good!
Aaahh... He's also a Nodame
Beethoven Violin Sonata No 5 Spring
Although he had to contend with deafness, Beethoven never gave up music
and composed cheerful and happy pieces
after the hard and harsh Winter passes...
finally the warm Spring will come...
I wonder if Spring will also come to me...
a flower field...
As expected...
Where are you going?
The duel is not over yet!
Nodame
Oi, Mine! Mine! Mine!
Wait, look, look, look!
I got a job offer from a game company
Yaa...as I thought, it's good that I'm into computer music
Ah, your exam is OK, isn't it?
Let's play in our Band!!
Has it been decided yet? The song to play in School Festival?
Sorry...
I'm going to disband our Band
Ha??
I'm going to live with Classic!
Chi...chi...Chiaki-Sama...
I'm going to try it once more...
Good, as long as you don't dance again...
Hai!
Talking about S-Oke, is it true that Stresemann denied your request to change divisions?
How boring it would be!
Eh?
I was thinking that if you transfer to the Conductor Division it will take longer time to your graduation
This way, after your graduation you'll go to Europe, right?
Eu-eu-Europe?
You have talent and connection, there's no reason for you not to study abroad, is there?
Heh?
Is there?
No, there isn't!
Arghhh... Just when I was looking forward to playing in the Orchestra Chiaki conducted...
What am I doing?
OUCHHH!
Senpai studying abroad?...no.no...
Oi! What??
Where are we going?
Milch!!!
Milch! You're Nodame's friend, aren't you?
Let Chiaki Senpai move to Conductor Division!
Request to Change Divisions Please let me enter Conductor Division Chiaki Shinichi
Nodame!
Please!
I got it! You win!
If Nodame-chan kisses me, I will approve Chiaki's Division change.
You didn't lose at all, after all!
Kissing is no big deal in the west. That's why I said you win.
With a kiss, change Divisions No kiss, no change of Divisions
Parting with Senpai? No more being close next door?
Going to Europe or kiss?
What should I do?
So late, that kuso-jiijii! (rude way of calling an old man)
Didn't he say that as soon as everybody's here the practice will begin?
And you're all stinking of alcohol!
As I thought, it is strange!
He must be an impostor!
Hmm...yes...
somehow in this Oke, everybody seems not very good at music...
Ahhh...the room is filled with stinking breaths!
What is he doing, that Jiijii!!
I can't stand it anymore, sorry but I'm going home!
Me too...I'll go home! Let's go home!
WAIT A MINUTE!
We'll practice! LET'S PRACTICE!!
Nodame?
What? Is Mascot Girl going to conduct?
Milch is taken by a sudden illness
Today this person will conduct!
CHIAKI-SAMA!!!
Kyaaa! Chiaki-Samaaa!
Chiaki!
Sync: NIZ
Airhead (German and Italian Proofreader)
Auroragb (Official Uploader)
Bugsie (Uploader)
DarkWarrior (Uploader)
Densetsu86 (Typesetter)
Dorakura (Classical Music Advisor, Spot Translator)
Houko (German Proofreader)
Mwulf (Uploader)
Nadesico (French Proofreader)
Punkednoodle (Nodame Cantabile Manga Advisor)
Seghal (Re-timer, German Proofreader)
Siantut (Translator, Timer, Encoder)
Sukachu (English Editor)
Special thanks to MHFans (RAW), Tianj, Gryzze, Ruroshin
This video/softsubs is NOT to be commercialized
You can get it free at d-addicts.com
Thank you, everyone, for watching
See you!
