This is a BETA version
Enjoy watching! I love you all!
When the timer goes off, please open your eyes
When you open your eyes, you will forget all you
have said and experienced while your eyes were closed
Are you still daydreaming, Kiyora!?
What's your hand doing?!
Quickly decide when to do our repeat-performance, as we have to begin practicing again.
Repeat-performance? Are you really sure we can do it?
Of course! Didn't you read the newspaper?
Nope
Master! Nope
Master!
Hai-yo!
This!
Rising Star is well received.
Yaaa, I didn't expect that we can gain profits..
We should do it again!
Yosh! Let me contact all of them!
Repeat-performance?
Sure, let's do it!
What? Repeat-performance? Sure!
Ah, it's fine with me but next time let me perform cello concerto!
What are you talking about!
With that in mind, I'm already working on it now!!
Repeat-performance Decided!!
Why??
Why am I here in such a place?
Ha? Why? But didn't you suddenly call me, saying that you wanted to eat ramen?
Now Senpai's not afraid of going by airplane anymore.
Please try it
As a starter...
what about going to Hokkaido?
And by the way, why must it be Hokkaido? Is there something else?
No..nothing..
Seriously, just to eat ramen we're going to Hokkaido??
Wah, the way of thinking of the RICH is different!! But I feel bad, that you're taking me too. Hm?
Because it's dangerous to go alone, isn't it!
Ha?
But two guys going to Hokkaido, hmm... Ha?
But two guys going to Hokkaido, hmm...
Somehow it is odd, isn't it?
That's why if we took Masumi too, it would be odd!
Masumi-chan! Just when we were talking about him!
E-eh, what are you doing?
You yourself, what are you doing!!
Why didn't you turn off your cell phone?!!
The waves can affect the plane, what if the plane falls down?
I'll turn it off when entering the plane!
No! Turn it off NOW!
We are announcing the latest information for Japan Sky Airlines to Sapporo Flight no 733. Passengers are asked to come aboard...
Eh? Your face is so pale!
Don't you feel well?
Nnn...no
Oh really?
Okay let's go! Let's go eat ramen! Ramen!
Excuse me. Let me check your seatbelts. Excuse me...
No, please don't worry about us
We're really not is such relationship...
What are you doing! You're making me feel very uncomfortable!
The plane will take off soon...
Are you okay??
Are you okay??
Calm down!
Take off!
Roger!!
Chiaki!!!
Chiaki!!
Chiaki!!!
Chiaki!!
Chiaki..
You'll be fine
Please try it
Now Senpai's not afraid of going by plane anymore
Nodame Cantabile Lesson 9
Please do not distribute this softsubs.
So I did fly across that sky, didn't I?
Now I...
can go anywhere!
I can go abroad now!
Chiaki!!
Everybody wants Rising Star's autograph (somebody mailed/called him)
Huh?
An everlasting orchestra!
This is a big step in my plan.
Let's do our best, Chiaki!
Yes
Yosh! Let's do sightseeing straightaway! Yes
Yosh! Let's do sightseeing straightaway!
Actually it's my first time in Hokkaido
Ah! As we're here, let's stay overnight!
If we stay overnight here, we can eat...
Crabs...
Heh?
Let's buy crabs and go home...Crabs...
Where do they sell crabs here? Crabs...
Oi! But we were going to that direction!
Oi, Chiaki! It's ramen that you came here for, isn't it?!
Crab...
Please buy a lot of crabs for Nodame...
horsehair crabs
snow crabs 6000 yen/box
Huah!! snow crabs 6000 yen/box
8000 yen/box Huah!!
Huah!!
If possible, I also want to eat a few sea urchins
Sea urchins!
Huehhh??
Sea urchins!!! 15.000 yen/box
EEEk!!!
Then, also ramen and yubari melon and...
Shiroi Aijin...(White Lover chocolates) (the joke: changing Koibito to Aijin, and the meaning became negative in nuance!)
Kiyora, sorry that I am poor...
Eh? Shinichi flew by plane?
Yes
Was he alright with it?
It's the first time Shinichi said by himself that he was going go to by plane...
It is thanks to this girl, isn't it?
King Crabs
Purple Sea Urchins (expensive)
Eh?
Scallops (in the brown bag)
Chiaki Senpai
To Chiaki Senpai
Since I'll be away for a while, please water this kid for me. (=plant in the pot)
LOVE Nodame
Nodame?
Noda
Nodame's staying at Harisen's house??
Yes
She said as she couldn't come here for a while, she came to return the accumulated plates...
bzzz...bzzz...bzzz (=it stinks in here!! Urghh!)
Oh, Chiaki-san..
thank you for taking care of Ryuutaro in Hokkaido
but he said sorry
that he didn't buy
King Crabs
Actually I love crabs very much..
Excuse me
Eto
A piece embodying the love between Senpai and me...
Oi! No such thing!
Where's Schubert? Beethoven?
Going to sleep again? After eating so much breakfast??
Wake up! Come on!!
Eh? What was it?
The piece for the first stage of competition!
Didn't I tell you to choose between Schubert and Beethoven??
Ah, right... Umm..the piece to play in the competition, isn't it?
Ah, I choose this one!
Schumann
It's Schubert!!
Eh? Oops, you're right!
Oi, you! Do you seriously want to do it??
Of course! Very much!!
I already practiced it too in preparation!
I'll play it rightaway.
Incredible
So she really studied hard
But...
Nodame...will participate in competition!
Yoroshiku onegaishimasu!! (=used when asking a favor, kindness, teachings etc)
Though I was glad she said it on her own will,
but why so suddenly...?
Phew!
Phew??? It was sloppy halfway!!
How was it? Can I win with that?
Win??
Win, you said? Do you mean you want to win 1st place?
Yes
Yes??
You didn't take lessons properly until just a short while ago,
how could you possibly win 1st place??!
Competitions are not such an easy thing!
Especially the time you spent for preparation is short!
This participation now is just for an experience to prepare you for next year!
Next year will be too late.
Huh?
Is there anyone
who entered a competition in order to lose?
Especially this Maradonna Piano Competition
will give 2.000.000 yen as the Prize!
On top of that, it will give scholarship to study abroad for the the one winning the 1st place!
Could it be that it was the reason why you...
CERTAINLY I am going to win 2.000.000 yen!!
ARE YOU STUPID??!
to enter a competition with money as the target??!
That amount is enough to go to Europe, isn't it?
Europe??
That's enough to follow Senpai, isn't it?
Competition...
I have to do my best...
I can't believe this!
Nodame's really in Harisen's house...
Actually what does she have in mind?
Oh no...are you peeping or something?
AAA Chiaki-kun??
AAA...yes you're really Chiakun!! It's been a long time!
Yaaa..you're handsome as usual!
Kaori-san too, you have not changed...
What's up? Did you come here to become my husband's pupil again?
No, not at all...
Ack!! What are those? Crabs? Omiyage? For me? (=gifts from a trip)
Yes. I went to Hokkaido for a short trip...
These are omiyage
For me? All of them?
This evening, please eat them TO-GE-THER with the others.
Thank you
Is Sensei giving in-training again?
Yes. And it has been a while since he was so enthusiastic...my husband.
That pupil is going to take part in Maradonna Piano Competition, it seems..
Eh? Maradonna?
Yes, until the competition is over, she will stay with us to have special training, it seems.
Ah, for in-training like this, she's the only one beside Chiaki-kun, isn't she?
Therefore I wonder if she's really an excellent student?
Nodame's in competition?
Booboo! Nodame's in competition?
Nodame won't participate in any competition.
Nodame will be a kindergarten teacher
Why...when she hated it so much before.
That's Schubert's Sonata...Hmm?
Somehow it's an odd Schubert, isn't it?
It's messy...
She's not a piano player made for competitions
It's true that her sound and technique are very good,
and I also understand Harisen's feelings, but...
Ack!
Don't play it so sloppily!!
It is becoming like Chopin now!!
You just need to change the scale!
I wonder if Harisen can fix this weak point of hers
Excuse me, I'll go home now
Eh? Already going home? Eh, let's eat the crabs together!
No...I don't want to disturb all of you.
Oh really...
Good bye..
Nobody knows until she does it
The most important is..
if Nodame seriously wants to play the piano,
perhaps it is good to trust Harisen to coach her.
There are 44 messages
Ha??
Chiaki-Sama, Masumi here. Where are you now?
Chiaki-Sama, Masumi here. Where are you now?
Chiaki-Sama, Masumi here!!
Chiaki-Sama, Masumi here...
Chiaki-Sama...Masumi here...
Chiaki-Sama...
Chiaki-Sama..
Dammit! Chiaki-Sama...
Chiaki-Sama...
Chiaki-Sama...
Chi...Chi...Chiaki...Chi...Chiaki...Chi...Chiaki...
Shinichi. Mother here.
If you're listening to this message, it means you've returned home safely, haven't you?
Congratulations
Now you can go to Europe, right?
Kozo-san, Nodame-chan, dinner's ready!
Wow! Wow! Crabs?
Why so many???
They're from a VERY handsome boy...for me!
Ha?
No, I was just kidding. It's Chiaki-kun.
That Chiaki-kun brought them here
Eh? Why Chiaki-kun?
No idea...but he said they're omiyage.
Senpai, so you went to Hokkaido...
So these are gifts for his girlfriend, eh?
Eh, girlfriend???
Well, he's a guy that can do the unexpected
But I wonder what will become of him in the future...
The next public performance of Rising Star?
For the time being we're still preparing it
Yoroshiku onegaishimasu!
Did you see it already?
The Culture page of Oshiuri Newspaper!
The column of the music critic whom I respect: Okawa Soutaro Sensei!
I saw it already!
He contacted our Editorial Section eagerly
asking when Rising Star will do the repeat-performance.
Wow!
As I thought, I had not made a wrong judgement!
Sakuma-san? Hm?
Sakuma-san, I understand how you feel, but please hurry-up with your own draft.
Oh the stars that keep shining in the stark stark darkness,
You are now...
personally sending forth your light, that even the Dawn has come out to meet you!
Aaa, in the light of the ever-glaring sun, you're sending even more shining light!
Hirano-san, there's a call for you on phone 2!
Hai!
It's from someone called Elise-san.
Eh??
Don't make your own music!!
Play it according to the score! Play each note one by one accurately!
Hai
Listen to this... Hai
Listen to this...
In a competition, you must NEVER do such things as increasing the sounds or composing your own music,
because it will mean that you do not understand neither the piece nor the composer
Especially this piece for the first stage is
merely used for dropping off the participants after obeserving how they play the basic technique.
Don't do unnecessary things,
because we have no time left anymore
Sensei...
Is it true that there is dirty money in competitions?
Dirty money?
Like for example, the pupils of the Juries are favored to win,
or sending oseibo to the Juries... (=year-end gift)
and inside the oseibo box, there is some money hidden at the side...is it true?
Don't you have kone, Eto Sensei? (=connection to bribe or ask favor)
Won't it be better to send oseibo to them quickly now?
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING OF??!!
In Maradonna Piano Competition, the performers are known only by numbers,
their names and from what music academies they come from are completely unknown
and most of the Juries are foreigners!!
How could anyone possibly send them oseibo??!!
If that's the case..
we can't use bribery, can we?
Your heart is ALL BLACK, isn't it??
If nobody can cheat, then it's fine with me!
I don't worry anymore! I'll continue practising now!
Don't worry anymore??
Does she think that if no one cheats, then she can win the 1st place?
Where on earth does that self-cofidence come from??
Earlier, until where have I practiced?
Mostly, you...
don't like Schubert at all, do you?
So why did you choose Schubert for the first stage?
Why?...Somehow...umm...
It's like wanting to try dating the type of guy whom I have never dated before...
Yes, that kind of feeling!
ARE YOU STUPID??!!
DATE A GUY WHOSE TYPE YOU HAVE DATED BEFORE!!
Schubert seems to be a difficult person,
even after I tried my best to talk to him, we can't be good friends yet
For my lunch today, I had crab omelette.
Nodame..
So she has keitai? (=cellular phone)
Is it from Megumi-chan?
Huh?
No.
It's okay.
Don't mind me.
For a wonderful girl like her, it's impossible that she doesn't have a boyfriend yet.
Wonderful?
Kuroki-kun, don't you think that you have misunderstood something?
But you two are dating, aren't you?
No..
Since some time ago, definitely there's a big misunderstanding here!
You don't have to wor...
Chiaki-Sama!! Chiaki!!
Chiaki!! Oh no, it has come to this!
Ha?
Please let us join this Oke!
Huh??
We saw your performance, and were very impressed.
I graduated from Morimitsu Music Academy, and for the time being I play...(trombone??)
Wait a minute..
Why are you two there?
Ah, excuse me!
I'm a fourth-year student at Momogaoka Music Academy: Clarinet player Tamaki!
I'm Oboe player Hashimoto!
I'm number 2 in this Academy...
Is it true that your jobs are already decided?
We will certainly come to practice!
Please, Chiaki!!
Please!!
I'm like an indispensable thing so I don't have to worry!
What are you saying!
It's impossible that there'll be a vacant position for Conductor!
This Rising Star orchestra
will be eternal in the future, because there is Chiaki-Sama as the Conductor!
Right?
Alright! Then let's have an audition for everybody! Okay?
Yes! Hai!!
No, I have not said anything about agreeing to have a repeat-performance...
By now you can't say that anymore!
Huh??
It's decided that on December 25th,
at Suntory Hall, our Rising Star Orchestra
will perform Christmas Performance!!
Suntory Hall?? (=famous Hall in Tokyo)
Well, we match, you know! *smooch*
It's not for you to say that.
It's Kawano-san who arranged it for us
It seems that Classic Life doesn't mind to become our sponsor.
Even so, that is a great Hall in Japan!!
It accomodates 2000 people, I think
Impressive, isn't it? We're aspiring to be the number one in Japan
no, the number one in the world, aren't we?
I ask you, Official Conductor!
Yes, because Chiaki-kun is the most important in Rising Star
Hello?
Hello, Chiaki-kun? Big news!
It seems that stresemann is in Japan now!
Ha?
It seems that he dropped by Japan while doing his world concert tour,
and they said he was missing again from his hotel
so I thought that perhaps he might be going out to see you, Chiaki-kun
Hello?? Chiaki-kun?
Maestro!
That's Stresemann???
The real thing??
WOW! Stresemann???
Master and pupil! A touching reunion?
Chiaki
Maestro...
Chiaki!
Come!
Chiaki,
why didn't you send me Nagaoka Mami's Photo Book?
Ha?
eventhough I have reminded you by letter so many many times!
Could it be that you came here now just in order to say this?
TO IU WAKE DE!! (=because of that, therefore, etc)
all of you,
today, after a long while,
Lai, lai lai lai lai, lai lai lai lai, Rising Star!
You, what did you come here for, actually?
Chiaki
How's Nodame-chan doing?
Nodame is now undergoing intensive training for competition
Oh, Nodame-chan in competition?
I have no idea what has caused her to have a change of nerves.
Chiaki...could it be...
that you're able to go out of Japan now?
Why is that...
If that's so,
then come to Europe right now. (he should say go)
I will return to Europe next week
Chiaki too, please come together with me!
Next week?...So sudden..
It's not sudden.
There will be a Conducting Competition in Vienna next year
Chiaki must prepare for it!
There's no time left
Chiaki should quickly, even if just a minute,
experience the music of the world.
You should feel the music of the world!
But, I still have the Oke's repeat-performance to do...
Don't always oppose
whatever your Master tells you!
Whatever your Master says... is absolute!
I wish I could change this Schubert piece..
I wonder if I can remember it...
I'll take a little break...
Is Schubert really a difficult person?
Don't just talk about yourself. Listen to the other party too!
Face the score seriously upfront
Chiaki Senpai...
If you don't face music seriously
you can't enjoy music from the heart
In your condition now, you can't be together with Chiaki
Face the score seriously upfront!
Now, from where should I start...
From here..
Here...
Make it a bit louder..
then quickly make it softer...
tempo!
forte...piano!
forte... piano!
Accento! Crescendo!
Accento..
Eh?? There is one sound too many...
Change of key??
Eh?? Where was it...
For the next, is it supposed to go up, or go down?
Where is it now...?
The fourth measure of the chord is wrong!
Ah, right...
Once more please, from the start..
Be careful with the modulation!
Hai!
One sound by one sound, there should not be any meaningless sound.
Right? Can you see it? The picture of this piece...
Maradonna Piano Competition Hall for the First Stage
Up to now, it's not sloppy!
I hope she will keep it up till the end.
Wonderful...
That girl...in just a sudden..
O'Claire Sensei!
Finally there's someone performing wonderfully!
Chiaki Senpai!
Nodame..
Senpai, Nodame passed the first stage of the competition.
And then...I love you.
In any case I want to convey it directly to you.
Well, it's the first stage, so there's nothing to celebrate...
but I don't mind cooking for you for a while.
No, it's okay
Huh?
Nodame has to return to Eto Sensei's house again to practice the second stage
I am sorry to make you feel lonely.
I am not lonely!
But
the crabs were delicious!
Thank you.
When will Senpai go to Europe?
Huh?
When will it be? Will it be around spring?
Senpai, what's wrong?
No..
Could it be that you don't want to go anymore?
I'll go!
I'll go, but...
But what?
Now there is the Oke,
so I will think about it some time later
Some time later??
Don't bother, it is unrelated to you, is it?
More than that, you...
concentrate on your own matters.
Since it's good that now you want to participate in competitions.
It's not unrelated to me.
Eh?
You told me to aim higher,
yet you are talking frivolously now.
I have various things to do
Besides, the Oke's repeat-performance is already decided
If I suddenly go, everybody will be inconvenienced.
Don't say lukewarm things blaming it on others!
Senpai has talent, and there are a lot people admitting it..
Senpai is...
someone who's supposed to go out into the world,
Don't whine!!
You sound like a man with a small asshole!!!
Listen, from now on, it is competing against time!
By the time of the final selection, you'll have to finish mastering this difficult piece!
Well, well...don't worry.
You don't need to think about the final selection now.
In any case, for the 2nd stage,
practice Chopin's Etude and Debussy's L'isle joyeuse
I have learned Chopin's Etude in the past
In the past??
I think I remember it...
Okay you can play it
So she can play this kind of piece already,
Megumi-chan is so amazing!
Amazing!!
Bravo!
This girl is not only talented,
she owns something that can move other people's hearts.
something that can even make that Chiaki buy those crabs for her.
Maybe she can do it!
What are you doing? When I am treating you for a nice dinner.
I remember a bad memory of the past...
Don't remember such a thing!!
Well, well, Kozo-san! Today is the winning celebration for your two pupils.
Yes, very good! You really did it well!
It pays that you prepared it since last year.
Thank you. But Sensei, Noda-san is also wonderful!
That Schubert! She already has fans now, I feel.
Would you like to eat this? (can't catch the food's name)
If it's about technique, it was a close fight with that number 21 boy, wasn't it?
Number 21?
Ahh...Segawa Yuuto?
Ah! Segawa?
He already won Oshiuri Competition while he was still in High School,
and after that he seemed to be studying abroad.
Everybody must be thinking that he's the best candidate to win.
Eh...if he is that excellent,
then why didn't he participate in bigger competitions in the world?
Number 21, Segawa Yuuto??
Dec 25: R*S Suntory Hall
Tonorrow I'll be returning to Europe.
Chiaki too, come together with me.
Don't whine!
You sound like a man with a small asshole!!!
The crabs were delicious
The 2nd stage starts from 3 o'clock
Aren't you going to see it?
I have my own things to do
What a cold boyfriend!
I'm not her boyfriend.
Even without me, she can already do wonderful things by herself, can't she?
You, don't you know the reason why she participates in this competition?
Huh?
She is seriously...
wanting to win ist place in the final selection!
Ha?
She intends to study abroad together with you.
She wants to catch up with you,
and with that determination, she managed to come to this stage now.
Stupid girl!
Claude Debussy L'isle joyeusse
Nodame-chan, if you don't start to prepare now, you'll be late!
Hello, Chiaki?
Have you decided yet?
Yes!
I'll go to Europe.
But..
I cannot go with you right now.
I will do...
what I am supposed to do, then I will go.
After the Christmas performance of Rising Star is over,
I will go to Europe..
You developed for the better, didn't you?
Okay I understand. In return, for your last performance...
I won't forgive
half-heartedness.
His performance
was good, wasn't it? Yes!
What do you think, O'Claire Sensei?
Nodame-chan, you should put make-ups properly!
Arghh...
Otherwise, your face is upstaged by your dress!
You're wearing a pretty dress, so you must be pretty too!
And do something with your neguse hair! (=the state of hair after sleeping)
Ack! Always keeping such a face!?
Imagine more enjoyable things!
Like feeling good being in love!
Feeling good being in love?
Yes. Debussy himself...
went for a vacation to an island in the South with his girlfriend
and composed this L'isle joyeusse in great happiness (=The Island of Happiness)
Feeling good being in love?
Mail arriving: Zero
Feel good, feel good, feel good...feeling in love!
Hey! What are you doing?!! Hurry up!!
Hai!
Your Chopin should be perfect, OK? Impress them with your technique right from the first piece!
If you play just as you usually do, certainly you'll pass the 2nd stage!
Megumi-chan?
As I thought, you're Megumi-chan.
Wow, she can play this kind of piece already!
Megumi-chan is amazing!
Yuuto-kun...
Oi!
Oi, hurry up!!
Soon the the 3rd part will start.
To the guests in the Lobby, please return to your seats.
Nodame-chan, will she be okay?
Yes, she will.
O'Claire Sensei!
The next one will be that girl!!
Neguse Dress?? (=the girl with neguse hair in a dress)
Pardon??? (, she didn't get it)
So first it will be Chopin...
With Etude, they will judge the technique and the accuracy.
So she can play it properly?
You!! (stupid!)
What's this...
such a messy play...
Nodame?
Why does she seem to hate playing it?
Is such a thing like this possible to happen?
Why didn't you do it as I told you?!
This hand is wrong!! This hand!!
Do it as I told you!! You!!
OUCH!
It's all over.. (she won't pass)
A Final Version will be released
