Would you go to Europe together with me?
Why do I have to study to the point of doing all those things?
Really, playing the piano on that stage,
didn't you enjoy it?
No, I didn't enjoy it.
OK, I understand.
It's enough.
What's wrong with playing the piano freely and in the way I enjoy it?
Fukuoka Prefecture, Okawa Town
Noda
Kanpai!!
It's been a long time since the whole family is here to make a toast like now, isn't it?
It's been two years since Megumi returns home, isn't it?
I thought you would return home sooner, you know.
I hope she didn't just play around in Tokyo!
She never had to stay another year in the same grade, which means she was doing her best!
You're good, very good! Very good, very good!
I wonder what Megumi wants to do, next year.
This way or that way,
unless she goes to education school for teaching, she can't get a usual job in education, can she?
Therefore she can't be a kindergarten teacher. It's a certainty that Onechan is our family's bad debt!
Bbb...bad debt?!!
Bad debt?! What are you talking about!!
Yes, Yoshitaka! Don't say such a thing to your Onechan!!
But since a long time ago it is only for Onechan that the money goes...
paying a lot of money to let her study in a music academy,
in the end it can't be used to get a job, isn't it a complete bad debt??!
Wait a minute, what would have been left if we had taken piano away from Megumi?
if it was a usual University, perhaps she wouldn't be be able to enter...
That's right!
If she gets a degree from a music academy,
the society will look at her as an Ojousan who graduates from a music academy! (ojousan/ojousama=a well-bred daughter of a well-to-do family)
And who knows, perhaps she can marry someone (from an elite family)...
That's impossible!!
Thank you for the meal.
Megumi, you won't eat anymore?
Megumi-chan..
I wonder if Megumi-chan is not alright?
Originally she's never alright, isn't she?!
Thinking about it, yes she is acting strange...
Since Megumi returned home, she never plays the piano, not even once...
Christmas Concert 2006 The Rising Star
Sorry to make you wait
This is Rising Star's Christmas Concert Memorial Set-Menu!
Chiaki-san, do you want to have it too?
Club House Sandwich and coffee, please.
Hai...
So, how was it about that matter with the Conductor?
Oh!
Just as Chiaki-kun has selected, I went to have a talk with Matsuda-san.
He's very much interested in Rising Star.
Really...
So the Christmas Concert will be your last conducting in Japan...
I'm looking forward to seeing it.
Itadakimasu! (=a greeting before you eat)
Sakuma-san
Um?
Thank you for various things.
The information you gave has been a great help too.
Good!
Um...
Eh?
Though I feel glad that you have trust in my ability...but why do you always help... Eh?
Though I feel glad that you have trust in my ability...but why do you always help...
Just like Brahms, who had excellent people with the instructor roles like Cossel and Joseph,
for a musician to have his name written in history, he doesn't only needs talent,
but he also needs an important deai with another. (=meet a new friend, partner, etc)
I also wish to be one of the persons with such a role.
Sakuma-san...
Take good care of your deai with me too, okay?
Huh?
The deadline for your draft is 30 minutes ago!
Ah...Hai!
Hot...hot...it's hot!
When he was younger, Sakuma-san also aimed to be a musician, you know!
Either to be a pianist, or a conductor.
Just like Chiaki-kun now.
Eh?
For a musician to have his name written in history, he doesn't only needs talent,
but he also needs an important deai with another.
Then does it mean that he didn't get a good chance?
No. It seems that he has no talent in music.
Eh?
That's why all the more...
Alright...
praying for the efforts of all the new members, and for the success of the Christmas Concert...
ah, I almost forget...
the future activities of Chiaki who's going to go abroad...
KANPAI! Kanpai!!!
Chiaki-Sama, umm...thank you...
for inviting us here...
You haven't forgotten us, have you?
Well, no, it's because you also sent me the demo-tape for the audition...
Yes, Moe-san!
We passed the audition for this Oke using our own power!
Now there's no need for us to beg Chiaki!
You guys have good points too.
No wonder you were selected as the members for Stresemann's Oke
Your expression was rich, and also interesting.
And on top of that, you're also cute!
Eh?
May I have your cell phone numbers? Eh?
May I have your cell phone numbers?
Despite everything,
to my surprise, everybody really becomes so skillful now, all of you!
Chiaki..
Chiaki-Sama!
Kaoru is happy!
Moe too!!
I'm also happy!!
It's me who's happy!
Someone! Gimme a rope!!
Here it is!
Thanks!
Let go of me! Thanks!
Let go of me!
Alright!
Masumi-chan, you're wonderful!
Do your best!!
Chiaki-kun!
Chiaki-kun, have you decided which country you're going to go?
Yes, well...
What about you, Kuroki-kun? Sooner or later you'll study abroad too, right?
Yes. At the beginning of next year, I plan to take the exams for a school abroad.
Ehh...so the Samurai is going to study abroad too.
Hey, Chiaki...
You did find a new conductor, did you?
Huh?
And as he'll be your replacement,
I won't forgive you if he's not someone whom everybody can accept!
Finally this day has come!
If there's no Chiaki Shinichi,
there's only ONE person who can conduct this Oke!!
Yes!! The secondly famous in this Academy...
Matsuda Yukihisa!
Heh?
He was with Paris Orchestra until last year, and now he's conducting M Philharmony in Japan.
Incredible!
Matsuda-Sama?
He's a young and number-one conductor, isn't he?!
Wonderful!!
So you're so overjoyed, huh?
If Matsuda-san, he has a career already, our audience will increase!!
With this..
my job has finished now...
has finished...
all of it..
I need to move out of this place too,
I have to start with the preparation to go abroad...
Everything...will have to be packed away...
Because the power is off, it cannot connect.
No use! Nodame...it can't connect at all!
As I thought, is she still feeling down?
I wonder if Nodame-chan won't come to see our Christmas Concert...
Nodame?
Ah! You mean Chiaki-kun's girlfriend!
Hey, what did you say?!
Seriously I'll kill you!!
Hey, don't kill her!!
AAAhhh! Hey, don't kill her!!
AAAhhh!
Talking about Nodame-chan...
Dammit!!
That idiot!!
What's wrong with playing the piano freely, in the way I enjoy it?
Be it good or not..
but this way,
I can't listen to your piano anymore, can I?!
Hello?
Ah, is it Chiaki-san?
What is it?
From this year, we start selling Christmas Cake in our restaurant
I don't need it.
I already took the order!
Huh?
Actually Nodame-chan promised to pick it up,
but as she suddenly had to return to her home,
she told me to give it to Chiaki-san as a present.
Home?
She said her home was in Okawa City, Fukuoka...
She said it was a metropolitan, quite a big city, it seems...
Ah, and so concerning the delivery...
Chiaki, I cancel the practice for today!
Ha?
It was Kiyora...
she got mad because there's no off-day until Christmas!
Haaa?
That's all, bye for now!!
Hey, the delivery!
What was that?!
Well, well...Ck!!
If I can't contact her by cell phone, then Nodame's home phone number...
Just home address!!
This parent!
For a musician to have his name written in history,
he doesn't only needs talent,
but he also needs an important deai with another.
I also wish to be one of the persons with such a role.
Dammit!
Why do I have to be such a person??
As if I have nothing better to do, going to Kyushu!
Really, why do I have to do to this extent..
To Narita Airport, please. Hai!
No, I'll go by Shinkansen (Bullet Train).. Hai?
To Tokyo Station, please!
Happy New Year 2007!!!
From S-Projects
Nodame Cantabile Last Lesson
Do not re-distribute at other places.
Ara, isn't it Megumi-chan?
It's been a long time!
Yes it is.
How pretty!
Thank you.
It's tuned..
Okawa..
Okawa Station..
There's no Okawa Station!!
Never mind! Too troublesome!
Please go to this address!
I came here uninvited all of a sudden...
how can I persuade her? Purigorota Strap Series
I knew she has no interest in being a professional
I also knew that she will strongly reject if being forced...
however, only to me...
Would you go to Europe together with me?
I thought that if I said those words,
she would certainly follow me (to Europe)...
Why do I have to study to the point of doing all those things?
This is no joke!
How much courage do you think I've gathered just to say those words?
To say that I want to bring along such a hentai with me!!
What should I do?
Very good, very good!
That's a piece you learned at school, isn't it? What a good piece is it!
It is Schubert.
Shubert? Ehhh...
This is the piece I played at the Competition.
Competition?
Competition...it's a tournament for piano?
Yes
Waaahhh...Megumi in tournament?
But I failed...
And then? Was the tournament enjoyable?
Yes!
Umm...
because the audience...they clapped their hands a lot for me
Though it was in the First Stage, but I was very surprised...
Then I was told to fix my neguse hair!
Though I wasn't good with Schubert, yet I could finally played it.
Because he supported me...
Megumi always wore beautiful dresses too...
Fare: 5470 yen
Saga Prefecture Kiyama town
Delicious Saga Seaweed
Excuse me..
Are you sure you don't make a mistake with where you're going?
Where I want to go is Okawa City in Fukuoka Prefecture.
Yes, right, right...
If Okawa City, it's mostly in Saga.
Eh?
So it is not a metropolitan, a big city?
I thought it wouldn't be that far because it's in a city in Fukuoka
The number you called is in a place unreachable. It could be turned off...
As expected, it is still off..
Eh, it is still in off condition!
23 mails?
12/19 This is Eto 12/19 It's Eto! 12/9 Answer me!
12/19 Come out! 12/19 Important notice! 12/19 Told you it's Eto!
12/20 Come out I said! 12/20 This is Eto Kozo. 12/20 Mail from Eto
12/20 This is Eto Sensei 12/20 There's no time left!
All from Eto Sensei..
12/20 From Eto to Noda 12/20 This is Ex-Harisen 12/20 From Eto
12/20 We ate crabs together, didn't we? 12/21 This is Eto Kozo, I said! 12/21 What are you doing?
12/21 It's Eto, I said!
12/21 I beg you, please come out!
12/21 Puri Gorota NEWS
Puri Gorota NEWS, what's that?
This is Eto, idiot!
Gyabo..
Recommended by Auclair Sensei, who was a Jury in that Competition,
I sent a school application form to Conservatoire De Paris
The exams will be in February
If you want to go, hurry up contact me.
Megumi! Please buy nira for me! (=garlic leeks)
Hai!
I wonder if Chiaki-Sama is in Kyushu right now?
Unexpectedly Ryuuchan has something good in you too!
Well, it's for the sake of my best friend and soul mate!
Moreover if Nodame's not here, there's no one to test the taste of the new-menu,
and my Dad is inconvenienced.
Ryuutaro..
Masumi-chan yourself, are you okay with it?
Letting Chiaki go under your very eyes?
It's okay.
From the start, just looking at him is the most I can do.
That I can be as close to Chiaki-Sama as now,
is also thanks to Nodame, isn't it?
But if we have no practice, we really have nothing else to do, have we?
Yes, it's true.
Oh, as expected, they are here!
Wow, all of you, what happened?
Hashimoto-kun and the others said let's practice together by ourselves today.
The Christmas Concert will be Chiaki's last performance in Japan, right?
This is the only thing we can do for him, isn't it?
Wow, all of you...
Up to now we're indebted to him...
therefore for the last performance we should at least perform well to see him off!
Right!
Ah, Mine's here!
Oh right, he's here!
Ah, Kuroki-kun and friends too? What happened?
Come in, come in!!
Somehow we can't relax...
Even if suddenly there's no practice, we have no other things to do, right?
Yes!
YES!
fare: 16.270 yen (, very expensive, )
What metropolitan?? Always lying, always!!
How did you know about it?
From some rumours...
Liar!!
Today Tanioka Sensei and his family went to... Liar!!
Today Tanioka Sensei and his family went to...
Mexico...
Could it be that she...(also lied)
I participated in the Competition because of the prize money.
Because of the desire to have the money to play around!
And at that time too,
she also diverted her eyes away...
In the competition..
playing the piano on the stage,
really, didn't you enjoy it?
She too...
actually...
Noda Megumi
Is it Nodame?
Yes, it's Nodame.
You! Where are you now?
Eh? I'm in my hometown.
Ah good!
So Senpai is still in Japan...
You..
Right now where do you think I...
And then Senpai...
Nodame decided to study abroad too!
Mukya!
Opposite direction!
U-Turn!!
But it's still...
Never mind, stop here!
Oppose? Senpai opposes to it?
But Senpai yourself said that for Nodame, the school abroad is more suitable...
About that..
Are you really serious when saying it?
Yes!
There's a message from Eto Sensei,
and he told me that a gentleman called Auclair-san recommended me to a school over there.
In what country will your school be?
Umm...France!
France? Conservatoire?
Yes.
But from now on I will still have to take an exam
and it might be a different country from where Senpai is going to go...
But Nodame will do my best studying piano!
If I do that, then someday...
just like Milch and Senpai...
perhaps I can perform a concerto on the same stage as you.
Chiaki Senpai will be the Conductor,
Nodame will play the piano,
performing in Philadelphia Orchestra.
That performance will be a great success,
and from all over the world there will come requests for Senpai and Nodame, the Golden Pair, to perform!
Ah right!
Performing Rhapsody In Blue with New York Philharmonic is also good, isn't it?
And performing with Senpai, what about doing Violin Sonata too?
There are still a lot of other things...
that are enjoyable...
About those things..
say it only after you pass the exam!
Chiaki Senpai...
You MUST pass!
Let's go to Europe together!
If you reject Ore-sama again for the second time,
certainly I won't forgive you!
Umm...
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas!
What are you doing there??! On such a place???
Ack! Daddy!! Aheeem..
Heeeheee...
Stuuu...
Studying abroad???!!
Yes, that's why, please give me your insurance-for-the-aged money!
No way! No such thing!
The other day the seaweed machine exploded too!
Excuse me!
Excuse me...
If it's about the funds for studying abroad, there are foundations which can give support,
it won't be a problem, I think.
it won't be a problem?
Really?
I think it will be fine. Especially because she is recommended by someone over there.
As long as she can pass the exam...
Wow! Great!!
That's good!
So your route is decided already!
So you'll still be studying!
That's good, that's good!
It's good, but you... dokon no hito? (=who are you, where from?)
Huh?
Dokon??? (He didn't understand)
He's Chiaki Shinichi-kun.
Gyaaahaaa...
Is he Megumi's boyfriend?
Gyahaaa!! Boyfriend?
It's a lie! It's impossible that she can have a handsome boyfriend like him!
Yes, it's a lie, it's a lie!
I'm just a friend from the same school!
Then why are you here?!
Then what were you trying to do at the riverbed??
That was...umm...
it's like when a football player hugged another player of the same team when a goal was made,
there was no deeper meaning..
He hugged you?
Haauuunn...
Wow!!! Haauuunn...
Wow!!!
WELL DONE, Megumi!!
Ne-chan, GOAL IN!!
No...no!
He said let's go to Europe together...
He said if I rejected him a second time, he wouldn't forgive me!
I meant if she rejected my invitation to study together in Europe!
So you invited her!! And TWICE too!!!
GOAAALLL!
A boyfriend and studying abroad!!
Oi, oi! Bring in some sake! (japanese wine)
This is a celebration, a celebration!!
This family..
Embarrassing, embarrassing!
Chiaki-kun...
Today...rest for the night here, okay?
Eh?
I'll let you try my cooking, Eh?
I'll let you try my cooking,
Nii-san! (as if Chiaki is his brother-in-law already)
Nii-san??
You're officially recognized, aren't you? Heheemm...
So this way, Nodame became what she is now?
Haa, so beautiful... but it's cold...brrr...
Otsukare! (greeting for someone after working hard)
Eh! Kiyora!
Thank you!
Could it be that you were waiting for me?
Not really...
Isn't it unusual for you to be the last one to stay practising?
Are you yourself alright, with playing Carmen violin solo?
Of course, because it's my favorite piece!
Passionate, lively, dynamic!
I think it's a piece that suits Kiyora's violin extremely well.
It's a piece that fits our last performance!
Let's surely make it a success!
Yes.
Yes
I'll do my very best!
Yes
Then someday..
when you return to Japan,
at that time,
I'll compete with you for the Concert Master!!
Be prepared!
Yes!
Ah, Senpai! Grandma said breakfast was ready.
OK..
Why did you enter Nodame's room by yourself? It's embarrassing, isn't it?
Ack, Senpai, which country are you going to go? ?
Ack, Senpai, which country are you going to go?
Prague.
We have a house there in which we used to live in the past.
Actually, I was thinking either Prague or Paris,
either one of them.
Because I didn't know that you were going to go to Paris...
Is Prague near to Paris?
Huh?
Is it a distance I can go to your place to eat after school is over?
To eat???
It's out of the question!
If it's Japan, it's like from Tokyo to Saga, you know!
How long do you think it will take by train??
Well, then what about making it halfway between Tokyo and Saga...
and the two of us living in Osaka?
What are you thinking about?
As I thought, let's plan the path for the two of us to live together!
Because it's from now on that we'll pass the happy time together...
Not good, not good!!
In any case you'll soon miss me, you know!
Moreover when we were apart, we already nurtured our love quite enough...
I didn't nurture anything!
Then why did Senpai come here??
To cheer for Fukuoka Daiei Hawks... (ex-baseball team from Fukuoka)
Mukyaa! It's Softbank Hawks now!
Moreover, they are not having any match anymore!
Then...to cheer for (Softbank) Camp!
No Camp right now!
You..
Rather than that, piano!
Eh?
Did you really practice well?
If you don't pass the exam, you can't go anywhere, you know!
I know...I have to take the exam..
Then play a little now!
Play the piece for that previous Competition!
Well...okay, Chopin's Etudes.
You! Your fingers are not moving properly!
Eh, strange...
I could play Schubert well last time...
They are as if not my own hands...
Ack, game callus!
You're completely lazing around, aren't you?!
Gyabo!!
Let's go home!
Mukyaa!!
Back to Tokyo and have crash training!
This is really no good!
A person who played the piano everyday for long hours..
hasn't played anymore for days since that Competition...
Where are you going?
Ah, seabream??!
Otsukare!
It's big, isn't it?
(seabream is for celebration)
Why, even when there's no time left for the exam!
Well, don't hurry to go back!
I'll show you around in Okawa!
No, it's OK, Okawa the best furniture maker in Japan
your daughter is in critical condition. Okawa Furniture Hall
Then just one place! Koga Masao Memorial Hall
Ack, Beethoven! (Karaoke Pub Beethoven)
Waaah...mud land! It's the first time I came here!
I wonder if there are mudskippers?
I'll go take a look!
Oi! We don't have time!
Ah, Chiaki-kun, Chiaki-kun!
There's a telescope here! I'll take a look!
Hai
We take our seaweeds over there!
Come here, take a look!
Please don't say: Musume wo tanomu (Take good care of my daughter, meaning to marry her)
No, it's not that...
Will she be really alright? Studying abroad?
Huh?
Megumi started learning the piano when she was 5 year old.
It was when I was still working in an office in Tokyo
There was a music academy ojousan in the neighbourhood,
We could always hear the sounds of the piano...
Megumi loves the piano very much
so she often visited her house.
In just a short time,
that ojousan came with her face turning pale,
Okasan!
It's better to have this child learn piano from a proper teacher!
Therefore, we enrolled her to a piano classroom taught by a famous piano teacher in our neighbourhood. Hanasakura Piano Classroom
Then..again very soon...
Let's take this child as soon as possible abroad!
However, around that time...
Megumi's condition began to become strange...
The teacher gave extremely strict lesson
Megumi didn't like going to the piano classroom anymore.
One day that incident happened...
This hand is wrong! This hand!!
This hand is bad!..
Ouch!!
Although the teacher apologized many many times,
from that day Megumi hardly played the piano anymore...
just like she was, before yesterday...
Isn't Megumi suitable for this (music) world?
To be a professional pianist...
is not only to play the piano as one enjoys it, is it?
A wound...inflicted in childhood..
She will be fine.
Even so, she's still playing the piano, isn't she?
In the end...
regardless the teacher is strict or not,
if one is no good, he will be no good,
even if one wants to be a professional pianist, it doesn't mean he can become one...
it is this kind of world.
Whether we will succeed or not, we have no idea.
Neither I nor she know..
But..
I really love her piano very much! (READ: I love her very much)
Shinichi-kun the idiot!!!
Who's the one idiot?
You...you love (her) so much?
Huh?
My son!
Hai!
My son!!! MY SON!!!
Tadaima!!! (=I come home)
I ordered a lot of osushi, please help yourself!
We can drink a lot of sake too!!
Chiaki-kun drank all of it yesterday, didn't he?
He's strong at drinking!
Yes, he's strong! Good!
Why..
Why am I here again..
on top of it..
kotatsu!
The gyouzas are ready! (=chinese dumplings)
New creation seaweeds gyouza completed!
As expected of Yokkun!
They look really delicious!
I made them for the other employees in my part-time job!
Chiaki-kun, Chiaki-kun!
Raa yu ready? (raa yu= sesame oil with hot chili)
Undoubtedly here is...
the hot bed where Nodame grew up...
Chiaki Senpai!
This is my new dress, what do you think?
I finished making it today, it's a new creation for spring!
It's released! Mode Salon Youko!!
Ah right!
I'll make some clothes for Chiaki-kun too!
Huh?
As I thought, perhaps it should be a white shirt!
Formal! It should be formal, Youko!!
The size...
EXCUSE ME!!!
Nodame...matashita!! Nodame will measure his matashita!! (=from crotch down the legs)
Perverts!
Good that I will be going to Prague!!
I'm not going...
Heeh? Masayuki-san moved to Prague?
That's the problem, isn't it?
Shinichi hates nothing more than being said that he was his father's nanahikari... (=has no ability but riding on his father's reputation)
He won't go to the same Prague
What should we do?
Ah right! What about letting him study in Paris, the number-two candidate?
Paris?
Yes!
The food is delicious, and fashionable too! Yes!
The food is delicious, and fashionable too!
That's true..Paris! That's good!
Ehhh? Masumi-chan's job in an orchestra is decided?
Yes!
I passed the exam for New Metropolitan Philharmonic!
Could I be... a genius?
As I thought, it must be because of your hairstyle...
What do you mean??!!!
You're noisy!!
Heh, what, what??
Oi, everyone!!
Gyabo!!
Gather up when you're ready!! Gyabo!!
Gather up when you're ready!!
Oi! It's just a rehearsal, why do we have to wear tuxedos?
Well, well...
On the actual day we'll be too busy we won't have any time to take photos, will we?
Memorial photos!
Chiaki!
Please surely succeed abroad, okay?
Mine..
Then these memorial photos will sell higher...
Oi!
Then, who will take the photos?
I wish Nodame had come here wearing more fashionable attires...
Why only Nodame is out of the photos?!!
Oi Nodame, will this be okay?
Is everybody perfectly included?
Perfectly!
Take it beautifully, OK?
Of course!
I'll take it now...
Next, let's pose the Vienna Philharmonic style!
Vienna Phil...
OK, I'll take it now!
Let's start practising now!
Oi!!
You too, you have to practice!
Ehh??
Gyabo!!
Nodame...
do your best!
I'll be waiting for you in Paris!
Paris?
Sarasate
A fantasy piece from Carmen
It was composed by putting together famous melodies from the opera Carmen.
It's a difficult piece that requires transcendent artmanship.
however..
because it's Kiyora, I can entrust it to her with peace of mind.
I want to make an orchestra, with Chiaki-kun
Huh?
Won't you make an orchestra with me, and perform together?
She made this orchestra together with me.
She created a place for me.
Nodame!
We really worried for you!!
And what's that? Studying abroad?
I was really surprised, you know!
That's true!
Despite always taking other people's lunch box!!
This girl!!
Nodame!!
Maki-chan!!
Nodame, do your best, okay!!
Reina-chan!!
Noda-kun...
well, various interesting happened, right?
No, various scary things happened!
I couldn't do anything for her.
No. That Fart Exercise choreography was excellent!
Moreover, whether you really couldn't do anything or not,
we don't know it yet, now.
We'll be able to know it perhaps 10 years later, or 20 years later...
or perhaps even more than that...
Yes, it's true...
Suntory Hall Christmas Concert 2006 R.S Orchestra
Bravo!
Wonderful!
As expected of Miki Kiyora!
No, the new members too!
Yes, it's as Chiaki-kun said...
This Oke is really evolving!!
From now, we'll have 20 minutes break.
Alright, the other piece will be...
Beethoven Symphony no 7!
This is the first piece you conducted, in S-Oke!
This is the piece Stresemann said your conducting was no good!
You failed! right?
This is really the last, isn't it...
Honestly, although I was mad at you all the time,
but now it was a good memory.
Had there were no Spartan way of practising,
we wouldn't have been here now, would we?
Me too...
I would've just taken over my family's bakery,
and would have forgotten about music...I think.
I would've never realized that I loved music this much, and ended it then and there.
Us too...
we thought that orchestra and professional debut was just a dream in a dream...
so we graduated while giving it all up.
Chiaki-Sama, even when you are abroad, we'll always support you,
please don't forget us, okay?
Okay.
You'll be doing your best for us, right?
Me too, although I feel bad to my father in inaka... (=small town, village)
I will do my best for a little more here!
Even after I marry, even after I have kids, I will keep doing music!
Please contact us when you return to Japan, okay?
Chiaki-Senpai,
definitely I'll continue playing Contrabass,
and definitely I'll enter Vienna Philharmonic,
therefore please wait for me in Europe, okay?
Chiaki-kun,
Because it's you, I believe that even abroad, you will certainly succeed.
Let's meet again in spring!
Sure!
Ah, be careful with your relationships with women,
because the ladies over there are quite passionate in many things, you know!
Please let me know when you make a professional debut,
you can consult with me concerning accounting matters.
Really, it had been a while since I last met a stimulating friend like you.
Somehow it sounds like a graduation ceremony, doesn't it?
I love this orchestra
I also love Matsuda-san (=the new conductor)
But...
I love Chiaki-kun...the BEST!
Chiaki-Sama!
Would you please pardon me, for my numerous impoliteness thus far. (he's using high and polite Japanese)
and also...
sincerely, thank you for everything.
I'll treasure those many memories in my heart...
From Chiaki-Sama, today Okuyama Masumi will gra...
No, as I thought, I can't graduate from you!!!
Thanks!
I'm reaaally glad that I met Chiaki-kun.
No, it's for me to say..
Some day in the future..
in order to be entrusted again as the Concert Master by Chiaki-kun,
I'll grow to be better too.
Let's do our best together.
Yup!
Definitely...
with these same members, let's do an Oke again!
Come on, Ryuu-chan, say something too!
I'll write letters to you!
Make it mail instead! (=cell phone or computer mails)
Heeeh??
Ah right! Well, usually people send snail mails...
(Ookouchi Mamoru is crying too)
usual snail mails are expensive, yes!
Nodame-chan! Let's go to gokon!!
Milch!
Long time no see!
So you came for us before the last piece!
Please see Chiaki-Senpai! The others will certainly be very glad to see you!
There's no need for that.
Eh?
If it's Chiaki, there will be no problem!
Milch...
Nodame too, I am now ready to face music seriously!
That's wonderful!
Nodame-chan do it
in Nodame-chan's own style!
Do your best!
Hai!
Alright!
It's time to enjoy music!
ALRIGHT!!
Alright!!!
Every year, although so many music academy students graduate,
the number of professional Oke members are limited.
Even if they have real ability,
it doesn't guarantee that they can enter a professional Oke.
There are a lot of them who have to waste their ability..
That's exactly why...
their music is wonderful.
At the very moment now,
the happiness of being able to perform music...
is overflowing from their spirits.
That being able to continue playing music is certainly not a matter of course...
is one thing..
that they have made me recall...
Beethoven Symphony no 7
This is the last piece I conducted while being a student in Japan.
This is...
the piece that I first conducted in an orchestra...
And then...
I also feel that something will begin again with this piece!
Please help me...
I remember now! You're Chiaki-Senpai!
Don't make a mistake in just two measures!
Gyabo!!
Nodame!
Today you may play it freely as you like!
I don't allow your transfer to the Conducting Division!
Today, this person will conduct!
Chiaki-Samaaa! Kyaaa!!
Chiaki..
Wait a minute! Chiaki failed!
Failed? Why?!
You're always at the center of attention...
Always having people relying on you...
How could a person like you understand?
A person like Senpai won't be able to understand...
this feeling of itchiness...
and this feeling of vexation...
Use your whole body, to express music!
I'm saying for you to be engrossed in your music!
The way to fascinate the audience...
that's also an important study!
More beautifully!
More romantically!
More painfully!
More sexily!
As if you're in agony!!
I won't forgive...
half-heartedness!
You don't have to care about A-Oke, or about duel...
We S-Oke's first stage...
let's enjoy!!
Alright!!!
Soon it will be farewell...
I must also convey...
my gratitude to all of them!
They helped...
to change me tremendously!
An amazing orchestra!
Alright, let's sing!!!
Right to the last note!!
The greatest music that we can do now!
BRAVO!
Thank you, Eto Sensei! From Big fan Toyotaku!
Thank you, Tanioka Sensei!
Joeboygo LOVES you, Mayuko-chan!
Sorry for your missing lunch boxes, Maki-chan!
Yes, you are second best, Mamoru-kun!
You should be a poet, Takuma-san!
Great acting, Hatano-san! Best regards to Kassy your hubby!
Mine-Papa, I bought Uraken bowl yesterday! Thank you!
Thank you, we hope your fingers are OK now!
How the heck you can speak like that, Takenaka-san???
Ueno Juri-chan, best regards from BIG fan Thtl!!
Happy New Year 2007, everyone!
Big big thank you from S-Projects!
Cantabile Team thanks you all for your support!
See you again all, in Karei Naru Ichizoku!!
Wishing you a Happy happy New Year 2007!
Chibi-chan kawaii desu ne!
You are cool too!
Gokurousama deshita!
Kora! ii kagen ni shiro yo!! But I like your always smiling face!
Masumi-chan, ganbatte ne!!
I like your acting too, thank you!
Thank you!
Funny hair but it fits you!
You're beautiful inside!
Good diversions, bravo!
Kaoru-chan and Moe-chan, thank you!
Kuroki-kun, you're very cool!! Ganbatte!
it was short but funny!
Kiyora, you're cool!!
Mine, I still can't make up my mind, you or Chiaki!
Thank you to everyone who made this dorama possible.
And to everyone watching this now!
Bravo!!
We love you forever Chiaki and Nodame!
We hope to see you two again in Nodame Cantabile II
