My beloved Vieira Sensei...
The city where Sensei conducted, Prague...
The performance in Dvorak Hall...
This year I really wanted to go to see it again...
Why do I have to be here?
Having a famous pianist for a father,
raised in a family of musicians,
since I was small I have attended stages all over the world...
Vienna...
Berlin...
Prague...
the majestic Orchestras of Europe...
and then, the conducting of Sebastiano Vieira
Soon I became engrossed in music...
Using my father's reputation I slipped into the Concert Hall
Oh, tamagochi!
That was when Vieira-Sensei began to grow fond of me...
I was a small child but even so he taught me various things
scatologist (a person having an interest in poops)
And then, when my mother divorced my father and I had to go home to Japan with her...
Ten years later...
Why do I have to be here?
Terrible!
Equally terrible!
Everyone's terrible!
Hey! Look, look! It's Chiaki-sama!
Great, he's heading here!
A- ah, that fourth-year Chiaki-senpai? I don't know why but he's really putting on airs!
That Nani-sama, Ore-sama, Chiaki-sama?
Be quiet, all of you!
Don't give Chiaki-Sama trouble!
Watch your manners, okay? Your manners!
So impressive even for Eto Sensei, who teaches only the super talented in the Piano Division, he's the most favorite.
- Really? - I'm so envious...
Yosh! Let's practice our band!
What are you doing?
Oh Mine, shall we practice?
What Chiaki huh? Just a ray from his father's name!
Hey, is Chiaki-senpai going to have a lesson? Maki-chan, let's go take a little look?
I don't mind but...
Before that Reina, Let's have lunch, lunch!
I bought special limited depachika lunch-box with 20 kinds of dishes...
NODAMEEE!
Scholar to Germany decided.
Why is such a ham-looking guy going to study abroad?
What am I doing in such a place like this?
Dammit
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HUH?!
Don't get excited by yourself then give it up by yourself too!
Do you really want to do it or not, stupid!
After selecting you for the Maradona Piano Competition in December, do you intend to smear my face with mud?
Isn't this your last competition in the university?
The piece is by Beethoven whom you love...
What's this?
Score?
Why does a piano student like you have score sheets for Conductors?
You...do you want to be a Conductor, huh?
THAT'S NO JOKE! YOU DON'T EVEN PLAY THE PIANO RIGHT... STUPID...
STOP IT, JIJI! Shouting and yelling like a loan-shark demanding borrowed money!
What elite specialist Eto-Juku? Repeating forte! forte! confuoco! like some dumb people
All your students play the piano the same way!
Disgusting!
If you admit my talent, don't teach redundant things!
Is that all you want to say?
Shall I say more?
No... it's enough...
I got it...
So don't come to my lesson anymore
I'll ask another student to appear in the competition
You won't do...
My mistake in judging you...
Good bye
That's right.
I want to be a Conductor
Beethoven, Piano Sonata, Pathetique...
playing it extremely messily...
this is truly pathetic...
No!
Although messy, it was not making a mistake
Wonderful!
What's this!
Who is playing this?
Shinichi!
Is it true that you got dropped by Eto-sensei?
Saiko.
Go and apologize to Eto Sensei.
Why?
Why? Although that Sensei is strict, he's the most talented and famous teacher in our Academy
After graduation Shinichi, you intend to go to Graduate School, right?
Just when you got a chance from him!
That's OK...about Graduate School
I don't intend to be a pianist anyway.
Then you should have gone to the Conductor Division from the start!
Even if I suddenly went to the Conductor Division, in reality it doesn't necessarily mean that I'll get a chance to conduct.
Besides, I get to study conducting properly on my own
Furthermore, my teacher could only be Vieira-Sensei.
I don't want to be unnecessarily indebted to other people
Then you should quickly just study abroad.
So stupid, aren't you? To be so scared of planes that you can't get into one...
Just having the experience of a rough emergency landing ONCE, what's the big deal?
On top of that, because of the trauma drowning in the sea, you can't go by ship either!
Don't say it so easily!
You've never experienced it. What do you understand?
Even if I become a professional conductor in Japan
It's no use if I can't perform in Europe...
maybe I should just ask to be an employee in your family's company, Tagaya Music Shop
Don't go home... today.
Cut it out!
We're not in such relationship anymore.
Moreover I...
I hate losers.
Wherever you are, it'll just be the same!
poop poop poop cat's...pooop!
Haiya?
What's-his-name- senpai...
What was it?
What should I do?
Please help me...
The wind...
I hear the sound of the wind
What a quiet place...
Next it's a piano...
This piece... is the one I heard at that time, Beethoven's Piano Sonata
Piano Sonata, which echoed beautifully within the garbage
Capriccioso Cantabile...
Willfully, wistfully...
as if being sung...
Where is this place?
That is...
Ah! I remember now!
Chiaki-senpai!
Do you remember last night? Heee...
Chiaki-senpai!
Ah? This is my mansion.
My...
What... what's that female?
Chiaki-senpai, hee...
A student from my school?
Oh! My belt?
Do you remember last night?
I DON'T REMEMBER!
Heehee...
Nodame Cantabile - Lesson 1 Sync: NIZ
Ah, headache.
Senpai!
Belt!
You left it in my place this morning, right?
As I thought...
It's amazing that I survived in that room full of garbage.
It's not mine... that belt.
It's Senpai's!
You seemed to be constricted that's why I took it off, I remember.
You mistook me for a different person That's not me.
It is Senpai!
I said no it is really no.
But the smell is the same.
Don't follow me!
Lesson Instructor Change Piano Division: 4th Year Chiaki Shinichi Instructor: Eto Kozo -> Tanioka Hajime
Tanioka Hajime?
3203 Tanioka Hajime
It suits well for cheering, right?
Yes the last part was good!
Chiaki-senpai!
Oh! Please come in!
I seemed to have entered the wrong room
I'm waiting for you, Chiaki-kun
Yaa, seeing you in person, the aura's different.
Even so, I won't let you call me Ochisen, ...
Ochisen?
Ochikobore Specialist Teacher. What a terrible talk, isn't it!
Let's not talk while standing. Please sit down.
This Ore... an underachiever?? (Ore = I)
By the way, what about this belt?
Excuse me.
Our Momogaoka Music Academy's A-Oke is an elite Orchestra consisting of the most talented students (A-Oke = A-Orchestra)
Our concert this year will have Miki Kiyora as Concert Mistress. In the future, other gifted students will join too.
Please come to our performance next month.
Certainly.
How is it?
Eto Sensei!
I think we're almost getting there.
However from now on is the crucial moment.
I'm expecting the best.
Hai.
Rijichou (Board Chairman), allow me to introduce...
This is Classic Life monthly magazine's Kawano-san
Hmmm... somehow there's something lacking...
Eh?
Ah? Sorry! It's not Classic Life, but our A-Oke
Every year, they always do the same thing, don't you think so?
But I think they've achieved a high level...
Yes that's true
After they graduate they will most likely be succesful
However, not letting their talent fades away without any chance to grow is essentially our job.
I wish I can do something for them...
Two pianos?
Yes, won't you try it? Third year Noda Megumi-kun and you, Chiaki-kun, will have a two-piano lesson.
I didn't know that you two know each other. it's just right for this.
Wait a minute. Why do I have to take lessons with such a female?
Nodame chose this one to play! Heehee...
I want to do it the usual way only with Sensei...
A piano duet played by two people is very interesting. Moreover Noda-kun's piano is very good...
No matter how good she is, it's impossible to adjust to such a person who plays so messily.
Nah, it's not impossible if it's you
Because you play the piano the best in this Music Academy
If you can't, well what can I do...
Think of it as advising your Kohai? (Kohai = younger fellow student/colleague)
Mozart Sonata for two pianos
Eeek, I don't know this piece.
I've never played this before either.
Although I think it'll be tough to adjust to each other with this fast piece...
Well, be patient and keep practising it
Oi! Let's look at it once, then get it done and over with, Garbage Female!
Call me Nodame please.
For tempo it's OK to be slow, about this speed...
Let's begin
Don't make a mistake in just two sections!
Gyabo!!
Let's do it again!
This won't do.
Why does she play so sloppily?
You're not looking at the score!
Gyabo!!
I was reading correctly...
What's correct with those tat-tat-tat and pat-pat-pat? What was that?
Just somehow doing it...
Noda-kun's ear is very good, she often learns by listening, she's not accustomed to play while looking at the scores...
So that's why she plays so messily
Moreover she hates to practice...
Well, relax and do your best
No way!!
For this sort of lesson, three days is more than enough!
What shall we have for lunch?
Dammit!
That Saiko! Dumping me for such a ham!
What's this...
WHAT'S THIS?
Chiaki-senpai!
Do people normally open the door in one swing like that?
What's wrong?
Ah! The belt, right?
Get off my way!
Senpai, if you came for the belt, here it is...
Clean up!
Take out all your cleaning tools!
Cleaning tools?
If vacum cleaner, it's always kept outside in the room.
Where is it?
It's on top of the bed
Where's the bed?
Over there!
It stinks! It stinks!
What is with this mountain of garbage?
I will throw them all away!
Nooo! Don't!
This box contains many necessary stuff like school stuff...
Oh! Don't!
The box contains sweets sent from my hometown, I can't survive without these...
Nooo! Not that! Not that!
It is my treasure... yes...
See?
Cut it out!
Gyabo!
Look, what's this?
It's probably cream stew...
Is cream stew black? And coiling like this?
Yes it was there since a year ago...
What're these fish roes?
That was my meal...
Oi!... What's this... this mushroom?
That's my laundry...
Ayaaa! Brassierre!
Aiyaaa!! Panties!
Be quiet!
What am I doing?
With no garbage, the sound of piano is completely different!
What's this smell?
Ah Senpai, as a sign of my gratitude, I cooked something for you! Please sit down.
Don't bother.
No problem, no problem!
Ass Fortunetelling
What's this?
Salted horse mackerel with mayonnaise sauce
I was asking you what's this BLACK thing.
Horse mackerel
It's charcoal!
Do you mean to kill me?
If you say you cook by yourself, only say it after you can cook something like this!
Yaaa! Wonderful! Wonderful! What's this called?
Meringue a la penne con i broccoli.
Yummy! Wonderful! Yummier than what my Mom cooks!
You must be a genius!
That's a bit too much...
Nodame is sooo impressed! Wow!
Next time I'll cook yummier stuff for you.
I'm happy!
Rijichou, it's almost time already.
I promised to meet someone.
He's always loose when it comes to keeping time...
Chinese Food Uraken
Dad, why didn't you wake me up?
Haven't I told you that if I don't pass today's afternoon class I will have to stay the same year?
This kid! Doing this everyday at your age!!
Look carefully at the clock.
It's still lunch break! You, silly boy!
Just five minutes to school from here. I wanted to let you sleep until just ten minutes before the class.
Sorry, Dad...
Bravo!
I've never eaten such delicious boiled vegetables!
Right?
What's next, hey, the-man-with-a-good-taste! Ojisan, order whatever you like! Noodles, curry, oden...
Whatever dish my father cooks, it's very delicious!
What's Oden? (Oden = boiled fish cakes and radish etc in hot soup)
Especially boiled konbu with katsuo (boiled seaweed shining with tuna)
kotobu shining with katsura (back of head shining with wig) (he is making a pun)
Why... so you're not Japanese.
You... a Music Academy student?
Jiisan is weird. Let me tell you it's boring to tour inside a Music Academy.
A-Oke, Eto Juku, those are trivial!
Generally viewing us based only on classical music, how stupid!
Look, the whole world is rich with music...
jazz, pop, and then rock!
520... 526...
I can't stand it anymore!
Such... such a small practice room...
I hate it!!
I hate it!!!
Who's behind?
It was me...
I am sorry.
Always at the same place. It's because you always take part-timer jobs.
I hate it!!!
Just as I thought, music is Rock!
Who is it?
Could it be one of my fans?
I hate it!!!
Masumi-chan? Could it be that Masumi-chan was also peeped at?
No I'm just claustrophobic...
Really... but please be careful...
It seems that there is a strange old man walking around.
Maybe he's a stalker of Moe-san and Kaori-san...
Could it be that he's stalking Chiaki-sama?
No, no. That's Masumi-chan, isn't it?
I'm not a stalker!
I'm just... I'm just...
looking at Chiaki-Sama everyday for these four years.
Sonata For Two Pianos
This cheerful and suitable for a salon piece was composed in the latter part of the 18th century to be performed with an acquiantance's gifted daughter
This is the only piano duet piece that Mozart composed in his whole lifetime.
Tanioka-sensei sure is mean
There are other pieces that are easier to do, why chose this one?
It will be tough to do it in three days as I promised.
You're late!
As I thought, Noda-kun is not here yet?
She hardly arrives on time, doesn't she?
That's terrible...
This is a formal class
Well, sometimes I'm also late...
Why don't you go out for a bit to drink some tea?
Chiaki-kun
Ah...I'm Conductor Division's...
I know.
Naturally. Hayakawa-kun is famous! And I'm the secondly famous Ookuchi Mamoru from Conducting Division...
For my destination I'm thinking of taking lectures at Gerhalm
Really?
Gerhalm?
In that Seminar, Sebastiano Vieira will come to teach special courses, you know!
Well, in any case I'll also go in the future...
I heard from Saiko-chan that Chiaki-kun and Vieira-sensei know each other?
If I meet him, I will tell him any message from you
Chiaki Senpai is so late...
That's true. Let's begin by ourselves first.
In that Seminar Sebastiano Vieira will come to teach special courses, you know!
If I meet him I will tell him any message from you
I hate losers
Wherever you are, it'll be just the same!
Bravo!
What shall I have for dinner...
Excuse me
You're the earlier fantasy girl! Good evening!
Good evening!
Shall I tell you the road where taxis usually pass? (wrong japanese, should be could you tell me)
A road where taxis usually pass?
Oh go there, turn to the left, turn to the right!
What a gentle nice girl!
I know Japanese
Just a little bit
Bitte, could you show me the way?
Bitte?? (please in German)
Then, shall we have dinner?
dinner?
But no, it is bad...
I was told not to follow any stranger...
Nein?? I am a moral tourist from Germany (nein = no in German)
My name is Milch Holstein (Milk Cow in German)
Japan changed a lot, I don't understand anything here
I'm an old man and alone...
I feel very lonely...
Oh you're all alone?
OK I understand
Let's eat together with Nodame
Let's go!
Ah I'm worried about Chiaki-senpai
Let's go and grab a meal with Senpai!
Nodame-chaaan!
It's ready! It's ready!
Just in time, don't you think?
It is smelling bouquet garni.
This is French home-cooking, isn't it?
Let's eat before they get cold.
Wow there is wine here!
Senpai you sit here too! Let's eat together!
What do you mean by sit here sit here?
Whose place do you think it is?
And who's this Jiisan?
Are you two robbers? You've got to be robbers.
Don't drink that wine!
Nodame-chan, this is not your apartment?
Nodame's apartment is...
IS NEXT DOOR!
What's this suspicious-looking Jiisan?
He's not suspicious-looking, he's my friend
I met him on the street earlier... His name is...
Just met him on the steet?
Oi, just because of that he's your friend?
Oh his name is Milch... Milch Holstein-san!
Milch Holstein...? Milk Cow? Obviously that's a fake-name!
Hao, do you understand German?
Hai, this is Chiaki-senpai. He is very bright and very good at piano.
Hao, I want to listen...
Hao, that's a very nice piano!
Whooo, that's right!
Oi, you sure he's not a thief?
Chiaki-kun, do you personally know him?
He's my teacher in conducting, don't you dare touch it!
Conductor? You want to be a Conductor?
Any problem to you?
Nodame-chan, let's get out of here.
We seem to be bothering Chiaki-kun
In the hotel I'm staying there's a good sushi restaurant
Waaa... sushi restaurant?
Let's go!
Yes.
So this old man is no more than a dirty old man, eh?
Oi, wait!
Specially for today, inside my room...
In your room?
I will advise you on your practice
Practice?
Nodame-chan, I will teach you even more enjoyable thing...
Inside a room with a beautiful sunrise scenery...
with a fluffy-fluffy bed...
fluffy-fluffy pillow...
A beautiful room? Fluffy-fluffy pillow?
Chiaki-kun! Gochisosama! Hahao!
Let's go!
Oi! I also have it here!
Fluffy-fluffy bed!
Is it Senpai's bed?
Yes...
and the pillow?
ude-makura (arm-pillow, his own arm)
Gyabo!
No... Nodame-chan!
Wait, let go off me!
So that's that, Ojisan, have a nice trip.
Here, I give you this coupon. It was in the post box.
Chiaki!
Douzo, Shinichi-san... Iyaaa...
What is that iyaaa you're saying! This is stupid!
Gyabo!
To bring such an immoral old man in here!
You too go home! You flea!
Liar! Liar!
Okay Okay I will practice! Let's practice!
Nodame will practice properly, please.
Really, I will do it properly.
I don't care anymore.
What's wrong with you?
Today you didn't come to our practice either
Aya! What's this?
Sheets for Conductors?
Wow, it's full of checks!
So it was true earlier...
that Senpai wants to be a conductor...
Nodame also wishes to see Senpai conducting soon.
Go home!
What's the use of studying this... it's pointless.
However hard I study... however good I become at piano...
in the end, I'm defeated even by that Ham.
Ten years ago, even until now
I can only watch orchestras from afar...
I don't want to teach you. You don't want to practice.
Why don't we leave it at that?
From the start it's a meaningless assignment
There's no need to force ourselves to do it.
But...
I will be the one telling Tanioka-sensei
I'll say that I'm unable to guide you
If it is about cleaning-up, there's still enough time...
It's not about cleaning...
Nooo...
What the heck is that'Nooo' for?
My ears ached hearing such terrible piano...
Why?
It's only been a few days, why it's already...
I'm sorry...
I can't play the notes well yet, but I'll do my best to memorize them,
please wait for a week...
The promise was three days
I will play it well, and you listen while looking at the sheet
if you can't learn by looking at the scores, then listen and learn with your prided ears.
Wow! Amazing!
Senpai's piano is so accurate!
It was really according to the scores!
You're just too sloppy!
If you're playing with me I want you to do it accurately, okay!
No! That's where we change places!
Softer!
Your left hand is too loud! How many times I must tell you that?!
Play smoothly there!
Listen to my playing carefully!
Stop that face!!
Huh?
We're not in harmony at all!
Don't do it your own way!
I don't know why I feel so upset
though I know I was not saying anything wrong
Don't get excited by yourself then give it up by yourself!
Do you really want to do it or not, stupid!
This way, I'm no different from Harisen (Harisen = Eto Sensei)
The type of teaching that I abhor, is what I'm exactly doing to her
What's wrong?
Finally I did it to the last part without stumbling... Was there something strange again?
Strange.
Where?
It stinks...
Ha?
Your head...it stinks!
HEH!? Is that so?
But I've washed it three days ago.
Three days ago?
Yes, bath is every other day, shampoo is once every three days... heee
I might look dirty, but in fact I like to keep clean, don't I?
What do you mean by I might look dirty? That's three days without shampooing!
Stoppp ittt!
What kind of upbringing did you receive?
Stoppp itt!
What am I doing, really?
Waaa... I feel good!
Nodame feels like this...
I feel like this
A dog? What kind of dog?
golden retriever? chihuahua? maybe shibaken?
You...
She resembles Vieira-Sensei
You are weird...
What do you mean?
Are you really okay with this? If it's impossible,you may have a few more days
I promised to do it in three days
Eh, Noda-kun is looking at the score!
Nodame!
For today, you may play it as you like.
Senpai...
You just called me Nodame...
I know... she CERTAINLY has something special...
Then, who ia able to adjust to her piano is just someone like Ore-Sama! (Ore-Sama = haughty way of saying I)
Up to now it's a perfect unison...
The problem is after this...
The first piano is most of the time lightly playing the lead...
It showed up now... that mouth... she's starting to be out of the world...
As soon as I told her that she could do it freely, she really becomes herself...
but I'll show I can keep up with her...
I already know her habit
There! She skipped!
And bounced!
In fact I was constantly bothered by her piano
In the past, Vieira-Sensei once said
Since then I've been dreaming
which I gave up until last night
But now, for sure my body feels a little shiver
Bravo! Bravo!
Isn't it good Chiaki-kun, it seems that you managed to go over the wall...
Eh?
So it was never about teaching a kouhai, but it was a lesson for me.
People said Mozart, the genius, composed this one-and-only piano duet piece for the sake of playing it with a gifted pupil.
However, perhaps by playing along with her he himself wanted to recall how to purely enjoy music
That Raccoon Teacher...
Looking at Senpai's back, I feel my heart thumping.
Could this be...as I thought... falling in love?
No! That's wrong! It's definitely wrong!
But my heart feels so tight...
Today it just happened that the music went well, but normally such playing is not allowed, ok.
If you can't play by the score then it's out of the question to take part in competitions!
Nodame in a competition?
Eh?
Oh come on! Nodame certainly won't join in any competition.
Then why did you enter Music Academy, and practise everyday?
Because Nodame wants to be a kindergarten teacher.
Is that your dream?
Yes!
My beloved Vieira-Sensei,
it seems that in Japan there is an amazing person as well
There are more things I can still do here
Application to change divisions
Oi, big news! They said that Stresemann is coming to our school!
They said that Stresemann is coming.
Stresemann? That world-class Conductor who's comparable to Sebastiano Vieira?
I wonder if he'll come to our A-Oke too?
A famous person is coming!
Well, though for us in Piano Division, The Orchestra Divison is none of our business
Hey, he's arrived in the Teachers' Room!
Stresemann! Stresemann! World-famous Conductor!
Really silly people, what's so great about Stresemann coming to Conducting Division?
Incredible, just when I am about to submit my request to move to the Conducting Division.
Somehow... the eyes are a bit different...
Yes...
Where? where? Where? where?
Gehhh! That Ojiisan?
You said you want to form a new student orchestra?
Yes. Using the students I chose, MY Oke.
But, Sensei will be looking for those in the Conductor Division and the A-Oke, right?
Let me take a look!
Well of course! However, I want more students to have a chance in taking my lessons.
A little bit different? He looks TOTALLY different!
Please gather the students who are in these photos here.
Ohhh... my mistake, my mistake!
These are my treasure photos, which I bought in Shibuya.
These are the real stuff...
Maestro... are you serious?
But this one... is from the Piano Division.
Why? Is there something wrong?
This way or that way...
I can't change divisions!
Airhead (German and Italian Proofreader)
Auroragb (Uploader)
Bugsie (Uploader)
DarkWarrior (Uploader)
Dorakura (Classical Music Advisor)
Houko (German Proofreader)
Mwulf (Uploader)
Nadesico (French Proofreader)
Punkednoodle (Nodame Cantabile Manga Advisor)
Seghal (Timer, German Proofreader)
Siantut (Translator, Timer)
Special thanks to MHFans, Tianj, Gryzze, and Ruronin
This is a non-commercial video
You can get it free at d-addicts.com
Thank you, everyone, for watching
See you!
