J To catch them is my real test To train them is my cause J
J I will travel across the land Searching far and wide J
J Teach Pokemon to understand The power that's inside J
J Pokemon! Gotta catch'em all J
J It's you and me I know it's my destiny J
J Pokemon! Oh, you're my best friend In a world we must defend J
J Pokemon! Gotta catch'em all A heart so true J
J Our courage will pull us through J
J You teach me and I'll teach you Pokemon! J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all Pokemon! J
As our heroes take a break in their journey,
Todd, their photographer friend, decides to shoot a few Pokemon pictures.
Come on. Turn around, Togepi.
-Now, dont be shy. Turn and say Togepi. -Togepi.
Great! That was a cool shot!
- Now a Pokemon weather update. -Huh?
Our area will remain clear and sunny today with highs in the upper 70s so get...
-Sounds like good weather. -Pikachu.
It should be great for taking pictures.
Pokemon love power!
Find it at our five-star breeding center,
where every Pokemon is treated like a loved one!
This guest evolved into a Charmeleon
and then into a Charizard in just a few short days.
At the five-star breeding center, a little pampering goes a long way.
Let our experts provide your Pokemon with our loving care.
So, why go through all the fuss when you can bring your Pokemon to us, huh?
Whats that?
Looks like somebody just opened up a new breeding center.
-Breeding center? -The newest thing!
Breeding centers raise Pokemon for kids who cant themselves.
Its like a Pokemon spa.
A really excellent breeding center can even help your Pokemon evolve.
Wow! Lets check it out.
Theres no need to push. We have plenty of rooms left in our luxury suites.
We guarantee your Pokemon will soon be like new and some may even evolve.
She seems really nice.
And do you know why were so popular? Its because we believe in love.
We feel every Pokemon is lovable.
-We believe in Pokemon love power. -Love power.
Yay!
Love power.
Wow, she sure knows how to attract customers.
Yeah.
-Our next guest. -Right this way, please.
-I have a Pokemon, too! -Well, youre in the right place.
So, what do I have to do to check my Pokemon in here?
-Misty, youre leaving one here? -Yup, Ill give it a try.
But which Pokemon? Not your Staryu.
Togepis too young.
My Psyduck. I want to leave my Psyduck here with you!
Its so cute. Dont you just adore those eyes.
Theyre bright and bouncy as ping-pong balls.
Yeah and I wish I had a paddle.
So, then, is there anything special youd like us to do?
For starters, you might try knocking some common sense into its big, empty head.
Theres an awful lot of unused space in here.
Hmm, thats strange. It looks intelligent to me.
And you have to change this clueless-looking face.
-Thatd take a miracle. -Funny you should say that.
A little Pokemon love power works miracles.
- Have fun, Psyduck. -Bye, Psyduck. Good luck.
Psy.
Psyduckll prove if that place is any good.
I bet youre going to just leave Psyduck there and never go back.
No way! Id never abandon Psyduck like that.
Well, I think Psyduck has some good points.
Want me to take it off your hands?
I caught Psyduck and I plan to keep it,
even if its still annoying when I get it back.
That looks tasty.
Hey, its a restaurant.
-Come to think of it, Im really starving. -Hey, look at this.
All-you-can-eat-for free. All right!
Im heading straight for the dessert bar.
It cant really be free, can it?
Theres got to be a catch, like you got to order ten dinners to get one free.
Well, Id eat ten dinners if they came with ten desserts.
-Ah! -
No need to eat that much unless yall really want to.
The buffet is free on one condition.
Whats the condition?
Well, just show me my favorite Pokemon
and Ill treat you to all the food you can eat,
plus all the deserts you can eat, too.
-Yeah! -Im sure one of us has your favorite.
Okay! Come out, everybody!
Mm, hmm.
Hm.
None of these.
Ah!
-Well, how about Pikachu? -Pikachu!
Mm, Im afraid not.
Maybe your favorites Onyx, or Geodude, or Zubat, or maybe its Vulpix.
Uh-uh.
Well, how about Goldeen, Staryu, Starmie, Horsea or maybe my Togepi?
None of them is my favorite.
Aw!
But thats all of our Pokemon.
Maybe its a Pokemon we havent caught yet.
My favorite Pokemon is this one.
Huh? Psyduck?
Youre a Psyduck fan?
Hey, that looks like a picture I took.
I think Psyduck is the greatest thing since the invention of the microwave oven.
Im such a big fan that whenever a customer brings in a Psyduck,
I let them eat for free.
Sir, if we come back in a couple minutes, will you be here?
Sure. Ive got to wait here for a delivery of 50 gallons of ice cream.
Yay, yay, yay! Heh, back in a flash!
Thats typical. It figures Psyduck isnt around the one time I really need it.
Youre the one who left it at that center.
Ah, its already closed!
Ah, guess well have to come back tomorrow.
We wont get that free buffet today.
No way! Im getting into that dessert bar now!
There might not be any ice cream left tomorrow!
Lets go see if theres a back way.
Hello! Anybody there? I need to get the Pokemon I left here.
Please come open the door so I can get back to that dessert buffet.
Huh? Its open.
Hello? Is there anybody who can get my Pokemon?
Is there anybody who can help me?
Theres nobody here.
Is there anyone here who can help us? Its so dark. I cant see.
Hey, I got a light.
-Ah, what is this? -Its the Pokemon. Oh.
This doesnt look like a luxury hotel to me.
This is cruel. Theyre crammed into cages.
Pika.
These Pokemon dont look like they want to smile for the camera.
Huh? Hey, heres your Psyduck.
I have to say, it looks a little smarter than when I dropped it off.
Take a closer look. They just pulled its eyes back with tape.
- Thats terrible! -Psy-ay.
Huh?
Whats that?
The next Pokemon's a Sandshrew.
Hm, looks like this one is in pretty good shape.
It could be very useful, as long as we can teach it to use fury swipes.
Weve got an awful lot of Pokemon piled up in this dump.
Yeah, just goes to prove that a lot of Pokemon trainers are suckers.
Now all we have to do is pick out the choice Pokemon
-and ship them out to the boss. -Well be his absolute favorites.
-And well be in for a big bonus. -This breeding center was a great idea.
We believe in love power. Thats because we love power.
- So its all a big fake. -Weve got to do something to stop them.
We cant let them treat Pokemon like this.
-Hey, I think I have an idea. -Pika, pika?
Ill take pictures of this place so everyone can see whats happening.
Yeah, thats a great idea.
So tell me, how is the breeding center scam going?
Very well. As planned, weve collected lots of promising Pokemon.
Excellent. Send them to me immediately.
I want to pick the choice ones for myself.
Yes, sir.
I want to congratulate the two of you on your splendid work on this project,
unlike those other blundering idiots.
Just doing our job.
But I dont know how you put up with that Jessie or her stupid partner James.
Theyre an embarrassment.
They are completely unreliable.
Its a good thing we didnt tell them about this plan. They wouldve ruined it.
Butch, Cassidy, you know Im counting on you.
Yes, sir.
We wont disappoint you.
-Todd, take a picture of that. There. -Huh?
Okay.
-Huh? -What, Butch? Something wrong?
I thought I saw something back there.
-It looked like a flash. - Oh.
I better go check it out.
Chu! Pikachu! Chu!
The light was only from this Pikachu.
-You pulled it off, Pikachu. -Pika.
I think I have all the shots Im going to need.
Good. We better get out of here quick.
-Wait, we cant. Psyduck. -Whats wrong?
The cage is locked. I cant just leave Psyduck trapped in this awful place.
Psyduck.
Uh, whats that?
- Be quiet as a mouse. - Did you say Meowth?
This way.
This is so exciting!
-Ugh. -Keep it quiet, James Bond.
Breaking into this breeding center was genius. Its a burglars dream.
I told you this place was going to be packed with Pokemon.
And were going to steal every last one.
Thatll put us back on the bosss good side.
But weve never been on his good side before.
Almost got it.
All the Pokemon we could ever want.
- Hey! - Huh?
What are you doing here?
I put that very same question to you.
Keep it down. Youll get us all in trouble.
How did you get in here anyway?
Dont tell me you goody-goodies finally decided to become baddy-baddies.
Youd better not try to take over our territory.
I knew all along we couldnt trust you.
Will you shut up! Ah!
This time, youre in way over your heads.
Shes right. We better get these Pokemon out of here fast or were all in danger.
I know what youre doing.
Youre trying to trick us into helping you steal all these Pokemon for yourselves.
Fine, believe what you want.
Huh?
I knew there was something rotten back here.
And I was right. Looks like rats have snuck in.
-What should we do? -Well exterminate them.
-Were not afraid of creeps like you. -Lets mix it up.
-You dont know who youre dealing with. -But well be glad to show you.
Prepare for trouble and make it double.
-To infect the world with devastation. -To blight all peoples in every nation.
To denounce the goodness of truth and love.
To extend our wrath to the stars above.
-Cassidy. -Butch.
Were Team Rocket, circling earth all day and night.
Surrender to us now or youll surely lose the fight.
Thats right.
Copycat!
Does this mean you belong to Team Rocket, too?
Jessie, its been a while.
-Do you know that girl? -She used to hang around with me.
She was jealous because Im so beautiful.
You havent changed a bit, unfortunately for you.
And youre still a selfish little brat. How dare you use that motto.
Its an outrage! It took us months to find a motto we could swipe!
Steal your own slogan.
Save your arguments for the boss when he finds out youre stealing his Pokemon.
- -Were in trouble.
The boss is really ticked off that he hasnt heard from you.
He thinks its insulting!
But we cant call him till we do something wrong right.
-He might throw us off the team. -Ugh.
We got this mission because the boss cant trust you.
When he finds out that you managed to bungle it anyway,
well, I hate to think what might happen to you,
but I suppose getting thrown off the team is the best you could hope for after this.
Isnt that right, Jess?
Wed be infernally grateful if you could forget this ever happened.
Heh, whats it worth to you?
-Not so fast, children. -Ugh.
Now that you know our little secret, Im afraid we cant let you leave.
We dont know anything about any secrets!
We were just trying to get a free all-you-can-eat buffet!
You kids cant get away from me. Im not a little pushover like Jessie.
Lets make a run for it.
Whats the matter?
This is the breeding center where I left my Weepinbell the other day.
It evolved into a Victreebell! Isnt that just...
I just wish his brain would evolve a little.
-Theres the exit! -Pikachu!
-Were trapped! -What do we do?
-Misty, you better hide. -Okay. Pikachu, come on!
Our rat trap worked.
You crooks better let us out of here.
-Whats that? -Its mine!
You wont be needing this.
Burglars! Oh, Im still shaking like a leaf, Officer.
Thank goodness our security system stopped them before they hurt the Pokemon, oh.
Dont worry. Well make sure these thieves are punished.
Thanks to you, our citys a little safer.
Im telling you, youre arresting the wrong guys. Were innocent.
-Those guys are the crooks, not us. -Hey, speak for yourself.
Look in the warehouse. Ugh, then youll see.
Save your story for the station house.
This is the low point, turned in not by these brats but by our own teammates.
Great, now were going to jail.
Oh, no, now weve got to find some way to convince Jenny that theyre innocent.
-Pika. - Think, Misty.
Theres got to be some way. Ah, Ive got it!
All we have to do is show Jenny some of the pictures that Todd took.
-Pikachu. -Togepi.
Excuse me. I left a Psyduck here yesterday.
We have a two-day holding policy.
Ugh, but you see, I have to take an emergency trip
and I really need my Psyduck to come with me.
I understand. Just a moment, please.
-Okay, Pikachu. -Pika.
-Toge. -You stay here.
Pi, pi. Pika, pika.
Pikachu sure is taking a long time. I wish it would hurry.
- Miss. -Yes?
Pika.
Pika!
Im afraid there wasnt time to give your Psyduck a proper facial,
so there hasnt been much improvement.
-Dont you have to leave? -Huh?
Uh, well, Im not in that much of a hurry.
-Huh? -Pika.
-Ah! - Is something wrong?
On second thought, I got to run. Bye!
Let us out. Were not the crooks!
Those two at that breeding center are the criminals!
-Thats right! Not us! - Just go there and see for yourself.
Wow, it grew into a fabulous Victreebell.
Its so big and strong and healthy-looking. Friendly. too.
If youre trying to win sympathy, it wont work.
The judge is going to throw the book at you Pokemon snatchers.
-Youre making a mistake. -Pika, pika!
Misty! Pikachu!
These guys have been telling the truth, Officer Jenny,
and these photographs prove it.
-Ah, what a cute little Pikachu. -Huh?
Ah, wrong pictures. Look at these.
Oh, no, thats terrible.
That place isnt a real a breeding center.
They just steal the best Pokemon that are brought in.
Those two told me the center was like a Pokemon spa.
-That was a lie. -They cram the Pokemon into cages.
Pika, pika.
Thats why they told you we were the crooks
-because we found out about their plans. -They tricked me?
When we heard what those crooks were up to, we went to stop them too.
-Its true. Honest. -Yeah, were good guys.
Please. They broke into the breeding center just to steal Pokemon.
So you thought you could frame these kids
when it was you who were really stealing Pokemon.
Youre under arrest!
-But were not- - We already know everything.
Theres no use resisting.
Raticate, go!
Go, Pikachu!
-Raticate got fried. -Tough break.
- Lets go. -Ugh.
-Bulbasaur, I choose you! -Bulbasaur!
-Bulbasaur, its vine whip time! -Bulba.
Love power?
Pikachus the one who snuck into the breeding center
-and got the camera back. -Pikachu, youre the best.
Pika.
Heh, good thing Todd takes great pictures.
Yeah!
You all did a great job.
Now well return all the Pokemon to their rightful owners.
Thats great, Jenny.
- Anybody hungry? - Huh?
-More ice cream! -Take it easy.
-Yeah, leave some for the other customers. -Pikachu, pi.
Dont worry. Theres plenty of ice cream left, Misty.
And all of its free,
since you brought this cute little Psyduck to visit my restaurant.
You have good taste.
I cant stand it here. Theres not a single mirror in our cell.
I refuse to wear those horrible prison uniforms.
And I would give this food to a Muk.
We shouldnt have tried to steal from that friend of yours, Jessie.
Ill show her whos the queen of mean.
I guess you guys are heading to Cinnabar Island, right?
Thats right.
Well, I think Im going to head up to the mountains
so I can take some new shots of wild Pokemon.
-Thats great. -Well all miss you.
-Bye! I hope we meet again real soon. -Mm-hmm.
And so thanks to a few photographs,
getting out of jail was a snap for our heroes.
As they continue their journey,
who knows what adventures lie ahead... or below?
James, watch where youre throwing that dirt.
Watch? I cant see a foot in front of my face.
If you dont quit squawking, you'll see a foot in front of your face, mine!
You guys up for the Pokerap?
Theres 150 Pokemon. You gotta name'em all.
Im doing 32 today, so try to keep up.
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all, Pokemon! J
J Zubat, Primeape, Meowth, Onix Geodude, Rapidash, Magneton, Snorlax J
J Gengar, Tangela, Goldeen, Spearow Weezing, Seel, Gyarados, Slowbro J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Kabuto, Persian, Paras, Horsea Raticate, Magnemite, Kadabra, Weepinbell J
J Ditto, Cloyster, Caterpie, Sandshrew Bulbasaur, Charmander, Golem, Pikachu J
J To be a Pokemon Master is my destiny J
All right, howd you do?
Loosen those lips. Shake out that tongue!
Give it a rest. Todays song is sung
Well be back tomorrow!
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all, Pokemon! J
J To catch them is my real test To train them is my cause J
J I will travel across the land Searching far and wide J
J Teach Pokemon to understand The power that's inside J
J Pokemon! Gotta catch'em all J
J It's you and me I know it's my destiny! Pokemon! J
J Oh, you're my best friend In a world we must defend J
J Pokemon! Gotta catch'em all J
J A heart so true Our courage will pull us through J
J You teach me and I'll teach you J
J Pokemon! Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all Pokemon! J
