J To catch them is my real test To train them is my cause J
J I will travel across the land Searching far and wide J
J Teach Pokemon to understand The power that's inside J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all It's you and me J
J I know it's my destiny Pokemon J
J Oh, you're my best friend In a world we must defend J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all Our hearts so true J
J Our courage will pull us through J
J You teach me and I'll teach you J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all Pokemon J
The road's got to be somewhere.
Everything's somewhere.
Ash, have you gotten us lost again?
Well, here's a familiar scene. Wandering in a forest,
it appears our friends have once again lost their way.
Pikachu.
It's been quite a while since Ash left his home in the town of Pallet,
and a lot has happened since he began his Pokemon journey.
He's already earned two of the qualifying badges
for participation in the Pokemon League,
a boulder badge and a cascade badge.
Pretty impressive, huh?
You didn't earn those badges.
You got them just because Brock and my sister felt sorry for you.
-I did too. -Mm.
Chill out, guys.
Either way, Ash here has two badges and six Pokemon.
He needs those six Pokemon to compete in the Pokemon League.
That's right, Brock.
In the league, a trainer is allowed to carry six Pokemon at a time.
What are their names again, Ash?
Their names are...
-Pikachu. - Pikachu,
- Pidgeotto. -
- Butterfree. Bulbasaur. -Bulbasaur.
- Charmander. -Char.
- Squirtle. -Squirtle. Squirtle.
And I caught them all fair and square.
Caught them? Ash, all your Pokemon followed you.
Well, heh, they're all mine,
and that's all that really counts for a Pokemon trainer.
This may come as a surprise to you,
but real Pokemon trainers actually catch Pokemon on their own.
You never give me a break.
That's because you keep bragging about those two badges.
It's really not unusual for most trainers to capture 20 or 30 Pokemon.
You're lucky your Pokemon follow you around.
And don't forget, Ash, you had our help too.
Yeah, don't forget about that, Ash.
You're always putting me down.
But I'll show you.
I'm going to prove to you that I can do it.
I'm going to be a Pokemon master.
Stand back and watch me work.
Mystery At The Lighthouse
Whoa!
Ash finds his way out of the woods,
and discovers a beautiful beach and a sparkling blue ocean.
But he seems disappointed.
I don't want to watch the sunset. I want more Pokemon. Huh?
Hey, wait. Stay here. Don't go. Come back.
It's a Pokemon.
Krabby. Lives near the shore.
Its average height is about 16 inches.
A Pokemon's a Pokemon, I guess.
But this Krabby sure is shrimpy.
Uh, I didn't mean to insult you, Krabby.
You're a cute little-
Aah!
Showdown time.
Tiny or not, you are a Pokemon,
and I'll show Misty and Brock that I can catch you.
Poke Ball, go!
Now, I really caught one.
Good try, Krabby, but not good enough.
- -Huh?
What happened? Where'd my new Krabby go? Aah!
I don't see it anywhere. Where'd it go?
Didn't you know that a trainer can only keep six Pokemon?
Huh?
Trainers can only have six Pokemon, and the rest are transported.
Yeah, but you can switch one Pokemon for another
by pressing the white button inside your Pokedex.
-Uh... you mean this button? - Right.
It sends a signal to activate the system that makes the exchange.
But I don't want to exchange my Pokemon.
Then shut your Pokedex and quit whining.
I wasn't whining. I just wanted to know where my Krabby went.
Oh, you don't have to worry about that.
Your Krabby got transported to a place for safekeeping.
Where does it get transported to?
Your Pokemon gets transported to wherever you got your Pokedex from.
Then that means Krabby must be with...
Here's your Pikachu!
It's with Professor Oak.
That's right. Krabby just got transported automatically
to Professor Oak's Pokemon laboratory, so don't worry about it.
So, Krabby's with Professor Oak, huh?
Oh, now, I'm doubly worried.
Isn't there any way I can make sure it's okay?
We could call Professor Oak to check on it.
But we haven't passed a phone all day,
and this beach is pretty far out of the way.
There's got to be a phone around here someplace.
I've got to check on Krabby.
I'm more worried about having to camp out again tonight.
I'm sick of sleeping in sleeping bags.
I'm just worried about finding a way to find out if poor little Krabby's okay.
Pika! Pika!
-Pika? -Pika?
What's that?
It's a lighthouse.
A lighthouse!
Every lighthouse has to have a keeper, and he'll have a phone.
And I'm going to use it to call Professor Oak.
And there'll probably be some extra beds.
A sleeping bag is no way for me to get my beauty sleep.
Yeah, and there'll be somebody there to tell us where we are.
Let's go!
-All right. -Yeah!
Whew. That was farther than it looked.
This lighthouse looks weird.
-Guess we better ring the bell. -I got it.
Who's there?
Uh, excuse us, sir, but we're travelers, and we're lost.
We've got a small emergency here,
and we need to use your telephone, please, sir.
We've been camping out for quite a while, and I'd sure appreciate a nice, comfy bed.
And I wonder if I could use your kitchen
to make some bacon double cheeseburgers for our group.
And I'd be more than happy to make something for you.
That's great. Can you cook without using tofu?
Oh, sure, I can cook lots of things without using any tofu.
That's good.
I've been eating nothing but tofu since my cook went on vacation.
Come on in.
Would you mind if I borrow your phone?
There's a phone right near you.
-Huh? -Huh?
Hey, it's a videophone. Oh, that's cool.
I'll call Professor Oak now, and see if he has my Pokemon.
I'm sure Krabby's in great shape.
The professor won't mind if I call him collect.
Uh...
Well, hi, Ash. You caught me cooking dinner.
My cook is on vacation,
and I've got to fend for myself till she returns.
Wait a minute, professor. You're not eating my Krabby, are you?
Don't worry. I'm taking good care of your Krabby. It's right here.
Anyway, that Krabby of yours is too small to make a very hearty meal.
On the other hand, the Krabby that Gary caught would make an excellent dinner.
Much better than tofu.
What? You mean Gary caught a Krabby too?
Yes, it's quite a catch.
Take a look for yourself.
- -Awesome.
I want you to know that my grandson Gary has already caught 45 Pokemon.
Forty-five Pokemon?
Pikachu?
By the way, Ash, just where are you calling me from anyway?
We're at an old lighthouse way up on top of a cliff.
Oh, that must be Bill's lighthouse.
He's a young Pokemon researcher who knows even more than me.
See what you can learn from him.
He could teach you just about everything about Pokemon, and then some.
This is Bill, Professor Oak. Good to hear from you.
Hello, Bill. Please give my friends a crash course in Pokemon.
Uh-oh. Tofu's done.
Well, there's no way I can ignore a request from the great Professor Oak.
I am Bill of the lighthouse.
According to the phone book,
that lighthouse belongs to Bill, the famous Pokemon researcher.
Then I guess we've come to the right place, huh?
There must be zillions of rare Pokemon stored inside that lighthouse.
Then there's only one thing for us to do.
Right. Sneak in and take everything we can grab.
How shall we sneak in?
We could take the road, or risk our lives by climbing up the cliffs.
-Well, we certainly can't take the road. -We have to climb up those cliffs.
'Cause we're the bad guys
and the bad guys always got to sneak in.
It's time for us to rain on someone's parade again. James!
Jessie.
We're back-to-back, so prepare for trouble.
Watch your step or we'll make it double.
To protect the world from devastation...
To unite all peoples within our nation...
To denounce the evils of truth and love...
To extend our reach to the stars above...
-Jessie! Ha! -James!
Team Rocket, blast off at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare to fight.
Meowth! That's right.
To be truly great criminals, we have to do things the hard way.
And then we'll become hardened criminals.
But it will be tough to reach the top.
Because we're afraid of heights!
It can't be. That's a Kabuto, an extinct Pokemon.
I wonder what it's doing here.
No, I'm not a Kabuto.
I'm Bill, the Pokemon researcher.
Wait, are you a human being or a Pokemon?
This is a costume. I'm stuck inside it.
Do you need help getting out?
-Yes, step up here. -Tell me what to do.
Push that button.
-This one here? - Yes. These arms are too short.
I tried to get out, but I couldn't reach the button.
Thanks for helping me get out.
I've been stuck in that costume for hours.
Did you come from a costume party?
No, it's not for a party.
This is a special costume that I use in my research.
Getting inside its skin helps me get inside its head.
What do you mean?
There are many kinds of extinct Pokemon,
and I want to understand how they lived.
Putting on a costume is one way of trying to figure out what they were like.
You can understand what a Pokemon was like from wearing a costume?
Yes, indeed. Or I'm beginning to.
This planet was created 4.6 billion years ago.
During that time, all kinds of Pokemon existed.
They had many ways of living.
All kinds of Pokemon? How many?
On this planet, there are more than 150 known species of Pokemon.
Over 150?
You're lucky to be Pokemon trainers.
Your goal is to catch all of these different kinds of Pokemon.
That's a great task.
Yeah, but so far I've only gotten seven.
There sure are a lot of-
Of course, these are just the Pokemon we know about.
There are still many Pokemon that have never been discovered,
so we need to keep searching.
How many could there be?
No one knows exactly. The search goes on.
There's always something new to look for in our lives and in ourselves.
Something to look for?
Yes, there's a lot for us to look for, inside and outside ourselves.
There's meaning for every creature,
a meaning for all the Pokemon, and a meaning for all us humans too.
A meaning for all.
Sometimes, I wonder what the meaning of it all is.
Why do I go to all this trouble just to be bad?
It's so we can get other people's Pokemon.
I'm all for it, just as long as there's something in it for Meowth.
Keep looking for new Pokemon to catch.
It's something that's very important for Pokemon research.
It's as vital to me as it is to you.
Right now, though, there's only one Pokemon I'm searching for.
What kind of Pokemon?
It's probably the biggest Pokemon ever.
Bigger than all of the rest. And no one has ever seen it.
It's been wandering the world for years and years,
looking for friends.
But doesn't that Pokemon have any friends or family?
The Pokemon wanders because it's alone.
It's the only Pokemon of its species, one of a kind.
One night, I heard this very strange sound coming across the ocean.
I want... I want to meet you. That's what it said to me.
Pika.
Some time ago, I recorded a similar sound,
and played it from the lighthouse towards the ocean.
Let's be friends. I want to meet you.
One day, I heard the same voice calling back to me from over the ocean.
I want to meet you too. I want to be friends.
It was answering me back.
Some foggy night, that Pokemon might come here
to meet a friend it's been seeking for a very long time.
I would be so happy to meet that Pokemon.
But will you try to capture the Pokemon?
Why do I need to capture it?
Meeting it would be enough for me.
Just a chance to study it would make my long wait worthwhile.
- -Hmm? Huh?
It's here. The signal.
It sounds like it's singing.
-Would you care to dance? -Oh, thank you.
J Pikachu... J
-What beautiful music. -it's very haunting. Yet so sweet.
Look! It's coming from that thing!
-That's a big Pokemon. -So size does matter.
Something so rare and unusual.
You know what that means. Let's grab it for ourselves.
Quite right. I'll attack it at once.
But it seems a shame to aim at such a sweet creature.
Of course it's a shame. We built our fame on shame.
Go on! Fire! It's all the shame to me.
-Ah! -
Please don't go, Pokemon! Please stay with us!
I've waited so long for a chance to see you here.
Pokemon, wait!
Do we always have to mess up everyone's plans?
Even I think this is rotten.
Quit complaining. We could score big with this Pokemon.
We're blasting off again!
Pokemon.
What kind of Pokemon was that anyway?
Who knows?
Pokemon live in more ways and places than humans may ever learn.
What in the world was that?
One of the rarest Pokemon around.
It's exactly the type we've been trying to capture.
We missed our chance, but we can keep dreaming.
When our Pokemon dreams come true, it's going to be somebody's nightmare.
After all, tomorrow is another day.
I think looking for and catching Pokemon should help bring all of us together.
Learning to raise Pokemon is another way of understanding how to live with them.
And Pokemon are always lots of fun to play with.
Meanwhile, I'll stand watch for the giant Pokemon
to appear at my lighthouse again.
Bill, do you think we'll ever find all the Pokemon there are?
No, Ash, there are probably as many as we can imagine. Maybe many, many more.
Maybe there's no limit to the Pokemon we can actually find on this planet.
Ash, you're a Pokemon trainer.
I'm a Pokemon researcher, seeking out all kinds of life on this planet.
Even if our paths are different, I think our goals are the same.
Mm-hmm.
Over time, we uncover new information
about the mysterious ways of the Pokemon.
The more knowledge we gain,
the more we realize how little we actually do know.
And so the journey of discovery continues
in the incredible world of Pokemon.
J Pokemon J
It's that time again.
150 Pokemon, five days a week!
That's about 30 or so each day.
It's not too hard. Just listen real good.
J Alakazam, Doduo, Venonat Machoke, Kangaskhan, Hypno J
J Electabuzz, Flareon, Blastoise Poliwhirl, Oddish, Drowzee J
J Raichu, Nidoqueen Bellsprout, Starmie J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Metapod, Marowak, Kakuna Clefairy, Dodrio, Seadra J
J Vileplume, Krabby, Likitung Tauros, Weedle, Nidoran J
J Machop, Shellder Porygon Hitmonchan J
J And there's 150 or more to see J
J To be a Pokemon Master Is my destiny J
Okay, so today was pretty easy.
But you got to put all five days together.
It's the only way to name all 150.
Catch you here tomorrow.
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all, Pokemon J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Oh, gotta catch'em all, Pokemon J
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all, Pokemon J
J To catch them is my real test To train them is my cause J
J I will travel across the land Searching far and wide J
J Each Pokemon to understand The power that's inside J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all It's just you and me J
J I know it's my destiny Pokemon J
J Oh, you're my best friend In a world we must defend J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all Our hearts so true J
J Our courage will pull us through J
J You teach me and I'll teach you Pokemon J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Pokemon J
