J To catch them is my real test To train them is my cause J
J I will travel across the land Searching far and wide J
J Teach Pokemon to understand The power that's inside J
J Pokemon! Gotta catch'em all It's you and me J
J I know it's my destiny Pokemon J
J Oh, you're my best friend In a world we must defend J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all Our hearts so true J
J Our courage will pull us through J
J You teach me and I'll teach you Pokemon J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all, Pokemon J
As our story continues,
we once again find our friends traveling together on their Pokemon journey
in perfect harmony.
Im not letting you out of my sight, Ash Ketchum,
until you pay for my broken bike.
My bike! My bike! Thats all I ever hear from you.
Right! And my name may be Misty,
but Im perfectly clear about what you owe me
and youre not going to get away without paying.
Maybe if you two had spent less time arguing
and paid more attention to where were going,
wed already be in Vermilion City by now.
Come on, were already late. Weve got to start the show.
Chu.
I think we all need a little break.
Why dont I just throw a little something together?
Ah! Theres nothing as satisfying as a cup of 100 Cerulean coffee.
You kids are too young for this stuff but its really quite good.
- How about some prune juice? -I think Ill pass.
-How about some herbal tea? -You must be kidding.
Not so fast, Ash. I brought my official Pokemon tea set.
Now, of course, the key to good tea and coffee is good water,
and I just happen to have a generous supply of sparkling,
delicious Mt. Moon pure spring water.
And for the special snack, I have for you some French crepes.
I love French things. Theyre so romantic, arent they?
All that crunching and slurping is ruining my romantic daydreams.
- Ah, by the way. - Huh?
I cant cook crepes and I cant boil water if I dont have a fire!
One of you is going to have to go into the forest and carry back some firewood.
Thats a very excellent idea, Brock,
and Im willing to sacrifice the excitement of searching for firewood
to stay here and keep you company.
-Well, I guess that means that... -Yeah, Im going. Uh!
Here, firewood. Here, firewood.
No firewood here, Pikachu. Why do I have to do all the dirty-?
-Pika pi. Pikachu. -Hmm?
Hey, looks like a fire.
All right, whats the name of this one?
Is it a Zubat?
Listen, just because its foggy out here
doesnt mean your brain has to be in a fog.
-Its a Pidgey. -Nice guess. You just got lucky.
Okay, now tell us what its special attack is.
Pidgeys attack is Gust.
At level 5, Sand Attack. At level 12-
Everybody knows that. Now can you just tell me at which level Pidgey evolves
and whats the name of Pidgeys advanced stage?
Um...
You better come up with answers quick or youll have to run faster.
-Im sorry. I forgot. -
You forgot. Huh, and you call yourself a Pokemon Tech student.
Well, we dont want to study with the likes of you.
Im sorry.
Hey, leave that kid alone. Whats going on here?
Theres nothing going on here. Mind your own business.
This is a private training session.
Theres no room in our Pokemon school for losers
who dont even know Pidgeys evolved stage.
We have to maintain standards.
I dont know anything about this school of yours,
but if its turning out students like you,
Id have to say the standards are pretty low.
Thats right, Ash. You tell them. -Misty?
You better stop bullying that kid
or youll have to answer to us, right, Ash?
Misty, you stay out of this. Leave it to me.
Youre right, Ash. Theres no reason for both of us to get into a fight.
Its very brave of you to take on all five by yourself.
Ill be here on the sidelines, cheering you on,
waiting to drag your carcass away at the end.
- Show them youre a man, Ash. -We dont fight.
Fighting is for cavemen. This isnt the Stone Age, you know.
And if we wasted our time having a fight with a little insect like you,
itd just make Pokemon Tech look really bad.
-Well see you back at the Tech, Joe. -Okay.
Hey, maybe you cowards are just afraid to fight someone like me.
The only thing were afraid of is
how badly wed beat a little punk like you.
Who do those guys think they are?
-So those are the infamous Tech students. -Tech students?
Pokemon Tech. I think its short for Pokemon Technical,
a school for Pokemon trainers.
I know I had a flier here somewhere. Yeah, here it is.
A Pokemon school in the middle of nowhere?
Hm, lets see what it says here about the place.
Pokemon Technical Institute.
A boarding school for serious Pokemon trainer preparation.
All students guaranteed to enter Pokemon league upon graduation.
Pokemon Technical is the educational facility
for exceptional students who want to become Pokemon trainers
in a very short time
without having to travel on difficult badge-collecting journeys.
Oh, so thats the story.
Getting into the Pokemon League without badges is too easy.
Wait, theres more.
Students entrance fees and tuition are in keeping with the highest standards
set by Pokemon Technical.
You know what that means, dont you?
Its one of those snobby private schools only millionaires kids can go to.
Oh, that really makes me mad.
Where is this place, anyway?
-Its right over there. -Huh?
Todays special class, fog battle techniques, is now ended.
Tomorrows lesson will be snow competition secrets.
Oh, well. I guess tomorrow theyll make me into a snowman again.
Do they treat you like that all the time?
-My friends are just trying to help me. -You call them friends?
With friends like that, who needs enemies?
But they helped me learn that Pidgey evolves to Pidgeotto at level 18,
it learns Whirlwind at level 21, Wing Attack at level 31,
and that as its level rises, it learns various tricks.
After evolving to Pidgeot, it can fly at 1200 meters and speeds of up to Mach 2.
I dont get it. If you know everything about Pidgey,
why didnt you just answer them before?
Sometimes, I make believe that I dont know all the answers,
because if I do, they make the questions that much harder.
But I have to stay here at Pokemon Tech.
My mother and father worked hard and saved money,
so they could pay to send me to school here.
You see that guy over there? Hes an upperclassman.
The classes are so hard here, some students are held back for many years.
Everybodys too ashamed to go home without getting a diploma.
That guy, hes in the beginners class with me.
Youre a beginner?
Beginners have the same qualifications as someone with two badges,
the intermediate class has the qualifications of four,
and advanced students have the same as six.
If you graduate, you can enter the Pokemon League
without traveling around to collect the badges.
That guys a beginner,
but hes so much older than everybody in the class,
the kids dont bother to help him like they help me.
What do the teachers say about that kind of help?
They dont even know about it or if they do, they pretend not to.
Well, I for one think this is a violation of students rights
that must stop immediately, if not sooner.
I want to meet the student in charge of this system and Ill see that it stops.
-Mm, heres a picture. -
- Its a girl? -Oh, yeah, youre right about that.
She can violate my rights if-
Hey! If shes making your life so miserable,
how come youre carrying her picture around?
I hate the way she treats us but I like the way she looks.
Yeah, not like some other girls who treat you bad and look even worse.
While you two are slobbering over that dopey picture,
Im going to find this little witch and straighten her out.
Miss top student. Whats so great about her?
Hey, Misty, wait.
That place brings back memories, James.
It certainly does, Jessie, and all of them are awful.
Tell me your tale of failure again.
-We studied for the big test. -So sure we would beat all the rest.
And heres the part I like the best.
We frolicked that night, for our future seemed bright.
But things werent right.
We got the lowest scores in the history of the school.
-You should look on the bright side. - Whats the bright side?
At least you guys were the top of the bottom.
Youre the tops, Meowth. Such a kind little Pokemon. Ooh, ooh.
These two are worse off than I thought. I liked it better when they were nasty.
Giselle always practices here by herself.
Even if you beat her in a fight, it wont matter to her.
At the Tech, its your skill as a Pokemon trainer...
that counts more than winning in any one battle.
Thats what Im hoping because Ive got two badges.
But Giselle is the top beginner here at the tech.
Thats better than even having three badges.
Even though Im at the bottom of my class,
Im still more powerful than someone with two badges.
Argh! Hold on a second here.
I learned how to be a Pokemon trainer at the Cerulean City Gym.
Are you saying you can beat me?
Oh, Cerulean City. Water Pokemon.
-Howd you know? -I always beat them on the simulator. See?
What is this?
A simulations one thing but this is real life. Lets battle.
Youll be sorry.
- What do you two have to battle for? -Butt out, Ash.
I have the Cerulean City Gyms reputation to defend
and Im going to defend it.
Misty calls Starmie!
Too bad your water Pokemon wont be able to beat my plant.
All right, Weepinbell, lets go.
Bell.
Ill teach him about Pokemon. Starmie, go!
- -Huh?
Oh, but Weepinbell is strong against water Pokemon.
True, but theres one thing you didnt know.
Your opponents from the Cerulean City Gym.
Her Pokemon has much more experience battling.
You shouldve known that.
Youve an embarrassment to the whole school.
-But, Giselle- -Shes really pretty, isnt she?
-Yeah, just like a movie star. -They like stars, do they?
Ill be glad to show them some stars.
Im the top student in the beginning class
of the most exclusive prep school in the world, Pokemon Tech.
Its sad that others arent blessed with my beauty,
my talent, my humble attitude.
People call me a star but Im just Giselle.
I think shes even more conceited than we are.
-Yes, but shes awfully cute, isnt she? -Not as cute as Meowth.
- Oh, youre in the way. - Stop bothering us.
Meowth!
I want to continue to help my classmates be the very best they can be.
To teach each other, respect each other, and insure the Pokemon of tomorrow.
-But youre a weakling. -Uh.
Youd better get stronger fast or before you know it,
your fellow students will turn their backs on you for good.
Hmm.
Not so fast. A true friend wouldnt walk away from someone who needs their help.
You may look beautiful but you remind me of an old saying
about how beautys only skin deep.
Heh, jealousys not very pretty either, is it?
I better do something.
Wise Pokemon trainers never get involved in a cat fight.
Huh?
Against your water Pokemon, Ill choose...
Graveler. Go!
Graveler? But rock Pokemon are weak against water Pokemon.
But my Pokemon are at such an advanced level, they can beat water Pokemon.
I cant believe it.
Now were by the pool, your Pokemon's specialty.
You can use a different water Pokemon if you want.
Oh, and Im sure youll choose another Pokemon thats weak against water.
Pokemon are only as strong as the trainer who raises them.
A Pokemon thats weaker but better-trained can still win.
It depends on the trainer. I hope youre learning something from this, Joe.
A Pokemon's level of training is just as important a factor
as a Pokemon's type in deciding a match.
A first-class Pokemon trainer can calculate that.
Wait a minute. Theres more to Pokemon training than calculating levels.
-Who are you? -Im Ash Ketchum from Pallet,
and Ive already got two badges.
Heh, in other words, youre a beginner.
And how long have you been trying to become a Pokemon trainer?
Um, about two months, I guess.
Two whole months and you let your Pikachu walk free?
You havent even been able to tame it yet?
-Maybe your Pokemon are training you. -Chu!
I dont want to train Pikachu. Pikachus my friend,
and so are Butterfree and Pidgeotto.
-Is that all you have? -Huh?
Thats funny because even new Pokemon trainers
usually have at least six Pokemon and you got two badges with only three.
He sure was lucky, wasnt he?
Every one of mine has the power of two.
I wonder, with two months of Pokemon experience,
your Pikachu should be at least at level 25,
but its probably not there yet, is it?
I suppose you didnt know very much about Pokemon
if you picked a Pikachu as your first one. Pikachu tend to be hard to handle.
It says so in any beginning Pokemon manual.
You really didnt know?
And you still got two badges? How funny.
A Pikachu evolves into an electric Pokemon called Raichu.
It gets to be about 2 feet 7 inches tall.
Pikachu can shock you, but otherwise, its pretty cute, dont you think?
So if you dont let them evolve, they make great pets,
especially for little girls but Im sure you knew that, didnt you?
Really? You didnt? And you have two badges?
-Knock it off! -Pikachu.
Lets battle.
For your Pikachu, this should be more than a match.
Cubone, go!
Cubone, bone, bone, bone. Cubone. Cubone.
This Pikachu is my friend and its different from any other Pikachu.
-Shock Attack! -Pow!
Cubone, bone, bone, bone, bone, bone, bone. Cubone.
-What? -Pika?
Pikachu cant shock it.
Cubone, start things off with your Leer Attack.
-Cu-bone! -Pika. Chu.
Pikachu, stare it down. Like this.
Cubone, Cubone...
Cubone, Bone Club now!
Hey, thats not fair.
Im not playing around. This isnt a staring contest.
This is a contest of power and skill between two Pokemon.
Cubone, its time for the Bonemerang now.
Cubone, Cubone.
Oh! Pikachu!
Throwing that bone is a cheap way to win.
Well, thats Cubones special attack.
Its authorized by the Pokemon League and its perfectly legal.
-Its still a cheap trick. -
-Pikachu? -Cubone! Cubone!
-Oh, Pikachu! -Cubone.
Calling it a cheap trick simply proves your own ignorance.
Ugh, hang in there, Pikachu.
If your opponents attack is authorized, then fighting back is too.
Give it your best shot. Come on, Pikachu.
Bonemerang, now!
-Huh? -Go on, Pikachu.
-Give it everything youve got. -Pika!
-Cubone! -We did it!
Cubone!
I lost. Cubone, good try.
-Come on back. Dont cry. -Cubone.
Youll be okay now.
None of the textbooks ever mention a Pikachu winning
by anything other than electricity.
That was a once-in-a-lifetime battle.
And dont try to copy it. It was just kind of a fluke.
It was a cool fluke, wasnt it?
Theres another way to win thats not in the textbooks too, isnt there, James?
-Lets show them. -I cant believe I lost a match. Huh?
Oh, no, its not-
Allow us to reintroduce ourselves.
-To protect the world from devastation. -To unite all peoples within our nation.
-To denounce the evils of truth and love. -To extend our reach to the stars above.
-Jessie. -James.
Team Rocket, blast off at the speed of light.
-Surrender now or prepare to fight. -Meowth!
I love a splashy entrance.
Ive heard of Team Rocket.
Youre the ones who got the worst grades ever on the entrance exam.
-How about your team versus our team? - Yeah. Yeah.
-The two of us against all of them? -But the rules say one on one.
Bad guys dont play by the rules. Get them!
- - Too many poke balls!
From now on, we play by the rules!
At least for a little while.
Looks like Team Rockets blasting off again.
There are some things you just cant learn in school and thats a good lesson.
Im going back home to start from scratch with my first Pokemon,
just like Ash did.
Hey, Giselle, maybe well meet someday in the Pokemon League.
I hope so.
Ill try my hardest to be a worthy opponent if we do.
All right, if I keep your picture with me?
Sure. I have pictures of my friends too.
-Huh? Do you have mine? -Were friends now, arent we?
-Good luck, Joe. -You too, Giselle.
See, why cant you and I be like that, Misty?
Huh? Ill tell you exactly why. Because he doesnt owe her a bike.
Ah!
So maybe well battle each other again someday.
-I sure hope so. -Me too.
So as Ash and his friends journey on,
they take one last look at the school where they learned so much.
-J Pokemon J -Attention all Pokemon Trainers
Do you got what it takes to be the best?
Today, we'll do 30 Pokemon.
It's the ultimate test.
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Articuno, Jynx, Nidorina, Beedrill Haunter, Squirtle, Chansey, Pokemon J
J Parasect, Exeggcute, Muk Dewgong Pidgeotto, Lapras, Vulpix, Rhydon J
J And there's 150 or more to see J
J To be a Pokemon Master Is my destiny J
J Charizard, Machamp, Pinsir Koffing Dugtrio, Golbat, Staru, Magikarp J
J Ninetales, Ekans, Omastar J
J Scyther Tentacool Dragonair, Magmar J
Not bad, not bad.
Hey, don't get cocky. Tomorrow's the hardest part.
We're on our way up to 150 Pokemon.
There's no stopping us.
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all, Pokemon J
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all, Pokemon J
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Pokemon J
