J To catch them is my real test To train them is my cause J
J I will travel across the land Searching far and wide J
J Teach Pokemon to understand The power that's inside J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all It's you and me J
J I know it's my destiny Pokemon J
J Oh, you're my best friend In a world we must defend J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all A heart so true J
J Our courage will pull us through You teach me and I'll teach you J
J Pokemon Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch them all Pokemon J
Hey! We're here!
After earning a soul badge at the Fuchsia Gym,
our friends arrive at the Safari Zone,
where they're sure to discover some new and unusual Pokemon.
-Hey, it feels like an earthquake! -Look out! Over there!
Uh, what is it?
-Pika! Pi! -Oh, man.
-What are those things? -Pika!
Tauros. A wild bull Pokemon.
When whipping itself with its three tails,
its tackle is a powerful destructive force.
Yes. Okay, Pikachu. Hmm? Huh?
Hey, Pikachu!
Nice time for a nap.
Don't you think Pikachu's outnumbered here?
I know that. Charmander, I choose you!
-Char! -Ember attack now!
Char!
What's that thing?
Growlithe. A puppy Pokemon of pleasant demeanor and great diligence.
It drives enemies away with barks and bites.
Growlithe?
All right, Charmander, flamethrower attack!
Char! Char!
So it's a fire type too.
Charmander, return!
Maybe Squirtle.
-Hold it! -
Whoa!
-Hey, what are you doing? -You little sidewinder,
don't tell me you don't know this whole area is a Pokemon reserve.
-A Pokemon preserve? -Yes.
What's that?
It's a place where it's against the law to capture Pokemon
so they can grow up here naturally.
That's amazing.
You grew up right pretty yourself, miss.
What's the name of this here place?
Have you ever heard of the Big P. Pokemon Ranch
that's owned by the Laramie family?
Isn't that the place where they raise lots of Pokemon in the wild?
Hey! This must be that place.
This is the Laramie Big P. Ranch, and I'm Lara Laramie.
Growlithe!
And this Growlithe makes sure nobody tries to capture our Pokemon.
- Oh. -Pikachu.
Ponyta. A fire horse Pokemon.
Its mane is made of intense flames.
-Whoa. -Pika.
-Isn't it real hot? -I don't need to worry
because Ponyta will never, ever burn anybody it really trusts.
Hmm.
Nice Ponyta.
It took a while for Ponyta to trust me too.
Just training one Pokemon's a big job, but a whole herd must be really tough.
Breeders love Pokemon from the Laramie ranch.
Because they're raised in the wild,
and they're a little stronger than other Pokemon.
You're lucky if you get a Big P. Pokemon.
I'm real glad some folks know about all the hard work we do.
We're real proud of the way we raise our Pokemon here.
I'd love to see more of this place.
Well, we're having our big party here tonight.
-Why don't you all come as my guests? -A party? That sounds great!
Pika! Pika!
And if you stay here at the ranch tonight,
you'll be able to see the big Pokemon race tomorrow.
A Pokemon race?
We race one another to find out who's got the best Pokemon.
Anybody who wins the Big P. Pokemon race
becomes an honorary member of the Laramie clan.
- -Huh?
The Tauros again?
No. That sound could only be...
-Oh, man. They move fast! -Howdy, Lara.
Dodrio. A three-headed bird Pokemon
that can run faster than it can fly.
Its three heads represent joy, sorrow and anger.
We're going to win the Pokemon race tomorrow.
Don't be too sure, pardner.
It takes more than just speed to win the race.
Just get ready to lose, Lara. Yee-hee!
What a jerk! Who is that guy?
He's Dario, a Dodrio trainer.
And we'll see what kind of guy he is.
Hey, Lara, good luck in the race tomorrow.
-We're all going to be rooting for you. -Thank you kindly.
- Your Ponyta's great. -Thank you, ma'am.
- Good luck, Lara! -Appreciate it.
Go for it, girl!
She must be a real contender in that race.
Well, she sure has done a great job training that Ponyta of hers.
We're really lucky to have run into such an incredible Pokemon breeder, aren't we?
Hey, Lara!
All of your Tauros are going crazy back at the ranch.
Huh?
Hyah!
-Let's go! -
Hey. What...?
Growlithe, get in there and settle them down.
Growlithe.
Growlithe. Growlithe. Growlithe.
Hmm. What's that?
Lara! Ponyta!
-Lara. -I think I'm okay.
Don't move that arm!
Whoa, Ponyta! Settle down!
Come on. Settle down. Calm down, Ponyta!
I wonder what happened to spook all the Pokemon.
He's good.
-Pretty nice work. -Even better than we planned it.
I have got a very good feeling about this one.
- Good work. -Huh?
I wouldn't expect anything less from Team Rocket.
-Meowth. -We're just here
to do the best job possible so we can all get just what we want.
Once Team Rocket gets in with the Laramie clan,
we'll make big bucks.
We're going to get rich and rule the world!
We're going to make sure that you win that race, Dario.
Uh-huh. If I get what I want, you get what you want.
Right, pardner.
With my arm like this, I can't grip Ponyta's reins,
so I won't be able to race tomorrow.
Too bad for the Laramie clan.
Hold on. Ash, you could ride Ponyta for me.
Huh?
I can't do it. Ponyta will burn any rider except you.
I'm sure you could do it.
When I saw you trying so hard to pet Ponyta,
I knew you could, Ash. Please give it a try.
Yeah, but...
Give it a try.
-We'll help you in every way we can. -Pika. Pikachu.
Well, in that case I'll do it.
Looks like we're partners, Ponyta.
-I guess Ponyta's not too cool with this. -Pika.
-Ponyta! -
Ponyta, if you win the race with a new rider,
it'll prove how great you really are.
Everybody'll know that you're the best of all.
And that is the best praise for me.
Won't you please let Ash ride you tomorrow?
Remember, Ponyta.
Hey, it's not hot.
I did it. Yeah!
Oh!
-At least he's hanging in there. -Pika.
sponsored by the Laramie clan.
Our course takes our challengers over rugged terrain
to test their speed and ability.
Whoever clears all the obstacles and crosses the finish line first
is our winner.
Will the Pokemon and trainers please come to the starting line now?
-Good luck, guys! -Huh?
Ready to race, Ponyta?
-Hey! -They're going to burn up the track!
Ready...
Go!
And they're off on this exciting Pokemon challenge race.
When the dust settles, we'll be able to see
who's in the early lead.
-Squirtle! -Pika!
Now the contestants have left the stadium
and are on the first part of the obstacle course.
-Yee-ha! -Pika, pika! Pi.
And Dario riding Dodrio has pulled away from the pack.
If he keeps up this blistering pace, he'll be unstoppable.
You can beat him, Ash.
And something has happened to the Tauros.
It's acting like this is a rodeo.
Whoa! And now Nidorina is fighting mad after getting bumped by Tauros.
They're ignoring their trainers and starting to battle.
These Pokemon could use some strict training.
They look like they're out of this race.
-I got a bull's-eye! -Or close to it.
The next obstacle is a 45-degree uphill climb,
a test of endurance for the Pokemon and their trainers,
and Dario still holds the lead.
Come on, Ponyta!
Squirtle. Squirtle.
Bringing up the rear are Pikachu and Squirtle,
but slow and steady may not be enough to win this race.
Whoa! Who is that barreling down the steep slope?
-What? -He's fast!
That's Electrode using its perfectly round body
to gain speed and take the lead on the downhill.
Oh, and it's another accident!
Electrode has fallen into a hole, and Dodrio once again takes over the lead.
Oh, no! Electrode's voltage level is too high!
-Ah! -Ash!
What a shock!
Electrode's most powerful attack: explosion.
It's destroyed everything around.
Electrode's living up to its bomb ball nickname.
Another one bites the dust.
-Pikachu. -
-Pikachu! -
- -Oh, no!
They're back up!
Ponyta and Lara's replacement, Ash, are showing that they've really got guts.
All right.
Now one of the most difficult sections of the course.
The Pokemon have to jump
from one stone to the next to cross the river.
Go! Go, Dodrio!
Ah!
That's okay. We tried.
Ah! Too bad, folks.
Rock Pokemon can't deal with water, so Onyx is out of here.
Pika!
And looks like surf's up for Pikachu.
Squirtle and Starmie are performing like true-blue water Pokemon.
-I'll keep on going, Brock! -Pikachu.
Ponyta's a great jumper and crossing beautifully,
with no fear of the water. It could make a comeback!
Faster! Faster! Faster!
That's it. You can do it, Ash.
Now to boost their energy, each Pokemon can resume the race
only after eating an entire bowl of food.
The Pokemon decide which bowl to eat.
Ah! Oh, quit fighting!
You'll all get your fair share.
It looks like each one of Dodrio's three heads
wants to eat first, and a fight's broken out!
The fastest runner is losing valuable time here
as Starmie, Squirtle and Ponyta appear on the scene.
Okay, Ponyta, time for some fast food.
All right, Team Rocket, time to go to work!
Ah!
We've got a major problem here, folks.
Black smoke is blowing over the course.
I hope our camera crew can get our picture back soon
and show us if there's been another accident out there.
Ponyta.
Prepare for trouble.
Make it double.
It's Team Rocket.
To protect the world from devastation.
To unite all peoples within our nation.
To denounce the evils of truth and love
To extend our reach to the stars above.
-Jessie. -James.
Team Rocket, blast off at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare to fight.
Meowth! That's right!
We don't have time to play around with you three stooges!
How dare compare us to the...
I mean, come on up. I'd like to have a word with you.
Yes, come on up and bring your Ponyta with you.
Then I can mess you up again.
Mess you up again? So it was Team Rocket!
It was you who broke Lara's arm.
-It was such a sad accident. -We couldn't sleep after it happened.
Save your tears!
Pikachu, Squirtle, get ready to rumble!
Squirtle!
This race is over for you, losers.
Arbok, glare attack!
-Squirtle! -Pika!
Let's go, Starmie!
Weezing, sludge attack now!
You okay, Starmie?
-I think we're winning. -I think you're right.
Whoa! Settle down, Ponyta.
Hey, calm down!
Dario. Now's your chance.
Thanks, Jessie! Go, Dodrio.
Team Rocket's working for Dario.
Ash! Forget about them.
You have to win this race for Lara Laramie.
Go catch up with Dario, and we'll take care of Team Rocket.
-But... But I... -Pika!
Stop Ponyta with your poison sting.
-Ar! -Ah!
Arbok!
Oh, no! Don't use the gas.
Things seemed to be going so well for us this time.
Maybe we'll have better luck next time.
Now we're blasting off again!
Yes. Now we've got our picture back and Dodrio is still in the lead!
Now let's take a look at what happened to the other Pokemon and I can't see any...
Wait. Who's that?
It's a giant burning flame!
Faster, Ponyta. We're way behind!
It's Ponyta! I don't know how it happened,
but it looks like this has become a two Pokemon race
between Dodrio and Ponyta,
with nothing left but a flat-out run to the finish line.
And Dodrio has entered the stadium, still in the lead!
I'm going to win this one!
Huh? How'd he get so close?
Now Ponyta's closing in on Dodrio.
Okay, Ponyta, let's beat him.
Now, these two powerful Pokemon
are trading the lead.
Do it, Dodrio.
Ah!
Something's happened. Ponyta is falling behind.
That was a cheap shot, Dario!
Dodrio is closing in on the finish line!
-Ponyta just- -Evolved into Rapidash.
Fans, this is incredible!
Ponyta has evolved into Rapidash,
the fastest sprinter in the world of Pokemon.
I can't believe it.
Here comes Rapidash,
who has a top speed of over 100 mile an hour!
And Rapidash has caught up!
They're neck and neck heading for the finish line.
Come on, Dodrio!
Rapidash!
It's down to the wire!
An incredible upset!
Rapidash makes an amazing comeback to win this Pokemon challenge!
-Way to go, Rapidash! -You cheater!
You interfered with me!
-You're the one who attacked me. -I'll show you.
Go get them!
Huh? Oh!
Congratulations, Ponyta... I mean, Rapidash!
You are this year's Pokemon challenge champion.
Let's give a big hand for its trainer, Lara Laramie,
and for the winning rider, Ash Ketchum!
- -Yeah!
Squirtle.
-Hey, congratulations, Lara. -Thank you, Ash.
You proved yourself to be a fantastic Pokemon trainer.
Isn't that right, Rapidash?
Aw, shucks, Rapidash!
If you're looking to capture Pokemon,
the Safari Zone just ahead should be perfect.
The Safari Zone? That's the place for me.
Thanks again, Ash. You did a great job.
I'm sure you'll be a Pokemon master.
Thanks, Lara, I'm much obliged.
As our heroes say goodbye to their new friend
at the Laramie Pokemon ranch,
they're headed for new adventures in the Safari Zone.
You're the reason I didn't win the Pokemon challenge.
Team Rocket's the worst.
We'll just have to plan better next year.
And maybe you can get yourself some nicer riding clothes.
And give that smelly bird a bath.
- - James! Stop this crazy thing!
J Pokemon! J
It's that time again.
A hundred and fifty Pokemon five days a week.
That's about 30 or so each day.
It's not too hard, just listen real good.
J Alakazam, Doduo, Venonat, Machoke J
J Kangaskhan, Hypno Electabuzz, Flareon J
J Blastoise, Poliwhirl, Oddish, Drowzee J
J Raichu, Nidoqueen Bellsprout, Starmie J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all Gotta catch'em all J
J Metapod, Marowak, Kakuna, Clefairy J
J Dodrio, Seadra, Vileplume, Krabby J
J Lickitung, Tauros, Weedle, Nidoran J
J Machop, Shellder, Porygon, Hitmonchan J
J To be a Pokemon Master is my destiny J
Okay, so today was pretty easy.
But you gotta put All five days together.
It's the only way to name all 150.
Catch you here tomorrow.
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Oh gotta catch'em all Pokemon J
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Ooh, gotta catch'em all Pokemon J
J Catch'em, catch'em Gotta catch'em all J
J Pokemon J
J To catch them is my real test To train them is my cause J
J I will travel across the land Searching far and wide J
J Teach Pokemon to understand The power that's inside J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all Its you and me J
J I know it's my destiny Pokemon J
J Oh, you're my best friend In a world we must defend J
J Pokemon, gotta catch'em all A heart so true J
J Our courage will pull us through You teach me and I'll teach you J
J Pokemon Gotta catch'em all J
J Gotta catch'em all Pokemon J
