Once upon a time, there was a prince who fell in love with a beautiful white swan.
However, the prince fell into a foul trap set by the black swan
and ended up betraying his beloved white swan.
The prince swore his love unintentionally to the black swan.
But even so, the white swan abandons herself and tries to protect her beloved prince.
Now is the time when the depth of their love will be tried...
If I can be a girl and stay by Mytho-senpai's side, then someday...
Someday, I may be able to put a smile back on his face, and...
If that's something I can do, then I could wish for no more.
If you tell him of your love, you'll turn into a speck of light and vanish.
That is Princess Tutu's fate.
But to save the prince, you have no choice but to speak of your love.
Now, there is only one path for you to choose.
Speak of your love with the most sublime words you can find.
And bring this chapter to a sublimely tragic close for me, Little Duck.
Swan Lake
Whose words will it be drawn to once we've laid our hearts bare?
If the shard chooses you, I'll return the prince and the shard to you.
But even if I wanted to return them to you, by then, you'll be a speck of light.
And vanish...
I'll vanish? Really?
That's scary...
But...
There's no reason for you to hesitate if you really love the prince, right?
Tell me, why do we have to fight in this way? Because we are...
That is your fault.
Because you restored pieces of his heart to the prince.
What?
The prince regaining his heart means that the tale will begin to move once again.
The tale of the Prince and the Raven, that is.
All has been set in motion in accordance to the tale.
The knight will eventually be torn in two and die.
Princess Tutu will become a speck of light and vanish.
Days of bitter fighting will once again descend upon the Prince.
That is the outline that has been set.
Those are the fates that have been arranged.
You are the one who set the tale in motion, even though no one wished it.
Isn't that right, Fakir?
That time, when you tried to take out Mytho's heart...
It'll be all right now. You won't have to suffer.
I'll shatter your heart for you once again.
For Mytho's sake...
Then, what I've been doing really was...
That was certainly true before.
But now, Mytho himself wishes to regain his heart.
I feel the same.
You are now the only one who does not wish it.
Too bad for you, Kraehe.
Oh, it certainly is too bad.
Right, my prince?
And just when you had gone back to being the dummy you'd been before.
Thanks to me yanking out that piece of his heart, it seems all of his emotions have gone to sleep.
It can't be!
Mytho!
It's no use, Tutu.
There's nothing more to discuss.
My prince, your sword.
What are you going to do?!
You know, my prince, it seems the heart shard of love is not worth enough to Princess Tutu for her to protect.
In that case, let us shatter it right away.
Into such tiny pieces that it can never be put back together again!
Stop!
Stop it!
There is no other path for you to choose from.
Now, get on with it and let me see you vanish!
Mytho...
It seems I have no choice but to do this now.
All right...
But in exchange, once I've vanished, please don't do any more mean things to Mytho.
And here I was wondering just what you might ask for.
Hey...
Please, Kraehe.
Fine, I'll love him even more than I have in the past.
So much so that he'll forget all about you.
Okay...
Mytho, farewell.
Wait!
What are you doing this pointless thing for? Are you stupid?
What? Stupid?
Don't take what a crow says seriously.
If you vanish, who will restore Mytho's heart to him?
Didn't you want to see Mytho's smile when he's regained all the pieces of his heart?
No one else but you could smilingly accept the fate of Princess Tutu.
That's why you mustn't vanish.
I will change fate!
Foolish knight...
You won't even be able to get close to me.
And you'll die in vain!
Fate cannot be changed!
Shall we put it to the test?!
Fakir!
Be quiet and watch.
Fakir...
I will no longer be afraid!
Give Mytho back!
No.
Fakir!
Fakir!
Qua...
It seems he was unable to defy fate after all.
Now, it's your turn, Princess Tutu.
Fakir...
Fakir!
Fakir!
Fakir...
Well? My body is still in one piece.
But in that state, you won't even be able to inflict a scratch on me.
What?!
Mytho, forgive me!
What are you...
Now, you can't shatter the heart shard.
Princess Tutu...
You must see to Mytho's future...
Fakir!
Stupid knight...
Fakir, I won't give up. I won't fail...
I won't fail to protect Mytho!
Come on out, heart shard of my beloved Mytho.
Good boy...
Now, Princess Tutu, speak of your love to your heart's content.
It seems you've finally found the resolve to vanish.
No, I will not vanish.
What?
I cannot speak words of love to you,
but I can dance.
Surely I can convey these feelings through it as well.
So, you mean to transcend words and convey your love through dance, and thus avoid vanishing yourself.
Interesting...
I wonder whose dance will charm the heart shard?
You cannot win against me.
What?
Ultimately, you are only borrowing the power of Princess Tutu.
Just a sham of a princess, Ahiru.
I am just a duck.
Even as a girl, I'm a poor student who's always having to stay late.
Oh, Ahiru! At that rate, you're going to be dropped to the probationary class again!
You're probably going to keep going up and down for the rest of your life!
How cute!
Ahiru-san, why can you not even do such simple things?
You had better not...
Just because you want to marry me!
I will not forgive you, if you are making mistakes on purpose!
I'm...
It seems you've realized your true form.
Your miserable form at the Academy.
Is the one dancing now Tutu?
Ahiru?
Or just a bird?
Yes, I am your true princess.
You are my princess.
Wait!
Give it up.
It's over now, Princess Tutu.
I will put you to sleep at the bottom of eternal darkness.
So that no matter what meddlesome person appears, you will never awaken again.
Okay...
No...
Restore my heart to me, Tutu.
I want to know what you think of me.
Princess Tutu...
You must see to Mytho's future...
Fakir...
I won't give up.
Because my feelings are my own.
Right now, I am Princess Tutu.
If I give up, I will only go back to being a simple duck.
It's too late.
She's dancing a pas de deux alone.
How could she possibly...
I want you to be here with me.
I want you to show me your smile.
I want you to dance with me.
I want you to be strong and gentle in supporting me.
Dancing a pas de deux alone?
It's perfect for the miserable wretch that you are now.
But I wonder what you're going to do with the moves you can't do alone?
The real me is just a duck with no powers of my own, but if I have you, I can change!
What an incredible jump!
Impossible! A lift?!
Impossible! A lift?!
How pitiful.
There's no need to watch such dancing.
My feelings for you make me Princess Tutu.
I want to protect you!
In truth, you must not have wanted to lose your heart.
Laughing lots and crying...
And loving someone...
You threw that all away to protect people's happiness.
The person with that kind heart is the true you.
And I love you.
I'm right here, Princess Tutu.
Mytho!
You win.
No matter what I do, my feelings don't get through.
Kraehe...
Tutu, the heart shard...
This feeling...
This strange feeling welling up inside me...
Is this...
The lake...
It was an illusion.
Anyway, let's get out of here.
Yes!
It's pitch black.
This way.
A light?
Let's go see.
Yes...
Tutu!
Fakir!
Fakir...
Thank goodness.
Mytho...
I see. Tutu, you got Mytho...
Thank you.
It's because you were there, Fakir.
I was able to be strong, thanks to you.
How did I...
Edel-san...
Then the one who saved me is...
So, it was you who also guided us.
Why?
It was merely a simple puppet mimicking the action of humans with emotions.
Edel-san...
Earnestly crying and getting angry and laughing...
Perhaps I was jealous of you for that.
But I have no regrets.
So, don't cry.
I can't not cry.
Because the tears just won't stop.
I want to see you and the prince dance before the end.
Don't say it's the end!
Please...
Dance for me, a pas de deux with the prince.
Oh!
Princess Tutu...
Let's dance.
Thus, the princess's deep love overcame the evil magic.
The prince regained his feeling of love and the two danced full of feeling, forever and ever.
Wishing that this happiness would last for all eternity.
Ah, what a wonderful love.
In order to transcend the role given to you and defy fate, there will always be pain and suffering.
No one wants that.
Though you did it not knowing your place, you overcame that and did very well, Little Duck.
But that may have also been part of the fate arranged for you.
Because the story is far from over, you know.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
The voice calling, do you need me?
I am sad and unsure
The birds taking flight and the swaying flowers whisper
Farewell, tears, you are wonderful
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dream of tomorrow
I shall go to deliver it into your hands
Just one smile and look
Such warmth
It's by the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming of tomorrow
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
The labyrinth to search for happiness
I shall be going
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
