Once upon a time, there was a man who died.
The man had the power to make stories come true,
so his hands were cut off by the people,
who were afraid of tragedies becoming reality.
When the man died, the people heaved a great sigh of relief.
However, when his hands were cut off, the man had been writing a story in his own blood.
That was a story of the man himself, who would continue to spin stories even after his death.
What?
No way! How could this be?!
To think the words of true love that Tutu was supposed to say, Princess Kraehe said instead!
Even though she was raised on raven's blood, and shouldn't even know how to love...
But even so, you still can't escape tragedy, Little Duck.
The Dying Swan
Are you happy to have it, prince?
I don't know.
Um... Will you love me?
I don't know.
Just tell me you love me.
I love you.
Say. Tell me that you love me.
Mytho, you love me.
I love you! I have ever since I was little!
I've always loved you!
Rue!
Rue-chan! RUE-CHAN!
Relax. I am still keeping her alive, deep in my stomach.
I should have done this in that fight long ago too.
What?
She is just a human girl I kidnapped on a whim and raised, but she has been quite useful.
If you kill me, you will be killing the girl within me as well.
And the same goes for if you seal me away as well.
You have no choice but to give me your heart!
He can't fight even if I return the last heart shard... That's awful!
Prince! Give me your heart, right now!
So you still resist?
Are you implying you've some chance of success, prince?
Princess Tutu.
Yes.
I'd like you to return my final heart shard.
What?
I have to save her.
No, I want to save her. I want to save Rue.
I understand the pain of having your heart eaten away at by raven's blood.
It starts in the weak places in your heart and spreads ruthlessly.
You can't even stop yourself from hurting the people important to you.
Ever since she was small, Rue has stood up under the burden of that suffering all alone.
Her love was frail and she was always afraid of losing love...
The more she loved, the more she suffered, and she couldn't even seek help from anyone.
But she never tried to stop loving...
She led me out of the raven's darkness with words of true love.
It's my turn to protect her now.
And if possible, I'd like to take Rue as my princess.
So Princess Tutu, please give me the last heart shard.
Yes.
Thank you.
If your heart is not complete, I cannot gain eternal life from it.
I almost rushed things too much.
Huh?
What?
Huh?
What's the matter?
The pendant won't come off!
Why not? What's going on?
Princess Tutu, I will give you time.
Give the final shard back to the prince by dawn.
Prince!
If you do not, I will tear the prince's heart to pieces!
This tea is the blend that Drosselmeyer liked to drink while he was working.
He used three parts Darjeeling and then added Assam...
Why do I have to do this?
It's certainly noisy outside.
What's going on?!
What?
Bathed in this noble blood, all people will become crows!
Now celebrate my return!
That's Pike and Lilie!
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow!
Cat-sensei...
Now, you'd better hurry.
You do not have much time, Tutu.
I can't take it off. Why not?!
I wonder!
Huh?
This is bad, Fa...
Autor, I'm begging you, please be a little quie...
Well, well. Is that person sitting and writing there me?
No, I would never waver about writing.
Drosselmeyer?
Hmm, these things all look a lot like what I used, but most of them are fakes...
You're trying to be responsible about writing, aren't you?
That's why you can't write.
When you write stories, you should do it more freely and irresponsibly, just following your own feelings.
I don't want to be like you, toying with people's fates for a lark!
For goodness's sake. That won't get us anywhere.
Mytho!
The raven has revived, and all of the prince's heart has returned to him except for the shard in Princess Tutu's pendant.
What?
And right now Princess Tutu is suffering because she can't give back the pendant.
What is this?! My hand is writing by itself...
You see, you have my blood running through your veins.
That was the lake called Despair.
It was dark and deep, just like Ahiru's eyes...
What do you intend to make me write?!
The sad yet beautiful story of Little Duck.
What did you say?
At that moment, Ahiru could hear a voice.
It was the voice of Drosselmeyer, the man who controlled the story.
Ahiru!
'The reason you can't return the final heart shard is because you're scared to let go of Princess Tutu, isn't that right?'
'No, that's not it!'
'You're afraid to part with the prince.'
'I...'
By giving herself over to the raven,
Rue would be carved into the prince's heart for all eternity
and by keeping the heart shard,
Ahiru would live on in the prince's heart as Princess Tutu
and not as an ugly little duck.
'Is it... Is it my fault?'
'Yes, it is.'
'And in order to take off the pendant, you'll have to lay down your life.'
Ahiru began to sink into the Lake of Despair, walking further and further in...
Stop it! Don't go, Ahiru!
Deeper and deeper...
Stop it!
Damn it...
What?
Ahiru!
Ahiru...
Ahiru, where did you go zura?
Ahiru!
Ahiru...
Don't go out there! It's dangerous!
What?
Never mind that, what happened to your hand?
And when did you write a story?
What happened here?
It was Drosselmeyer...
What?
That bastard made me write it.
You can't mean... Drosselmeyer was here?
Yes.
That's magnificent!
What?!
Nothing.
Hey, where are you going?
Hey, wait!
What's going on?
It's just like the Crow Festival scene in The Prince and the Raven.
So the raven has cursed them?
Damn it!
Hey!
The raven's curse... I wonder if she's all right?
The Lake of Despair? Where is that?
Fakir!
Uzura!
Ahiru disappeared zura.
Were you with her?
Where is she?
This way zura!
I'm sorry...
I'm sorry, Rue-chan...
I'm sorry, Mytho...
If I vanish...
the heart shard will return to you.
This way zura!
What?
Outside the gate?
I've never even thought of leaving this city, but...
I see, that was because I'm being controlled by Drosselmeyer's story.
It looks like the story's started to spread beyond the city walls.
What are you waiting for zura?
Oh, sorry!
Hurry zura!
Here zura.
Ahiru...
What's with this lake? I can breathe...
Is this a stage setting Drosselmeyer prepared?
I thought I was doing my best for Mytho's sake, but...
Was it for my own sake?
Just like Drosselmeyer-san said, I'm really thinking that I don't want to return Mytho to the story.
Ahiru?
Ahiru!
Ahiru!
Fakir?
Fakir!
Ahiru...
Fakir, the pendant won't come off!
It's the last of Mytho's heart shards,
and Mytho asked me to give it back to him, but...
Mytho said he wants to make Rue-chan his princess,
and I know he wants to save her from the raven,
but it won't come off!
It's my fault...
Because I'm thinking that I don't want the story to end.
Pike and Lilie and Cat-sensei and the others turned into crows, and yet...
Idiot. You're not the only one.
What?
You're not the only one.
I don't want... No, no one wants to let the story end.
No one but Mytho.
I still can't write a story about Mytho, either.
Don't blame only yourself.
But...
Everyone is scared, of returning to their true selves.
Because they're used to being given roles in stories.
The real you is a duck.
The real me...
In the end, the real me has done nothing but BE protected ever since I was a kid.
I can't protect anyone.
But even if that's what I'm really like, I want to end the story.
I want to protect Mytho and you because of my own feelings, not because it's a role that was given to me.
Even if I have to use up all of my power!
When that happens, I'll go back to being just a bird, won't I?
I won't ever study ballet with everyone again.
That's all right, isn't it? That's who you really are.
Yeah...
Even after that time comes, I'll stay by your side forever.
Fakir...
It's strange... Until just a little bit ago, I thought it was okay for me to just vanish, but now...
I'm weak, but for some reason Fakir always makes me stronger.
Let's go back to being our true selves.
Yes.
Let's do this, not just for Mytho's sake, but for our own sakes as well.
Let's end this story.
Yes.
It came off.
Look, it came off, Fakir!
Let's give it back to Mytho.
Yeah.
Despair still runs much deeper than that!
Rue-chan!
Rue-chan, I'm coming to get you right now!
Wait.
Huh?
Let's go back.
But...
Mytho is sure to save Rue.
Let's you and I hurry and save Mytho.
Okay.
Uzura will be our guide.
Are you okay zura?
Thank you, Uzura-chan.
Thank you.
Ahiru, did you take your pendant off zura?
Oh, yeah. We have to hurry and give it back to Mytho.
Fakir, will you also write about me one more time?
What?
We'll combine our we want to protect Mytho powers.
Combine our powers?
Yeah!
Is it really okay for me to write a story about you?
Yeah.
Okay then, I'll be going.
Right.
Farewell, Uzura-chan.
Well then...
Huh?
Uzura-chan...
Princess Tutu, eh?
Ahiru! Do your best zura!
Princess Tutu ran to return the last heart shard to the prince.
She didn't do it just for the prince, but for all people.
When she thought about it that way, there was no more hesitation.
The morning bell had not yet rung.
The prince was quietly waiting for Tutu to come.
'Prince, I'm sorry to have made you wait.'
'I had faith that you would come for me without fail.'
'The feelings you returned to me, the feelings of love, affection, sorrow, loneliness...'
'All of my feelings told me that you would come for me without fail.'
Gazing into the prince's eyes, Tutu quietly took off the pendant.
The final heart shard looked like a pair of fluttering wings.
Wings for the people who had spent a comfortable time inside the story to leave the nest with.
Wings for the prince to return to himself with.
Farewell, Mytho.
Farewell...
Tutu!
Quack!
You're...
Quack.
Something this small and fragile did this...
Thank you, Princess Tutu.
Quack...
This is the true prince!
So you've finally been restored, prince?
It's the beginning of a tragedy!
The prince can't fight because the princess is being held captive,
Tutu has become a mere duck,
the knight has long been useless,
and the princess will die away deep in the depths of despair!
Now, prince, will you shatter your heart a second time?
The real me is just a duck.
But I can dance!
I won't be tricked by anyone anymore, and I don't have to resent anyone.
There's nothing here. Not even loving...
This thing was recording everything that happened in Gold Crown Town as a story.
In my name as Prince Siegfried, I call the name of the princess!
'Let's give this story a happy ending.'
Finale
All you children who love stories, come gather around.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
I loved like I was dreaming
It swells... My heart swells
I thought how wonderful it was to be alive
I can't wait for tomorrow
I want to be there for you
At all times
Wait, it won't wait
Running, running along
Passing by even the wind and the rain clouds
Just beating my own wings
