Once upon a time, there was a maiden in love.
I want to tell my beloved how I feel, but my love might be over the moment I say it.
Every day she suffered, agonizing in this way.
She took no meals, and she was unable even to sleep.
And finally, she died without ever having been able to communicate her feelings.
But the man she loved married another woman and lived happily ever after, without ever even knowing the maiden had existed.
Quack?
Oh, I fell asleep while I was still a duck.
In Fakir's arms...
I wonder if Fakir bandaged this for me.
Quack!
Quack...
Quack?
They're stopped?
Congratulations, Little Duck.
Quack.
The prince's pride has returned to him.
Oof...
Qua-qua-qua-qua-quack!
Now all the shards of the prince's heart have returned to him!
What? Really?
So right now, he's...
That's right, he must be suffering right about now.
What?
Because he doesn't have ALL of the heart shards yet.
What? But you just said they'd all returned...
Drosselmeyer-san?!
The shards that were hidden inside chinks in other people's hearts have all been returned now!
But those aren't ALL the shards.
What? Really?
Of course. His heart has to keep the raven from moving, after all.
That IS why it was shattered.
Then...
Oh, dear, I don't have time for this!
What?! Wait!
Then what should I do?! Where's the rest of his heart?!
The prince's heart is being dyed in raven's blood!
Can I put it back to normal?
Tell me!
Bye-bye, Little Duck! We'll have the opportunity to meet again...when I feel like it.
Did she disappear zura?
What? You say you met Drosselmeyer?
A Midsummer Night's Dream
Yeah. It looks like when I meet Drosselmeyer-san, time stops.
You can come in now, Fakir.
What happened then?
He said the rest of the heart shards were sealing away the raven.
And... that the heart shards I returned to Mytho are hurting him.
So what?
What?
If Drosselmeyer is right, the moment the rest of the heart shards are returned will be the moment of the raven's resurrection.
In other words, the moment when the fight begins.
Mytho has to be prepared for some suffering already.
If you aren't prepared to handle that too, you should stop being Princess Tutu.
I'll protect Mytho with my sword.
Um, I don't really want you brandishing a sword.
I mean, it's dangerous and stuff...
So you don't acknowledge me as a knight?
That's not it!
I mean, you've been doing research in books and stuff all this time.
So I just think you could be a knight like that instead of...
Fakir...
If your wounds have healed, then go home.
I'll walk you.
Are you mad?
I'm not particularly mad.
You ARE mad.
Oh, thank you for bandaging me.
See you later.
Good night!
A knight who can't even protect a princess, huh?
What can you do? A knight who couldn't even die.
In the story, you're no longer needed.
Will the story stay exactly the same whether I'm here or not?
Fakir was acting strange, getting mad and then suddenly getting depressed...
Ahiru-san!
Watch out!
You were mere centimeters from marrying Cat-sensei!
Oh, thanks.
You were all spaced out. Thinking about Fakir-sama, I'll bet!
No, I...
You want to tell him how you feel, don't you?
No...
Okay, why don't you try sending him a love letter?
What? No, that's...
You'll do it, won't you?
I thought this might happen, so I prepared a love letter to Fakir-sama.
What?
If you wander around school holding that, Bottom-san will come, so ask her to pass it on.
Bottom-san?
She delivers love letters for people.
Word is she knows the feelings of people in love.
She knows their feelings?
We'll call it The Great Lovey-Dovey Letter Operation!
So good luck, okay?
Come on, we have to prepare to comfort her later!
A love letter to Fakir...
If I gave him something like this, he'd say, Don't waste time doing stupid stuff, idiot, or something.
Is that lovey-dovey zura?
But she knows feelings?
I wonder if I'd know how Mytho really feels, if I had that kind of power...
Bottom-san...
Prince? Prince, aren't you here?
What is this? It looks like he fought with someone...
Could it be... that something is happening because a new heart shard returned to him?
I have to overcome the raven's blood, if I'm a proud prince...
I wonder what kind of person Bottom-san is.
Are you agonizing over your love?
Are you Bottom...san?
A donkey!
I'm Bottom, friend of all those who are in love.
So, where's your letter?
Oh...
It's... not a tail zura.
Where's your tail zura?
What?!
Oh, Bottom-san!
Donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey...
Bottom-san! Bottom-san!
Bottom-san?
You've got it all wrong! I'm definitely not Bottom!
I've got nothing to do with letters!
Aren't you that upperclassman...
You found me out.
I'm Hermia.
Don't tell anyone, okay? I'll be sure to deliver this letter.
Oh, no, that's okay! My friend wrote it for me, but she's got the wrong idea about which person I like...
Oh, my.
Oh, I'm Duck!
Ahiru-san, huh? Well, then, when you've written your real letter, bring it to me any time.
I can't confess my love. There are some circumstances that prevent it.
I see...
Um, Hermia-san, do you know people's feelings?
What?
Oh! Well, I wouldn't say I know them; it's more like sometimes I sense them.
Like, Ah, this person is in love, or She looks lonely; maybe she has a broken heart.
Wow...
I'm tall, you know?
So I'm always the one furthest to the back of the corps.
But one day, I noticed that I could see the feeling of being in love on everyone's backs.
The heartrending feelings of people in love.
Love is a wonderful thing, but it also makes people suffer and be sad, right?
So everyone has a hard time saying I love you, and they're all keeping their feelings inside.
I thought I'd at least like to help those people.
I see...
But you know, lately it's all letters to Mytho-sama.
To Mytho?
Yes. I deliver lots of letters to him every day, but most are from people whose feelings won't be returned...
Do you see Mytho every day, Hermia-san?
Yes. Well, actually, Mytho-sama comes to me.
So then, do you know something about Mytho's feelings?
Huh?
Anything is fine!
I'm sorry. Mytho-sama's feelings alone I just can't figure out.
I see...
Oh, do you like Mytho-sama too, by any chance?
Huh?
Oh, do you like him too, Hermia-san?
Huh? No, you've got it all wrong! I don't have any feelings for Mytho-sama!
I have someone I like named Lysander!
Lysander-san?
I have to get more heart shards back.
Kraehe...
Who does the prince's heart belong to?
Where is the prince's heart?
That's a secret.
Prince, you don't have to suffer anymore.
Your princess is me.
I'll save you from your suffering.
Return, prince of the crows. Return to me.
I won't become the prince of the crows!
If you resist, your suffering will only continue.
The suffering is nothing...
You have raven's blood running through your veins, just like I do.
No one can erase it. No one can stop it.
I'll give you my love.
I'll love you more deeply than anyone else.
You'll GIVE me your love?
It's only natural for a princess to love a prince.
Love me more. Only me.
Prince?
Not enough... Not enough love...
Shut up!
Lysander is someone in my grade from the sculpture division, you see, and this is one of his works!
Wow.
Your heart gets warm looking at it, doesn't it?
Huh? Uh, yeah...
It's like it's filled with the feeling of love, somehow.
Right...
He must have been thinking about somebody while he created it.
But that might've been you, Hermia-san!
No, definitely not! I know myself better than anyone else does, so...
Is that Lysander-san?
Yes.
Doesn't he seem kind?
Uh, yes!
Meow...
It's the mime for Do you mean me?!
What's that mime supposed to mean?
The mime for marriage!
I don't get that!
The mime for a vow!
Oh, the mime for no.
Meow.
That was close, huh?
Won't you write a love letter?
Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, love-dovey, donkey-lonkey...
Qua...
What's that sound, I wonder...
Lovey-dovey! Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey,
I, um, something important's come up! That is, well, goodbye!
donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey...
Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey,
lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey...
Oh, this is bad!
Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey...
Fakir!
Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey,
What are you doing playing with Uzura?
Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey...
I keep telling you to be a little quieter!
Sorry.
Fakir, you're researching in books again.
I'm just doing what I can, even if it's only a little.
It's not like I've cast aside my sword.
Right...
Come on, Uzura-chan. We're in the way, so let's go, okay?
I told you to be a little quieter!
Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey...
I'm sorry!
Lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey, lovey-dovey, donkey-lonkey...
Why? Why am I so obsessed with books?
But no matter what book I open, they've all had the endings torn out.
The ghost knight's book was the same.
But I saw the end of that book in my dreams.
Damn it! What does this mean?
We have to be quiet in the library, okay?
That under-developed Hermia, of all people!
I can't believe she's with Mytho-sama!
Oh, this is so vexing!
Huh?
Um, excuse me!
Did something happen with Mytho and Hermia-san?
Something, she says!
They're on a DATE!
They were holding hands and going towards the grove behind the school!
The grove behind the school...
It's such a shock, isn't it?
Why don't you dig with us too?
Oh, no, that's okay! Thank you very much!
Hermia... No, Bottom the donkey-san.
You knew I was Bottom the donkey?
You're the only one I've been looking at all this time, after all.
I know everything.
Even the fact that you like Lysander.
Um, here, these are today's letters!
They don't matter anymore.
Huh?
You are my princess.
What?
You're my prima and mine alone, Hermia.
The reason you deliver other people's letters is so you can forget that you yourself don't have the courage to confess your own love.
That's not what I...
You make it look like it's goodwill, but it's all for yourself.
Isn't that right?
That's fine.
What?
Everyone else is using you too.
So from now on, you can just think only about yourself.
If you love me, you won't have to fool yourself.
Love only me, and regard all others with hatred.
Yes, I'll love only you, and hate everyone else.
Then as proof, you'll give me your beautiful heart, won't you?
Yes.
Then come into my arms.
Give me your heart!
If I have you, I can become a prima ballerina, can't I?
I've had enough of being the go-between for other people's loves.
From now on, I'll act for my own sake...For Mytho-sama's sake...
That's right, sacrifice your life for my sake.
Hermia-san!
Hermia-san, don't go over there.
Are you going to interfere?
Dance with me.
With you?
Hermia, hurry up and come over here.
Give me your love.
Yes, Mytho-sama.
That's right, that's fine.
Now, come into my arms.
Hermia-san, is that really okay? Is it okay to end your love?
Without ever having said anything?
It's fine! You can just throw away a stupid love like that!
Yes. Love can just go away.
That's not true. It's not stupid at all.
It's a precious feeling of yours, Hermia-san.
Being unable to say that one word is love.
But if that's truly a precious feeling, throwing it away would be cruel.
I don't want you to hide that feeling behind your back, I want you to tell him about it.
If... If I were allowed, I would also...
If I were allowed...
Begone from inside me, Raven!
That's right, I... I haven't told Lysander anything!
I've told nothing of my feelings...
That's right.
The feeling that's grown to the bursting point inside you, that's real love.
That's right, what you're seeking is false love!
It's counterfeit love!
Shut up! What is this real love?!
If this love is false, then all the love in this world is false love!
Hermia-san!
Lysander...
I found Duck's lovey-dovey zura!
Yes?
Um, um, Lysander, you might be surprised at me saying this out of the blue, but...
Lysander, I...
Love you.
Could that be...
I made you my model without asking you because, you see, I thought when I finished it I'd confess my love to you!
Hey.
What?
Yesterday, Uzura brought this to me.
I didn't write it! Pike and Lilie wrote it! So, what should I say...
I'm sorry...
Don't waste time doing stupid stuff, idiot.
I knew it.
Real love? Don't make me laugh.
Everyone just wants to BE loved, that's all!
My poor prince.
I'm sure Father's blood will save you from your suffering soon.
That's right, we have to capture a sacrifice.
Yes. For our own sakes too.
This isn't for you.
I'm just going to feed the foolish raven a meal, that's all.
As a little token of my thanks for awakening me.
That's right, this was the story of the prince and the raven, wasn't it?
In other words, the fight began a long, long time ago.
You haven't forgotten that, have you, Little Duck?
Who is this woman who can take the bite out of Fakir-sama?!
An older-woman lover has made her appearance, huh!
The stories that boy wrote sometimes came true.
I'll protect Mytho as a knight. I won't take orders from you!
And it was starting to look like we'd be able to work together too...
I don't like this.
Mytho! I won't allow you to hurt Raetsel!
Stop! The two of you fighting is...
You know you can't lay a finger on me!
The Forgotten Story
All you children who love stories, come gather around.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
I loved like I was dreaming
It swells... My heart swells
I thought how wonderful it was to be alive
I can't wait for tomorrow
I want to be there for you
At all times
Wait, it won't wait
Running, running along
Passing by even the wind and the rain clouds
Just beating my own wings
