Once upon a time, there was a princess raised by loving parents.
One day, the princess snuck past the guard at the gate and slipped out of the castle for the very first time.
However, no matter how far she went, outside the castle, there was only an endless forest as black as pitch.
Before she knew it, the princess ended up unable to either escape the forest or return to the castle.
In that kingdom, the inside of the castle was the entire world.
Crown of Stone
Fakir cast aside his sword and found something only he could do.
I want to protect him.
Because he wants to help Mytho.
Protect the pure-hearted Mytho, who's always risking himself.
Without ever giving up, no matter how much he's hurt...
Overcoming the painful memories he wants to forget...
Fakir is strong.
Even if he's not carrying a sword, Fakir is Mytho's knight.
What's Fakir doing zura?
He's talking to the oak tree.
So he can write a story that protects the person who's important to him.
Maybe Fakir really can protect Mytho all by himself.
Can you really say you love me?!
Rue-chan!
Is Mytho's heart getting dyed more and more by the raven's blood?
And that's why he was so mean, even to Rue-chan?
Rue-chan...
I'm kind of worried about her.
I can't do anything, though...
Ahiru.
Are you okay zura?
Huh?
Are you worrying about me?
Thanks! But I'm okay.
Oh, good zura.
I thought maybe the teacher would get mad at you zura.
What?
You're skipping school along with Fakir zura!
Huh?
Oh no, and I just came here thinking I'd check on Fakir on my way to school!
But it's this late already...
Um, I'm sorry! Come on, Uzura-chan, let's go!
Okay, Uzura-chan, see you later!
What?!
Rue-chan... Why?!
Rue-chan?
Whoa...
It's open!
Rue-chan!
Tutu...
Were you crying?
Of course not. What are you doing here?
What am I... Well, it seemed like you were acting a little strange, well, I mean, this is dangerous...
Dangerous?
Why would it be dangerous?
I'm Kraehe, you know.
Rue-chan!
Rue-chan, you're Rue-chan!
That's how I think of you! I mean...
Oh, that scared me.
Ahiru, I'd say YOU'RE the one who's in danger.
Yeah, it looks like it...
I am Princess Kraehe.
Rue-chan...
Ahiru!
Huh?
Where were you?
This is awful!
Huh? What?
Poor Ahiru!
I can't believe you'd skip pointe class!
Oh, well, you see...
He's coming. He's coming!
Don't be scared!
That's scary!
Ahiru, you've got to wriggle your way out of it. That's the only way!
Huh? Out of what?
He's here!
So he's here, then!
Ahiru-san, why don't we have a little chat?
So it's finally...
The proposal?
What?
I'll hold your books for you!
Thanks...
Wriggle your way out of it!
Right.
Ahiru-san.
Yes, sir!
Everybody has times when they feel as if they will never be able to reach their dream.
What?
But deciding there is no way you can do something is nothing more than a way of comforting yourself when you lack motivation.
Are you sure you are not fooling yourself about how you feel?
About what exactly is most important to you...
I became a girl for Mytho, and I became Princess Tutu for Mytho...
But somewhere along the way, I've decided I can't do anything.
Am I running away?
What's most important to me...
So if perchance your dream is to marry me,
and your heart is not in your lessons because you are agonizing over that,
then for my part, I must reserve a place for the ceremony immediately...
Thank you, Cat-sensei!
Meow?
Goodbye now!
Goodbye meow?
She managed to squirm out of it!
It's a big shock for Cat-sensei!
I can't let things stay this way!
I'll search for the heart shards! All over town...
That's what I can do right now.
For Mytho!
Are you the Rue-chan we're worried about zura?
What?
That's what Ahiru said zura.
Ahiru did?
I told you, there is no Rue.
I just can't believe that.
Because I get this feeling you're Rue-chan.
Rue-chan!
Have we met before zura?
What are you talking about? I've never met a girl like you...
You...
Who are you?
I'm Uzura zura.
Do you know me? Am I really the crows'...
This is stupid. I don't have time for this.
This is some sort of mistake!
Sure, when I investigated Drosselmeyer's family tree, he was a descendent.
But he only found that out thanks to my taking an interest in him!
I even know who you people are.
I want you to acknowledge ME as the one with the qualifications.
You, who are the stoppers of stories, the book men.
There are no qualifications to being human.
That's not what this is about!
Isn't this world being controlled by Drosselmeyer's stories?
Although we're unable to realize that...
I want to know the truth behind that mystery.
There are things that are okay to know and things that are not. Go home.
Damn it!
Let's cut that boy's hands off too.
Just like we did to Drosselmeyer.
Let's cut them off before he starts writing stories.
Wait.
False storytellers are not what we book men should be fighting.
Then let's get the one who exchanges words with the oak tree...
What am I doing? Father is seeking a heart, and yet I...
Damn it... So he's the one?
Then what was I born into this world for?!
Cold...
What's wrong?
You're... Rue from the ballet division...
Somewhere... There must be a heart shard somewhere!
Quack!
Who's there?
Just now, Mytho's shadow looked like a crow...
Be careful, Little Duck...
Because for the stoppers of stories, beheading a little duck is child's play.
What should I do?!
Okay!
Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, qua...
What?
Say, what happened to all the other birds?
They won't come near me, even when I call them.
Mytho?
It's strange, isn't it?
I love everyone in the world and want to protect them...
The prince's heart!
And yet, I also want to make all the world's love my own.
I wonder which one is the real me?
I want people to love me. But is it okay to just be loved?
I don't know. My pride is still lost in the dark...
I have to overcome the raven's blood, if I'm a proud prince...
And I have to protect all the people...
I want to get all of my heart back as soon as I can.
Quack...
Mytho...
When I have all of my heart back...
I'm sorry, Mytho. I swore to get all of your heart back, but...
I'm sorry. I'm going to do my best!
They must be somewhere in this town.
I WILL find them, I WILL!
I'll find them for sure, for sure, for sure...
For sure, for sure, for sure...
Because that's all I can do!
Your heart is beating so fast.
Why?
That's because you're...
What a sweet fragrance.
Come with me.
Okay.
Who are you?
We are the book men.
If you intend to use Drosselmeyer's power to spin stories, we must stop you.
The book men?
Our ancestors cut off Drosselmeyer's hands and made him unable to spin stories ever again.
If his descendant tries to spin a story, we must give him the same fate.
That's the duty that has been passed down to us over generations.
So you're saying you're going to cut off my hands?
Dangerous stories must not be born.
We must stop the stories that were born by burying their endings.
You're the ones who were tearing out the stories' endings?
Come.
I'm not gonna give up yet...
What?
A heart shard!
Where? Where?!
Maybe it's on the other side of here?
Huh?
It... won't... open...
It won't open!
I wonder if there are other exits.
We're finally here, aren't we?
Yep!
This is Gold Crown Town.
Huh? Was Mom always an Indian rhinoceros?
Now that you mention it, before we got to this town...
Naw, there's no way that would happen.
Yeah, you're right.
Come on, or I'll leave you behind!
Yes, Mom!
The gate didn't open just now, did it?
It was like they just suddenly appeared in front of the gate...
A story's birth is a sudden event. The start, a happy accident.
Were they suddenly born out of the gate?!
Yes. This town is most likely being controlled by stories.
But we're unable to realize that.
Because no matter how strange something is, we're made to believe that's how it was to begin with.
There's no one but me who can solve this mystery!
So I'm also the one qualified to change the world.
That's right, you can change the world.
Yes, you think so too, don't you?
Because you'll become the blood and flesh of the one who will change the world.
What a magnificent lady you are...
This way.
Wait up, Rue!
Where are you taking me?
Somewhere... There's got to be another exit somewhere!
It's no use.
What? Again?
What does this mean?
What's on the other side of this gate?
It glowed at this one too, just like I thought.
And again!
There must be heart shards outside the gates!
O heart shards, where are you?
What?
A wall?
What is this?
The grave of the man who toyed with stories at will,
who broke down the wall between reality and story,
and toyed with the fates of living people.
This is Drosselmeyer's grave...
We'll cut off both your hands and seal them here.
The outside of Gold Crown Town is all walls?
Stop it!
I have to write!
Stop!
Princess Tutu!
This is...
Thank you.
I'm so glad.
Huh? What's this?
What is this? What's going on here?!
It's dangerous to show yourself before those repugnant people, Princess Tutu!
Drosselmeyer did that?
In the end, everyone's a marionette.
Right now, I feel at a loss.
It appears I've...
Is this something the story has decided as well?
It appears I've fallen in love with you.
With me?
Yes.
Enough to give your life?
Yes, if it's for your sake.
There's no way that could be true.
I'm not lying! I...
Stop!
I can't not love you anymore.
Go home.
This emotion isn't fake.
I'm sorry, Father. I'm a bad daughter...
But I couldn't do it.
You're that man from the used book store...
Before Drosselmeyer lost his hands,
he'd already made a device that would enable him
to continue weaving stories even if he lost his body.
The town is being controlled by stories because of that device,
but even we cannot tell which parts are real and which are fiction.
However!
No one inside Drosselmeyer's stories was expected to become Princess Tutu, and yet she appeared and tried to protect you.
And Princess Tutu was taken captive by Drosselmeyer.
This story may have already progressed to a point where there is nothing we can do.
In that case, the only one who can fight is the one who carries the same blood.
So the one I'm up against isn't the raven, but Drosselmeyer's story itself?
May we believe that you are not someone who toys around with stories?
But there's still something I'm lacking.
I don't even know what it is I'm lacking, so I can't even start writing.
We can't do anything about that. It's the wall you must surmount.
If you attempt to lead the story down an abominable path, we will have to carry out our duty once more.
You would do well to remember that.
Drosselmeyer...
The man who toys with the fates of Mytho and everyone else.
But do I really have enough power to fight him?
Can I save Mytho?
Can I bring Tutu back?
You'll fight with me, you say? You, who are inside the story?
It would've been best if you'd been torn in two right away.
Oh, dear! It's ground to a halt after all this time.
Princess Tutu isn't inside the story, so I suppose there's no help for it...
Oh, I have to continue it quickly...
Oh, dear, this is no good, no good at all.
Where...
Is anybody here?
Where am I?
If I thrust this sword into the prince, he might die.
That's fine. If that happens, I too will...
Is this the world where Drosselmeyer-san is?
That's the prince back when I first met him.
You don't have to worry anymore.
I'm not a crow! I'm a person!
I'm Krae... no, Rae... Ree... Rue... Yes, my name is Rue!
I can write. I can write a story about her!
I am a puppet who could not have a heart.
Marionette
All you children who love stories, come gather around.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
I loved like I was dreaming
It swells... My heart swells
I thought how wonderful it was to be alive
I can't wait for tomorrow
I want to be there for you
At all times
Wait, it won't wait
Running, running along
Passing by even the wind and the rain clouds
Just beating my own wings
