Once upon a time, there was a man who died.
All the stories the man spun came true,
so the king, the nobility, and the kingdom's rich all went to him
to get him to write them stories.
But when their wishes were granted they feared his power, and began to abhor him.
So when the man died, the people rejoiced that a source of misfortune had gone.
No one heard the sound of the dead man's scornful laughter.
Did Mytho get to go back to being the prince?
So, he defeated the raven's blood!
I get it, Fakir wrote a story about Mytho...
Oh, and Rue-chan went back to being Rue-chan too!
I'm so glad!
I'm so glad. Everybody looks like they're having fun.
I want to dance with them too!
Quack?
Oh, so I went back to being a duck?
Quack...
Right, the prince got all of his heart back...
So that means Princess Tutu's role is finished.
I've gone back to being a plain old duck.
Fakir... Rue-chan... Mytho...
I couldn't help the prince.
I just watched.
So that was a dream...
The Spinners
I wonder if Fakir finished his story about Mytho...
What kind of story will he make it?
I wonder if I'll be in it too.
Fakir?
Are you researching something?
Yeah.
Oh. So...
Did you write a story about Mytho?
No, I haven't written it yet.
Oh, I see. Then do you want to start now?
We want to help Mytho as soon as we can, right?
It's not that everything I write comes true.
And I don't even know yet if I still have the same power.
I'm sure it'll be fine!
I mean, if you wish I want to help Mytho really hard as you write, this time you'll succeed...
Oh, I'm sorry! By this time, I didn't mean your father and mother...
So...
I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm stupid, stupid, STUPID!
Fakir said he'd write it, and yet here I go getting all impatient and saying things like THAT!
Who's there?
What?
Fakir-san from the ballet division...
These five books are all you want to check out, then?
Yeah.
Oh, yes, and that book over there.
What?
I was asked to give it to you if you came.
To me?
Yes, I remember it was Autor-san from the music division.
I don't know him.
Oh, come to think of it... Yes, I'm right.
What is it?
It's nothing, but strangely enough, Autor-san has borrowed all five of these books before.
What?!
Autor... Who is he?
All right then, everybody, I will pass them out in turn, so please line up.
Hey, Ahiru, you're spacing out.
Clara-san.
Yes, sir!
Marie-san.
I bet you were so happy you couldn't sleep last night, huh?
Yes, sir!
Esmeralda-san.
Huh? Happy about what?
She's always spaced out. But this is only natural!
After all, today is the first pointe lesson that we've waited so long for!
What? Pointe lesson? Is it?
Pointe, what every girl dreams of from the moment she decides to become a ballerina!
The long-awaited days, when our nails will break and we'll suffer painful blood blisters!
Precisely!
And that is exactly why I cannot have you taking the kind of flippant attitude that leads to talking in class!
Yes, sir!
Now, Lilie-san. Here are your toe shoes.
Yes, sir!
The moment is finally here!
Toe shoes...
Pike-san.
Yes, sir!
When I'm Tutu, I can do pointe like it's no big deal, but I wonder if a day will come
when I can dance a pas de deux with the prince like that while I'm Ahiru.
Ahiru-san.
Yes, sir!
I am sorry, but I am afraid I cannot give you toe shoes yet.
What?
Lately, you are even more lacking in concentration than you were before.
It almost seems as though you have lost your eagerness.
Is it possible you that have decided you cannot do anything, and so you are not trying to move forward?
If I could help Mytho by myself, I wouldn't ask you to do this!
But right now, I can't do anything, so...
But what can I do?
I am worried. I am just so worried.
I am afraid you are deliberately being remiss about your lessons because you want to marry me!
Nonsense!
Marrying you is too great an honor; Ahiru would be afraid to even think of it!
Ahiru-san, watch everyone else's practice today.
Yes, sir!
This is killing me.
So this is the pain of pointe...
I want to let Ahiru feel it too.
I'm just watching.
Even if Fakir is trying really hard, I'm just watching.
Maybe that really was a prophetic dream.
A guy from the music division... What is this about?
You're late.
You took eighteen days, seven hours, and twenty-four minutes.
What are you talking about?
That's how long it took from the time you began to research your power until you noticed me.
Fakir-kun.
So you're Autor.
What is this about?
I put that aside for you because I assumed you hadn't read it yet.
I think it'll be useful to you when you write your stories.
What do you know?
Everything you want to know.
What?
Huh?
Who was that just now?
I'm asking you who you are.
Fakir?
You're as short-tempered as everyone says you are.
Brute force has no power in the face of words.
You want Drosselmeyer's power because you know that too, right?
Drosselmeyer's power?
The power to make stories into reality. It's magnificent.
And the books who've had their endings stolen by those who stop them from becoming reality...
Isn't it thrilling?
They took out the endings to stop the stories from becoming real?
Yes!
Although the originals are sealed away, and all we can get hold of are the copies.
A power so strong those endings still had to be torn out...
If you want that power, I won't mind helping you.
But you'll have to follow my every order.
And be prepared to die if you fail.
What's with that?!
Follow my every order? Prepare to die? What are you talking about?!
Why should he have to do those things?!
I'm giving him a warning!
Don't take Drosselmeyer's power lightly.
If you use it the wrong way, there will be hell to pay.
People may even die.
What?!
So you need to be prepared for that much.
If you don't want to do it, I won't force you.
No, please teach me.
Fakir...
Wise choice.
Come to my house tomorrow. I'll be waiting for you, Fakir-kun.
He's awakened.
This is dangerous.
We must take steps.
Then let us kill him.
Now, now, wait.
Certainly, it seems he's gained the knowledge, but that's all.
It wouldn't be a bad thing for us to watch for a little longer.
After all, nothing could be better than if this matter settled itself without mishap.
But...
If necessary, we'll take steps.
If the time comes when it's necessary to do so.
Oh, dear, they've finally begun to go into action.
If they do that, the story will stop!
This is bad! This is very bad, Little Duck!
You know, Fakir, I've decided to help you.
Huh?
Because that's the only thing I can do right now.
So I'm going to do what I can with all I've got!
If there's something I can help you with, tell me, no matter what it is!
But isn't there something weird about that Autor guy?
I wonder if things will be okay...
He may be weird, but right now, we have no choice but to believe in him.
No entourage.
What? Do you mean me, Autor-san? I...
Don't make me repeat myself.
Things relating to Drosselmeyer are gathered inside this house.
It's a holy place.
Are you the weird Autor zura?
People like you two who are totally unrelated aren't allowed inside!
Now, come, Fakir.
Unrelated?
Take Uzura and go home, all right?
Okay.
Good luck.
This is Drosselmeyer's study, perfectly recreated from data I gathered.
The paper is made from 10-year-old reeds.
The ink is blue and black, with a ratio of seven to three.
The feather of a white swan that's crossed the sea three times is best for the pen, it's acceptable to substitute a duck's feather.
So...
What was that for?
Ritual purification.
They say Drosselmeyer always cleansed his body with water before he wrote his stories.
Didn't you know?
Why should I?
You're a direct descendant of Drosselmeyer's, and this is your level?
A direct descendent of Drosselmeyer?
Hey, now, you're not going to say you didn't know that either, are you?
It's a fact about yourself.
You appall me.
This is a Drosselmeyer family tree I drew after doing my own research.
Look. Drosselmeyer is here. And you are here.
I believe I'm probably connected this way from this branch, but I don't have all the evidence yet.
But the one who helped my father when he was lost as a boy is this person written here, I know that much.
I have Drosselmeyer's blood...
Does that mean those books missing their endings are things Drosselmeyer wrote?
The fact that I saw one of those endings is...
Fakir hasn't come back from Autor's house since then.
I'm... I'm just waiting.
Everybody, pay attention!
Today, I am having Rue-san and Mytho-san show you a demonstrational performance by a well-coordinated pair.
What?
All of you watch Rue-san's pointe closely.
I'm just watching again.
Rue-chan...
That hurts.
Rue-san!
You hesitated to take my hand! Can you really say you love me?!
No way...
The collapse of a relationship?
Rue-chan!
Rue-san!
Mytho-san, what is the matter? Are you two not getting mar...
What was that about?
I feel kind of sorry for her...
It looks like it was too soon for Mytho-san to get married after all.
The day may come when special marriage training is necessary.
Mytho was always kind to Rue-chan, but...
He's changing more and more!
Fakir! Fakir!
Be quiet.
Excuse me, is Fakir...
Fakir?
Fakir!
Hang on, Fakir!
What did you do to Fakir?!
Nothing.
Liar!
It's true.
He's just been standing there for three days without eating or sleeping or anything else. That's all.
Why make him do a thing like that?!
He can hone his mind this way.
If he's going to whine over something so small, to put it bluntly, he's got no prospects.
That's not a nice way to talk!
I'm fine.
Fakir...
Then hurry up and stand! Tonight, we'll test your aptitude.
Keep going until then.
A very long time ago,
the tale-spinners were said to have used an oak tree to test their power
and that oak tree is here in Gold Crown Town.
If you touch that oak when the bell has just finished tolling midnight,
you should be able to hear its voice if you have the power.
That's the proof of your power.
Incidentally, I clearly heard the tree make a sound like a faint sigh.
Although someone who didn't have the power would probably just think it was the wind.
But where is the oak tree?
That's right, the oak tree was felled long ago.
Its roots alone are sleeping beneath this museum.
And one of the stones strewn here is the sole entrance through which the oak tree can be contacted.
Although even I had some trouble finding out which stone it was.
I'll tell you as a special...
I'm impressed you figured it out.
Just what you'd expect from a direct descendent; I guess I'll give you that.
What?
That's the sole position from which you can hear the oak tree.
But be prepared. There are also many who have messed up the contact, gotten sucked in by the tree, and lost their lives.
No way!
Fakir, maybe you shouldn't after all...
Didn't you tell me to hurry up and write?
I'm sorry! I mean, I didn't think it was such a major thing!
I thought it was just writing!
So... So...
It's midnight.
Fakir!
Don't get in the way!
Fakir, stop!
It looks like it was no good after all.
Hey.
Hey! You should just give up already and...
Fakir!
Fakir?
Fakir!
What you can see cannot be seen. What you can hear makes no sound.
See what cannot be seen. Hear what cannot be heard.
Who are you?
Submerge yourself in the bog of truth that lies far, far away.
Fakir?
Fakir!
This sound... A clock?
No... This is...
A heartbeat.
Fakir, please wake up.
Don't let the oak tree hold you captive.
Everything is one. One is everything.
All stories will be spun into one...
The beginning will end and the ending will begin.
Fakir, answer me.
Fakir...
Come back.
The start is a happy accident. The end, the fate for which it's meant.
Existence is false. Truth is nothingness.
Yes, you're right. I'll go back to nothingness.
And become one with everything else.
I'll watch over everyone like this, and go towards the eternal ending...
To those who accept everything, happiness.
To those who resist everything, glory.
Fakir!
To those who accept everything, happiness.
Fakir! Fakir!
Fakir, answer me. Let me hear your voice!
To those who resist everything, glory.
Ahiru...
Please, Fakir...
Fakir!
He was chosen...
I'm sorry, Fakir. I couldn't do anything. Not a thing...
I heard a voice.
Your voice.
Someday, the prince will become my prince alone...
What am I?
What should I do? Should I love?
Love... How?
No! I will BE loved!
Love me! Love me!
Everyone, throw away your lives and love me!
This is bad! The story's turning tragic just as I wanted it to, but it'll stop because of them!
That won't do! That won't do!
I won't stand for that, you repugnant filth.
Rue-chan! Were you crying?
Of course not. What are you doing here?
Have we met before zura?
What are you talking about? I've never met a girl like you...
Who are you?
Isn't this world being controlled by Drosselmeyer's stories?
So you're saying you're going to cut off my hands?
I love everyone in the world and want to protect them...
And yet, I also want to make all the world's love my own.
Crown of Stone
All you children who love stories, come gather around.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
I loved like I was dreaming
It swells... My heart swells
I thought how wonderful it was to be alive
I can't wait for tomorrow
I want to be there for you
At all times
Wait, it won't wait
Running, running along
Passing by even the wind and the rain clouds
Just beating my own wings
