Once upon a time, there was a man who fell in love with a doll.
Perhaps the man's love made itself felt, for one day, the doll came to life and began to dance.
The man was delighted.
He thought a doll would never betray his love, and that now he could have the world's
most pure and innocent love all to himself.
But the doll, who had been given life, rejected the man's love and fell in love with a different man.
Oh, I couldn't sleep.
Mytho...
I wonder why he did that?
For him to jump out of the window of his own will...
I wonder if it's because his heart isn't complete yet?
Then I have to try even harder and get the rest of his heart back quickly!
What the hell happened?
Coppelia
This is serious!
I heard Mytho-sama was called into the office!
No way!
What about Fakir-senpai?
I heard he was with Mytho!
This has to be about how he got pushed out of the window yesterday.
Huh? Push...
You don't know, Ahiru?! Fakir-sama pushed the unresisting Mytho-sama out of the window!
What?! That's some kind of misunderstanding!
Because Mytho jumped out himself...
As if he'd do that!
Everyone was watching, so there's no making excuses.
But that's...
That was just too cruel, even for Fakir-sama.
I hope he keeps this up and becomes a criminal, plunging headlong down the path of a loser!
Anyway, let's go see!
Yes, let's!
But when I saw him, I'm sure that he...
Okay, then!
Quack!
Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack...
Unpleasant incidents just keep happening lately, don't they?
Just what happened yesterday?
That was because of my carelessness.
What?
It was an accident.
What?!
An accident?
Yes. I'm sorry to have caused you worry.
Why would you tell a lie like that?
What do you mean by that, Fakir-san?
I do have to say, the incident seemed rather unnatural for an accident.
Do you think Fakir pushed me, Cat-sensei?
Arguments sometimes happen.
Albrecht and Hilarion both wanted to marry Giselle.
It's because they wanted to marry her that such terrible things...
Marria...
I suppose you're still too young for that particular problem.
Well, that's fine. But I cannot let you continue to share a room.
Then I'll...
I'll leave.
Fakir...
It's quite audacious of you to eavesdrop.
If you keep that up, I'll have you marry...
Quack, quack.
Those eyes again...
What's happened to you, Mytho?
Mytho-sama looks like he's in so much pain.
Well, he was betrayed by the person he thought was his best friend.
And I heard he covered for Fakir-senpai anyway!
That's so like him.
Quack!
Who are you?
What?
Why are you inside me?!
Who is he talking to?
Pike?
Um, this might be none of my business, but...
I don't think this is good!
About Fakir-senpai... You two have been close friends for a long time,
so it's not that I don't understand why you'd want to cover for him...
But if something like this happens a second time, you might end up never being able to dance again.
Why are you talking to me about this?
I saw you. I saw you gliding down from the sky with a white bird.
What?
When I saw that, I thought you were being protected by something like the God of Dance.
A white bird? Does she mean Tutu?
You say such cute things.
And you have a forthright, strong, and beautiful heart.
Excuse me!
Pike...
I saw that! I saw that!
Quack...
Huh?
He's gone.
A crow's feather? Is this...
I know, I'll go talk to Fakir about it.
Anyway, I have to turn back into a girl somewhere.
No good, there's lots of people here.
Oh, I know where I can go!
This place should be okay!
Man, I danced my butt off!
Oh, where's Dylan-san?
Oh, shoot!
Armadylan-san!
Yes, sir!
Jeez, he scared me!
Wait, this isn't the time to be doing stuff like this!
I wonder where Fakir is...
Is there something going on with him lately?
With Fakir.
He's acting strange.
I mean, in the library!
He's been holed up in there forever!
The library?
Oh, he really is here!
Hey, Fakir! Just now Mytho and Pike ran into each other,
and it was kinda weird, and it was like it wasn't the normal Mytho,
and what happened yesterday was weird too,
and I wondered if maybe Meowzinsky's shoes were Mytho's fault too,
but that might be my imagination, but...
But, but it really was weird, so Mytho is, Mytho was, Mytho's, Mytho...
Can you please be a little quieter?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Calm down.
Did something happen to Mytho?
That's what I want to know.
And what happened yesterday...
Mytho jumped out the window himself, didn't he?
But in front of Cat-sensei, he made it sound like he was covering for you,
and that made it look like you were the bad guy.
Oh, and just now, I was following Mytho and he vanished all of a sudden.
And after that...
There was a crow's feather...
What?
Oof!
Why'd you stop so suddenly?
Rue-chan!
Fakir?
Fakir!
Was it you? What did you do to Mytho?!
What are you talking about?
Stop it!
Don't play dumb with me!
Let go of me! That hurts.
Come on, Fakir!
Show your true colors, Kraehe.
Stop it.
Let go!
Don't worry about me. I'm fine.
That's so like Mytho-sama!
He's so mature!
In contrast, Fakir is just so...
Oh, dear, Ahiru's prince is changing!
She'd better do something fast, before the beautiful sparkle in the eyes under that evil mask disappears!
Are you in pain, Father?
I want to get out of this place as soon as I can.
Then, I could wrap these wings around my beloved daughter and clasp her in a tight embrace...
You'll only have to endure for a little longer, Father.
It looks like the prince has found us our prey.
The prince has? Well, well.
I'm so glad I did what you told me to, Father.
Yes... If I hadn't soaked the heart shard of love
in Father's blood that day like he told me to,
my prince wouldn't have come back to me.
I have to be grateful to Princess Tutu for giving the heart shard back to him.
You know what you have to do about Princess Tutu, don't you?
In order to break the seal on me, we have to find the rest of the prince's heart shards.
We need Princess Tutu's power to do that.
If you ever try to get rid of her again, I'll show you no mercy, daughter or not.
I'm sorry! I won't do it again!
Good.
Rue-chan!
Despite being a crow, you have been born into an ugly human body.
And only I and the prince in the story can truly love a pitiful person like you.
I'd like to see your wedding day as soon as possible.
Thank you, Father.
I feel like that day was so long ago.
Ahiru!
I've got happy news!
Oh? What?
They say that starting tomorrow, Fakir-sama is suspended from school for a week!
No way!
Of course, way!
I hope he keeps this up and becomes a full-fledged juvenile delinquent!
Fakir was...
More importantly...
Earlier, I just happened to be following Pike,
and I just happened to see her meet up with Mytho-sama,
and then when I just happened to keep following them,
they went off to a place where there was absolutely nobody around.
Pike was with Mytho?
Well? Want to just happen to go see?
Yeah.
That's the spirit!
See?
Pike...
Hey, hold on!
Ahiru? What's with you?
Oh, um, uh...
What, do you have a problem with this?
It's none of your business if Mytho-sama and I are dating.
What? Mytho, you like Pike?
Those eyes again...
Mytho, what's happened? There's something weird about this.
What's so weird about going out with me?!
No, that's not what I meant! I meant what happened yesterday and stuff...
Mytho jumped out of the window himself, but...
You're still saying that?!
And the thing with Cat-sensei's shoes might have been Mytho's...
Cut it out already!
Mytho?
Who are you?
What are you trying to make me do?
Mytho-sama!
Stay away!
Mytho-sama...
Aw, and it was getting good too!
Hey, Pike, come on out.
Yeah! Step outside right now!
Let's discuss it properly, okay?
Come straighten things out!
Sorry, but be quiet for a second.
Huh? But you have to take a harsher tone with your enemies.
I don't think of Pike as an enemy.
Really, Ahiru? Is that really okay?
Yeah, that's really how I feel.
Hey, did you hear that?!
She says you're no threat to her!
That's not what I meant!
That's enough for today. Let's go, okay?!
We'll let you off for today!
Mytho-sama?
Kraehe?!
You're certainly working hard.
Are you researching princes? Or is it ravens?
Shall I tell you what's to become of the prince?
So you did do something, then?
The heart shard of love that Princess Tutu gave back to him...
It was soaked in the raven's blood.
The raven's blood?! You...
My father gave some of his own blood for his daughter's sake.
The raven's daughter?
The prince is going to change. He'll love only me,
and he'll find a young and beautiful heart for my father
and give it to him as a sacrifice.
When the blood has seeped through his whole heart, he'll never go back to the way he was again.
Did you tell her about this?
Maybe I should. If I did that I could make Tutu suffer, couldn't I?
Or maybe it would be more effective to tell the prince that she's really a human girl who's a horrible dancer.
It was stupid of you to break the prince's sword.
Without that, you can't even take his heart out again, can you?
In the end, you're just a human, and maybe all you can do is look things up in books.
Pike...
Sorry about before.
I really do need your love.
All right.
Are you afraid?
No, of course not!
Pike, love only me.
Yes.
Regard all others with hatred.
Yes, I'll love only you, and hate everyone else.
Pike!
Then as proof, you'll give me your beautiful heart, won't you?
Yes.
Then come into my arms!
Give me your heart!
That's the Waltz of the Doll from Coppelia.
If I have Mytho-sama, I don't mind losing my heart and turning into a doll.
The more beautiful the heart, the stronger the fragrance it gives off when dyed in evil.
Didn't Mytho fall in love with Pike?
He mustn't take Pike's heart!
Wait.
Dance with me.
No.
Tutu...
Pike!
It's no use.
Pike herself wants to give her heart to me and be sacrificed.
As long as Pike's feelings don't change...
Pike, stop!
Hey, are you really okay with this?
Swanilda from Coppelia was a normal girl just pretending to be a doll.
Just like you, Pike.
A girl who liked chatting and singing and loved dancing.
A girl in love.
If you really love Mytho, then you must want to chat with him and sing and dance with him, right?
You think you wouldn't mind losing your heart, but you have to realize that feeling isn't real!
Tutu.
Mytho!
Is this a bad dream?
Mytho...
He's...
What?
Another me inside me is...
Tutu... What's going to happen to me?
Mytho...
Good morning, princesses!
Hey, what happened?
Oh, you don't remember? Ahiru dragged you home last night.
Huh?
You two must have had a magnificent battle!
Oh, I wish I'd seen it, the two of you abandoning friendship to fight!
Two girls, in love with Mytho-sama...
Me, with Mytho-sama?!
Oh, yeah, come to think of it I was...
Pike... Thank goodness...
Huh? What about the battle?
There wasn't one.
No WAY!
But man, I don't even know why I was so crazy about Mytho-sama.
Oh!
That must be what you call the rashness of youth!
I'm gonna stick to Fakir-sama Love after all.
Princess Tutu is the only one who can get back the prince's heart.
But who can turn the heart soaked in raven's blood back to normal?
Will Princess Tutu be able to do that?
What's happening, behind the scenes where I can't see it?
I don't want to fight anymore.
Well, it would be wonderful if the world were full of flowers, right?
Your beautiful heart makes beautiful flowers bloom.
I was looking for her tail and I found her butt zura!
Her name is Uzura.
Karon made her out of the bits of wood from Edel that didn't burn away.
Kraehe, did you do something to Mytho?
You're the one who made the prince like this, Tutu.
Why?! Why won't you love me?!
The Maiden's Prayer
All you children who love stories, come gather around.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
I loved like I was dreaming
It swells... My heart swells
I thought how wonderful it was to be alive
I can't wait for tomorrow
I want to be there for you
At all times
Wait, it won't wait
Running, running along
Passing by even the wind and the rain clouds
Just beating my own wings
