Once upon a time, there was a man who died.
The story the man wrote was about a happy prince who loved everyone and was loved by everyone.
The people fought, each wanting him to love them and them alone,
and an evil raven pecked at their loving hearts one after another.
The more the prince loved them and tried to save them, the more the people's love just fed the raven.
In the end, the raven thought I'd like to try eating the prince's heart, the most delicious one of all.
Thank you.
Hey!
What happened?
Who is she? Why did the story...
I won't let the story double back anymore.
Fakir... What are you trying to do?
You're not thinking of rewriting the story controlling this town, are you?!
I just want the power to protect people.
Autor, can I ask you something?
What?
Is my power really something that changes stories into reality?
Am I not just writing down what will eventually become reality anyway?
Those two things are part of the same power.
If your power is immature, of course it will be swayed by reality.
But if you develop a strong power, reality should start obeying your stories.
Then it should be easy even to manipulate the fates of all mankind!
The power to protect, huh?
Did I really write a story that saved her with my own power?
The Prince and the Raven
Or was I made to write it?
Her feelings for Mytho are spilling up through my hand and out onto the page.
Even though I couldn't write one letter of a story about Mytho,
I could write a story to save her as if it were flowing from me.
But the story I need to write is about Mytho...
I'm at Fakir's?
That manuscript...
He said he wrote that for me.
Oh, Uzura-chan!
So you got back safe too, huh?
Fakir!
So you're awake. You'll eat, won't you?
Yeah.
Oh, that's the story you wrote...
It's a story that's over now.
The story about me that Fakir wrote for me...
I kind of wanted to read it.
But I'm glad you're able to write stories now!
And then when I told him I thought the heart shards were in the five gates he said congratulations.
So basically, those shards are sealing away the raven?
Now we can get them all!
But then, the raven will be restored too.
Huh?
Calm down. It's a bridge we'd have to cross eventually anyway.
And if we don't do it fast, Mytho might not be able to go back to normal anymore.
That's true. And even if the raven is restored, it'll be no problem now that we have your power to write stories, huh?
You do your best.
That's right, Mytho has Fakir and he has Princess Tutu.
He'll never lose to the raven!
I'm sure Rue-chan will return to normal too, and...
Rue-chan?
Good morning, prince.
Prince?
Prince, you're hungry, aren't you?
Hello, Kraehe. I am hungry.
Stop it!
What did you do that for? You love me, don't you?
You don't love me?
My love has only made you into this. I have no right to love you.
That's Mytho?
Let us dance...
My prince.
Certainly.
Prince...
I've never seen Rue-chan dance so sadly.
Do you remember all the pas de deux we danced together?
You're my prince, you know.
Is that so?
Yep! After all, that's what Father said.
The prince! He sealed me away. He's the enemy deserving of our hatred.
Ah, but he is the one prince that you should marry, Kraehe.
What?
A prince who loves everyone should be able to sincerely love even a girl like you.
Really?
Yes, really.
I was happy only when I was with you.
Mytho? Mytho!
I wanted you to always look at me alone.
I wanted to never be separated from you for a moment.
Say, look. Is this pretty?
Yes. I have to go back to Fakir soon...
What? Wait! Watch...
I'm sorry.
Watch me more! I practiced so hard!
But you...
Kraehe, go to the human world as a human girl and win the prince's love.
Yes, Father.
And if you should ever get hold of a shard of the prince's heart, bring it to me.
Because I have a task to perform in preparation for your wedding to him.
Yes.
It's the first day of lessons for those in the beginners' class, so I'll take this time to talk about ballet and marriage.
Ballet and marriage are inextricably intertwined.
In other words, ballet equals marriage!
Hello, Rue.
We'll be able to see each other every day from now on, my prince.
Mytho.
If you ever call Mytho prince again, you'll be sorry.
Then I won't do it if you won't get in our way.
I didn't want anyone to know I was a crow...
So I sealed away the memories.
My beloved daughter.
I believed I was Father's daughter!
I'm a fool...
There's no way a mere human like me could marry the prince from the story.
Rue-chan really wasn't Kraehe!
Let's dance, Kraehe.
Rue-chan.
Ahiru...
Why does Mytho look like that now?
You were watching?
That's right, it's my fault.
What?
You can just laugh at me, the foolish girl tricked by a raven.
I wouldn't laugh at you.
Liar! I know you're thinking this serves me right!
No, I'm not!
Just leave me alone.
Rue-chan, inside the five town gates are the heart shards that are sealing away the raven.
If we give them back to him, I'm sure Mytho will go back to normal.
They're sealing the raven?
You mustn't!
What?!
If the raven is restored and the prince gets all of his heart back, he'll give his heart to the raven.
What?
But if the prince goes back to normal...
What if he DOESN'T go back to normal?!
Huh?
The raven was trying to get us to make the prince give him his heart!
That's what he's wanted all along!
That's... But...
Don't do anything more!
Rue-chan...
Please! Stop...
If I were Princess Tutu, I'd never give him his heart back.
I can't believe it... Then what should I do?!
What a shame for you, Little Duck.
The story won't end that easily.
In the first place, that's not tragic enough!
What should I do...
Quack!
Quack...
What's wrong with Ahiru zura?
The duck doesn't know.
That's the voice of the Myself who's a puppet!
She doesn't know about that.
About that?
That is a truth which should have been revealed after the prince's heart was stolen by the raven.
The prince from The Prince and the Raven has become real?
I see...
And the raven has become real as well, and is about to be restored even as we speak...
This town really IS being controlled by stories.
My hypothesis was correct!
I'm the knight who was given the fate of death in vain.
So I can't protect the prince with a sword.
So that's why you want to write stories?
Yes.
To be frank, at your level of power, it will be impossible for you to rewrite Drosselmeyer's stories.
If you're at a level where the story is writing itself through you, there's no way you could possibly turn your stories into reality.
I know that!
That's why I want you to help me, Autor.
Why should I have to do that for you?
I need your knowledge!
I'm saying, why should I...
Quack...
Mytho... What does Mytho want me to do?
Quack? Uzura-chan...
You're going to stop being Ahiru zura.
Quack?
Myself told me so zura.
Myself?
Quack?! Quack, quack, quack! Quack, quack, quack, quack!
Quack...
Myself is inside me zura.
What?
The sound of Uzura-chan's heart...
This music is...
Edel-san!
It's been a long time, hasn't it, Ahiru?
Edel-san!
The duck doesn't know about that.
What?
The duck's pendant...
Pendant?
Yes. That is the last of the prince's heart shards.
What?!
It resonates with the heart shards because it is a heart shard itself.
That shard awakens Princess Tutu.
Princess Tutu, the only one who can give the prince's heart back to him.
I get it... Before the prince shattered his heart, it was his will that he'd someday get it back, wasn't it?
But whether or not the duck returns that heart shard depends on her own will.
Edel-san...
My will is the same as Mytho's.
Quack.
It looks like you feel a little better now zura.
Quack.
Are you going to give the pendant back to the prince zura?
Yeah.
Then you'll go back to being a duck zura?
Yeah.
Then we won't be able to even talk to each other anymore zura?
Right.
Then...
Then even if I put water on you, you won't go back to normal zura?
Right. But that's the real me.
You're really a duck?
Yeah. So don't cry.
Okay zura.
Uzura, or rather, that cursed Edel, stuck her nose where it didn't belong!
That was the secret I was saving for my last bit of fun!
Well, but with a small thing like this, they won't be able to escape from the tragedy, though.
Mytho...
Won't you dance with me?
What?
Why are you frightened of me?!
Just now I felt afraid of Mytho.
Oh, that scared me!
Prince...
Kraehe, dance with me.
When I'm not dancing with someone, I'm uneasy and lonely and it hurts and I can't stand it.
Prince...
I'm sorry, my prince.
You're suffering because of the raven's blood.
The hearts of these birds hurt people.
Even the people you love...
The more you love them,
the more you hurt them.
My Prince, your heart loves everyone and I have ruined it with these very hands.
Everything is my fault.
Because I just wanted to have your love all to myself...
I'm sorry.
Rue-chan.
Tutu...
This pendant that makes me Princess Tutu is one of the prince's heart shards too.
So getting all of his heart back is the prince's own will.
I'm going to act according to the prince's will.
Let's believe in the prince.
All right.
O shards, answer me. Here I am!
Look what you've become!
This is the prince? How lamentable.
What?
Is it not too late already?
We have no choice but return to our original heart now.
Let us prepare ourselves.
Yes. The raven is about to revive. Let us not waver in our purpose.
Thank you, Princess Tutu. But if...
If the raven's curse is not lifted even after I go back inside my heart,
please do not return the final heart shard.
But...
If that happens, please find a way to lift the curse, quickly.
But that's...
We do not have a moment to spare. Now...
If that is what the prince wills.
Prince!
Prince...
We finally meet again.
This is the raven...
Now, Kraehe, bring the prince here.
No!
What? Are you saying you do not mind losing my love?
My father is no raven! You're a liar!
So you've realized, then.
I've raised you drinking my noble blood ever since you were a babe, but in the end you are a foolish human girl.
Not only were you to be unable
to turn the prince's affections toward you like your blood demanded,
but to think you succumbed to love!
I don't need any raven's blood!
When I was Rue... I was happiest when I was Rue!
Rue-chan...
What a waste of my time. Now, prince, come to me on your own power.
Give me your heart!
You mustn't!
You mustn't go!
Please, don't go!
Don't go!
Prince!
Prince, wait!
Prince, don't go!
Don't eat the prince's heart!
Eat my heart instead!
I love you! I have ever since I was little!
I've always loved you!
What is this feeling?
How dare you interfere!
This frail love... I...
I have to protect it.
Tutu... Tutu, were you the one who helped me?
For you to love him so much you'd give up your life...
You are a foolish girl to the end.
When that happens, I'll go back to being just a bird, won't I?
I won't ever study ballet with everyone again.
That's all right, isn't it? That's who you really are.
I'd like you to return my final heart shard.
Um... Will you love me?
Let's go back to being our true selves.
Farewell, Mytho.
Farewell...
The Dying Swan
All you children who love stories, come gather around.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
I loved like I was dreaming
It swells... My heart swells
I thought how wonderful it was to be alive
I can't wait for tomorrow
I want to be there for you
At all times
Wait, it won't wait
Running, running along
Passing by even the wind and the rain clouds
Just beating my own wings
