Once upon a time, there was a knight.
The knight never faltered in his duty, no matter what it was.
He did not even falter in taking the life of his lover.
That was what he took pride in.
But the knight could not do anything but carry out his duty, and even after his death, he still seeks a duty to carry out.
They say the knight, who became a ghost and now haunts this world,
holds in his hand the blood-stained sword that pierced his lover's breast.
What was that?
The Wandering Knight
They say he appeared again!
The ghost knight!
Ahiru?
What's wrong? You're all spaced out.
Oh, no, nothing's wrong.
Oh! Come to think of it, today is...
Oh!
The day Fakir-sama comes back to school!
I wonder how wretched he'll look when he comes!
Oh, so that's today.
So you're completely a Fakir-sama girl now too, huh?
What?! No, I'm telling you, Fakir and I aren't like that!
But hey, if you're that serious about it, I have to support you, don't I?
Yeah, I'll support you with all I've got too!
No, you see...
Okay, then! First comes the love confession!
What's this?
They seem kinda freaky.
Yeah, we shouldn't get involved with them.
You be careful too, Ahiru.
Ahiru?!
You are a duck!
What?!
I am a shrimp, by the way.
We're expressing our own inner worlds in concrete form.
And your image is that of a duck.
Right...
So, what division are you a student in?
The ballet division.
Oh, my!
Might she...
Why don't we ask her?
Okay, then. Do you know Mytho-sama?
Yes...
You see, we're looking for a boy to dance ballet for us in our play.
I see...
We'd really love to ask Mytho-sama to do it, but...
Mytho?
You'll give me your beautiful heart, won't you?
No, as he is now, Mytho is...
Um, would it be okay if Fakir did it?
What?!
He's so scary.
He pushes people he doesn't like out the window, right?
That's not true! And he's just as good at ballet as Mytho.
That's true. With things as they are, Fakir-senpai would be okay too.
Really?!
This is a copy of the script. Could you give it to Fakir-senpai for us?
Yes! Thank you!
Hi.
I'm glad you're back, Fakir.
I've been waiting for you.
Fakir!
Mytho-sama!
Why did you come back?
I protect Mytho. That's all.
Protect? How?
What can you do?
A knight who couldn't even die.
The knight's role in the story was to be torn in two and die,
but not only were you saved in that unseemly way,
you've got the nerve to STILL be alive.
In the story, you're no longer needed.
Now, you'll just be forgotten.
I wonder what kind of play it is.
Oh, Fakir!
Morning!
What's with you, this early in the morning?
Hey, do you like plays, Fakir?
Ballet is dancing, but there's stories to it and stuff, you know?
So it's kind of like a play, I mean...
What are you trying to say?
See, the people from the Drama Club say they want you to dance the ballet in their play.
So read this script!
I mean, if you join clubs and stuff it'll be easier for you to come to school, right?
I want you to stick close to Mytho as much as you can, so...
Fakir?
I don't need you to tell me to do that.
Okay! I'll leave it to you, then!
Hey, wait!
Fakir-san.
Cat-sensei?
You needn't worry so much.
Bad blood between people has a way of eventually going away.
Oh, are you doing a club activity? That's excellent.
Boys and girls working towards one goal, sweating youthful sweat together...
As you're doing that, a new meeting!
And eventually, love blooms! And marriage...
Anyway, it is important to be involved in something in a positive manner.
Cat-sensei.
Yes?
Do you think it's possible to turn a love made impure back to normal?
That is a difficult issue.
What is an impure love?
What?
Who can say that Odile's love is impure?
What do you mean?
This is...
I wonder if Fakir read the script.
Oh, this must be it.
Hello!
Is anybody here?
Is Fakir he... I guess he wouldn't be.
Hey.
Qua...
Fakir! You came...
Where's the rest of this script?
Huh? What do you mean the rest?
It ends in the middle.
It does?
What?
Huh?
You hadn't even read the script and you dumped it on me?
Oh, but everyone said the part was perfect for you and all!
So the ghost knight is perfect for me, eh?
The ghost knight?
What kind of story is it?
He was hailed as the strongest of knights and enemy nations all feared him.
The knight believed his duty was to risk his life to protect his king.
He even killed his own lover, who was a spy for an enemy kingdom, without faltering.
Eventually, the two nations made peace,
but the knight was exiled from his country in wretched fashion,
and from then on, knew not whom to protect or whom to defeat.
He died that way and his soul still continues to wander this world...
The script ends here.
That's kind of a sad story, isn't it?
It's a funny story.
Rue-chan!
A knight who wanders around unable to do anything?
It certainly is perfect for you, Fakir.
Rue-chan!
Rue-chan...
Oh, it's Ahiru-san!
Oh, um, Fakir is...
My! You really brought him along?
This is the original.
There's no record of when it was written or by whom.
I happened to find it while I was cleaning the room.
It was inside this bag.
It was afterwards that the strange rumors started going around.
Of the ghost knight.
It's impossible for a story to come true.
But it makes good advertising for our play, doesn't it?
So you're going to help us, then!
He's nicer than we thought!
Definitely going to be a success!
Break a leg, Fakir.
Fakir?
Why? Why does this story bother me so much?
The dream I had, what the hell did it...
There was something strange about Fakir. I wonder what was wrong?
Well, whatever!
He decided to do it! So I can be glad, right?
But... I wonder what I can do for Mytho?
Is searching for his heart shards really all I can do?
That's right, that's right! You mustn't forget that.
So that you're not abandoned by the story...
So that you're not forgotten.
Would you like some water, Father?
Where is the heart? Hurry up and give me a heart to eat!
I'm sorry, Father!
I tried to capture a sacrifice in the prince's place, but...
YOU did?
Yes. But...
What a useless thing to do.
You listen to me.
You will not be loved by anyone, but me and the prince in the story!
And there is NO way you will ever be loved so much that someone would give their own life for you.
Remember that well!
Yes.
If you were to get in the prince's way again, you would lose even my love!
I'm sorry! I'll do things right this time!
The ghost knight and this book and the dream I had...
Just how are they...
Oh, there you are!
Fakir, everyone's assembled already!
Okay, I'll be right there.
Why would I dream about the ghost knight? Why?!
Did the ghost knight send me that dream?
The knight who's lost sight of his place to die, seeking something from me...
Does he want me to give him a place to die?
No, does it mean he'll prepare a place for me to die?
It's almost scary somehow.
It's as if he really were the ghost knight.
I'm going out shopping!
Say, I think I'd probably be faster. Want me to go?
Really? Then please buy these.
Okay!
Okay, I didn't forget anything, right?
But it kinda feels like the town's quieter than usual.
Is that because of the ghost knight rumors after all?
I'd better hurry back!
That was marvelous. This play will definitely be a success.
It was just like Ahiru-san said, wasn't it?
Where's Ahiru?
I had her go into town to do some shopping for me.
I see.
What do you think?
Would you do us the honor of formally joining our club?
I just remembered something I have to do.
Wait, Fakir-senpai!
You probably can't hope for much from him after all.
Your hair is very lovely. It's just like crow's feathers.
Thank you. Well? Have you decided on the next sacrifice?
It's those who possess young and beautiful hearts who are worthy of sacrifice.
I'm just taking my time deciding.
I see.
Are you getting impatient?
Say, there've been some interesting rumors lately.
You mean the ghost knight?
You know everything, don't you?
Is that from getting your heart back too?
Princes need strong knights.
What if you got the famous ghost knight on your side?
That's a good idea.
After all, you can't do anything, Kraehe.
Don't get angry. It's the truth, isn't it?
I know. I'll do as you say, Kraehe.
Why am I getting this bad feeling?
I wonder if this is that script's...
No, is this the ghost knight's fault?
This is kinda creepy...
Hey, did this town have a forest like this in it?
It's just a horse, right?
There isn't really such a thing as the ghost knight, right?
It's coming this way?
NO!
Qua...
Is that the...
He was real!
Huh? Does this mean the ghost knight just now had...
Huh?! Again?!
Ahiru! Are you there?
Oh, Fakir!
Just now, the ghost knight...
You saw him?
Yeah. And he might have a shard of Mytho's heart!
What?
I see, so I still had a duty I could carry out as a knight.
Fakir, you don't mean to fight with that knight, do you?
Yes. He's seeking the enemy he should fight.
But...
After I defeat him, you return the heart shard to Mytho.
Even if we end up dying on each other's swords, just leave me be.
Fakir! Wait!
It looks like that horse already senses who should be its master.
That's right!
I can give you an enemy you should defeat.
Your sword is seeking blood, isn't it?
Cut down that useless knight!
Mytho.
So it's just like the dream?
Now, if you are a true knight, do the job!
You're the one who showed me the end of the story, aren't you?
Just as you wish, I'll take this sword... and plunge it through your heart!
And then...
you can finally die!
No!
Stop!
You idiot, what are you doing?!
Don't fight, Fakir.
Wait, Tutu!
Damn it, where are you, Tutu?!
Tutu.
Dance with me.
Tutu!
What happened?! Where are you?!
Stay away!
No matter how many times you swing your sword, your heart won't be satisfied.
I think you've already realized that.
Because that's not your real heart.
What do you want so badly that you took your lover's life?
You can't stop fighting even after you've died, you're so sad, you suffer so much, you hold so much hate...
What do you want that much?
Is it really something more precious than a lover's life?
Stop fighting and give back Mytho's heart.
Stop this and give up your sword.
It's true that I'm from an enemy kingdom.
But I'm not saying this for my kingdom's sake.
I'm saying it because I love you...
Because I don't want you to bear any more sorrow.
That's right. Your battle is already over.
I'm the feeling of pride.
The feeling of pride...
The shards of Mytho's heart that I gave back are making him suffer.
But this is the one thing I can do right now.
I have to get all of my feelings back as soon as I can, with help from Princess Tutu.
And then, I'll go back into the story.
It makes sense that it's best for pieces of Mytho's heart to go back inside Mytho.
Right, Mytho?
Tutu...
Was the ghost knight able to die?
Ahiru!
Fakir, is it okay if I sleep a little?
Can't my sword even protect her?
Now I'm in a bind.
Something sinister is going on, but every single one of them is totally useless!
If only Edel were here at times like this...
Oh, what a bind!
I don't really want you brandishing a sword. I mean...
So you don't acknowledge me as a knight?
You have raven's blood running through your veins, just like I do.
If I have you, I can become a prima ballerina, can't I?
The feeling that's grown to the bursting point inside you, that's real love.
Shut up! What is this real love?!
What you're seeking is false love.
If this love is false, then all the love in the world is false love!
A Midsummer Night's Dream
All you children who love stories, come gather around.
The voice calling, come now, wake up
Wiping a tearstained face
The brilliant light and the dew on trees are born
By the secret water's edge that no one knows of
Dance the pas de deux of life
Dreaming again today
It is a gentle, yet fierce current
How far does the labyrinth stretch?
I shall go
The dream I hold tight
I loved like I was dreaming
It swells... My heart swells
I thought how wonderful it was to be alive
I can't wait for tomorrow
I want to be there for you
At all times
Wait, it won't wait
Running, running along
Passing by even the wind and the rain clouds
Just beating my own wings
