You can't judge how beautiful a girl really is by the way she looks.
You have to look at our hearts and our love of justice.
If the photographer can't even understand that...
In the name of the moon, Sailor Moon will punish you!
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams
My thoughts are about to short circuit, I want to see you right now
Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
Guided by the light of the moon
We will meet again and again
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
We were born in the same land, miracle romance
I believe in it, miracle romance
I'm Usagi Tsukino. I don't look like a super heroine, but I am!
As you know, I transform myself by using a peculiar brooch
and fight against bad guys.
I'm the sailor warrior of love and justice, Sailor Moon!
And my friends are the smart and sweet Ami Mizuno,
and a slightly quick-tempered psychic girl, Rei Hino.
Both of them are so dependable, I feel like I'll fall behind.
But anyway, I just have to do my best!
Is Usagi a Model? The Focus of the Monster Camera
Lunch time! Lunch time! It looks so good!
Let's eat!
Wow, they're so pretty! These are wonderful photographs!
Wow, this is amazing!
These pictures were taken by a junior high student!
Japan Picture Grand Prize These pictures were taken by a junior high student!
Japan Picture Grand Prize I can't believe a junior high school student
Japan Picture Grand Prize Kijin Shinokawa I can't believe a junior high school student
Japan Picture Grand Prize Kijin Shinokawa received the highest honor in Japanese Pictures.
Japan Picture Grand Prize He must be a genius!
He must be a genius!
He must be a genius! The young and talented photographer, Kijin Shinokawa...
The young and talented photographer, Kijin Shinokawa...
What?! No way! He goes to Gohongi Number 1 Junior High School?!
X minus Y times pi R squared...
Ami! Big news! Big news! X minus Y times pi R squared...
Ami! Big news! Big news!
Look, look, this boy!
He's a student at a school
near the T. A. School for Girls that Rei goes to!
I know that.
This is no time to be acting so calm!
We have someone famous in the area!
Come on, let's go! Let's go together to get his autograph!
I have cram school to go to after school.
Sheesh, Ami! All you do is study!
You're wasting your precious youth.
Studying hard. That's what my precious youth is about.
This is pointless.
Excuse me, please let me take your picture.
Congratulations!
Please.
Mr. Shinokawa, can you tell me how you feel
about receiving the highest honor in Japanese Pictures?
I feel great!
So, will you keep taking more scenic pictures?
Yes, sort of...
There he is! It's Kijin Shinokawa!
Kijin!
Stop it!
Gohongi Junior High School
Gohongi Junior High School Rei...
Gohongi Junior High School Don't act like a groupie!
Don't act like a groupie!
What?! What's wrong with asking for an autograph from a celebrity?!
So, you can appreciate his art?
I'm just saying, if you're not interested in photography,
don't make such a fuss just because a famous photographer is in the area!
It's none of your business who I ask for an autograph!
Excuse me, please stop.
Excuse me, please stop.
The evening light changes quickly.
Now's my chance!
Be careful.
Yes, thank you!
I'm a huge fan of yours.
I hope you keep up the good work!
Okay.
The stars know everything.
O Sirius, the star of evil shining in the dark sky...
Kijin Shinokawa, whom the star points to,
is about to attain his highest energy level.
By photographing numerous young women,
his energy level will increase.
Shinokawa
I can feel my imagination getting really fired up!
Art is explosive! I don't care who they are.
I just want to take explosive pictures of girls!
The next model could be you!
You could be the next model to be photographed
by the talented photographer, Kijin Shinokawa!
Oh, I'd love to be photographed!
Hey, Usagi, we got a new communication device!
I'm going to become a model!
I already gave Ami and Rei theirs.
Then I'll contact Ami and tell her I'm going to be a model!
Oh, dear...
What is it, Usagi?
Guess what, Ami? I'm thinking about becoming a model.
Usagi, you shouldn't use the communication device like this!
Anyway, I'm in the middle of a math problem right now. Sorry.
Oh, she hung up. Fine, then, I'll talk to Rei!
I'm just saying, if you're not interested in photography,
don't make such a fuss just because a famous photographer is in the area!
She's going to make fun of me if I call her. I just know it.
Forget it.
A model? With that face?!
What's your problem?!
There is no way! What's your problem?!
There is no way!
Besides, you need more than good looks and a good figure to be a model.
You have to be smart, too!
I'll study hard from now on!
No way! You hate studying and you're stupid, Usagi!
He'll just say,
Stupid Rejected
Stupid Rejected Sorry, you're not good enough!
Sorry, you're not good enough!
Anyway, you'll just get disqualified during the first selection stage
where you submit your photo.
Mom, Shingo's so mean to me!
Oh, but I think Shingo's actually pretty right.
My family is so cruel.
Both my mom and kid brother are merciless!
Crown
Crown Cheer up, Usagi!
Cheer up, Usagi!
You should never give up before you start!
The most important thing is to challenge yourself!
You're the only one who supports me, Motoki.
Motoki is right.
Well, you'll probably fail anyway,
but no matter the outcome, the important thing is to participate.
I didn't ask for your opinion!
Both men and women have got the wrong idea, lately.
They assume they've become beautiful, if they pretty themselves up.
A girl's beauty isn't limited to her looks.
Then what else counts?
It's what's inside! A kind heart
and the guts to carry out what she thinks is right!
Guts? For a girl?
That's right! Well, you don't have either, though.
Why, of course, I don't!
Besides, this guy just wants to photograph young girls,
no matter who they are!
If that's his approach to photography,
this Kijin Shinokawa must be a second...
no, he must be a third-rate photographer.
That's enough! I don't even want to see your face anymore!
Mamoru, she's a young lady. You shouldn't treat her like a little kid.
I know that,
but we always end up fighting every time we talk.
I guess we just don't get along.
Hey, what are you doing?
Well...
Oh! I know.
You're wondering if you got an acceptance notice
from the first screening.
Eek!
You're so stupid!
I told you there's no way you'll get accepted!
You got rejected during the photo selection stage for sure!
Shut up! Go away!
Usagi, there's mail for you.
It's finally here!
It's probably just junk mail anyway.
I did it! I passed the first screening!
Look! It says to come to New Japan Hotel tomorrow
because they're doing a photo shoot by the pool!
Accepted Acceptance Notice Miss Usagi Tsukino You have passed the first screening. The photo shoot will be at the New Japan Hotel on July 4th. How about that?!
How about that?!
A-e-i-o-u!
Raw wheat, raw rice, raw eggs.
Usagi, what are you doing?
Practicing to be a model!
Don't ask me stupid questions!
I have to practice singing, too!
Rabbit, rabbit, what are you looking at when you hop...
It sounds terrible!
I think this'll be the perfect dress for tomorrow. Oh, yeah!
They said I need to bring a swimsuit.
I'm pretty sure it's in this drawer.
Moths ate into it and it's full of holes!
New Japan Hotel
Kijin Shinokawa Photo Session Hall
Wow! So many people!
Art is explosive!
Everyone, please go to your assigned rooms and wait there!
I don't want to be disturbed while I'm taking pictures, so don't peep!
Japan Pictures Winner Kijin Shinokawa Photo Session I don't want to be disturbed while I'm taking pictures, so don't peep!
Japan Pictures Winner Kijin Shinokawa Photo Session Everyone come in at the appointed time. Got it?!
Japan Pictures Winner Kijin Shinokawa Photo Session Yes!
Yes!
I have a bad feeling about this.
What do you mean?
Kijin Shinokawa is acting completely different than before.
All artists tend to be a bit weird.
Besides, there's just something wrong about you getting accepted.
Luna!
Oh, Usagi!
My, so you were accepted, too?
I can't believe this. Both Naru and Ms. Haruna...
It's important for a model to always smile.
Did I gain a little weight?
Hey, Usagi. You should also change into your swimsuit soon.
Oh, yeah...
Didn't you bring one?
I'm already in it.
Then, why don't you take your clothes off?
Yeah... Then, why don't you take your clothes off?
Yeah...
Oh, it's cute!
I tied ribbons in all the moth holes.
I still think something is fishy.
Art is explosive!
If I feel something, I get closer and boom! Take the picture!
I'm such a genius when it comes to taking pictures!
What's going on?!
All the girls...
Usagi, we're in trouble!
All the girls Kijin Shinokawa photographed just disappeared!
What kind of nonsense is that?
I'm not kidding!
This must be one the Dark Kingdom's evil plots!
Please contact Ami and Rei!
Oh, shush! I'm busy right now.
Oh, really? Then I'll tell everyone about your swimsuit!
Okay, I get it!
Usagi, what did you get?
Oh, it's nothing!
I definitely gained weight.
Oh, Ami.
I'm at the New Japan Hotel for a photo shoot right now.
Come see me in my moment of glory!
Wrong! Something's about to happen! Come see me in my moment of glory!
Wrong! Something's about to happen!
Come here right away with Rei!
Usagi, it's our turn.
I have definitely gained weight!
Okay, let's go!
Wait!
Usagi!
Oh, no!
Luna, I'll never forgive you!
Come back here!
Hey! Stop right there, Luna!
Oh, I'm the only one that won't be photographed.
I'm a genius!
They disappeared!
I told you so!
This is terrible! Let's go, Luna!
Kijin, what did you do to everybody?
Art is self expression! I don't care who she is.
I'm going to snap pictures of girls! Boom! Boom!
You're wrong!
What did you say?
You don't care who it is, as long as she's a young girl?
Anyone who takes photographs with an attitude like that
is a third-rate photographer!
She's just repeating what Mamoru said!
You're supposed to be a photographer
who understands the beauty in this world!
Please wake up!
Back off!
Ouch!
Are you okay, Usagi?
Now, transform into Sailor Moon!
Moon Prism Power Makeup!
You can't judge how beautiful a girl really is by the way we look.
You have to look at our hearts and our love of justice.
Who are you?!
I'm the sailor warrior of love and justice, Sailor Moon!
Monster, I know you've possessed Kijin! Come out now!
Oh! You're beautiful!
You're being controlled by a monster! At this rate,
all your passionate energy will be taken by the monster!
Sailor Moon Kick!
Hang in there!
Sailor Moon. I am Cameran, and Kijin's energy will be mine!
Take this!
No way!
Sailor Moon, be careful! If Cameran takes your picture,
you'll be trapped inside the photograph!
I don't wanna be trapped!
Watch out, Sailor Moon!
Oh, Luna! Where are you?!
She's right here.
Luna! Kijin!
You're terrible... You're terrible!
Sailor Moon.
I'll make sure to get you this time! Take my shutter attack!
Stop right there!
Sailor Mercury! Sailor Mars!
Bubble
Spray!
Monster, I will seal your evil powers away!
Begone, Evil Spirit Monster, I will seal your evil powers away!
Begone, Evil Spirit
Begone, Evil Spirit Rin, Pyo, Tou, Sha, Kai, Jin, Retsu, Zai, Zen. Begone, evil spirit!
Impertinence! Such petty tricks will not work on me!
What's going on?
Sailor Mercury! Sailor Mars!
I will get you now!
Sailor Moon, be careful!
If Cameran takes your picture, you'll be trapped inside the photograph!
If the camera captures you, you'll be turned into a picture! Okay!
It's too late for you now!
What?!
I'm being trapped inside the camera?! I cannot disappear!
Monster, Cameran, I won't forgive you!
What?!
Moon Tiara Action!
I've had enough of photo shoots!
The star of evil has disappeared.
Nephrite, it seems that your plan has failed.
Who's there?
Zoisite?!
I am sure Queen Beryl will be very happy to hear of your performance.
What about you? Have you found the legendary Silver Crystal,
that will wake our great ruler?
You should properly fulfill your duties rather than worry about others.
Countless beings possess energy on this Earth! Countless!
Where is Usagi?
She locked herself in her room.
Maybe she made a fool of herself at the photo session.
She's probably too embarrassed to face us.
I have decided to stop taking pictures for a while.
How come? When will you start shooting again?
Someone taught me a lesson.
That a woman's true beauty is not about how she looks.
It is about what's in her heart and her love of justice.
When I truly understand what that means,
I will take up my camera once again.
Someone taught you a lesson? Who?
A wonderful girl.
I wish Usagi would become a wonderful girl like that, too.
I couldn't agree more.
That'd be impossible for stupid Usagi!
In my dream, you and I were together
Protected by the stars
When we were friends, it didn't bother us
And we casually talked to each other
But there was a moment when I noticed only you
I want to become prettier right here and now
Something changes when you fall in love
I close my eyes and check to make sure
I want to convey the thrill I felt when we held each other
