Trying to get energy from lovers is unfair!
What about the poor girls who don't have boyfriends?!
In the name of the moon, Sailor Moon will punish you!
Gomen ne sunao ja nakute yume no naka nara ieru
Shikou kairo wa short sunzen ima sugu aitai yo
Nakitakunaru you na moonlight denwa mo dekinai midnight
Datte junjou dou shiyou heart wa mangekyou
Tsuki no hikari ni michibikare
Nando mo meguriau
Seiza no matataki kazoe uranau koi no yukue
Onaji kuni ni umareta no miracle romance
Shinjite iru no miracle romance
I'm Usagi Tsukino, 14 years old. I'm in the 8th grade.
I'm clumsier than others
and a bit of a crybaby. That's about it.
One day, a strange black cat, Luna, appeared
and gave me a peculiar transforming brooch
and made me a sailor warrior.
But, she wants me to fight against bad guys.
That makes me really nervous.
Oh well, I guess everything will be okay.
I Want a Boyfriend, Too! A Trap on a Luxury Cruise Ship
Moon Tiara Action!
Darn that detestable girl!
I had no idea the great Master Jadeite
was having such a hard time with a little girl.
Tetis...
I'm so glad that you remember me, Master Jadeite.
You serve directly under Queen Beryl.
What brings you here?
You have not changed a bit.
I adore you, but you always give me the cold shoulder.
I don't have time for your games. Get out of here!
Now, don't be so cross.
I, Tetis, have developed a very efficient way to collect energy.
What did you say?!
Do I finally have your attention now?
I call it Operation Romantic Cruise!
In the middle of the night on the ocean...
It is a world for just the two of you.
On a night like this, you'll feel like you could talk about anything.
Romantic Cruise for lovers.
Finally, leaving on its maiden voyage tomorrow!
It must be so nice.
Tokyo - Yokohama Departure 18:00 22:00 Romantic Cruise Passenger Capacity 666 Total Weight: 28,717 ton
Wouldn't you love to sail on a ship like this just once in your life?
But they say it's booked for a month in advance already.
Oh, that Romantic Cruise? It's nice, isn't it?
A luxurious passenger ship with a maximum passenger capacity of 666.
If you spend a night gazing at the scenery from Tokyo to Yokohama
on a ship like this, any couple would fall in love. Don't you think so?
If I were with you, that would never happen. I'm sure of it.
Miss Usagi, did you want to get on this ship?
Oh, I wish I knew...
Umino, are you saying...
You had tickets?!
Yes, but I gave the invitational tickets to the lady next door.
Why did you just give them away?!
Well, we are still in junior high school after all.
Tokyo Yokohama Sailing 18:00 22:00 We can't do anything delinquent like going out so late at night.
We can't do anything delinquent like going out so late at night.
He's got a weird sense of ethics.
Come to think of it, I think the raffle going on in the shopping district
is giving these tickets away as prizes...
Jubancho Shopping District
Big Sale Raffle First Prize An Invitation For Two On The Romantic Cruise Jubancho Shopping District Association
I'll win this time!
No! I lost again!
Here's your consolation prize of tissues!
Juuban Shopping District A Big Sale Raffle Booth
Juuban Shopping District A Big Sale Raffle Booth It's so unfair!
Juuban Shopping District A Big Sale Raffle Booth Usagi.
Juuban Shopping District A Big Sale Raffle Booth Oh, Rei.
Oh, Rei.
Hey, listen, listen!
I tried ten whole times to win this prize!
Invitation for two. You actually want this stuff?
You're not interested, Rei?
Of course not!
We don't have time to waste on this kind of stuff!
I'd like a turn, please.
Go right ahead!
What?!
She's so serious!
First Prize Romantic Cruise Invitation For Two
First Prize Romantic Cruise Invitation For Two Congratulations!
Congratulations!
You won the first prize! Tickets for the Romantic Cruise!
Wow, I did it!
Rei, you are such a hypocrite!
Hey, Rei, you said you weren't interested!
It doesn't mean I have to give the tickets to you.
Then, why don't we go together?
I bet it'll be nice and romantic.
This is a cruise you're supposed to go on with your boyfriend!
I know you don't have any!
Shut up!
See? I'm right! You don't have anybody!
I'm not you, you know. I have one or two...
Stop it, both of you!
What's going on?
Their usual comedy routine.
Ami, Rei's being really mean to me!
Ami, I'm glad you're here! Do you have a minute?
What is it?
Never mind, just hurry over here!
I know it! I just know she doesn't have any boyfriends!
I'm not finished talking to you! Hey!
You're finished, you're finished.
What? You and me?
Here they are!
What about Usagi? It seemed like she really wanted to go.
No way! This romantic cruise is not for someone like her.
But...
Observing different things will broaden your horizons. So, let's go!
I'm looking for a wonderful boyfriend like Tuxedo Mask.
I thought so. She doesn't have a boyfriend.
So, Ami, let's go together! Please, please, please!
Okay.
They're planning on leaving me out of all the fun!
I am never giving up!
Oh, I wish she would be this proactive in other areas.
Okay, it's time to sneak in!
How are we going to sneak in?
Don't be silly! This is exactly what
I've got this for!
Don't do it, Usagi!
You're only supposed to use that for justice!
Oh, don't be so uptight!
Moon Power! Turn me into a beautiful camera woman!
Okay, Luna, in you go.
No! No! I don't want to go! Okay, Luna, in you go.
No! No! I don't want to go!
Come on!
Captain Jadeite, our young prey just keep coming.
You're amazing, Tetis!
Nobody will suspect this is actually a wrecked ship
that is built out of your evil seawater powers.
With my evil powers, this is easy to do.
Well, I wish you all find love,
you fools!
We are ready to leave port now.
All right, cast off.
Aye, Sir!
This ship is so shaky! How come everyone looks so happy?
Hey, it seems like we're the only girls who came together.
I know!
Sure, they said it was a ship for lovers,
but I never expected that everyone here would be a couple.
Looks like we won't be finding any boyfriends.
Where are we?
I think it's the engine room.
No way! Engine rooms aren't this quiet.
Then maybe it's stopped.
Something is wrong. It's moving at full speed.
You worry so much.
They probably have some new state-of-the-art engine.
Never mind that.
I wonder where Rei and Ami are?
What are you doing there?!
Are you a reporter?
You are not allowed in these areas.
Oh, he's so handsome!
What is this incredibly evil aura?!
It's not safe here.
Oh, I just got separated from the rest of my staff.
I see, that is a problem.
Would you help me find them?
Certainly...
Something about her bothers me.
I'm so lucky! I've already found a gorgeous guy!
Oh, I just came up with a great idea!
What is it?
Since there are so many couples on this ship,
there should be some that'll break up!
So?
That's where we'll come in
and catch those single guys!
What do you think?
I should have stayed at home and studied instead.
Engine Room Do Not Enter
I would love to announce it over the ship's intercom,
but I do not want to break the passengers' romantic mood.
I totally understand.
But this is already good enough for me.
What is this? I have a strange premonition.
Why do I feel so wary of this slip of a girl?
Oh, why is he looking at me so intensely?
Captain.
It is almost time.
All right. Please excuse me, I must go now.
Okay.
Man! It was just getting good!
Usagi, we need to investigate!
This ship is full of monster aura!
What?!
Captain's Cabin
At last.
Yes, the energy generated by love has almost reached its peak.
When it does, I shall collect the energy from all 600 passengers at once.
So, what do you think of my plan?
I will congratulate you when you have succeeded.
I am 99 sure this will be a success.
Once I succeed, I hope you will notice me a little more.
I will think about it.
What are they talking about?
They have got to be monsters!
But he's so handsome.
I can't believe you, Usagi!
Oh!
They're gone!
They're probably really going to do something now!
Shouldn't you eat a little more quietly?
Nonsense! If I can't find a boyfriend, I'm going to eat all I want!
I'm going to eat everything in sight!
Ladies and gentlemen, please gather in the reception hall.
We will be putting on a special show for you.
Maybe we should go!
Sure! It'll probably be better than staying here.
It said the reception hall!
Those monsters must be there also.
Yeah.
Reception Hall
We will now show you the most romantic show you have ever seen!
Wow, this is something!
This is a pretty elaborate show! Wow, this is something!
This is a pretty elaborate show!
Rei...
That's definitely a monster.
I don't know where the reception hall is!
You shall keep dreaming even after you go to Hell!
Jadeite...
You two!
A terrible miscalculation, Tetis.
You only stole the energy of love.
Your trick does not work on these girls who are not in love.
You two, why didn't you come here with boys?
Shut up! It's none of your business!
Pesky girls. Get rid of them!
How about that?!
It'll be endless at this rate.
We can't transform now because they'll find out who we are.
We're in trouble.
They are only delaying the inevitable.
Master Jadeite,
I miscalculated slightly,
but I have collected a large amount of energy.
I believe Queen Beryl will be pleased.
That's true.
There it is, Usagi!
There it is, Usagi!
I know!
I know!
Moon Prism Power Makeup!
Stop right there!
Sailor Moon!
I'm the sailor warrior of love and justice!
Sailor Moon!
Impertinent girl!
How dare you only steal energy from lovers?!
What about those poor girls who don't have boyfriends?!
What?! What about those poor girls who don't have boyfriends?!
What?!
In the name of the moon, I will punish you!
Finally, you show yourself, Sailor Moon!
I am your opponent!
You're kidding me!
Be careful, Sailor Moon!
That monster can control seawater!
Take this!
Good, Tetis!
Fire Soul!
Let's hurry, Sailor Mars!
Yeah! I have to pay her back a hundredfold for humiliating us!
Die!
Bubble
Spray!
Shoot!
Fire
Soul!
Now, Sailor Moon!
Okay!
Moon Tiara Action!
I underestimated you because you were just girls,
but you seem to have become more powerful than before.
Jadeite, prepare yourself!
I am so mad!
Both of you, don't let your guard down!
You cannot beat me! This will be the end of you!
Huh? Where did he go?
Did he run away?
No way! Did he run away?
No way!
Queen Beryl...
You used my precious subordinate,
the monster Tetis, without my permission
and allowed her to die.
No, it's a misunderstanding!
This was all Tetis's idea to begin with.
I will listen to your excuses at the palace.
But depending on the situation, I will see to it that you pay for this.
Yes, my lady.
Damn you, Sailor Moon, just you remember this!
The romantic cruise is all ruined!
I'm not giving up!
If I ever have another chance, I'm definitely coming with a boyfriend!
Oh, me, too!
That would be impossible for you!
Urg That would be impossible for you!
What did you say?!
Geez, those two never quit, do they?
I'm going to study.
Oh, dear.
Yume no naka futari de ita yo ne
Hoshi tachi ni mamorarete
Tomodachi no toki ni wa ki ni sezu
Nanigenaku hanashite ita kedo
Anata dake ki ni naru shunkan ga atta no
Motto kirei ni ima sugu naritai
Koi suru to nanika ga kawaru ne
Me o tojite tashikamete
Dakishimeta tokimeki sono mama kono omoi tsutaetai
