You're the bad person who tricks girls who dream of becoming Cinderella
with a pair of fake glass shoes!
In the name of the moon, Sailor Moon will punish you!
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams
My thoughts are about to short circuit, I want to see you right now
Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
Guided by the light of the moon
We will meet again and again
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
We were born in the same land, miracle romance
I believe in it, miracle romance
I'm Usagi Tsukino, 14 years old. I'm in the 8th grade.
I'm clumsier than others and a bit of a crybaby. That's about it.
One day, a strange black cat, Luna, appeared
and gave me a peculiar transforming brooch and made me a sailor warrior.
But, she wants me to fight against bad guys.
That makes me really nervous.
Oh well, I guess everything will be okay.
Usagi Learns a Lesson! The Road to Stardom is Tough
If I'm like this even before I get to school,
I'll be so tired that I won't be able to study.
Mikan's Recommendation For Anyone Tired Genkirin Kekkou Medicines
Mikan's Recommendation For Anyone Tired
Mikan's Recommendation For Anyone Tired Mikan's Recommendation For Anyone Tired.
Mikan's Recommendation For Anyone Tired
Maybe I'll buy one, since Mikan is recommending it.
I'm late! I'm late!
Ouch!
What are you doing?!
Oh, that hurt!
You made it on time because I smacked you. Be thankful!
Ta-da! I finally got a poster of Mikan!
Umino, did you steal this poster from the drugstore?
No, I got this through a certain internet store!
If you want one,
I have several left over, so I'll sell it to you at a cheap price.
No, thanks, I don't want one.
As you know, Mikan Shiratori is from our Juban Municipal Junior High.
She's 17 years old and already in eight commercials.
Mikan Shiratori... 17 years old CM Works Done... 8 commercials She's 17 years old and already in eight commercials.
Mikan Shiratori... 17 years old CM Works Done... 8 commercials Her monthly income is 2,000,000 yen.
Mikan Shiratori... 17 years old CM Works Done... 8 commercials Monthly Salary... 2,000,000 yen Her monthly income is 2,000,000 yen.
Her monthly income is 2,000,000 yen.
Wow! 2,000,000 yen?!
I wonder how many shortcakes I could buy with that kind of money?
Wasn't she scouted when she was walking in town?
She was lucky!
Yeah. If I were lucky like her, I could do the same thing!
Piece of cake!
I can't believe those scouts never spotted us.
They just don't know a good thing when they see it.
To put it bluntly, the scouts do know when they see a good thing,
and that's why you girls were ignored.
What did you say?!
Frankly speaking, at our Juban Municipal Junior High,
the next star to follow in Mikan Shiratori's footsteps is...
Miss Usagi.
I'm a star!
Yeah!
New Spring Show on Channel 9 Rock, Paper, Scissors with Mikan! Yeah!
New Spring Show on Channel 9 Rock, Paper, Scissors with Mikan!
New Spring Show on Channel 9 Rock, Paper, Scissors with Mikan! Oh, Mika! Please give me your autograph!
Oh, Mika! Please give me your autograph!
TV Ashita Oh, Mika! Please give me your autograph!
Oh, Mika! Please give me your autograph!
Here! Please watch my show.
I can use this energy.
What?! Sing together?
That's right! We'll storm the entertainment world!
Storm them?!
I'm ready now!
No, no! I meant that we'd try to sell our songs!
And we'll become bigger stars than even Mikan!
Stars?
Right!
Let's do it, let's do it! I'm all for it!
She should know that we don't have time for that.
Together, we have nothing to be afraid of!
We'll be Cinderellas overnight!
Then, let's go for it!
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward,
I can say it in my dreams.
My thoughts are about to short circuit,
I want to see you right now.
Hey, stop killing the cat!
When do you mean, killing the cat?!
How rude! We're going to be future stars!
See ya!
Okay, one more time!
Okay!
Guided by the light of the moon,
Ouch! Guided by the light of the moon,
Guided by the light of the moon,
we will meet again and again.
Ouch! Oh, Usagi, you're so clumsy!
Ouch! Oh, Usagi, you're so clumsy! I count the sparkle of constellations...
I count the sparkle of constellations...
You, too, Naru!
You're so quick to blame me!
So are you!
All right, then let's both go our separate ways to become Cinderella!
No problem! But in that case, we'll be rivals from this moment on!
I said all that, but I don't know what to do.
Did you learn your lesson?
It's so funny!
It's the best!
Hey, Luna, how about trying something like that, too?
Dad, thanks for the great idea!
Pretty soon, we'll have entertainment reporters
knocking at our door!
Does she have a fever or something?
She always acts like that.
That's nothing, compared to how she usually acts.
Don't Come In!
Don't Come In! Now, Have you learned your lesson?
Why do I have to do something like this?
Don't complain! Okay, one more time!
Have you learned your lesson?!
Pardon me.
Gurio Umino has come to see Naru after receiving an invitation by phone!
Shush! Just get inside quick!
Well, in your case, I couldn't expect more out of you, Umino.
Excuse me, but why do I have to dress up like this?
I need to study.
Now, now, Umino, you need to learn about real life, too!
Learn about real life?
Usagi once told me,
that you'd be even more attractive if you knew a little more about real life.
Miss Usagi said that?!
Oh, my! I'll do anything!
The beauty and the beast combo.
This just might attract a lot of attention.
I feel as though my whole life has changed, Naru!
Really?
To Mikan
Someone! Help!
You, too, and even you could follow in Mikan Shiratori's footsteps!
Everyone can be Cinderella, starting today!
Hi, everyone! I'm Mikan Shiratori!
Cinderella Caravan
Cinderella Caravan How are you doing? We're looking for stars like me!
What? Is that the real Mikan?
It really is her!
Everyone, make sure to apply to our Cinderella Caravan!
I will! I will!
I wanna be Cinderella!
I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna!
Cinderella Caravan I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna!
I wanna! I wanna! I wanna! I wanna!
Hey, did you hear about the Cinderella Caravan?
What's that?
Usagi, you're so behind!
I've got a lot of things going on, okay?!
They're looking for the next Mikan Shiratori through the Caravan!
Since even Mikan is assisting in the search,
this is a pretty sure way to stardom!
I'll definitely win!
What are you talking about?! I'm the one who's going to win!
Right, Umino?
You are so right, Naru!
You don't need to do that right now!
Practice, practice.
Everyone, what do you want to be?
A star!
You guys, why aren't you in school?
Mikan, what are you doing, canceling your appointments?!
You can't just go off and do things on your own!
You, too, can be a star, starting from today!
A star?
A star!
I can walk on my hands!
V balance!
Those are great performances!
We're stars!
Today is the day we'll show them what we've been working on!
I quit!
What?! Why now?
I figured maybe you needed a little break, so I put up with it, but...
Hey, so you understand.
But this isn't just a little break, you're serious about becoming a star.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are!
Am not!
Then, don't apply for the Cinderella Caravan!
Now's not the time to be goofing off!
Do you understand your situation?
So, you'll quit, won't you?
Now, let's go home! Seriously, we don't have time for this!
Luna, you meanie!
Honestly...
Luna just doesn't understand a young girl's genuine dream!
Hi!
I just had to bump into the guy I didn't want to see.
I can see your dumpling head.
Don't tell me you're going to that Cinderella Caravan.
Well, I guess Dumpling Head
would have to compete with a comedy routine.
Are you kidding me?! Of course, I'm not going!
Get out of my way! I'm going home!
Darn it, he's such a busybody!
Yesterday, I went to buy two loaves of bread (pan)!
Uh-huh.
Then, they suddenly gave me strawberry-patterned panties (pantsu)!
What the heck?
Two loaves of bread is pan-two (panties)!
You pass! You're stars!
Miracle romance!
Congratulations! You pass!
Pass
We did it!
It must be our talent!
People who passed will be in a show,
which will be held at Shan Shan Plaza next Sunday!
From that moment on, all of you will be stars!
Stars!
What's going on?
Is that about how things work?
Yeah, it is. Then, how about this one?
What do you get if you take away a vulture's (hagetaka) feathers (ge/ke)?
You get naked (hadaka), of course.
Good morning, Naru!
Here!
Naru Osaka
Here!
Okay, does everyone have a roll of tape?
Oh, Miss Usagi! Here, please throw this, okay?
Everyone, I'm going to be holding an autograph session now!
Everyone, class is going to start!
Getting into the entertainment business isn't easy!
We don't have time for class!
Okay! Throw the tapes! We don't have time for class!
Okay! Throw the tapes!
Ouch!
You shouldn't damage a star's precious face!
Something is wrong here.
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward,
I can say it in my dreams.
Don't you think they're acting a little weird? I can say it in my dreams.
Don't you think they're acting a little weird? My thoughts are about to short circuit,
Yeah. My thoughts are about to short circuit,
Everyone around here is acting like them. My thoughts are about to short circuit,
Everyone around here is acting like them. I want to see you right now. Go! Go!
They all think they've become stars I want to see you right now. Go! Go!
And they've stopped studying and working. I want to see you right now. Go! Go!
And they've stopped studying and working. Moonlight that makes me want to cry,
I wonder if this is the doing of another monster? Moonlight that makes me want to cry,
I wonder if this is the doing of another monster? Midnight that keeps me from calling.
They're all people who participated in the Cinderella Caravan. Midnight that keeps me from calling.
They're all people who participated in the Cinderella Caravan.
Then, I almost became one of them, too. Because I'm so innocent, what should I do?
Yup, so you should thank me. Because I'm so innocent, what should I do?
Yup, so you should thank me. The heart is a kaleidoscope.
The heart is a kaleidoscope.
But you could say that you got in the way of my becoming a star. The heart is a kaleidoscope.
But you could say that you got in the way of my becoming a star.
I can't believe you're still saying that.
Please come to Shan Shan Plaza on Sunday.
That's where our concert's going to be!
We still have more tickets!
What are you saying?!
We're the one's who are putting a show on at Shan Shan Plaza!!
Excuse me?
What did you just say?! It will be our concert! Excuse me?
What did you just say?! It will be our concert!
No, it will be our live show!
No, it will be mine!
Everyone seems to think they're the star.
You, too, can be a star. Cinderella Caravan Cinderella Caravan You, too, can be a star.
It's weird. There aren't any customers lined up.
Shan Shan Plaza It's weird. There aren't any customers lined up.
Shan Shan Plaza
Shan Shan Plaza Are you ready?!
All right, everyone's show is going to start now!
You can hear them, can't you? The audience is cheering!
Let's do our best, Yumiko!
Okay!
At long last!
I'm getting excited!
Pass Pass I'm getting excited!
Pass Pass
Let's do it, Yumiko!
Okay!
Pass
Pass
One hand handstand!
My new V balance!
I'm going to start taking your energy now.
Soon, I will be able to offer fresh energy to our great ruler.
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams.
Handspring! I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams.
My thoughts are about to short circuit...
Reverse handspring! My thoughts are about to short circuit...
Reverse handspring!
What is that?
It's strange, isn't it?
Because I'm so innocent, what should I do?
The heart is a kaleidoscope.
You saw me, didn't you? The heart is a kaleidoscope.
You saw me, didn't you?
Mikan is...
Usagi!
Usagi! Usagi!
Now, transform into Sailor Moon!
Do I have to go there again?
Naru and everybody else are in danger!
Okay, then.
Moon Prism Power Makeup!
Miracle romance!
Yeah! I'm sorry I'm not straightforward...
What's going on?!
You're the bad person who tricks girls who dream of becoming Cinderella
with a pair of fake glass shoes!
Who are you?!
I'm the sailor warrior of love and justice,
Sailor Moon!
In the name of the moon, I will punish you!
What?!
I knew it! You're not Mikan, are you?!
You won't escape me!
Where did you go?
Luna, where are you? Oh, she's never around when I need her!
I found you!
What is this?!
What's going on?
I can't move!
I can't breathe...
You will die there.
What?! Who?!
Sailor Moon, you're the star of the show!
Tuxedo Mask!
Good luck!
How dare you interfere?!
Sailor Moon, now!
Stop!
Moon Tiara Action!
Huh?
What am I doing here?
No!
Where are we?
Kuri, when d'you start talkin' in the Kansai dialect?
I don't know.
I'm so tired.
Nothing good ever happens if you're always goofing off.
Okay, okay.
Don't, Okay, okay, me! Have you learned your lesson?!
In my dream, you and I were together
Protected by the stars
When we were friends, it didn't bother us
And we casually talked to each other
But there was a moment when I noticed only you
I want to become prettier right here and now
Something changes when you fall in love
I close my eyes and check to make sure
I want to convey the thrill I felt when we held each other
