Jadeite, don't underestimate the power of girls!
We're not just crybabies, you know!
Your countless evil deeds need to be stopped!
In the name of the moon, Sailor Moon will punish you!
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams
My thoughts are about to short circuit, I want to see you right now
Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
Guided by the light of the moon
We will meet again and again
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
We were born in the same land, miracle romance
I believe in it, miracle romance
I'm Usagi Tsukino, 14 years old. I'm in the 8th grade.
I'm clumsier than others
and a bit of a crybaby. That's about it.
One day, a strange black cat, Luna, appeared
and gave me a peculiar transforming brooch
and made me a sailor warrior.
But, she wants me to fight against bad guys.
That makes me really nervous.
Oh well, I guess everything will be okay.
Girl Power! The End of Jadeite
Jadeite, you collected a great amount of energy on Earth.
However, you also had a great many failures.
Furthermore, Sailor Moon, Sailor Mercury and Sailor Mars have appeared.
But in spite of the appearance of this opposition,
you have yet to destroy them.
But Queen Beryl...
I do not want to hear your excuses!
You will defeat the three sailor warriors standing in our way.
If you cannot destroy them, you will be sentenced to Eternal Sleep.
Did she say Eternal Sleep?
Oh, how terrifying!
Jadeite, I hope you already know
that once you are sentenced to Eternal Sleep,
you will fall to the bottom of darkness, never to return!
The Swan.
The Archer.
The Balance.
The arcade guy constellation.
The Tuxedo Mask constellation.
Wow! I'm so unfaithful!
I'm in love with both of them.
I'm so bad.
It's one-sided anyway.
Usagi's love is the same as the foam in the sea.
It'll be short-lived.
It's tough being a maiden in love. But what if
Tuxedo Mask was actually Motoki?
I love you, Usagi.
Oh, I'm so happy!
What's that?!
I am Jadeite!
Listen closely, Sailor Moon, Sailor Mercury and Sailor Mars!
Haneda Airport at 1 a.m. Tomorrow.
Come to runway F. But if you do not...
How dare he?!
That was just an illusion!
But if you do not show up, I will burn Tokyo to the ground!
I know Jadeite will burn Tokyo just like he warned us!
What shall we do now?
We should go! When evil challenges us, we have to accept!
But we would just be walking into a trap.
Even if that's true, we should still go!
What do you think, Usagi?
We should fight against evil, right?
We should think about it carefully, right, Usagi?
I don't want to go, because it's too scary!
As for the mysterious image that suddenly appeared in the sky last night,
the Metropolitan Police believe it to be a vicious prank
intended to scare the public by displaying strange images in the sky.
However, the threat to burn Tokyo to the ground cannot be ignored,
and plans are being made to assign police officers
to the vicinity of Haneda Airport tomorrow night.
Come on, let's go together.
Yeah, let's go! Come on, let's go together.
Yeah, let's go!
This is a problem.
If everyone goes there, they'll get caught in the crossfire.
That's true.
Maybe we shouldn't go after all!
Usagi!
I'm just kidding. Usagi!
I'm just kidding. Hey, Usagi, what do you think?
Hey, Usagi, what do you think?
It's got to be a practical joke.
It is not!
That was an alien!
It was an alien warning us corrupt humans on this Earth!
Oh, Umino! You've been reading too many third-rate science fiction comics!
Either way, it sounds fun!
Let's all get together tonight and go to Haneda!
Wait, everyone...
No, you will not!
Junior high school students are not allowed to go out so late at night!
That's right! Ms. Haruna's exactly right! You shouldn't go!
Why not?
Because it's dangerous.
Why is it dangerous? Because it's dangerous.
Why is it dangerous?
Well...
Miss Usagi, you know something, don't you? Well...
Miss Usagi, you know something, don't you?
I don't know anything!
Anyway, if you have time to go out at night for fun,
I think you should be at home studying!
Miss Tsukino!
You're suddenly sounding so serious...
Well, you don't have a fever.
Do you have any problems you want to talk about?
If you want, I'm here to listen.
Oh, you think it's weird for me to say something serious?!
That's mean. That's mean!
Crown
See? Isn't it horrible?
But I completely agree with your teacher.
Part of your charm is how you don't say normal, serious things.
If anything, I like girls with unique personalities.
Yippy!
He paid me a compliment!
Ouch!
Oh, I'm sorry.
Again?!
You hit me with your shoe again! Did you aim for me on purpose?
It's your fault for not paying attention to where you're walking.
Oh, yeah? You are so not cute.
Can't you talk more properly like a normal girl?
No, I can't!
Because someone told me that
he likes me better because I don't act normal!
That's stupid! Guys like that are just losers!
He's much more charming than you are!
Birds of a feather flock together. Every Jack has his Jill.
Dust goes in a dust bin!
A loser for dumpling head?
You're so mean. I can't do anything about you calling me names,
but how could you say bad things about Motoki?!
Hey, don't...
How dare he can make a girl cry? Hey, don't...
How dare he can make a girl cry?
How dare he can make a girl cry? Meanie! Meanie!
Meanie! Meanie!
I'm sorry. I have some urgent business to take care of.
Here, you can have your shoe back. Well, bye!
I have no business with you people, so you can sleep for a while!
Come on, sailor warriors!
Monorail Haneda Line
Monorail Haneda Line Usagi, you're a rabbit, why are you so slow?!
Monorail Haneda Line You're acting all bossy again!
Monorail Haneda Line Now is not the time to be fighting amongst ourselves! You're acting all bossy again!
Monorail Haneda Line Now is not the time to be fighting amongst ourselves!
Now is not the time to be fighting amongst ourselves!
Oh, no. Looks like it's not running anymore after all.
I guess we have to take a taxi.
What?!
What's going on? What?!
What's going on?
Looks like the enemy is inviting us in.
Just what I like to see!
Oh, wait! Just what I like to see!
Oh, wait!
The door!
I feel like we're walking further and further into the enemy's trap.
Wow, there are so many police officers.
It seems like nothing's happened yet.
We should stay alert.
The will to kill!
This can't be real!
Why are the police officers after us?!
This way! Hurry!
I hate this! I can't believe these Japanese police officers!
Wait for me!
It's strange! Something's wrong!
Okay!
Mercury Power Makeup!
Okay, me too then!
Mars Power Makeup!
What?! I'm the last one?!
Moon Prism Power Makeup!
This means...
They aren't real police officers! They're made of clay!
Now that I know that, I won't show them any mercy!
Fire
Soul!
I did it!
They're clay figures, just like you said.
Sailor Mars, you're great!
You could say that.
Sailor Moon, Sailor Mercury and Sailor Mars!
I saw who you are!
Oh, no! He found out!
The life of a flower is short and full of suffering.
Today will be the end of your lives as well!
They say beauty and good fortune seldom go hand in hand.
But I guess, I'm going to die young because I'm beautiful, too!
Just which part of you makes you beautiful?
Well, I think I'm at least prettier than you are!
Really?! Which parts? Which parts?
Of course, around here!
You're so funny! I think a monkey at Ueno Zoo is prettier than you are!
I can't believe you said that!
I told you already, this is not the time to be fighting amongst ourselves! I can't believe you said that!
I told you already, this is not the time to be fighting amongst ourselves!
Sorry!
We have a mission!
We can't die now!
Poor little lambs, you are all going to Hell.
No way!
We're going to get run over!
Run! We're going to get run over!
Run!
Oh! There's another one over here!
I can't believe this! Someone, help!
I need to use my Fire Soul!
You can't! Do you know how much a jet airplane costs?!
All your allowances put together
for the rest of your lives couldn't pay for one jet!
What?!
It costs that much?!
Then we have only one solution!
What?
Run! What?
Run!
What?!
No way! Getting run over by a car is one thing,
but I'd be too embarrassed to say I was run over by an airplane!
There is no more runway!
Oh, no!
This is it!
The jet stopped.
Are you having fun bullying these helpless girls?
You appear again, Tuxedo Mask.
I'll send you to Hell along with those three!
A villain who toys with innocent people. You will not get away with it.
Tuxedo Mask!
Die!
Tuxedo Mask!
Where's Tuxedo Mask?
Oh, no! What happened to him?!
Your trusty Tuxedo Mask is dead!
Cry and wail!
Can you do nothing without the help of a man?!
Women are such foolish creatures in the end!
Only old men think men are better than women these days!
That's right! Scorning women is positively feudalistic!
Down with sexual discrimination!
We must fight against Jadeite, the arrogant man!
Foolish girls! Behold my powers!
Oh, not again!
This way!
Don't let the jet distract you!
Our opponent is not the jet,
but the guy manipulating the jet, Jadeite!
Luna is right!
We have to work together!
And defeat Jadeite!
Since you understand that, you can keep running as the decoy!
What?! Why me?!
Bubble
Spray!
Oh, no! This isn't fair, you two!
Where are the other two?
I'm here!
I'll take care of you in the same way!
Begone, evil spirit
Begone, evil spirit Rin, Pyo, Tou, Sha, Kai, Jin, Retsu, Zai, Zen!
Begone, evil spirit
It's useless to run!
Die!
What is this?!
Why are they coming towards me?!
Don't underestimate girls!
We're not just crybabies, you know!
Why?! Why are my thoughts in chaos?!
Because you have evil thoughts.
You fell into your own trap! You're the fool!
Your countless evil deeds need to be stopped!
In the name of the moon, I will punish you!
Moon Tiara Action!
Queen Beryl...
Fool! So, you have the shame to come crawling back!
Queen Beryl, I have discovered the identity of the sailor warriors.
Excuses are unbecoming!
Sleep for eternity!
Queen Beryl!
Ah! How frightening...
Useless minions can only be tossed aside.
You will be the next strategic commander!
Jadeite was a fool. Leave matters to me.
Tuxedo Mask...
It's no use just staring out there.
It's sad, but we should get going.
No way, I can't do that!
Thank you for worrying about me!
Tuxedo Mask! You are alive!
I do not die so easily.
Tuxedo Mask, why do you always come to our rescue?
I know! It must be because he loves me!
Who in the world are you?
I cannot reveal my identity yet.
Sailor Moon, Sailor Mercury and Sailor Mars,
continue to value your friendship!
Good-bye.
In my dream, you and I were together
Protected by the stars
When we were friends, it didn't bother us
And we casually talked to each other
But there was a moment when I noticed only you
I want to become prettier right here and now
Something changes when you fall in love
I close my eyes and check to make sure
I want to convey the thrill I felt when we held each other
