It's not fair to control an innocent boy's mind against his will!
As long as the moon shines in the night sky,
I will not overlook any evil deed!
I'm the sailor warrior of love and justice!
In the name of the moon, Sailor Moon will punish you!
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams
My thoughts are about to short circuit, I want to see you right now
Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
Guided by the light of the moon
We will meet again and again
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
We were born in the same land, miracle romance
I believe in it, miracle romance
Hi, I'm Usagi Tsukino.
As you know, I am the sailor warrior of love and justice,
Sailor Moon!
At last, the fourth member of our group appeared!
She's sweet and she's strong.
Makoto Kino is Sailor Jupiter!
With all four sailor warriors together now,
it's like we're unbeatable now, you know?
Love For Ami?! A Boy Who Can Predicts The Future
There are a total of seven rainbow crystals.
If we do not collect them all,
we cannot obtain the legendary Silver Crystal.
I assume you are aware of this.
Yes, my lady.
Yes, we do have one in our possession,
but another was taken by this so-called Tuxedo Mask!
This is an appalling blunder.
I am terribly sorry.
Please do not worry, Queen Beryl.
He is certain to come after the other rainbow crystals.
If we attack him then,
we will surely take back the rainbow crystal from him.
Then, get a hold of the other five rainbow crystals
at once.
Search them out so we can revive our great ruler!
Safety + First
Safety + First Danger Overhead
Math
Miss Mizuno!
Pardon the inconvenience Miss Mizuno!
Pardon the inconvenience
Pardon the inconvenience Oh, Urawa. Good morning.
Good morning. Well...
What is it? Is something the matter?
Watch out!
Are you all right?! Are you injured?!
Juban Municipal Junior High School
It's the results of the midterm exam!
199 Tadao Matsumoto 608 points 200 Minori Kajimoto 605 points 201 Makoto Kino 601 points 202 Naomi Takeda 600 points 203 Usagi Tsukino 586 points 204 Masahiro Ando 585 points 205 Kazuo Komatsubara 580 points
199 Tadao Matsumoto 608 points 200 Minori Kajimoto 605 points 201 Makoto Kino 601 points 202 Naomi Takeda 600 points 203 Usagi Tsukino 586 points 204 Masahiro Ando 585 points 205 Kazuo Komatsubara 580 points Wow! My grade is up!
Oh, my mom's gonna get mad at me again.
Oh man, your grade is bad, Usagi. You should study more.
You, too, Mako!
199 Tadao Matsumoto 608 points 200 Minori Kajimoto 605 points 201 Makoto Kino 601 points 202 Naomi Takeda 600 points 203 Usagi Tsukino 586 points 204 Masahiro Ando 585 points 205 Kazuo Komatsubara 580 points You, too, Mako!
199 Tadao Matsumoto 608 points 200 Minori Kajimoto 605 points 201 Makoto Kino 601 points 202 Naomi Takeda 600 points 203 Usagi Tsukino 586 points 204 Masahiro Ando 585 points 205 Kazuo Komatsubara 580 points
Oh, this is depressing.
Who's this Ryo Urawa in the top spot?
Midterm Exam Results 1 Ryo Urawa 900 2 Ami Mizuno 899 3 Katsunori Sumizawa Who's this Ryo Urawa in the top spot?
Midterm Exam Results 1 Ryo Urawa 900 2 Ami Mizuno 899 3 Katsunori Sumizawa
Ami's ranked second?!
Wow, I guess there's always someone better.
Ami, you were so close!
I know. One more point would have gotten me a perfect grade,
but I guess I still don't study enough.
She lives in a completely different world than I do.
That kid who got a perfect score in every subject
is in the same class as you, isn't he?
Yes, he is! He just transferred to this school the other day!
Isn't it amazing how he did so well so quickly?!
Oh, Urawa!
Miss Mizuno...
Summer Mock Test Results Miss Ami Mizuno Ranked 1 in the Nation
You should relax a little more.
Good luck!
Summer Mock Test Results Miss Ami Mizuno Ranked 1 in the Nation
Summer Mock Test Results Miss Ami Mizuno Ranked 1 in the Nation Miss Mizuno...
Summer Mock Test Results/ Miss Ami Mizuno/ Ranked 1 In The Nation
So, you do like Ami!
That's from when Ami ranked number one in the nation, right?!
Have you had feelings for Ami since that long ago?
No...
I studied hard because my goal was to be like Miss Mizuno and that's why...
I see, but you surpassed your goal. Good going!
No, I'm not...
I just happened to be right about what would be on the tests.
Miss Mizuno is far more gifted than I am.
Here! Miss Mizuno is far more gifted than I am.
Okay! Miss Mizuno is far more gifted than I am.
Okay!
Besides, no matter how much I care for Miss Mizuno...
No, it's nothing.
Here! Oh! No, it's nothing.
I understand! Usagi will lend you a helping hand!
Just leave it to me!
Miss Tsukino!
You should be careful around water today.
What? Water?
There!
Shoot! It was too late.
Oh, I'm so sorry!
Mamoru, where shall we go next?
Oh, right...
I'm getting a better idea about my past, bit by bit,
but a lot of it is still unknown to me.
Do I have no choice, but to become Tuxedo Mask
and get a hold of the legendary Silver Crystal?
Mamoru!
Oh, sorry. What did you say?
Mamoru, you've been acting weird lately.
Did something happen?
No, it's nothing. Shall we go?
Okay! No, it's nothing. Shall we go?
Okay!
Parlor Bear
Here, open it!
Is this for me?
Yeah, yeah!
It's not great, but isn't it so much better than a newspaper clipping?
And she looks nice with that sort of silly look on her face.
The Crescent Moon Wand is responding! Could this boy be...
Thank you. I'll treasure this picture.
It's no problem at all.
So anyway, when are you going to tell Ami that you like her?
Well, when I learned that I would be transferring to this school,
I made up my mind.
That if I could do better in school than her, I'd tell her how I feel!
That means you can do it any day now, right?
Oh, but...
All right, when Ami gets out of cram school tonight,
Usagi will bring her to you!
So, be ready!
Excuse me...
Miss Usagi!
2 Ice Cream Sodas Parlor Bear
Miss Mizuno...
So, this boy is one of the great Seven Monsters,
who possesses a rainbow crystal.
OK Cram School
OK Cram School Hey, Usagi.
Hey, Usagi.
I've been meaning to say this for a long time now, but...
OK Cram School
OK Cram School What is it?
OK Cram School Really? What is it?
OK Cram School Really?
Really?
Ami!
Oh, Usagi, what are you doing here?
I want you to come with me for a bit.
Let's go, Ami!
Wait... Let's go, Ami!
Wait...
I've been waiting to see you, boy.
So, you're Zoisite?!
What?!
How do you know my name? Explain yourself.
Ever since I was a kid, I've had the power to predict the future.
And my power's been getting stronger these days.
Thanks to that, I've also figured out who I am.
An identity that I never wanted to know about.
Then that simplifies things.
Now, turn into one of the greatest monsters and kneel before me.
No!
I'd rather die
than become a pawn for the Devil!
Zoi!
Be a good boy and just surrender.
Hurry, hurry!
That's Zoisite!
Oh, no! Urawa's being attacked!
Both of you, transform now!
Moon Prism Power Makeup!
Mercury Power Makeup!
Stop right there!
Zoisite!
As long as the moon hangs in the night sky,
I will not overlook any evil deed!
I'm the sailor warrior of love and justice, Sailor Moon!
Likewise, Sailor Mercury!
We have arrived!
Are you planning to stop me?
Mercury, take Urawa somewhere safe.
Okay!
I don't have time to play with you.
Zoi!
Huh? What the?
I think we've come far enough that we'll be safe here.
Thank you for rescuing me, Miss Mizuno.
What?!
Why does he know my name?
Oh, how far did Mercury go?
Hey, Sailor Moon!
If you use the Crescent Moon Wand,
you'll be able to find both Urawa and Sailor Mercury.
They'll definitely be where it responds!
What are you saying?!
That's like saying Urawa is a rainbow crystal monster!
He is!
What?!
If you don't hurry, Sailor Mercury will be in danger.
Are you sure about this?
Positive!
Oh?
It's a picture of me.
It happened again.
It seems like you were having a bad dream.
It was not a dream. I was seeing what would happen in the future.
What?!
I have a strange power that allows me to predict the future.
That's why I was able to get perfect scores on those exams.
What are you talking about?
You don't need to hide it from me, Miss Mizuno.
I have idolized you for a long time now,
but we are fated to fight one another!
You don't believe me?
Well, I don't know.
Because everything you've said is completely off the mark.
And you're mistaking me for Miss Mizuno.
I see. If you say so, I will leave it at that, but...
But what?
If I turn into a monster,
please do not hesitate to kill me!
Because that, at least, seems to be real.
Urawa, the future is yours to create!
If you give up, everything will happen just as you think it will.
But as long as you have faith in yourself,
you should be able to create any future for yourself.
Miss Mizuno... No...
Sailor Mercury...
My, my, what an open display of affection.
Do you think you can get away from the Black Crystal?
Zoisite!
Oh, you're so protective.
But I wonder if you'll still do the same
when you see the boy's true form?
Urawa!
Look very carefully!
At the monster Bunbo, one of the great Seven monsters.
Go, monster Bunbo! Defeat that sailor warrior!
Urawa...
Bunbo!
Urawa...
The future is yours to create!
Bunbo!
This guy still has the heart of human!
Monster Bunbo, your opponent is the sailor warrior!
Now, get the rainbow crystal back from her!
Bunbo!
Zoisite!
It's not fair to control an innocent boy's mind against his will!
I think you're misunderstanding! That is the boy's true form!
Unforgivable! You'll never get away with it!
In the name of the moon, I will punish you!
Sailor Moon! Please turn Urawa back into himself first!
Okay!
Moon Healing Escalation!
Bunbo!
Why didn't he change back?!
It's no use, Sailor Moon!
He's completely being controlled by the evil power right now!
To restore him, you need to weaken his energy first!
We just have to do it, Sailor Moon!
If I turn into a monster, please do not hesitate to kill me!
Don't worry, Urawa.
We'll make sure to restore you to your old self.
Bunbo!
Bunbo!
Fire
Soul!
Supreme
Thunder!
We almost missed our chance to be in the spotlight.
No kidding.
Bubble
Spray!
Sailor Moon, now's our chance! Hurry! Please help Urawa!
Moon Tiara Action!
Bunbo!
The monster's powers have been weakened! Now, Sailor Moon!
Moon Healing Escalation!
Refresh!
Urawa!
Just you remember this!
Urawa, are you all right?
Miss Mizuno...
So, the third rainbow crystal has gone to the sailor warriors.
I will quietly take my leave for today.
You're transferring again? You sure don't settle down much.
Well, I have to go wherever my dad's work takes him.
So it can't be helped.
And we'd just gotten to be friends, too.
Um, Miss Mizuno...
Ryo, you can just call me, Ami.
Miss Ami, I want to return this to you.
Oh, shoot! Miss Ami, I want to return this to you.
Oh, shoot!
When I get a better score than you with my own abilities,
I'll come back for that picture.
Ryo...
I like that picture better, so take that with you.
Don't worry about grades. Come and see me anytime, Ryo.
During the day, the fragrance of flowers
During the night, the twinkle of the stars
It's a world no one knows about
With white shoes clicking
Cross the white moon bridge
And there lives a princess, dreaming of a sweet kiss
Offer a prayer to the moon
It will surely bring you happiness
Go round and round, the moon's merry-go-round
Make that serene dress made of glass flutter in the wind
She's always watching over us
Moon, moon princess
