Anime is being targeted now.
The shadow of evil is closing in
on the trendy members of the anime industry.
Anyone who tries to take advantage of youthful passion...
In the name of the moon, Sailor Moon will punish you!
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams
My thoughts are about to short circuit, I want to see you right now
Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
Guided by the light of the moon
We will meet again and again
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
We were born in the same land, miracle romance
I believe in it, miracle romance
I'm Usagi Tsukino. I don't look like a super heroine, but I am!
As you know, I transform myself by using a peculiar brooch
and fight against bad guys.
I'm the sailor warrior of love and justice, Sailor Moon!
And my friends are the smart and sweet Ami Mizuno,
and a slightly quick-tempered psychic girl, Rei Hino.
Both of them are so dependable, I feel like I'll fall behind.
But anyway, I just have to do my best!
Protect the Children's Dreams! Friendship Linked By Anime
Sailor V!
Sailor V
Sailor V A great theatrical anime masterpiece!
Sailor V Sailor V!
Big opening coming soon!
Sailor V is so lucky. She's getting turned into an anime.
I wish someone would make an anime about me.
If there's someone willing to make such a silly anime,
I'd have to see it to believe it.
I'm so depressed.
Did you understand what Director Asatou said?
Not at word! Because he talks in such abstract terms!
It's a little different from what I had in my mind.
How is it different?
Well, I don't really know how to say it, but...
For example, this posture of Sailor V's...
I just don't feel the love.
And the line of this leg is lacking a certain passion.
Are you basically saying we should make her look more sexy?
Don't be ridiculous! I'm a father!
I would never say such an indecent thing!
I just have no talent.
Maybe I should quit the anime industry.
What are you saying, Hiromi?!
I was only kidding! I won't give up so easily!
Good! That's the Hiromi I know!
All right, let's sprint to the studio!
Hey! Oh, wait. Wait!
Oh, wait. Wait!
Juban Bookstore Oh, wait. Wait!
Kazuko!
Excuse me!
What shall I do now?
Studio Dive 170 X-XO Asabu Juban, OX Ward, Tokyo
Studio Dive 170 X-XO Asabu Juban, OX Ward, Tokyo Studio Dive? Oh, it has the address.
Studio Dive? Oh, it has the address.
What shall I do? I have to go to cram school now.
I guess I'll return this later.
The stars know everything.
Tying a dream together in light and shadow,
time is spun and remains in the eye.
The next provider of energy that the Twins,
the constellation of Gemini, points to is her.
Castor and Pollux.
It seems the time has come for me to use my strongest monsters.
Seven Mart
Let's see, for Hiromi... Oh, right! She likes fried noodles.
It should be around here...
Masato Sanjoin... That was Nephrite!
It's no good.
I can't depict Sailor V's love and passion at all!
Oh, darn it!
Kazuko's drawn so much already.
Sailor V!
I didn't know Kazuko was this good! It's amazing!
Sailor V is so lively,
and her love and passion are depicted perfectly!
I have to try harder!
I guess I'll have to use this again.
Mommy, please buy this for me!
Thank you for coming to the XX Department Store.
Wow, pencils for pro animators.
It's a limited item.
We'll also be pro animators starting this spring.
Wouldn't it be nice to draw main characters with pencils like these?
Maybe we should buy these!
What?!
But, these are incredibly expensive!
That's why we'll buy one together! Excuse me!
And like this, we'll divide them into matching pencil boxes.
Here!
See? This way, we can both have half of them.
But these pencils are to commemorate us becoming pros this spring,
so we'll only use them for special occasions.
Yes.
Only when we draw the finest anime
that will never disappoint the dreams of children!
That's right!
We have to get each other's permission to untie that ribbon!
Okay?
Okay!
It's a promise!
It's a promise.
I made that promise, but...
I've already used quite a bit without telling Kazuko.
But I kind of get fired up when I use this.
Besides, I'm going to get left behind by Kazuko at this rate.
Who are you?!
Pardon me. You are Miss Hiromi Matsuno, correct?
I'm a fan of yours.
And I really wanted to see where you worked.
Excuse me...
You can't be here.
DIVE
Now, I just need to lure those sailor warriors here.
Nephrite! You're up to something again, aren't you?!
Sailor Mercury isn't going to let you have your way!
Well, you've saved me the trouble.
I've prepared my best monsters just for you guys.
Make sure to train yourself until the time comes to fight them!
What?!
Shoot...
Hiromi!
I bought us dinner!
Excuse me!
Yes?
I found this.
Thank you so much! This is very important to us.
Oh, Hiromi, you should thank her, too...
Hiromi!
Oh, I'm sorry. She has a lot of work piled up, so she seems a bit dazed.
That's all right.
Please come and see us again. That's all right.
Please come and see us again.
Of course, I'd love to!
I can't believe Hiromi.
What in the world did Nephrite do in here? I can't believe Hiromi.
What in the world did Nephrite do in here?
I have to find out, no matter what!
That isn't like you, Ami.
Trying to take on Nephrite by yourself!
I'm sorry.
That's right! I would've come right away, if you'd just called me!
I never expected to hear that coming from you, Usagi.
Well, it's the place where they're producing the Sailor V anime, right?!
If I got lucky, I might've gotten a cel from them!
She is such a groupie.
Okay. Then let's all go to Studio Dive after school.
After all, we have to find out why Nephrite was there.
Yes! Of course!
We can't just ignore it, since Nephrite showed up there!
Finished
Finished Hiromi, did you draw all those in just one night?
Hiromi, did you draw all those in just one night?
This is nothing.
Kazuko.
I'll be using this room by myself today.
That's fine, but...
Hiromi...
Sailor V Opening Soon Hiromi...
Sailor V Opening Soon
Kazuko will never be better than me again,
as long as I have this pencil.
An anime studio?
Anime is for kids, right? I have no interest in going there.
Then, you're not going?
Oh, no! It's so late already.
Honestly!
I'm sorry.
Well, it can't be helped.
Juban Municipal Junior High School Well, it can't be helped.
Juban Municipal Junior High School You're late!
You're late!
Kinchu!!
Rei!
What have you been doing all this time?!
Someone was kept behind to do some studying.
But earlier, you said you weren't interested...
Well, we can't just ignore it if Nephrite showed up there, right?!
That line sounds familiar.
Anyway, let's hurry!
What are you going to do with so many sheets of velum?
Juban Municipal Junior High School
Juban Municipal Junior High School Oh, no, my friends asked me to get autographs...
Juban Municipal Junior High School You're a liar! You want to get those autographs for yourself, don't you?!
You're a liar! You want to get those autographs for yourself, don't you?!
Rei, we're going to be in the 9th grade next year.
So?
Nothing, that's all I wanted to say.
Is she trying to pick a fight with me?
My! You seem quite composed.
You again.
I wonder, is your plan going well this time?
Everything is proceeding nicely.
Really? You seem extremely confident.
I shall see how well you do.
Wow! She's so cool!
So, this is Sailor V!
I'm sorry for really taking you up on your offer to visit. So, this is Sailor V!
I'm sorry for really taking you up on your offer to visit.
I'm sorry for really taking you up on your offer to visit. Hey, don't you think Sailor V looks like me?
It's okay, please make yourself at home. Hey, don't you think Sailor V looks like me?
It's okay, please make yourself at home. What?! Something must be wrong with your eyes!
There's something I'd like to ask you. What?! Something must be wrong with your eyes!
There's something I'd like to ask you. What did you say?! Take a good look at these legs!
Go right ahead, ask me anything. What did you say?! Take a good look at these legs!
Go right ahead, ask me anything.
Has anything unusual happened here recently?
Unusual?
She's so cool!
Shut up! She's so cool!
Shut up!
Hiromi...
Everyone is still working! Why don't you keep it down a little?!
Company Precept Due to the noise, keep private conversations under 10 seconds.
Company Precept Due to the noise, keep private conversations under 10 seconds. You're so loud, I can't stand it!
We're sorry!
Hiromi! How could you say that?!
They're here because they like our work!
Baloney! They just want autographs and cel art!
That's not what these girls have in mind!
Studio Chibili
Hello, this is Studio Dive. Yes. Please wait for a moment.
Anyway, don't let outsiders in here! Hello, this is Studio Dive. Yes. Please wait for a moment.
Miss Hiromi, it's from the director.
Hello?
Oh, Hiromi?
I just saw your work over here. They're just amazing!
Keep up the good work for the last scene, too!
This is perfect.
What?!
Director, in the last scene, Sailor V will be killed!
What?!
That's the kind of thrilling story that children want these days.
Hey, wait a second!
Hello?! Hello?!
Hello?! Hello?!
Hiromi, are you serious about what you just said?
I'm serious, Kazuko. The director asked me to do the last scene.
Hiromi, what's going on?
You know everyone has to work together to create an anime!
That's what you always used to say! Making anime is about teamwork!
I understand how you feel.
But it's just an anime. Teamwork is pointless!
Hiromi!
I feel the aura of a monster.
What?! I feel the aura of a monster.
What?!
This is a waste of time!
Hiromi, where are you going?!
Hiromi, what's wrong?! Hiromi, where are you going?!
Hiromi, what's wrong?!
Wait! Let me handle this!
Hiromi! Hiromi!
Miss Hiromi!
She's on the roof!
Hiromi!
Hiromi!
Kazuko,
you think I have no talent, don't you?
No...
You're so uppity, just because you have a little more talent than me!
But, I'll be better than you from now on!
As long as I have this pencil!
That pencil...
The energy level has peaked!
Go! Castor! Pollux!
Hiromi!
Everyone, transform!
Okay!
Moon Prism Power!
Mercury Power!
Mars Power!
Makeup!
The strongest monsters?
That's right. Those two monsters are like twins,
bound together by a strong friendship.
And that power is several levels greater than the sailor warriors!
Really?
They will meet their end today.
How dare you take advantage of anime, which nurtures children's dreams
and the passion of a young woman?!
The girls who like anime are mad!
In the name of the moon,
we will punish you!
We shall see
if you can beat us.
What?!
Behold!
We are bound
by a strong friendship!
In other words,
you cannot defeat us!
Go around and around...
How about this?!
Go around one more time... And how about this?!
Did you see, our teamwork?!
Oh, no...
How come they're using the same techniques as us?
I'll finish off you guys!
No! That's my job!
No, I will...
No! I will do it!
Back off!
No! You should back off!
This is the end of our friendship!
Just what I wanted!
Now! Their teamwork has broken down!
Okay! We'll show them what real teamwork is!
Yeah!
Fire
In the stormy city
Bubble In the stormy city
Bubble A mysterious enemy closes in
A mysterious enemy closes in
Moon Tiara A mysterious enemy closes in
Moon Tiara Temptation, trickery, betrayal
Temptation, trickery, betrayal
Soul! Temptation, trickery, betrayal
Their evil reaches out in search of prey
Spray! Their evil reaches out in search of prey
Action! Their evil reaches out in search of prey
Their evil reaches out in search of prey
Ooh, ooh
They're dreamy pretty boys
Oh, no! They're dreamy pretty boys
They're dreamy pretty boys
So, what about it?
This is no time to hesitate
We should have valued This is no time to hesitate
our friendship more! This is no time to hesitate
our friendship more!
Moon Prism Power Makeup!
We did it!
We did it! The sailor warriors of love and justice
The sailor warriors of love and justice
Impossible! The sailor warriors of love and justice
Impossible! Will punish you in the name of the moon
Will punish you in the name of the moon
I enjoyed the show. Will punish you in the name of the moon
Will punish you in the name of the moon
We're in a bad mood today
Those sailor warriors are better than I had thought! We're in a bad mood today
We're in a bad mood today
Come on. Cheer up, Hiromi! We're scary if you get too close
Kazuko, the truth is, those pencils... We're scary if you get too close
Kazuko, the truth is, those pencils...
Kazuko, the truth is, those pencils... If all our hearts
Come together, love will win
Hiromi, there's something I've been hiding from you. Come together, love will win
Hiromi, there's something I've been hiding from you. Bubble Spray
What?! Begone, evil spirit
Here.
Here. Moon Tiara Action
Moon Tiara Action
That's your... Moon Tiara Action
Moon Tiara Action
Oh! If you make fun of girls
I'm sorry for breaking our promise. If you make fun of girls
I was frustrated because you always did such a great job, We won't forgive you
I was frustrated because you always did such a great job,
so I used these to motivate myself.
You, too?
I felt like I would get left behind, if I didn't do anything about it.
But that's how I felt!
Say, Hiromi...
I think in the end, it wasn't wrong of us to use these pencils.
Because everything we create should be anime
that doesn't disappoint the children's dreams!
Kazuko. You're right!
Then let's make a promise!
Then let's make a promise! If you make fun of girls
Let us continue to work hard, If you make fun of girls
We won't forgive you
so we never disappoint the children's dreams!
Looks like the finished Sailor V anime will be something to look forward to!
Yeah!
It's a promise?
It's a promise.
In my dream, you and I were together
Protected by the stars
When we were friends, it didn't bother us
And we casually talked to each other
But there was a moment when I noticed only you
I want to become prettier right here and now
Something changes when you fall in love
I close my eyes and check to make sure
I want to convey the thrill I felt when we held each other
