Everyone, thank you for giving me courage.
Evil beings, in the name of the moon,
Princess Serenity will seal you away!
Gomen ne sunao ja nakute yume no naka nara ieru
Shikou kairo wa short sunzen ima sugu aitai yo
Nakitakunaru you na moonlight denwa mo dekinai midnight
Datte junjou dou shiyou heart wa mangekyou
Tsuki no hikari ni michibikare
Nando mo meguriau
Seiza no matataki kazoe uranau koi no yukue
Onaji kuni ni umareta no miracle romance
Shinjite iru no miracle romance
So, this is the Dark Kingdom's stronghold.
Ami, Rei, Mako, Minako...
I'll do my best to the very end!
Usagi's Everlasting Wish! A New Reincarnation
So, little girl, you have come. I will show you what Hell is.
I praise you for a job well done.
Queen Beryl.
Yes, I am Queen Beryl.
Endymion, kill the princess!
As you wish.
Moon Healing Escalation!
You are wasting your time.
You are still not a full-fledged princess.
Even if you use the Silver Crystal,
you will not be able to remove Queen Metalia's
dark energy from Endymion's body.
Stop wasting your time and quietly hand me the Silver Crystal.
Sailor Moon.
Die.
Mamoru...
Dumpling Head.
Mamoru...
Soon, the sun will be covered entirely by sunspots
and Queen Metalia will be revived.
That is enough, Endymion.
Cut off the princess's head!
It's no use!
Soon, Queen Metalia will be revived.
When she fills this world with her dark energy
by using the Silver Crystal,
she is certain to utilize its power to the maximum.
Everything you have been doing will have been meaningless!
Endymion has dark energy within him.
You will not be able to defeat him so easily.
Stop...
Sailor Moon!
Stop...
Die!
Please stop!
Please remember.
I am Serenity.
In the distant past, we swore to love one another.
I am Serenity of the Moon Kingdom.
Anyone who opposes the Dark Kingdom must die!
You are just being corrupted by the bad energy.
Please regain your gentle heart...
I don't want to. I don't want to fight you!
So, please.
What?!
Who am I?
I can't remember anything! Am I all alone?!
No, you're not.
You have me.
What?
Don't worry. You're not alone.
Mamoru!
Usagi...
Thank you.
Mamoru...
I'm so glad!
I will not forgive you, Princess!
Trying to steal Endymion from me again!
I will not forgive you!
Mamoru!
Endymion, why do you protect that girl?!
If you had married me,
you could have been the king of all the worlds!
Impossible!
Mamoru, hang on!
How can something like this defeat me?
Energy?!
Is Endymion's love for that girl destroying my body?!
I won't accept it! I will never accept it...
Mamoru! Mamoru!
Hurry, leave this place!
What?
And go back to being an ordinary girl,
and find a cool boyfriend or something.
You're the coolest, Mamoru.
Mamoru...
Mamoru!!
Queen Metalia, please lend me your power.
Please give me the power to defeat that hateful girl!
Very well.
The time has come to bestow hatred and suffering
to all living creatures in this universe.
Queen Beryl, kill everything and everyone
and turn the world pitch-black!
I'm sorry.
I can't kiss you.
Rei, Ami, Mako, and Minako... They all died
before they could even kiss the boy they loved.
So, I can't find happiness just by myself.
I'm sorry, Mamoru.
I'm not going to run away.
There are still things I have to do.
Watch me. I'll do my best.
I have finally obtained the energy of darkness.
I will rule this world!
So, you have come, Princess.
This time, you will die.
Princess!
Die!
Jubancho Shopping District
It's the end. The end of the world has come!
Queen Metalia's dark energy has been released!
Wait, Luna!
Out of my way! I'm going to D-Point!
It's useless! There's nothing we can do now!
I know all that!
But, at this rate, Usagi will...
She'll unleash the power of the Silver Crystal!
Then Usagi will die, just like Queen Serenity!
I know! But there's no other way to save the world now.
Don't do it Usagi!
Don't unleash the power of the Silver Crystal!
If you do, Usagi, you're going to die!
Moon Healing
Escalation!
I'm sorry I'm not straightforward, I can say it in my dreams
My thoughts are about to short circuit, I want to see you right now
Why?! Why you go to such lengths to defy me?! My thoughts are about to short circuit, I want to see you right now
Why?! Why you go to such lengths to defy me?! Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
You dream of a beautiful future, Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
but you are sure to eventually realize Moonlight that makes me want to cry, midnight that keeps me from calling
but you are sure to eventually realize Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
that this world is already ugly and filthy! Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
No! I have faith! Because I'm so innocent, what should I do? The heart is a kaleidoscope
No! I have faith!
No! I have faith! Guided by the light of the moon
In love? Friendship? Or, in the trust between people? Guided by the light of the moon
We will meet again and again
I have faith. We will meet again and again
I have faith in this world that everyone tried to protect! We will meet again and again
Fool! There is nothing left to believe in this rotten world! I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
We were born in the same land, miracle romance
Together once again, weekend, God, grant us a happy end
Please! Please, Silver Crystal... Together once again, weekend, God, grant us a happy end
Together once again, weekend, God, grant us a happy end
Past, present, and future, I'm crazy for you
Make me believe even more in the world Past, present, and future, I'm crazy for you
that everyone had faith in! Past, present, and future, I'm crazy for you
The fond memories of when we met
You shouldn't talk so casually about love. The fond memories of when we met
The fond memories of when we met
Hikawa Shrine The fond memories of when we met
Hikawa Shrine Don't get the wrong idea! The fond memories of when we met
Hikawa Shrine Don't get the wrong idea! I'll never forget your gaze
Hikawa Shrine I don't care for Yuichiro like that. I'll never forget your gaze
I don't care for Yuichiro like that. I'll never forget your gaze
I'll never forget your gaze
So what if he already has a girlfriend? I'll never forget your gaze
So what if he already has a girlfriend? From among the thousands of stars, I can find you
We just have to go for it! From among the thousands of stars, I can find you
From among the thousands of stars, I can find you
As long as they're happy, that's all that matters. From among the thousands of stars, I can find you
That's all that matters. From among the thousands of stars, I can find you
That's all that matters. You even turn coincidences into chance, I love that way of life
You even turn coincidences into chance, I love that way of life
Everyone... You even turn coincidences into chance, I love that way of life
Now that I have obtained the energy of darkness, You even turn coincidences into chance, I love that way of life
Now that I have obtained the energy of darkness,
I will not be sealed away by the Silver Crystal!
Everyone, lend me your strength...
Please!
Coming across a strange miracle
We will meet again and again
Mercury Power!
Mercury Power! I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
Mars Power! I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
Jupiter Power! I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
Venus Power! I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
Moon Prism Power! I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love
Moon Prism Power! We were born in the same land, miracle romance
We were born in the same land, miracle romance
I believe in it, miracle romance
What is this?! I believe in it, miracle romance
I believe in it, miracle romance
Everyone, thank you.
When I wake up in the morning,
a pure white curtain of lace is rustling in the breeze.
The cuckoo clock in the room says it's 7 o'clock
and Mom's voice says, You'll be late if you don't get up!
I'm still half asleep,
and I think, Please let me sleep for 3 more minutes.
I'm late for school every single day like clockwork,
my teacher makes me stand out in the hallway,
and I get failing grades on my tests.
The crepes we'd all eat on the way home.
We'd gaze dreamily at a party dress in a show window.
The little things bring such joy and I'm happy.
I wish...
I wish I could go back to that kind of normal life.
I want to go back.
I'm late!
I'm leaving!
It's a miracle.
Not only did the sunspots disappear,
but everyone was also transmigrated.
In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
But I feel a little sad for them. In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
Hikawa Shrine But I feel a little sad for them. In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
Hikawa Shrine They've even completely lost their memories In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
They've even completely lost their memories In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
of when they were friends. In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
Don't worry. In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
What? In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
They just need to meet each other again. In the moonlight, I look up at the sky and I think of you
They just need to meet each other again.
I close my eyes and I whisper your name
You're right. I close my eyes and I whisper your name
Juban Municipal Middle School I close my eyes and I whisper your name
National Mock Exam Results 1. Ami Mizuno 2. Rika Kazuya 3. Hiroshi Yoshida 6. Hitoshi Koyama 7. Kazutoshi Itou 8. Fumie Hisamatsu I close my eyes and I whisper your name
I close my eyes and I whisper your name
Jubancho Shopping District I close my eyes and I whisper your name
Jubancho Shopping District Oh, I wish I had studied more. I close my eyes and I whisper your name
Jubancho Shopping District Oh, I wish I had studied more.
Jubancho Shopping District Oh, I wish I had studied more. My tears are like the rippling waves of a crystal
Jubancho Shopping District My tears are like the rippling waves of a crystal
Darn it! I'll get rid of it! My tears are like the rippling waves of a crystal
My tears are like the rippling waves of a crystal
That hurt, dumpling head. My tears are like the rippling waves of a crystal
Thirty points?!
Thirty points?! The Ioneliness fills my heart
The Ioneliness fills my heart
Study harder, dumpling head. The Ioneliness fills my heart
Well, excuse you! The Ioneliness fills my heart
The Ioneliness fills my heart
No matter how far apart we are separated, my love
It's none of his business! No matter how far apart we are separated, my love
No matter how far apart we are separated, my love
What a silly girl. No matter how far apart we are separated, my love
No matter how far apart we are separated, my love
Hey, wasn't that guy sort of cool looking? No matter how far apart we are separated, my love
Hey, wasn't that guy sort of cool looking? Our hearts can now shine as one
How can you say that?! He was so obnoxious! Our hearts can now shine as one
Oh, so you say now. Our hearts can now shine as one
You never know. It might have been a fated encounter. You're just my love
Gag! Stop it! I have my own dream! You're just my love
Gag! Stop it! I have my own dream!
Dream?
That's right!
That I'll find a cool boyfriend who'll protect me no matter what!
That's my dream!
Hiru ni wa hana no kaori
Yoru ni wa hoshi no matataki
Soko wa daremo shiranai sekai nano
Shiroi kutsu o narashite
Shiroi tsuki no hashi watatte
Amai kisu no yume o miteru ohimesama ga sunde iru no
Inori o sasagete moon
Kitto shiawase ni shitekureru
Maware maware tsuki no merry-go-round
Suzushige na glass no dress hirugaeshite
Itsudatte mimamotte iru wa
Moon moon princess
