Yuuichi!
Sorry! Were you waiting long?
Don't worry. I just got here.
You look as lovely as ever today, Aya.
Oh. Thank you.
It's a new dress.
Well, let's go!
This is how a typical man and woman go on a date.
And, on the other hand, you have...
This is how a non-typical, science-type man and woman go on a date.
You are 0.36 seconds late, Himuro.
That's just your opinion, Yukimura-kun.
The exact boundaries of our meeting place, in front of the Hachisuke statue,
were not clearly defined.
I can see that your impudence, at least, is first-class as always today.
Why, thank you.
Plan for Date with Yukimura
Itinerary
Meet in front of the Hachisuke statue at Higashiyono Station. Proceed toward the Yono shopping district. Approx. 3 min 15 sec
Now then.
According to the date plan we optimized yesterday...
After walking 3 minutes and 15 seconds from here
we shop for 37 minutes and 28 seconds. Correct?
Where should we go?
Let's see...
Let us begin our date!
Yes.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
What's going on...?
A hospital director going on rounds?
Stop!
Proof 4 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Going on a Date.
Oh, Kanade-chan. What's wrong?
Your duties here only include observation and recording.
Do not intervene in the date!
It's not like I particularly want to interfere with your date, you know.
But there are just too many things to call you out on.
Call us out?
Plan for Date with Yukimura
Itinerary
Meet in front of the Hachisuke statue at Higashiyono Station Proceed toward the Yono shopping district. Approx. 3 min 15 sec
We are executing the date according to the optimized plan we created yesterday.
Then, let me say just one thing.
Why are you wearing lab coats on a date?
We're going to go buy clothes! Clothes!
minutes later.
What happened to Himuro and Kanade?
They're not back yet?
Doesn't seem like it. They're taking forever.
We can only stay here another 25 minutes and 08 seconds.
At this rate, it will negatively impact the next item on the schedule.
Should we rework the schedule?
We put in all that work to prepare it.
minutes earlier.
hours
Date Experiment Protocol
Himuro Ayame Yukimura Shinya
Itinerary
Begin Date
Begin Shopping Date
Begin Lunch Date
Begin Movie Appreciation Date
Begin Amusement Park Date
Right.
That should do it for the date plan.
Heart Rate Monitor (With Blood Pressure Monitor)
The heart rate and blood pressure monitor can be worn on the wrist.
Sticker-type Thermometer (Connects with Smartphones)
For body temperature, we'll use a sticker-type thermometer with smartphone connectivity.
Good.
With those, we will be able to measure our vitals while on the date.
Data on your vitals might be good for reference,
but it's not going to give you a decisive finishing blow.
Argh! Dang it!
It'd be nice if you could collect some other kind of data, too.
True.
Okay! Yeah! Yeah!
Simply running would cause heart rate to increase.
Just a little more and I'd have had her!
To put it in extreme terms, all you can understand from it is that you're excited.
That's true. Being in love is more complicated than that, isn't it?
What's this, Kanade? Speaking from experience?
N-No! It's not like that!
But, how can I put it... It's...
It's sort of...
The person makes your heart skip a beat,
makes you happy,
makes you feel at ease,
and maybe a little uncertain.
You want to snuggle close a little.
You're filled with so many different emotions...
A date with the person you love goes something like that, right?
I see.
Number of times the other person makes your heart skip.
Times the other person makes your heart skip.
Times you feel happy.
Number of times you feel happy.
Times you feel at ease.
Number of times you feel at ease.
Number of times you feel a little uncertain.
Times you feel a little uncertain.
Number of times you want to snuggle close a little.
Times you want to snuggle close a little.
Measuring Emotions Counter
Let's count each of those feelings and keep a record.
That makes sense.
Oh. That's that thing.
The thing part-timers use for measuring traffic flow.
Wait.
A counting app on our smartphones would serve as a simple substitute, wouldn't it?
That's a good idea.
Emotion Counter
Times you feel happy.
Times the other person makes your heart skip.
Times you want to snuggle close a little.
Times you feel a little uncertain.
Hmm... Would this count under feeling a little uncertain?
Yukimura-kun, sorry to keep you waiting.
What took so long? You do realize we are only here for 37 minutes and
I didn't know what date clothes are, so I had a hard time deciding.
Yes.
What... do you think?
Well, I suppose it's all right.
Times you find yourself captivated +1
Times the other person makes your heart skip +1
At 10 minutes 36 seconds,
Yukimura observed Himuro in her date outfit and hit the counter repeatedly.
Something like that should work for the record, Kanade-chan.
Okay.
I-It's not like that!
I wasn't
When you go look at the data later, it's gonna be totally obvious anyway, you know.
Times you feel happy +1
Times your heart starts racing +1
Times you feel happy +1
Times you're having so much fun you can't stand it +1
Times your heart starts racing +1
Times you feel happy +1
Times you're having so much fun you can't stand it +1
Times you feel happy +1
Times your heart starts racing +1
Times you're having so much fun you can't stand it +1
Times your heart starts racing +1
Times you feel happy +1
Times you're having so much fun you can't stand it +1
Times you feel happy +1
Times your heart starts racing +1
Times you're having so much fun you can't stand it +1
In any case, we are running out of time.
We will proceed with the experiment without delay.
Times your heart starts racing +1
Times your heart starts racing +1
W-We don't have time to do everything.
N-No, we don't.
Experiment Procedure
While choosing clothing, the female asks the male Which do you think is better?
Then what about, While choosing clothing,
the female asks the male,'Which do you think is better?'
Shall we try that one?
I have no issue with that.
Between this and the last pair, which shoes do you think are better, Yukimura-kun?
Times you find yourself captivated +1
Well, let's see...
Times your eyes stray to her legs +1
By which standard do you mean better?
Function, fashion, cost, color engineering... There are many different standards.
No one's talking about anything that precise here!
Cost
Yukimura-kun's inherent preferences
Fashion
Functionality
Fig 1.1hhhhhhhhhChart shows the degree of relative priority hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhin standards for choosing hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhbetween shoes a, b.
In terms of relative priority, I suppose it would be something like this.
It's gotten even more detailed!
Shoe a
Shoe b
Evaluation Index
The higher the value, the better the shoe.
Then we will use those relative priorities,
and express the goodness of the shoes as evaluation index E (x) .
Evaluation Index of Shoe x
With the relative priorities as the base,
E (x) would be defined like this.
Functionality index of Shoe x
The functionality index of shoe times 0.4,
Fashion index of Shoe x
plus the fashion index of shoe times 0.25,
Yukimura-kun's preference towards Shoe x
plus my preference toward the shoe times 0.2, plus the cost index times 0.15.
Cost index of Shoe x
The greater the resulting numerical value, the better the shoe.
I see.
Well then, let's get to it.
Yukimura-kun, which do you feel an instinctive preference for?
Hmm... I'd say b.
Yukimura-kun's preference towards Shoe a
Yukimura-kun's preference towards Shoe b
Then, your preference index towards A is 0, and B is 100.
For the cost index, we can use the inverse of the price as the base.
Times you're having so much fun you can't stand it +1
And if we compare the evaluation indexes of shoes a and b like this...
Times you're having so much fun you can't stand it +1
All that's left is how to determine the functionality index and fashion index.
If we conducted a survey on the street, it would increase our objectivity, wouldn't it?
When you consider the credibility of the data,
Seriously? Will I really have to keep recording this inane data forever?
statistically speaking, we'd want the answers of at least 385 people.
Evaluation Index
Evaluation index!
Why do I have to explain something this stupid, bear?
In short, you take stuff like functionality and fashion power and combine them together,
Functionality Index 65 Points
Fashion Index 12 Points
and show how amazing the shoe is out of 100. That's it, bear.
Bear Preference Index 45 Points
Where you need to be careful is the cost index, bear.
Cost Index 2,340 Yen
Shoe prices can be all over the place, bear.
There wouldn't be any stupid humans thinking they can just use the price as is, right, bear?
You have to perform something called normalization
Normalization hammer
and make sure the price's inexpensiveness is expressed as something out of 100 points, bear.
Functionality Index 65 Points
Fashion Index 12 Points
Bear Preference Index 45 Points
Cost Index 73 Points
This is very similar to the famous deviation value thing, bear.
There are a bunch of different ways to normalize, bear.
If you want to know more, go study, bear.
Hey, where should we go next?
Hmm... Let's see...
Ack!
Yuuichi?
Who is that woman?
What?
Uh... Well... It's, um...
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
The female tells the male to say ah hand proceeds to feed him.
The male says let's go, takes the female's hand smartly, hhand they continue walking in that manner, hhhhholding hands.
Yukimura-kun, say ah.
How is it? Good?
Yes. I have no issues with it.
11:13 AM. After the ah, Yukimura begins to sweat a little while chewing.
A smartphone app's fine,
but what're you going do about recording the details of the events?
Since I'm the one who proposed it, I'll take responsibility and do it myself.
Kanade, doing it alone's going to be a lot of work, you know.
Torasuke. You're going, too.
You know, I'd really love to go,
but I've got plans to go on a date with Aika.
You will go.
Torasuke.
Blast it!
Why can't I ever oppose that pipsqueak female's orders?
Childhood Friends.
Is it imprinting from when we were kids?
Yay! Yay!
Well, now that I'm here, there's no use thinking about it anymore.
As a man who lives on love, I've gotta watch over my senpai on their path of love!
The male says let's go, takes the female's hand hsmartly, and they continue walking in that manner, hholding hands.
The next experiment is...
This one, huh?
Show us what a man you are, Yukimura-senpai!
Heart rate and body temperature rising.
Hands shaking terribly.
The ah earlier has had a tremendous effect...
A-And next, we're supposed to hold hands?
Yukimura-senpai, this is a really important flag showing the story splits here!
Take her hand.
Take her hand.
Don't take her hand.
Don't take her hand.
A problem has arisen, so we will suspend the next experiment.
Let's go.
He chickened out!
Yukimura-senpai! That choice will...
Take her hand.
Don't take her hand.
I see. I suppose it can't be helped.
This should be exact change. Please take care of the check.
I'll go ahead and get in line for the bus.
Yes. That would be very efficient.
Ten minutes into the date, it came out you were two-timing, so you got dumped?
That's crazy!
Yuuichi-kun, that's seriously lame.
Shut up already. How're you supposed to prevent a coincidence like that?
Just watch. I'll land me another one soon enough.
Go on! Do it!
Let's see. Who should I target?
Whoa! That's one fine woman.
There's no way. She's gotta have a man, I'm telling you.
High degree of difficulty,
but that uptight-looking type usually gives in to a gentle push.
It's a go.
Why am I so irritated, I wonder.
For now, I'll just record it.
Times I felt uncertain +1
Times I felt irritated +1
Miss.
You alone? Would you like to have tea with me?
I'm sorry. I'm in a hurry.
Then it'll only take a sec.
If you'll excuse me.
All I'm asking is 10 minutes.
All right.
Reasons I Won't hhhHave Tea With You
I will explain why I will not have tea with you in a way that will be easily understood.
Assessment of Primary Factors in Not Going To Tea With You
Distrust of You, hhhhhPersonally
Risk Associated with Lowbrow Manner of Approach
Current State hhof Urgency
Instinctive Dislike
High-pressure Cold Calling Door-to-door Soliciting
All Plans Currently in Progress
Split generally, the reasons fall into three categories.
54 of the primary factors fall under my current state of urgency, however,
here, I will detail the distrust I have of you, personally.
Detailed Analysis of My Distrust of You, Personally
Failure to consider the feelings of others
Persistent solicitation in spite of rejection over n times
Acquiescence to pick-up lines
Regardless of my rejection of you,
you persist in your solicitation, which, amongst other things,
renders your striking lack of appeal as a human being quite obvious.
Also, it is possible that you are in violation of the
I've tried to pick up a lot of girls in my time,
Minor Offenses Act and anti-nuisance ordinances.
but this is the first time I've ever been rejected this way.
You could even be called a de facto standard of pick-up line artists.
I'm not exactly sure why, but... I'm sorry.
Would ya look at that?!
So lame!
Shut up! It's not over yet!
That's the end of my explanation. If you understand, then hurry and
You've got it all wrong! My motives are pure!
What...?
Seriously. It was love at first sight! The second I saw you, I fell in love!
Hey.
Huh?
Do not touch that woman.
You subgenus of chimpanzees.
Let's go.
Times you thought you chickened out earlier, and now this! +1
Times you thought what took you so long? +1
Times you wanted to cry +1
Times you were scared +1
Times you thought it took you long enough to take my hand. +1
Times you felt relieved +1
It took you long enough!
Sorry.
Hold on.
Who're you? You her boyfriend or something?
No, I'm not.
Then this has nothing to do with you, does it?
Stop getting in the way of other people's love.
I see.
You love this woman?
In that case, I have a question.
Upon what basis did you determine you were in love?
Huh?
What is it you love? What emotion led you to make that determination?
What reason can you provide as objective proof?
You don't need a reason to fall in love!
Of course you need a reason!
Never base decisions on supposition!
Her good points and bad points. The varied evidence which makes me find her desirable.
The measurement of my heart rate,
body temperature, and other vitals when we are together!
I have assembled all of this data and even I am unable to prove that I love her!
The likes of you could never so casually declare your love for her!
We have no time to waste on animals who have cast aside reason.
Let's go.
Animals?
What have I done? I was far too emotional.
Times you thought her estimation of you fell +1
I'm sure that Himuro must think less of me now.
Times you thought he was super cool +1
I can't take it! He's just so cool!
What's with those two?
Seriously. Those guys are crazy.
But, we kinda respect them for it. That's what you call science-types.
What is with you people?
That's right! This is an amusement park!
It's crawling with legions of IRL-ers!
It's the perfect place to close out a date! A land of dreams!
This'll close the distance between them big time, no prob, for certain!
Kosuke-kun, you see that and you can really still think that way?
One revolution takes about 20 seconds?
When I used my watch to measure, it took 24 seconds.
Which means that the angular velocity would be about W=/6.
And the distance traveled in one revolution of the merry-go-round would be about 22 meters.
The value of mrW squared would be...
Getting closer...
You think it's possible?
Nope.
Experiment 4.2.3
Roller Coaster Date
Listen closely, Yukimura-kun.
When a roller coaster wants to travel around a loop with a radius r,
from a physics perspective,
as long as it takes off from a point 5/2r in height, everything's fine.
Won't Fall
That's only if you don't take friction and air resistance into account!
Velocity
Wind Resistance
Friction
In practical application, you require a greater height than that!
My, my. Are you that scared?
N-No.
I was just verifying the soundness of the safety of this is all.
Then... should we hold hands?
If we hold hands, then our mass, m, becomes the combined mass of two people.
Times you wanted to hold hands +1
Which means that the centrifugal force of mrW squared would increase...
That's true. Our chances of falling from the loop would decrease.
Times you wanted to hold hands +1
Nice effort...
Himuro!
Thinking about it rationally, holding hands wouldn't change the combined mass!
I was flustered, too, you know.
And you sounded convinced, Yukimura-kun.
Also, not that it matters, but why did you suddenly switch back to wearing lab coats?
You're right.
We put them on without thinking...
Are they shape memory lab coats or something?
Experiment 4.2.7
Haunted House Date
Incidentally, Yukimura-kun, do you believe in ghosts and things?
A foolish question.
Most supernatural phenomena can be explained scientifically.
Plasma emitting electromagnetic radiation.
Pareidolia, the phenomena of seeing three dots as a face...
Even experiments to artificially create ghosts for detection have succeeded.
True.
However...
It isn't as though science has explained everything in the universe.
With so much as yet unknown, if things like spirits really did exist,
it wouldn't be so strange, would it?
I take your point.
Even now, this world overflows with mysteries to be solved.
That's what you're saying.
Excuse me. Please move forward already.
Experiment 4.2.817
Other Stuff!
Go!
Experiment 4.2.18
Ferris Wheel Date
Finally made it to the Ferris wheel, huh?
Looks like we might just be able to complete the whole plan.
Let's see... The experiment here is...
On a Ferris wheel painted by rays of the setting sun, the two are enveloped by a romantic mood and are called to act
According to Ibarada, Inukai, et al (2016), the Ferris wheel on an amusement park date In terms of time, the ideal would be sunset or a time when a night view can be observed,
On a Ferris wheel painted by rays of the setting sun,
the two are enveloped by a romantic mood and are called to act.
Kosuke-kun, what is this?
It means the two happily join as one.
How does that fall under stuff that happens on a date?
Huh? Aren't Ferris wheels places where stuff like this and you-know-what happen?
It's been like that on the dates I've been on.
But still, I mean...
See? Doesn't it look like they're holding each other?
And the Ferris wheel is creaking and stuff.
You're kidding!
Called to act? What does that mean, I wonder?
Kosuke must have mistyped it.
There must have been a word he missed indicating the type of behavior.
I understand.
Incidentally, Yukimura-kun...
are you scared?
What are you saying, Himuro?
Given everything, it seems you're a bit of a scaredy cat.
You're the one who grabbed on to me, Himuro.
It's easier to read the itinerary this way.
Yeah. There's no way, is there?
I mean, given it's those two,
I'm not even sure they could manage a romantic mood in the first place.
As long as this all ends well, then...
Is this...?
To put it plainly, it is something which can be defined as a present.
Th-Thank you.
Open it.
I bought it while you and Kanade were off buying clothes.
Of the things I thought might suit you...
H(x) = First Impression index x 0.5 + Shape index x 0.2 + Color index x 0.16
I selected 17 items and defined the Agrees with Himuro index as H(x).
The item with the highest numerical result is that one.
I don't believe something like that will be sufficient,
but it's thanks for today.
As you can see from this,
I intended, under the guidance of romance expert Kosuke,
to develop the perfect plan, but...
Well, how can I put it...
I have no experience with this.
It's possible that I haven't even met the base conditions of a date.
If... you are not satisfied with the results, Himuro...
then... I apologize.
True.
I'm not sure we met the base conditions of a date.
However...
what we believe in is numbers, isn't it?
Here.
This is the number of times I was happy and the number of times I had fun today.
Times I was happy + Times I had fun
In total, 1925 times.
It's an exponential increase.
And even now, in this moment, too.
Without something to compare those numbers to,
there's no way to tell if they're high or low.
In that case, these sample numbers...
We'll need to get more, right?
The experiment is done. We're pulling out.
Gotcha.
You must be tired. Good work.
Um, was it romantic, like it was supposed to be in the plan?
That's a secret.
Next Time
Proof 5 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Holding a Meeting.
Next time, proof 5!
Science-types Fell in Love, so They Tried Holding a Meeting.
