Wah! I'm late! I'm late!
Oh, honestly! Over-sleeping because my alarm clock broke!
It's still morning, and nothing has gone right!
With all this, if I don't run into my soulmate when I turn that corner...
Nothing else can make up for it!
Ow...
Huh?
Apologies. Are you all right?
An intelligent, cool guy...
Is this...? Could it be? Could it be?
Destiny...?
Oh! Why did the jam side, of all things, have to land on my uniform?
I've been so unlucky! Super disastrous! What is this, a curse?
That would be incorrect.
Have you heard of Murphy's Law?
Things like, Why, when you drop a piece of toast, does it land jam-side down?
Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong. It is a law in a humorous sense.
However, an English researcher named Robert Matthews offered this counter-argument.
He said that if you drop a piece of toast from a table approximately one meter in height,
Jam
Toast
the chances of the toast landing jam-side down are high.
of rotation when falling would cause it to land jam-side down.
And he proved it using physics.
Which means that the result is perfectly natural, scientifically.
You are not unlucky. Enjoy your high school life.
What's with that nerd?
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Proof 5 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Holding a Meeting.
Is someone presenting today?
Himuro and I.
We're presenting the research we've been conducting.
Our B4s should present sometime soon, too.
Torasuke, you haven't been reading papers, have you?
The professor's gonna strangle you to death.
H-He wouldn't really kill me...
Today is the day all of the researchers gather to hold a meeting!
They're held every other Wednesday,
and Ikeda Lab meetings usually go something like this.
Well, let's get the meeting started, bear.
The meeting starts at 9 AM.
First, the professor makes announcements.
Next month, we're going on a trip to Brisbane to make presentations, bear!
This and that. This and that. Somehow or other.
Then, those who want to present the findings of their research.
Talk. Talk. Talk.
When the presentation finishes, we discuss it.
And once all the presentations are done, the meeting is closed.
Thanks, everyone, bear.
The professor is rather late, isn't he?
Kanade-chan, you called him, didn't you?
Oh, yes. He said he'd come right away.
He's sleeping. Gotta be.
Sleep? But he was awake five minutes ago...
Professor.
Eek! That's...
What's going on in there?
I'm so sorry about that!
The sunlight was so warm, I started drifting off...
Saitama University Mathematics and Information Sciences Professor Ikeda Kashin Height: 185 cm Weight: 102 kg Blood type: A Hobbies: Triathlons, Free Climbing Favorite foods: Protein, Alcohol Favorite phrase: Accomplished in study and athletics Looks up to: Taniyama Michiya, Kuze Takaomi Goals: Own and operate a cafe
He really was asleep.
Well, shall we start the meeting?
Um... With that, we'll start today's meeting.
Professor, do you have any announcements?
Yes.
As it is now June,
This is the master of the lab, Professor Ikeda!
those who have not yet presented their research should do so soon, please.
He's a little scary when he's angry, but he's a very kind teacher.
Also, it's been decided that
we will hold a four university joint training camp again this summer.
It will be August... What were the dates again?
From the 19th to the 21st.
Yes! That's right. Thank you.
Having you around is such a great help, Ibarada-kun.
Professor Ikeda can be a little absentminded.
Ibarada-senpai often helps with the follow up.
The undergraduates will be presenting there,
so our B4s, Kanade-kun and Kosuke-kun,
will need to decide on their research themes by summer.
Gulp!
Kanade-kun, I heard that you were interested in TSP,
so I gave you papers on the subject. What did you think of them?
I'm still only partway through the second one, but...
I'm finding it difficult.
Well, that is how it is in the beginning.
TSP!
TSP is another way of referring to the traveling salesman problem!
I've already explained what it is, bear, so if you want to know,
go back and watch episode 3 or read the first volume of the original work, bear.
So, today's term of the day, is this!
B4!
This is the mysterious word that Professor Ikeda used with Kanade and the others, bear.
It's a designation for school years often used in research labs, bear.
In English, an undergrad degree is called a Bachelor's.
Undergraduates
You use the first letter of that word, B.
So, B4 is a 4th year undergraduate student.
4th year undergrad student
Graduate courses
Above that, you have the M from Master's.
Himuro and Yukimura are both first-year grad students, so they're M1s.
1st year graduate student
Ibarada would be an M2, bear.
2nd year graduate student
Once you've completed your graduate degree, you attain the title of Master, bear.
Study hard and become masters like those knights from a galaxy far, far away,
and lose yourself in a vortex of destruction and despair, bear.
And you, Kosuke-kun?
Did you find anything you liked in the papers I gave you?
I really do want to read those papers,
but you could say, my woman just won't let me go.
Aika
Studying or me? Which is more important?
Honestly! Studying or me? Which is more important?
You haven't read them at all?
'S right!
Not a single page?
'S right.
Not a single word?
'S right...
Kosuke-kun...
Aika-chan is very charming,
but let's do those assignments which we are meant to do, shall we?
Do you understand?
I'm sorry!
Professor Ikeda excels in both study and athletics, so
when he gets angry, his muscles tend to get a little bigger, but...
Oops! I pulverized my pen again.
he's usually a very kind teacher.
Here's your spare.
Well, then... Let's resume the meeting.
If anyone has a presentation, please go ahead.
Professor, I'd like to present.
What's this? A joint presentation with Himuro-kun, is it?
It was a polynomial time reduction last time.
I'm excited to see how much progress you've made.
First, if you'd please take a look at figure 1.1.
We're for
realz
Fig 1.1: During Date Experiment
This figure shows the circumstances during the date experiment we conducted recently.
U-Um... I did think you got along well, but...
You two are in that kind of relationship, are you?
No, we are not.
The genesis of this lies in events of the other day when I...
we conducted in regards to the many types of romance.
Ah... I-I see...
I will upload the detailed data to our local server.
After a casual examination of the data,
the experiment which garnered the greatest results was...
Fig 4: Emotional Changes Over Time
Fig 3.7: Yukimura Shinya screaming at a man
During the date experiment, at 242 PM,
I have assembled all of this data
and even I am unable to prove that I love her!
The likes of you could never so casually declare your love for her!
Yukimura-kun was heard screaming these things.
During that time, my highest heart rate of the day,
with a momentary high of 162 bpm, was recorded.
Why is she talking like she's giving TV viewership ratings?
Himuro, you little...
Is it really necessary to write out every single word I said?
Well, if I don't, it doesn't accurately convey the conditions, does it?
In that case, I've got a few thoughts of my own.
Fig 3.7: Yukimura Shinya screaming at a man
Fig 3.8: Himuro Ayame, happy
My highest heart rate was recorded here.
6:47 PM.
On the Ferris wheel, with the sunset in the background, Himuro...
This is the number of times I was happy and the number of times I had fun today.
In total, 1925 times.
It's an exponential increase.
And even now, in this moment, too. ...is what she said.
You're killing us over here, too!
It was in this situation...
where my highest heart rate of the day was recorded...
And this... is your presentation?
Yukimura-kun.
What about your polynomial time reduction?
My deepest apologies.
I am planning to pursue that separately.
But as I determined this to be the more pressing problem...
You're right! This research topic seems super interesting!
He's okay with it!
Huh?
I knew you would say that, Professor!
Wow. The base conditions of love, is it?
When I married my wife, this never even occurred to me.
Have you thoughts on future prospects?
Based on the sampling,
a large-scale control experiment.
Fig 3.8: Himuro Ayame, happy
To determine the base conditions of love, we need to gather as much data as possible,
Love A
Love B
Love C
Love D
Love E
General Love
so that we can find the average.
Fig 4.6: Experiment with a couple's straw
As an example, this experiment.
Times your heart raced +22 Times you felt happy+12 Times your hands shook +2 Times you thought the other person smelled nice +2 Times you had no idea how it tasted +1
Given the circumstances in the picture,
Times your heart raced +16 Times you felt happy +8 Times you thought the other person was cute +22 Times you had fun +12 Times you thought it tasted good +2 Times you wished you could take a picture +2
we investigated the information on our vitals and the emotion counters, but...
It seems you might need other humans for this experiment.
And as many of them as you can get.
For example, in this room there are six people, including me.
Fig 4.6: Experiment with a couple's straw
Times your heart raced +22 Times you felt happy+12 Times your hands shook +2 Times you thought the other person smelled nice +2 Times you had no idea how it tasted +1
Times your heart raced +16 Times you felt happy +8 Times you thought the other person was cute +22 Times you had fun +12 Times you thought it tasted good +2 Times you wished you could take a picture +2
Given the circumstances in the picture,
From the 6, possible pairs of 2
From the six of us, it is possible to make 15 combinations of groups of two.
pairs
Which means that within this lab,
it is possible to run 15 experiments.
What?
You're going to do all the pairs?
That sounds like crazy amounts of fun.
In particular, Kanade is the closest to average, thus a valuable specimen.
You will participate, by any means necessary.
Aren't there numerous problems with this?
What, do you have a particular partner at the moment?
Well, no. I don't, but...
Then it shouldn't be a problem.
Also, you need to hurry up and turn in a report on your romantic history.
Force of Impact
I have told you before, Yukimura-kun, you lack tact.
Himuro, you little... Stop hitting my head every time!
You'll kill valuable brain cells!
Then you should think a little harder.
What did you just say?!
Yukimura-senpai! Stop!
Please, calm down.
K-Kanade... You're really strong.
Wait... my arm...
Let's all calm down.
This place is a font of intelligence and inquirythe Ikeda lab.
We always resolve things intelligently, calmly, rationally, do we not?
You're the most violent of us all.
Yukimura-kun, it is not good to force those who do not wish it into your experiments.
That's right!
This experiment just doesn't make any sense!
Which is why you should do it with volunteers!
I'd be happy to be of assistance.
What's he saying?
Q1: Are you in a romantic relationship? hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhA Yeshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhB If I had to say, then yes.hh hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhC If I had to say, then no.hhh hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhD Nohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Q2: What does love mean to you?hhhhhh
Papers on the psychology of love, as far as I know,
are largely based on questionnaires given to college students.
In particular, in Japan there is a strong tendency
not to conduct matters of love in the open.
Concerning the Base Conditions of Love Research Findings
Which is precisely why...
this data that you science-types collected by throwing yourselves into it is,
from an academic standpoint, extremely valuable.
True, it may not be an experiment that makes sense, however,
smashing common sense to smithereens is what we researchers do.
Exactly, Professor.
Of course, I will give my all for research.
And you'll be participating, too, Torasuke.
Why am I the only one being forced into this?
Very good!
This place is a font of intelligence and inquiry!
The Ikeda Laboratory!
Learn what makes sense. Then, crush common sense under your heel!
Research as your heart desires!
Yes, sir!
Well, that brings today's meeting to a close.
This lab exists because of this professor.
It seems that normal people are in the minority here.
I'm probably gonna end up participating, too, aren't I?
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It.
Don't run, Kosuke.
Yuki...mura...senpai...
Stop laughing, Ibarada!
You're the one who said we should try this pairing!
So? What do you think?
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
I'm sorry, Yukimura-senpai.
Times you thought his eyelashes are surprisingly long +1
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you felt like dying +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
Times you sweat bullets +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you thought his eyelashes are surprisingly long +1
I really respect you, Senpai, but...
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
Times you sweat bullets +1
Times you thought his eyelashes are surprisingly long +1
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you felt like dying +1
Times you sweat bullets +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you thought his eyelashes are surprisingly long +1
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
This is rough...
Times you felt like dying +1
Times you sweat bullets +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you sweat bullets +1
Times you thought his eyelashes are surprisingly long +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
This is rough for me, too.
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
Times you felt like dying +1
Times you thought his eyelashes are surprisingly long +1
Times you thought a whole new doorway was about to open +1
Times you thought senpai's really got this down +1
Times you sweat bullets +1
It's rough on me, too. But it was worth seeing, just to try it.
Watching the two of you paired up... It was funny, but that's all.
You little...
You!
Fig. 2.1: Wall Slam Experiment
So?
What're we supposed to figure out from this experiment data?
That we are unable to deny the possibility that you, Torasuke, are in love with Yukimura.
Stop making it sound weird! You crazy BL-loving woman!
Seriously. It's not like my heart rate is...
Well, I guess it's a little higher than my resting rate.
But there's no change in my temperature or blood pressure!
That part is a little weird.
For blood pressure, when you use something simple like this,
as opposed to medical equipment, the accuracy is reduced.
Well, it works at a reference level.
Also, for this experiment, you put the thermometer under your arm, right?
When you take a temperature under the arm, it's an axillary temperature.
It's the most stable place to take the highest temperature on the body, but
Core Temperature
because of that, it's not suited for reading small changes in temperature.
Emotion-related temperature fluctuations most often occur
in places like the tip of the nose.
However, places like that are very susceptible to external stimulus.
Honestly, a comfy room and measuring with thermography would be best, but...
That's hard to do in the middle of a date...
Still, basically,
it just won't serve as material to deny any love between you and Yukimura.
You freakin' witch!
Go ahead and act cocky while you can...
Doing all the pairings means that, eventually,
you're gonna participate in the experiments, too!
If, by chance, you're in love with me,
it'll be exposed in a flash.
Yeah. So not.
And you...
I wouldn't set your heart racing, would I?
Huh?
Aika's the only one for me.
A woman like you isn't even on my radar!
Fig. 2.1: Close Contact Experiment
In that case...
Shall we try this close contact experiment and see whose vitals stay at resting rates?
Loser treats the other to a week's worth of skewered dango from the co-op store.
Sounds like fun.
You think pairing up with you is gonna do anything for me?
I'm gonna bankrupt you, you pipsqueak.
Saitama Bowl
Cheese Katsu
Fried Shrimp
Now, we will conduct
an experiment with the pairing of Yukimura and Kanade.
Kanade-chan, please, begin.
This is embarrassing...
Just do it.
F-Fine, I will...
Here. Say ah...
Situation 7: One subject asks the other to say ah, and, using hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhchopsticks, spoon, or other utensil, assists in the hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhintake of food. Subject Kanade Kotonoha Observation Notes:
Why do I feel so unsettled?
Kanade-chan and Yukimura-kun are nothing more than colleagues...
Say ah!
It sure looks delicious!
Hey, Himuro.
This experiment is between Kanade and myself.
Yes. I understand that.
U-Um...
Then, let's try again...
Here. Say ah...
Himuro...
Round 1.
Kosuke... I've always wanted to do this.
So have I.
Hold on!
What is this? This is stupid.
But I guess I've got no choice.
I've gotta find a way to raise her heart rate in this romantic atmosphere.
Huh?
Did she just call me Kosuke...?
Kosuke, from now on...
I'm not going to stop myself from saying I love you, Kosuke!
She...!
Those are Aika's lines from when she confesses in the True End route of chapter 9!
Aika
From now on... I'm not going to stop myself from saying I love you!
Reenacting that famous scene isn't playing fair!
Calm down.
She isn't Aika.
All this woman does is game all day and lie around.
She's a horrible woman who pushes people around,
a demon trying to extort dango from me!
I love you, Kosuke.
Aika!
Heart rate during experiment Resting heart rate
Heart Rate (bpm)
Heart rate during experiment Resting heart rate
Heart Rate (bpm)
Time (minutes) Fig. 2.2: Ibarada Ena's heart rate fluctuations
Time (minutes) Fig. 2.3: Inukai Kosuke's heart rate fluctuations
Body Temperature (C)
Body Temperature (C)
So weak.
It's like using a weapon the boss is weak against in M*ga Man.
Total defeat...
And that woman, despite all of her acting,
kept all her numbers super normal!
In the first place,
imitating Aika isn't playing fair!
You're toying with my pure love for her!
Oh, fine. Shall we throw that one out and try again?
Round 2.
I can do this.
As long as she doesn't imitate Aika, this is nothing.
I'm taking this round.
Doesn't being like this...
bring back memories?
Huh?
Do you remember when we were little, Torasuke?
Yes...
A long time ago...
the two of us used to sit together like this...
on the porch in your backyard, Torasuke.
The sunlight felt so good,
we both fell asleep like that.
And, without realizing it,
you peed on me in your sleep, didn't you, Torasuke?
Ye...s?
In elementary school,
when we thought I might move away,
you started bawling saying I'm gonna marry you, Ena-chan! You can't go!
Stop that.
In middle school,
you played your first pretty girl dating game with me in my room, didn't you?
Stop that.
Stop it.
Back then, you got so excited you wet
Stop it, Ibarada!
Ibarada-senpai, why do you have so many dango?
I had a weakling who mistook recklessness for bravery get them for me.
You guys want some?
This dratted pipsqueak of a woman!
I'll get you for this!
Competition to Maintain Steady Vitals During Close Contact, was it?
That isn't the same as the conditions for our experiment.
Well, true enough. And there was a bit of forced excitement in it.
In a lot of different ways,
there's no one in this lab who can beat this person.
Huh?
Heart rate during experiment Resting heart rate
Time (minutes) Fig. 2.3: Inukai Kosuke's heart rate fluctuations
Heart Rate (bpm)
Heart rate during experiment Resting heart rate
Himuro, Yukimura...
Why don't the two of you...
try a little kiss?
Next Time
Proof 6 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Kissing.
Next time, Proof 6.
Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Kissing.
