Five...
Four...
Three...
Two...
One...
All things are numbers.
According to Pythagoras,
behind every single thing in this world,
you will find numbers.
Everything in the universe abides by the rules of numbers.
Therefore, through numbers and calculation,
everything in the universe can be explained and understood.
And since this discovery, a multitude of eminent scientists
have mathematically proven many truths.
On the other hand, however...
many, many things remain unproven and unexplained.
In this story, one of those most difficult questions is resolutely confronted.
It is the story of a particular group of youths.
You should eat something decent once in a while, Yukimura-kun.
In terms of nutrition, this is sufficient.
A limited amount of exposure to sunlight is beneficial.
Serotonin deficiency dulls the mind.
I never asked for your opinion.
More importantly, you are three minutes late, Himuro.
Two minutes, thirty-two seconds.
If you're specializing in science and engineering, you need to be precise about time.
Save the backtalk for after you've made up the three minutes' work.
Serves as the perfect handicap for me, don't you think?
More importantly, Yukimura-kun,
don't you need to hurry up and find a polynomial-time reduction?
Your presentation is soon, isn't it?
I've already determined the objective.
The practical application of the Hamilton path problem.
You're probably just going to copy Richard Karp's work. Right?
I am using it as a reference, but my work is completely original.
Do not presume that your assumptions are truth.
I'm looking forward to seeing what unsightly presentation you come up with.
I'll be sure to write it succinctly enough that even your brain can comprehend it.
Oh, by the way, Yukimura-kun.
What is it, Himuro?
I seem to be in love with you.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It.
National University: Saitama University
Liberal Arts College Students Enrolled: 816 Graduate Students: 96
Established 70 years ago Campus Footprint: 394,544 m2
Saitama University 1st year graduate student Yukimura Shinya Height: 177 cm Weight: 63 kg Blood type: O Hobbies: Research, reading academic texts Favorite foods: Foods which allow efficient hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhintake of balanced nutrition Favorite phrase: Decisive and resolute Idol: John von Neumann Future goals: Nobel Prize
What?
What did you just say?
Saitama University 1st year graduate student Himuro Ayame Height: 170 cm Weight:? Blood type: A Hobbies: Research, reading academic texts, hhhhhhhhhhhhhhharoma therapy Favorite foods: Strawberries, sweet foods in general Favorite phrase: Two become as one Idol: Emilie du Chatelet Future goals: Fields Medal
seem to be in love with you, Yukimura-kun.
The problem set forth here is defined as follows wherein the input of each node is associated with aaa aaa I went and said it aaa aaa
Proof 1 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried to Analyze It.
have no experience with that which is called romance, however...
Himuro...
You are intelligent, and I consider you a worthy rival.
I suppose that if pressed, I couldn't say that I have no affection for you.
However, I don't know if I am in love with you or not.
First...
How does one define love?
Himuro, upon what evidence did you determine that you love me?
You're right.
Making a determination without credible evidence
would make me a failure as a student of science.
Even when science-types fall in love,
anything less than a precise definition is unsatisfactory.
Time I've wanted to smell you. hh2.2
Time I've wanted you to smell me. 3.0hh
Time I've found myself looking at you. hhhhhhhhhh8.3
Time I've had fun being with you. hhhhhhhhhhhhhh14.3
Time I've been captivated by the sight of you thinking. hhhh17.2
Other 11
Time my heart rate increased by being with you 24.2
Time you have appeared in dreams 19.8
Fig. 1 - A pie chart showing percentages of the elements of evidence leading to the determination that Himuro Ayame loves Yukimura Shinya
This is the evidence which led me to determine that I seem to be in love with you.
The numbers aren't concrete, so please consider these only rough estimates.
Time my heart rate has increased by being with you...
I see.
However, making a determination based on this evidence is no more than your personal opinion.
True.
So let us provisionally set this down.
At this time, the emotion Himuro Ayame feels toward Yukimura Shinya is
(love prime)
This is the current hypothesis.
Yes. And we want to prove that love and love prime are equal, but...
Would this correlate with what is generally held to be proof of love?
Looking at it like this, there seem to be many factors which are generalized.
Time I've been captivated by the sight of you thinking. That doesn't feel quite right...
What is it?
Nothing.
I began growing more conscious of you after you appeared in a dream on April 12th.
I've indicated the frequency on this graph.
Would appearing in a dream really lead to an increased awareness?
Even I've had you and other people appear in my dreams.
What happened between us in that dream?
Is that information necessary?
Tell me. If the information is accurate, having more will do no harm.
We... held hands.
Information must be recorded precisely.
Time you've appeared in dreams
holding my hand.
Ambiguous phrasing will only hinder analysis of
Yukimura-kun, didn't you also say I've appeared in your dreams, as well?
What happened between us in the dream?
Is that information necessary?
If the information is accurate, having more will do no harm. Isn't that right?
We... held hands.
Wh-What did you say?
This point of commonality...
Is it simply coincidence?
At this stage, I can't say anything for certain, however, it may indicate relatedness.
Even when science-types fall in love,
the progress is slower than a turtle's.
Good morning!
Oh! Himuro-senpai! Yukimura-senpai!
Saitama University 4th year college student Kanade Kotonoha Height: 162 cm Weight:? Blood type: B Hobbies: Making sweets, shojo manga Favorite foods: Snacks, sweets Favorite phrase: Halcyon days Idol: Her middle school homeroom teacher, Sayama Future goals: Still thinking about it
You're early again tod
Which means that romantic affection
and the question of its determination can be rendered as a formula like this.
A is in love with B (A,BHuman) Is this determination possible?
A is in love with B.
Parenthesis, A and B belong to the category of human, close parenthesis.
Is this determination possible?
Being togetherhhh increases heart rate
If by finding the conditions which generally indicate love,
Appears in dreams
Captivated by the sight of the person thinking
Being together is funhhhhh
Found one's self looking at the personhh
Ends up waiting for the person to reply to textsh
Thinks of the person every spare momenth
we can construct a Turing machine like this, then...
If conditions are met
If conditions aren't met
Love is output
Not love is output
Which means we can determine whether I love you or not. Correct?
Not just that. We can also determine whether I love you or not.
This research topic is much more interesting than I'd originally thought.
I'd thought romance was something only for idiots who run on impulses and urges, but...
It appears even romance is an aggregation of numbers and data!
We'll find the proof.
What is this ridiculous couple talking about?
Will this be okay?
Y-Yukimura-kun...
W-We shouldn't be doing this...
We're not done with our experiment. Don't try to escape, Himuro.
Yuki...mura-kun...
Right. We're done.
Starting at 3:27 pm for ten seconds.
The experiment concerned the action commonly known as a wall slam.
Hmm... Unclear...
Trembling due to nervousness... Agitation in the voice...
Yukimura-kun, it's obvious you aren't used to this sort of thing.
We are not interested in that kind of data.
The important thing here is your heart rate. How was it?
Heart rate of 147.
That's on par with an all-out sprint.
For all your complaints, your heart rate was quite elevated.
At any rate...
If we continue these sorts of experiments, we may be able to find the proof
as to whether I love you or not, Yukimura-kun.
Let's move on to the next.
Yes.
Well, if I had to say what the two of them are up to, it'd be...
minutes prior.
minute prior.
minutes prior.
Preconditions for believing you're in love with someone...is that right?
Kanade-chan, what kinds of things make you think you've fallen in love with someone?
M-Me?
Well, let's see...
Oh!
Wham
ba-dump
ba-dump
hhhhh hhhhhhhhhhhh hHender- hson-kun... hhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhh
This kind of thing.
When I feel my heart racing... that kind of thing. Probably.
Your heart racing?
That's one of the preconditions Himuro listed for love, too.
That's right! That's it!
Heart rate!
If we monitor heart rate,
we can quantitatively measure thrilling palpitations of love.
Science-types always
Ready a heart rate monitor!
feel reassured when things can be converted into numbers.
We'll start the experiments immediately!
All right.
Now, then.
Shall we continue our If I do this with someone I love, my heart will race situations?
We should. After doing the wall slam we should...
I have no idea.
Romantic Experience: Zero.
At times like these, we should look it up on the Internet.
Information on the Internet comes from unverified sources. I don't like it.
But I suppose we have no choice.
Experiment 1
The chin-lift.
Chin-lift.
The ideal angle seems to be between 30 and 40 degrees.
This is the same technique used in artificial respiration.
Perhaps securing the airway is one of the objectives.
Experiment 2
The sleeve-roll.
Sleeve-roll.
Stand behind someone and roll their sleeves up...?
What significance could this action possibly have?
But there are very precise accounts of a height differential of 23 cm being ideal.
Approx. 23 cm
Yukimura's weight distribution
It's possible this action has solid academic corroboration.
Hmm... What else...
Sweet potato fries?
We would need sweet potato fries to try this one.
If my hypothesis is correct...
Yukimura-kun, will you remove your glasses for a moment?
What hypothesis?
Himuro vision.
Explain.
I was right.
About what?
Never mind. Let's move on to the next.
minutes later.
We have attempted a variety of things,
but it seems that activities which reduce the distance between us
have a tendency to increase heart rate.
What's this? Tired already?
In that case, this brings us the closest, doesn't it?
Let's stay like this for a little while.
The longer the period, the more data we can collect. Right?
That is true... but...
minutes later.
minute later.
minutes later.
Th-The woman's gone and fallen asleep!
What do I do? Halt the experiment?
She has the audacity to look so happy!
And what kind of components comprise this sweet fragrance?
Heart rate during experiment
Resting heart rate
Sweet potato fry
Close contact
Wall Slam
Chin-lift
Sleeve-roll
Hand holding
We tried many different situations.
This is your heart rate during the experiment, Himuro.
In every case, you can see very high readings.
Question!
Hm?
That last part sort of...
It looks like there was a time she wound up super relaxed.
Flow of time
Pay no attention to that. It was simply an unexpected circumstance.
At any rate, it looks like there's no denying Himuro-senpai's heart was racing!
That means love is a certainty, right?
It's too soon to come to that conclusion.
Huh? Why?
Remember this well, Kanade.
The results of an experiment must not be interpreted carelessly for convenience's sake.
Wham
ba-dump
ba-dump
hhhhh hhhhhhhhhhhh hHender- hson-kun... hhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhh
For example, even in this manga...
At first glance, it may appear that this woman is in love. However...
A profuse amount of sweat, palpitations, and a flushed face.
What might you deduce from these things?
It could be premature menopause!
Exactly.
No, it couldn't. Ever.
Excitement. Stress. Feverishness.
Romantic feelings
Excitement, anger, embarrassment
Stress
A racing heart could be caused by many things.
Feverishness leading to increased body temperature
Decreased blood pressure, heart abnormalities
Severe pain
It's true that, in this case, we cannot be sure
that the racing heart was caused by feelings of love.
Hypothesis A
In this experiment,
it seemed that my wall slam was responsible for the increased heart rate.
Hypothesis B
However, we can't say for certain some stimulus other than my wall slam
could have coincidentally occurred, causing the increased heart rate.
But if that's the case, then you'll never reach a conclusion,
regardless of how many experiments you conduct.
That might be true.
But let's just try a few more experiments to see.
If during the second experiment my heart races again,
then hypothesis B, my heart coincidentally raced,
would be rendered less likely than in the first case, don't you think?
Yes, but...
If we achieve the same result no matter how many times we do it,
that likelihood decreases even further.
Hypothesis B
Some stimulus other than Yukimura's wall slam happened to cause the racing heart.
Hypothesis A
Yukimura's wall slam hhhhh caused the racing hhhhh heart.
To contrast with the hypothesis we wish to put forth, hypothesis A,
we have a hypothesis which negates it, hypothesis B.
A null-hypothesis.
Null-hypothesis
Null-hypothesis!
In order for you stupid humans to understand this concept
I, the people's idol, Rikekuma the science bear, will give you a simple explanation, bear.
A null-hypothesis is a type of hypothesis which appears in statistics
that negates the hypothesis you wish to put forward, bear.
Say for example that you want to prove that crows are black, bear.
So, you go out and find a hundred crows and they're all black, bear.
But there could be a rainbow crow out there and you just didn't find it,
is what some irritating punk could say, bear!
So freakin' annoying, bear!
This is when you create an impossible hypothesis which opposes
the hypothesis that crows are black, bear.
Black x 50
Rainbow x 50
Half of crows are black, and half are rainbow. Something like that, bear.
Null-hypothesis
That's a null-hypothesis, bear.
With that, the chances of finding one hundred black crows in a row,
becomes lower than the 1 in a trillion chance that a meteorite will land on your head, bear.
In that case, what about 90 are black and the rest are fluorescent pink, bear?
Black x 90
Fluorescent Pink x 10
Even with this, the chances of finding one hundred
black crows in a row is about 0.00265, bear.
(Black x 90.0 Other x 10.0)
All black
That's pretty unlikely, bear.
(Black x 97.1 Other x 2.9)
When black reaches about 97.1, the chances of all black increase to over 5
and it finally starts to border on possible, bear.
In the field of statistics, if the probability of occurrence is below 5,
it's considered pretty much zero, bear.
Null-hypothesis
In statistics, by disproving a null-hypothesis like this,
you can prove your original hypothesis, bear.
This was a freakin' pain, bear.
Which is why, to reduce the likelihood to less than 5
doing the wall slam an additional sixty times should be sufficient.
It won't be just my heart rate we'll measure, Yukimura-kun.
We'll be measuring yours, too.
Just spend your whole life doing that.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Ikeda's Research Lab
I'm back!
It might be wise to analyze this from a different perspective.
Why...?
You seem to be hard at work.
Oh, Kanade-chan.
Is something wrong?
You look like you're struggling with something.
Yes.
Himuro and I continued the wall slam experiment after that, but...
At first, it was clear that her heart rate increased,
but as the number of trials progressed, that increase started to diminish gradually.
Trial 1
Trial 2
Trial 3
Trial 4
Trial 5
Trial 6
Trial 7
Ah. She must've gotten used to it.
After that, just in case, we continued to one hundred wall slams.
Her heart rate didn't change at all.
Trial 93
Trial 94
Trial 95
Trial 96
Trial 97
Trial 98
Trial 99
Trial 100
Of course it didn't!
You see, it's true that in the beginning, I experienced a sort of throbbing in my chest,
and I thought to myself, I must really be in love with him,
but along the way, I started thinking, What is this guy doing?
This data shows no significant difference
between resting heart rate and wall slam heart rate.
It can't be...
Was it really just coincidence?
About that, Yukimura-kun.
There's something that's been nagging at me.
When I used motion capture to analyze the video from the experiment...
I found a surprising result.
What?
Look at this.
Match
Th-That's...
The movement has been refined to the point of being astonishingly similar!
That's right.
When you perform a wall slam many times in succession, it stops being a wall-slam.
In short, what you were doing, Yukimura-kun,
was a wall slap!
Dosukoi! Dosukoi! Dosukoi! Dosukoi! Dosukoi!
I see.
And a wall slap is not a situation which causes a woman's heart to race.
That's why your heart rate didn't increase.
That's not it!
What don't you understand?
What?
It's about feelings.
I don't think that love is something
that can be measured with numbers and data in the first place!
What are you basing that on?
If you know of a counter-example, provide a concrete explanation.
When I was in high school,
my math teacher would give us math puzzles every day.
I thought they were really fun.
Tower of Hanoi
Takahashi-sensei!
Hm? Did you have a question?
Um, the Tower of Hanoi puzzle...
I tried using a recurrence relation to solve it. Would you look at it for me?
That's right.
2N 1.
Good work solving it, Kanade-kun.
And, listen, it only gets more interesting from here.
If you go with tradition and make it n=64, then, since it's 2N 1...
He was so handsome when he was absorbed in talking about math...
Well... I... sort of fell in love with him, with my teacher.
After that, I wanted him to pay attention to me,
so I put everything I had into studying math.
I have it!
And thanks to that, I became a science-type.
That's correct.
It's strange, isn't it?
To think that, if it means you can be with the person you love,
you can work hard at anything.
I think I understand what you mean.
Falling in love,
I think, is something like that, maybe.
Huh? Um, so, what I mean is...
What I wanted to say was...
This.
Handsome when absorbed in something
If it means being together, can work hard at anything
At this point, Kanade Kotonoha felt the following for her high school teacher
(love prime Kanade love Takahashi) is the hypothesis.
Hey!
Handsome when absorbed in something
If it means being together, can work hard at anything
Handsome when absorbed in something
If it means being together, can work hard at anything
At this point, Kanade Kotonoha felt the following for her high school teacher
Don't just go making some weird definition like that!
Kanade, in your past, are there others you've fallen in love with?
Well, probably two or three...
Wait! What are you making me say?
The information you just gave us is extremely instructive.
What do you mean?
Love' Kanade love, Takahashi
Between your love and Himuro's love, there may be points of commonality!
Love' Himuro love, Yukimura
Commonality
Commonality
Commonality
If there are points of commonality with other loves, then...
Love' Kanade love, x
Love' Kanade love, y
Love' Himuro love, Yukimura Love' Kanade love, Takahashi Love' Kanade love, x Love' Kanade love, y
Love prime (Himuro love, Yukimura) intersects Love prime (Kanade love, Takahashi) intersects
Love prime (Kanade love, x) intersects Love prime (Kanade love, y)
would likely be very close to the general preconditions for love!
Can you please not say Kanade love so many times in a row?
To that end...
You will give me an itemized list of the details and elements of all of your loves thus far.
That hurdle's too high for me!
Force of Impact
Ow!
That's enough, Yukimura-kun.
What do you think you're doing, Himuro?!
Listen, normal people find that kind of thing embarrassing to talk about.
How is that relevant?
So, she realizes that she's not normal.
It is necessary data!
Yes, but you're being too aggressive.
That's why you don't have any friends.
If this can prove your love one way or the other,
then I don't care how hated I am!
No results come without sacrifice!
In this way, a science-type man and woman began their great experiment.
Those who refuse to move ahead because of small vanities, pride, reticence...
Will they ever be able to find proof of their love?
Hey! Are you listening, Himuro? Himuro!
Oh, crap.
Next Time
Proof 2 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Experiments.
Next time, Proof 2.
Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Experiments.
