Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Gone Home
4th dimension
In Lab
Rm 507
On Campus
Lecture Hall
We should take a moment to organize our current circumstances.
Yes, we should.
Love' Himuro love, Yukimura
When together, heart rate increases
Appears in dreams
Bewitched by the sight of him thinking
Being together is fun
Can't help looking at him
Love' Kanade love, Takahashi
Handsome when absorbed in something
If it means being together, can work hard at anything
These are the components of love we have identified so far.
And, at this point, we haven't proven heart rate is one of the elements yet.
Proof 3 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Try Planning a Date.
We don't have enough sample data to calculate the base conditions for love.
Our knowledge of romance is severely lacking.
The first thing we need to do is find someone who is in love!
In Lab
4th dimension
Rm. 507
Yukimura
Kanade
Ikeda
Inukai
Wassup?!
What's this? Ibarada's not here, huh?
That's lucky.
Saitama University 4th year college student Inukai Kosuke Height: 179 cm Weight: 71 kg Blood type: B Hobbies: Games (Dating sims), soccer Favorite foods: Ramen, Hamburg steak, curry Favorite phrase: Event Horizon Idol: Yukimura Shinya, Cristiano Ronaldo Future goals: Game developer, erect a bronze statue of Aika
Morning, Kosuke-kun.
'Sup?
I haven't seen you in a while. Were you with your soccer club?
I already retired from that.
I've just been out enjoying the nightlife a bit is all.
And you, my senpai, have you gotten all fired up about any research lately?
Perfect timing.
Kosuke, I have a question for you.
Are you in love with anyone?
That's a foolish question.
I'm a man who lives on love!
The number of women I've loved is impossible to count.
That's a great help.
In that case, who are you in love with currently?
Her name is Aika. My lover who lives in a far, distant world.
A distant world...
Love' Kosuke lo ve, Aika
What they call a long-distance relationship, then...
And what proof leads you to determine that you love this Aika?
Proof?
Hmm... Let's see...
Just being with her is fun, and my heart feels like it's racing!
I suppose... that's what people call happiness.
I understand, Kosuke-kun.
I feel the same way when I'm with Yukimura-kun.
When I'm with him, everything is fun.
When I'm with him, my heart races.
These seem likely to be the base conditions for love.
What else?
If possible, something with a numerical value would be preferred.
A numerical value?
Oh!
For Aika, I've ended up spending a total of about 227,000 yen,
but that's only to be expected, isn't it?
Two hundred twenty-seven... thousand yen?
The amount of money I've spent on Yukimura-kun is...
It's not like there's anyone else giving you birthday presents, is there?
You always say one thing too much.
Even if it is only one factor,
yen
Love' Himuro love, Yukimura
yen
Love' Kosuke love, Aika
a simple calculation shows a 311.8-fold gap.
311.8 times
Is that how much stronger Kosuke's feelings are?
Also, and this is obvious, too, but...
Every night for the last two years, without fail,
I've held her in my arms.
H-Held her...?
It can't be...
I've never once held Yukimura-kun and fallen asleep with him...
Wait. I did.
It happened once.
Love' Himuro love, Yukimura
Love' Kosuke love, Aika
But, every night for more than two years?
Hup!
Which means, 365 x 2...
730 times!
The index of him holding her is at least 730 times that of mine!
times!!
Th-This can't be...
Several pieces of evidence lead me to conclude that I might love Yukimura-kun, but...
Looking at it objectively, I might have been mistaken.
Is this the true form of a person in love?
If you don't feel at least that much, is it wrong to call it love?
When you say Aika-chan, do you mean this girl?
Rika Koi Another
Ibarada! Where'd you come from?!
Give it back!
You really do love your tsundere characters, don't you, Torasuke?
Silence, Ibarada!
What do you know about my preferences?!
Childhood friends who can't get rid of each other.
We've been together since we were kids.
Do I really need to prove it at this point?
Oh! This character is Aika-chan, right?
She reminds me a little of Ibarada-senpai
That's the version for the second playthough! Blast! Did it autoplay?
What? When you said you were in love, you were talking about that thing?
Well... Um...
Explain the preconditions clearly and precisely.
Yeah! That's right!
Aika is a character from a gal game!
Of all the women I have loved in my life,
all of them are 2D!
And the 227,000 yen I spent was on this!
Mashiro Aika 1/8 size figure Y12,778 Mashiro Aika: cell phone strap Y525 Mashiro Aika T-shirt Y2,500 Mashiro Aika Body pillow cover Y15,800 The amount of money spent to pull Aika from the game collab event Y127,200 Total Y 227,542
Without her body pillow, I couldn't fall asleep, so...
All my interests have been exposed!
Huh... So you did all that thinking you were keeping it hidden?
You're beautiful as ever today, Aika.
In InfoSci, it's not particularly unusual to have otaku-type interests, is it?
There's no need to hide it.
You say that,
but people who are satisfied with an offline life stare at you like you're crazy.
Kiss...
And if you say that every morning you give your pillow a good morning kiss...
most people freak out, like it's totally creepy!
Well, yeah.
Rikakoi
I do understand.
Falling in love with a 2D character is creepy. I know that much.
Creepy?
If you consider yourself a science-type,
then do not make determinations based on ridiculous emotional arguments.
Romance can only occur between two humans.
There is no definition or rule which states this.
Human sexual orientation is diverse.
There is no right or wrong in that.
Pretty 2D Girl
Game characters are
a collection of attractive characteristics creating the ideal personality.
Pigtails
Cute
Nice Figure
Kind
Pop Idol
In other words, an icon or idol, just like a pop idol.
Nice Figure
Cute
Doesn't Poop
Including the point that it's nearly impossible that you would ever date them.
Pretty Costume
Which means...
you saying you're in love with Aika,
and any random person you might find on the street saying,
I wanna date someone from AK*Beep*! are in essence the same thing.
There is nothing strange about you!
Amazing!
He's totally made a logical affirmation of my interests!
Yukimura-senpai's science powers truly are awesome!
Thanks, Yukimura-senpai.
I feel like a load's been taken off my chest.
Now, I can once again live by love as I have always done!
Aika!
What's wrong, Himuro? Do you have a refutation or something?
I don't know what to do. I might not be in love with you, Yukimura-kun.
What?
How did you arrive at that conclusion?
If Kosuke-kun's love is close to the general prerequisites for the condition,
Love' A love, B pillow Index representing the number of times A has slept with a pillow of B.
Love' A love, B money Index representing the amount of money A has spent on B.
then I'm nowhere near reaching them.
But, that's only if Kosuke represents the norm!
Kosuke.
Yes?
I am making a retraction.
You are strange!
What?!
I said that loving a 2D character and a famous person were the same,
but there aren't many people who would have a body pillow
of a famous person they love for over two years.
Wait, what about all that emotion and determination I had just now,
Yukimura-senpai?!
In a word, your love is excessive.
What?!
What's wrong, Himuro-senpai?
Nothing. I'm all right.
Kosuke-kun's love was deemed excessive,
so it isn't certain that my love, which is less than his,
would be deemed as not reaching normal levels...
D-Don't worry! Please, believe in yourself!
Come on, chin up. Let's go with that dignity you always carry yourself with!
Th-Thank you, Kanade-chan.
A long, long time ago,
there was someone who said the same things you say to me, Kanade-chan.
Said the same things?
Because I was the kind of child who would spend all day studying pillbugs.
S-So, you've always been a science-type!
Oh, man! Did I step on a land mine?
But, you know...
I met someone, and I changed.
Someone whose name I don't know. Someone I looked up to.
You're going to make it again right?
Well, in that case.
I want to do it, too!
poop
bug girl
poop
What should we play?
Bug girl!
You're so gross!
She's looking this way!
Run away!
Run away!
Wait up!
Saiyou Medical University Kounosu Medical Treatment Center
Right. Left. Right. Left.
I knew it!
Researching a pillbug's tendency to switch directions when reacting to stimulus, I see.
When pillbugs turn right at a corner, they turn left at the next corner,
and they continue to alternate directions. This is a trait they possess.
It is, indeed, quite interesting.
baldy four-eyes nerd
It seems that you, like myself, have set your sights on science.
What? What is it you want to say?
Oh, this?
It's of an inferior level, and the vocabulary is lacking.
baldy four-eyes nerd
Just infantile harassment of my incompetent classmates. I pay it no mind.
Always deal with things calmly and intellectually.
That is what a science-type is, after all.
I just...
I just like observing pillbugs and stuff, that's all...
But everyone says I'm weird.
They say it's creepy.
They say they hate me... that they don't need me...
Are you stupid?
Loving to observe plants and animals and their interactions with their environment,
shows, without a doubt, that you possess the same disposition toward science that I do.
This was published by MEXT. The university entrance rate for 2005.
In any given year, the sciences exhibit a high level of entrance.
And in recent years,
female acceptance rates have begun to surpass those of males.
From this point, because their overall numbers are low,
science girls will be needed more than ever.
That means that your future is rosy!
Additionally, the fact that people hate you is not the pillbugs' fault.
It's because you have a gloomy appearance!
Psychologically speaking, it's called a halo effect...
There is a tendency for physical appearance
Please... look...
to influence the way other traits are perceived.
Pillbugs are fascinating...
Your level of gloominess causes people's perception of your observations to be negative.
Please, take a look.
Pillbugs have a very interesting form of locomotion.
Stand up!
Cut your bangs!
Get your physical appearance in order.
Keep your head up and always move forward boldly, with beauty and dignity!
If you do, then a pillbug or two will do nothing to overshadow that beauty.
I couldn't ask that boy what his name was, but...
Like him, always intellectual and logical,
and above that, dignified, a cool science-type...
I wanted to be like that one day.
Well, it seems you managed to do it.
Himuro-senpai, you're beautiful and cool, exactly the way you described.
Thank you, Kanade-chan.
I feel I'm still only partway there.
I can't prove I'm in love.
Numerically, I fall far behind Kosuke-kun...
At this rate, I won't be able to face the person who helped me, will I?
What kind of unloveable brat was that?
There's embarrassing, but there should be limits.
Yukimura-senpai...
I found him incredibly wonderful.
When I was in elementary school, I was in Kounosu, too.
If I'd ever met him back then, I'd have won any argument, no question.
I can't believe you'd ever have beat him, Yukimura-kun.
I mean...
It's totally obvious that the kid has to have been Yukimura-senpai!
Why can't these two figure that out?
According to data from MEXT,
the difference between science and liberal arts entrance rates is 0.7.
This is not data which shows a certain superiority in science.
This means that Himuro-senpai met this person 13 years ago.
The logic doesn't hold up.
Why are you competing with an elementary schooler?
She idolized Yukimura-senpai, and turned out the way she is now.
Besides, the important thing in that presentation
Then, without realizing it, she met him again and fell in love with him again!
wasn't how accurate the logic was,
it was how persuasive I found it.
The burden of proof lies with you, doesn't it?
Would you two just get married already?!
It's supposed to be joint research, isn't it?
I have something I want to say to the both of you.
The reason your research isn't progressing is because what you're doing isn't normal.
Let's do what's normal.
Let's send the two of you on a date.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
A date?
A date, huh?
Normal is best, after all.
When people fall in love, the first thing they do is go on dates to deepen their relationship.
That's normal, isn't it?
You have a point.
So, Kanade...
What is the definition of a date?
I knew this was coming!
Date: Definition 1
Kanade Kotonoha's Example
Kanade-kun.
Takahashi-sensei!
Hata-kun couldn't come after all.
I suppose that can't be helped. We'll be going with just us then.
Okay!
The venue for the science and math forum is a bit of a walk from here.
Okay.
It's a club activity, but I'm alone with him.
Is this a date? It is a date, isn't it? Yeah.
He might not think of it that way,
but since we're a male and female going out, just the two of us,
by my definition, it's a date!
O wind! Carry my feelings so that he might know them!
Now, this moment, will forever be held in my heart.
Just as flowers bloom, so will my love.
This wonderful time I spend with you...
Yes! Time as sweet as honey!
Kanade-chan. What's wrong?
Apologies. I just remembered something from my dark past.
But, well, a date is generally
something where a man and a woman plan to do something together.
If it's a date, leave it to me,
to this man who lives by love.
Allow me to instruct you.
A date, you see, is...
Date: Definition 2
Inukai Kosuke's Example
When you think of a date, it's gotta be the amusement park, right?
Let's go, Kosuke!
Sure.
I can't believe you're scared of roller coasters.
What?
O-O-Of course I'm not scared!
I'm just supporting you because you're so freaked out!
I thought that might be it.
Thank you, Kosuke.
I'm glad we came together.
So am I.
Kosuke.
Kosuke-kun.
You're talking about a game, aren't you?
What?! How could you tell?
Aika
I'm glad we came...
There's no way this stupid otaku numskull would know anything about real life dates.
Wha?
Are you listening? This is what a date is...
Date: Definition 3
Ibarada Ena's Example
Why did you invite me today?
Well, why do you think?
Are you afraid?
Of course I'm not
Hey!
Who the heck are you? It's turned into a BL story!
Who is this man?
That's Himuro Ayami-kun.
He pours his passion into his research. A handsome science-type man.
Sagittarius. Blood type O.
Height, 186 cm. Weight, 70 kg.
He sees shadows of his childhood friend who died in his lab partner, Yukimura-kun.
Even as he suffers pangs of conscience, he can't stop his love from growing.
But, not knowing whether they are feelings
for the friend he lost or for Yukimura-kun, he suffers alone.
Then, when Yukimura-kun learns of Himuro-kun's confusion and pain,
he heads to the Okhotsk in the dead of winter.
That set-up is unnecessarily long!
Though it seems not all are dissatisfied.
Definition of Date If a man and a woman go somewhere alone, it's pretty much a date.
Generally, this includes meals, shopping, sight-seeing, watching movies, amusement parks, other attractions, enjoying a night view, etc.
Rather than the above-mentioned activities, using the activities to mutually confirm emotions is said to be the primary objective.
Specific Actions
Destination 1 Ex: Amusement Park
Haunted house When frightened by artificial ghosts, the other gender exhibits often observed. Opportunity for close contact is also increased, and
Coffee Cups It seems couples ride this
Summarizing gives us this, at the moment.
There's so much stuff to do!
Well, we could probably add another 20 to 30 items.
Considering it's us, we've held back quite a bit, don't you think?
Why is Kosuke-kun acting so cocky?
Very well.
If those in a state of love perform these actions,
then this experiment is worth doing.
Let's begin planning immediately.
Yes. Good. Just like that. Please do!
Cosmo Land
Park Map
In order to visit every destination in the most efficient manner,
we must construct the optimal route for our date!
What?
The entrance is the start point and there are 22 destinations.
Which order would be the fastest, do you think?
This is your area of research, right, Kanade?
The traveling salesman problem!
Traveling Salesman Problem
The traveling salesman problem!
Or... the Traveling Salesman Problem!
It sounds cooler that way, doesn't it, bear?
In short, when a suspicious salesman wants to go to 100 places to push his wares,
he wants to figure out what route is the fastest.
That's what this problem is about, bear.
If you went and straight up calculated every single course,
even if you used a supercomputer,
the number of years it'd take would have about 140 zeros after it, bear.
It's a difficult problem with no absolute correct answer.
Using specialist jargon to say it in a cool way, it's NP-hard, bear.
Which is why...
Many methods of solving it are currently being researched, bear, but
this explanation is getting to be too much work, bear.
If you want to know more, then look it up yourself, bear!
If the course is to be of practical use,
then it should be perfectly possible to calculate.
Um...
Is there really any need to be that efficient?
This way...
This way...
we can conduct more experiments!
we can go to more date spots!
Distance.
1,325.06.
They're the same.
Which means this is the most appropriate travel route.
Yup. Too bad.
Distance, 1,299.46.
You two still have a long way to go.
You little...! What method did you use?
An angle adjusted tabu search.
Angles? Where did you find that?
Well, it was a pretty minor paper.
All right, now.
We're moving on to the next stage!
The next...?
What is that?
Now that the date plan has been decided,
Yukimura-senpai, you need to officially invite Himuro-senpai to go on a date with you!
Is there any point to that action?
We've already decided we're doing the experiment.
Right, Himuro?
What?
Nothing. It's fine.
Himuro...
Um... you know...
Would you...want to...
go on a date with me?
What are you saying?
That's already definite.
Next time, Proof 4.
Next Time
Proof 4 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Going on a Date.
Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Going on a Date.
