Good work today!
A drinking party.
An indispensable and much-anticipated event in college life.
Talking with people you get along with.
Your first alcoholic drink.
And...
Kanade-chan, your face is all red.
Is it? I'm not very good with alcohol...
You okay? What do you say the two of us go talk somewhere or something?
All right.
Are you all right, Kanade?
Shall we discuss prime numbers or something?
It's amazing they solved the Poincare conjecture without using topology.
Though that kind of thing...
I agree.
isn't something you could ever hope for here in the Ikeda lab...
Their thinking in using Thurston's geometrization conjecture was truly beautiful.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Proof 7 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Having a Drinking Party.
Good work today!
This school year is half over,
and we've arrived at this year's summer vacation, have we?
I'm finally free.
Oh, that's right. Kosuke-kun, you had to retake computational theory, didn't you?
Did you do all right on the test?
Huh?
I-I think I probably did fine...
Today, we're having a party to celebrate the end of first semester classes.
In the Ikeda lab, we don't go to a restaurant,
we have the party in the lab.
We all go shopping together...
Pick out the alcohol...
One more can should fit in here.
Haven't you heard of the sphere packing problem?
Packing them like this is the most efficient method.
Order pizza...
Yes! Iberico ham! This is awesome!
Really...?
The pizza toppings are chosen using a randomized
selection program we've made ourselves. It's tradition.
Everyone brings in things they like.
We eat and drink...
It's a relaxed kind of drinking party, like being at home.
Yukimura-senpai, would you like some too? Wait, huh?
Senpai, you don't drink?
I don't really like it.
I see...
Alcohol dulls the workings of the mind.
Why would anyone choose to purposely proceed towards idiocy?
W-Well...
Opinion is divided on the moderate consumption of alcohol, isn't it?
Though, I suppose it just shows that Yukimura-kun is still just a child.
And you should exercise moderation.
If you get any dumber it would be a very serious matter.
They sure get along well.
Oh, right. Kanade, you weren't at the party we had in April, were you?
That's right. Actually, this is my first party here in the lab.
Last time was a disaster.
Torasuke went off and drank way too much spirytus, and
Hey! Pipsqueak woman!
Looks like you're out of alcohol!
Shall I pour you some more?
All right!
I have wiped last time from my memory!
Let's get this party started!
That's how people are at the soccer club drinking parties.
It makes him stick out here, though.
Now, then. Shall we do that old standard?
The Yamanote line game!
Um... 101!
113.
131.
179.
What's this, Kosuke?
You can't remember a single one of the prime numbers up to 358?
How'm I supposed to know those?
How can you pop out prime numbers like that?
Prime Number Yamanote Line Game
The prime number Yamanote line game!
Among science-type drinking parties, this may or may not be a standard.
The rules are simple.
You go in order, naming prime numbers,
and whoever gets stuck or gives an answer that's already been given loses, bear.
However, it has to be a number higher than the last,
and less than double the last answer, as an additional challenge, bear.
If you're wondering why double...
it's because if you double any given prime,
there will always be at least one prime between the first number and the doubled one.
Why is it that way, you ask?
The BertrandChebyshev theorem
That's too much work to explain,
so go look up the BertrandChebyshev theorem for yourself, bear.
Um...
I don't quite understand, but...
Are prime numbers really that interesting?
You...
You're a science-type and you don't understand the magnificence of prime numbers?
I'm sorry! I haven't studied enough!
Force of Impact
Don't snap because of something like that.
It's normal not to understand.
A number which cannot be divided by anything but one and itself.
The atoms of numbers...
Prime numbers.
The rules behind their sequence are a complete mystery.
They are a code created by God.
They are blueprint left by aliens.
There are some who believe such things.
It is a fact that in the natural world,
there are many laws which involve prime numbers.
In America, in years that are prime, great quantities of seminars on primes spring up.
Numerical formulas concerning the way primes appear,
and the intervals between big discoveries in nuclear energy
seem to coincide for some reason.
One problem involving unraveling the mysteries of prime numbers
is the greatest unsolved problem in the world of mathematics.
It's called the Riemann Hypothesis.
If you solve it, you receive a prize of 1 million dollars.
One million dollars?!
As an aside, currently, the highest known prime number
is 23,249,425 digits long.
Updated 12/21/2018! hhh24,862,048 digits!!
That's amazing!
Anyone who confirms a higher number receives a prize of 3,000 dollars.
Wow...
But, Himuro-senpai,
it's amazing you can explain so well when you've had a few drinks.
Of course I can.
At any given moment,
being dignified, calm, and intellectual...
is the science-type I hope to become.
minutes later.
minute later.
I wuv you, Yukimura-kun!
Intellectual...?
Himuro does tend to suddenly get super drunk.
I'm so happy for you. Your love's been proven.
You can't use the words of a drunk as reference!
That's why I said to exercise moderation.
This is exactly why alcohol is...
Say, say, Yukimura-kun...
Uh... What?
A kiss of the highest theoretical value... please.
Wha?
I-I can't right now.
Trying to increase the mood value here would be...
Why not?
Do it! Do it!
Yukimura-kun!
Are you a child?
I never expected Himuro-senpai to be like this when she gets drunk...
Drink really does drive men mad...
Kosuke-kun,
you should be careful not to act like you're with club members and drink too much...
I'm gonna marry Ena-chan!
You, too?!
Sometimes when Torasuke drinks too much,
he reverts back to about first grade.
Ena-chan, you won't move away?
You really won't move away?
Yes, yes. I'm not going anywhere.
I'll stay with you forever.
Yay!
What's so funny, Kanade?!
Nothing. It's just your parties here are kind of nice.
Everyone does whatever they want.
They go crazy however they like.
And... I'm a little jealous of that...
I still can't...
minutes later.
minute later.
minutes later.
Quit flirting all day every day, you ridiculous couple!
So she's a berserker-type, too, then.
What do you mean proof of love?
Do you know how many people want someone to be with and can't find anyone?!
Kanade... Let's calm down a little...
Stop talking!
You know, I just wanted to be like a normal girl and have a normal love, but...
I wuv you, too, Kanade-chan!
Well... Seeing as it's you, I'm sure you can.
For right now, have some water.
I said, stop talking!
I wanted to be a normal girl, you know?!
Not some gorilla girl who reflexively attacks people standing behind her!
Otherwise, back in high school, that never would have...
What on earth happened to her?
I read the atmosphere, blend in with my surroundings...
Being normal... is best.
Ridiculous.
Imagine me, of all people, drinking too much...
Starting partway through, I don't have any memory of what happened...
Me neither.
I have the feeling I did something crazy, but...
Well, not remembering would be the prudent thing to do.
As I thought, not imbibing alcohol was the correct course of action.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Science-type Cinderella
Once upon a time,
there was a science-type girl called Cinderella.
Are you listening, Cinderella?
We are going to the ball. You clean the house from top to bottom.
Clean every nook and cranny, until no speck of dust remains.
A moment, Mother.
Your extravagant merrymaking is putting a strain on our family finances.
And, based on your appearances and the size of your clothing,
in terms of cost-performance, I conjecture it would be better to send me.
S-Silence!
With a single wave of the fairy godmother's wand...
in the blink of an eye, a beautiful dress and pumpkin carriage appeared.
You should take those and head to the ball.
Oh. By the way, it's only effective until midnight. Good luck with it.
This is amazing! What kind of system are you using?
What about the law of conservation of mass?
You know of a few things yourself, don't you?
What?
Phenomena to which the law of conservation of mass doesn't apply.
It can't be...!
What an intellectual-looking...
Will you dance with me?
Of course, my prince.
What's wrong?
I'm sorry, my prince!
I have to go back!
Before 1256 Greenwich Mean Time!
What?!
Because the fairy godmother told me that the condition was before the clock strikes midnight.
Each strike of the bell takes approximately 6.5-7 seconds. Repeated eight times...
gives the 56 seconds!
Please, wait!
Who was she?
My prince, do not be too disheartened.
If you look for a woman whose foot fits that glass slipper perfectly...
Contact the National Forensic Science Research Center immediately!
Thoroughly investigate the inner surfaces of this shoe.
Conduct DNA comparisons!
To all the women in the kingdom,
issue a proclamation ordering them to submit somatic cell samples!
That's our prince for you!
From the skin cells discovered in the glass slippers, DNA was extracted.
Using a list of possible culprits and the somatic cell samples that had been collected,
inquiries were conducted.
In this way, Cinderella was soon reunited with her prince.
It was truly a victory for modern science.
Hold on a minute!
Kanade-chan? Did you have a question?
Um... I'm not even sure where to start...
If I had to say how all of this started...
Torasuke's gotta be asleep.
There's no helping it.
Shall we start with just us then?
As for the timekeeper... Kanade, you do it.
All right.
The round-robin kiss experiment we conducted last time,
and the accompanying mood quantification experiment,
have progressed our research tremendously.
However, for this research to develop further,
we will need even more data than before.
Which is why, in order to find ways to find proof of love,
I'd like everyone to offer ideas and examine them from all angles.
I have one!
What if we look at romantic movies, dramas and the like,
and imitate the frequently found situations?
We might suddenly be struck by something that could lead to proving love.
If we use creative works as references, can we really hope to find realistic data?
To begin with, contemporary television does not investigate its sources,
and, in some cases, still broadcasts the information as truth.
The credibility of informational media is suspect.
From the many informational media sources,
individuals should make their own decisions based on diverse...
Oh.
This is an I don't watch TV kind of thing, isn't it?
Then, what about romantic novels?
Of the romantic novels you've read,
are there any situations we could use as reference?
Huh? Well, um...
Uh...
Then what about fairy tales?
Snow White, The Little Mermaid... That kind of thing.
Even you must know those, right?
That's way too juvenile, isn't it?
Fairy tales meant for children, is it?
But, in this particular case, it might not be a bad method.
Huh? You're okay with this?
For example, Snow White is woken from a sleep caused
by a poison apple by a passing prince and they are married.
The two had just met. How could they have arrived at romantic love?
If we inspect the primary factors leading to that,
in due course, we will find proof of love.
You know. I think it's because they're a princess and prince.
It's true. Kanade-chan has a point.
But if we analyze it from a different perspective,
we might make a new discovery.
For example, in the case of Cinderella...
from a contemporary perspective,
the events of Cinderella might unfold in this manner, I think it's valid to say.
I know we're analyzing it, but why did you make red marks in the story?
Huh? Oh. There were things that bothered me...
It's true, as Himuro has indicated,
there are several unrealistic points in Cinderella.
Of course there are! It's fiction!
Um...
The agenda today was, Let's find proof of love!
It wasn't about pointing out weirdness in fairy tales.
But if it were Kaguya-hime, what would happen?
Well, let's see. If it were Kaguya-hime, then...
Science-type Kaguya-hime
Once upon a time,
there lived a science-type man called Okina the bamboo cutter.
One day, in a bamboo grove...
What's this?
Is it some kind of bioluminescence?
And there laid a small, beautiful science-type girl!
Okina rejoiced greatly.
A tiny human approximately 10 centimeters in height!
This is an historical taxonomical discovery!
I'm not lying! I'll bring it with me immediately!
Should I put it in formaldehyde?
She was given the name Kaguya-hime,
and she soon grew into a beautiful science-type woman.
Rumors of her drew many suitors to the beautiful young lady.
When n3, prove that x, y, z cannot be positive whole numbers.
Now, I will marry any intellectual who can solve this problem.
Suitor who isn't good at math
A math problem?
Okay. All I need to do is ask the mathematician next door!
Suitor who's average at math
This woman has no intention of marrying!
Suitor who's average at math
Suitor who is good at math
I'm sorry, Okina-kun.
I must return to the moon.
This can't be true.
Organisms can live there?
Farewell, Okina-kun!
Three... two... one...
W-Wait, please!
Ignition.
Kaguya-hime!
And so Kaguya-hime returned to the moon.
When n3, prove that x, y, z cannot be positive whole numbers.
But this problem Kaguya-hime and Pierre de Fermat left behind
was one that even the most brilliant couldn't solve.
Time passed, and then in 1955,
here in the land where Kaguya-hime once lived,
two Japanese mathematicians had a great impact on the solving of this problem.
Shimura Gorou
Taniyama Yutaka
Now, the history of number theory begins to move again...
Fermat's Last Theorem The Problem of an EraA 360 year battle The bafflement continues
Right. There is no continuation. That's the end. We're done.
Oh! And that's time, too, so...
We'll end the discussion here.
Good work everyone.
Today's romance research made... zero progress.
But it might be all right to have days like this, too.
Kaguya-hime became a woman of marriageable age in three months, correct?
If we suppose that age to be 18 years, then
her maturation speed is 72 times that of humans.
Hold on, Yukimura-kun.
When you consider the time period in which it's set,
a marriageable age isn't eighteen.
An age of 15 would be more appropriate.
Which would make the speed of maturation 60 times normal.
At any rate, she shouldn't have returned to the moon.
She should have been examined as a specimen.
Bonus.
Science-type Crane Returns a Favor
Once upon a time,
on a cold winter's day,
a lone, penniless science-type man found a crane caught in a trap.
That's a Japanese crane.
I thought it was supposed to be an endangered species...
To preserve the ecosystem, he helped it and set it free.
That night...
Is anyone there?
Who is it?
I've lost my way.
Might I stay here for a while?
There stood a very beautiful woman.
As the science-type man had built up no immunity to women,
he was greatly astonished.
To think I'm alone with such a beautiful woman!
I have no idea what to talk about!
Hesitantly, the science-type man
began to speak about Zermelo's axiom of choice with the woman.
For some reason, the woman listened with what seemed to be great enjoyment.
And then...
I am going to use a loom in this room to weave.
Please, don't ever peek in here.
After saying that, the woman closed herself in the room.
Three days later, she had completed a piece of incredibly beautiful fabric.
A-Are you all right?
Because it's for you, I did my best.
After that, the woman continued to weave,
Popular
1580x300 pixels Super high definition printed fabric
and the beautiful fabric sold for an incredibly high price.
How is she managing to weave things with such high precision?
An air jet loom?!
So, you've seen...
Main Nozzle
The thread and compressed air are shot from the main nozzle.
Lead
Warp threads
It's a system which allows for rapid weaving without a shuttle.
Weft threads
Auxiliary sub-nozzles
I have actualized a mechanism which allows 1000 weft threads a minute.
I was worried about the power supply,
but I managed to solve that by melting snow
and installing a hydroelectric power generator.
You're incredible!
I'm sorry for hiding it.
The truth is, I'm a science-type woman...
And now that you know what kind of woman I am...
What intellect...
Will you marry me?
What?
And so, the science-type man and woman were married.
Later, their improved air jet loom
caused a revolution in the weaving and textiles industry.
They became very wealthy and lived happily...
The End.
ever after.
Next Time
Proof 8 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried to Gather Proof of Love.
Next time, Proof 8.
Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried to Gather Proof of Love.
