Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Proof 10 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Giving Presentations.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
It really is lovely.
I'm sure the beauty index here is firmly over 90.
We're staying in such a nice hotel!
Yes. We should be grateful to Yamamoto-senpai.
Oh! The bathroom is pretty, too!
In a place as beautiful as this...
If I were able to have close contact with Yukimura-kun...
Yukimura-kun...
No, no, no.
No matter how you look at it, it's still much too soon for
Coming!
I'll be imposing on your hospitality.
Yukimura-kun...
It's late... Why...?
You must know, Himuro.
What we were unable to achieve this afternoon...
We have to do it now.
I'm coming in.
Wait, wait, wait...
Really? Here?
I'm not emotionally prepared yet...
Huh?
No!
How many times must I say it before you understand?
You need to pause for 2.42 seconds there!
When I get nervous, I start talking faster!
Do you think you'll be able to make it through the presentations like that?
Now. Again!
And anyway!
I get it.
Is there really a need to accurately measure the pause to the decimal point?
Kanade-chan has her presentation tomorrow.
What?
Anything less is unacceptable. Try it again!
But our experiment is...
Times you want to snuggle close +1
Times you want to hug +!
I want to touch you...
I want to dive into your arms.
But I can't...
even though you're so close...
To think it hurts this much...
Could it be that this is...
what is called love?
National University Corporation Shurijou University
Student population
Undergraduates 6,840 persons
Grad Students 815 persons
Total 7,655 persons
Staff Faculty 2,101 persons
Campus Footprint hhhhhhhhhAbove ground 1,213,161 m2 hhhhhhhhBasement floors 141,196 m2
Total 1,354,357 m2
I did have this feeling yesterday, but...
I knew it.
Times I wanted to snuggle close to Yukimura-kun
My emotion counter.
My I want to snuggle close to Yukimura-kun count...
showed a rapid increase starting at 8:13 AM yesterday.
At that time,
we were on the plane, and I forbade any physical contact in front of others.
Which means that this...
Psychological reactance.
When you're told to study, it makes you not want to study...
When you're told, don't ever look, it makes you want to look...
It's the state in which being told not to do something,
makes you want to do it even more.
For any human, it is a natural impulse.
Which means...
My desire to nuzzle my forehead into Yukimura-kun's chest,
is not, necessarily, because I love him.
I nearly based my decision on supposition.
That would make me a failure as a science-type.
When these presentations come to an end, we will have free time.
We will have plenty of opportunities for physical contact.
I just have to hold on until then.
Right now, the first thing I need to do is watch over the underclassmen's presentations.
We came all the way to Okinawa and we're stuck here.
Um... Himuro-senpai...
D-Do I have to present in front of all these people?
I'm really not good at talking in front of big crowds...
Today, we have a total of seven people presenting, I see.
Now, if the first person would like to proceed...
Huh?
Kanade-chan, isn't that...
He's someone who talked to us on the beach yesterday, right?
So he's here for the lab training camp, too...
Seeking Nash Equilibrium in Non-Cooperative Games Comprised of Large Numbers of People Through Implementation of Tabu Search Principles Tokyo University of Science Technology, department of mathematical information science and engineering, Kanou lab Shikijou Naoya
So...
Seeking Nash Equilibrium in Non-Cooperative Games Comprised of Large Numbers of People
Through Implementation of Tabu Search Principles...
is the title.
I'm from the Tokyo University of Science and Technology.
My name is Shikijou Naoya, and I'll be giving this presentation.
Yikes! I don't even understand the title!
First, I'll start by explaining Nash equilibrium.
When the number of players in a non-cooperative game is n,
we will call player 1's strategy P.
At this point, there are many ways to construct strategy P.
The probability of any given action is p1, p2...
Nash Equilibrium
When the number of players in a non-cooperative game is n,
Player 1's strategy (probability distribution) p
Player 2's strategy (probability distribution) q
continuing to pm.
The value of p1 is greater than 0,
Wh-Wh-What do I do? I have no idea what he's talking about!
and adding all values from p1 through pm equals 1.
Himuro-senpai, do you understand this?
In the same way, let us consider player 2's strategy q.
I understand the gist. But this is...
With strategy q
Excuse me.
May I ask a question?
Oh... Please do.
It's about using a tabu search when what you're looking for is Nash equilibrium...
The tabu search is a commonly used method, correct?
Was there no similar research?
Um, probably...
Yes. With regards to games with large numbers of players.
Then, why choose to go with a tabu search?
What? That's...
There are many instances where multiple Nash equilibriums exist.
A genetic search type algorithm, which can run simultaneous searches,
would seem to be more effective here.
What merit does a tabu search present?
Well... it's...
I can't understand any of this conversation.
May I ask a question, too?
Yes.
I'm not familiar with this field, so I apologize for asking a layman's question.
In what way does seeking Nash equilibrium prove useful?
Shikijou-kun.
If you can't answer, then you must clearly say that you don't know.
Height: 182 cm Weight: 83 kg
Blood type: O
Hobbies: Kendo
Favorite foods: Chilled tofu Favorite phrase: Look carefully where your own footsteps fall Looks up to: Sakamoto Ryoma
Tokyo University of Science Technology, Dean of Mathematical Information Science and Engineering Kanou Seijuushi
Consuming time with your silence is despicable.
I'm sorry. I don't know.
I did say, didn't I?
That you should investigate and become familiar with the points just raised...
That if you didn't understand, you should come ask me...
That you should understand and prepare before presenting...
You have been negligent.
What have you been researching? For what purpose?
If you can't even explain that basic essence,
then you have been entirely too lax in your studies.
It is disrespectful to those here in attendance.
We'll call this an end to your presentation.
That's terrifying!
They punch you that full of holes at presentations?
Well, when you're not prepared, that kind of stuff happens.
Don't worry, Kanade-chan.
You practiced a lot yesterday, right?
But...
Now, the next presenter, Inukai Kosuke-kun. If you would, please.
Now that it's come to this...
I've just gotta go for it!
The man's man, Inukai Kosuke...
is gonna blast his way right through this!
Romance Visual Novel Games with Choices NP-hardness Saitama University Science Engineering Graduate Course, Department of Mathematics, Electronics, and Information Inukai Kosuke Ikeda Kashin
Ikeda Lab, 4th year student, Inukai Kosuke.
The title of my presentation is,
Romance Visual Novel Games with Choices NP-hardness.
So, that being that...
Sure
Maybe not today...
Dieee
When you pick something that makes Aika happy, like this...
Then, let's go!
No dawdling now!
Your likability level, an in-game barometer, increases.
Likability +5
And...
if, in this branching story, you want to pick the route with the highest likability value,
Game Start
Choice 1
Yes
No
Ignore and Pass By
Choice 2
Go to the Park
Go to School
Choice 3
Choice 4
Go to Roof
Go to Class
Choice 5
Help Her
Happy End
Choice 6
Leave it to Teacher; Return to Classroom
Stay a Little Longer
Abandon Her
Choice 7
and successfully arrive at Aika's True Ending, then...
Start
Goal
Critical Path Problem
this game is the same as what's known as a longest path problem.
This type of problem has been proven to be NP-hard.
Longest Path Problems
Longest path problems!
Shortest Path Problems
Shortest path problems!
Tokyo
Akabane
It's a problem where you calculate the shortest path from start to goal, bear.
See? It's like that thing you stupid humans use on the Internet all the time, bear
It's super easy for a computer, bear.
Then, what if, instead, you looked for the longest route?
Tokyo
Akabane
That's right. This is a longest path problem.
It's a super hard problem that even baffles computers, bear.
Just like the traveling salesman problem, people call this NP-hard.
It's a crazy problem, bear!
That's right.
Adult games are NP-hard.
Finding the approximate solution should be our next challenge!
This guy's amazing!
He's seriously researching adult games...
He's a hero, in so many different ways...
Excuse me.
May I ask a question?
Please do.
I am not familiar with this field,
so I apologize if this is a layman's question, but...
in what way does this research possibly prove useful?
It's super useful for me!
If I could find an effective way to quickly complete any romance game,
nothing could possibly make me any happier!
There's no point if it only is of use to you, is there?
Shouldn't you do some more serious research?
What?
I'm super serious about this.
What is it you don't like about it?
I am saying that researching romance games is not useful.
Are you listening? We are in engineering.
The foundational ideal of engineering is
to develop effective technology for the sake of humanity.
That is the greatest difference between this and the natural sciences.
That is why our research must, in the end,
be something which contributes to society.
Huh?
Um, excuse me... Professor Kaku.
This research theme was one I suggested to him...
Games are useful!
They are fun! They are emotionally moving!
They are a contemporary form of entertainment!
For me, they're what I live for!
Pretty much every student in here has played a game, right?
And there's gotta be some adult gamers here, too!
It's technology which has entertained all these people!
Your research has nothing to do with the creation of games.
You're simply looking for a methodology which facilitates easier gameplay, right?
That's right!
Lately, pro gamers have emerged...
e-sports are international competitions...
This is an age where play-by-play gamers hold live events at Budoukan!
Even those who are on the consumer side of games,
depending on how they play, can find all kinds of value in them.
That's the age we live in.
And I believe that one day...
my research will be useful to someone!
Not to mention,
looking down on adult games like that is unforgivable, baldy!
Baldy?
You! Take more care with your words.
Not bad, Torasuke.
We will now take a ten minute break.
If the next presenter would please set up.
Right. Now, if we connect this computer, the output should...
Hm?
What's wrong, Kanade?
Yukimura-senpai... I...
I don't feel like I can do this.
That research seemed super complicated and it wasn't good enough.
Compared to that, my research isn't anywhere near...
You're worrying too much.
Your presentation will be
I can't.
It's not good enough.
Presenting in front of all those people... I can't...
Calm down a little, Kanade.
I can't present...
If everyone thinks I'm weird...
I can't take any more of that...
Hey, Kanade!
It's just about time to start the presentations.
Next is Kanade, huh?
She seemed pretty freaked out back there. You think she's okay?
I'll go see how she's doing.
I'm not worried about Kanade-chan's presentation.
That Yukimura-kun drilled her pretty hard, after all.
Yukimura-kun...
Oh, honestly!
A little more self-control, please.
Once the presentations are over,
I can have lots of physical contact with Yukimura-kun. All right?
With Yukimura-kun...
Hey.
Pull yourself together, Kanade!
I can't... I can't...
I can't present in front of all those people...
You're leaving me no choice...
If I try, I'll only fail...
Kanade-chan. Yukimura-ku
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Wh-Wh-What are you doing?
And you, don't suddenly unleash the force of your fists...
It was an experiment run by Leslie Seltzer of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Huh?
Sixty-one girls aged 7 to 12 were made to give a speech in front of a large crowd.
Afterwards, their mothers embraced them,
comforting them through physical contact.
As a result, their oxytocin levels increased,
Direct Contact with Mother Phone Call with Mother (no contact) Nothing Done
and their stress hormone, cortisol, dropped significantly.
I simply emulated the experiment.
I-I see...
Wait!
That worked when their mothers did it!
Would you really suddenly hug an underclassman girl like that usually?
There wasn't anyone else here! I had no choice!
And it's your fault for being so extraordinarily frightened!
Why are you putting it like that? I'll report you to the police!
Not to mention, what were you planning to do if Himuro-senpai saw you doing this?
That would be... terrible, but...
That has nothing to do with this, does it?
Yes, it does!
Excuse me... If you could start your presentation...
Oh! Yes! I'll be right there!
Oh, for crying out loud.
All that nervous tension disappeared.
If you can make such a fuss about it, I doubt you'll have any problems.
That senpai really has a sharp tongue, and he has no tact at all...
and he's unreasonable in everything he does...
Wear this.
It's armor.
Armor?
You've heard of the halo effect.
If you wear a lab coat, even you will look slightly more intelligent.
What's that supposed to mean?!
Do not forget.
Dressed in a lab coat, a symbol of wisdom,
you have spent your days in diligent study as a member of the Ikeda Lab.
And, you know more about your research theme than anyone here.
Okay. Don't let yourself lose to them!
Saitama University, Ikeda Lab, Kanade Kotonoha. I will now present.
Variable Latency Traveling Salesman Problem: a Proposal
Kanade Kotonoha Ikeda Lab Saitama University Science Engineering Graduate Course, Department of Mathematics, Electronics, and Information
My title is, Variable Latency Traveling Salesman Problem: a Proposal.
I'm scared... but...
I'm okay.
Yukimura-senpai made me practice until I couldn't take any more.
My mouth and body will just move on their own.
Variable Latency Traveling Salesman Problem: a Proposal
Kanade Kotonoha Ikeda Lab Saitama University Science Engineering Graduate Course, Department of Mathematics, Electronics, and Information
We're for
realz
First, if you'll please look at this photo.
A-Are you sure?
I can show this picture without any set-up?
It makes no difference to me. First, you need to astound them.
This is a picture of my two senpai from last month when they went on an amusement park date.
They sincerely and wholeheartedly wanted to enjoy their date,
so they calculated the most efficient way to
Cosmo Land Park Map
visit all the rides at the park, the optimal date course.
They utilized the traveling salesman problem.
Visiting every single destination in turn and returning to the start point.
The problem is calculating the shortest route.
It's a quintessential optimization problem,
and many methods of solving it have been proposed.
Yeah. You use that for dates, right?
No one uses it like that...
However, the date in question was very complicated...
There were wait times for the rides...
120 minute wait
and their plans were thrown into great disarray.
That's when they looked at each destination again,
set up time slots for the wait times,
Wait Times
Time
Magnum Coaster
Super Carts
Giant Swing Pirates
min
min
min
and used them to recalculate the route with the shortest time.
A new optimization problem,
the variable latency traveling salesman problem. That is my proposal.
Wait Times
Time
Magnum Coaster
Super Carts
Giant Swing Pirates
min
min
min
Formula addressing each attraction's wait time
Formula addressing each hhhhhattraction's wait timehhhhh
Using this problem, it's possible to calculate an even more viable date course.
I really believe there are limitations to using TSP to plan a date.
If you could at least add wait times into the calculation...
Then you should create that.
Huh?
Wow...
This seems like something you could really use at an amusement park, doesn't it?
May I ask a question?
Aren't there any countermeasures for questions?
If you have time to think of such cheap tricks,
then use that time to look into the previous research.
The professors aren't asking questions to disparage the students.
If you don't know something, say so.
Answer what is asked with sincerity and engage in discussion.
Please do.
Configuring the wait times at each location
requires all the wait times to be confirmed in advance.
Is it possible to assemble that data?
Well...
As you say, it is difficult to make perfect estimations.
However, in many cases, an amusement park's daily wait time data is stored.
Using that as the foundation...
If it's sunny on a weekend...
Magnum Coaster Wait Times
July July July July 13th (Fri) 14th (Sat) 15th (Sun) 16th (Mon)
On a weekday, it'll be about this much...
Things like that...
Well, I suppose that's the only thing you could do...
May I ask a question, as well?
Please do.
I do believe it is an interesting theme,
but was there no similar previous research?
Let's see...
In my research, I couldn't find any, but...
Really... Could there be one...
But, there was one...
that seemed similar when I read it.
The time dependent traveling salesman problem.
Magnum Coaster Wait Times
July July July July 13th (Fri) 14th (Sat) 15th (Sun) 16th (Mon)
Road will be closed in 5 minutes
Traffic jam
Very heavy traffic starting from 2 pm
No traffic right now!!
Which way should I go?
In this problem, the travel time from destination to destination
changes depending on the time.
It isn't the points that change,
it's the significance of the surroundings that change in this type of problem.
Oh! But this is just within the bounds of what I was able to investigate.
There may be similar research, but...
Could it be that you know of similar research?
If you have, I'd love to
Oh, no. It's nothing like that.
Kanade-kun, was it?
That's Ikeda's Lab for you.
It's only been four months since you joined, and yet...
You've really done your research.
Read these immediately. They are papers in your field.
They will be of use one day.
Yes. A nagging senpai has trained me very well.
The nagging wasn't necessary.
I'm sorry!
The exchange of opinions is very important, however,
calling a professor baldy isn't good.
I-I just got all fired up...
Inukai-kun, wasn't it?
Huh?
My, that was a wonderful debate, wasn't it?
It's been a long time since I've been so excited.
I haven't had a student snap back at my questions like that in quite some time.
It was very educational for me, as well.
I'm looking forward to your next presentation.
Yessir!
Yukimura-kun...
Himuro.
It's good that Kanade's presentation finished without any issues, don't you think?
Yukimura-kun.
What were you doing with Kanade-chan earlier?
Next Time
Proof 11 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Having a Fight.
Next time, Proof 11.
Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Having a Fight.
