It's finally here.
The Okinawa training camp.
The sun on this southern island is calling our names
First thing in the morning and my ears are ringing...
Why do airplanes take off so early in the morning?
Ibarada-senpai, you really aren't a morning person, are you?
Not really.
And since we've got a weird outsider with us, it's even more unpleasant.
That's not very friendly, Ena.
We haven't been together in so long.
Professor, why is this manga artist with us, anyway?
Huh? Because I thought having Yamamoto-kun along would be more fun.
Don't you think that's too much luggage just for those two?
I see we're all here.
Let's go.
Let's begin that experiment known as a training camp!
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
The beginning of a trip always makes my heart race a little.
Proof 9 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Attending a Training Camp in Okinawa.
Makes my heart race a little...
Press more closely against me.
Wait...
I will have your saliva now.
We can't. Not here.
E-Excuse me, I'm very sorry, but if you could please fasten your seat belts.
In that case, when the experiment is completed
I'm very sorry! They're pretty much done.
I apologize for the disturbance.
Yukimura-senpai!
Please don't conduct your experiments in public places!
Why not?
It may be necessary in order to measure oxytocin,
but even I wonder about the appropriateness in this instance.
What's so inappropriate?
Even if Himuro and I initiate close contact here,
it isn't as if it would cause problems for others.
People would assume I'm involved somehow,
and it would cause problems for me!
Does paying heed to the inane expectations of society come with some great benefit?
Force of Impact
As your concept of tact infinitely approaches zero,
Yukimura-kun, you may not understand this,
but it is difficult to conduct this in a public venue.
Physical contact experiments conducted in public view are forbidden.
Do you understand, Yukimura-kun?
I suppose that's fine. Tch.
What do I do?
For some reason, I feel like cuddling close to Yukimura-kun.
Now that physical contact is forbidden,
I find myself yearning for that sensation of pressing closely together.
No!
I was the one who said it!
I must restrain myself until we are somewhere out of public view.
But, you know...
It's amazing something this big can fly, isn't it?
How is it flying, anyway?
It's something about wind over the wings creating lift, right?
There are a lot of theories involving lift.
But, what's more important is...
The air flowing over the top and bottom of the wings flow at different speeds.
Faster Air Current
Slower Air Current
According to what's known as Bernoulli's principle,
Faster Air Current
Slower Air Current
Lift
this causes a difference in air pressure,
which pulls the wings upwards. It's the most common way of thinking about it.
I want to hug Yukimura-kun!
Circulating Currents
Direction of Travel
In flight, the wings create air currents which circulate in the vicinity,
Circulating Currents
Direction of Travel
that's what's known as the Kutta-Joukowski theorem...
I want press my forehead to Yukimura-kun and rub up against him!
According to that theorem, the air flowing over the top of the wings
travels faster than the air currents below the wings for that reason.
And, according to Bernoulli's theorem,
Low Pressure
the faster the air current, the lower the pressure,
and the slower the current, the greater the pressure.
High Pressure
That difference of pressure works to lift the wings...
Yukimura-kun! Yukimura-kun!
And then...
they become one!
That ending wasn't right.
You should know they don't become one.
Why would you say something like that?
You're horrible, Yukimura-kun!
Why?
Bernoulli's Principle
Bernoulli's Principle.
First, take a tissue and stick it to your forehead.
and look straight down, bear.
If you exhale gently, for some reason I don't understand,
the tissue gets sucked toward your breath, bear.
Evidently, the science behind the phenomenon also allows airplanes to fly, bear.
It's super exhausting, but you stupid humans should give it a try, bear.
And... I'm out of oxygen!
We're here!
It's my first time here, but it really is a southern land!
Kanadecchi!
Are you wondering why there are palm trees? Allow this master of Okinawa to explain!
It's because...
this place is Okinawa.
That's why!
That's amazing!
It's because palms grow in subtropical climates, isn't it?
The ocean in Okinawa really is this blue! It's beautiful!
This isn't a view we'd see in the Kanto area.
I believe the blue of the ocean in Okinawa
is due to things like coral and shells turning into chalky white sand, right?
Because when pale colors combine with blue, they make very pretty colors.
Really...
I hear that the Kuroshiro current, which flows near Okinawa...
is low in plankton, which is another factor in it being very clear.
Still, I was really surprised!
It's my first time staying in such a gorgeous, beautiful hotel like this!
It's amazing you got this place on that pitiful training camp budget.
About that...
Actually, Yamamoto-kun paid the difference for us!
What?
That's right. I wanted everyone to stay somewhere nice.
Seriously? Are you some kind of goddess?
Th-Thank you very much!
That must have been quite a sum...
Don't worry.
Losing hope in tomorrow's financial future,
Tears of Blood
and surviving on bean sprouts and flour is something I'm quite used to.
Don't spend what you don't have!
If my poor savings can, by vanishing,
secure a lovely place to stay and improve the mood in the evenings,
allowing me to see something interesting, then...
I'll consider it an investment.
I know this person very well,
but the rest of you should be careful.
Huh?
If it's for her manga, this manga artist really will do whatever it takes.
You make me sound horrible, silly Ena.
The blue sea of a southern island...
The sound of waves crashing...
And among it all, Aika...
in your bathing suit, you outshine all the others.
Playing with dolls on the beach is new.
Aika is not a doll!
Even for you, Yukimura-senpai,
there are things you should and shouldn't say
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Oh!
I bought us some drinks.
Thanks!
I'm sorry! I know we took forever...
Himuro-senpai. Come on. Hurry up!
Oh, Kanade-chan...
It suits you very well.
Yukimura-senpai?
What is it? Yukimura-kun, does something look weird?
No. Not particularly.
I can't look directly at her!
So this is that thing called a swimsuit?
How can I put it...
Himuro looks 2.34 times more beautiful than usual!
E-Everything's okay, right?
It doesn't look weird, does it?
I haven't worn a swimsuit since elementary school...
What does he think?
I wish that man would just say something!
Taking in this much UV is gonna make me melt.
I see you're as big an indoor-type as ever.
'Kay, then!
Should we make this area the Ikeda lab encampment?
All you men look quite nice, as well.
It's true...
Seeing Yukimura-kun in a bathing suit is different and new...
Under the midsummer sun, Yukimura-kun's pale skin shines and sparkles...
Yes. It's just as though...
Yukimura, you're way too pale.
You're like a reflector board.
You're as pale as I am!
Well, yeah, but guys are a level plane in front, so it's even more like...
It's because you hole up and only do research.
Excels in study and sport
Reflector board
Soccer club
From a distance, he shines even brighter, doesn't he?
He really does...
Silence!
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Beautiful women in bathing suits is a wonderful thing.
Wonder who's gonna take one of'em home...
Yuuichi-kun, you're really amazing...
It's like it's super easy to tell you're an enemy to all women...
Drinks
Huh?
You're not in any position to talk about others, Shikijou.
Come on.
You should try talking to girls once in a while, too.
Shaved Ice
Those two look pretty good.
Hey, ladies.
Yes?
Nothing!
I wonder what that was about...
That man... I feel like I've seen him somewhere before...
Himuro-kun! Kanade-kun!
We're starting the watermelon splitting game.
All right.
Okay!
Okay. I've set it.
Let the watermelon splitting commence!
All right! Bring on the directions!
Given that you're standing on the start point and you're facing the imaginary axis,
the watermelon is at 2+3i.
Huh? What's that mean?
Kosuke-kun, she's talking about a complex plane.
Forward 3i.
Right 2. That's how you have to move.
Forward 3i? What's that even mean?
You don't remember complex numbers? Really?
As a science-type, aren't you embarrassed?
I feel like there's a bigger problem with the directions here,
but do I go right two steps or two meters? Add a unit, at least!
Here, right?!
Not good enough, Torasuke.
A real science-type would have been able to split the watermelon with that.
Was it here?!
Over here, right?!
With that, next it's your turn, Professor Ikeda.
This is actually the first time I've played the watermelon splitting game.
I wonder if I'll be able to do it right.
The watermelon is at 3+7i.
Go!
Oh! I managed to split it!
It was just where you said it was, Ibarada-kun.
Are you surprised, Kosuke-kun?
It's true 3+7i doesn't tell you the distance to the watermelon,
but a complex plane isn't any different than a regular graph.
Imaginary Axis
Real Axis
From the ration 3:7, we learn that the watermelon sits along an angle of about 67.
approx.
Which meant that if I followed the angle in a straight line,
I'd be sure to find the watermelon.
Now that you've heard, it's simple, isn't it?
No...
That's not what we're surprised about!
Huh?
Where are Himuro-senpai and Yukimura-senpai?
I saw them go into the shade of those rocks.
They're probably getting things started about now.
No one can see us here, agreed?
Let's do it... the close physical contact experiment...
I can finally cuddle close to Yukimura-kun.
I'm happy about that, but...
When I think about it rationally...
close contact in these clothes... Isn't this a little crazy?
Hold on just a second...
I'm going to have close contact with this Himuro?
She's in a bathing suit! This degree of exposure...
The direct skin to skin contact area isn't comparable to everyday amounts.
On top of which, in order to produce the hormone,
it's best for the contact to be as close and tight as possible.
As close and tight as possible!
I'm going to hydrate a bit.
I collected so much saliva, my mouth is dry.
A-And I've remembered something I forgot to enter into the calculation...
Delicious
Delicious
Oh, honestly!
I want to cuddle close to him, but I feel so embarrassed right now!
Oh, what am I supposed to do?
How am I supposed to have close contact with her?
With a Himuro who's 2.34 times more beautiful than normal?
I think the stimulus might be a little too strong for Yukimura-kun.
That's where you're just supposed to go and grab her!
The two of them in swimsuits, embracing...
It would be so exciting, but...
What are all of you doing here?
For crying out loud.
Don't worry, Yukimura-senpai.
Everyone feels a little lost their first time. That's just how it is.
What are you talking about?
Those swimsuits are going to waste!
I fully support you two in your close physical contact.
Let's think about what kind of contact would be best!
A Couple's Greatest Close Contact Problem When two people have close physical contact, they should seek a position which offers the greatest contact area.
When two people have close physical contact,
they should seek a position which offers the greatest contact area.
Let's turn it into a problem like this,
and look for the ideal method.
In the lab, we performed what is generally known as a regular hug, but
there may be a position which allows for greater close contact.
The human body has more surface area on the front than on the sides, so
if the front of the body and under the arms are held closely in a hug,
some might say the position provides and exceedingly great area of close contact, but...
If that's true, then...
with this position, or...
even this position...
the amount of close contact doesn't change very much.
This one's nice, too.
Hang on!
If they entwined their legs in their close contact,
wouldn't it increase the contact area?
If they did, it would be something like this.
It kinda reminds me of a cicada...
Would it be too hard for both of them to wrap their legs?
Yes...
Which means, it would be difficult to increase the amount of close contact any more than this...
No, that's wrong.
We've overlooked something.
When the fronts of the bodies are in close contact,
there is no reason to match the direction of up and down!
Which means this!
What life-form is that supposed to be?
That's horrible in all kinds of ways!
I see...
That greatly increases the number of variations...
No, it doesn't!
How acrobatic is this couple, anyway?!
I've realized something shocking.
What? What is it?
Long ago, when I used to hug a big-chested girl,
I felt a slight distance between us.
With a big chest, when you bring your bodies close, a gap is created,
and the area of close contact diminishes.
So then, you mean...
Hugging someone flat-chested increases the amount of close contact?
Not at all.
According to this theory, the greatest amount of close physical contact
would be when two men hold each other!
That
That
That's true!
This is an extremely significant discovery.
We must put it into practice to verify it.
It's true that the reasoning seems correct, but...
And we just happen to have two guys here, too. Come on, let's go.
You! It's just that you want us to, right?
Come now. Come on.
S-S-Stop it!
Somehow, it feels like these people are just enjoying themselves now...
He's taking forever...
It's the ocean!
Torasuke, it's dangerous!
Torasuke!
Torasuke!
You have to be careful at the beach, okay?
They have these things called rip currents.
Okay.
Does it hurt, Ena-chan?
No. I'm okay.
Don't do that! When it hurts, you have to say so!
If anybody tries to do mean things to you, Ena-chan,
I'll protect you!
Because I'm a man who lives on love!
Okay. Thank you.
Torasuke!
Ena-chan, I love you!
After saying that, Torasuke went and accidentally peed in the ocean, right?
Ah, memories...
Stop it!
I don't know anything about such a dark past!
You were such a cute little boy back then,
then you went and got uselessly large.
And you stayed a tiny pipsqueak while your eyes rotted away.
You remember a person's disgrace in perfect detail!
That's because women remember.
Coordination between the right and left brain is stronger than in a man's brain.
Left Brain
Right Brain
It's hard to forget experiences where emotions were involved.
Those times I was in danger and you became a human barrier to protect me,
I just can't forget them.
Those words should be spoken by someone a little more delicate!
Oh. If you're headed to the bathroom, buy some roasted squid on the way back.
It's that science-type woman from before...
Why is she in Okinawa?
What happened?
Both of them were pretty cute.
What's up? You get dumped, Yuuichi-kun?
No, moron.
When I saw her face, she just wasn't my type.
You move too slow.
Hurry up and go grab a girl or two.
I will.
Next, I'm trying that one.
Huh...
Small, but not bad at all.
Right?
Seems like you could get a lot of play out of that one, right?
Honestly. That little pipsqueak...
Roasted squid is stupid expensive!
Huh?
That Ibarada, it's weird but doesn't it look they're ganging up on her?
That woman? There's no way!
She's gotta be making it look like they're ganging up on her. It's a trap.
Yukimura-senpai said so before, didn't he?
I'm sure you've heard the story of Schrodinger's cat.
Falsehood
Truth
Cubit
In quantum physics, a thing can be in two states at the same time.
Which means that right now, she's getting ganged up on for real,
and she's just talking peacefully, are the two states,
and it's not clear which she's in...
If I observe, it'll become clear which it is!
My prediction is that she's actually
just having fun talking about Pakemon Do, or something...
I just know that's gonna be the punchli
'Sup?
And who are you?
Well, I'm not really doing this because I want to...
But, I am a man who lives on love, so...
Sorry, but...
this pipsqueak here,
don't you touch her.
Torasuke, it's not like they did anything to me...
That's right!
We were just playing PakeDo!
You gotta be kidding me! Schrodinger!
I misunderstood! I'm so sorry!
Not at all. We're sorry, too.
Yuuichi-kun always grabs girls' arms...
That's right. Can't be helped. We are talking about Yuuichi-kun here.
This pipsqueak here, don't you touch her.
That's so cool! Super cool!
Shut up!
Just like you said so long ago,
you really did protect me.
Stop talking! Forget all of it!
Not possible. I can't forget.
Memories of experiences where emotions are involved can't be forgotten.
How could I forget this? I'm never gonna forget.
Thanks, Torasuke, for protecting me.
Stop talking...
Thanks.
Oh, it's so ridiculous...
Shut up...
Well, everyone, shall we withdraw?
We had so much fun!
I managed to take so many reference photos...
What's wrong?
Please, don't mind me.
I just had a little repeat of a super-dreadnought level section of my dark past...
Himuro, I'm sorry.
I meant to return quickly, but...
If you weren't feeling well, it wasn't something you could help.
I just can't tell her!
He thought so hard about that stupid couple's greatest close contact problem,
he got so excited he passed out...
Everyone, I'm glad you all found a way to enjoy yourselves.
I was able to do some weighted long-distance swimming, for the first time in a long time.
Why is it that you train your body so much, Professor?
There is a Nobel prize winner in physics from Saitama University,
Professor Kuze, and I had the chance to meet him.
Nobel Prize in Physics Professor Kuze Takaomi
Really?
At the time, I wasn't able to lay a single finger on him.
And it's not just Professor Kuze.
In the world of academics, geniuses that beggar the imagination,
unimaginable monsters seethe in tremendous numbers.
You won't survive in a world dominated by superhumans if you don't train a little!
The professors at the presentations tomorrow are all strong, too!
Let's do our best, okay?
Huh?
We're giving presentations in a huge gathering of monsters?
Next Time
Proof 10 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Giving Presentations.
Next time, Proof 10.
Science-types Fell in Love, So they Tried Giving Presentations.
