Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Proof 11 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Having a Fight.
Tell me...
What were you doing with Kanade-chan?
Yukimura-senpai!
Thank you so much for earlier.
Thanks to that, I was able to give my presentation...
Wait... Huh?
I'm telling you, it wasn't like that!
It was an emergency situation!
So you're saying that if it's an emergency, it's fine?
There must have been another way!
Hey, Kanade. You explain to her, too.
Huh? Explain what?
Himuro saw the thing before the presentation.
The thing before the presentation...?
No, no, no! It isn't what you're thinking!
My spirit was crushed! He had no choice!
Honestly, it had nothing to do with romance or anything!
Besides, I have zero interest in this nagging four-eyes!
Hey! What do you think you're doing, slipping that into the confusion?!
I'm telling the truth!
Himuro-senpai, there's nothing for you to worry about...
I know.
I don't think you've done anything wrong, Kanade-chan.
Rather...
What I cannot forgive is
that he can so easily do that to a young woman,
and the societal dishonesty it implies!
After all, I want to hug Yukimura-kun, too!
No, I'm telling you...
It was a sort of emergency refuge, extraordinarily extreme measures...
And that means you can hug whomever you want?
What kind of excuse is that?
Like an emergency refuge?
I feel like she's mad for a different reason...
Extraordinarily extreme measures?
What's that supposed to mean? You just wanted to hug her, right?
Hello, my senpai!
No!
What did you think?
That was the most efficient way of dealing with that situation!
Did you see my magnificent presentation...?
You always make your escape like that!
What the deal, anyway?
Even for our seaside close contact experiment,
you left in the middle and never came back!
No, there were... unforeseen circumstances...
What kind of unforeseen circumstances?
Huh? Are they fighting?
Don't you have anything to say?
And even after that, all you did was focus on Kanade-chan and her presentation,
and...
H-Huh?
And to top it off, you went and did that with Kanade-chan!
We still need to do our experiments, and you just...
It was the same for the pairing experiments, too, wasn't it?
You got excited over all kinds of people...
What... am I saying...?
In the end, that's all it is, right?
For you, Yukimura-kun...
any woman works, doesn't she?
No!
That's enough, Himuro.
So, what?
I should ignore an underclassman preparing for a presentation?
And as long as we can run our experiments, everything is fine?
I should have just left Kanade in that state, and let her do her presentation?
Well, no, but...
I have not behaved in a manner I need feel ashamed of with Kanade.
However, if Kanade and I had done something,
are there any grounds for you to take issue with it?
It isn't as if you and I are dating, are we?
That's true...
Strictly speaking, it isn't as if we are dating, is it?
Okinawan pork rib soba's so yummy!
The dolphin show's the best!
Now that we've finished our presentations,
we've got nothing left to worry about!
Exactly!
After studies are done, we must play with everything we've got!
Let's enjoy Okinawa to our hearts' content!
What do we do...
At this rate, our fun research training camp will...
Can't you do anything about it, Ibarada-kun?
You can just leave it.
Aren't those two always arguing?
I hope you're right...
You worry too much, Professor Ikeda.
Those two are rational and intellectual,
so if they talk, I'm sure they'll patch things up more quickly than you'd think.
Come, come. Let's leave the two of them alone.
I hope they'll be all right...
Yeah...
Yukimura-kun...
Do you know why I am angry?
Th-This question!
So many men have given the wrong answer,
and made the woman even angrier! It's a question of legendary difficulty!
What? Is it?
I don't know
If you say, I don't know...
Well, figure it out!
Why are you so angry?
If you ask, why are you so angry?
Because you're like that!
Because xxx?
If you give the correct reason for her anger, then...
If you know, then why'd you do it?
That's how it goes.
Once the question is asked, it's pretty much decided the man's in the wrong.
Yukimura-senpai... How will you answer her?
The act of me hugging Kanade accounts for approximately 34.
It's likely that...
the declaration, it isn't as though we're dating, accounts for approximately 30.
Other (Poor Physical Condition and Ill Humor Associated with Menstrual Cycle)
Other
Consecutive Days of Heat
Lack of Sleep
Righteous Indignation at the Societal Dishonesty
Failed Experiments Duringhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Training Camp
It isn'thhhhhhhh as thoughhhhhhhhh we're datinghhhhhhhhhhh
Act ofhhhhhhhhhhh Hugging Kanade
Also, factors such as poor physical condition and ill humor associated with menstrual cycle...
I've made general estimates, however, there are likely various specific items
I see you don't understand at all.
Your degree of relative error is off by at least 0.8.
And, poor physical condition and ill humor associated with menstrual cycle accounts for 0.
Including such detailed items accounts for approximately 43 of my current anger.
Hey! If you insist that I'm wrong, show me the evidence!
Hey! Himuro!
Evidence
Evidence!
Look it up in a dictionary yourself, bear.
This time, we'll be looking at relative error!
Relative Error
Here we have 10 grams of boogers, bear.
But when stupid humans measure the weight,
the way they measure is so inept, it ends up being 11 grams, bear.
In this case, the measurement error from the theoretical weight of the b is 1 gram, bear.
This error is called absolute error, bear.
Absolute Error
In contrast, relative error
Theoretical Value
Relative Error
Measured Value - Theoretical Value
Theoretical Value
is a ratio expressing the relationship of the absolute value to theoretical value, bear.
In the case of these boogers,
Relative Error
the relative error is 0.1.
In the case of the relative error of 0.8 Himuro mentioned,
if you measured boogers that should weigh 10 grams,
it means that the measuring was so bad, you got a weight of 18 grams, bear.
Whoever did the measuring was useless scum, bear.
And whoever gathered 10 grams of boogers is useless scum, too, bear.
You okay, Yukimura-senpai?
I made her angry again.
What could the problem have been...
Excluding poor physical condition and ill humor associated with menstrual cycle,
the other details couldn't have been so very inaccurate...
If the reason for her anger is shifted in time, then any estimate grows even more difficult...
I kinda get the feeling that's not the problem...
Himuro-senpai!
Kanade-chan?
Um... Are you okay?
What do I do?
Asking something like, Do you know why I'm angry...
Why did I go and ask him that question?
It makes me seem like some stupid, annoying woman.
Yukimura-kun must hate me...
You'd asked before you even thought about it, right?
That's just how it goes. I understand.
A question so difficult to respond to...
I can't even present any evidence, and I...
This isn't being intellectual at all!
Honestly, these people are just...
This place...
The numerical value here wasn't bad, either...
Details of the Argument
1134 Yukimura Shinya said the following: hhhhhhhhhIf Kanade and I had done something, are there any grounds for you hhhhhhhhhto take issue with it? It isn't as if you and I are dating, are we?
Himuro Ayame struck Yukimura Shinya's left cheek with her open right hand
1146 With a hint of tears in her eyes, Himuro Ayame spoke as follows: hhhhhhhhhThat's true... Strictly speaking, it isn't as if wehhhhhhhhhhhhh hhhhhhhhhare dating, is it?hhhhh
Immediately following, Himuro struck my left cheek with her open right hand.
she said, Strictly speaking, it isn't as if we are dating, is it?
These are the details of the recent confrontation.
What do you think? Where do you think the problem lies?
It's probably gotta be that last thing you said, Yukimura-senpai.
I think that was a huge misstep.
If I ever made that choice with Aika...
I'd get a bloodbath ending.
You said you loved me!
It was that bad?
Based on the situation, I also believe that statement to be the primary factor, but...
What makes it such a problem?
It is a concrete fact that we are not dating,
and Himuro herself acknowledges that.
And it's the same for the way I handled Kanade.
I haven't done anything wrong.
Well, yeah, that's true.
Everything you've said is a sound argument.
However...
There are times in this world when presenting a sound argument
isn't what you should do, I guess...
Himuro-senpai, I...
Hm? What is it, Kanade-chan?
I'm really sorry.
Because of me...
Himuro-senpai and Yukimura-senpai are...
I never thought... things would turn out this way...
I told you, none of this is your fault, Kanade-chan.
But... it's because Yukimura-senpai spent all that time with me that...
But thanks to that, your presentation went wonderfully.
The truth is... I understand.
Yukimura-kun hasn't done anything wrong.
I've just gone and gotten angry on my own. That's all.
When he said that it wasn't like we were dating,
it was completely valid, but somehow I found it utterly hateful and provoking.
Before I knew it, I'd hit him.
In this state, I don't suppose I could call it love...
You're wrong!
What?
You have it backwards!
It's because you love him that you felt that way.
It's happened to me, too.
Getting jealous because the person I love is paying attention to someone else...
Getting angry when their feelings don't turn my way...
Love is just that kind of thing. I'm sure of it!
Is it... really?
In that case...
Defining Jealously Frequency
To be honest, this was a blind spot.
American psychologist, Berscheid, said that romantic emotions include both love and hate.
Up to this point, we've focused on emotions of affection,
but in romance, there are negative emotions, as well.
If we categorize them as contradictory emotions, then...
I knew it.
From the time of our argument today,
my contradictory emotion counter has risen dramatically.
If we can establish that this phenomenon is repeatable,
then it may prove to be the key to finding the conditions of love.
Um... what would that mean, exactly?
For example, Yukimura-kun could be made to flirt with another woman.
stare
Then, we take the amount I want to knee him in the face and make it a fixed quantity.
What?
You're really okay with that, Himuro-senpai?
I'm not.
But this feeling of not being okay, and the depression I've felt today,
might just prove to be a new lead in our research.
Tomorrow, first thing, I'll have to discuss this with Yukimura-kun and
Guess I can't since we're in the middle of a fight.
Tomorrow... why don't you and Yukimura-senpai patch things up?
I'm sure Yukimura-senpai wants the same thing.
And I want to see the two of you the way you always are, having fun doing your research.
You're right...
I'm sure... we'll be able to reconcile.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
I never had any friends.
Oops, I'm so sorry, Himuro-san.
I spilled my water!
But it wasn't on purpose, okay?
I mean, that complicated-looking book you're reading's all clean now.
Easier to read, right?
Nice one.
Honestly, you should be thanking us.
There is no need to apologize.
Did you know?
Bullying exists among animals other than humans, as well.
There are instances of chimpanzees grouping together to attack.
There is a tendency for goldfish to attack weak individuals.
A group rejecting weak or nonconformist members
is a natural instinct of any living organism.
Even humanity, equipped with the power of reason,
retains vestiges of that.
The fact that you engage in such behavior,
simply means that your intellect is close to that of animals.
That's just the way things are.
What's her deal?
Just because her face and brains are a little better...
She really makes me sick.
I never had anyone I loved.
Himuro-san...
Please... would you go out with me?
I'm sorry.
I don't really understand romance, and I'm not particularly interested.
Of... Of course...
A guy like me would never be a good match for you, Himuro-san...
I'm sorry.
Friendship and love.
Everyone my age was immersed in living their youth, but
I couldn't understand it at all.
Thurston's beautiful geometrization conjecture
was far more attractive to me.
It doesn't bother me.
Forcing myself to be with someone,
falling in love with someone. There's no need for that.
I'm all right on my own.
I corrected my personal appearance and looked ahead...
Always boldly beautiful...
Dignified... If I could do that...
But now...
I really, really want to make up with Yukimura-kun!
30 Methods for Men
and Women to Make Up
We will now discuss strategies for making up with Yukimura-kun.
Let's do our best and be friends again!
I apologize
for having you join the discussion, too, Yamamoto-senpai.
It's no trouble!
I had nothing to do, so I just came over to hang out anyway.
I asked Ibarada-senpai, as well, but she turned me down.
I see.
We're putting together a plan to help Yukimura-senpai and Himuro-senpai make up!
Do you want to come, Ibarada-senpai? Yamamoto-senpai is here, too.
That's a shame, but it can't be helped.
Do you want to come, Ibarada-senpai? Yamamoto-senpai is here, too.
I know we've just started, but I had an idea.
What about giving him a present?
Oh! That's a good idea!
If you give him a present you've put your heart into,
and tell him how you really feel, without your pride getting in the way,
I just know it'll work out.
That's true...
Times I wanted to reconcile
Times I really wanted to reconcile
Times I wanted to kick him
Times I wanted to slap him
Times I wanted to do experiments with him
Times I wanted to talk to him
Times I wanted to cling close to him
Times I wanted to break his glasses
By precisely plotting out my feelings, with no lies or prevarications,
Yukimura Shinya's Societal Dishonesty
Pareto optimization could be used to find a point of equilibrium between our assertions.
I can compile everything into an apology thesis,
and give it to Yukimura-kun along with a present.
A Proposal Regarding the Fight During the Okinawa Research Training Camp and
The Transition to Apology and Improvement of Relations
It's perfect!
I kinda figured things would turn out like this,
but, well, we are talking about Yukimura-senpai, so
I guess it's okay.
All right. In that case...
Let's go out and look for a present!
Yeah!
Okinawa Souvenirs
It's such a strange thing...
I was always fine on my own, and now...
for the sake of a connection with another person...
I've become so desperate.
But... I met him...
spent time with him...
researched with him...
did all kinds of things with him...
And for the first time, being with someone made me feel happy.
That's why I was really looking forward to this trip.
Going to a southern island with Yukimura-kun for the first time...
spending time there, running experiments...
And just maybe... a wonderful phenomenon might occur...
I got my hopes up just a little.
But the reality was different.
A glasses case! That would be good, wouldn't it?
Yukimura-kun doesn't really pay attention to how he treats his glasses.
The affinity index on this seems like it would be high.
Oh!
It looks like they inscribe names and things on them.
Really?
In that case...
It's my fault.
I threw the experiment into disarray...
I got angry over trivial things...
Tomorrow, our trip ends...
But...
Yukimura-kun and I haven't accomplished anything yet.
I'll have the thesis ready in 30 minutes. If you'll just wait a little.
It's amazing you can pull off a stunt like that.
But... it's not too late yet.
I will reconcile with you,
because I want to do something on this trip together with you.
I don't know if this wrapping really gives off a gift sort of feel.
I have pens and things in my room. I'll go decorate it!
That's a manga artist for you!
Apology Thesis
All right. It's finished!
That's amazing! It looks like a present!
Thank you, both of you. I'm off.
Fight!
Hang in there, okay?
Yukimura-kun...
I wonder if he'll forgive me.
I wonder if he'll be happy.
Yukimura-senpai?
He left a minute ago.
He said he was going to the ocean, so... he's probably outside...
Himuro-senpai!
Will we be able to go back to normal?
Researching together...
Doing experiments...
Whether this feeling is love or not still hasn't been decided, but...
if it's allowed for someone like me, someone who was always alone, then...
Himuro?
Here. This's for you.
What is it?
Open it.
That's... how I truly feel about you...
Wait...
It's not supposed to be...
Please, forget this happened...
Why?
Why is it broken?
When?
Was it when I fell?
Why doesn't anything on this trip work out right?
Because it wasn't possible?
For someone like me, who always pushed others away,
to do something like this, after all this time...
Do not confuse causation and correlation.
I am a science-type.
Calm down.
Think about it logically.
Correct your physical appearance.
Look ahead.
Always boldly beautiful...
Dignified... I have to be...
A Proposal Regarding the Fight During the Okinawa Research Training Camp and the Transition to Apology and Improvement of Relations
You're as cute as always today, Aika...
Himuro-senpai stopped by a minute ago...
I know.
What happened?
I will now commence reconciliation with Himuro,
meticulously and completely.
Next Time
Proof 12 I Knew I Could Fall in Love with You, So I Tried to Prove it.
Next time, Proof 12.
I Knew I Could Fall in Love with You, So I Tried to Prove It.
