She sure is taking a long time...
Himuro-senpai
All right. That should do it.
Now, where should I implement this...
Aika?
Oh. Yukimura-senpai.
Kanade. What's wrong?
Well, Himuro-senpai is...
Yukimura-senpai!
Did you find her?
She hasn't been back to the room!
We've searched every inch of the hotel, but we can't find her!
Which means... she's gotta be outside, right?
I hope she's not caught up in some kind of trouble...
Now that it's come to this, there's no choice but to use it...
It's a method unworthy of a computer science specialist, but
it can't be helped.
We'll radiate outward from the hotel,
and conduct a full search.
A full search?
Oh!
You mean, go search everywhere, right?
Kosuke, you search to the west!
Got it!
Kanade, if you could take the east!
All right!
But whether this method will allow us to find her or not is...
Blast it. If only we had some clue...
Um, Yukimura-senpai!
What is it?
Yukimura-senpai...
You met with Himuro-senpai, didn't you?
Did something happen...?
Proof 12 I Knew I Could Fall in Love with You, So I Tried to Prove it.
I see... The present was broken.
From my perspective, the fact that the present was broken doesn't bother me.
Huh?
What does bother me is the way it was shattered to unrecognizability.
It was that bad...?
Himuro-senpai left in a hurry, so maybe she fell and dropped it along the way.
Oh... I saw that happen.
Oh. Ibarada-senpai.
This sofa is a lot more comfortable than my room...
and the Wi-Fi's really strong here, too.
I see...
Ibarada, what do you mean, you saw it?
I was here, so I just happened to see it.
It was right there, those stairs.
I think she tripped on that last step.
She's clumsier than she seems, that girl.
Still, it really is a shame...
Kanade, you helped get it ready, right?
Yes, I did. Oh, Yamamoto-senpai helped, too...
She decorated the wrapping.
Oh, now that you mention it, she did come back to the room suddenly.
She was being all secretive.
I was coming out of the room as she was going in,
so I had no idea what she was doing.
Huh?
Yukimura-senpai, where are you going?
There is something I need to verify.
Oh.
That's right. That manga artist.
She left a little while ago, heading for the beach.
No one asked for your help.
Huh?
What's going on?
Oh, Yukimura-san.
I have one question for you.
What's wrong? You have a question for me?
Were you the one who broke Himuro's present?
Wh-What are you talking about?
It's true I gave some advice when Himuro-san was picking out the present, but...
How does that turn into me breaking it?
There must have been some kind of accident, right?
Himuro appears to have fallen on the stairs in the lobby.
In that case, wouldn't it have broken then
No.
What makes you so certain?
Himuro fell on the last step.
The floor is made of marble.
Let us assume that the glasses case weighs the usual approximate 50 grams.
(Polyvinyl Chloride Resin)
It is likely made of polyvinyl chloride resin.
On the last step, given Himuro's height...
the most it could have been was one meter.
Allowed to free fall from that height,
the free fall energy would have been about 0.49 joules.
Free Fall Energy
Now, the strength of polyvinyl chloride, it's rating according to the Charpy impact test,
is generally 2.0 to 9.8 kilojoules per square meter.
Strength
I can't imagine that simply dropping it once would cause it to break like that.
That is...
as long as no one used a tool to deliberately destroy it.
According to the circumstances, the only possibilities are you and Kanade.
However, it is difficult to think that Kanade would do something like that.
The one with the greatest possibility is you.
Well done, figuring that out.
It's true. I'm the one who did it.
That's a science-type for you.
Imagine using physics calculations to discover the culprit.
You're nothing like a washout science-type like me.
That calculation was mostly a bluff.
As to whether or not it would actually break,
without doing some experiments, I can't say anything for certain.
The conditions are complex and the object is a glasses case.
It isn't a situation which can be compared simply to a Charpy impact test.
My, does that mean I'm one point up on you?
Why did you do something like this?
Is it for your manga?
Romance requires obstacles.
Yukimura-san,
have you heard of the Romeo and Juliet effect?
It's from a paper published by Driscoll in 1972.
A type of what is generally referred to as psychological reactance.
That's right.
It's the phenomenon where interference and objection from those around you,
causes the feelings of love to increase.
The fact that the love is forbidden
is precisely what makes the story interesting!
The existence of a great evil
makes justice and good stand out all the more!
In order to make a dramatic, come-from-behind win in sports,
first, they have to nearly lose to a formidable opponent.
If you want a dramatic reconciliation,
then before that, you must hit rock bottom.
It's more interesting that way, isn't it?
As long as I'm creating a manga about you,
it must be interesting, or else I'll be in a difficult position.
Though, it was quite a sloppy plan, wasn't it?
If Himuro hadn't fallen there, there would have been no doubt that you were
And what of it?
I've achieved my objective, haven't I?
If it's for your manga, you'll stop at nothing.
Whether that means denigrating others, or even yourself, you wouldn't hesitate.
Is that your true nature?
My... How upsetting.
And here I thought you and I were alike.
You never waver from your convictions and your thirst for research.
If it's for the sake of those things, you care nothing for yourself or others.
You're the same.
You're right.
I see you understand perfectly.
If you do anything more to hurt Himuro,
I don't plan to let anything stop me, either!
Himuro-san was running southwest down this path.
The structure of the roads in the area is simple.
Given this single limiting constraint,
you should be able to considerably narrow your focus from a full search.
Next, you just need to do some calculations and persevere in your search.
I'm sure Himuro-san is hoping you'll do that, too.
What are you plotting?
I have no intention of asking you to forgive me,
and I don't mind if you don't think of me as a good person
However...
As long as I'm creating manga,
I am hoping that your love research goes well.
That is a fact.
The one I broke was a double I secretly bought while we were shopping.
I hope you'll let her give this to you again.
It wouldn't be right to accept it from me, would it?
What's wrong?
Himuro-san is waiting for you.
I'll gather the precise details... another day.
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
Oh, what is it now?
Ow...
This is the worst.
I can't walk like this.
Where... am I?
I left my cell phone in the room.
I seem to be a little bit stranded...
What am I doing?
How did things turn out this way?
What did I do wrong?
I was looking forward to this Okinawa trip so much...
I got strangely jealous, and started a fight...
I even broke the reconciliation present...
In a place like this...
unable to get back by myself...
I'm used to being alone.
I've always been alone, after all.
But...
maybe that's what was wrong.
Back then, if I'd faced them properly...
maybe this wouldn't have happened.
How beautiful.
Crepuscular rays...
Aerosolized particles in the atmosphere cause Mie scattering and shine,
allowing a person to see the path of the light.
It's a type of Tyndall effect, right?
It might push the beauty index to 100.
That high?
I wanted to admire a view like this all alone with Yukimura-kun
while saying things like that.
That's all I wanted...
But I knew it wasn't possible...
For me... it's just...
Are you stupid?!
Do not make decisions based on supposition!
How many times have I told you that?!
Yuki...mura...kun...
Coming all the way out here alone.
Why... are you here?
I have a lot of things I want to say to you.
Yes. I'm... sorry...
I got angry over stupid things...
Fought with you...
I ruined all that research...
No.
I don't care about any of that!
Huh?
A Proposal Regarding the Fight During the Okinawa Research Training Camp and the Transition to Apology and Improvement of Relations
What is this apology thesis type thing?
It is inadequate!
There are far too many typos!
And there are too many emotional statements!
If it's a paper, make your assertions based on the grounds of your argument!
This isn't like you.
In particular, this final clause. What is this?
I have always been alone, so romantic behaviors might be impossible for me?
In what way is your past relevant to the current situation?
High School Friendship Frequency and Lifetime Romance Success Ratio Correspondence
If you want to claim this, then go with
People who had no friends in high school 100 can't find love. Find some documentation.
Cite that reference, then make your argument!
Though I'm certain that data doesn't exist.
Don't allow your emotions to sway you. Stay intellectual.
Build your logic on solid foundations, then make your claims!
That...
is what it means to be a science-type!
What is it?
If you have a rebuttal, then say it. Intellectually.
What is this?
I did...
I did try to be intellectual, as always...
To calmly analyze the situation!
But I can't!
My head is a mess!
Ever since August 20th, 11:05 AM, when we fought!
On the emotion counter,
Positive Emotion Group Negative Emotion Group
my negative emotion group increased nearly four-fold. A dramatic increase!
Heart Rate (bpm)
My heart rate is unstable.
Flow of Time (minutes) Fig. 2.2: Changes in Himuro Ayame's Heart Rate
Body Temperature (C)
Flow of Time (minutes) Fig. 2.4: Changes in Himuro Ayame's Body Temperature Changes in Himuro Ayame's Blood Pressure
My blood pressure is 12 above average.
Lowest
Blood Pressure
Highest
My emotions have become unstable, too,
making me remember things from the past at least 12 times for no reason!
If you collected my saliva now,
my cortisol reading has probably increased by about 80!
Fighting with you
causes this extensive negative effect on my body!
It's very interesting, but I can't take any more!
We didn't manage to do any close contact experiments either...
Earlier, I even hallucinated a little...
I feel like an idiot...
Let me reconcile with you!
Let me touch you!
Hurry up and just hold me!
You're so slow...
every time...
I'm sorry.
Yukimura-kun...
It's all right, isn't it? Even for someone like me...
It's possible for me to do romantic things with you, right?
Shh...
Quiet.
What?
Don't raise your voice above 20 decibels.
6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12...
/Third-parties in the Vicinity Paying Attention
/Ambient Noise Level
/Ambient Light Level
/Beauty Index of the Surrounding Environs
/Seconds Spent Gazing at Each Other
secs
I believe I told you.
Don't make decisions based on supposition.
This is what you call proof.
Ikeda Lab
Yuki
Found Himuro. No further cause for worry.
Senpai?
All right!
Ikeda Lab
Yuki
Found Himuro. No further cause for worry.
Really. Good. I'm happy for you.
They say they found Himuro.
My! I see everything ended well, didn't it?
Why are you talking like it's got nothing to do with you?
You're the one who made everything worse, aren't you?
Well, I mean...
When I heard you were helping those two make up,
I got a really bad feeling, but...
just as I thought, you went and made a mess.
Sometimes you need some strong medicine when you're doing research, don't you?
By the way, I've been wondering...
What is all that?
Oh. I got kinda hungry,
and I ended up ordering way too much.
Well, you did say you were going to pay the expenses for this trip, so...
Oh. The bill's over there.
Oh, silly Ena...
For now, we should head back to the hotel.
Yes, we should.
I went and did it!
The direct contact of mucous membranes!
I may have calculated for this, but...
it's all because the conditions for the highest mood value miraculously coincided!
Was this all right?
Taking a woman's lips without asking...
is a crime of indecent assault, isn't it?!
No, wait.
Himuro has been wanting a high mood-level kiss.
That's right! This was a benevolent action!
It was not at all like I had ulterior motives and performed an indecent action...
Yukimura-kun.
I can't walk, so you carry me.
I suppose I have no choice.
I have no ulterior motives. I have no ulterior motives. I have no ulterior motives.
That's right.
These are all simply benevolent actions for Himuro's benefit.
It is not the wicked thinking of some foolish criminal...
I am absolutely
You're the worst, Yukimura-kun.
Carrying a girl and collapsing because of it...
Just wait...
My mass isn't far from the average mass of the average female.
This is clearly because you're so feeble, Yukimura-kun.
Silence.
If you and I align our centers of gravity,
we should be able to decrease the moments of force.
Come on. Hurry up and pick me up...
It's because I'm carrying you that I can't get up!
Let go for a minute!
I don't want to!
Why?
For the last two days, we haven't been able to do any experiments at all!
We have to make up for it, don't we?
That's why I won't. I won't let go.
I will never let you go.
Yukimura-kun...
What?
Earlier... that kiss...
That was...
Was all of that part of your calculations?
Not all of it...
There were quite a few points of coincidence included...
After the failure of the previous kiss experiment...
I kept thinking about ways to enact a high mood-level kiss.
The fact that you were here in such a beautiful place
was a miraculous happenstance.
I thought, It has to be now.
That's why... it's... That action was...
It was to make your wish a reality...
Something I'd prepared for, to a certain extent...
It absolutely wasn't something prompted
by any kind of sexual emotions, done on impulse...
I see...
I had no idea...
All this time, you've been thinking of how to do this for me.
Who says it's about you?
This is all to understand the general conditions of love.
We have only just managed to succeed at kissing once.
We still have a mountain of research to do.
That's true. This is just the start...
Everyone!
I'm so glad you're safe!
These past three days,
a lot of things happened,
I'm sorry I worried you.
Y-You okay?
but with this, summer's biggest event,
He's collapsed!
the Okinawa lab trip comes to an end.
I will not allow you to do as you please.
Really... I had no idea it would develop into such a serious matter...
I'm sorry for worrying you.
Well, I'm just glad nothing bad happened.
We've returned...
to the clamor of the city!
You bought way too many souvenirs, Torasuke.
Now, then! Everyone be careful getting home, all right?
You are dismissed!
Thank you!
And now,
we return to our daily lives, as they've always been.
It's finally here.
The results of the oxytocin measurements we collected during the training camp.
Oxytocin?
Oh!
The oxytocin is...!
The substance that explodes if you embrace, right?
It is not that kind of dangerous substance.
It's a hormone excreted when you touch someone you love.
Was it?
Investigating that was the objective of our training camp, but...
There was the fight and a lot of other things...
Yeah...
Huh?
The numbers on just this one reading seems strangely high...
Oh...
You succeeded in your kiss in a beautiful place like this?
Yes...
Yeah...
When you kissed, did you feel anything?
I want to kiss again!
I want to kiss again!
But I can't say that.
I am not like those idiots who cave to lust!
If I'm the only one giddy about this, it makes me an idiot.
I have to stay calm...
Well, let's see...
Our teeth bumped just a little.
To be honest, I felt that Yukimura-kun's method was a little questionable.
Huh? Criticisms?
His glasses hit me, and our noses hit, too.
You forgot to tilt your head 45 degrees, didn't you?
I couldn't say the kiss was smartly done.
In that case, I'll have my say, too.
In that moment, your lips tasted of salt and were slightly rough.
Wha?
As you spent the night by the ocean,
Mechanism Behind Salt-damaged Kiss
Seawater droplets of 10141015g and particles of sea salt are dispersed in the vicinity.
particles of sea salt carried by droplets of seawater and the salt wind
must have adhered to your lips.
Adhered to lips causing the tactile sensation of the kiss to deteriorate.
Well, sorry...
for being a woman with salty, rough lips.
Well, no wonder that kiss doesn't mean anything to you.
You pulled your lips away after only two seconds, too!
It... It wasn't like that!
That was just because I was embarrassed...
It wasn't because I didn't like it.
That's a lie!
It's the truth!
Your lips themselves were very soft.
Kanade
In Lab
4th Dimension
Rm. 507
Himuro
Yukimura
It seems the love experiments still have a long, long way to go...
All right. I'll prove it to you.
I'll give you another kiss right now that improves on all the points you brought up.
If it isn't longer than two seconds, I'll never forgive you.
I can't keep up with them, so I'll take my leave here...
