Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
All right, Himuro.
Close your eyes.
Now hold it, and lift your chin 30 degrees.
Proof 6 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Kissing.
Another 6.5 degrees.
Good.
According to the data, that will give us a height of 4 cm.
Now, as long as I tilt my head at an angle of 40 degrees,
even if I keep my glasses on, we should avoid a collision of noses.
Times you didn't want to kiss +1
Um...
Himuro-senpai's doesn't want to counter is rising rapidly.
Wh-What's the meaning of this, Himuro?!
I thought you loved me!
That hasn't been established for certain yet!
It's not like that.
It's not that I don't want you to, Yukimura-kun...
I don't quite understand it myself, but...
somehow... I don't want to do it like this, like it's work...
And even if you asked me for specifics, I wouldn't really know, but...
Himuro-senpai!
You're adorable!
Huh?
She's right, Yukimura-senpai!
A kiss isn't something you should do just to be done with it.
The right mood is important for this kind of thing!
Mood?
Something like... Well, you know...
A restaurant with a night view, or...
Walking along a beach at sunset...
Kissing somewhere with a nice mood like that is what gives it meaning!
Meaning, is it?
Oh, right! You remember?
Like that time on the Ferris wheel when we were collecting date data?
The mood was amazing, wasn't it?
What?
True...
In that moment, I wouldn't have minded... probably...
See? I knew it!
I see.
That's what it was.
In order to kiss, the right mood is necessary!
Mood Quantification
If we can define a mood value,
we should be able to find an efficient method of increasing the mood!
I don't know.
Can something as insubstantial as mood really exert such a strong influence?
It's got a pretty big effect.
Even if you just compare the external environments.
For example, look at a situation with a high mood value...
If you contrast it with a low value...
hup
hup
hup
hup
hup
hup
hup
hup
Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup!
What do you think?
You're right!
There's a tremendous difference!
If you pushed for a kiss in those conditions, I would punch you, Yukimura-kun.
Why is there so much variation when the action is the same?
What could the difference between the situations be?
Wouldn't it be the overabundance of muscles?
I see.
Which means...
This!
This, right?
Definition 1.1: Mood value M (x) is hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhinversely proportional to the amount hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhof muscles in the vicinity.
It's not wrong,
but... this definition is useless.
Well, it was an extreme example,
but I don't think we can call this a correct interpretation.
Okay. Self-proclaimed man who lives on love, Torasuke-kun.
A list of situations that might provide the right mood.
Well, if you insist.
My 2D memories are gonna breathe some fire into this.
Ferris wheel
Beach at sunset
Restaurant with a night view
Cruise on the water
Romantic movie at the theater
Fireworks
Planetarium
White Christmas
Watching adult videos
If you're looking for situations overflowing with the right mood,
it's gotta be something like these.
Yeah. If you leave out that one part, they all have nice moods!
Now, then. What do these have in common?
That one part aside, maybe it's that they're all rather fashionable places...?
Trying to quantify prettiness is incredibly difficult.
A clearer factor might be that
they're all places without a lot of people where the two can be alone, perhaps.
I don't think that's quite accurate...
For example, what do you think of this?
A secret kiss during the fireworks!
How wonderful!
Yes.
What about this?
Wow! Look at that.
They're all staring.
That would be difficult.
Definition 1.2: Mood value M(x) is inversely proportional hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhto the number of people in the area hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhpaying attention to the couple.
Which would make it something like this.
I see.
Another thing might be a quiet place, maybe?
If there's a lot of noise around, it'd ruin the mood.
decibels
decibels
decibels
The express leaving at 16:15 is...
decibels
decibels
Who's gonna be angels in the land of death?
decibels
Looking at the results of the comparisons,
we can probably say that when the surrounding noise rises above a certain level,
the mood value decreases.
Just the mention of decibels makes the mood drop.
Wouldn't you agree that dimness is important too?
Daylight
Dusk
Night
When people are in the dark, they start feeling naughty
Psychologically speaking,
it's true that dark places can allow more openness and freedom.
And, to take an approach other than looking at environmental factors,
a relaxed conversation with lots of silence and pauses,
might be the kind of things that works, too.
The two of you are always chattering away, debating,
but how about you two keep quiet a sec and look into each other's eyes?
Keep quiet?
This is amazing!
The mood really did increase!
Is this the effect of silence?
We can add this into the calculation of mood value.
The most important factors are these five!
When will these two ever be able to kiss?
Beauty of surroundings
Lack of people in surroundings
Dimness
Quietness
Length of time spent silently gazing at each other
The question is how to combine them.
Can't you just give each of them a value of 20 out of 100 and add them together?
Beauty 20 pts
Number of 3rd parties 20 pts
Dimness 20 pts
Quietness 20 pts
Silence 20 pts
100 pts
I don't think that'll work this time.
We're talking somewhere beautiful, without many people,
and dim lighting where you can gaze at each other, right?
But what if it were super noisy there?
For the sake of a brighter future, all we ask is that you cast your vote honestly and fairly!
Wouldn't that kill the mood?
That's true!
Which means...
Beauty
Number of 3rd parties
Dimness
Quietness
Silence
If any single factor out of these five is radically lower than the others,
Beauty 20 pts
Number of 3rd parties 20 pts
Dimness 20 pts
Quietness 0 pts
Silence 20 pts
the entire mood value decreases. It has to be defined to express that.
Mood Value Ultra Low
Th-That seems difficult...
All we have to do is multiply instead of add, right?
That would make regulating the numbers a pain.
Sounds like you're working on something interesting.
What about something like this?
First, we'll make x the value of quiet and indicate a total value of 100.
Let's see...
That should do it.
For example, let's use this equation and change the total value to 20.
Uh... What?
This is high school math, Kosuke-kun.
When you graph this equation,
33.33... pts 100 pts
anything less than 33 points rapidly becomes negative.
Of course.
If we use this...
In cases where it's insanely loud...
The value of quietness would become negative infinity.
Even if the other values are the highest they can be,
Quietness
Beauty 3rd Parties Dimness Quietness Silence h20 pts 20 pts 20 pts 20 pts
when you add them together, no matter what you do,
Mood Value
the mood value would be negative infinity!
Plus, with this method, the value becomes intuitive and easy to understand!
Just what we'd expect from you, Professor!
I'll leave the setup and investigation of each factor to you two.
Yes, sir!
Yukimura-senpai and Himuro-senpai became immersed in research and...
It's done!
We really did it!
Mood Value M is defined as follows.
(Beauty index)
(number of 3rd parties)
(expresses the average of the scores for beauty, fashionability)
amount of evaluators
Here the number of people paying attention to the couple is defined as X2
then then
(Brightness index)
missing
X3 = the degree of illumination (lux)
(Quietness index)
The value of noise in the area is expressed as X4
then then then
(Gazing at each other)
The number of seconds spent silently gazing at each other is expressed as X5
then then then
It's so long I don't get it...
Equation to Define Mood Value
The equation to define mood value!
I'll make the effort and go over it for you, bear.
Beauty Index
Beauty Index
The beauty index!
You give it a point value based on feeling,
and take the average of a bunch of people, bear.
100 points!
It's the same! It-It's the same!
The same! We're all... We're all the same!
Number of 3rd Parties
The number of third parties!
Number of 3rd Parties
When there's a lot of people who have nothing to do with it around,
you give them each a -10,000, bear.
Though, honestly, if you gave'em negative one trillion,
it wouldn't change the results, bear.
Degree of Illumination
The degree of illumination!
Degree of Illumination
There's some crazy equation written here, bear,
approx.
lux
but when you graph it, it turns out something like this, bear.
The highest points are about the brightness level of a candle,
and if it gets much darker, the points drop drastically, bear.
I can't see anything, bear...
Quietness Index
Quietness index!
Quietness Index
This one's complicated too, bear.
Basically, with this one...
If it's loud, the mood value drops to negative infinity, bear!
Silently Gazing at Each Other Index
The silently gazing at each other index!
Silently Gazing at Each Other Index
Another troublesome equation, bear.
The number of seconds spent silently gazing at each other is expressed as X5
then
then
then
In short, the longer the period of time spent looking at each other,
the higher the points, with 30 seconds as the highest score.
And if it exceeds 60 seconds, it starts getting stupid and the points decrease, bear.
And now, from the results of the investigation...
The most beautiful place on campus,
where there aren't any other people,
and where the brightness and quietness help create the right mood...
This is that place.
We've determined it's the roof of the joint research tower at dusk!
Science Fell in Love, So I Tried to Prove It
The place most suited to kissing.
The mood value is 92!
Would you...
kiss me... Kanade.
Well... um...
I'd really rather not.
Why?
The current mood value is extremely high.
It's not that I have anything against you, Yukimura-senpai...
It's just that kissing someone who isn't my boyfriend is a little...
We need to perform a control experiment to collect data!
Kissing someone you love
Comparison
Kissing someone you don't love
In order to investigate the base conditions of love,
we must compare a kiss with someone you love with a kiss with someone you don't love!
S-Still, there's no reason to do this with everyone...
Honestly. It's so embarrassing...
Experiment, stage 1 complete.
And why am I stage 1?
It was decided by ladder lottery. No complaining.
Yukimura-kun didn't do anything weird to you, did he?
Having no other choice, he offered the option of a kiss on the hand.
Was that all? There wasn't anything else, was there?
If it's gonna make you cry, don't conduct this kind of experiment.
In Western countries, kissing's an everyday thing, after all.
There's no reason to take it so seriously, is there?
Like this, see?
I-Ibarada!
What do you think you're doing?
This is part of the control experiment, too.
Don't most girls do this much with each other?
No, they don't!
I-I haven't done that, either.
Really?
Back in high school, pretty much everyone was doing it.
Don't worry, you two,
a kiss between two girls isn't really a kiss. It doesn't count.
Now, then. Who would the next pair for the experiment be?
Experiment 3: Himuro - Kosuke Pair
Kosuke-kun, I know you may be reluctant, but
if you'd please cooperate, for the sake of the experiment.
I, Inukai Kosuke, am a man who lives for one love alone,
but if it will help make your love a reality, then it would be my pleasure!
As for location... Cheek, nose, forehead, ear...
I don't want it to be anywhere near my face.
That said, I feel like a kiss on the foot would carry too much meaning.
Therefore I'll have the same as Kanade-chan, the back of my hand.
Gotcha.
Take a moment to savor this kiss of mine...
Thank you, Kosuke-kun!
I felt... absolutely nothing!
That's a lovely smile and a horrible comment!
Experiment 4: Himuro - Kanade Pair
It's really... a long time, isn't it? Thirty seconds...
You just start feeling the urge to laugh, don't you?
Um... Himuro-senpai?
Your hand. Why...?
I-I'm sorry!
You see, I...
I've never had any friends of the same gender as me.
Maybe it's my personality.
I've just never been able to fit into groups of girls.
There wasn't a single one I felt close to.
That's why, when you treat me like a friend, it makes me so happy.
I thought, it's sort of like having a little sister...
I'm sorry.
Himuro-senpai!
Right now... I think I could kiss you!
What?
Me, too. I've always wanted an older sister.
Kanade-chan...
What is this? What is this? What is this?
Hold on! Hold on! Hold on!
This is super embarrassing! So absolutely embarrassing!
Experiment 5: Yukimura - Kosuke Pair
Thirty seconds sure is long.
You just start feeling the urge to kill yourself.
Are we seriously gonna kiss?
The experiment is necessary. It cannot be avoided!
All right!
Inukai Kosuke's gonna show you how manly he is!
I will end this in a split second! Grit your teeth and take it!
Research sure is rough, isn't it?
Kosuke, let me ask just one thing...
What did you do during your experiment with Himuro.
J-Just a kiss on the hand.
Was that all? There wasn't anything else, was there?
N-No, there wasn't!
Experiment 6: Yukimura - Ibarada Pair
Yukimura...
Will you kiss me here?
I will not!
Yukimura-kun, close your eyes.
Unhand me! Get lost!
Can't do that. We have to kiss.
You need something to compare Himuro to, don't you?
In the event that irrational comparisons
threaten to corrupt the results of an experiment,
there is no need to engage in them.
And who determines whether or not they're irrational?
Besides, romantic emotions are irrational to begin with, aren't they?
She's so eloquent, it's nearly impossible to out talk this woman.
In which case, there's only one method!
Wait...
How slow a runner are you, exactly?
You think... you're one to talk?
Experiment 7: Ibarada - Kosuke Pair
If you get a 5-star out of the 10-pull gacha, you can kiss me wherever you want.
If you don't, you kiss my foot.
Who's gonna do what? You just watch my tremendous luck!
Okay! Draw!
Experiment 8: Kanade - Kosuke Pair
I know it's late to say this, but we really picked a difficult lab to join.
What are they making us do?
I did hear rumors that the Ikeda lab was crazy.
It's even more insane than expected.
Oh, right. We can just do an indirect kiss, right?
Experiment 9: Yukimura - Himuro Pair
We've finally managed to reach the final experiment.
Sorry to keep you waiting, Yukimura-kun.
Uh, sure...
Are you ready?
Yes. I'm okay to go any time.
Still, to think a kiss was something this difficult...
Once we've cleared this,
it will have brought us one step closer to proving our love, don't you think?
You're really all right with this?
Having to kiss a man as part of a verification process.
Yukimura-kun...
Right now... I'm sort of happy.
It's so beautiful here. And quiet.
It's just you and me, alone together.
It really is a lovely atmosphere.
This place showed a high mood value,
and it's substantiating that finding.
The process we built together...
it was right!
Right now, I feel like I could do anything!
Wh-What is this atmosphere?
Mood Value
Himuro looks 1.8 times more beautiful than normal.
Is this the effect of the mood?
Right. Time to begin.
Oh... Um...
G-Go slowly... please... Okay?
Now. I can't let this mood slip away.
Mood Value
A-A helicopter?!
If the noise level exceeds 70 decibels, the mood plummets drastically!
Yukimura-kun! The mood value is...
This is not an issue.
Once the helicopter passes, the noise level will subside.
If we stay like this and gaze at each other,
the mood value should increase again!
Th-That's true.
Mood Value
Right. Now, if we just wait 30 seconds...
Oh, no! The sun set!
There are no lights on the roof!
No. I thought this might happen, so...
I prepared a fashionable candle!
This should achieve the highest value for brightness!
Um...
Himuro-senpai! Yukimura-senpai! Have you... finished?
Oh. Sorry if you haven't yet...
Mood Value
When there's a third party...
the mood drops by negative ten thousand points!
Sorry to interrupt. I'd like to lock up the roof before it gets dark.
Now there's another one!
Oh? This is where you two have been?
And now we even have an overabundance of muscle!
Curses! Is this the end?
There is no hope of restoring the mood.
This experiment was a failure.
Our carefully detailed plan...
The theory we devoted so much time to composing...
Oh, honestly!
I don't care about mood anymore! Hurry up and kiss me!
Y-You're the one who said mood was necessary!
Your execution is entirely too poor!
I-It's not my fault the mood value dropped!
Well, no, but...
Oh, dear...
Oops. Did I barge in on a young couple?
Apparently, those two aren't dating.
What? But they're so insistent about needing to kiss...
At this rate, we will never be able to kiss!
Well, I don't want to give up, either!
But, what do you mean to do about this mood value?
W-Well, I mean...
It might be an experiment, but it's my first, so...
if I have to, I'd prefer a wonderful kiss, but...
I don't know anything about romance, so it just isn't possible for me.
All the other experiments we performed will go to waste.
We just need to hurry up and do it.
Come on. Quickly.
For today...
I've chosen a spot that seems like it would cause the least damage.
It isn't possible for me?
Don't base decisions on supposition.
One day...
I will...
give you a kiss of the highest theoretical value.
Just you wait.
I will.
What are they making us watch?
These are the findings.
In the kissing experiment,
the pair with the greatest change in vitals, the best pair is...
the Yukimura-Ibarada pair.
Shock!
Yukimura - Ibarada Pair
Yukimura - Kosuke Pair
Himuro - Yukimura Pair
Himuro - Kanade Pair
Ibarada - Kosuke Pair
I couldn't even measure up to Kosuke-kun...
That can't be!
That doesn't make me happy at all.
Hang on, Ibarada!
No matter how you think about it, it's all because we ran around like that!
You've got to be kidding me!
What was the point of this experiment?
Next Time
Proof 7 Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Having a Drinking Party.
Next time, Proof 7.
Science-types Fell in Love, So They Tried Having a Drinking Party.
