Presented by SoulEaterFan
Presented by SoulEaterFan
Hold your breath
Deadly Night awaits us
You desired it,
the world like that
to reflect in those eyes
OOHO
Even if those dreams will be scary
For your sake, Fairy Blue
Breaking of stars
was decorated by
So don't stop believing!
As long as I'm looking at
the brightly shining moon.
The NOISE is kicking around the preestablished harmony.
Flaring up and glaring at the present.
I sneak in.
That time at the GARAGE I saw a dream about unchangeable HEART.
So this day and the same tomorrow gets mixed.
I'm roaring noisily around in sensibility.
My singing heart plays the BEAT.
There's definite evidence.
Hold it in your hands.
Lose it
Hold it in your hands.
Lose it
In the fading moments.
Tears have been secretly shed.
Everything
Gets revealed here.
Everything
Gets adjusted to the ordinary time.
I think that's the way it should be
Following the unclear yellow light.
Go through the darkest nights.
At that time I was too afraid.
But now I'm sending off my life.
You always reflect.
In my proud heart.
We should only protect our beliefs.
Embrace them.
It starts all over everyday.
I'm drowning in the raging waves.
Still haven't awaken from my dream.
We're all here.
I always hear.
The voices of my fellows.
I'm looking for a way to shake off the solitude.
In the winds of waiting.
I have no other way but to move forward.
I believe in the way of life.
Yeah.
Holy Legendary Sword 3
Shibusen's Gang Leader Tale?
Resonance Chain
Playing the Melody of Souls?
S-So this...
is Excalibur?
Victory and glory?
Me, becoming a hero?
If I had the Holy Blade as my partner,
even someone like me would be reborn enveloped in magnificence.
Alright, I guess I'll give it a try!
T-Terribly sorry...
Oi, Hero.
What is it?
Yeah, sorry, but would you go buy us some bread?
Eh? Why me?
Please, mate, this is something only you can do.
Something only I can do?
Leave it to me!
For me, too!
And two cans of juice from the farthest stand.
As it's something only you can do, we'll be counting on you.
Oi, Hero!
Come here for a second.
What is it, Black Star?
Let me practice with you as usual.
Is this really hurting?
Is it hard to get out of?
I-I'll die!
It looks like his moves still need to be improved.
Forget about the whole hero thing. He's just an ordinary student, isn't he?
He's so... dull, you know.
He's so... dull, you know.
Your appeal comes from what you do, man.
Damn it...
I'll surely get my hands on the Holy Blade!
And to this life in which I can never say no...
I'll bid farewell to it!
Holy Legendary Sword 3
Shibusen's Gang Leader Tale?
I'm the great Black Star!
This world's invincible man!
I'm walking to school!
Right, Tsubaki?
Yay!
What?
A fight right from the early morning?
Honestly, what a silly bunch.
Honestly, what a silly bunch.
I was reborn as a hero,
so you have no chance of winning against me.
That Hero did this?
Shibusen's nothing special anymore.
That guy's...
My legend is far more epic than this.
I'll let all students and Meisters hear it out!
Fool.
Well then, my legend began in the 12th century.
Was it on a midsummer day with a scorching sun?
No, it all happened on a chilly fall day.
I was a delinquent back then, and...
Wait, it may already had been winter.
All the bad guys were like friends.
And the hot babes were all fighting over me.
No, it was summer, after all.
A scorching midsummer day.
I was, unlike now, a man as dangerous as a sharp blade.
But I was, for some reason, very elegant.
Everyone said so, they still say so.
Though I say that, maybe they didn't say it as much back then.
They suddenly started saying...
that I was surprisingly gentle.
And to put it this way,
maybe I indeed was elegant.
And so, they were saying it: I was amazing!
I'm still amazing, but I was also a bad boy back then.
All of this, on that elegant winter day.
So, should I carry on with my legend?
Annoying...
But before doing so, there will be a five minute break.
Sit up straight and wait for my return.
Wait up, you stupid creature!
What do you want?
Five minutes haven't passed yet.
Hm, hm? Where have I seen your face before?
Yeah, when we saw you bef
You don't know to sit down and wait? You shameless fool!
Don't point the cane at me!
Did you see it too, Black Star?
My strength...
I'm no longer a failure...
By getting my hands on the Holy Blade, I was reborn as someone filled with power.
Just because you have the Holy Blade, it doesn't really mean that you've changed, right?
Besides, I can't get how you can put up with such an annoying thing.
In what way?
I could easily handle the 1000 conditions that Excalibur set upon me to be his Meister.
It makes me wonder how you couldn't put up with something such as this?
You're an idiot, aren't you?
You think you can endure a daily five hour lecture by the Holy Bl
Now that you mention it...
When my legend commenced, it was on the same day as today, on a Tuesday or a Wednesday.
No, might it have been on a Saturday?
If you were trying to cut us off, at least be more specific!
No, it might have been on a Monday.
No, it was on a Tuesday or on a Wednesday...
But it could have been on a Thursday.
Or even on a Friday, if I think about it.
But there's the possibility of it being on a Tuesday, or even on a Thursday!
But it's also valid for it to have been on a Saturday.
No, Wednesday...
Monday, possibly?
Or, by chance, on a Friday?
No, no, no, almost certain that it was on a...
Shut up!! I can't take it anymore!!
I so wanna kill you!!
Want to have a go?
Let me take part in that fight, too.
I want to check out the one they call the Legendary with my own eyes.
Same for me.
With that guy around...
I can't stay sane.
There's a lame alien here!
Wanna fight?
Killik Lung.
Black Star.
Death the Kid.
A battle of the three best fighters in school against the Holy Blade...
What a good card.
I shall show you the change in power that I attained with my rebirth, too.
Excalibur!
Victory and glory...
are on my side.
How imposing...
In the Legend of the Holy Blade,
you're all merely the tears of a lady.
Shut the hell up!!
You bastard!
You're being cheeky for being Hero!
My name's, Hero the Brave.
Hero the Brave!
Take this!
Heavens strike, Conan the Great!
The ones that cannot follow the light,
cannot deliver a blow on Hero the Brave.
This is firing me up!
Pot of Fire, FFF!
Sanzu River Shot!
What?
He disappeared?
Let this overwhelm you.
Final blow, Hero the Atomic.
Final blow, Hero the Atomic.
Awesome...
The moment he cried out his move, it was as if they were all thrown back on their own.
We don't even know what he did...
How is it?
This is my new, reborn self.
And thus, Shibusen was taken over by the failure as a Meister, Hero.
What will be of Shibusen?
Wait for after the break!
Do you see the power of my reborn self now?
This is truly a legendary peep.
Shut up!
No!
What?
Try and beat me if you don't like this!
You're so perverted!
Excalibur's not around!
Finally!
Everyone worships my reborn self.
I can feel the ecstasy but also the uncertainty of being the chosen one.
He seems to be saying a lot about being reborn and all that, but...
The only thing that's changed is how he feels.
Ox-kun!
How dare they do such an insolent act to my beloved Kim!
You're dead, Hero!
Wait up.
Ox-kun!
Stay calm, Ox-kun.
I wonder how long those two will last.
It's that failure, Hero, after all.
He won't be able to keep up with the Holy Blade's conditions and give up in no time.
Ox-kun, you're scary.
Excalibur's 1000 regulations one has to abide to.
Number 22: On a refreshing morning, start off with a refreshing greeting.
Good morning, Hero.
Good morning, Excalibur.
Well then, let's start another great day today, too!
This day will never come again, so we shall spend it together! Let's enjoy it!
I'll kill them...
Number 452: You are to attend my 5 hour lecture that'll take place daily.
Just as it's stated here, the twenties are the transition period of your life.
A point of division, life's crossroads, a turning point or a change of generation from the old to the new.
Indeed...
My twenties were also my transition period, when I changed from a delinquent to a legend.
My hanging pompadour hairstyle arose many men's jealousy, and they...
some of them, as a group, began to follow a fringe path based on the extreme adoration of my legendary pompadour.
Humans may, to begin with, already be in their youth when they're born.
My youth was that much more amazing in the sense that...
I made philosophical and abstract remarks every day.
That is all!
Number 578: The hero must never tell a lie.
So you're saying that you didn't see anything?
Yes, I didn't see anything.
I see, but what about someone who said they saw something?
No, I didn't see anyone saying they had seen something.
I see...
this is quite a complicated case...
because there was no one there that saw you, and so it can't be proved that you didn't see anything.
Holmes, have you discovered anything?
Yes, I have a fair guess...
So, what do you say?
The culprit is this one.
This very man is the brother of the girl who went missing ten years ago and the culprit of this grand, serial murder revenge tragedy.
So that's how it was...
Piss off!!
Wait, don't throw anything, please!
Ouch!
Number 202: A toilet of the highest degree is to be established.
Still...
Don't build it in a place like this...
This was the only wide place around.
Number 667: You are to praise Excalibur at all times.
Oh, Excalibur!
Oh, Excalibur!
Oh, Excalibur!
Number 172: Long for a spirit of harmony.
That being...
First, the topknot hair.
Hold it! Hold it!
Number 75: Excalibur's birthday is to be celebrated grandly.
When's your birthday?
Everyday!
Annoying!
Is that so?
Then I have to think of at least 365 ways to celebrate it.
Yeah, right!
Number 602: Meals are to always be prepared fresh.
Now, today's ingredient is the red king crab.
My, it looks delicious...
I want to eat some red king crab...
Gladly!
Seconds...
Gladly!
Why?!
Admirable!
You've performed your thousand tasks very well!
Thank you very much!
As a reward I'll present you with a song. Listen carefully!
Yay!
Shinigami-sama...
What we discussed earlier, right?
Yes, it concerns that legendary Holy Blade, Excalibur.
The legendary Holy Blade, Excalibur...
By wielding it, Hero became the leader of Shibusen's gang.
Being a gang leader means sloppy attire, wooden clogs and picking fights everywhere.
Also very emotional, though with many followers.
Truly a man amongst men.
And the activity they pursue in their club is setting up a cheering squad.
But wait, when did our school adopt the gang system?
Beats me... I wonder when...
I didn't think this stuff existed anymore... gang leaders.
Of course, there will always be gang leaders.
That's awesome, Hero!
Fulfilling those unthinkable thousand tasks...
You've gotten yourself an amazing partner!
My reborn self is to be revered!
Everyone, behold! Look!
That Hero is being overconfident.
I guess, in a way, it's his ideal partner.
Please tell me it isn't so! They're not doing this to that failure, Hero! I don't believe this!
Though there are always outcomes that people will have trouble understanding,
they thought this odd bond between the Holy Blade and failure as a Meister would go on forever, however...
Today was a lot of fun, too!
Task Number 573: When walking, always walk three steps behind me. Or have you forgotten?
Sorry, sorry.
Then, on our way.
It's just sneezing. Let's go.
Sneezing?
Oi, Hero!
Good morning, Black Star. Do you need any bread?
No... huh?
No... huh?
I feel like you're back to your usual self...
What happened to the Holy Blade?
Oh, that...
I put it back... that thing...
I put it back... that thing...
How come? You were doing just fine, weren't you?
The sneezes...
Once he starts sneezing, there's no stopping it!
Sneezing, you know?
Saliva comes out and it's noisy...
Doing it continuously is unimaginable!
Really, he's better off dead... that prick...
Is that what you can't stand about him?
Here I was, thinking I was reborn...
Hey, isn't there any other good way?
That goes without saying!
Learn from me!
I am the man who will overcome God.
Just by looking at my way of life, you will be reborn in no time!
The weak will just have to struggle to their hearts' content.
Well...
For starters, I'll try weight training.
Allow me to narrate my entire legend from the very start.
By the way, this top hat of mine is highest quality England seaweed roll.
Shut up!!
