Is there something?
Is that?
Haku-sama
does this mean
Do you say it?
To make recognizes Haku-sama more
It is a very sensitive
- Say, O commoner
What is the maid cafe?
maid?
Cafe?
- Well, that
As if the mechanism to be Miss, it formed to be a terrorist firing from Oshaltha
So, what is the maid cafe?
Maids go to meet?
Maids?
Looking forward to it?
Kemeto-sama, do you think this is what it?
In other words, Kemeto-sama you say you love the maids?
Huh? Well, for
booked up
Sir? I, I am your servant Kemeto-sama!?
Is there something wrong?
Lato.. How many attendees to your party today, sir?
What?
Is it not strange that you ask how many attendees to your party, sir?
Otherwise this what you mean by saying that when preparing for your application?
- huh! I think they represent beautifully - this let us not shrink them put to
- and serious - .. Ica-sama Leave you this
What kind of silly nonsense!?
Ideas Bakatkm was strange too, is not it?
For what you sit here and according to what we do next Arna
Kemeto-sama, please?
Verse?
- No, I just can not
Kajorzaka-sama is interested in maid?
- to make a savory taste, Mio-Mio
Haku, you are interested in the game?
No rule states that you play until you win the maid, okay?
Kemeto-sama, what we have to do now?
Wah, Kemeto you had to say that, is not it?
Huh?
Please listen to Ava Maria
Hey, what you are doing?
K-Kemeto-sama, what do you think?
How can I leave you care about it?
What do you mean by this?
Huh?
What about washing clothes and wear clothes and see you every morning?
And play Mew-Mew and Kerr-Bio but women do not in any kind of personal care never?
How can this?
You can be nicknamed even a servant?
So, Kemeto-sama Do you like slang maids?
Kajorzaka-sama
If approved, Can you come to see us at work?
To see this again this place is huge, huh
So it is not clean everything requires a lot of work?
Well, let me show you everything about the facility, okay?
me too?
Oh, yes?
Haku-sama, what do you say to explain to the Kajorzaka-sama place?
Is this something she created, Haku?
Huh? Want to make something together?
What do you make?
Ummm? What speeches?
Do you have big hands?
Haku, small hands, huh?
Is there something wrong?
- What do you mean, b continued? - This teaser
Are you loved?
Haku-sama, it's time to diet, right?
Is the time limit for this late? Haku eating do you want?
Haku Kemeto
- but our names - this is normal
Well, do you Sospb a problem if asked individual dishes?
- I apologize? - I said that we need individual dishes
- Huh? But you Tmlkounam not it? A group of them were stacked in
This was a deliberate clearly, is not it?
Is it good?
What kind of this science fiction!?
Ummm? Excuse me, can I get a spoon as well?
- this please continued to kiss and ye not take part directly -
- Oh, it's there, I'll have one by
If this is true, it has to see a doctor, is not it?
So do you want to eat?
When this kind possessed anyway!?
And you are there, those straws, right?
Thus Raatkma two, not Konkma Habiba Habib seems?
Huh? How is that?
Oh, for
But it has a beautiful face too, huh?
- What speeches
Huh? Head of the servants all of this influence?
Our top go too?
What?
So, what do you think? Do you understand a little more now?
To be slang sample?
What can this? Do you felt something? Or something like that?
Haku, you are interested in the game?
What are your intentions?
I thought I understood the ethics of all this world expanding
I thought so it's enough to follow what leads me to him daily
Feelings that can not be predicted, and the usefulness of the guide
The dividing line between the cheek mixing red, dark blue
And before I know about it, it made it hard to say inside or outside my heart
Do not disappear in the twilight, near to see what it all I
I'm sure that everything will be an opportunity to love
Bring your tears and your dreams, which are forced to hide your smile Well?
I will come to you days that you will Mhassoda everyone
Translation of Vergil vergil-sub.blogspot.com
Translation of Vergil vergil-sub.blogspot.com
Spices yakiniku
Such as the kind of love Confect
Which melt in my mouth
Pulse in my heart
Sweet and puzzling
I am ready to go for this
I love thee, O
I will give you all the feelings of my heart
I am deeply fascinated by the commoners
I Odrsk every day
You did not pick up telepathically so far?
what are you? cool?
Oh, you understand, you hide Khgelk, huh?
Such as the kind of love Confect
Which melt in my mouth
Pulse in my heart
Sweet and puzzling
I am ready to go
Here's my love of
I will give you all the feelings of my heart
I was curious in this matter some time ago, but what are you're going to get?
