For some odd reason, it felt like something was amiss.
On TV, there was a match between two teams that I had never heard of before,
but for some odd reason, I felt compelled to cheer for the losing team.
And, again for some odd reason, I had the feeling that Haruhi was about to cause a commotion again.
Incoming: Suzumiya Haruhi
How did I know that?
Kyon-kun, the phone.
You don't have to tell me. I know.
You're free today, right?
We're all meeting in front of the station at exactly 2 o'clock.
Make sure you come!
I didn't even get to say a thing.
What?
I forgot to tell you what to bring.
Bring your swimming gear and lots of money!
And make sure you go there on a bike. Over!
No thanks.
Once again, for some odd reason I have this feeling that I knew exactly what Haruhi was going to say.
No, that's not it.
More accurately, I get the feeling that the exact same thing had happened before.
Is this what they call deja vu?
Summer is going to end soon, huh?
Endless Eight
You're late, Kyon!
You need to show more enthusiasm!
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry for making you guys wait.
I just got here too.
Since everyone is here, let's go!
To where?
To the public pool, of course!
Well, since we brought all this, I guess we would be.
Since it's summer, we should have summer activities like what other people do in the summer!
We're never going to get back the time we lost, you know?
That's why we're doing this right now.
This is our once-in-a-lifetime freshman summer vacation!
By the way, we're going to the pool by bike.
Tell me you guys brought your bikes too.
No. You and I are the only ones who brought bikes.
Got it, Kyon?
You can't lose to Koizumi-kun.
Now, commence take off!
Here I go
Hurry up and get off your bikes, you guys!
We came here to have fun! Why are you two worn out already?
Whose fault do you think it is? Whose?!
Ah, the smell of chlorine! This is what it's all about!
Hurry up and get in!
The water is nice and warm!
Can't she see the signs that say No Diving?
It looks like fun, doesn't it?
It's quite a pleasant scene.
Also, it's peaceful.
Don't you think Suzumiya-san may have found a normal way of enjoying things?
She called me to go out all of a sudden, and then hung up on me after stating her one-sided demands.
You can't exactly say that's normal.
Really now.
If you want me to be the one calling you, I'll gladly do it.
Seeing her having so much fun, there shouldn't be anything happening that will endanger the world.
If only that were true...
What's wrong?
Nothing. It's probably just my imagination.
We've been through all sorts of things since spring.
I think I might have become a little neurotic.
It's hot!
It's hot!
It's hooot!
Man, it'd be more appropriate to call this place a pool for the masses than a pool for the public.
Why did Haruhi choose this kind of place anyway?
I'm getting that feeling again.
I feel like I've seen this somewhere before.
For some odd reason, Nagato looks like she's bored.
Kyon!
That's right. Then Haruhi said something like...
These two are my brigade members.
They'll listen to everything I say.
So ask them anything!
Come on, let's go have fun!
We're going to play water soccer!
Okay, okay.
Well, deja vu happens all the time, I guess.
Here I come, Mikuru-chan!
Okay!
I came up with an action plan for the rest of summer. What do you think?
All of this in less than two weeks.
Mikuru-chan, do you have anything you want to do?
Umm, I would like to scoop up goldfish.
Okay! Goldfish scooping it is.
Excuse me.
Thanks.
We'll start tomorrow.
I wonder if there's an Obon festival being held near here.
A fireworks festival would be nice too.
I'll look into it.
Don't forget the goldfish scooping!
It's Mikuru-chan's one passionate desire, after all.
Understood.
I'm the one paying again...
Well, that's it for today!
That's it for me too.
Me too.
Nagato!
Ah, no. It's nothing really...
How've you been feeling lately?
You okay and everything?
I'm okay.
That's great.
Yes...
Why?
Why did I call out to her?
The next morning.
The call that stole my indolence away was, once again, from Haruhi.
Tonight at the public sports ground.
We're going to buy yukatas together!
Haruhi led us into a bulk clothing store,
personally chose Asahina-san and Nagato's yukatas,
and then immediately proceeded to drag them into the changing rooms.
After making us wait for nearly an hour,
the three of them finally returned.
Woah, they look great on you girls.
Of course! I picked them out, after all.
Especially Mikuru-chan!
It's so cute! Just what I'd expect from myself!
Y-Yes it is...
Turning red triples your cuteness!
Bon dancing, huh? It attracts quite the crowd.
It should be my first time in a while,
so why do I get the feeling that I've been here just recently?
That stage...
That food stall...
Mikuru-chan!
They have the goldfish scooping that you wanted to do over there!
Let's scoop non-stop!
Okay.
Shall we do the same? How about a little competition?
I'll pass.
Aside from that, Nagato, do you want to get something to eat?
You're interested in that stuff?
Which do you want?
It's all right.
This.
Sure!
That's 800 yen.
For some odd reason, I feel like she's been looking after me, so paying for that would've been fine, but...
Man, we had a huge catch today! Huge!
But we just took one because we didn't need all of them.
And another one for Mikuru too.
It's okay for you to have one.
Thanks.
Huh? Yuki, what's with the mask?
I bought it.
Oh, really.
Right! Fireworks are next! Fireworks!
Let's do that to finish the day off!
Haven't you ever heard of the saying Dont bite off more than you can chew?
When it's summer, there's summer vacation.
So if I could have, I'd rather have forgotten about it, but I came to realize something.
We'll go bug catching tomorrow.
Haruhi, having fun is great and all, but have you finished your homework?
What're you talking about?
I finished all of that in three days.
Three days?!
Finish off all that tedious stuff so you can actually enjoy yourself.
That's the right way to enjoy summer!
Why is this person so smart?
The distribution of attributes is pretty random.
Everyone!
We're catching bugs tomorrow!
The person who catches the most will be Brigade Chief for one day!
No thanks.
Sounds interesting.
So it counts as long as it's any kind of bug?
Well, umm...
Cicadas only!
That's right. This will be the SOS Brigade's...
Cicada Catching Competition!
The next day, we got what you could call a ridiculously nice day.
The participants fought valiantly, but...
For some familiar reason or another, the winner was Haruhi.
We should go with a catch-and-release mentality.
They might repay us with a favor in the future.
And what exactly can a cicada do for us?
Here, go back to the mountains!
For some reason, it felt like we were opening Pandora's Box.
The next day, we were gathered for some random reason,
given a bunch of random frog costumes,
and ended up handing out balloons in front of a supermarket as a small part-time job.
Thanks for your work everyone!
Why are being we treated like slaves?
Good job!
The manager was really grateful!
I don't need the old man's gratitude.
Where's our pay?
This is it.
What?
I've wanted this for a while now!
He said hed give it to us because of Mikuru-chan!
You made us do all that work just for the sake of getting that?
Let's decorate the clubroom with this in commemoration!
Mikuru-chan, you can wear it whenever you feel like it.
I give you my permission!
That night.
My slumber was once again stolen away by none other than a phone call.
Damnit.
Kyon-kun...
Asahina-san?
Yes, it's me.
Something bad has...
If this goes on... I'll...
Um...
Hello. It's me, Koizumi.
Why are you together with Asahina-san?
A slight problem has occurred.
Do you think you could come here right now?
I'll be there immediately.
Where?
What exactly happened, Asahina-san?
Uuu, Kyon-kun...
I can't go back to the future anymore!
In short, that's what happened.
We're currently looping through the same period of time over and over again.
For something so absurdly unrealistic, you said that quite cheerfully.
Koizumi, do you have any idea what you're saying?
I do.
There's nothing more to it.
I was talking to Asahina-san just now.
Call me up too! For that sort of meeting.
As a result, I happened to notice that the flow of time has felt strange lately.
Asahina-san was the one who discovered it.
Thanks to that, I was able to confirm something.
Confirm what?
We're experiencing a repeat of the same time over and over again.
You told me that already.
To be precise, the loop occurs from August 11th to August 31st.
It's an endless summer.
The world now has lost all time past September 1st.
That's the reason why Asahina-san is unable to return to the future.
I guess that's only natural.
What part of physics argues that a state of No Future is natural?
Who the hell would believe that?
I was hoping that you would believe it, at least.
Um, I'll give you an explanation too...
Well, I use *classified information* to communicate with the future
and do things dealing with *classified information*.
This is strange...
And then *classified information*.
I was really surprised, so I did *classified information* out of panic,
but it was completely *classified information*...
Even if you ask me why, I have no idea.
Was she just using the term classified information as a replacement for censoring words?
Are we trapped inside something similar to an enclosed space?
No, that's not the case.
One part of the time continuum has just been cut up.
When we reach August 31st, everything will be reset at exactly 2400 hours,
and we will return to August 11th again. That's the process.
So what about our... no, the memories belonging to the entire human race?
That also gets reset.
Everything starts over from the beginning again.
And then time replays itself again, huh?
Well, I get the feeling that it can't be helped, since people from the future are involved with this.
No. This one has nothing to do with Asahina-san.
Then who's the cause of this?
Probably Suzumiya-san.
She might be unaware of it herself, but...
a part of her might not want summer to end.
What the hell?
Does she have some sort of regret?
I believe so.
It may very well be the fact that she feels like she still has something she needs to do during summer vacation.
Way to blow some meaningless, small issue into galactic proportions.
So what do you want me to do?
If I knew, I would have already resolved it.
You're too close.
I've been thinking this for a while now,
but you're having fun, aren't you?
You are too, aren't you?
I've finally managed to solve the riddle of deja vu being left as imprints from past loops.
Now that I think about it,
I've come to understand that the imprints are simply what you would call the remains of a memory reset.
Are you telling me that everyone else in the world feels it too?
It doesn't look like it.
You and I are special cases.
Just by being close to Suzumiya-san,
we've become the only ones capable of feeling it.
What about Haruhi?
She isn't the least bit aware of this fact?
It doesn't look like it at all.
It would probably be a lot more complicated if she did.
It's just that, with the deja vu,
I'm thinking that there must be someone who has retained all of his or her memories of the repeated time.
And who would that someone be?
I think you'll know without me having to say it.
It's Nagato-san.
Being outside the constraints of space and time,
the Integrated Data Sentient Entity most likely knows the most.
Is this true?
Yes.
Do you remember everything?
Yes.
Out of curiosity, how many times have we been reset?
This is the fifteen thousand, four hundred and ninety eighth time we've had this discussion.
Fifteen thousand, four hundred and ninety eight?
What do you mean by 15,498?
Nagato, what are you talking about?
Are you being serious?
Yes.
So we did the same thing over and over again each and every one of those times?
That is not necessarily the case.
In the last 15,498 times,
we did not go to the Obon festival 2,391 of those times.
Another 11,054 times, we went twice.
Also, Obon minus the goldfish scooping occurred 437 times.
Part-time work has been conducted a total of 9,025 times.
Among which there have been six variations-
Okay, that's enough.
15,498 times. That's what Nagato said.
Times the 2 weeks is... uhh, about 594 years.
Was she simply enduring all that time alone, living it over and over again while retaining her memories?
Nagato, just how does it feel to have lived through all of this?
I ended up hearing something ridiculous again.
The next day was stargazing.
The venue was the rooftop of Nagato's apartment.
Koizumi prepared the telescope.
I wonder if they're there?
What?
Martians.
I don't really want them to exist.
It looks like there's no one on the surface.
They might just be a timid people that live underground.
They're probably a friendly bunch.
There's no way that could happen.
The day humans first set foot on Mars,
Sounds like it'd be mistaken for an attack.
Jeez, this is boring.
Let's look for UFOs!
What exactly does she want to do, anyway?
I wonder.
Once we figure that out, this problem will be relatively straightforward to solve.
Why don't we try this out for starters?
Suddenly hug Suzumiya-san from behind,
and whisper in her ear: I love you.
And who's doing that?
There's no one more suitable than you!
I'll have to exercise my right to veto!
I'll pass on this one!
Shall I do it then?
I'm just kidding.
I'm not qualified for that role.
I would only put Suzumiya-san into an unnecessary state of confusion.
The next place we went to was the batting center.
Hey, Nagato.
Even before you talked to Asahina-san,
you already realized everything was repeating, right?
Yes.
So why did you keep quiet about it?
My mission is to observe.
I see.
The string of vigorous summer vacation events continued.
And we continued to be carried away along with them.
Of course, I knew that this still wouldn't leave Haruhi satisfied,
so I didn't make any effort to do anything.
While were running around having fun, August 30th arrived.
With that, we've pretty much completed our summer plans.
I wonder if it's okay like this?
But...
I guess that's it.
Hey, do any of you want to do anything else?
Fine.
We've already done so much this summer, so it's probably enough.
No. This isn't fine.
You aren't supposed to be satisfied yet!
Well, let's call it a day then.
I'll let you have tomorrow off to prepare for school.
Let's meet in the club room the day after tomorrow.
Wait, Haruhi!
This again...
Deja vu!
And this feels stronger than before.
I can't let Haruhi go home like this!
If I let her go home now,
all those ten thousand something weeks will just end up being repeated again!
But what should I do?
What should I say?
There should be hints in Haruhi's words!
But what are they?
What did she say until now?
I don't know.
I can't remember...
August 31st.
Homework: unfinished.
I don't care anymore.
Whatever happens, happens.
If it really does repeat again,
doing this homework would be meaningless.
Even if we happen to get to tomorrow...
Well, I'll just have to leave it to myself to figure out later.
