Ehyaya, I forgot that censorates can see dark energy
I miscalculated
It's a monster
It's a chick
What a coincidence
Hey you, come down here
Explain what's going on with these Zombie Seals
Don't speak to girls like that
I'll come down
Get off, what are you doing!
Yeah, when is it our turn?
No, that's not what I meant
Bad landing, it's so embarrassing
It's a new spell so I'm not good at it yet
Please don't laugh at me
I must have offended you guys
I hope you understand
First explain to me what you have to do with these zombie seals
I don't even know what it says, how would I have anything to do with it?
This seal is unknown to her, she mustn't be a suspect
She's also pretty cute
You're a censorate from the three great academies right?
You must have great understanding of seal scripts
Can you take a look for me?
Please, big bro
It's the first time a girl gave me something, it's really embarrasing
It's not like it's a love confession or anything
The seal reads...
Explosive Seal?
What is this situation? It was clearly a Zombie Seal
President! Are you alright?
He passed out
What a group of idiots, so easily fooled
Your suspicions where correct, everything was my doing
I specialize in Zombie research, what's wrong with that?
I swapped the Zombie Seal with an Explosive Seal
Blockheads, accept your demise
Censorates are no pushovers, that's why I hid some tricks up my sleeves
But when it comes to you guys, you're not even worth mentioning
Dahm it, you dare plot against the president
Now that the only one in your group who can deal with Zombie Gas has fallen
Without his powers, resistance is futile!
Zombies, come forth!
I'll turn you into zombies, and make you my servants
Release the Zombie Gas!
You've bragged for long enough
You're getting complacent
So you were the one behind everything, you've really made me royally pissed
My body, it won't move
What are you going to do to me?
You're cheating!
It's too late to beg for mercy
Whether you're human or not, monster or not, those who endanger the lives of others, I'll never forgive them!
Save me!
What?
Nightwatcher
My Soul Gong, she broke it so effortlessly
Let rocks pierce the clouds
As they shatter stars and bombard the moon
Reveal the treasure of the sky
The Dreaded Metal Calabash!
Even though my body has been paralyzed, it doesn't prevent me from using my Magic Weapon
Tsk, It's another impure spirit
Dahm it! Why do I always have to deal with crazy women with calabash's on their heads
This Nightwatcher is no match for me
Your magic weapons has been broken
Let's see what you can do now
Release Zombie Gas!
Did you forget about me?
So annoying! Who are you? Zombies, capture him!
Chain Fire, Steel Bones, Skull Bash!
This guy is really skilled, I've underestimated him
One Hit KO!
I've run out of stamina
Yeyan, this is all I can do for you now
My ass! Why didn't you attack her when she was paralyzed?
There's no need to act cool, are you retarded?
So that's what happened, although he defeated the Zombies, he inhaled Zombie Gas in the process
So stupid
Now, you're the only one left
Release Zombie Gas!
It's the president's pecker
Who's pecker are you talking about?
President!
My pecker also has the same ability, you didn't expect that didn't you?
I was hopeful for a moment
That scared me, it it was a last stand wasn't it?
Finally, no one can save you now
Metal calabash appear
Golden Fissure
Last time I only used three power levels
This time I'll use ten power levels!
Defenceless and vulnerable, let's see what you'll become!
It's finally calmed down
What is that? What is that monster!
Let me introduce you to my Chaos Beast
Stop pulling tricks form your sleeves
You should've used everything at the start
What is this monster?
Chaos Beast's elasticity is out of this world
Any physical attack is useless against him
Even a thousand year Calabash has no effect on him
Gong banger, don't get cocky, Zombie 2.0!
You still dare resist
You Pay-To-Win gamer
It's cheating!
I'm outta here!
Hold it! Chaos Beast, chase after her!
(Please no, the school's going to be bankrupt)
Dahm it, Chaos Beast is almost at his limit
I have to catch her before that happens
Dahm it, schools started you know, why aren't you home doing homework?
Stray Spirit?
Huang Xiao-Yan, You've come at the right moment, hurry and catch her!
This time, there's nowhere to run
Fuck, is this really happening?
