kanada taichi in morioka, in june.

shimada osamu in yokohama, in august.

yamato hiroshi in nagoya, in september. these three died in similar circumstances. they were stabbed to death by a cursed spirit  at the entrances to their apartments, and all of them had filed the same complaint

with the property managers  several weeks before dying. they claimed their auto-locking  doors were left wide open.

none of the other residents have  any idea what could have happened.

apparently, the cursed spirit made the  door operators go crazy, not the sensors.

and as for whether or not the same  cursed spirit was behind this... well, we could not be certain  from just the residuals. after all, a lot of time had already passed. so we tried to track down any  connections between the three. we found that all three attended  the same middle school for two years.

precisely. that is highly likely. so we are going to that middle school now

and i want you three to see  what you can find as sorcerers.

yes, it is... well, this sucks. he died the same way the other three did.

he lived with his family,  so there was no auto-locking door, but he was killed in front of the entrance. previously, upon returning home alone, he reported, "the door was unlocked,  but it would not open," to his other family members.

i asked his parents, too, but they said they did not know what  relationship he had with the other three. man, there goes our only lead!

i sure hope so. for now, i have secured an appointment  with a teacher, so i am counting on you.

we have permission to be here.

so this man's been here a long time?

then i leave the rest to you!

i think that is it.

yeah.

we are here. koi no kuchi canyon, yasohachi bridge.

once you confirm a cursed  spirit's here, i will lower a veil.

i see. which means this is not it.  guess it is back to square one.

bungee jumping was all the rage then, right? so maybe the act of jumping off is the key?

huh? what?! you mean you jumped  with that vinyl cord?!

has anything odd happened at home recently?

when did the issue with  your automatic door start?

just with your automatic door. but it has nothing to do  with morishita-san's death. fushiguro-kun and the others are  helping me with my college report. "electromagnetic waves from haunted  locations and their effects on electronics." it is a huge pain in my gut! but i want to hear from all kinds of people, so i would love to hear who you went with. we would better save her,  after lying to her like this.

okay, then i will escort these two home. please keep working on the report.

i cannot let you both go home on one bike!

the procedure, right? fujinuma-san did not go  over yasohachi bridge. they held their test of  courage under the bridge.

most likely, you cannot get  below it from up above. the cursed spirit is within its barrier,  so the procedure's important. you go at night, from underneath. and one more thing...

the cursed spirit is within its barrier,  so the procedure's important. you go at night, from underneath. and one more thing... at the bottom of the canyon, there might be a river. crossing a river or other border—  acts that symbolize crossing to the afterlife— carry important meaning in sorcery.