an eight-car train is pulling in. please wait behind the yellow line.

please do not lean on the platform doors  or reach your hands or face past them.the following footage was recorded by  our crew, who happened to be on-site reporting on a different matter at the  time of the incident in tokyo the other day. please have a look.next, the explosion that occurred  yesterday in hamamatsu, shizuoka.

the explosion was caused  by degradation of gas pipes. our reporter on the scene...and all the boats are off at once. from the inside, we have numbers  1, 2, 4, 5, 3, and 6 starting the race. they are off with a beautiful straight shot.

number 6, hateno, crosses the line first! number 1, doguchi, finishes next! following them in third is number 2, matsuda. in fourth is number 4, nakaoka.

in fifth is number 3, tanaka.

in sixth is number 5,  okazaki, finishing last! number 6, hateno, has given us an amazing  comeback to watch in his first race!

that was our third race of the day.

who will be the ace of the next generation? this will be an important match  to help us find out. number 6's final position  is finally starting to solidify. now, the fifth race, the one all eyes  are focused on, is about to begin.

and they are off. numbers 1 and 2 make a good start,  favoring the inside. number 3 trails a bit behind.

taking the lead at the first mark of  the first lap is number 2, yamazaki.

behind him is number 1, masaki. they are followed by number 3, kawano.

then comes number 4, nomiya, number 5,  mifune, and in last is number 6, funegi.

number 3, kawano,  is making a rushing comeback! he is pulled into first place!

he is managed to take the lead twice now.

this race has been  filled with ups and downs. can number 3, kawano,  defend his position at the top?

the race is now entering its third lap.

what?! number 3, kawano, just lost his balance,  and number 2, yamazaki, is passing him! number 3 has drifted far to the outside,

but he is righted his boat  and is chasing after them! but there is now a considerable  gap between them!

number 2, yamazaki, crosses the goal first! number 5, mifune, crosses next.

number 1, masaki, crosses next,  followed by number 3, kawano. following them is number 4, nomiya,  and last is number 6, funegi.