what is wrong with that, old ogami? it is finally starting to feel real to me. satoru gojo really has been sealed. i am getting excited. i wonder what is going to  happen to this country now.think the sorcerers will realize it? this is the place that stands out  the most within the veil, right?

yeah. the lower floors are swarming  with those transfigured humans. they will not be able to  climb up here that fast. wires?!

do these bastards know  about the entrusted veil?

good grief. youngsters these days have  no pity for the elderly.

so full of life. what promising futures. makes it worth killing you.

it ripped halfway through.

shut up.

my job is killing people. so i need to really understand  how the human body works. we were free. the sorcerers had their hands  full with the cursed spirits that had grown more active over the years. as long as we did things right, we could easily earn a living  without being tied down by anything. we curse users were free to  live and do as we pleased. satoru gojo?

a kid?

cursed spirits had been growing  stronger over the years... and in that instant,  i understood exactly why! because of him! satoru gojo! it was the same as when an insurmountable  track and field record was suddenly broken! the same as when figure  skaters all started adding more revolutions to their  jumps due to one athlete! the balance of the world changed  when satoru gojo was born!

we were free. and in our later years,  that freedom was stolen from us! screw him! i will never retire! i will trample over the weak until the day i die! this is fun!

what a lousy bluff. "gojo has been sealed." you were the ones shouting that so loudly. that is why we are out here having fun, you know. if gojo was still active,  we would be sleeping at home.

if you do not want to fight,  then i will kill you now.

the type of shikigami  that distracts with numbers? so they are planning to launch a big attack  from the cover of these hares, huh? they are gone! they ran away?!

what the hell is this? appearing and disappearing...  talk about restless. if you are a man, be clear and decisive!

huh? what is with this brat's power?! he is giving me chills!

this guy's engine is getting revved up, too! yes, yes! a finishing blow! my technique is inverse. while activated, attacks that hit me are made  weaker the stronger they are, and the weaker they are,  the stronger they become. not one person has ever managed to dodge my  counter after landing their finishing blow. the more serious you two get,  the less chance you have against me!

when... did they figure it out?! but still... do not get cocky over that, you brats! he stopped it?! he killed his momentum for just a moment—