tsk.

yeah, yeah.

blood manipulation: convergence.

supernova.i am getting revenge for my younger brothers, and killing yuji itadori and nobara kugisaki. then i will go get the rest of my brothers from  where they are being kept in jujutsu high.

not my problem.

and if i find him first, i kill him. that okay?my blood got mixed with  yours through piercing blood. of course it is.apologize... to my brothers in the afterlife!

he got away.blood manipulation: slicing exorcism.yuji itadori! i will avenge my brothers!we will side with the cursed spirits.

the future those cursed spirits painted  is more convenient for us. that is all there is to it. forget about owing them  for our manifestation. now listen, brothers. eso, you live for kechizu. kechizu, you live for me. and i will live for you, eso. we three are one.

we three are one.

we three are one.

my younger brothers died.

what is going on? it is one thing if he was fully manifested, but i find it hard to believe those two were  killed by a single finger of a cursed spirit.yuji itadori! my brothers' killer! convergence!

piercing blood. a double impact? what an odd technique. there is something i have to ask you. did my little brothers leave  behind any last words?

tsk. i am talking about the ones you two killed.

eso! kechizu! watch over me... this is your older brother!

he is luring me out. fine, then.

supernova.

tsk. i got hasty. it was not compressed enough.

idiot. that only leads to the  restrooms and the elevator. no matter which you run to,  you are trapped like a rat. what is that sound? this guy has beaten my brothers before. those two would not lose to some idiot. there is also that second voice  that suddenly appeared. it would be right to assume  he is planning something. do not let your guard down.

i will kill you!

too bad. that was your last chance. you are the one with nowhere to run now! convergence dissolved?!

flowing red scale - stack.

blood manipulation: blood meteorite.

three hits. a mere three hits, not counting the ones i guarded against. those blows i took from itadori  dealt this much damage to me... blood meteorite's only  strength is its hardness. it does not have the speed  or impact of piercing blood. if i had not caught him by surprise,  it would not have been able to pierce him.

bring it.

too bad. he is still breathing. apologize... to my brothers in the afterlife!

what?

what is happening? you are...