run away, with your backs to me.

what speed... while carrying someone, too. tsk... they will get away. well, no matter.

you do not need to worry. my younger brother's blood does not  have the same quality as mine. and even mine will not kill you  unless your entire body's bathed in it. though it will hurt like hell. this is where our technique starts.

my blood, and my brothers' blood,

is absorbed through wounds and membranes, and then, once any of us  brothers activates the technique, it begins to rot you away  from the point of incursion. i would give that young man  about fifteen minutes. ten minutes max for you, young lady. by morning, nothing but bones will remain.

the result is essentially a poison, but our technique is purely "decomposition." i have finished revealing our technique. now they will actually die even faster. so, what will you do now? elder brother, these sorcerers  did not amount to much.

i have no memories of a mother. humans and sorcerers... it is not that i hold any  special grudge against them. for 150 years, we remained sealed away with nothing  but each others' existence to rely on.

are you sure? they seemed shady, elder brother.

i live for my brothers. if it is what my brothers desire, i will give my life to grant it for them. if the suffering is too great, would you like me to end you right away?

a technique to turn the curse on the user? a game of chicken... so unless i release our technique,  this will continue?

that is quite intense, but no matter how many times she  does it, it will not end our lives. as long as we hold out,  you will be the ones to die! not to mention,

how are you able to move that well?

the result is essentially a poison, but our technique is purely "decomposition."

kechizu!

that is nothing! he switched! with the woman close to death, putting her against my brother,  who is closer to death! does she think she can stop  my movement forever?! woman! do i release the technique or not? i cannot go and save my brother like this! i cannot unleash wing king  while decay is active. but does that woman have enough  strength left to kill my brother? even with her interference, this man will not be able  to kill me before she dies, so i cannot release the technique!

i was already releasing it before i even knew it. wing king! what was that black light just now? i know i reinforced my arm with  cursed energy before taking his punch! but the next thing i knew, my whole arm  and shoulder had been blown away. ahh, younger brother! do not die, my brother!

kechizu...

i am sorry, elder brother. even though i was with him...

speed up. hit the brakes and you are dead. both you and him. got it? do not follow me, jujutsu sorcerer. once i heal my wounds, i will make sure to kill these two,  especially that woman. i am sorry, kechizu... i was not able to mourn you. but i will get revenge for— what is that woman doing?

damn it! it was not a technique to  turn the curse on the user?!

and sukuna's manifestation  was only the trigger.you are a woman? well, pardon me. we brothers were tasked with an errand. but killing jujutsu sorcerers  is not part of that. if you withdraw, we will let you escape, young lady.

hm? i presumed you were  on the same errand.

our objective here... is to retrieve sukuna's finger.

a huge presence suddenly appeared. did sukuna's finger leave the barrier? if a sorcerer exorcised the finger's host, they are quite good.

i misspoke. please forget what i just said.

i am a bit insecure about my back, you see. this is your warning. if you see my back, i will kill—

y-y-y-you saw, did not you?!

i will kill you!

because it gets musty!