you can do it!

yeah! i know that is what my mother said, but i chose the blue backpack anyway. we moved to this village at the same  time i was starting elementary school. my parents were worried about  the inconveniences of the countryside, but i did not like being  separated from my friends. there were nineteen  students in the whole school. not just one class. everyone had either a red  or a black backpack. i liked both red and black, but apparently everyone hated blue.

huh? th-thank you.

huh?

huh?

my backpack came back to me  before the day was over.

huh? after that day, nobara-chan started  coming over to my house a lot and playing video games with my father.

nobara-chan hated the other villagers.

i thought, "is not that a good thing?" when the old lady next  door brought red rice to celebrate my first  period several years later, i finally understood the creepiness  that nobara-chan was referring to.

sometimes nobara-chan would say  things you would not expect from a child, but then she would suddenly  say things like that, too.

thinking back, those were probably  things she picked up from someone else. like her mother, maybe.

nobara-chan's so-called secret base  was just someone else's house.

the girl's name was saori-chan, and she had moved into  the village after i had. we always visited her out of the blue, and she always welcomed us  without a hint of displeasure. now that i think about it,  saori-chan was always at home. nobara-chan changed  after she met saori-chan.

you sound like matsuko-san.

again? her speech grew softer, and it felt like she started  to become more refined. we were both outsiders, but everything was different  between me and saori-chan. a little while after that, things at saori-chan's house  started to look strange. there was piled up trash, graffiti, snow that was clearly piled up in front  of it by someone else, and so on. it made her nice house  start to feel unsettling. not too much longer after that, saori-chan moved away. i saw her off together with nobara-chan, but i cannot remember what the weather was  like or what anyone said at the time. i only remember nobara-chan bawling  with tears streaming down her face. i realized she could cry, too, and the shock of that meant  nothing else made it into my mind. in june of this year, nobara-chan was set to start  going to high school in tokyo. she fought with her grandma over it,  and that apparently caused some delays.

sure. the awful thought of, "so she will not  cry for me," crossed my mind, and left me unable to speak. we never spoke of saori-chan  again after that day.

yeah!