come on, bring me  something easier to digest.

apparently, i got off easier because  my cursed energy was all dried up. ieiri-san was still able to fix me up  as soon as the roots were removed.

itadori. you have grown stronger. back then, we both said our  convictions were proper ones. i still think that is true. or, put another way, we are both wrong.

that is right. there is no answer. it is just whether or not you can accept it. but there is no accepting anything  if you cannot have it your way. weak sorcerers cannot do that. so i am going to become strong, too. i will surpass you in no time.

i am fine with that.

no, mah-kun is the mah-kun of tohoku.

she is desperate.

kugisaki, go back.

nice pitch!

inumaki-senpai's a fast runner.

rice.technically, he is my benefactor. technically. that also goes for other  people, too, not just me.

next time, "pandemonium."maki-san!

it is him! that octopus! he is the source of this domain!

ino-san tapped out. itadori's acting on his own.

nanami-san! that octopus currently thinks our  domains are pushing for control. but my goal is different. i will open a small hole in the barrier of this domain! the hole i entered through  is already sealed. it is harder to open one  from inside than outside, but i can open a hole large enough for  someone to pass through for a few seconds. that thing is not gojo-sensei. it should not be able to use domain  expansion multiple times in one day. once we are all out of  this domain, we can win. the edge of his domain is beneath my feet. i can tell, since i touched it when i entered. i am ready to go at any time! if all three of you jump in once...

i am risking my life, but i do not intend to throw it away.the veil keeping sorcerers out  that lowered at the same time, right? it is been some time since  gojo-sensei arrived at the site. why did they choose now, of all times?

itadori?

sealed?!

hey. hey!

at the very least, the age of humans  would probably be over for japan.you all have so much energy. i am going home, then.

yo, what is the big idea?

huh?

so it is like that?!

he definitely does not have a girlfriend.

when he suddenly had to transfer to tokyo,  he did not seem particularly upset about it. he also has a pinup  poster hanging in his room. anyone with a girlfriend would not have  something like that hanging up, right? because she would hate it.

you called me out here  to ask me about this, right? and i always drink it black.

he mentioned he likes tall girls.

what is that?

was that really okay? they could have at least exchanged numbers.

huh?

that so?

here.

do not just advance the conversation  assuming we are going to see wormo man.

but on the other hand...but what are you going to do when someone  you saved kills someone else in the future?

so i have never once regretted saving you.no, i have not.

this image is crazy.they cannot. there are only so many  workers who can come in here.

what are you doing here, zenin-senpai?

they are twins.

what are you trying to say?

why do i have to talk about my taste in women with a guy i just met?

you be quiet. this is confusing enough already. you will just make it more complicated.

only third-years and under  can join the exchange event.

is this some kind of comedy routine?

kugisaki's unarmed. i would rather avoid confrontation.

i do not have a particular preference. as long as she has unshakable  character, i will not ask for more.

shut up.

is your brain as pineapple as your head? toudou... that toudou? the one involved in last year's unprecedented jujutsu terror attack caused by the curse user, getou—

the night parade of a hundred demons  from kyoto to shinjuku. the one who exorcised a special-grade and five first-grade cursed spirits by himself when the parade appeared in kyoto? that toudou? still, there are several first-grade  sorcerers capable of beating a special-grade. what is shocking is... i heard you do not use cursed techniques.

he does not use them against first-grades?! is he a monster?! that is a relief to hear. nue, plus gama! bottomless well. i am up against a hardcore  close-range fighter. i will keep my distance and restrain him. he is fast! that was not his full speed earlier?!

damn it! his power is insane!

i have been holding back, and you are so proud? if you are going to insist like that... then i will show you.do not take apparel so lightly.

before tax. is that even important?

nothing.maki-san's special-grade  cursed tool is in the riverbed. the trees on its are face  are especially fragile.

dog.senpai, stop!

toudou was alone.

no, i am good either way.

take her down.

kamo-san, are you guys planning to kill itadori?

that is strange.

no, unless the second-grade  is especially cunning, my demon dog would have noticed it. they are trying to kill itadori, are not they?

sorry.

kamo-san, are you guys  planning to kill itadori?

you failed, then. itadori would not go down in such a short time.

yes, you do. the higher-ups and the three  major clans have plenty.strong!nanami-san! that octopus currently thinks our  domains are pushing for control. but my goal is different. i will open a small hole in the barrier of this domain! the hole i entered through  is already sealed. it is harder to open one  from inside than outside, but i can open a hole large enough for  someone to pass through for a few seconds. the edge of his domain is beneath my feet. i can tell, since i touched it when i entered. i am ready to go at any time! if all three of you jump in at once...

i am risking my life, but i do not intend to throw it away.

who is that?!

maki-san!

it is no good. the hole has been sealed. to make things worse,  it just figured out our goal. it will not let us open a hole as easily again.

yes.

he is smashing playful cloud against itself?

huh? when did i get forced outside? this goes beyond just fast! he might be worse than sukuna! what is with this guy?!oh, yes, i knew that.

next time, "the shibuya incident."

i have built an acguy model before.it is a rather sturdy veil. we will have to search for its weak point and put a hole in it,  even if it is only for a second. we cannot get anywhere  without getting inside first.

if that is the logic, the veil's source should be somewhere  that really stands out, right?

which means as long as we destroy those, we can ignore the curse users until later.

right there. i did not see the moment of impact. his body is too clean. even if he is a sorcerer, he plummeted from the 41st floor. get up, you old trickster!

we cannot waste time here.

honestly, matching pace with him takes more effort than matching the enemy. itadori!

demon dog's claws can  hurt even special-grades.

then how... is he not damaged at all?! i thought this would not take long?

it is almost certainly the  result of his technique. is it damage nullification? no... hey! satoru gojo is here in shibuya! why do not you leave those foundations for  the veil behind and get out while you can?!

i knew it. he cannot beat gojo-sensei.

so this guy's technique cannot be  something as grand as nullification.

shut up.

fleeing hares. fall back for now. i have figured out his technique.

max elephant!

that stuff's not my role.

for now, just keep attacking away.

i have figured out his technique. it is probably inverse. the attack i threw out of sync  landed more effectively than your own. fleeing hares is not meant for offense, but he did not try to immediately  break through once he was surrounded. i think that is also how he managed to stay  perfectly fine after slamming into the ground.

no, the attack cannot be too weak. if were just a pure inversion of force, activating it would kill himself  with the minor force of air resistance.

since that does not happen, there must be an upper and  a lower limit to his inversion. even with it activated, he was still matching our attacks and  using cursed energy to defend from slashes and the effects of our techniques, right?

that also explains why he cannot beat  an anomaly like gojo-sensei, and his technique's probably a bad  match against complex techniques, too.

yeah. but we do not want him to realize  we have figured out his technique. so we will keep going at full power  and make a show of our crazy strength. we will start with a weak blow from gama. then we pummel him with a rush.

you are surprisingly adept.are you all right, inumaki-senpai?

he wounded it? so he was not serious at all  when he fought me, then?

inumaki-senpai will stop it. do not worry! just go!

are you alive, kamo-san? he was not using powerful words,  but it still destroyed his throat. it is just that much stronger!

inumaki-senpai... that is enough!

its eye trees are more  fragile than the rest!

i will not lose it.

huh?

demon dog... with the exception of my expanded  technique, bottomless well, if any of my ten shikigami  are completely destroyed, i can never manifest them again. however, the power and techniques  of the destroyed shikigami are passed on to the others. ...totality!

maki-san! please do not ever make me use  that three-section staff again! it is too hard to use!

maki-san! damn it! all because i screwed up!

how kind of you to warn me. you are planning to kill us anyway, though.

wring out that cursed energy, even if it rips my stomach open! i am not like everyone else. i choose who i protect. i shoulder the least responsibility! therefore... i am not allowed to fall before anyone else!

stop, itadori! that is not something we can han—

wait! even you cannot—

if you die again, i will kill you myself!yeah.

no one said "idiot" referred to gojou-sensei.

inumaki-senpai is a cursed speech user. cursed speech is a technique that amplifies  the power and compulsion of words. he limits his vocabulary to keep others safe.

i do not know what he is been  doing since he is been dead, but if everyone from tokyo and kyoto  fought him at once without cursed energy, itadori would win.

itadori. you okay?

i am not talking about that. something happened, right?

okay, then. i do not really want to lose, either.in my ten shadows technique, only two demon dogs are  granted to the user at first. the other shikigami are not granted to the  user until they finish subjugating them. the user must continue subjugating each one  to increase the shikigami available to them, until they are finally able to  command all ten shikigami.

thing is, this subjugation can  be done with multiple people. though conducting the subjugation  with multiple people voids it afterward. which means the ritual becomes  pointless to the sorcerer themselves. still, even if it is pointless,  there are ways to use it.

to continue, while the shikigami cannot be used  without first subjugating it, the user can summon them  as many times as necessary for the purpose of subjugating them.

in all of sorcerer history, there is never been anyone who managed  to subjugate this one.

are they actually on bad  terms in the first place?

were the heads of those clans...

the ten shadows technique.

that does not mean i can actually become  a sorcerer capable of beating you. i imagine the head of the clan used  this in much the same way back then. sacred treasure swing and ring, ring.

eight-grip sword... divergent sila divine general... makora. see you later.

sorry, itadori. hey, you damn bastard! i will be dying first. give it your best.either they used all three  to lower one veil, or two were dummies. either way, now sorcerers  can act freely in shibuya. that just leaves the veil  trapping gojo-sensei in, and the veil trapping ordinary people in. i wanted to ask this geezer all kinds of  questions, but he will not wake up soon. we should rejoin ino-san and— ino-san!

he is not... okay, but he is not dead.

itadori! i understand how you feel, but hold back! what is our highest priority right now?

the veil was lifted. the people at the top might  have escaped already anyway. i will take ino-san with me and  head outside the veil for a bit.

that is right. that is the best course. though operating alone in  shibuya right now is not... all right. but...

so long as you understand. see you later.

next time, "red scale."oh, you are back. i am glad you are safe.

could you lower your voices? my head hurts.

how do you know about the finger?

nope. just contact nitta-san for now. we need to get it sealed at once. cursed spirits are approaching.

we do not have a clear idea of  how many fingers you can handle. so do not eat it. but i will hand it over to you,  since you have the most energy. i will say this again, though. do not eat it.

you just now realized?

do not talk about them  resonating with itadori.

nearly positive. the case is over, though. the only ones likely to notice are us and nitta-san. itadori...

the curse of yasohachi bridge could  have started killing at any moment. besides, he swallowed that  first finger to save me. but there is no way he would be  satisfied with just that. so do not tell him.

but what are you going to do when someone  you saved kills someone else in the future?

this is fushiguro. yes.

yeah. all right. see you.

gojo-sensei said to come.

a mission. a top secret one.

he says it all the time.how many of them are there?

yeah. keep going. keep exorcising them for me. we will crush every last one of them. it likely will not retaliate.

i am only saying it is likely. all the things we were worried about— its technique's range, the number of victims, the barrier— all of those are subtracting  from its main body. we are lucky. we will be able to exorcise it quickly, then. which means... the real  problem comes afterward. kugisaki!

damn it! she gets sucked away so often! but what was that just now? the mole? that earlier one? it is neither!

chase after it! kugisaki and that thing both  went outside the barrier! she might be battling against something  more troublesome than we expected! in contrast, things are far  easier here than anticipated! i can handle this by myself! prioritize kugisaki! go after it!

last one! your sneak attack's too simple. i told you, it is too simple. did i exorcise them all? that takes care of tsumiki for now. now to... one survived? that was not its main body just now? the barrier has not collapsed, either. what? i should not try too hard to find logic  in a cursed spirit's behavioral patterns, but that fact had been  nagging me this whole time. why did it just start killing  humans it had marked now? the first one was killed in june. and in june...

some have a presence  that is too overwhelming. some keep very quiet. some have already been  absorbed by a cursed spirit. this is resonance. sukuna's finger kept its power repressed within the cursed spirit  that had absorbed it, but back in june, when sukuna manifested in itadori,  it released its cursed energy. it looks the same as the one from the juvenile detention center,  but it is probably several degrees... stronger! nue!

well, beggars cannot be choosers.

huh? are you saying i have not  been giving it my best?

coordinating with other sorcerers  is important, is not it?

how many seconds was i unconscious? my demon dog's destroyed... no, the technique was released. this is it for me. sacred treasure, swing...

screw it!

spit out the entire depths of my shadow... worry about a specific structure later, and just push it out as soon  as i collect the cursed energy. imagine a future version of myself  who is freely surpassed my limits! i will do it!

domain expansion: chimera shadow garden! it is incomplete! it is ugly work at best. but for now, that is fine! broaden it... more freely! the interpretation of the technique! demon dog totality's claws  were able to injure that thing. they would have no trouble piercing through  you when you are caught off-guard. i am tired. now, where are those guys?

there is one fundamental rule  for interacting with others. do you know what that is?

it is "i will not kill you, so please do not kill me, either." you can substitute "kill"  for anything you please. the point is drawing a line where you agree  not to infringe on the other person. in order for both people to exist together, they need that rule. breaking that rule, swaggering about,

must have felt real pleasant. next time you do it in  front of me, i will kill you.

figure it out yourself, or go die.

do not act like you are my guardian. i hate bad people. they act so damn superior when  their empathy and imagination are as empty as a vacant lot. i cannot deal with good people. they forgive those bad people. then they view the act of  forgiveness as a noble thing. makes me want to vomit. tsumiki's a model example of a good person. you disgust me.

when i was in first grade, my father and tsumiki's mother, one parent each, hooked up... and then vanished without a trace. a suspicious white-haired man told us...

that solved the mystery of how  they got the funds to disappear. apparently, i had been sold  to that zen'in clan. yeah, it pisses me off. especially your lack of tact about it. plus, that irritating man stopped  my sale to the zen'in clan, and used the promise that i would work  as a jujutsu sorcerer as collateral to get financial aid from  jujutsu high to support us both. what is this jujutsu sorcerer crap, anyway? it is bullshit. who the hell would i ever save?

shortly after i started ninth grade, tsumiki was cursed. the identity was unknown. the origin was unknown. but apparently there were several  victims of the same curse nationwide. all i found out was that  nobody knew anything, and tsumiki was left bedridden.

she always smiled and spouted pretty ideals.

she even accepted my disposition. yet tsumiki would get genuinely  angry whenever i hurt someone, too. that irritated me because i thought it was hypocritical in light  of her leave-others-be policy, but now i realize i had the wrong idea. just as i choose who i save, she was choosing me to worry about. i am sorry. i was just a kid. i will apologize. so wake up already, stupid sister. damn, my head hurts... this yasohachi bridge curse  was just overlapping the other one. i doubt the curse that put tsumiki  into a coma was undone. now, how do i break the news  about the finger... to... itadori...

what?

it is okay. do not mind them. just go ahead. the station's straight ahead.

okay, seriously, what is this? could you stop? you are embarrassing me. explain!oh, i did. they are easy to make.

no, itadori taught me how to make these.he is this fast without any cursed energy? he must be the perfected form of maki-san. focus! thanks to inumaki-senpai,  all the normal people and transfigured humans are out of the way. visualize it! visualize how to beat this guy! visualize winning! fleeing hares! that sensation was sukuna's fingers! what the hell is happening here in shibuya?! he charged through on pure instinct! shit! i no longer have the cursed energy  to use domain expansion, either!

the longer this goes, the worse off i am! i will have to risk a short, decisive battle! the one advantage i do have...

...is that ieiri-san is close by! so it is okay to push my  body further than i should! i just need to settle this  with only injuries she can heal! i have narrowed down his paths! but his speed is on par  with sukuna from that time. do not try to follow him by sight!  just focus on the timing! if i mess up the timing, i am dead. if i mess up the timing, i am dead! damn it!

fushiguro?

what the hell was that about? enough worrying about that now. i need to make haste to ieiri-san. no, i should make sure maki-san  and the others are safe first...monday.

wednesday.

someone smarter than you, dummy.there is a bit of blood on the arrowhead. kamo-san's technique must be why  their paths can ignore physics.

my demon dog's busy with its task. what about you? you are on  your last arrow, are not you? no one's helping you if  you pass out from anemia. blood manipulation: a technique that manipulates one's  blood and objects imbued with it, fitting for one of the three major clans  and their love of bloodlines.

he has that much power?

i was too slow to defend with cursed energy? with this much speed and power,  it is like he is a different person now!

you are doping!

what is this sense of fellowship  you keep throwing out?

on principal gakuganji's orders?

no, we are not. he is spouting some scary stuff all of a sudden.

we are not. please save those discussions for maki-san. i no longer have any connection  with the zenin clan. besides, i do not believe i am "right." no, sorry. that is not right. i do not care if i am right or wrong. i just... have faith in my own good conscience. i save people according  to my own conscience. if you would reject that, then... we will just have to curse each other.

this one burns through cursed energy,  so i can only use it by itself. i only recently tamed it. max elephant.

nue.

inumaki-senpai?!

probably the curse user working  with that cursed spirit.

i think it is the special-grade cursed spirit  that attacked gojou-sensei before. its appearance matches the report. i can tell, even from that guy's drawing.

you are right. let us contact gojou-sensei.

that does not matter right now. our opponent might use a domain. maintain our distance  and retreat to gojou-sensei—

it is really tough.

what is this? i cannot tell what it is saying by the sound,  but i can understand its meaning? this feels creepy.

this is on a whole different level  than lower-grade cursed spirits.

it is established its own language system!none of the dates or locations match, though. could the same cursed  spirit have killed them all?

i... went here... for middle school.

i beat them up.

hello.

probably. takeda-san's a permanent employee.

abandoning her duty...

strange rumors, dark rumors, connections to bad adults...

...and anything of ill omen.

a notorious suicide spot. it is well-known in this  area as a haunted location.

what do you use for a cord?

i have been to yasohachi bridge, too.

it is easy for curses to take root in  haunted locations, just like in schools, so people from jujutsu high  regularly patrol it. there was not anything unusual  at the time, though. it might be a bit famous, but it is still used as a normal bridge.

what is it?

yes.

my older sister.

we did not sense any presences or residuals.

itadori already tried that.

fujinuma? a classmate.

if what is related?

they are not related. we are just—

there is at least two weeks between when the  four victims noticed something and their deaths.

i see. then i will try asking tsumiki, too.

i am fine. sorry, i am stepping away for a sec.

second-grade...

what do i do? do i go back by myself right now? no, the mission was already  dangerous for all three of us. i cannot leave it to just the two of them. gojo-sensei will return next week. i could ask him then... no, i cannot! the time limit is the big problem! this is not the type of cursed spirit  that attacks someone. it is the type that activates a cursed  technique from within a marked person. so there is no point staying  nearby and protecting them! i have to exorcise it right away!

she is fine. more importantly, this mission's  danger level just shot up. other sorcerers will be taking over this case. you two can go home now.

i will go back after i say farewell to takeda-san. now go! thanks for your help. is this nitta-san? there is something i want to ask you.

itadori went under it, too.

it is impossible to constantly keep a domain  imbued with a technique deployed forever. which means it is like that barrier  at the juvenile detention center... an incomplete domain. i am actually lucky this time around, since i will not need a veil.

tsumiki's... still bedridden. the curse of yasohachi bridge  only appears before its victims. since she cannot communicate herself, i have no idea when she will  be killed by the curse. so i want to exorcise it right away. but it is true that our mission's  danger level has increased.

yeah.

you two... what do you think of gyoza  with no meat flavor,the innate domain's closed off! the special-grade is dead! now we just need itadori to return safely...

wh-what are you...

hostage?!

sukuna's finger! that special-grade cursed spirit  in there must have consumed it!

our positions are reversed now.

the only thing granted equally  to all is an unfair reality. you just do not get it. he is... itadori's coming back. even if that means he will die. that is just who he is.

his arm is restored! healing... he can use reverse cursed techniques. sukuna's incarnated. even if he can live without a heart,  it should still be damaging to him. i will make him heal his heart  before itadori returns. i just have to make him believe he cannot  beat me without a heart in his body! can i do that... when i could not even move with  that special-grade in front of me? it is not about whether i can. i have to do it!

orochi! gang up on him!

it is not even a matter of jujutsu. his power and his agility are on a different scale.

what do i do? i used up one of my shikigami  to escape that innate domain. demon dog white and  orochi are both destroyed... and nue's at his limit, too. i should release him  before he gets destroyed.

it makes no difference if he knows that now. so what?

he is figured it out, huh?

the only thing granted equally  to all is an unfair reality.

there was no room to doubt  what a good person she was. she deserved happiness  more than anyone else. but tsumiki was still cursed. the father who named me "megumi" with no regard for my gender is still off living as he pleases somewhere. karma is not fully automatic. evil people can only be judged under the law. jujutsu sorcerers are just another  cog in that machine of retribution. i want more good people to  enjoy fairness, even if only a few, so i... save people unequally!

sacred treasure swing  and ring, ring -eight grip-! just so you know, i... do not have any logical reason  for saving you back then. even if it was dangerous, i could not bear  to see a good person like you die. i did have my reservations, but ultimately, it was for  selfish, emotional reasons. that is fine, though. i am not a hero. i am a jujutsu sorcerer. so i have never once regretted saving you.

first time for one my age.

same to you.

it is hot, huh?

zenin-senpai.

our second-year upperclassmen.

zenin-senpai is the best of all the  students at wielding cursed tools.

that is the cursed speech  user, inumaki-senpai. he can only speak in  ingredients of rice balls.

panda-senpai. there is one more, okkotsu-senpai,  who is the only one i can openly respect, but he is overseas right now.

it is a get-together with the  other tech school in kyoto. though is not that event  mainly second- and third-years?

i...

same here.

does not really stink. sort of smells like the sun.