no.

what is going on here, yaga?

it is not a matter of liking or hating him. itadori is not allowed to  exist under jujutsu laws. he is only alive due to gojo's selfishness. we must not bend the rules  of the group for the individual. moreover, many others may  die because itadori lives.

yaga, do something about gojo first.special-grade is a rank reserved for  those sorcerers who are exceptional. in my opinion, first-grade is  the true rank for the sorcerers who will lead other sorcerers  and jujutsu society. they must stand above comparison to semi-first- grades in terms of peril, secrecy, and salary. now, with that in mind,  what did you just say?is yaga here yet? the time of an old man close  to death does not come cheap.

oh?

oh? what other day would that be?

my goodness, youth these days... do not you know how to be polite?

oh? that is unfortunate.

what are you trying to say?

i think you are getting a bit out of line.

miwa, would you go buy me some tea?

my tea?do not kill him!

quiet!sukuna's vessel?! what is the meaning of this?

you damn brat!

kill sukuna's vessel, itadori yuuji. he is not a person. so it will go unquestioned. it will be treated as an accident. there is no need to hold back or hesitate.

i have heard that itadori's  previous death was suicide. what is the one thing you must be cautious  about when ending a hostile sorcerer? kamo.

exactly. if another delivers the finishing blow  with cursed energy, then all is well. at present, itadori yuuji  has control of the body. unless sukuna comes out,  he is just a first-year. killing him will be—even among sorcerers,

it is my belief that first-grades

the danger, confidential information, and pay that they deal with is nothing like  what those semi-first-grade and below do. so with that in mind,  what did you just say?the semi-first-grade cursed spirit  to be released in the area.

i did not think a second-grade would be enough. we are not unified, you know. here is the scent and the  flute used in its training. depending on the situation,  use it well to kill itadori.

fret not. it is trained to keep quiet  until the flute is blown. i know kamo. he probably placed the scent on itadori the moment they made  contact and the feed cut out. it is easy enough for him to do  if he mixes his blood with it. if the boy's fighting toudou,  he will not come out unscathed. if he is attacked by a semi-first-grade  the moment afterward... he will surely die. that is true. i am worried about miwa. go to her quickly.

whether it is an outsider or not, something unexpected  is happening all the same. they must be fairly skilled to exorcise that. who is it?

curse user... he is not the source of this presence,  but he is quite capable.

utahime, go on ahead. protecting the students is our priority. avoid fighting as much as possible.

why do not you kill me and find out if they are hollow?