most of the temples at jujutsu high are actually just a facade. tengen's barrier keeps their  position changing every day. among those, only one  of over a thousand doors leads to the storeroom that holds cursed objects  as dangerous as the fingers. only tengen knows which door leads  to the storehouse each day,

a jujutsu sorcerer with  an immortality technique.

he has immortality, but not eternal youth. you can think of him as just a tree. tengen basically does not  interfere with the world, aside from maintaining barriers. you really do not have to worry about him. remember the finger we let  jujutsu high retrieve previously? i placed a charm comprised of mahito's  cursed energy on it before they collected it. it is under a single-layer seal,  so they will not remove it. he will be able to find it easily.

there are two of tengen's attendants  between the door and the storeroom, but they are chumps. more importantly, before the veil goes down, i would like you to thin out the sorcerers standing  by at jujutsu high as quietly as possible. we want to reduce the burden on hanami.

because we do not want him to direct his  attention toward mahito's main mission. and we need him to exercise  a degree of his full power, or it will not be a proper test of the veil. trapping the students inside  will be more effective.

that is fine, but i would not recommend it. sukuna's actions are not quite what i had imagined. this is just my guess, but i believe one of the students acts as a land mine for sukuna. if we step on that, then in the worst case, all of our  current plans will be ruined.

no, itadori... or rather, sukuna himself, is also a bomb. both for us and for jujutsu high. we should not agitate it until  the moment we want more chaos: october 31st, in shibuya. we should keep everything we can use  to seal gojo satoru in reserve until then. we will have a few curse  users accompany us, too, but kumiya juzo... he is disposable. he is not the kind of person who can  follow a plan all the way through. he will get in our way later. we will have a different human monitoring  our commissioned test run of the veil, so get along with them.the prison realm is a living barrier. it is what genshin was reduced to. there is nothing that cannot be  sealed in the prison realm.

one minute.

once the prison realm's gate is opened, we will have to keep satoru gojo  in its effective sealing range of four meters for one whole minute.

you are getting heated up, jogo. it is all right. even though we do need a minute—

not yet. satoru gojo's still completely composed. we need him much more on edge.

prison realm, gate open. it is all right. even though we do need a minute... hey, satoru.

long time no see.

it is only a minute in satoru gojo's mind. you should not lose yourself in thought in the midst of battle, satoru.

i am suguru geto. do not you remember me? how sad.

creepy. how could you tell? that is my technique, you see. i can pass from one body to another  by replacing its brain with myself. of course, i am also able to use the  technique etched into the body i inhabit. i really wanted this man's curse  manipulation and this situation, too. you did not have shoko ieiri handle the disposal of  suguru geto's body that day, did you? that was an odd time for  you to show consideration. but thanks to that, i was able  to obtain this body with ease. you need not worry.  i will release your seal eventually. a hundred... no, maybe  a thousand years from now? you are just too strong. and you are in the way of my plans.

yuta okkotsu, huh? i just do not see as much appeal  in that boy as you do. copying techniques without any conditions,  and a bottomless well of cursed energy... both of those were just effects obtained from binding the soul of his  most beloved with a pact. sorry to say this, but yuta okkotsu can never replace you. goodnight, satoru gojo. we will meet again in the new world.not bad. for a modern sorcerer.goodnight, satoru gojo. we will meet again in the new world.

incredible! this is a first!

mahito, look at this. you proposed that the soul  exists before the body, but actually, the body is part of the soul, and the soul is part of the body. there is no other way to  explain this phenomenon or the fact that the body's memories flow  into my brain after i swap hosts.

so each technique is its own world-view? i like it. what a lovely idea.

i wanted to enjoy this  sight for a bit longer, but... indeed, i would not want anything to happen. gate, close.

yeah, it only holds one. unless the man inside kills  himself, it is unusable now.

the sealing is complete.

looks like you are all awake. now, for our next...

i cannot believe this guy!

the sealing is complete. however, the prison realm still  has not finished processing all of the information that is satoru gojo. we will not be able to move it for a while. they got one over on us.

i will be staying behind.  what about the rest of you?

well, that is true.

i have to stay here and watch  over the prison realm. so i will abstain. do whatever you would like. as far as i am concerned, sukuna was just the alternative  if the prison realm failed.

those cursed spirits are  smarter than you two.

obviously, i am not giving him back. i do not recall leaving your heads empty, too. next time you make a promise with a sorcerer, you should make it clear that it is a pact. now, begone. or do you want to be killed by this body?

regret, huh? now... how did that taste again?we would not make a blunder like that. you are personally familiar with the  terrifying nature of a pact, right?

you cannot do that yet, mahito. he agreed to cooperate with us  and provide information. in exchange, we agreed to use your  idle transfiguration to fix his body. that is the pact we all forged, remember? killing him comes after fixing him. i wanted him to do some work  for us in shibuya, too, so that is a shame.

mahito. pacts forged with others are very different  from pacts placed upon oneself. the first aspect of that is the  uncertain nature of the penalty. if you break a pact with yourself,  whatever you gained, the improvement to your own ability is lost, but this time, you cannot break it. if you break this pact, then we have no idea when or  what kind of disaster will befall us.

want my help?

go ahead, do not mind me.no. it is optimizing cursed energy.

i thought you already gave on your plan  twelve years ago, when zen'in toji died.

so what? for one thing, our objectives are different. i do not desire a world  without cursed spirits or any sort of idyllic peace. non-sorcerers, sorcerers, cursed spirits... those are all possibilities for the shape of cursed  energy that is mankind. though that should not be  anywhere near the full extent. i tried to give rise to other possibilities  for mankind on my own. but that did not work out. everything that i created myself was limited by the bounds  of my own potential. the answer was always  glimmering darkly within chaos. do you understand? what i should have created was chaos that went  beyond my own control. i have already finished  extracting the technique.

idle transfiguration.

you have my thanks, yuji itadori. a cursed spirit's mastery of  their technique ceases to progress from the moment they are absorbed  by cursed spirit manipulation. mahito truly matured  through his fight with you. to be honest, i wanted to have  jogo, as well, but no matter.

i remotely activated  idle transfiguration on two types of non-sorcerers  that i marked ahead of time.

one type was people whom i had absorb  cursed objects like yuji itadori did, and the other was people like junpei  yoshino who have cursed techniques, but whose brains were  structured like non-sorcerers. now i have adjusted their brains  to match those of sorcerers. for the former, i gave them  the strength to be vessels, and the latter have obtained the  ability to activate their techniques. and now... i have released the seal  on those cursed objects. some of them have been in a deep sleep after being exposed to my  cursed energy when i marked them, but they will soon awaken. so, starting now, i will have them kill each other in order to  deepen their understanding of cursed energy. i have carefully hand-picked  these people and cursed objects. think of it as unleashing a  thousand malevolent yuji itadoris.

there is an order to everything. i certainly did not cut corners like  that when making my preparations. your questions are starting  to become shallow.

what is the matter, uraume?

we were in the middle of our talk. the cursed objects that i distributed  are what is left of the sorcerers i have been secretly making pacts  with for a thousand years. of course, i forged my pacts  with more than just sorcerers, though my pacts with those were  annulled when i obtained this body.

this is the world of the future. see you later, yuji itadori.

i have high expectations for you. are you listening, sukuna? it is starting once again. the world of heian,  the golden age of jujutsu!i am sorry. this was my mistake.

i underestimated how much our  enemies would value kuroi-san.

you could not help it if they  caught you off-guard. part of the blame lies with me, too.

satoru has good eyes. before we took off, he checked over  all the passengers and staff, as well as the inside  and outside of the plane. and while we were in the air, i had  my cursed spirit keep watch outside. it was safer than using a land route. i am more curious as to why they designated okinawa for the exchange.

if that were the goal, they would choose a rural area  with poor transit infrastructure.

maybe so. but we will be fine. we are not the only ones who came here.

satoru's the one who suggested it. he is probably showing consideration  for riko-chan, in his own way. though it is getting close... satoru! it is time.

but...

let us keep it a little more serious, satoru.

satoru. you have not released your technique  since yesterday, have you? you have not slept, either. and you do not plan to sleep tonight, do you? are you sure we do not need  to go back to jujutsu high?

good work, everyone. we are inside jujutsu high's barrier now.

satoru. you really worked hard this time.

impossible! we are inside jujutsu high's barrier!

satoru!

satoru... be careful! let us go!

yeah. we are in tengen-sama's territory now. this is the foundation of  the nation's key barriers, the main hall of the tombs of the star. once you descend the stairs, pass through the gate and continue  to the base of the big tree. then you will be inside the special  barrier that is separate from the barrier surrounding jujutsu high. only those invited are able to enter it. tengen-sama will protect  you until the assimilation. that... or we can turn back around  and go home with kuroi-san.

when our teacher told us about this mission, he called the assimilation "erasing." he was trying to tell us to be aware  of how heavy a sin that was. our teacher may be a muscle-brain, but he often does roundabout things. satoru and i already talked it  over before we met you.

are you sure about that?

it might mean fighting  tengen-sama, you know.

we are the strongest. no matter what decision you make, we will guarantee your future.

let us go home, riko-chan.

riko-chan?

why are you here?

is that so? die!do you understand when satoru gojo is  able to utilize his power to the fullest?

well, it is... when he is alone.

any jujutsu sorcerer with him  is basically just a hindrance. so we will go one step lower and completely  surround him with non-sorcerers.

the minimum output of his cursed technique  reversal is double that of his amplification. it will be nearly impossible for him to use it  without catching non-sorcerers in it, too. he probably will not be able to charge his  blue up to an effective output, either. it should prove difficult for him to use  blue for high-speed movement, as well. it would make him a dump truck as  far as non-sorcerers are concerned. get hit and it is instant death. so in that situation, satoru gojo will  have to focus his energy on defense.

the only ones unaffected by infinite void are  satoru gojo himself and anyone he touches. even if he does have the skill  to selectively trap you all in it,

a great number of non-sorcerers  would get crushed to death in the space left  between his domain and the veil.

chances are 99% that he will not use his domain. but that means you must not  use your domains, either. if you draw a large mass of  non-sorcerers into your domain, he will be forced to give up  on them and use his, too. and you already realize that you cannot  win a tug-of-war of domains, right? at any rate, you just need  to get satoru gojo to focus. focus on defeating cursed spirits  and rescuing non-sorcerers.

i will want you to hold out  for at least twenty minutes. after that, it is time for me  and the prison realm.yuji itadori probably would not  transfer control of his body to sukuna even after taking in all 20 fingers. but that is only if he spent  20 days taking one in every day. if he took in ten at once, his body would not be able  to adapt quickly enough, and control would transfer to sukuna,  even if only temporarily.

well... he was my best friend. but we had a fight and have not spoken since.it is affecting him. he is not doing badly. it might be temporary, but his cursed  energy output is special-grade class, and he came fully prepared  to deal with mahito, too. depending on how this goes,  this could be the moment i get...

simple domain! a domain neutralizes all other techniques. attacks will land, even on satoru gojo,  when they are made within a domain. even if it is a simple one, activating it inside a domain would damage mahito,  regardless of any techniques.

that was a bit dangerous for you, was not it?

yeah. i was able to finish adjusting  the entrusted veil, too. there will not be any problems with entrusting  the cursed energy and chant to others.huh? oh, yes.

next time, "blunt knife."

watch in a well-lit room from a safe distance.that was faster than expected.

mei-san, long time no see.

mei-san, i think it is a shame, too... that i have to go after  my former upperclassman.

the special-grade disease  curse, smallpox deity. i did use up my stock  of cursed spirits last year, but they have not lost their quality. just to be safe, i want to  keep the humans on b5f. i will be waiting down this line. if you manage to exorcise that,  i will take you on.things were busy that summer. the frequent disasters of the  past year probably played a role, but cursed spirits were  springing up like maggots. exorcise, absorb. over and over. exorcise. absorb. no one else understands what cursed spirits taste like. it is like swallowing a dirty rag that is  been used to clean up shit and vomit. exorcise. absorb. "what i witnessed is not uncommon." "i understood the ugliness of the masses, and still chose to be a  jujutsu sorcerer who saves others." that is what i have been telling  myself ever since that day. ever since that day.

do not swallow it. i will absorb it later. satoru, it is not nice to pick on the weak.

shut up.

of course it is not good for them to see. the strongest deterrent  against the outbreak of a cursed spirit is the  mental calm of the populace. that is exactly why we have to conceal the threats they cannot even  see as much as possible. and that is not all—

survival of the weakest. that is how a society should be. the weak help each other and  discourage any who are too strong. listen, satoru. jujutsu exists to protect  non-jujutsu sorcerers.

what?

want to take this outside, satoru?

who knows?

it is spring. he is probably got his head full  with being the next principal. jokes aside, though—

is this about renewing  tengen-sama's technique?

according to tengen-sama, those who reach that state  of being have no will. it means tengen-sama would  cease to be tengen-sama.

all the jujutsu schools, the barriers that form the  foundation of jujutsu society, the many barrier techniques  of the assistant supervisors... they are all being strengthened by tengen-sama. without the aid of his power, we could hardly maintain security  or clean up after missions. in the worst-case scenario, tengen-sama could even become  a threat to mankind. that is why, every 500 years,  he finds the plasma star vessel— someone who is compatible with him— and assimilates them,  overwriting the information of their body. by renewing his body, he resets his cursed  technique back to the start and avoids evolution.

what? yeah, sure, that works.

their object of worship is  the pure form of tengen-sama. allowing the star plasma vessel— in their minds, an impurity— to blend into him is unforgivable. the star religious group is an  organization of non-sorcerers. i do not think we need to pay them any mind. the ones to be wary of are q.

you know, satoru... i have been wanting to say this for a while, but you should stop being  so full of yourself.

especially when you are  addressing your superiors. we might end up meeting  tengen-sama, after all. you should be more polite and humble. you would scare your juniors less, too.

come on, satoru. whatever. i will bring it up again later.

huh?

i am, at least.

would you please stop making us stand out? we just got chewed out  for that this morning. so this girl is the star plasma vessel?

cannot hear you. come closer and talk.

like "the privatization of  reclaimed lands in perpetuity act"?at the beginning of the meiji era, there was a girl with a unique trait that  allowed her to bear a cursed spirit's child. she conceived a child  with no recollection of how, and the criticism she endured from  her parents and relatives was extreme. she fled with the corpse  of her baby in her arms, ending up at a temple run  by a certain jujutsu sorcerer. however, that was where her luck ran out. kamo noritoshi. among all of jujutsu  sorcery's cultural legacy, he is remembered as  the most vile of sorcerers and a disgrace to the three major clans. his intellectual curiosity was captivated by the possibility of a  child born of a human and a cursed spirit. nine times, he impregnated her. nine times, he aborted her. all records of how he did it and what happened to her  afterward were destroyed.

what is the matter, choso?

you can tell?

hold on.

we just received a report. eso and kechizu were killed

by the first-years of jujutsu high... itadori yuji and his group.let us go home, riko-chan.

riko-chan?

why are you here?

is that so? die!

enough. you have a heavenly pact, right? i know revealing information about your ability increases its fundamental  strength, just like for a sorcerer. that is not what i want to know. how did you know which doors  led to the tombs of the star? we did not leave even  the slightest residuals.

there should have been  another woman on the way here. what happened to her?

is that so? you really should... die! that rainbow dragon has  the toughest hide there is!

for you! curse manipulation. it is a technique that let us me  absorb cursed spirits that have surrendered,  and freely manipulate them. if there is roughly a two-grade  difference in our levels, i skip making them submit and absorb them unconditionally. his cursed spirit may have a unique ability,  but it is not that strong itself. i can absorb it. that will lock down his armory. then i can just brute-force him—

satoru? is that you? what happened?

yeah, she healed me. i am fine now. no, me being safe does not  help anything here.

let us head back.

no. there is no point. it looks like there are only  common believers here. the masterminds who know about our  world have probably fled already. and unlike with the bounty, they will not be able to  talk their way out of this. the organization had  problems to begin with. it will be dissolved soon enough.

it is very important that there is. especially for a jujutsu sorcerer.automatic selection of targets  for your jujutsu technique?

satoru had become the "strongest."

he handled all of his missions alone, and shoko was never sent out on  dangerous missions in the first place, which naturally meant i was sent  on missions alone more often, too. it is just heat fatigue. i will be fine.

things were busy that summer.

likely spurred by the frequent  disasters of the past year, cursed spirits were  springing up like maggots. exorcise, absorb. over and over. exorcise. absorb. no one else understands  what cursed spirits taste like. it is like swallowing a dirty rag that is  been used to clean up shit and vomit. who am i doing this for? exorcise. absorb. ever since that day,  i have been telling myself, "what i witnessed is not uncommon." "i understood the ugliness of the masses, "and still chose to be a  jujutsu sorcerer to save others." "do not waver." "fulfill your duty as a  strong jujutsu sorcerer." damn monkeys...

haibara...

want something to drink?

that so? bring back souvenirs.

satoru might eat some, too, so... sweet, i guess? got it! haibara... do you think you can keep going as a  jujutsu sorcerer? it is not too hard for you?

i see. yeah, it does.

who are you?

haibara...

you say that while sitting next to me?

i think he should be more  suspicious of people as a sorcerer.

please answer my question first. who are you?

you are her?

that you are a special-grade  who never accepts any missions, and you are a good-for-nothing  who is been wandering around abroad.

she is pouting... she is pouting.

treat the because?

they are creatures that take  shape when cursed energy leaking from humans  builds up like sediment.

a model case?

then you could solve it simply  by killing all non-sorcerers.

huh? but...

i do not know. i always thought jujutsu sorcery  existed to protect non-sorcerers. but lately, the value of non-sorcerers has been wavering in my mind. the admirability of the weak... the ugliness of the weak... i find myself struggling to discern  the difference and accept those things. there is a part of me  that despises non-sorcerers, and a part of me that wants to reject that part. my vision for what lies at  the end of the marathon game of being a jujutsu sorcerer is so vague now that i cannot tell which  represents how i truly feel.

i will pass that along to satoru.

i am sure.

you need to rest for now, nanami. satoru has taken up your mission.

this marathon game of being  a jujutsu sorcerer... if the only thing waiting at the end is a mountain of our  comrades' corpses, then... what is this?

no, they are not.

i have already exterminated  the because of those incidents.

everyone, shall we step  outside for a moment?

need a light? hey.

just testing my luck, i guess.

nope. unfortunately not.

i am going to create a world  of only jujutsu sorcerers.

i am not a child. i am not holding out hope  that everyone will understand.

you already heard from shoko, right? that is all there is to it.

i cannot allow my parents  to be a special exception. besides, those people  are not my family anymore.

there is a point to it. significance, too. even a great because.

how arrogant.

you could do it, could not you, satoru? yet you would try to convince someone else that it is impossible to do  something that is possible for you? are you the strongest  because you are satoru gojo? or does being the strongest  make you satoru gojo?

if i were able to become you, this foolish ideal would become a lot  more grounded and real, do not you think? i have decided how i will live my life. now it is just a matter of doing  the best i can to achieve that. if you want to kill me, then kill me. there would be a point to that.

i thought the star religious group  was already dissolved.

no, it does not matter, as long as  i can gather curses and money.

why not? a little showmanship is important.

watch closely. they are all there, right?

test, test. sorry for the wait, everyone. now, i will keep this brief. from this moment onward,  this organization belongs to me. i will be changing the name, too, so everyone, please be sure to follow me.

now, that is not good. i know! sonoda-san, if you would not mind,  please come to the stage. yes! you there! now, once again. i hate monkeys. you obey me now... that is the true feeling i chose. ...monkeys.a generous estimation would be  about eight or nine fingers.like a curse user could cut it as a farmer.

hey. is this your "bayer"?

i wish i could use reverse  cursed energy like shoko.

riko-chan, calm down. we are not with the group that attacked you.

could you please not call me that? it is curse manipulation. as the name suggests, i can absorb  and manipulate cursed spirits.

you changed your home screen?

we will not have to feel bad sending you off.

do not be like that, satoru. despite what she may say, after the assimilation, she will spend  her whole life as tengen-sama in the deepest floor of jujutsu high,  as the foundation of all barriers. she will not be able to see her friends,  family, or anyone precious to her ever again.

let her do what she wants. that is part of our mission.

so you are her family, then.

i just wish i could share my senses  with them like mei-san does. even so, they will let us know as  soon as anything unusual happens. satoru. hurry to riko-chan's side.

two have been exorcised.

satoru, you take the chapel. kuroi-san, take the music room. i will take the two unknowns.

are the unknowns remnants of q? this will be a little troublesome if they have  been sent by the star religious group.

as soon as he saw the jujutsu high  uniform, he anticipated a fight against multiple opponents and set  shikigami in front of and behind him. he is experienced.

correct. living a long life has its perks, i see.

looks like you are thinking up lots of plans, but there is no point.

now, that leaves one more.

well, yeah. you were itching to get in  close that whole time, right? those with a set means of victory will easily jump on the chance  when you give them that opening. more importantly, are you with q? or the star religious group?

what is this? well, are not you strong? where is riko-chan?

then we should head that way, too. this has gotten a bit troublesome.

no, it is not quite the same as a shikigami. satoru.

yeah. it was posted on an  underground site for curse users. apparently, the time limit is 11 am the day after tomorrow.they cannot destroy them. not when it comes to special-grades. so they use a pact to put their life  on pause and prevent harm to others, preserving their existence.

that is an exception. it is a monster that still  attracts curses over time, even after becoming a cursed object  and divided into twenty pieces. and because of that, it can choose its vessel.