bingo.

you two went at it quite hard.

oh?

nope. what happened to the guy you fought?

thanks, mahito. i cannot afford to leave any  residuals of me behind. what are the veil's effects?

it is an unannounced veil  in a residential area. the windows will report it right away. i hope this plays out as you believe it will.

i sure wish jougo was as level-headed as you.

it is fine. the finger from the juvenile center was  quickly absorbed into itadori yuuji, after all. i would like to have jujutsu tech retrieve the one  we placed at yoshino junpei's home, as well.

yeah. well, i will be taking my leave.jujutsu kaisenno, pacts are only placed  by oneself on oneself. it is not easy to forge pacts with others,  or due to intervention from others.

then first, let us go retrieve the  six fingers jujutsu tech has.

the higher-ups at jujutsu tech are struggling to measure  itadori yuuji's strength as a vessel, to see how many he can take  before he goes berserk. they will not let him take them in  until they have gathered all the fingers... with just one exception.

and we cannot wait that long, right? worst case, there is also a chance  they will eliminate itadori yuuji.

i have already taken steps. that is why i allowed jujutsu tech  to retrieve the fingers we had. jujutsu kaisenyou can try, but you will die, jougo.

you have to render gojou  satoru incapable of fighting. the second is to get ryoumen sukuna  and itadori yuuji on your side.

oh, dear. what now? will you rescue him? i cannot let people from the school see  my face, so i will be going home now. if you want to save him,  go ahead and save him. though i do not know if your  kind have such emotions.

quite the statement for  a cursed spirit to make.

sure is peaceful here.

on death's door. hanami stepped in to save him, so he will probably be fine.

heavens, no. i tried to stop him.

you are lucky you got off with just that.

i think you understand now... so we will go about sealing gojou satoru  at the appropriate time, in the appropriate place, once we have secured our advantage over him. we will carry it out on october 31st in shibuya. i will contact you with more details later. good enough, mahito?

brazilian calisthenics. three, four...

yeah.

shoot! mahito-kun!well, there was not much point to it  with a half-baked test case. but we did learn a few things.

yes, one, please.

so you are saying your boss wants to reverse the current  positions of humans and curses. is that it?

yet, at present, you are  the ones being eliminated.

if you fulfill two conditions before going to war, then you can win.

the first involves the man known  as the strongest jujutsu sorcerer. you have to render  gojou satoru incapable of fighting. the second is to get ryoumen sukuna  and itadori yuuji on your side.

did he, though? i am not so sure.