tsk.

nope. we sure he is not spouting bullshit? is there any sorcerer skilled  at getting confessions?

that was probably the work of the  special-grade cursed spirit the students fought. that one has a unique presence. even though it is a cursed spirit,  it is incredibly close to a natural spirit. according to aoi, it was  able to hide among plants. and tengen-sama's barrier  does not function against plants. tengen-sama's barrier puts all its  power into hiding, not protecting. so once you get in, it is kind of weak. are they worried about sukuna's  fingers enhancing yuji's potential? or are they trying to enhance themselves? something is not sitting right.

hold on. that is not for us to decide, is it?

play ball!

so anyway, a lot happened and some people died, but how about it? want to  continue the exchange event?

your reasons?

how old are you?

huh? there are no individual battles this year.

i hate routines, you know. every year, we put the  competition methods in this box and open it on the day of.

out!

strike! batter out! change up!

out.hey there, weed. this is the third time we have met, right? and you still underestimate  the hell out of me. i will kill you first. come on, bring it. what is your problem? you are the ones who said not to run, right?

one, two...

this is where you are weak, right? i knew it. you cannot use domain amplification and  your innate technique at the same time.

he is not a cursed spirit. i bet he is one of the incarnated  death painting wombs. he is annoying, but he comes later. are you sure about this? the more you try to neutralize my technique  with your domain amplification, the stronger i have to maintain my technique. i do not think this asparagus has the  energy left to withstand that, do you?

next.

not too close, not too far. but that is the best they can do. the people who cannot see cursed  spirits have started avoiding me. if their numbers keep declining  and space opens up, then i can catch volcano head. no more releasing my technique  to lure it in like before. i have revealed my goal of beating  them to a pulp in close combat, and it will be an issue if it keeps  its distance and coordinates with that death painting to unleash  a big attack through the crowd. i am sorry. i cannot save everyone. so i promise to exorcise them instead!

what the hell are they thinking?

patchface! the one nanami and yuji talked about?!

so there are either cursed spirits  or curse users above us, too.

domain expansion: infinite void.

huh?

a fake? a transformation technique? no, it is really him!

i cannot sense any cursed energy. i cannot get my body to move, either. this is checkmate, huh? so, who the hell are you?

your body, your cursed energy... all the information provided by these  eyes is telling me you are suguru geto. but... my soul is rejecting all that! now, answer me already! who the hell are you?!

hah! have you forgotten? who was it that beat the crap out  of that body before i killed him?

nothing, really.maybe for me. but it is time for you to wake up already. how long will you keep letting it  have its way with you, suguru?

hey! if you are going to do this, hurry it up. not only is it absolutely foul,  but the view here is awful, too.

looks like physical time  is not passing inside here. man, i screwed up. this is all kinds of bad. well, it will all work out somehow. i am counting on you, everyone.yet, lately, cursed spirits of that level  have been popping up everywhere. the person in question may think they are  only working with curse users, though. i want to leave the investigation  of kyoto up to you, utahime.really? i do not think this even counts as a mistake.

their next move will probably be offering to  arrange an exchange for her. something like trading amanai for kuroi-san, or saying they will kill kuroi-san  if we do not kill amanai. but we have the leverage in any  negotiations since we have amanai. as long as they set up  the location for the deal, we can make it work out. i am taking amanai back to jujutsu high now. we can have shoko or someone  stand in as her body double.

huh?! you are still saying  that after all this, you—

the kidnapper will reach  out to us eventually. if they seem like they are  smarter than we expect, and bringing you with us is likely to  hurt kuroi-san's chance of survival... then we will leave you behind.

in exchange, if you get scared partway through and  want to go home, we will just ignore you. bear that in mind.

sea cucumber, sea cucumber!

oh, it is that time already?

suguru, let us head back  tomorrow morning instead.

the weather's holding steady, right? besides... there are fewer curse users in  okinawa than there are in tokyo.

it is better if the time limit on the bounty  runs out while we are mid-flight, right?

it is not a problem. playing through 99 years of momotetsu  was far more draining. besides, you are here, too.

i never want to get stuck  babysitting a brat again.

have we met before?

i am fine. i did not make it in time with my technique, but it missed my vitals. i then strengthened myself  with cursed energy so the blade could not be drawn out at all. it was like passing a safety  pin through a knit sweater. seriously, i am fine. prioritize amanai first. i will deal with this guy. suguru, you two get her to tengen-sama.

who do you think you are talking to? that is different from the  blade he stabbed me with. and where did that  cursed spirit come from? too many unknowns, damn it!

the bounty on amanai has already  been taken down, you idiot.

that so? he is fast! and not just that. i knew there was something off about him! he has zero cursed energy! he has a heavenly pact  gifting him physical prowess! i cannot imagine anyone who knows  my technique coming without a plan. is that cursed tool your  precious trump card? sorry, but i will not let it get close! since he has no cursed energy,  i cannot read his presence. and i cannot just rely on instinct. there is that cursed spirit  wrapped around him. i just need to follow its presence. even so, he is too damn fast! cursed technique amplification, maximum output... blue! now there is no cover. he cannot launch surprise attacks. did he hide in the woods? are those... fly heads?! was he keeping them inside  that cursed spirit? so you are using fly heads like chaff. now i cannot tell where he is. he is created a blind spot. i should use blue again... no, wait! he is after... amanai!

what if the star plasma vessel  brat refuses to assimilate? then... the assimilation's off!

huh?

you scared? it is fine. it will all work out somehow.it is been decided that you will  be secretly executed.morning! ijichi said you guys had my shirt? what is the matter, megumi?well, this is awful. there is another veil centered underneath  here that also traps non-sorcerers inside. hey, pardon me. hup, hup. i think i have a good idea what they are after. i will play along.

i see you are all fully prepared.

you will not have any excuses left  when you lose this time.

barriers are pretty complicated, yeah. there are plenty of people who  are strong and still cannot do them. though i am both strong and capable.

you do not need to do all this. i will not run. i mean, if i ran, you guys would  kill every human in here, right?

get back or you will die. ah, so they sealed the exit  off earlier to create a blind

so i would not know if there were  people on the other side or not.

makes sense. i suppose you would think of  that after allying with curse users. domain amplification... it is the same principle as the  new shadow school's simple domain. they envelop themselves with the domain. while that reduces its  guaranteed-hit effect, it ensures they neutralize  any technique used. that would allow their attacks to hit me.

man... honestly, i am shocked.

not at all, baldy. i am saying i am shocked that you ever thought  you could beat me if this is all you have got.

time for the yamanote line game!  the topic is satoru gojo's good points!

next time, "shibuya incident - gate, open."

seriously, do not discount what she said.oh, sorry.quit looking at me, weakling.do you know why the gojo clan  and the zen'in clan are on bad terms?

sparks are constantly flying. since the edo era? or the keicho era? i forget when, but the heads of the clans at the time  got serious during a spectated match, and they both died.

one was someone like me who possessed both  the six-eyes and the limitless technique. and the other used the same  technique as you, megumi.

understand what i am getting at?i am here to save you, utahime.

are you crying?

nah, you would not cry, mei-san. you are strong.

what kind of idiot picks on the strong?

the path utahime walked is falling apart.

ah, was the cursed spirit's barrier  one of those that messes with time? they are rare, but they  do happen now and then. i thought it was odd,  since mei-san was with you.

something the matter?

sensei! why do not we stop this hunt for the culprit?!

is a veil that necessary in the first place? it is not like it matters if  normies see or not, right? they cannot see cursed spirits  or cursed techniques, anyway.

yeah, yeah, i get it. looking out for the weak  is so exhausting, honestly.

is that your moral argument? i hate moral arguments.

assigning reasons and  responsibility to strength is what those who are weak do. quit making yourself feel  better by spouting bullshit. blegh.

you feeling lonely? go by yourself.

bathroom, probably.

escort a brat and erase her?

have you finally gone senile?

what is that? what?

what is wrong with that? sounds cool.

i get it. it would be fine if he turned  into metalgreymon, but we cannot have him  becoming skullgreymon. so we have him start over from koromon.

yeah, but you know, i get why curse user group q  would be after her, but why would this star religious  group want to kill a brat?

well, i am sure it will be fine. we are the strongest, after all. that is why tengen-sama asked  for us specifically, right? what is it?

huh?!

hah! screw that!

you alive?

you think we will be blamed  if the brat died from that? ah

man, barely safe.

i am down for that, but let us set some rules.

i do not want to get yelled  at for going overboard. so if you cry and apologize,  i will not kill you. that is our rule.

you know how there are some  words you cannot get out of your head, even though they  have no connection to you?

yeah! or like "corporate governance."

you tell us one, too, shoko.the sukuna within you will tell us where  the fingers are to try to regain his power.

man, it was not just a cursed spirit with a finger. when we analyzed the  corpses, what a surprise! it was the manifestation of the other goods. they each took out one special-grade! this year's first-years  are the cream of the crop! it must be my skill as an instructor.

well, find any candidates?

i am a lightweight, so i do not mind  if the party's alcohol-free. i am counting on you to  keep reaching out to people.

we never know what might be  listening around utahime, after all. i do not want to think about one  of the students being the traitor. this is such a pain.

well, i will leave the rest to you, mei-san.okay, i win again. this is unusual. you rarely ask me to train you, megumi. are you in a rush after yuji surpassed you?

it bothers you that much to rely on me? megumi, listen. i think you have just as much ability  and potential as yuji does. the problem is just your mindset. megumi, you do not know how to  bring out your best, do you?

i am not saying you have not. i am saying you cannot. for example, in the baseball game the other day... why did you go for a sacrifice bunt? did you want nobara to advance the bases,

that is a splendid attitude, but yuji and i would  always go for a home run. i am not saying a bunt is bad. baseball is a team sport, and everyone has their role to play. but jujutsu sorcery is an individual sport.

sure. but no matter how many  allies you have around you, when you die, you will be alone. you can only piece together  undervalued data on yourself and others. you cannot imagine a stronger  future version of yourself. maybe that is because of your trump card? you believe that in the worst case, you can resolve everything  at the cost of your life. but at that point, forget about me. you will never even measure up to nanami. dying to win and risking death to win... are completely different, megumi. give it your best. be greedier.

a jujutsu sorcerer's growth curve is not necessarily a gentle slope.

with a strong foundation, and a little bit of sense and imagination, it just takes the slightest trigger  to change a person.

you know, your dad... he is from the zen'in clan,  a big clan among jujutsu sorcerers, but they are such good-for-nothings,  it freaks even me out. your father left the clan to have you. megumi-kun, your father was saving you as the ultimate  card to use against the zen'in clan. pisses you off, does not it?

huh?

formation b!

could you not touch him so casually, please, you homewreckers?! megumi-chan has violin practice with me now. let us go home, megumi-chan. today i will have you master  "twinkle twinkle little star."hey, it is been a while.

for real, real. i am alive and kicking!

bingo! when you stabbed me through the throat, i gave up on counterattacking and poured all my focus into  the reverse cursed technique. cursed energy is negative energy. while it can enhance the body,  it cannot regenerate it. so you multiply that negative energy  against itself to create positive energy. that is the reverse cursed technique. easier said than done! i had not been able to do  that up until now myself! and i could not understand anything  the one person who could do it said!

but i finally grasped it  on the verge of death! the true essence of cursed energy! the reason you are going to lose is  because you did not chop my head off, and because you did not use that cursed  tool when you stabbed my head.

oh? is it? yeah... maybe so! cursed technique reversal: red.

sorry, amanai. i am not even angry over you right now. i bear no grudge against anyone. it is just that the world feels  so, so wonderful right now. "throughout heaven and earth,  i alone am the honored one." the merit of having a technique  that is passed down for generations is having a user's manual. the demerit is that information about the technique is easily leaked. you were a member of  the zen'in clan, were not you? that is why you know so much  about the limitless technique. however, even in the gojo clan, only a scant few know about this. take the amplified and the reversal, then smash together those  two different expressions of infinity to create and  push out imaginary mass. imaginary technique: purple.

any last words?

you are late, suguru. no, i guess you got here fast. there are several star religious  group facilities in the city, after all.

i see you already saw shoko.

i screwed up. you are not at fault.

suguru, should we kill these guys? the way i feel right now,  i doubt i would feel anything about it.

no point, huh? does there really need  to be any point to it?yeah, it is working.

yup. though, to be precise,  i am the target for the technique. i have automated what i used to do manually. now it can discern an object's danger level based on the strength of its cursed energy,  its mass, its velocity, and its shape. i would like to get it to discern poisons, too, but that is still proving difficult. this will allow me to keep  my limitless technique active almost perpetually with minimal resources.

but i can also keep running  the reverse cursed technique with the energy i generate on my own. so i am constantly giving it  a fresh brain to work with. i would already been working on shortening  my hand seals. that is nailed now, too. so i can also activate multiple  instances of blue and red simultaneously. the only remaining hurdles are domain expansion and  teleportation over long distances. i should be able to get  that down if we set up some courses without any  obstacles in jujutsu high. shoko, could you lend me some lab rats?

suguru, have you lost weight? you okay?

did you eat too much somen?

huh?

i heard you the first time. that is why i said, "huh?"

like hell he did!

explain yourself, suguru.

so you are just going to kill  everyone who is not a sorcerer? even your parents?!

that is not what i was asking! i thought we were not allowed to  kill when there is no point to it!

there is not! you are going to kill all non-sorcerers and  create a world of only jujutsu sorcerers?! you know that is impossible! there is no point in chipping away bit by bit at something you cannot possibly do!

huh?

what are you trying to say?

you are actually asking me that?

sensei, i am strong, right?

but apparently, it is not good enough  for just me to be strong. the only ones i can save are those who are already ready  to be saved by another.

you are megumi fushiguro-kun, right?

you look just like him, is all. my own issue. so listen. about your dad... he is from this big shot jujutsu  sorcerer family called the zen'in, but they are such scumbags  they make even me sick, and that is why your dad left  the family and had you. now, you are one of the  ones who can see things, so you are privileged there, right? you have noticed the power  within yourself, too, yeah? the zen'in clan just loves strong powers. most become aware of their cursed  techniques around 4-6 years old. so it is the perfect timing to sell a kid off. so, megumi-kun, you were the ultimate card that your dad  kept on hand against the zen'in clan. pisses you off, does not it? so, about that dad of yours. i ki—

are you really a first grader? well, whatever. if you ever want to know about  your father, you can ask me. hup. i think it will be pretty interesting to hear. now, on to the main point. what do you want to do? do you want to go to the zen'in clan?

no. a hundred percent no. i can say that with certainty. okay! leave the rest to me, then. i might need you to push yourself a bit, though. so do your best. get stronger. strong enough to keep up with me.

nothing.should we get her to a doctor?

yeah, that is impossible. i cannot understand a word she says about it.

you are awake.

this brat is more aggressive  than i expected. i was trying to figure out  how to be considerate, thinking she would be more sentimental  about the assimilation thing.

huh?!

to inoue waka.

i bet you do not have many  friends if you talk like that.

huh?! surely it would be safer to head  back to jujutsu high at once!

tsk. lax upbringing at its finest.

suguru. how are the cursed spirits you  sent to watch over her?

huh?

where is amanai?!

chapel?!

this is why i told that brat to stay within  eyeshot so we could protect her!

amanai!

hey.

oh, you will have to forgive me. it was an emergency.

what a lively school.

curse users attacked. figure out the rest.

we are heading to jujutsu high now. you do not want you friends to  get caught up in this, do you?

there is a bounty of thirty  million on amanai's head?

now things make sense.

jeez... and jujutsu sorcerers are  short-handed all year round. if you want to change jobs,  we will welcome you, old man.

what is so great about this brat?

they are not shikigami. they are clones. and each one is the real one.

infinity. it is achilles and the tortoise.

it is important to study, you know. yours is a cloning technique that allows  a maximum of five, including the original. and you are always free to decide which  of the clones is the main body, right? so if your main body is in danger, you make a safe clone the main body. that is a nice technique you have there. i do not understand why you are so weak. are you unable to produce a clone  for a while after it is destroyed?

unfortunately for you, i have good eyes. you see, my technique is like a convergent  series of infinite numbers. anything that approaches me  grows slower and slower, and ultimately, it fails to ever reach me. when i amplify my limitless technique, i get what you might call  a negative natural number. it basically creates a  single imaginary apple. doing so causes everything around to  get sucked into that space, like you saw. though it is surprisingly inconvenient. i cannot create too large  a reaction near myself, and if i start worrying  about the vectors, too, controlling the cursed  energy becomes a real pain. basically, it is super exhausting. but that is all just the proper  operation of the technique. protect your head. this next one is the divergence of infinity. my reverse cursed technique, red! i failed! i really thought i could do it that time.