when facing shikigami users,  strike the sorcerer directly.i will not be able to lead you this time. but do not worry. i have called  in a friend you can trust. this is nanami kento,  the ex-salaryman jujutsu sorcerer!

plenty of jujutsu sorcerers are oddballs, but since he worked for a company,  he is got a good head on his shoulders. he is a first-grade sorcerer, too.

right?

huh?!

your cursed energy comes  up a little slow, huh?

your cursed energy cannot keep up  with your explosive power. you are still not good at amassing  cursed energy, so it tends to lag behind. but that actually creates an  irregular flow of cursed energy. the moment after your fist strikes,  your cursed energy slams in. in other words, you are creating  two impacts with every strike.

it is not something many can do on purpose. this will be a great weapon for you.

nanami! let us go out together!

no, s-seriously, i have something  important to talk to you about.

i have not said anything yet!i will murder you!

heya! i am kugisaki nobara!principal yaga will not be coming for a while.

he was given a false schedule. after some threats to ijichi. thank you for the other day,  principal gakuganji.

do not play dumb with me, old man. i am referring to the case with itadori yuuji. as head of the conservatives,  you were involved too, correct?

i never had any intention of respecting you. elders these days love to act important,  and it is so annoying, honestly.

feel free. i do not plan to chat for long.

last night, i was attacked by two  unregistered special-grade cursed spirits.

do not get me wrong here. to me, it was about like being coerced  into taking a survey in the city.

the two cursed spirits were  capable of communication, and they probably have  allies who are just as strong. it is not just our enemies, either. hakari, okkotsu, and your toudou... the level of our students has risen  drastically in recent years, as well. then there was last year's  incident with getou suguru... and now, the appearance of sukuna's vessel.

you do not know? the wave of power you guys  have been trying to hold back with your pointless status and traditions has grown bigger than you can handle  and is now descending upon us. you will not be able to measure the coming age with the  classification of "special-grade." if you think i am the only  one who will be fighting back, you are going to get hurt, old man.

oh, scary! well, that is all i wanted to say.  i will be going now. oh, principal yaga will be  coming in about two hours. later!

you are welcome.there is someone working with either  a curse user or curses at jujutsu tech.

so... where should i start?

yuuji's on a much higher level than before. i see! aoi! of course he would be a great match for yuuji. looks like they are  fighting the special-grade, but i should not have to  worry about them now. which means my priority should be... you.

we have a lot to ask this guy. do not let him die on us. go on, treat him. the guy near utahime disappeared. guess he found a means to escape. that just leaves that one? one adept at running, too. it is some distance from yuuji. oh, well. guess i will be a little rough. cursed technique amplification: blue. cursed technique reversal: red.

hollow... purple!

yay! that settles everything! or i guess it does not.we are starting in one minute. now, let us hear a few words of well-appreciated  encouragement from iori utahime-sensei.

time's up.

now, let the sister school exchange event... begin!

uh, you know, uh, um... wh-what was it? um... um, um, um... you know, that girl who seemed nice. the one who seemed nice. with the notable bangs. come on, come on, you know! that one girl!

yeah! her, her, her, her, her!i want to feed them to him right away!

nanami, talk about something interesting. okay, i have got it! let us play catch with discarded rice balls while discussing the separation of church and state! let us post a video of it and troll people.

drinking game time! name things  you love about gojou satoru! everything!

you will take on and complete  several harder missions. that was not what i meant by "harder," though. nanami, does yuuji know about  that finger in yoshino's—

i am glad i left you in charge. and the finger?

tsk.

even if they do, yuuji will be just fine now. you know that better than anyone, do not you?

yuuji, are you planning to just show up  like normal after dragging it out this long?

even among sorcerers,

we have to make it a surprise!

just leave it to me. the first-years will be laughing  and crying from happiness and shock.

the second-years and kyoto  students will cry with them.

and someone among them  will choke up and vomit,

and in the end, it will even solve global warming!

you do not have to do anything! just do exactly as i say,  and go with the flow!

just go with the flow!

sorry for the wait!

hey, i see everyone is together. i was on a business trip overseas. so i will now hand out souvenirs!

okay, everyone from kyoto gets this  protective charm from a particular tribe.

and for everyone from tokyo, we have this!

it is your departed friend,  itadori yuuji-kun!

okay, everyone from kyoto! this is sukuna's vessel, itadori yuuji-kun!

principal gakuganji! oh, thank goodness. i was worried you might  just die from the shock.

give me! here you go!

huh? why are you mad?

right? i have not done anything, after all. there is someone working with either  a curse user or curses at jujutsu tech.

a lot of them on that level  have been popping up lately. they understand human speech, and they have  formed a faction that is operating with purpose. they might think they are just  working with a curse user, but... i would like to ask you to handle  investigating those at kyoto, utahime.

no way. you are weak, and you do not have the guts— scary! hysterics will not win men, you know.

huh? it does?

seriously?it is fine. i will show up early for a change. stop the car.

go on ahead.

just what do you think i am?

now... who are you?

who are you... calling easy?

he is a cursed spirit, but he  can communicate clearly. and the sheer amount of cursed energy... an unregistered special-grade? he is likely stronger than sukuna currently is. special-grades are classified  as such because they are special. having them pop up this frequently  throws everything off.

nope. i am starting to find this fun.

he chose a place devoid of people? no, he was avoiding other  sorcerers coming to back me up.

well, if you are coming  after me, you are right... about having no sense of danger. what happens if this hits me? sound? a two-stage attack of sound and explosions? that is clever.

we just went over this a moment ago. cannot you even learn? ugh, this smoke...

to put it simply, you did not hit me.

you touched the "infinity" that  exists between you and me. i will show you. put your hand out. come on, come on. come on, come on, come on.

you are not exactly stopped,  but the closer you get, the slower you go. so, what now? we could just shake  hands like this, you know.

do not be shy, now. you are making me embarrassed, too.

there is still more! infinity exists everywhere. my jujutsu just brings it forward in reality. convergence, divergence... what do you think happens  when one touchs this void?

oh, this is perfect.

sorry about that.

were you waiting?

this is itadori yuuji-kun,  and he is here to watch.

wow, he learns surprisingly quick.

yuuji.

talking to him does not  because a problem, either.

looks like we will be able to increase his output  quickly and move on to the next stage soon. we are heading out, yuuji.

it is an extracurricular lesson. i am going to teach you about the pinnacle  of jujutsu battles, domain expansion.

oh, we warped here.

a shield? no, no. i told you, he is here to watch. i am in the middle of teaching  this boy lots of things. do not worry about him. just keep fighting.

it will be fine. after all... you are weak.

you will be fine. just stay close to me.

this is domain expansion. you use cursed energy to  construct an innate domain

imbued with a cursed technique  in your surroundings.

what you all experienced at  the juvenile detention center

if that had been a proper domain,  all of you first-years would have died. i think megumi understood that. spreading out a domain  consumes a ton of energy, but its merits are worth the cost. one such benefit is the boost to  stats due to environmental factors.

another is...

...that the techniques imbued in the domain  are guaranteed to hit within that domain.

guaranteed. but do not worry. there are  several ways to deal with it. you can take the hit using a  cursed technique, like just now, or... i do not really recommend this one, but you can go outside the domain.  that is usually impossible. you can also...

yeah, they will hit.

the most effective way to deal with a domain is to lay out your own domain. when two domains are  laid out at the same time, the more refined one  will dominate that space. though, sometimes, compatibility and  the amount of cursed energy are factors.

domain expansion: infinite void.

this is the inner world of limitless. perception, communication... every action involved in living is forcibly  carried out an infinite number of times. it is ironic, is not it? when granted everything,  you cannot do anything... but just die peacefully. but i have questions i want to ask you, so i am letting you off the hook with this. now, who told you to come after me?

you do not seem like the type to act on orders. was something good supposed  to happen if you killed me? regardless, i want to know. who was it? come on, just tell me already.

you sure you should be saying that?

hurry up and tell me, or i will exorcise you. of course, i will do that either way.

wow!

pretty! that is a curse, right?  it is stripping away my will to fight.

wow. he got away. he is good at hiding his presence. he is way creepier than volcano head.

so cursed spirits of that level  are forming a faction now?

this is getting interesting. yuuji. i want you—or rather, everyone— to become strong enough to beat that.

it is better to have a concrete goal, right? man, i am glad brought you here.

now that we have set your goal,  all that is left is to pursue it. we will speed up the schedule a bit. for the next month, you will be  watching movies and fighting me.

after that, it is practical combat. you will take on and complete  several harder missions. you will learn the basics  and how to apply them, and then you will show them off  at the exchange event.

yes, yuuji-kun?

i did not tell you?these meatballs are great.huh?

i would love to say great teacher gojou's  students exorcised them all, but...

come on, gramps! time for a walk! you just finished your lunch, did not you?

no, not happening.

that veil's practically complete already. they prioritized its effect on cursed  techniques over its visual effect. they are good. well, now that it is down,  i just need to break it. what is this odd feeling?

i get it now. utahime, gramps, you go on ahead. this veil... is a barrier that allows  all others to go in and out in return for denying gojou satoru entry.

they must have quite the skilled curse user. that, and they have a degree of intel on us. go on, get moving. i do not know what their goal is,  but we lose if even one of us dies.

these are unregistered  special-grade cursed spirits. and it looks like they are  working with a human, too.it was intentional.

there was a special-grade. sending first-years to rescue  five who may or may not be alive should be out of the question. besides, with yuuji, i was the one who forced the issue and  got his execution indefinitely suspended. some higher-ups who did not like that took advantage of my absence  and the special-grade to tactfully dispose of him. if the other two had also died,  it would be more harassment for me and two birds with one stone for them.

searching for someone to blame is just a pain. maybe i should just... kill all of the higher-ups.

i have always been a nice guy  who cares for my students.

i do not care about a man's hardships.

make sure to get good use out of him.i feel the same way, but the zenin clan keeps getting in the way. they should just change their  position and accept her already.

i see you are just as miserly as ever. more importantly, the footage showing  the area around yuuji keeps cutting out a lot.

huh? is that true? let us be blunt. which side  are you on, mei-san?

just how much have you saved up? i do not know what he is planning, but it will not be that easy to  deal with yuuji anymore. oh, they are moving.

one to one, huh? no one's paying enough attention to the game.

they must take after you, utahime.