why are not we sealing  gojo satoru within the veil?

is it okay to kill all but sukuna's vessel?

mahito. trying to pump the brakes on  my hostility is incredibly stressful.he is only targeting jogo. so his earlier declaration  was just misdirection? he is also... stopped using his limitless technique!

he is given up on adjusting his technique, and started focusing on  compact attacks using cursed energy manipulation in this  space that is filling up with humans? however, that means there is  no need to slip into the crowd. i can just use my technique!that is one down.

i see. it is simple... and therefore a troublesome technique.

their builds are too different! there is a big difference after they swap! is he swapping with me? or is he swapping with sukuna's vessel? every time he claps, that split  decision makes my thoughts falter! oh, no! i cannot... ...break out of this! they are using that again!

do not get cocky! swapping positions?! what i have to be wary of right now is sukuna's... they did not swap?!

this is the first time  i have ever been hurt so badly, and despite that... my delight in this battle is not waning! his technique reveal was full of lies! he is able to swap two others, as well?!

he dispelled his cursed  energy right before impact? he figured it out?! the harder they defend with cursed energy,

plants do not generate cursed energy. so my left arm steals the life from plants  and converts it to cursed energy. but that never gets returned to me. it all goes to this flower offering. i did not want to use this if i did not have to.

but it will be easy for you  to avoid with your technique. so what shall i do? domain ex—

looks like this is as far as we go.

i am withdrawing. i am not arrogant enough  to face gojou satoru.you cannot cut me with that dull blade.

now this sword is not so bad.

indeed, that is a good weapon.

it is fast. it is trying to take off  my wounded arm first? the sorcerer boy is in the forest... the boy's sword!

my strike was aimed for your heart. what a wonderful reaction. jujutsu sorcerers are  extraordinarily compassionate. an opening is always created  when their ally is injured.

you should not use cursed techniques anymore. the bud embedded in you loves cursed energy. the more you use techniques, the deeper  its roots will extend into your body.

apparently, it works faster  when i explain it. you move well. but you are missing the edge you had earlier.

sukuna's vessel and... who is that man? he has a certain presence, but the amount of cursed energy he possesses is most definitely less than mine. however, he has that mysterious brazenness. he must have quite the technique, since i could not move carelessly before him. and what is this "black flash"? so, how will they attack?

and if i say i am? he did not carelessly close the distance. i commend him for that. he is fast! he has more explosive power  than the earlier girl! however, its intensity is poor.

are they fighting each other?

what tremendous concentration...

wha—

i had heard that sukuna's vessel  was immature as a sorcerer, but he and this mysterious man... something about them is different  from the other masses.

it would seem that i should take you two somewhat seriously.

that hit hard! their blows are not as bad as  that flashy black one before, but each one possesses enough  force to steadily damage me!

learn how great the land is!

they dodged that?! but what... what is this feeling?!

i do not believe i am faking anything.

do you enjoy them?

mahito, right now... i am enjoying a fight!we do. we are the true humans, after all.there is still mahito. humans fear and loathe death. yet the ones standing  behind that are also humans. to humans, death is a mirror. and mahito is that mirror. mahito will continue to grow stronger still. that is why you placed him  at the top of our ranks, right??flesruoy yb lla .ym ,ho

.nerdlihc hsiloof ,ti pots stop it, foolish children.

i merely wish to protect  this planet, that is all.

the forests, the oceans, and the sky all weep so vehemently that  i can no longer stand it. it is impossible to coexist  with humans any longer. they know there are some humans  who are kind to the planet. but how much does their affection even help?

all they desire is time.

this planet can shine blue  once more, given a bit of time... time without humans. please die and become sages.

no, that is too far... th-this is... a slash-and-burn farm!

throb...