wait!

what? you are at yoshino junpei's home?! that is a bit of a...

dinner?! i will head there at once. if you sense anything odd,  please run immediately. even if yoshino junpei is involved  in this incident as a perpetrator, i doubt he could quickly kill  itadori-kun as he is now. but still, this is a huge blunder  on my part as his supervisor. as blithe as gojou-san is, he might not mind, but if the adult-of-adults,  nanami-san, chews me out... i will probably cry! hurry up now! you do not want to cry in front  of others at your age, do you?!

he is calling me earlier than scheduled! yeah, he is going to chew me out! hello, i am sorry.

treatment?

that is good. i will join up with itadori-kun soon, then i will head your way.

i am such an idiot!

two ho—

after the incident at satozakura high school, we discovered the corpse of yoshino nagi,  yoshino junpei's mother, at their home, along with an unsealed sukuna's finger— his second left arm's pinky finger. we believe yoshino nagi was attacked by  cursed spirits drawn to sukuna's finger. her remains were missing  everything from the waist down. there were no visible or detectable  traces of blood found on-site, and yoshino nagi's body was  lying down in her bedroom. lifting up the blanket revealed only cold  packs and ice bags spread out beneath it.our job is to help others. that includes those who are  still students, like yourself. i will not make any more mistakes. you must not go, itadori-kun.tokyo  jujutsu  high  school

next up are the casualties.

three second-grade sorcerers, one semi-first-grade sorcerer, five assistant supervisors, and two cursed storehouse guards. they are all sorcerers who were  standing by at jujutsu high and working separately from  gojo-san and principal yaga. we are waiting on the report from ieiri-san, but we are nearly certain it was  the work of the cursed spirit that nanami-san encountered before.

it is not hard to get him to talk, but most of what he says  is irrelevant nonsense. however, he claims that he  only participated in the attack

principal gakuganji's  previous visit was to discussyes. right. once you have confirmed the situation,  please exit the veil again, nitta-san. with signal blocked inside, we will constantly need  someone on the outside. i would like you to take on that role. we will do whatever it takes to establish a communication network  using just the assistant supervisors. it should be possible if we  mobilize those off-duty and a portion of our windo—well, i am the only one who knows  you are still alive, so by necessity...

you already know the location of the culprit,  do not you? and not just "to some extent."

itadori-kun?

there he is.

it looks like he has not  attended school for some time.

we will get out of the car here. let us go.there he is.

it looks like he has not  attended school for some time.

i hear they are doing quite well.

we use that.

it is a fly head, a low-level curse that does not  even qualify as grade 4. once we reach a place with no people,  we will have it attack him.

one: if he is a normal person  who cannot perceive curses, please save him. two: if he can perceive it,  but has no means to deal with it, likewise, please save him. then we will question him  about the day of the incident. three: if he exorcises  the fly head with jujutsu... we immediately restrain him.

by force. if it is a misunderstanding, that is fine.  we will apologize after the fact. however... four: if yoshino junpei possesses potential  equal to or greater than a grade 2 sorcerer, we retreat and meet back up with nanami-san.

if this were a cursed spirit, yes.

fushiguro-kun mentioned  it before, remember? typically, cursed spirits are assigned  to sorcerers of equal grade.

that means a grade 2 sorcerer would be  expected to beat grade 2 cursed spirits. so a grade 2 sorcerer possesses strength  close to a grade 1 cursed spirit.

because gojou-san's so irresponsible... we will get out of the car here.

here we go, itadori-kun!

huh?coincidentally, the person in charge  of a student cannot recommend them.

for example, gojou-san could not  recommend itadori-kun to be a first-grade.it is a veil that traps  only regular people inside. regular people are only able to enter it. it varies for windows. sorcerers and assistant supervisors  are able to come and go.

it is blocked. please use assistant supervisors like us, or first exit the veil in  order to communicate."cursed tools" refers to  weapons imbued with curses. based on their force and effects, they are divided into grades one through four, just like sorcerers. the higher a cursed tool's grade, the greater the advantage it  provides in jujutsu combat.we have a bit of time before your  appointment with the principal. did you want to stop anywhere?

huh? right here?

huh? a-are you testing me? you are not going to hit me if  i actually go on ahead, are you?

in that case...it is fine. i am fine.

i mean it. i am really fine.

seriously, go away!i understand the situation. a guard for tsumiki-san, right? but the only ones we have available  right now are second-grade sorcerers.

since the number of victims  far exceeds our estimates, we will have to re-evaluate  the curse's grade, as well. you were probably assigned to this mission  with itadori-kun's growth taken into account, so if it is even more dangerous than that, it might be too much for  a second-grade sorcerer. it is just as dangerous  for all of you, as well. personally, i recommend you withdraw.if you encounter it, your choices  are to either run or die. i warned them that fighting  was absolutely not an option.

huh? what do you mean?

no, but... no one expected it to become a special-grade  by the time the dispatch was issued.

it is good to see you, ieiri-san!

keep going! keep going! keep going!all the cursed spirits released  into the area have charms on them, and when the cursed spirit disappears,

the corresponding charm here, in the viewing  area, is extinguished simultaneously. each charm is extinguished  differently according to the cursed energy registered beforehand.

when the tokyo school  exorcises one, they burn red.

when the kyoto school  exorcises one, they burn blue. since maki-san is in the match, any extinguished  by unregistered responses burn red, as well.

by the way, panda-kun's  the one who exorcised it.