huh?!

well, the number of them... there is a lot. and they are all humans, right?

let us get this done, baby! yeah!the veil—

n-nanamin?

you really were referring to  nanami-san with that "nanamin," huh?

roger that!

i will!

nanami-san is counting on me! you two! before we start the mission,  let me make it clear how important this is.

so casual about it! all of those people are going to  find themselves in trouble, and, worst case, eliminated! that brings us to issue two:  the collapse of the power balance. all of the cursed spirits  and curse users who have been keeping quiet because  satoru gojo was around will start taking action all at once. now, if those guys from  issue two try starting a war while society's in disarray  from fighting over issue one, we will lose. that is the future as nanami-san and i see it. so what do you think happens if we lose?

see, you get it! now, let us go, you guys! we will break that veil before  nanami-san gets back! let us rescue satoru gojo!fushiguro! fushiguro! did you know that when adding  effects to the barrier of a veil, you can basically only apply them  to "things with cursed energy"? that is roughly people,  cursed spirits, and cursed objects. so blocking cell phone signals is just  a side effect of a veil being lowered, and you cannot actually integrate the  surrounding signal into a veil's barrier.

what do you mean, nanami-san?!w-well, that was some decent force. is this guy for real?! he could give nanami-san a run for  his money in terms of physical blows. though i suppose that is why...

why not? listen, this is a veil to keep sorcerers out. it is a barrier. barriers are all designed to surround you and protect yourself, right? which fundamentally means  that whoever lowered this veil is inside it.

i see! so staying outside the veil instead of  surrounding themselves with it increases the risk of being discovered and defeated, thereby raising the strength of the veil. it is a real egg of columbus idea.

though, man, they are completely ignoring  the fundamentals of barriers! what a crazy idea! now i can see why the barrier did not  break from yuji's earlier blow.

by increasing the risk of discovery, they are further increasing  its strength, then?

good! just as planned! so this is the source of the veil?

there were three of them?! the veil keeping sorcerers  out is still active. where are the remaining two? with him?!

i have some endearing underclassmen now, so it is time to earn some achievements here so i can become a first-grade, too.

because i believe it is important  to do things the right way. especially with bloody  work like being a sorcerer. but i am not that bright, so sometimes  i do not know what the right way is. so whenever i am at a loss, i think to myself, "what would nanami-san do?" so it would not be right to become  a first-grade without your approval. oh, would you like another drink?

auspicious beast summon: #1, kaichi!

number 2, reiki. nanami-san entrusted those two to me, so i cannot just leave them alone, but it would be a bad idea to  lead these two to them, too. the best option is to kill them fast  and rejoin my underclassmen. adapt to the facts,  and maintain self-control. cast aside pride.

he is just as he seems—not all that strong. but he is doing whatever it takes and  sacrificing himself to protect that old hag. there is something more to them. i should hurry up. their aura's changed!

i will not let you!

transformation through seance? that hag is a medium?! no, that is not the problem here. what is up with him? is he some famous sorcerer?! i can tell by his stance... he is hella strong! number 4, ryu!