immortality?! who is stronger, him or gojo satoru?!

we should just kidnap itadori ahead of time. he is a pawn we will be using anyway.

hmph! i am not going, anyway.did he just touch—

no!

do not dismiss domain amplification, hanami!

i remained safe only because i used  domain amplification to protect myself. he is operating at this level with only basic  cursed energy manipulation and martial arts! satoru gojo, what is there that you are not capable of?!

wha— satoru gojo! look over here! hanami...

then of course there are conditions  to sealing something in it, right?

huh?

hey. i will burn you to death! you did not join forces with us just to push  that impossible task onto us, did you? even the lives of several  thousand ignorant humans would not be enough to warrant fighting  that thing under those conditions for a full minute.

do not let hanami's death be in vain. use the humans as cover,  and focus on hit-and-run tactics! choso! if you are not going to help,  i will kill you myself!

it is still not time?! it has to have been over  twenty minutes by now!

it is here!

can i burn the forest down with them in it?

hanami is dead.

what you need to do right now is use your infinite void to  kill us and all the people here so you can save the people  outside of your domain. but you are incapable of doing that. because the sacrifices  you are willing to accept are "people killed by cursed spirits," not "people killed by satoru gojo." now, think. ponder it. focus your mind!what is wrong?

i do not care about this kugisaki,  but you cannot kill itadori. we are turning him into sukuna.

mahito! what are you—

are you serious?

i do not need to be the one smiling  in the wasteland a century from now. as long as curses can live as people,  that is all that matters. sukuna is not our ally. we might even be the ones facing  greater risk if he is resurrected. but if sukuna is resurrected, that is  guaranteed to usher in the age of curses. we are not like the humans of today. we do not fear death, and we follow the path to  our goals without falsehoods. that is the essence of us curses  that those fakes lack.

wha?!

hey!

this is ridiculous. all the sorcerers, even itadori,  will be heading this way to save gojo. so all you have to do is wait here. this will not even be a game.

wha—wait up!

madam, did you hear? they said the gojos' little  satoru-kun was sealed!

next time, "seance"!no!

wha—

boing!

mahito!you came.

and have you given thought to the  first excuse you will use when you lose?

if you ran, huh? the correct answer is...

quit with the build-up and say it.

the correct answer is...

whether you run or not.

what do we do about his  domain, infinite void?

i thought i told you not to run. can you not understand unless i do this?

what? making excuses?you have passed on, dagon?

leave the rest to me.

our souls will reincarnate,  even without relying on human beings. let us meet again in the  wasteland a century from now. now, then. first one down.

second one down. third one down. sukuna? no, it is not! the fingers! someone has released sukuna's  fingers somewhere here in shibuya!

you two! how many fingers did you feed him?!

that so? then die. good, the markings have not disappeared. this was an unexpected turn of events,  but i will make use of it to greatest effect.

wake up, sukuna!

i fed him all ten. now there should be at least  15 fingers inside itadori. you are alive? must have been the technique of one of them. but given how frightened they are,  i doubt they can stop me that many times. do not waste my time!

this is sukuna... strength of a different kind than satoru gojo! overwhelming evil! fear that even the slightest  move could lead to death!

i want... nothing!

our objective, sukuna,  is your complete resurrection. currently, you only have temporary freedom  while itadori struggles to adapt. i am sure you are the most  aware of that yourself. even if sukuna's reverse cursed technique  is capable of healing others as well, it cannot do anything about the shape of a soul once it is changed by  mahito's idle transfiguration. it was not that he did not forge a pact back then. it was that he could not. forge a pact with yuji itadori  before he returns! a pact to grant you perpetual  authority over his body! many of itadori's allies are already here. there are plenty of ways you could do it.

you are true to your word, yes?hey, you! we heard this gossip from geto-san there!i knew. i knew he was stronger. but to think it was to this extent!

not yet!

geto, how strong would you say  i am in terms of sukuna's fingers?

i knew. i knew he was stronger. i knew there was a gap in our strength. but to think it was to this extent!

supreme art: meteor!

even sukuna should not escape that unharmed.

i know i cannot win a  tug-of-war between domains.

those are... flames?! i thought sukuna's technique  was severing and slicing...

i am sorry, hanami, dagon.

we will no longer be the same as we  are now once we are reborn again. yet even so, i will eagerly await  the day we meet again. we are the true humans.

maybe you are right.

what is this?