yeah, this place is relaxing. humans do not come anywhere near it.

mahito, you are awfully worn down yourself.

gather all the fingers and  offer them to sukuna, huh? even if we are all wiped out in the process, eh? very well. i do not need to be the one laughing  in the wasteland a century from now. as long as curses stand there as  people, that is all that matters.

is that necessary? the sorcerers are only  keeping itadori yuuji around so he can take in sukuna's fingers, right? he will still eat them, even if we leave them be.

into the tiger's den, huh? well, what should we do, then?that was easier than i expected.

brat.

did i wound your pride?

finding this fun, you say? no sense of danger at all.

ember insects!

there is more! that is all it took? i took a look for myself, and it was  just an overestimation by the weak. that human was just as fragile as the rest. he was not living a life of truth.  it is all so nauseatingly repulsive. i am going to go spread real strength,  the truth, through death.

what is the meaning of this?

impossible. that was not like before. i know i touched you and killed you.

no hostility? i guess i will see what it is about.

i cannot touch him? it stops just before him. this is infinity?

i refuse.

damn you! he is fast! it is not just a blow  strengthened by cursed energy! what is this?! i do not get it! i have to know!

it was not just talk. no matter. if i cannot hit him,  i will just drag him into my domain. where did he go?

that is... sukuna's vessel?!

sukuna's vessel... so he really is alive.

i cannot kill itadori due to our future plans... has he caught on to our goals? what is the brat for? he a shield?

bringing in someone who will slow  you down just makes you a fool.

do not underestimate me, brat! i am going to enjoy swallowing  up that smug face of yours!

domain expansion!

coffin of the iron mountain!

most sorcerers would have burned to ash  the moment they entered my domain!

if i neutralize that infinity  of yours with a dense domain, then my techniques will reach you.

give me the prison realm! i will add it to my collection. i came here half in jest. i thought i would not care if i could not kill him. but having this difference  between us thrust in my face... on my pride as a cursed spirit, as the new humanity,  this is completely unacceptable!

there will not even be ashes  left of you, gojou satoru!

what just happened? was my domain overwhelmed? i cannot see anything. i cannot feel anything. no... i can see everything! i can feel everything! but the information is never complete... so i cannot do anything!

like i would ever tell you, brat!

damn you!

how can you say that when you see me like this?!

why, you...

what are you doing?

what are you two planning to do?

i am going to kill these two later!hmph.well, tell me. was there any real reason  to use a precious finger to test sukuna's strength?

hmph. i will be praying that is not just an excuse. stop talking! no one  understands what you are saying! we do not understand, yet the meaning  flows right into our minds. it is creepy!

well, roughly. it is slightly different, though. humans are made up of lies. for every positive action and emotion  they show, there is always a flip-side. yet negative emotions like hatred and  hostility are truths without falsehood. since we curses are born  from those emotions, that makes us true, pure beings! imitations should be eliminated!

that is why we have come to ask you. what can we do to defeat  the jujutsu sorcerers?

and what are these two conditions?

hold on. he died, did not he? that itadori yuuji brat, i mean.