yeah, it did. intensity 2 or so?

a button with a swirl?

but the jujutsu sorcerers are  mahito-san's enemies, right?

no, i did not. i have only recently started  seeing those clearly.

huh? that is it?

yeah, sure.

it was a repeat screening of an old movie.  i doubt you would know it if i told you.

human earthworm 3.

you got hit? honestly, it was. but it is just a splatter film, so maybe it is our own fault for  asking it to deliver more than that. but 2 was—

yeah! yeah, it was! it was the only one with  a way you could enjoy it!

have you seen the entire series? at first, 2 looks like it would not  be any different from 1 or 3, but it actually captures the changing emotions of the perfectionist  who abandons everything.

at first, i could not understand  what was good about it, so i made myself watch it three times. it had the most effective gory scenes,  too, so it was not easy to rewatch.

do you like movies, itadori-kun?

what? but the emotional impact of finding  a good one at the theater is huge. even if on-demand is more convenient.

huh?

mom.

we just met, actually.

mom! i asked you... to quit smoking.

what are you even talking about?

h-hey! you are just bothering him.

mom, you have had too much to drink.

she is the worst kind of drunk.

that is from cast away, is not it?

yeah.

huh?

what is your mom like?

you are a jujutsu sorcerer, right?

have you... ever killed someone?

but someday you will have to fight  bad jujutsu sorcerers, right? what will you do then?

why not? they are bad people.

people do not have hearts. that idea saved me. it gave me strength. but if killing someone would mean tainting my soul... then i cannot kill anyone.

i did not own any black clothing, so i opened my mom's closet and put on the first  thing that caught my eye. the smell of the morning air and the  commute to school were all familiar, but today...

what was a thing like that doing in my home?!

they are not dead.

sensei. make sure you are watching...

...what is already happened, and what is about to happen.

i have a question for you. are you the one who left that in my home?

that is no good. do you still think you are in a position to  answer questions with your own questions? you are going to die. whether your answer is yes or no. after all, i do not have a technique  to see through your lies, and you have already done more  than enough to earn it! so show some sincerity in  your final moments, at least.

and? come on!

stay out of this, jujutsu sorcerer.stay out of this, jujutsu sorcerer.

moon dregs!

i will say it one more time. stay out of this, jujutsu sorcerer! it is none of your business!

what is the point of indiscriminate salvation? do not mistake the value of a life! people pretend their  emotions are everything, but the heart is just the metabolism of the soul. it is all a delusion! do not restrict me with rules  that are based on a delusion. no one has the right to stop anyone  from taking what lives they can. just sleep over there. there is something i have to go back and do.

why? why will not moon dregs' poison work on him? why are you getting in my way? why?! why?! why?! he is in the air! he cannot move! no... if there is a chance to crush him,  it is right before he lands!

people do not have hearts.

they do not! otherwise... otherwise... that would mean people cursed me  and my mom with those hearts! that would just be too much... i would not know what is right or what is wrong anymore... why did not you dodge it?

mahito-san, wait!

itadori-kun, please calm down! mahito-san's not a bad person... bad... person...

yuuji... why?if there was a button that  would make everyone i hate die, i probably would not push it.

but if there was a button that would  make everyone who hated me die,

i would push it without hesitation.

excuse me. excuse me. excuse me! one adult for human earthworm 3.

yeah, here.

this sucks.

high schoolers should not  skip school to watch movies.

not that i can talk.

this seriously sucks.

i cannot hear the movie at all.

there are always people like that,  even if they vary to some degree.

i was not.

shit. that woman's just using me to see  where she stands, and she is enjoying it!

damn it. i will tell her! i will tell her! i will tell her! i will tell her! you are not as cute as you  think you are, tsubasa-san. these three know that, too. the only reason they are fawning over you is because they think you will let them bang you.

stop talking.

turn off your phone!

wha... what is this? that person just now... no, a person could not do this. and if they could, would they really be human?

can i... do that, too?

a shared image of fear? you mean like famous monsters  and ghost stories?

like natural disasters?

no, i am not...

what kind of curse are you, mahito-san?help me!up to 7, actually.

it became a completely different thing by 7. it is not even a parody movie anymore.

convoluted sitcom plus  lineage horror, i suppose?

by a total fluke, and the grandchild of  the main character from 1 ends up living in a shared house with the  grandchild of the culprit from 2 and the grandchild of the  first person who died in 3, but it turns out it is a haunted house,  so they call in a spirit medium. that is the story.

it bored me to death.

what is interesting, though,  is that the guy from 5 and 6—

b-but you have not been using it lately,  so i thought it was fine now.

so, well, um...

i am taking it home.

move your foot.

i am taking this home. so could you move your foot?

i wonder if the first person to say  "the opposite of fondness is indifference" went to hell like they should have. it is just not possible that interacting maliciously with others could be more proper than leaving them alone. "the opposite of fondness is hate." japanese people love that. they like to gloat over  complicating a simple answer.

i am talking about the mistaken translation. the original phrase,  spoken by some foreigner, was "the opposite of love  is indifference," right? there are various definitions of "love,"  so "indifference" works as an antonym there.

but we generally do not use  "love" very much, right? that is why, in this country, it got changed to "fondness" at some point. that version spread without any thought  as to whether the opposing definitions of "love" and "indifference" still held true.

what is this?

this is... a human?

i do not know. if this was my mother, i might lose control and end up hating you. but i already know how  repulsive humans can be. that is why i do not expect  anything from other people, nor do i think much of it when  someone i do not know dies. indifference is the virtue  people ought to strive for.

are you trying to say that is contradictory?

huh? do they not?

then what about my—

sotomura-sensei.

friends?

me... and them? he is insane.

you teachers... you graduate from school  and then go work in schools, so you do not actually experience  the real world, do you? that is how we end up with  overgrown children like you, is not it?

every last one of them!

that button...

what was that about?

huh?! that was fast!  you already ran that entire lap?!

you did not have to go through all that. you could have just dragged me away.

how do you...

you are not wrong.

sure.excuse me... did you do that? in the theater?