it sounds stupid, but he has a point.

i heard you fended off a special-grade.

itadori, why are you a jujutsu sorcerer?

if you are not there, mother, i will not become a jujutsu sorcerer!

i see. that is a good reason.

nice pitch!yeah. i can adjust my body heat. no problems here.he held us in awfully low regard, huh?where is toudou?

not a problem. he is the one who told us to do as we pleased.

this is... itadori and i switched places?!

no, you did not. you said you would kill us if  we ordered you around. was that itadori's... no, it was toudou's technique?

make sure you kill him.

mai, mechamaru, cover nishimiya.

and if i said we were?

we have no reason to kill him.here it comes!

convergence! piercing blood!

hurry! he is just going to heal right away! inumaki will stop it,

then we repeat that as we  try to get outside this veil

but there is no telling when the  current balance will fall apart. his cursed speech is not  affecting it much anyway, and we are not getting a chance  to contact the teachers. if it figures out how to deal with  his cursed speech, we are finished. hurry! we do not know what  the cursed spirit's after. there is a chance the principal and the other sorcerers stationed at  jujutsu tech have not taken action. i would like to quickly rejoin toudou, or at the very least, miwa, but...

he is the one hitting his limit first?!age is irrelevant to jujutsu sorcerers.

especially with fushiguro-kun. he is from the zenin bloodline, but he is more talented  than the head of the clan.

something to say?

yes. you must kill them with cursed  energy to prevent them from coming back as a curse after death.

come back, toudou. the principal is not finished yet.

you can record it. come back here.

no. allowing a half-wit like itadori yuuji to be a sorcerer at jujutsu tech  is a serious problem. one that goes beyond this exchange event. i cannot overlook this as the  eldest son of the kamo clan. we are all attacking itadori yuuji together.

no, if you know he is coming,  he is not that scary to face.

you are sounding just like toudou.mechamaru. do not waste your powerful moves. you never know when you will be facing  more than the single enemy before you.

ibaragi? it is ibaraki. you do not even know that?you can call more than one type  of shikigami at a time, right? cannot say i appreciate  you holding out on me.

do not worry about that. these are all arrows  i prepared ahead of time. ten shadows technique: one of the zenin clan's  hereditary techniques. it creates ten types of shikigami  using shadows as its medium. if only maki or mai had  inherited that technique...

nice reaction. but stay alert.

manipulating blood is not limited  to its shape and motion. body temperature, pulse, red blood cells, and all  other components of blood are mine to freely control. flowing red scale!

very astute. but i wish you would not use such a layman's term for it.

what is this?

i thought they were releasing a second-grade?

it might get hunted down  before we can use it.

then why is everyone so good to me? why did you take me in as the heir?

then as the next head of the kamo clan... shikigami users who can fight this  well in close combat are precious. you have improved. i am happy.

i am sympathizing. someday you will be one of those  supporting the major clans. i intend to kill itadori yuuji.

no, it is my personal decision. as a member of the kamo clan,  one of the three major clans, i believe that is the right call. i must behave as the heir to the kamo clan. for my mother's sake. you should be able to understand that, too. you and i are the same.

we are.

a shikigami?! he still had more?! he used the shikigami as a  decoy before releasing it?

it is a big target! i will strike first! water?! it drove me away with mass and pressure?! open spaces are bad! that one's next!

i— blood manipulation: crimson binding! i cannot afford to lose!

why is there a cursed spirit at jujutsu tech? who does this veil belong to?

do you know something?

hold on. you can understand what he is saying?

blood manipulation: slicing exorcism! no damage?!

that sword... where has he been hiding it?

it is a curse spouting nonsense! do not listen!cursed speech uses the power of words. it imbues cursed energy into sound, so you just have to protect your brain  and your ears with cursed energy. cursed speech is a technique specialized  for use against cursed spirits. like i said before, it is nothing for a sorcerer  to be afraid of if you know it is coming.