it is started. the star religious group does not have the  power to fight against jujutsu sorcerers. but they can pay very well. that i guarantee. how about it, zen'in? want to get in on the assassination  of the star plasma vessel?he is not the founder.

do you mean it? i know it was a necessary expense,  but you have already helped us out a lot, too. i thought you would complain a bit more.

human society might be what crumbles  if tengen-sama loses control, though.

yeah.

because i had a good idea of what  you were planning at the time. i made the call that the relief  from the maid's successful rescue would wear him down more than  heightened tensions from failure. you often ignore the lines of communication  and toss out whatever i was planning, right? it all worked out in the end. and stop running your mediator ragged.

i had a laugh at that myself. normally, you would use a car  to transport a captive, right? public transportation carries  too many risks, after all. but get this. the president  owned his own private jet.

rich people think on a different scale, man.

no way. you never pay for a guy, anyway. i have already decided i will only see you either for work or in hell.it is a different group,  but their roots are the same. they are claiming they just bought  the existing space as-is. do not like it?

are you really going out dressed like that?

all the branch directors,  all the representatives, and the president. all the big donors, as well.and just what are you doing after  suddenly disappearing on me?

i have never seen you win once. what about your job?

because you are. as a mediator, it is my duty to report  how the job's going to the client.

already did, dumbass. what were you thinking,  letting go of the entire deposit?

you are not cut out for making easy money.

i am counting on you, sorcerer killer.

oh, right. how is megumi doing?

are you sure?

the bounty is the thirty-million deposit  that the star religious group paid you. if they kill the star plasma vessel,  the deposit is gone, and worst-case, you might not  get the full reward, either. they might start saying  they could have posted a bounty from the start  instead of hiring you.

not even you?

it is a good thing you put  that time limit on it. the curse users are  quickly flocking to them.

eh?

do not be ridiculous. this was not your average  anonymous message board.

there are posting fees, handling fees, and—

hey! that bastard.