...was to prevent me from doing  something reckless like this, right? that is probably why these people  were late getting here, too. but even so... i cannot be the only one going back  when those two are out there fighting.

sometimes you still have to try,  despite knowing it is futile!

for you. hairpin!

here is another! hairpin!

i have been thinking about it ever since i heard about your technique. i bet this one will work nicely on you. resonance!

that is odd. i just felt my cursed energy  explode far away from here. the pressure from your cursed  energy is also lackluster, and you could have just taken  hold of me earlier, too. you are... some kind of double who cannot  use its technique, are not you?

now that resonance is working, it should not fire off  attacks as rapidly as before. this is where the real battle begins!

huh?! hold it! i could ignore it and head  straight for floor b5, but if i let that thing run free, it will just because more issues later. underground?! this is perfect! i will exorcise it and keep  heading down to floor b5!

itadori?!

die, damn it!

at the time...

i thought everyone in my village was crazy, and i was convinced i was the only sane one.

hey, let us trade backpacks, fumi!

let us trade!

i am number one in japan!

uh-oh!

shut up, old geezer! do not come near me!

i hate all backpacks in the first place.

it is such a small village that it is harder to be  strangers than friends.

fumi! i found a secret base!

we are living here starting today!

here it is!

yahoo!

oh, yes! why, yes!

fumi, let me practice braiding your hair!

okay! i am never coming back here again! so make sure you get out of this  village at some point, too, fumi!

fumi. let us make sure all three of us  are together when we meet again.

"everyone in the village was crazy." that notion was never true. but the crazy ones have the louder voices, and make it seem like they are all there is so they can trample all  over other people's lives. though i guess that  was not entirely the case. i am sorry, fumi. i could not keep our promise. itadori. tell everyone for me: life was not so bad!

when i first stepped off at tokyo station, i was a bit grossed out because the air  smelled like i was standing behind a truck. now it does not bother me at all, though. next time, "right and wrong, part 3."

i guess life's all about the dirt we pick up.when did you start getting  along with that gorilla?

what, were you drunk?

no complaining.

you fought against them, did not you?

some questions do not have answers, you know. you are thinking too hard. you will go bald.

do not just move the conversation  forward without me.

we will win anyway.

they call me the mah-kun of tohoku.

huh?

hold on!

that is obviously a pitching machine!

it is just one thing after another with you! and yet somehow you are  still a jujutsu high student! fine, i will do this!

maki-san, nice pitch!

what? i definitely prefer bread.honestly, i do not know him all that well. but there is one thing i can say for certain.

what? you are asking me that? not that i mind. i do all kinds of things, but like,  it ultimately comes down to genetics. i am sure those with pale, smooth skin like gojo-sensei would say,  "i do not really do anything."

so what do you actually do?

grr!it is still early. i will go shopping or something.

finally done.

what are you seeing?

who would ever go see that? i have not even seen 1, 2, or 3.

what the hell? that is so gross.

i do not want see some wormo man,  regardless of the theme.

it does not matter. i am going shopping, okay? want to come with?

okay. later, then.

huh?

huh?! seriously?! that was only six months ago! what happened to you?!

wow... you are a real kuroko sato. that is itadori.

wait... yuko, you mean... it is like that, right?

hey, ijichi-san. is fushiguro still riding with you? i sent you the url for the restaurant i am at. could you turn around and bring him here? thanks! see ya soon! someone who knows itadori well  is on his way here now.

we will talk to him about it first.

no. even if hell froze over  and danced the lambada... no. my chest just felt weird.

hey, fushiguro! does itadori have a girlfriend?

this is yuko ozawa. she is actually blah, blah, blah.

yeah, it is like that!

your basis for that?

are you the type to drink coffee black only  when women are around so you can show off? stop that.

you have a shot! i will summon itadori! you are okay with that, right, yuko?!

that was fast! oh, crap.

i did not tell itadori about yuko!

he definitely will not recognize her  after she changed so much!

that is the number one line you do not want to  hear when reuniting with the one you adore! itadori! this girl is—

i exchanged with her. it should be fine. more importantly, fushiguro, i have finally realized my own feelings.

the thought that itadori  might land a girlfriend before i get a boyfriend pisses me off.

walk behind me.

here.

just while you are at it.

you would feel bad making  a lady carry them, right?

huh?! hold up!

do not take mine with you! there is no way i am watching some wormo man!

so, who from kyoto is it?

that is why you asked those  of us from tokyo, right?

now we are certain it is mechamaru.we are accomplices.

patch-face... was it you? are you the special-grade cursed spirit  that is been messing with our idiot?

yeah. i heard you ran with your  tail between your legs.

i have not had any good  chances to shine today... they said this thing's technique  had something to do with souls, and not to let its hands touch me, right? ...so i will have to settle for  exorcising a cowardly bug like you. recall it. recall the essence of cursed energy  that you seized back then!

hairpin.fushiguro! have you seen my uniform jacket?

that is weird. i left it right here... oh, panda-senpai. have you seen my uniform?

really? i wonder where it could have gone. hey, my skirt's not here, either. that is a line that cannot be crossed.

jeez, you are both trash.

huh? this is maki-san's.could not they put in a few  more vending machines?

oh, she is one, too? they do seem similar. are they sisters?

he is right. that is a tall hurdle  for an antisocial guy.

hey, are not the jujutsu tech  schools four-year schools?

huh...

is that your summer uniform? ticks me off, but it is nice.

not a bad answer. if you had said something like  "big boobs," i would have killed you.

fushiguro!

i thought you two were similar,  but that is not the case at all. maki-san's a hundred times prettier. are you not sleeping enough?  you have got open pores.

nice support, maki-san! you put a bunch of holes  in my brand new tracksuit. leave that uniform of yours behind. i will make it my own summer uniform!

leave it!

what?! no way...

where is fushiguro?

quit acting like you won! leave your uniform behind, damn it!

hey, maki-san... is what she said true?  that you do not have cursed energy?

like that thing he gave itadori? then why are you a jujutsu sorcerer?

i respect you, maki-san.oh, no!

between ijichi-san, who left us in  charge of this freshly cleaned shirt,

and me, who spilled coffee on it... who is more at fault?

i am working on it!

eh, i am sure it is a cheap shirt, anyway. fushiguro, look up the brand on the tag.

we have no choice. i will put in 90,000. you can each put in 80,000.girls hate you, do not they? you meet someone new,  and all you talk about is yourself. i will charge you for this.

shut up! stop picking fights  in moments like these!

were you listening to me?

you be careful not to hit me!

what? i definitely prefer cats.so stupid.

i already knew it, but he is a monster.

what the hell?! i do not see why!

are the kyoto students a bunch of cowards  who would kill a person on someone else's orders?

makes sense.

of course. answer on the first ring, fushiguro! also, why did not they provide us with  wireless radios or bluetooth earbuds?!

you can take them off during combat!

i totally cannot stand a ubssd.only strong!no one's here? here at the scramble crossing  in front of the station? this is shibuya on halloween!

i told you to go buy melon bread,  but this is chocolate chip melon bread!

they are as different as fried  taters and gundam models!

huh?

you know what they are, right, fushiguro?what?! why are you all empty-handed?!

what do you mean?  we are going to kyoto, right?

for the exchange event  with our sister school in kyoto?

no way! what did i make all those  preparations for, then?!

i was totally ready to go sightseeing!

this sucks! what a scam! then do not go winning, you idiots!

i will not forgive you, okkotsu yuuta! not that i have ever even met you! that is misdirected anger.

shut up. hurry up and hand over the cake box, and the yatsuhashi, kudzu noodles,  and buckwheat cookies.

a robot! it is a robot!

sure it is not jet lag?

overly excited adults are creepy.

hey.

you got something to say?

shut up and stay that way for a while.

blabbing on about people's techniques...

what do you mean, "really"? you already got sent rolling around once! overwhelm them!  let us thoroughly trounce them! for maki-san's sake, too!it sounded like he got attacked  while on the phone with nitta-chan, so it probably happened  after he left fushiguro's group. he might be in trouble by himself right now.

nitta-chan, stop.

nitta-chan, hide. i will finish this quickly. pretend to hide in bunkamura, then keep going and slip through tokyu. from the way he is talking,  he probably took out ijichi-san. which means we need to hurry.

coming at me unarmed?  you throwing the match?

most who rely on cursed tools  are mid- or long-range fighters. so keep up the attack! who are you again?

i will make it even more dangerous!

nitta-chan!

why, you! the sword he dropped earlier?! how is it above me?!

hairpin! nitta-chan!

wh-what... work, mouth, work! ...are you after? buy as much time as possible!

i was asking you!

stop it!

he came to shibuya with fushiguro, right? nanami-san?

i will not let you!

he is on a different level. so this is a grade 1 sorcerer!

the fact that he is still holding out  after being sealed makes it sound real.

i will go, too!

do not be shy! we are from the digital native generation! excel, power point, they are nothing!

do it, do it!you think i do not know that?!

no way! i have got your back.

huh? huh?!

well done. you have my compliments.

i am kidding. thank you.

itado—

huh?

a technique that guarantees  victory once it hits... you two are strong. too bad for you, though. that makes me the worst match for you!

straw doll technique: resonance. it is a technique that deals damage  to the target's main body by driving cursed energy through an effigy  and a lost portion of the target. the technique's range is broad, and the effect varies with the difference in strength between  us and the value of the lost portion. as far as straw doll technique is concerned, blood is not very valuable. but resonance uses the link to its target. and their blood that is inside me now

it is a nice surprise that it worked  on the younger brother, too. if i am going to die here anyway, then i will keep hammering  resonance into them!

resonance! itadori is the vessel for ryomen sukuna,  the king of curses and deadly poisons. so he has resistance to all forms of poison.

he is probably feeling pain  from the decomposition, but the resulting poison does not affect him. and if it is just pain... itadori yuji... will not stop!

shut up already! resonance!

i have not shown you this one yet, have i? hairpin. do not worry. i will be sending your older  brother to join you soon.

why is not this thing vanishing? is it still alive? no! it is not a cursed spirit! it has a physical body!

do not rush me! straw doll technique: resonance!

oh, yeah. though it might leave scars. i wonder if those old guys are all right.  their truck's gone, too. the poison's... well, if we head home now,  i wonder if shoko-san'll be awake. and i wonder if she will be sober... what are you fidgeting for? it is creepy.

what about you?

i think you are doing worse than me here. to be blunt, this was nothing to me. these things happen when you are a sorcerer. i am no fushiguro, but ultimately, there are only  so many people we can save. there are only so many seats open in my life, and i do not want to let my heart be swayed  by anyone who is not sitting in one of them. is that mean? of course, there are also people like you  who bring their own seat and sit down. it might not mean much, but we did not have room to worry about  whether they were cursed spirits or curse users. even if they were human, we do not have a technique to keep anyone  that strong restrained long-term. you know that, right?

i see.

i see. in that case, we are accomplices.

do not go to sleep with sukuna's finger  in your hand. that is dangerous.

you have the energy to ask about that?

it is not leftovers.

she is lost it.

i am hungry.

i wonder if there is a  splendid sushi around here.

shut up.

are you certain about that?

i will not say anything. do not underestimate a lady's consideration.

half of that is yours, right?

drop even one... and you are dead!

i just said you are dead  if you drop even one!

what are you going to do  if they are damaged?!

what?

huh? why?

what?

he says that pretty often.straw doll technique: resonance!

we should just keep going  like it is whack-a-mole, huh?

you mean its main body  does not have much offense

i will be fine. you just whack the mole.

why, you... do not touch me!

an errand?

a cursed spirit? a curse user? which is he? and what is that smell?

but even if the finger's... even if the special-grade  cursed spirit was defeated, they would not come out unscathed. i hope they are okay.

hold on! he is going after the finger! you think you can mock me  by running like that and still get away from me?

then why are you dressed like that? is that the source of this weird smell?

so annoying. it is too hot for your craziness.

who is that woman?! have you forgotten the night  you toasted to my eyes?

that night! that night!hey, you. your old fart told you to kill itadori, right?

you really do not need to hide it. i am out to kill someone, too. especially that bitch mai,  the watered-down version of maki.

do not "what?" me. even pepper-kun gives slightly  better responses than that. what, she is not getting mad? but i feel the same way right now! oh, i almost forgot. you guys  have your own pepper-kun, huh? maybe i will scrap it and dump it somewhere.

panda-senpai!

huh?is it ready yet?

you can cook for yourself?  not really surprising, actually.

i see. itadori's legacy.why do you ask?

got it! eat up!moan-day?

tuesday!

weh-do-ness-day?

screw this!

who the hell came up with these readings?!meaning all three received the same curse, and it activated after time had passed?

heh. what did you expect?

is this the home of that acquaintance?

there is some obvious punks. let us beat them up and set them straight!

heh, look at that. you actually get it.

that is a surprise, too, but that is not the point! look at me!

hey, idiot a and idiot b!  what did this guy do to you?

why do you keep talking so stiffly?!

look at me!

and who the hell are you?!

you are still here, a and b?

what a weird tribe.

we still have to go check it out, though.

what?! you tell us too little about yourself!

hey, we did not find hide  nor hair of any cursed spirit.

why?

true.

she did! she did!

who is that again?

geh.

you did not go to yasohachi bridge  by yourself at the time, did you? do you remember who you went with?

that is fushiguro's sister!

why were you talking to ijichi-san?

you tell us too little about yourself.

you are seriously at your wits' end  if you did not notice us until now.

okay, okay, we get it now.

this one will be rewarding to exorcise.

huh?!

we could not!

i am glad you said something, fushiguro!"live a long life"? does not mean much when  you go and die yourself. is this your first time having a partner die?

you seem to be taking it well, considering.

of course. i only knew him for about two weeks. i am not some simple woman who breaks down  bawling when a guy i barely know dies. jeez.

yeah. wonder if it is time for summer uniforms.

you are supposed to try  to make me feel better! who are those guys?

you are not adding more  about the panda named panda?

kyoto sister school exchange event? what is that?

what do you do at this event? smash bros.? i will not lose if it is the wii version. i will meteor smash so you cannot come back.

individual and team battles? we fight?! against other jujutsu sorcerers?!

wait, do you have time for that? i thought we were short on jujutsu sorcerers.

huh...

i...

but if i decide this training and exchange  event is pointless, i am quitting instantly.get down here, you damn witch!

her cursed energy wind  is strong enough to lift me! it hurts like hell when pebbles  and branches get caught in it, too! if i drop my guard, it will gouge my flesh! how dare you hurt my precious face?

huh?

and it actually is.

huh?

i get that you are a pain in the ass!

i am used to getting knocked around.

no, that is just an excuse. the main reason i cannot attack her is inumaki-kun.

all done with your lecture?!

shut up. you think misfortune is  a free pass to do anything? what, then? you are satisfied with those who are blessed  getting trash-talked behind their backs? that is how saori-chan... i cannot stand her, regardless of her upbringing, and i love maki-san, who  endured the same upbringing. have you all even bothered to  think about what kind of person the idiot you are trying to curse is? what makes us obligated to meet such  perfection or such absurd demands? is your entire life just a job?!

no, i reached you. this is plenty!

i do not give a damn about  "men" this and "women" that! you can keep that shit to yourselves! i love myself when i am pretty  and all dressed up! and i love myself when i am being strong! i am... kugisaki nobara!

if i hit her with my hammer,  i might kill her. so...

one more time!

what do you think of maki-san?

huh? i am talking about as a sorcerer.

maki-san's a fourth-grade.

her family's an annoying clan of sorcerers, so after she kind of  emancipated herself and left, they have been interfering with her promotion.

they will not acknowledge what  they have already rejected, because they are idiots.

so let us start by winning the group battle! fight like you are going to die again!