true... even accounting for those  trapped inside the station, the crowd density was low.i am so done.they lowered an advanced barrier  and called out satoru gojo by name.

this is likely the same culprits behind  the attack on the exchange event. the upper brass want to minimize casualties, so they have decided to send satoru gojo  in alone to restore order to shibuya.

us, nanami, zen'in's old man, and mei mei, too. we are all here on standby outside the  veil to catch any of gojo's rebounds.

we will not be able to stay in contact  once we are inside the veil anyway.

do not get bristly with me. unlike last year's night parade of  a hundred demons on christmas, events are already in motion. i think this was the best call, too. besides, i had a peek inside the veil earlier, and it was pretty peaceful. regular people were panicking, sure, but there were not any cursed spirits  or curse users going around killing them. at present, those regular people  are just trapped inside. though, honestly, i do not want to  go back inside there again.

it was in hikarie, i think.

most likely, there is lots of special-grade  cursed spirits underground.you missed five and seven.

you really are an animal...gojo this, gojo that. gojo is not the only person in the world! who knows who might be trembling in  a nook of shibuya right this very instant? imagine if it were some young  elementary school girls. how would you feel if we overlooked them? it would not be an  exaggeration to say we were responsible for snuffing  out such a bright future!

if you understand, then get to scouring  every building, every floor, and behind all the toilets, you dumbass! this is bad. i am running out of room for excuses. i definitely do not want to go near floor b5. i would much prefer to wander  around like this and waste time. because i do not want to die! if panda knew how to get there,  he would run off for floor b5 on his own. i want to avoid that, too! because i do not want to be  left here alone right now! he might be a panda, but he has  more of a human heart than i do. but because he is a panda, he has no  sense of his surroundings here in shibuya. he has not even noticed that we are  already super close to floor b5.

yeah, be thorough about it! maybe i will pretend to be lost  in the station next. this huge bundle of cursed  energy keeps appearing and disappearing from  the culprits who sealed gojo. no way i am touching that.  that would be stupid.

panda.

i do not want to get murdered, either,  but i cannot just roll over and say yes. so why do not we have a chat? a nice, long one.

their chat was too short, damn it! still, though... with a group on this level? it is too perfect. i can take plenty of time just  fending them off and dragging this out. new shadow style iai, evening moon.

it is dangerous to remain here any longer! time to run!

listen, you! listen up, you curse users! i do not know why, but a couple of  special-grades are fighting each other! a bunch of elephants are now  tap-dancing on top of ants! and just to be clear, we are the ants!

new shadow style: quick draw! panda! let us hurry up and run!