was that it, grade 1 sorcerer? you did well running around,  but you are at your limit, are not you?

what? his cursed energy's increasing?

overtime? a time-based pact! he was limiting his own cursed  energy this whole time?! fun!

he is revealing his technique? you are serious, huh?

playing tag again?

what power! no, more importantly, cursed energy raced through it? no way! it is an expanded technique that imbues  the destroyed target with cursed energy! it is a wide-range attack  that puts him at risk, too. so i guess... i should dodge this one.

yup. if you meet a student wearing this button  with a swirl, you should be friendly to them. because they are jujutsu sorcerers. i am sure you will get along with them.

that sorcerer's more reckless than he looks!

getou! that guy was interesting. i learned a lot from him.

even if i am pulverized, i will not die as  long as i maintain the shape of my soul. consumption of cursed energy counts  toward supplementation of the self. also, it looks like there is no risk to me, no matter how much i tweak  the shape of my own soul. next time, i will let loose and  try all kinds of things. getou, get me some clothes.

i do not know. he said he was retreating, but he  might be buried under the rubble.

i have practiced a lot... you will make the best test subject. luck's really on my side.

this is a cursed object known as "sukuna"  that attracts other curses.

there are many curse users who  earn money by cursing people. it was probably done by one of them. with money and connections,  it is easy to curse someone to death. can you think of anyone? anyone who might hold a grudge  against you or your mother? or perhaps... someone dark and gloomy,  with plenty of money and free time?

emerge from darkness,  blacker than darkness. purify that which is impure. hey, i did it.

they cannot escape from inside. some can enter from outside, but only those with weak cursed energy.

i think it will go fine. the general course was already set  once junpei landed sukuna's vessel. i will because the two of them to clash,  and force itadori yuuji into a pact giving sukuna dominance.

but it is cute how honest  and straightforward he is. anyway, you okay with this? that finger was a precious resource, right?

another ploy?

huh? you are leaving? you should stay and watch, too. i am sure it will be fun... watching foolish kids die.your cursed technique is poison. you produce poison from cursed energy and make your shikigami  secrete it from its tentacles. you will learn to control the size and strength of your shikigami,  as well as the potency of your poison. a normal jujutsu sorcerer would need some time to grasp it, but i will teach you the sensation, so you will be able to fight right away. junpei, you have talent.

nice to meet you...

...vessel of sukuna.

you know, junpei, you have got  a good head on your shoulders. but sometimes deliberation can lead  to worse foolishness than imprudence. you are a stereotypical case of that! you are almost as foolish as those people you call fools yourself. that is why you will die. idle transfiguration. now, time for round two.

he refused the pact? the shape of one's soul is not something that  reverse cursed techniques could deal with... maybe healing others is beyond him?

though, what i am after is what comes next, so i guess this is fine.

oh, dead already? i suppose i was kind of rough  when i changed his shape. guess that is how it goes. that was an unusual blow. interesting! too bad, though. that will not work. so long  as i maintain the shape of my— what is going on?! he struck the shape of my soul, as well? that is right! itadori yuuji's a vessel. his body constantly houses another  soul in addition to his own. so naturally... you are aware... of the outline of your soul?

do not you mean you will  "exorcise" me, jujutsu sorcerer? itadori yuuji is not concerned  with his own life. getou forbade me from forcing him  into an external pact using hostages. so if he cannot kill a foe he hates  so much that he longs to kill them, he will probably turn to sukuna. if junpei is not enough, i would just need to transform every  student, one by one, before his eyes. that would lead itadori yuuji to negotiate  and forge a pact with sukuna while he is full of hatred for self-interest. if that also improved the chances of  sukuna joining our side, all the better. though, all of that presumes  that i am stronger than him. so why did he have to be my natural enemy?

now that i know his attacks work on me, changing my shape and making  his target bigger is a bad idea.

i will use a shape more honed toward murder, with more inspiration for murder, and manifest it!

most people would let go, you know. spreading my shape too much causes it  to lose strength and maneuverability. you cannot beat me. swap out already... with sukuna. idle transfiguration.

hey, you are alive and well, 7:3 sorcerer! glad to see we both survived. shall we share a hug, in celebration of our reunion?i guess i should have asked dagon  to leave a few more humans for me. still, this is plenty!

nice! she is wary of both my hands. she must have heard the report  from that 7:3 sorcerer, then. you are no fun. but i am only a double. i can still alter my own shape, but i cannot tweak transfigured humans or interfere with the souls of others. so thanks for wearing your  nerves down all on your own! i already told you, that will not work on me. you know that, right?

she is jumping down? what does this girl hope to achieve?

she used the nails that had fallen before!

no way... no way! yuji itadori was not my only natural enemy?!

correct. her technique's aftereffects  are lingering a long time! i still cannot get my body  to move like it should!

no... i am running!

you fell for it!

hit you dead-on!

now, then... i was not able to completely finish off  the 7:3 sorcerer with just one touch... but what about her?good work. you are just a human. do not act on your own. or i will kill you.

without a hitch. all six of the special-grade  "sukuna's finger" cursed objects that jujutsu high possessed... and the other special-grade cursed object, "cursed wombs: death paintings,"  one through three.

who is tengen?

any gatekeepers?

hear that? get along, jogo!

come on, wake up, hanami. let us go home.

you are sounding more  like a curse, too, hanami.jogo! man, the air smells so nice here. it is full of fear. let us leave a few humans alive after all. we can release them into the woods  on weekends and go hunting!

hanami'll get mad over that.

seriously?

i really cannot hit you!

let me tell you one of the  gross things about humans. there are too many of them!

idle transfiguration: soul multiplicity.

body repel. satoru gojo is not like yuji itadori. i know he is capable of cold logic. he probably assumes  some degree of sacrifice is needed as he makes certain to exorcise us. but with both the death count and  the number of living people rising, the scales determining what degree  is acceptable can no longer function.

for real?hey, geto.

does that really have to be a universal truth? are you sure the world does not operate  differently for your technique and mine?

now we cannot use this anymore, right?

huh. lame. well, in any case...

what is this? what is going on?

man, now they know what we are doing. the sorcerers are going to  come here in force now.

jogo, calm down. honestly, i think i want to kill itadori, too.

from what i could tell after  seeing satoru gojo in person, now that he is sealed away, the sorcerers  and cursed spirits are evenly matched. if sukuna is resurrected,  we will have a huge advantage, and victory is basically ours, right?

but then, that also means we are perfectly capable of  winning with the forces we have now, right? so let us kill itadori! it will be fine! even if we lose sukuna, we can still win.

as serious as can be.

you are wrong.

no matter how off-kilter or inconsistent, we always act in accordance  with our true desires. that is what it means to be a curse. oh, when i said you were wrong, i meant regarding what curses are. i agree, the whole resurrection  thing is one possibility. nor do i really want to fight you over it. so how about we play a game? if i run into itadori first, i will kill him. if you find him first, you can give him the  fingers and let sukuna regain his power.

you are more on jogo's side  if you had to pick, right, geto? what about you?

ready, go!

oh, my! i always thought that would  happen to that boy one day! he was always flaunting his style, acting like he was nothing  but leg below his nipples!

oh, geto-san, did you hear? the gojos' little—he always smells moldy. i hate it. and he is an enemy. let us just kill him quick.

hanami's the one who did that. you should not lash out at the wrong people.

maybe i will get carried away  and turn him into a caterpillar.

yeah, yeah. you are lower than a scumbag, so be grateful. idle transfiguration. no fun at all. celebrate a bit more.

i suppose that is fair. all right, shall we get started?

do not you dare. he is my toy. he escaped? well, it is not like we need to kill him. how boring. i wanted to have a match,  not go hunting, you know. that is more like it!

so you have been making  something like this in secret? guess you were not a shut-in just for show. he is inside it, right? he would not want me to touch him, after all. the cockpit... the seat of his soul... is the head!you three...

need to mind your manners.

what if i am the one who did it? will you condemn me? were those three special to you?

there are cursed spirits known as  special-grade potential apparitions.

cursed spirits are a collection of the  cursed energy emitted by humans. whether it actually exists or not, a shared image of fear makes it easy  for a powerful curse to manifest.

yup.

like toilet-bound hanako-san,  the nine-tailed fox, and so on. jujutsu sorcerers have registered them  as special-grade potential apparitions and keep an eye out for them. the fact that they often categorize  powerful, unidentified curses as potential apparitions makes it feel  like that is all they are focused on. but people constantly fear more  than just those fairy tales, right?

i love how stress-free talking to you is.

people... have always feared the earth,  the forests, and the oceans. because the cursed energy directed  toward those is far too big, they gained wisdom before they took shape  and remained in hiding up until now. i am proud to call them all friends.

a human one. i am a curse that was born from the hatred and  fear people hold in their gut toward others.i have been here. the whole time.

i have been here. the whole time. shall we chat for a bit? you and i have gone at it  a few times, after all.

you do not have to shout! i can hear you! yuji itadori!

soul multiplicity! body repel! if only i would used a little more force, i could have stabbed through your face.

would you be satisfied if i counted each  one off my fingers with a look of regret? i will start doing that with the next one. i will grant you a simple answer  since you are such a simple guy. yuji itadori.

you are me.

quit snapping at everything. it is just a curse's nonsense, right? however, until you are willing to accept that, you cannot beat me.

nice. let us keep going. time for round two!

too close! if i pick the wrong moments  to take risks, i will die. i guess i will attack mostly with transfigured humans for a while. oh, how scary.

come on now.

are you sure your imagination is not stunted?

are you an idiot? that all depends on you. this is the most effective tool  against itadori's mental state. plus... we have one more card for insurance.

yeah, drink, drink, drink them up! drink, drink, drink them up! drink, drink, drink them up! drink away!

yay! i have plenty stocked up already, so you can do whatever you want  with the people on floor b5. okay, time to recommence  the "let us kill itadori" show!

jogo. catch me if you can!

i will take the underground. you wander around the surface. just come back when i call you. i know. you do not have to say it. i guess so.

bye-bye bye-bye!

did you see that earlier? that was crazy, right? i was just wandering around  that area not long ago, too.

well, jeez. am i famous?

i like you. you seem worth killing.

no control.

not bad. but in general, that will not work on me. judging from what she said, she must be close to that guy. i will drag this woman's corpse before yuji itadori and break his soul! time for a personality test! can you more clearly recall  the person you used to love or the person you used to hate? results after the title! next time, "right and wrong, part 2."

dwelling on the past means you are an otaku!the man who coined that  phrase was not japanese.

that is true.

everyone likes a little wordplay. after all, humans cannot live  without making up excuses.

an experiment to see just how  large i can make a single human. on that one, i tried to see  how small i could make one.

are you used to corpses, junpei?

and despite that, you want revenge.

do you believe people have hearts?

they do not. they have souls, but souls are not hearts.

i am the only person in this world who  understands the composition of souls. after all, i change the shape of other  creatures by making contact with them. all emotions are the result  of the soul's metabolism. they are far too mechanical to call hearts. people place too much value  on things they cannot see. i can see them, and souls are no more special  than physical bodies. they are just there. do you get it? there is no value or importance to life. life just continues its cycle, same as the waters of the world. that is true for both you and me. our lives are meaningless and have no value.

and that is why we can do anything we want. we are free to live our  lives however we please. you cannot let yourself get trapped  in an ideal of indifference. there is no need for consistency  in how you live your life. just as you eat when you get hungry,  you can kill someone if you hate them. i will sanction you fully.

ah, what a relief. i would be in trouble if gojou satoru were here, but it is not much of an  experiment if you are too weak.

i did block it, did not i?  with cursed energy. is it that kind of technique?

that is good. so you do not hate chatting, then.

hey, tell me. which do you think came first,  the soul or the body? come on, you know. it is like the question of whether  the chicken or the egg came first. do you think the soul resides in the body? or do you think the body  forms around the soul?

bzzt! the answer is the latter. the soul always exists before the body. the shape of the body is pulled  along by the shape of the soul. i am not healing. i am just strongly maintaining  the shape of my own soul. you understand now, do not you? my technique is to make contact  with the soul and alter its shape. idle transfiguration. i keep a stockpile of humans. it is rather difficult, though. normal people eventually die  when their shape is transfigured. but what about jujutsu sorcerers?

i will sanction you fully.

your mobility is impressive. this is so fun!

oh, sorry. i have practiced a lot, so they do not die right away  when i change their size, but their... brains? awareness? i still lack precision with that, so sometimes their souls sweat like that. do not worry about it. let us continue.

you suck at lying! your soul is trembling. so you are... what grade?

no wonder you are strong. you will make the best test subject. luck's really on my side. i am grateful. surprised my speed suddenly increased? i can alter the shape of my own soul, too. jujutsu sorcerers can protect  their bodies with cursed energy, but they are not protecting their souls. for starters, you have to  be aware of your own soul. it is not possible to protect  it if you cannot do that. but it looks like you subconsciously covered  your soul somewhat with cursed energy. if you had not, you would already  be under my control. although, once i touch you two or three  more times, you will cease to be human. i am not letting you go! was that it, grade 1 sorcerer? you did well running around,  but you are at your limit, are not you?

what? his cursed energy's increasing?wow. you can see me?i am thrilled! by my own talent! ah, i really am... i truly am... a curse! black flash! i bet you just thought this would be some pest extermination, or like defeating evil spirits in a legend, or something like that  when you came here, right?! you are naïve! you damn brat! this is war! it is not some fight to correct a mistake! it is a clash of what we believe is right! of our own flimsy ideas of justice! you are me, yuji itadori. just as i kill people  without a second thought, you save people without a second thought! it is our instincts versus the dignity  gained by human reasoning! this is a war to determine which of those  will be left standing a century from now! if you have not even realized that yet, how are you supposed to beat me? hey, yuji itadori. have you counted how  many curses you have killed? i bet not. me, neither! i really could not care less about  the number of humans i have killed. eventually, i will forget all about you, too.

what just happened? a face with a scar! plus the way he switched places just now! is he the sorcerer who  drove hanami into a corner?!

speak up! i cannot hear you! amazing! even when you know about it,  it is still this disorienting?!

are you finished talking, topknot gorilla?

he is skilled. he is parrying me while also keeping  distance from the nearly finished itadori. that is not all i have got. he dodged it? bring on the switch! this time, i will adapt! i will hit him for sure! i want to land that thing once more! i can feel myself close to reaching it! the true essence of my soul!

tsk! half-dead boy!

he can switch positions  with inanimate objects?!

soul multiplicity! body repel! topknot gorilla's soul is  still at full strength, but could i kill him with  one touch in my current state? itadori's soul is down to about 10% left. and my soul is down to 40%. having my double crushed and eating itadori's rush of  black flashes shaved away an awful lot. and that is all thanks to that woman. she was a nobody, but she  still left her damn mark behind. i will start by eliminating  this annoying switcher first!

it does not matter how  powerful your attack is, or if you throw out a black flash. your attacks do not affect my soul,  so they are pointless.

soul multiplicity! body repel!

let us kick it up a notch, itadori! this will be the last time you and i curse each other!i wonder if hanami's safe. that is mission complete.ko-guy was exorcised, huh? that means a skilled sorcerer is here.

what a shame. i wanted to fight them, too. but i cannot, huh? got a job to do.that is more like it!

are you planning to keep burning me  until you run out of cursed energy? i will start by drawing you out of there!

there is no point. what have you been watching all this time? huh? what is going on here? my soul was destroyed, too?

tsk! i cannot tell which of his attacks  will actually affect my soul. i need to make that clear first.

domain expansion: self-embodiment of perfection. and you are finished. idle transfiguration. it does not matter if i touch you  directly once you are inside my domain. you already understood that, too, right?

there is only ten days until halloween. did you think that meant i would hold back my  cursed energy and avoid using my domain? give me ten days to rest  and i will make a full recovery.

do not incorporate hopes and dreams into your strategy. i feel so bad for you that i do not  know what expression to take.

huh?

i made myself burst apart at the  same instant his technique activated. undoing my domain after that would  make him think i was dead, right? it was all calculated. it was not dangerous at all. so that was another use of a simple domain... good thing we got to see it in  action before the main event, huh?so, did you hear that the gojos'  little satoru-kun was sealed?!

ah, not interested?

oh, heavens me! how could i?  please do forgive me!you know, hanami,  you should be more honest.

i do not mean to call you a liar. i know why you are fighting. but it is the process. you should enjoy the battles,  the present, much more.

well, yeah. though... it was only recently that the joy and pleasure  i feel in battle became my motive. before i knew it, i was tricking,  deceiving, and murdering,

just as humans eat, sleep, and screw,  i think that is a curse's instinct. we may have gained reason, but that does not justify  going against our instincts. the soul is a blend of instinct and reason. no one can say anything  about an individual's ratio. but your soul's a little constrained. hanami, you are actually... much stronger, are not you?

hey, what kind of coat rack  would gojou satoru be?

no one needs it.oh, there you are! jougo! looks like most of your body's back.

lacking a body really is a problem. it makes self-preservation so inefficient.

oh, you could tell? sukuna and his vessel  are my natural enemies. i started this game because  i happened to acquire a new toy, but it just did not go so well. it was great at first, though. are you sure i should not have just  used a hostage to force him into a pact? like, "hand your body over to sukuna  if you do not want to see him killed."

maybe i should have just given that thing  a lethal wound instead of transfiguring it. then sukuna might have been able to heal  it with his reverse cursed technique.

no, not with that personality. i think he would have refused either way. jougo... touching sukuna made me realize that we should probably proceed  with getou's plan for now. sukuna is that valuable.

oh, you get it!how is jougo doing, getou?

how irresponsible. you are the one who egged him on.

speak of the devil. jougo, hanami. glad to see you are safe.

no objections here. let us be cunning about this. like curses should. like humans should.

i think we are nice and warmed up now.

getou-kun!

overhead! shoot!geto, the stock certificate.

hurry up. hey! do not break the pieces!

jeez, do we have any more?

why are not there spares? and why did you break it?

jeez.i will keep an eye on itadori yuuji... while i start by taking  care of the 7:3 sorcerer. i thought this would be a good one. but they just dodged it. and after dodging it, they started  shaving away the weaker ends. it is only good for small fry. time to stop.

even though i have made myself smaller, there is still the risk of itadori  yuuji killing me in one blow. he really is my natural enemy. i will need to make him behave for a bit.

kill the short-haired brat. i knew it. he cannot kill humans!

next, i will have him attack you, too. i wonder if he will cry then. he is a foolish brat who cannot  reconcile reality and his ideals.

did you kill them?! they know my tricks now. i am changing shape right  before the moment of impact. i do not have time to create a substitute. ah, what... what fresh inspiration this is! is this...

death? i bet i could do it now. domain expansion: self-embodiment of perfection!

right now, i am just... grateful to you.

idle transfiguration. i am grateful to you.

how was he able to get in?

domain expansion... that really burns cursed energy. it truly is a trump card. a final technique. and that damn sukuna just... but this is the critical moment! squeeze it out! the last of my cursed energy!

bye-bye!

this was fun.

so that was the king of curses,  ryoumen sukuna. he should have less total cursed energy  than jougo at this point in time, and yet... that presence... his soul's on a different level. i am certain of it. even if we are all wiped out, so long as sukuna is resurrected,  the age of curses will come. still, damn, this sucks. right now, i want nothing  more than to kill itadori yuuji! it is so frustrating! but whatever. unlike his body, i can kill his soul over and over again. how should i kill it next time?well... time for us to go to work, too.

hey, jougo-kun! you burned up hanami's  flower bed again, did not you? hanami's crying!

hanami, let us strangle jougo-kun. my boyfriend's senpai  is totally one of those.when they have cursed objects like these, why do not they destroy them?

sukuna's fingers because harm, though.

hmm... then anyone works for these?

will he work okay? he still cannot see me, even at this point. he is seriously lacking in ability. here, say "ahh."

hey. sorry to ask this right after you woke up, but could you go run a little errand for me?