reliably crazy.

what are you talking about? it is a spare. a spare mechamaru.

we do not have a choice, since your  panda broke him the other day. pitching machine?

i do not understand. you know a lot about machines. are you an otaku?

tsk.

he cannot. mechamaru cannot do anything  but pitch right now.

nice pitch!what did you write?

he does seem like he would be fast.do not call me that, fushiguro-kun. you make me sound the same as maki. call me mai.

we came here with the principal  because we were worried about you. your classmate died, right? was that rough? or did you think nothing of it?

it is okay. some things are hard to say out loud. so i will say it for you. "vessel" makes it sound nice, but it just means he was a half-curse monster. having such a tainted,  inhuman being beside you brazenly calling himself a jujutsu  sorcerer must have been revolting, right? are not you feeling better  now that he is dead?

poor fushiguro-kun. even a talented  second-grade jujutsu sorcerer is nothing more than a first-year  against the top-grade toudou-senpai. i will have to comfort him later.

i will teach you... how to speak to others.

if you want to continue as a jujutsu sorcerer,  learn to choose who you pick a fight with.

oh, my. you are such a loser,  i did not even notice you, maki.

better than having no cursed energy at all. my neck gets sore looking up  at others all the time, so i need to look down on someone  like you every so often.

no way. she will not be getting up for a while. i hurt her pretty good... what? you want to fight?

i will put holes in your body next time. also, you would not be able to wear  this with those long legs of yours—

quit joking! i am just getting started!

ugh! you are so selfish!

do not go thinking you will get off  this easy at the exchange event.

why do not you ask yourself that?

huh?

what is this?

it is just plain annoying.

that is just plain creepy. but if i reject his offer,  he will get even more annoying.

yeah, sure.

yeah.

mai.

it was more the people than the line...

fine.

she is not bad...utahime-sensei, what mechamaru did...what makes you think you are a good  enough listener to charge for it?

i will cover you. be careful not to get hit in the crossfire.what makes you think i would know?

lame.

well, we are in trouble without her.

huh? what makes you think i will answer?oh, look. it is everyone from tokyo together. you went out of your way to greet us? disgusting.

tsk.

nope.

you say to kill him, but he is here because he did not die, right?

that is your problem here?!

but we have to kill itadori yuuji, right?

i do not think he will go as far as killing him. though he probably could.

let me have maki. that brown-haired first-year, too, if possible.mechamaru, let noritoshi know  utahime-sensei's calling for him.maki?

she is just a weakling. she cannot even see curses. she is just a normal person  swinging around cursed tools. she is forever a fourth-grade. why is she even a jujutsu sorcerer at all?

okay.

just barely within effective range. i am so glad it hit.

hello? momo? do not worry, it was a rubber bullet. more importantly, that light  was ultimate cannon, right? but i cannot get in touch with mechamaru. if he was cornered enough to use such  a powerful technique, and now this, he most likely lost. panda will likely be returning. you should leave that spot and  support everyone from the air. we are all in trouble without you.

it is all right, momo. i know.

there are many ways to enjoy this, right? i could have everyone beat you together, but i would like to enjoy you... by myself.

what are you smiling about?! so what if she hides out of sight? is she an idiot, trying  to gain distance from me? tsk! from below?! i already knew. maki has a talent i do not.

no.

they are there.

huh?

you have always acted like you had no fear and plowed forward toward your future. i hated you.

liar. i hate you!

i hate you! which is why i never told you about my first love or my technique!

i win. she caught the bullet?

maki has a talent i do not. she is similar to mechamaru, with a heavenly pact that is  somewhat the opposite. normally, she would have been  born with a cursed technique. but in exchange for that, she was granted superhuman  physical abilities. the zenin clan would not acknowledge it. that talent i lacked.

why did you leave the clan?

i... never wanted to be a jujutsu sorcerer! it is your fault! because you tried so hard to be one, i was forced to put forth effort, too! i am so sick of trying so hard,  facing pain and scary things! what was so bad about being  ordered around back home?! we could have just done a few  chores and lived a normal life! why would not you stay at  the bottom with me?

onee-chan, do not let go!

never?

never leave me behind.

you liar. i hate you.

maybe i will try it next time, too.

uh-huh.