will we draw lots for the  individual battle pair-ups?

okay, that is three.

he nailed it.

rice, i think?

we are going home.he is an idiot.

but still...go home if you are not going to help!

i will be far more useful than some drunkard.

nanami-san.

did you see that?

water?! and such a vast amount of it!

shit! if the old man had not used his technique, i would have died there. i am ashamed.

shikigami?! so this is the domain's  guaranteed-hit attack? i did not notice them until they struck. no, they did not even exist until they hit.

nanami-san!

if you are going to call me weak, then kill me in a single blow, octobitch.

shit!

megumi! you really are... one hell of a cheeky underclassman!on errands.

they are not three years old. they can handle an errand run.

the first-year they were  targeting, itadori, is dead. i doubt he has any plans to do  anything about the other two. besides, the old man from kyoto  will not because a scene in broad daylight.

are you saying mai is coming?

what are you doing to our errand runner, mai?

we are both equally losers, you know. all you can do is imbue objects  with cursed energy, and you have got shit for cursed techniques.

ah, forget it. we are both at  rock bottom, and it is pathetic. nobara, can you stand?

do not worry. the others are with him.

cut it out, idiot. winning or losing here hardly matters. we will beat them up at the exchange event.

it is true. so i cannot even see curses  without these glasses. that is why i use cursed tools. they already have curses imbued in them. i cannot pour my own cursed energy  into them to do things like you all do.

to spite them. i cannot wait to see the looks on my family's faces when i become a bigshot sorcerer, after all the years they have  spent looking down on me. come on, let us hurry over to see shouko-san.

that so?dog, i think?

just leave him be.at the time we agreed upon, we will split up into the megumi squad  and the panda squad for scouting. we will be counting on you after that, yuuji.

scatter!

we were right to swap yuuji into that role.

toudou will absolutely be  out to crush us straight away. mai might follow behind him  to come after me, too. toudou's a monster. the worst possible outcome would be  that we all face him and get wiped out. so our plan was to leave just one person, either panda or megumi, behind to occupy him, but... itadori, we will leave that role to you. we would rather not lose anyone  who can scout out our enemies. you do not have to beat him. just hold out as long as  possible and buy us time.

you mean that is where the target is?

it is possible.

we are turning back, megumi.

what are you apologizing for, dummy? there is no point in winning or losing  the exchange event if your friend dies.

was that toudou?

i think i understand why you  failed to finish off yuuji. so why did you distance  yourself from noritoshi? are you keeping your technique  a secret from your allies, too?

why?

are you okay? are you getting along well enough with mai? are not you too nice a person?

i will not hold back, you know.

someone who is stronger  than me, at the very least.a person? a sorcerer?

he is fast! he was just in mid-air! that is not all, either! what is with his strength?!

i did not feel any cursed energy from him! did i just lose a contest of pure strength?! me, of all people?!

old man, who is that?

the domain! he seriously exorcised  that octopus all by himself!

megumi!

nana—

next time, "thunderclap."then our job is to help with that, right?these are great.i have something even better. this one feels disgusting to use, though.

megumi, make absolutely  sure you do not lose that.

if you sold it, you would get  at least five billion for it.

special-grade cursed tool: playful cloud!

it is handy once you get used— megumi!

it is destroyed?! no, megumi released the technique!

megumi, stop! our job is done. it is time to tag out.no wonder our conversations  have been a bit off lately.

that was prior to freeing rika. apparently, it was an overwhelming win. i did not see it, though, since it was held in kyoto.

hey. they are here.

as if that idiot would ever show up on time.

it is fine. toge's is not that kind of technique, anyway. more importantly, yuuji... give me back slaughter demon. you borrowed it from satoru, right?

it is not coming back!

tsk, that blindfolded dumbass!

so, what is the plan? the group battle format  is what we expected, but we have another member now. do we change strategies?  there is not much time.

megumi's saying that after fighting toudou? that makes it convincing. interesting.

do not say stuff like that.

do not say stuff like that.

what are you doing taking the lead?they hit ijichi-san?

nobara, go with akari-san to ijichi-san. we cannot use our cell phones in here, so we will not get anywhere  without the assistant supervisors. i doubt that idiot would ever lose, but this whole situation  is smelling even fishier. i will take care of things here for now. that old man is slacking off too much.

ignore him. now go.

once they are outside the veil, they will be able to run if the worst happens.shut up! i lost my edge after all that bed rest!

yeah. they took out three special-grades, right?

then... we cannot fall behind, either.

it would not be good training  if i was not serious.these meatballs are great. who made them?

i do not think that is right.what is this? you are looking more glum than usual, megumi. this a wake or something?

do not call me by my last name!

i am talking here.

what are you talking about?

you should have told me sooner! now i look like some heartless,  cold-blooded demon!

there is more to kindness  than being soft on them.

and those stupid third-years  are suspended right now. so you need to participate.

yeah, it is a jujutsu battle  where anything but killing goes.

sometimes we are busy all year long, but things should be settling down soon.

so, you will do it, right? you just had a partner  die on you, after all.

you stink.

you stink.

because you are a panda.

you smell like an animal. i keep telling you to take  a bath, and you never do.

so that is what happened. you guys try taking a whiff.iaijutsu, huh? looks like she has some trick, too. but there is a difference in our reach. rather than hit me, she likely wants to knock  away my cursed tool and create an opening. in which case...

nice sword you have got here.

what, not going to call your friends? i do not mind going two-on-one.

call me "onee-chan," little sister.

i can hear you. jeez. i should not let myself get distracted.

mai. what is the matter? hurry up.

what is it? we will get in trouble if we are late again.

again? all right, fine.

come on. close your eyes.

if you cannot see them,  it is the same as if they are not there.

you have plenty of servants, right? do not worry, though. i will come  back someday, clan leader.

because i am going to be  the head of the zenin clan!

do as you please.

she has nothing to do with this.

you fired six shots! i will not let you reload!

i should not touch that with my bare hands.

i think we can call this settled?

huh? do i have to spell it out? you joined jujutsu tech  yourself, did not you?

because i would have  hated myself if i did that. that is the only reason. sorry.

i will not let go.

jeez, give it a rest.

of course i will not. we are sisters.