can you hear me, yuji itadori?

there is no time. listen and understand the first time. satoru gojo has been sealed.can you hear me, yuji itadori? listen and— wait, wait, wait! i am your ally, you idiot! it is me, mechamaru from the kyoto school! there is no time. listen and understand the first time. satoru gojo has been sealed.

sorry, but i have nothing. if i must provide something, it is the very fact that i am here. i was killed on october 19th by the special-grade  cursed spirit called mahito. what is here is now is no more than the  insurance i left when i was still alive. advanced insurance, yes. so i had no choice but to set its condition for activating to  "after satoru gojo has been sealed." to decrease the risk of it not going off, i only managed to sneak these puppets  into three locations ahead of time. yuji itadori was the jujutsu high sorcerer least likely to be leaking any information. and mei mei, given the situation,  i am now certain you are in the clear, too.

because someone as skilled  at intelligence gathering as you was dispatched here to meiji shrine station  instead of acting in the shadows at shibuya. itadori was not even a part of jujutsu  society until several months ago, either.

then why... is a curse user currently heading  your way to eliminate you?

do not. the situation in shibuya has already changed. their barrier techniques are  several degrees better than ours.

there are currently four  veils lowered over shibuya, a: the veil trapping common people inside, b: the veil trapping satoru gojo inside, c: the veil keeping sorcerers from entering, and d: another veil like a to keep  common people trapped inside.

that is right. the sorcerers on standby are  already inside the veil, right? and you cannot use cell phones inside the veil.

please, just follow my directions. this insurance of mine will not last long. please.

itadori, return to meiji shrine station,  and head to shibuya from the surface. tell all the sorcerers there  about gojo being sealed. get them to share our  goal of recovering gojo.

mei mei, create an opportunity  for itadori to escape. after defeating the curse users, i would like you to follow  this track, for starters. but i do not know what moves  the enemy will make.

huh? if satoru gojo disappears, both jujutsu  and human society will be upended. i am sorry, but please stake your life on this. and i even thought that  would be worth it once... i was the worst.

follow whichever one you prefer.

itadori, good news!

they cannot move gojo from  where he was sealed on floor b5.

because he is satoru gojo.

let us encircle them. we will have sorcerers follow the subway lines into shibuya station from  each neighboring station.

then, once the veil keeping sorcerers  out is lifted, we charge in.

what?!

to be more precise, the thing  that is living within suguru geto. the inside of shibuya station  is currently a real pandemonium. it is full of those special-grades,  the cursed spirits they brought with them, the curse users tied to geto, as well as transfigured humans  and normal people.

it is an emergency. please multi-task.sorry, miwa. i am going to sleep for a bit. please take the notebook from my desk.matters should be settled already. there is no point in going to shibuya now. head back, miwa.

i reasoned there is a 99% chance  that todo will not die in shibuya. same for nitta if he accompanied todo. his technique would be useful, too—

the situation is not even  on that scale anymore. it was not just you. it was mai, kamo, nishimiya,  and utahime, too. i took steps to make sure you all were  on a mission south of kyoto on the 31st.

no. i am the one who was weak. i went about it the wrong way  because i was weak, and i could not even see that mistake  through because i was weak. there was this girl i loved. and i did not care what  happened to the world as long as i could be at  her side and protect her. even if that girl did not want me to be the one to protect her. time's up, miwa.

goodbye. thank you—

miwa.

miwa!looks like he is retreating.

at once.never mind okkotsu being absent. is not having two first-years a major handicap?

then we will need someone to  keep an eye on toudou and deliver the final blow to itadori yuuji.

that is true.it is a cursed corpse. it will not die. though it will not be able to move for a while. now, who were you calling a pepper-kun?

damn puppet... what do you know?!

sword option: boost on! ultra spin! cannot you keep still?

i do not think my rating against  cursed spirits is needed right now, but i will tell you. semi-first-grade.

ultra cannon!

this output is pointless if  i do not hit its core dead-on.

i cannot follow his movements!

you will not be doing either. heavenly pact. have you heard of it? it is not like a pact normally  forged with oneself. it is a pact forced upon the body  from the moment it is born. i was born without a right arm  or anything below my knees, and i had no sensation from the waist down. my skin is so fragile that even moonlight burns it, and it constantly feels like needles  are stabbing every pore of my body. but in exchange, i have been granted the ability to use cursed techniques over vast distances, as well as immense cursed energy production. i did not ask for any of this power. if i could trade my cursed techniques  to have a normal body, i would gladly do so. so when i see a cursed corpse like you walking around in broad daylight  without a care instead of me, i just cannot stand it! ultimate mechamaru, mode: albatross!

ultimate cannon! it is dead? no, the very concept of death does not apply to you.

it is still alive after taking a hit  from ultimate cannon?!

what is that form?

sword option: ultra shield!

he does not pack as much power as toudou. but that palm strike just now went all the way to my internals. even if i guard, i will still take damage.

if i take that drumming beat  to my head or chest, i will not be able to move mechamaru anymore. my right arm, sword option, is no longer functioning. i cannot fire ultimate cannon anymore, either.

this time, i will not miss! its core is where its  cursed energy is densest! right here! you did well, for a puppet.

what?

i am not like that.

one day... together with everyone...

i wonder if you will still say you will  help me after seeing what i look like.

shut up, you damn puppet.

why do you all always go through me?

wait... why? well, i guess it is good  that they can rely on me.hey! hey! what is the situation?

conserving energy. there is still a lot i need to do. choso! blood manipulation, huh?

he is using the same  cursed technique as kamo.

i do not know its weakness.

blood manipulation is treasured as one of  the kamo clan's hereditary techniques. the reason for that is "convergence,"  which compresses blood with high pressure, plus "piercing blood" and "blood blade,"  which are derived from that, giving it a well-balanced response  in close, mid, and long range. since choso will not bleed out,  he has no openings.

i do not know its weakness,  but i do have an idea.

first, flee into the restroom.

i will explain later. there is maybe a 10% chance this works. sorry, but if this fails,  brace yourself for death.

at this rate, you will just get worn  down until you are killed anyway.

what is wrong? not coming? you are a coward, huh? just like your brothers.

you really are just like them. all three of you care  so much for each other. it makes you easy to manipulate. it is all gone well so far. now it is up to chance, yuji itadori!