rumors do tend to spread rather  quickly around haunted spots. they can spread at an unbelievable  pace nowadays, thanks to the internet. this all just means even more  work for us jujutsu sorcerers.

hq sent us to investigate because  they reached the same conclusion.

they are even paying my fees,  which are not cheap.

you make it sound so bad. call it negotiation.

let us go, then.

there is no need for a veil.

i do not sense the presence of any curses. the because is almost certainly  inside the building. you can cast the veil later if we  end up attacking it from outside.

it is here. and it is all around us, too. let us get going. i do not need that, but you do, right?

for now, let us have a  look inside the building. i will take this floor, you take the second.

is there a problem with that?

off you go, then.

you could be the next big scream queen.

you got startled all on your own.

this is the first floor.

i was walking down  the first floor hallway.

a box of candy. a bag of potato chips. cans. a backpack. a sweatshirt. i have already seen this three times. and see these marks? i made  them on my way through here. it would seem that we are already  in the belly of the beast.

we have been moving for thirty minutes, so about four kilometers so far.

it is not. those are manifestations  of the spirit's mindscape. which means...

correct. most likely, the victims  were trapped inside this and then killed by the cursed spirit. though, considering the  use of this technique, the cursed spirit itself should be weak. so if we can just escape this barrier... now, quiz time. how would you break this, utahime?

i am surprised you could touch them.

i see.

close. ninety points.

when we run, we do so in opposite  directions at the same time.

one hundred points.

how much do you have in savings?

never mind. i will think about it.

if i was crying, would you console me?

i would certainly appreciate that.

that so?

you are the one fanning the flames  like it comes naturally, geto-kun.

seems like it was.

no. just realized that means  it was actually two days' labor, and that means extra fees paid out to me.

that aside, what about the veil, you three?what an interesting girl. you should promote her  to second-grade already.

i just cannot understand such  restraints, aside from money.

animals are fickle. sharing my senses with them is tiring, too.

which side? i am on money's side. there is no value to anything  that cannot be traded for money. you cannot make money out of it, after all.