so cramped. i get it now. step 1, restrain me in a coffin. step 2, bury me under a gravestone. step 3, start a three count. and that is as far as this domain's  guaranteed-hit effect applies. it is a special-grade disease curse. if i do not break out of the coffin  before the count is up, i will contract that disease and die. the real issue is that gravestone. if i eat that attack twice more,  i will no longer be able to move, as well. i would not want to fight  geto-kun in that state. ui ui, are you all right?

it is probably reflexively  targeting the person with the strongest cursed energy in its domain. only two crows were sucked  into the domain with me. i was right. so in order to take it down, i will have to shift its target to ui ui so he can buy me time to operate freely. but ui ui will die after taking  one hit from that gravestone. ui ui... will you die for me?

did you think i only brought  that boy to carry my things?

ui ui's role is dealing with domains. it goes against my principles  to owe anyone anything. so i leave that aspect up to him. what do you think is the greatest way  to instantly boost a sorcerer's base power?

okay, everyone, it is the main event. will you die for me?

do not you think sibling relationships tend  to show through in a person's character?

next time, "fluctuations, part 2."we are talking about satoru gojo here. what proof do you have  for me to believe you?

why?

hey, that might have been so i would have  an excuse to refuse aiding them. besides, i am the one who has  kept stopping itadori-kun from heading straight  to shibuya all this time. even if we were ordered to be on standby.

one, two... two, huh? itadori-kun, which is stronger, these two  or the cursed spirit you fought earlier?

apparently, the cursed spirit itadori-kun  fought was able to speak human language, so it was semi-first-grade or higher, at least... and things like that are  crawling out of the woodwork? i wonder where they have been hiding  and what they have been up to until now. let us ignore the curse users  and move onward. we need to confirm gojo-kun's status first.

and you are saying the area further  down these tracks is blocked by c.

looks like that is not all, either. i cannot get a hold of the assistant supervisors  who are supposed to be outside the veils.

all right, tell us.

so adapt and respond. by the way, they have not frozen  your bank account yet, have they?

everyone, they are here.

go ahead and do as you please. i will match you.

well...maki zen'in, panda...

and on my name as mei mei...

what that means?  that is everything, mr. todo.

no...

no, i mean... the sorcerers who recommended him  cannot be assigned to accompany him. since we are the two that  recommended itadori-kun, someone else will have to accompany him. thanks for today. i will be leaving now, mr. todo.yeah. that is why we are heading to shibuya now.

you should not treat him  like some ordinary guy.

ah, ui ui! you truly are adorable!

you really do get it. i love that part of you.

hello, mei mei here. oh? itadori-kun, change in destination.

another veil like the one over shibuya  was lowered over meiji shrine station. we are heading to that one. we are running. keep up.

between them? not on the platform they are centered around?

that is fine. say it.

i do not mind if you talk.

yeah. i have got the gist of it. itadori-kun, which would you prefer?  killing lots of weak, transfigured humans,

knowing you, it is probably the latter. this is a map of the underground station. the transfigured humans are mulling about and attacking normal people here, on level before. the majority of the normal people are  probably at the train platform on level b5.

the crows i used are imbued  with cursed energy, so they could not enter b5. i am guessing they are forcing normal people  to flee to b5, and serving them up. also, my crows got hunted  down here, between b1 and b2. this is likely where the cursed spirit  or curse user who lowered the veil is. maybe they are planning to hunt down  any common people that come back up, or maybe it has something to do  with the veils' conditions, but it is unclear why they have chosen this positioning, and what they hope  to achieve by isolating level b5.

maybe? my crows all got killed before they  could confirm seeing patchface. though the presence of transfigured  humans would suggest that is likely. i am not so sure about dividing up our forces, but if we keep wasting time, all the  common people on before will be wiped out. the two of us will take exit 7 directly  to before and rescue the civilians. if it gets too dangerous,  you head down there, as well. though, if i can be greedy,  i hope that by the time we reunite, the veil will be lifted,  the civilians will be freed, and we will know what our  opponent on b5 is after.

yes. the veil is lifted. let us wait for itadori-kun  and then descend to b5.

impressive, itadori-kun.

to be honest, i thought you  would struggle a bit more. you are practically a first-grade already. i have not seen anyone get this far  without a technique since kusakabe.

guess we are too late.you know my technique, right? manipulating crows. that is it.

weak, right? that is why i trained myself so  desperately when i was young. that way, i could fight without my technique. it was not a waste, either. being able to overwhelm you  like this proves that to me.

so i used to convince myself that a sorcerer's true value  was not their technique. but you know, i hit my limit. i could not keep improving  my physical abilities and the ability to enhance them  with cursed energy forever. i was crushed. i had lost heart, so i decided to confront  my own technique once more, and that is when i came into full  bloom as a grade 1 sorcerer.

now i will kill you.

i just wanted to kill time  chatting, anyway.

ui ui, tell me the value of a life. how would you measure the weight of a life?

thank you. and you?

you cannot immediately describe the scale you  use to measure the lives you hunt down. that is why you lost. coincidentally, i measure  lives by their potential assets.

looks like the veil has lifted. the thought of how much i will get for  making satoru gojo owe me a favor is making me excited.

well, now. you, huh?

quite the thing to say after sending  an assassin after me, geto-kun. how is he alive? did gojo-kun screw up last year? were gojo-kun and geto-kun in on  this whole commotion together? no, definitely not. gojo-kun could kill every person  in this country all on his own. there would be no need and no point in setting up these tricks or  getting anyone else involved. i actually held you in higher regard  than gojo-kun, you know. your nihilistic smile was quite charming. it is a bitter shame that  i will have to kill you now. it really is quite a shame. this geto-kun is most likely a fake.

curse manipulation?! did i read this wrong?

domain expansion?! this is a little troublesome. i have been trapped? in a coffin, i suppose?

how many years has it been... since something threatened my life?