hello! useless miwa here! even though i call myself useless, i do not think i am actually that bad. but while everyone was risking their lives

i was fast asleep, and now i feel ashamed. also, who broke my sword? was it mai's older sister? between all that, we thought  the exchange event was canceled, but after taking a day off, we are now...

...playing baseball.

todo-senpai's surprisingly reliable.mechamaru! oh, there you are. today's the last day  to turn in your notebook. mechamaru?

sleep? it is still only evening. jeez!

he really did go to sleep. i wonder where the real  mechamaru actually is.

i decided i would never tell anyone about  the things i truly want to keep secret after i wrote what type of  boy i like in my profile book back in grade school  and had everyone find out! next time, "evening festival"!

mittermeyer.hey. your conduct is problematic. i will be reporting you to  the relevant authorities. oh, man! it is gojou satoru in person!  gojou satoru in person!

he spoke! he spoke to me!

so cool!

two hours?!

yes, sir. excuse me. if i can catch up to him, i will get  him to take a picture with me!

thank you so much!

i got a photo!

ah!why only todo-senpai and nitta-kun?

and me?! am i useless?

why did not you say anything to us? why did not you ask us for help? are not we friends? is it because... i am weak?

no!

do not say goodbye!

mechamaru!

mechamaru...cannot we all get along?

new shadow style, simple domain: quick draw! what reflexes! i know i hesitated, but still,  my counter did not even scratch him!

thank goodness!

it was.

i am sorry about itadori-kun. i know this is an excuse,  but i am not like the others. still, that does not mean i plan to hand  over victory in this exchange event.

you know that sorcerers advance in rank  through a recommendation system, right? the exchange event is often discussed among  sorcerers without connections up the chain. students who perform well here are granted many chances to  advance while they are studying.

i want to become independent as quickly as possible so i can earn money.

i am poor! and i have two little brothers!

huh? probably...

not a problem! that is not what i said all that for, anyway!

well, you know, i like  hot guys, like most girls, but i want someone fun to be around, too, and it is important whether or not he can  make you feel like he is the only one for you. oh, gosh, how embarrassing!hey, mechamaru? is it okay if i pay you  a visit sometime soon? since the exchange event... since the baseball game, i feel like  we have all become closer to each other. maybe it is because we all  work as jujutsu sorcerers, but i feel like there was always distance  between us, even if we all got along. i suppose that is because being too close would  make it even more painful when we died. but i love the relationship we all have now. and you could not quite participate  in the baseball game, remember? so you had a pitching  machine fill in for you. but i want to be even closer  to you, mechamaru. so, one day, i will come see you.now, now... please calm down, you two.

gojou satoru!

i do not want to...

what do we do now? i do not think we will be able to carry  out the plan with him like that. the principal's gone off somewhere, too. i do not want to be killed by that guy.

we are seriously doing this?

i do not like this. we will have cursed spirits to deal with, too,  so we will be in two-man cells anyway. that works out for us.mechamaru, it is just obligatory,  but i got you these instead of chocolates. i heard you liked aa evoltas.

huh? but mai said—

no way! this woman... is incredibly strong!

mechamaru! perfect timing. this is for toudou-senpai and kamo-senpai.

i am honestly still scared of them...

mechamaru! we are counting on you!my sword was taken away from me. mai's older sister ran off somewhere. that woman was fast, too. well, i am not much of an asset without  my sword, so that was the right call. i wonder if tapioca's as good as they say. it is mechamaru. hello, useless miwa here.i see. that is a relief. stupid mai! this woman is incredibly strong! she is using a longer weapon,  so i would like to close the distance, but it is all i can do  to dodge and parry her! if she were using the blade, i would have died twice! she is only fourth-grade?! she could easily defeat  second-grade cursed spirits! and how is she able to swing such a long sword  in this forest with so much stuff in the way?!

she broke it?! she is throwing away her  reach advantage now?! she threw it?! a hidden weapon?! her intuition's sharp! she is trying to close the gap with a decoy! my legs moved! but that is fine. i will pull back and  draw her in just close enough, then— aikidou?! what a clever woman! huh?

sword-stealing? give it back?

i am hungry. if i recall, the edamame i had left over  from lunch was in the fridge...

please look at least a little guilty!

no, i am not interested  in late-night cup ramen.

i-it is good! this is really good!

you could have just eaten  this if it is so good.