wait, we are not getting cover from mai-chan. they might still have  more allies over there.right? and this whole "todo-kun would not die" crap? is he saying that we would die, then? i will murder whoever  makes my cute junior cry.yeah, continue straight that way. toudou-kun's there, though.

this is why i said to leave him be. we are off to a rocky start. we cannot start hunting down cursed spirits  without me scouting from the air, either. they are all such a hassle. hang in there, me. you are as cute as ever today.

oh, no.

ow... so that is fushiguro-kun's nue, huh? electrified wings. looks like they will affect  my movement for a while.

so crass! not cute at all.

do you know who sebastian stan is? he has a great body.so heavy... i cannot believe these two  were beaten this badly. we are counting on you, toudou-kun. your strength is the one thing  you have got going for you.who is that first-year? she is scary.

does it even matter? he is going to go straight  for the tokyo team, anyway. if he is just going to go berserk, we can focus on the game.

hold on. what happens if inumaki-kun  is with itadori-kun? having all of us in one place is a risky  move with that cursed speech user. worst case, he could  wipe us all out at once.this girl has good intuition. no, that was probably panda-chan. huh? what do you mean?

what?

hold on, mechamaru. i will beat this first-year into cute shape. i will show her how mai-chan's suffered and teach her all about what it means  for a woman to live as a jujutsu sorcerer.

mechamaru, give this to toudou-kun.

time for our missions!i have come down a few times already. hurry up and try to catch me, first-year!

a scar on the face is a  badge of honor for a man. though it is only a flaw on a woman.

you think being a jujutsu sorcerer  is all about strength, do not you?

that is only for men.

even if they are strong, women have to  be cute, or they will be undervalued. of course, even if they are cute, they will still  be undervalued if they are not also strong. do you get it? they do not demand strength  from female jujutsu sorcerers. they demand perfection! and on top of that, mai-chan is also fighting against  even more outrageous demands.

she is only a first-year, and she is  already used to fighting? she is still going strong,  no matter how often i blast her.

if i up my output any further,  i might kill her.

conversely, if you do not know whether or not  it is coming, you are constantly distracted. i am not used to protecting the inside  of my head in the first place... he is such a nuisance whether he is here or not!

perfection is easy compared  to what is demanded of mai-chan! she is from the zenin clan, one of the three major clans of elite jujutsu sorcerers. perfection is expected  as a matter of course there. "inherit the zenin clan's  hereditary technique." any who do not meet that demand start their sorcerer lives as failures. among those, women are not even  allowed to stand at the starting line. without the zenin clan lineage,  they are not considered jujutsu sorcerers. and if they are not jujutsu sorcerers,  they are not considered people. she is lived her entire life with such scorn  in a family without a shred of affection. can you imagine how much  mai-chan and others suffered

why do not you try thinking that  over with that brain of yours that confuses curses for friends?

this is why she kept shooting those  nails that did not land any hits?! tsk! you might have brought me down,  but you still will not reach me!

my broom's bristle? she grazed it just now?

i cannot control my broom!

a squeaky hammer?!

yeah. mai-chan, i...

yeah.

sorry.

here, have this and forgive me.

how about this?!

right?

well, you still pay for late-night  cup ramen the next day.