they have arrived?

you are late. i thought you forgot about me.

"we will not lay a hand on the people  from the kyoto school." you are the ones who broke our pact first.

i have no intention of  arguing with cursed spirits. hurry up and fix me, scumbag.

i will do that after i am finished here.

tsk. they lowered a veil. must be geto. it is not just attempting to trap me inside. it is cutting off signal, too. this will not be as easy as  it was for satoru gojo. that is right. my victory  condition is satoru gojo. i have to use any means necessary  to get in contact with satoru gojo, and tell him about the shibuya plot. then i will have him protect me. but even if i want to focus on geto,  the one who lowered this veil, mahito, is too dangerous to ignore. i will have to exorcise him first.

i am still at a disadvantage. but i have a chance to win. i have seen it all. i have all the time i was bound. all the  cursed energy i gained from that time. i will not hold anything back.

charge, one year! burn him, mechamaru! ultra cannon!please find happiness. whatever shape it takes, as long as you are happy, my wish has come true.that is right. my victory  condition is satoru gojo. i have to use any means necessary  to get in contact with satoru gojo, and tell him about the shibuya plot. then i will have him protect me. but even if i want to focus on geto,  the one who lowered this veil, mahito, is too dangerous to ignore. i will have to exorcise him first.

charge, one year! burn him, mechamaru! ultra cannon!

mechamaru's attacks will not be able to damage mahito's soul. now he should be certain of that, as well. charge, two years! miracle cannon! you will not break off your attack. you are not paying my attacks any heed now. that is when i shoot you with this! what power! if i take too long, he will break all my armor.

i have four chances! i will end this quickly! fire, mechamaru!

tsk! another bird? no imagination! the left arm i blew away has regenerated? no, he is just tweaking the shape of his soul  to make it look like it regenerated. the fact that he is showing  it off is proof of that. it is all right. i will...

charge, five years! pigeon viola!

i can do this!

i can win! i will be able to see everyone!

that cursed technique is sealed in these. though that was the only way  i was able to manage this technique.

i have two left in stock. this was devised in the heian era, an era full of fierce cursed spirits and  curse users when jujutsu was at its height, by sadatsuna ashiya to protect his disciples.

it was passed down in his school, and a pact forbade his students from intentionally conveying  that technique to others. it is a means for them to protect  themselves from others' domains, a domain for the weak...

new shadow style: simple domain! i have seen it all.

no more spectating from the sidelines, geto! what a happy miscalculation! i still have one simple domain and  nine years of cursed energy left. i can fight geto! i can win! i will be able to see everyone! i failed to finish him off?! come out! mechamaru! i still have one domain left. i will ram it directly into him! here we go, mechamaru!