unfortunately...

i am going into overtime now.

my cursed technique draws  a line along the target and, using a ratio of 7:3,  creates a weak point at that location. i can create this line along more than  just their full height or wingspan. i can designate it along various parts, such  as the head, upper arm, forearm, and so on. this cursed technique can affect more  than just living creatures, as well.

at present, the first way i can  see to exorcise this cursed spirit

is to continue damaging him until  he runs out of cursed energy. however, that is not very realistic for me. the second way is to reduce him  to smithereens with a single blow.

i am retreating for now. you should get that leg healed quickly. if we both manage to survive, let us meet again.

i just sent you my location data.  please come and pick me up. i am going back to jujutsu tech to  receive treatment from ieiri-san.

do not worry. it is not an injury that will kill me.

he is not with you?

that cursed spirit is a child. it probably has not been very  long since he sprang into being. he is greedily enjoying his own growth. the special-grade cursed spirits that gojou-san  fought had mastered domain expansion. if he managed to survive, it will not be much  longer before he reaches that stage, too. on top of that, his victim count  far exceeded our expectations.

we need to exorcise him as soon as possible, before it is too late.

you cannot. as you already know, this patchwork  cursed spirit uses transfigured people. there are some people who are beyond saving. if you continue this work, there will a come a time when you are  forced to kill a person yourself. but this is not that time.

please understand this. being a child is not a sin. i would like to ask you to continue  monitoring yoshino junpei.you cannot. i already explained why this morning. if a veil has been cast, there is a strong likelihood he is both  alive and at satozakura high school. i will be back soon. please wait there, itadori-kun. it is probably pointless to ask him that. you heard why, so i will leave  the rest of this to you, ino-kun.

is there a problem with that?

i would not mind taking on the recommendation  to make you a grade 1 jujutsu sorcerer.

i will lecture you later. tell me the situation.

it is always others first? explain your physical state first.

that is not fine.

itadori-kun, why is his nose bleeding?

when?

did his hand touch you?

my attacks will not work on him.

i will explain while i am lecturing you. one, his technique does not  work on itadori-kun, or two, there is some reason  he will not kill itadori-kun. either way, that is good for us. however, i can halt his movements. once we have both created an opening,  we will shower him with blows. we will make sure to exorcise him here.he is flippant. egotistical.me, too. geto-san is involved, though,  even if he is a fake. i imagine the trick lies there.

maki-san, you should do what he says in this regard.

have you been drinking?

i guess there is never been a case  where i was better off alone.

yes. i will take this one.

no. it must be his technique.

no damage. or rather, it feels more  like he has endless hp.

maki-san! the shikigami are not  heading straight for us! they will be gouging out our  flesh in the next instant! do not think about it! the moment you feel contact,  cut them down one after another! that is the best you can manage  with your scant cursed en—

the other two?

i will protect you. please focus on your domain.

if this state keeps up, we have a chance. if it keeps up.

none of this leaving yourself  behind alone, all right?

you two! gather 'round!

he figured it out?! but it is too late! to fushiguro-kun's feet!that is why we have stopped  standing by and started to act. there was not much else we could do. our response is falling too far behind. but my biggest concern is...

either something has happened inside or they needed to wait for this  moment as part of their strategy. all i can say for certain is that these are not the types  to face us without a plan. i will focus on the enemies  who lowered the veils. you two, please rescue all  the common people you can.

you two, change of plans. we meet up with itadori-kun at once. if it is true that he is been sealed, then it is over. for every human in this country.

geto-san did?

in that case, it would be  faster to attack through the subway from the neighboring stations. but in order to do that,  we need to lift that veil first.

i guess this is not the time for complaining. there are several requests only  a first-grade can fulfill. i will step outside and take care  of all those with ijichi-kun. during that time, i want  you three to do something about the veil keeping sorcerers out. ino-kun. kusakabe-san and zen'in's special first-grade sorcerer should be inside this veil, as well. if you are able to meet up with them, please tell them about the situation  and request their help. i think they already understand the situation,  though, thanks to that shouting.

also, please take care of these two.can you see it? this is the residual taint of cursed energy.

that is because you are not trying to see it. we typically see curses as  if it is perfectly natural to. when a cursed technique is used, it leaves traces behind. that is what residuals are. but residuals are much  fainter than cursed spirits. so focus your vision and look closely.

of course you can. a proper sorcerer can sense them  before seeing them.

i do not praise or disparage anyone. i adhere to facts and judge on that basis. that is who i am. there was a time when i mistakenly  believed society operated the same way, but enough about that.

no, where moderate effort  will suffice, use moderate effort. let us go.

please do not call me that.

i am sure no one would want to  hear you saying that about them.

we should greet each other first. nice to meet you, itadori-kun.

i studied at jujutsu tech,  and one thing i learned... is that jujutsu sorcerers are shit!

then i worked at your typical company,  and one thing i learned is that work is shit!

if both are equally shit,  i will take the one i am more suited to. that is the only reason i came back.

itadori-kun, please do not believe  i am of the same mindset as gojou-san. i do trust and have faith in him, but i do not respect him!

i hate the way the higher-ups do things, but i believe in rules and regulations. this conversation is dragging on. in short, i do not recognize  you as a sorcerer, either. even if you do carry the  bomb we know as sukuna, please make an effort to  prove that you are useful.

say that to the higher-ups, not me.

frankly, i do not care!

right. there was only one young  man aside from the victims.

well, most likely. there is a small chance the  young man could have done it, but identifying him is the police's—

stop. i will take care of this one. you handle the one over there.

if you decide you cannot beat it, please call me.

it is not a matter of underestimating you or not. i am an adult, and you are a child. i have a duty to prioritize  your life over my own.

you have faced several life-or-death situations. but that does not make you an adult. finding more fallen-out hairs on your pillow, watching your favorite stuffed bread  disappear from the convenience store... the accumulation of those little despairs is what makes a person an adult.

my cursed technique allows me to forcibly  create a weak point on any opponent. seven to three. striking the point at that ratio when you draw a line along the target's length causes a critical hit. that allows me to deal a fair amount of  damage to those ranked higher than me, and if their cursed energy is weak,  i can cut them in two, even with a blunt blade. are you listening, itadori-kun?

it is no problem to reveal that  technique to that opponent. also, all the better if  revealing it misleads them.

there is merit to it. "revealing one's hand" is a pact that increases  the effectiveness of one's technique. like so. that is all from me.

itadori-kun, behind you.

i do not like you looking away.

his raw strength is superhuman? the initial blow has little cursed energy, but it reaches 120% of  an average sorcerer's power. then the real blow of cursed energy flows in. it must be unimaginably unpleasant  for those struck by it. he has room to grow, too. if he can learn to imbue 100% of his  cursed energy into 100% of his martial arts... now i see why that man brought him to me.

oh, pardon me. i will end you now. itadori-kun! do not finish it off yet! have a look a this. i took a photo of my opponent.

please listen calmly. what we have been fighting...

if that was all, i would  have noticed at the start. the two we fought were full of  cursed energy, like cursed spirits.

this boy can get sincerely  angry on another's behalf. those residuals were a bluff,  likely meant to lure us in. our foe is quite skilled. it looks like this will take  more than moderate effort. so let us go all-out.

i have organized the reports from our windows

on recent residuals, unnatural deaths,  and disappearances. this should help us narrow down  the culprit's hideout to some extent.

no, it is still only to some extent. while i continue investigating this matter,  i would like you to handle a different task. this is the boy who was at  the theater, yoshino junpei. apparently, he goes to the same  high school as the victims. based on the surveillance footage  and how he carried himself, i believed it was unlikely  he could be a curse user. however, if he is related to the  victims, that changes things.

an evil jujutsu sorcerer. i have entrusted the process to ijichi-kun, so i would  like you two to investigate yoshino junpei.

of course. if the culprit had wanted, he could have  left the scene without leaving any residuals. we are being lured in once again. weighing the risk of storming in alone  against the risk of taking itadori-kun with me, i simply chose the former. he is still a child, after all.

itadori-kun... i am not a teacher, so please  do not call me "sensei."

i will slap you.

no, thank you.

oh, how awful.clearly this is not a mission  fit for a first-year.

if a typhoon rolls in and shuts down the  airports, our efforts will be for naught.are you ready to witness it, itadori-kun?

malaysia... yeah... malaysia... kuantan would be nice. i will build a home on a secluded beach. i already have a mountain of books  that i have bought and never touched. i will read through them page by page, like i am taking back all the time i have lost. no. right now, i am going to save fushiguro-kun... and maki-san? what about naobito-san? what happened to those two? i am tired. exhausted, even. yeah, i am exhausted. i have already done enough. you are here?

you are here?

haibara, what was i even hoping  to accomplish in the end? i ran. i ran away, and yet i came back over  some vague reason like a job worth doing. i cannot. that is wrong. i cannot, haibara. i cannot say that. it will just become a curse upon him.

i should not. i sh— itadori-kun. you take it from here.

you take it from here.

you are...if you plan to come out,  please hurry up and do so. they may be disfigured and beyond saving, but murdering people makes me sick.

i hate overtime, so let us just... finish this quickly.

they are similar. that picture-perfect frivolity, and the sinister strength behind it.

what do you mean, "that kind"? i hate abstract questions that  leave interpretation up to others.

it depends on the person. this cursed spirit is capable  of conversing quite well, just like the two unregistered  special-grades in gojou-san's report. i suppose it would be unnatural  for them to be unrelated.

i have to listen, i guess... the former.

it is 5:30 pm. i started work at 10 am today, so i am getting off at 6 pm,  no matter what it takes.

so the person's original mass is irrelevant  when it comes to changing their shape? either way, it is a bad  match-up for my technique.

i am not worried about it. it is my policy not to bring  personal feelings into work.

grade 1.

unfortunately...

i am going into overtime now.it is a gruesome sight. are you ready to witness it, itadori-kun?please take it from here.using black flash consecutively  is not anything amazing. \hnanami kento, record holder for consecutive black flash uses, speaks\h though it is difficult to produce more than  twice in a row, or on a different day. it does not matter if you land  the first by fluke or skill. once they land a black flash,

the manipulation of cursed energy  that they normally control consciously becomes as natural as breathing. there is a sense of omnipotence,  like everything else revolves around them... that might be a good way to put it. my record? four times. i just got lucky.none of this leaving yourself  behind alone, all right?

you two! gather 'round!

he figured it out?! but it is too late! to fushiguro-kun's feet!

fushiguro-kun?

fushiguro-kun, can you  hold out a little longer?

i am sorry. we are placing our bets on him.

he is changing its shape... is he sharpening it?!

if fushiguro-kun had not come, we all would have been wiped out for sure. though problems still remain. is he an ally or not?

this one's another level stronger...

...than that cursed spirit, dagon!

um, there are minors present.

please, students are watching.

please do not suddenly try  to make this kid-friendly.and signal?

this is becoming awfully troublesome.

ino-kun, he is a talented man. keep the senior act in check.

so? what about gojo-san?why are you so insistent  on my recommendation? you could easily become  semi-first-grade with your technique.enjoy that on your own. what kind of idea is that?

please keep that attitude going. itadori-kun needs that kind of idiocy right now.

i have not told him. knowing him, he would just feel  unnecessarily responsible.

i submitted it to the higher-ups, of course. if i gave it to you, you would just  feed it to itadori-kun, right?

but is it really okay to bring him back? if the fact that he is alive becomes  known at the exchange event, will not the higher-ups just target him again?

it will be enough of a surprise  just to see he is alive.getting irritated at my own failings

never has been and never will be a part of my life. i will simply confront the evils that  force this reality upon us, and i will simply... arrogant bastards.

what is the number and  locations of your allies?

what is the number and  locations of your allies?!

what is the number and  locations of your allies?

on my way here, i found several of our  assistant supervisors dead. that was you, was not it?

let us make our way to nitta-san.

i did what i could, and he was  originally aiming to be a sorcerer. though it looks you all really  have not heard about gojo-san yet.

you two, please wait here for rescue. i will join zen'in-san,  and we will head down to b5f.

no, you will not. i am the minimum level required  for the fights ahead. you would hinder me, and be in the way. please wait here.once they land a black flash,itadori-kun, why is his nose bleeding?

when?

did his hand touch you?

my attacks will not work on him.

i will explain while i am lecturing you. one, his technique does not  work on itadori-kun, or two, there is some reason  he will not kill itadori-kun. either way, that is good for us. however, i can halt his movements. once we have both created an opening,  we will shower him with blows. we will make sure to exorcise him here.

right before he changes shape...

good.

transfigured humans! he still had a stockpile of them?

you are wrong. he is right in the middle of  making that reconciliation. if it were up to me, i would say you are the fool.

shit.

domain expansion. within an innate domain  constructed from cursed energy, their ultimate technique  becomes one guaranteed to hit. it is the height of jujutsu  sorcery i could never obtain. most likely, his cursed technique  requires touching the target with his palm in its base state in  order to interfere with their soul. however, in a domain that guarantees a hit, that would mean i am... literally in the palm of his hand now. shit. jujutsu sorcerers are shit. they have to be prepared to  cast away their lives for others, and to occasionally force  their comrades to do so. that is why i quit. or more like i ran away.

huh?

oh, uh, yes. they stopped selling it at  my local convenience store.

well, you are a bakery.

fly head... leaving it alone will not hurt anything. it would be a bigger pain to deal with it and  have her think i am some weird medium.

when people trust us with their money,  they are trusting us with their lives. so it goes without saying that we have to  balance the pursuit of profit against the risks. there is no need to do  anything special at the start. just be sincere with the clients. never forget that.

even when we con the client into buying  shitty stocks with no growth potential?

i am someone with no concept of a "reason  for living" or "something worth doing." i will just earn a reasonable amount  of money by the time i am 30 or 40, and enjoy the rest of my aimless life  in a country with a low cost of living. it is been four years since i left the school. whether i am awake or asleep,  all i think about is money. curses and other people have nothing to do with me as long i have money. money. money. money. money, money... as long as i have money...

what about you? you look like your  fatigue's been building up.

my job is to take money from the wealthy and make those people even more wealthy. that is pretty much all it is. frankly, no one would mind if i was gone. people who wanted to eat bread  would mind if their bakery was gone. yet for some reason, my job, which exists  outside that natural human cycle, pays better. when you think about it  logically, it makes no sense.

no, i am not.

could you take a step forward, please?

how is your shoulder now?

if anything still feels off,  please go to the hospital. please excuse me.

"thank you."

i always thought i was a person with no concept of a "reason for living." hello, it is nanami. i need to talk to you. yes, i will be stopping by jujutsu tech tomorrow... why are you laughing?

i do not need your gratitude. i have already received it from lots of others. i have no regrets.

that is right... the more resistant  the inside of the barrier is, the weaker it is to attacks from outside. domains are barriers specialized  in trapping something inside, so they are actually easy to invade... because there is no merit in doing so. with domains like infinite void and  self-embodiment of perfection, which guarantee victory, once they have ensnared  their target, that is even more true. however, inside itadori-kun, there lies something that must not be touched.

there is no one in this world  more proud and conceited. he lives guided by only his  pleasure and displeasure.

ino-kun, the core has  escaped into the sewers. yes. please scour everything from my  current location to the southeast. even you could exorcise him right now. let us pursue him, too! itadori-kun!

itadori-kun! itadori-kun!

you were told to rest, were not you?

i have no lecture to give to  the person who saved my life.

that patchwork's cursed technique  was interfering with the soul. since you invaded his domain,  he wound up touching sukuna's soul. i was saved because of that.

sukuna never came out. our opponent went in.

i do not know what that is, either. even if good people dying in peace and evil people being punished  with death is the proper way, most of the people in this world  are neither good nor evil. death is the final destination for all of us,  but no one dies the same death. trying to guide all of them to their  proper end would surely be arduous. i personally would not recommend it. but you will still do it anyway, will not you? just do not end up dying  yourself in the process. just as i would have died today  if you had not been there, you will see there are plenty of people  yet to come that need you, too. because you are a jujutsu  sorcerer now, itadori-kun.it was supposed to be an easy mission to  exterminate a second-grade cursed spirit! damn it! their faith in ubusunagami... that was a local deity. that was a first-grade case!

cannot we just leave everything  up to him alone at this point?