satoru gojo has been sealed, huh? i feel like i have been bushwhacked.

i would be happy to toast  the fall of the gojo clan.

go home, huh? that is what you should be doing, maki. right, grade 1 sorcerer, nanami-dono?

no, i hafn'h been dwinking.

you guys are a bit too slow.

how many people have you eaten?

i see. no wonder you were weak. you were still only a curse womb, then.

cursed spirit, do you know how many frames there  are in one second of animation?

there is a modern tendency to  raise resolutions and frame rates.

upscaling to 4k, and 60fps  frame interpolation...

they do not because anyone any trouble  when done for personal use, so that is fine. however, modern tvs have their damn  frame interpolation set to "on" by default! it is not like "unwanted favor"  has become a dead phrase already! nothing is more lamentable than that! creating that soap opera effect...

do not you agree that is uncultured?! whoa there.

i cannot believe two grade 1s like  us could not exorcise it together. what dire straits.

a defensive barrier of water, huh? can you produce large-scale attacks  at the same time, too? you have too much cursed energy. you still have several  techniques left, right? so what should i do? that is easy. i will kill you quickly, before you can use your technique!

of course, you can hover, too, right? i would escape upward, too.

i will not let you.

secret art: falling blossom emotion.

the surge of shikigami is not abating at all. is it possible the technique  embedded into this domain is— falling—

you only took one measly right arm. but it had 71 years in it. that is going to cost you!so the transfigured humans were  lying in wait inside the buildings, and now they have started attacking  the non-sorcerers, huh?toji!

a ghost.

of course, you can hover, too, right? do i need to say it again?

hey, hey, hey! you are kidding, right?

if you are going to use jujutsu,  you should do it like this!

barrier! technique! one, two, shoot!

i threw out paper, so all  of you who threw scissors might see something  good happening tomorrow!

i am so drunk!hmph.

there is no way any  non-sorcerers know his name. they are being forced to say that. we cannot break the veil?hey, booze.hah! if he has the hereditary  technique, i will pay you ten.you are leaving the clan, maki?

why would you return?

then i will put you through  ordeals befitting that!

and mai, as well.