just as humans eventually rot away, countries collapse, as well.

is now a living hell of corruption. evil spirits take human form and run amok, claiming everything as their own. those evils which heaven cannot judge... they will be dealt with in the darkness. by us... the assassins....drawing out 120% of their latent potential.or exorcising one powerful cursed spirit?

locust plague. a large-scale disaster arising  from an outbreak of locusts. the locusts will consume not just crops, but paper, clothes, buildings— anything and everything  made from plant fibers. a locust is required to eat its own  weight in food every day to grow, so a locust swarm weighing one ton must consume 2,500 people's  worth of food each day. the abnormal sounds of chewing fill the  air around the swarm all day and night, and once the swarm has passed, it leaves behind a wasteland covered  in the black fluid secreted by locusts, creating a sight that is far from tranquil. mankind has long feared, hated,  and cursed such demonic pests.

locusts lay their eggs underground. to facilitate this, they are capable of extending  their abdomens, the tips of which are hard, to nearly three times their normal length.

he did have a trick. but more importantly...

there was a gap in their strength  that no trick could overcome.blood manipulation: "convergence" is a skill that involves applying pressure  to blood in order to compress it to its limit. the blood compressed with convergence is then released through a single point. the initial speed of this blood  enhanced with cursed energy well exceeds the speed  of sound when released. this secret art of blood  manipulation is called...

in order to enhance the effects of  the blood manipulation technique, users constantly have the coagulation  properties of their blood turned off. as a result, choso's blood dissolves in  water more easily than that of others. on top of that, once exposed to water, the osmotic pressure causes the red blood  cells to expand and rupture their cell walls. this left him unable to control the blood  cells that comprise 45% of his blood, breaking his convergence. mechamaru's aim was on the mark. in that situation, it was impossible for choso to use  blood manipulation outside his own body.

choso lacked combat experience, so he could not comprehend  what was happening to him. he just coldly accepted the new reality and conducted his blood  manipulation within his body.

choso had been keeping a clot of blood from being exposed and dissolving in the water as he strengthened  said clot with cursed energy and compressed the  coagulated lump to its limit, so the moment yuji itadori  was convinced of victory, it pierced his liver.

normally, blood manipulation sorcerers never coagulate blood like  he did for blood meteorite. even blood blade only  solidifies the outline and circulates blood at high speeds  to heighten its lethality. even those sorcerers with  blood manipulation cannot extend their concentration  to every blood vessel at once. so when they strongly coagulate their blood, it always poses the risk of  causing spontaneous thrombosis.

however, choso decided the risk  posed by yuji itadori was far greater.

in that moment, memories flooded choso's mind.

memories that did not exist.