the layout was great, but a  three-burner range portends death. set it ablaze, mt. hiei!  matsutake for aroma, shimeji for flavor! the tones of autumn disappear, together with the tears of the beloved!it was a desperate gamble on a domain  expansion lasting two tenths of a second. two tenths of a second was the limit  satoru gojo set purely on instinct. it was the amount of time he believed non-sorcerers could  withstand being in infinite void without becoming vegetables  or facing after-effects. during that two tenths of a second, roughly half a year's worth  of information flowed into the brains of the non-sorcerers  and transfigured humans present, rendering every one of them  unconscious while standing upright. however, all the survivors from b5f were able to return to  society two months later. that is how limited his infinite void was. of course, that meant the special-grade  cursed spirits could reawaken at any moment. so, with their potential  counterattack in mind, satoru gojo narrowed his focus  on the transfigured humans. after dismissing his domain,  the strongest sorcerer of the modern age slaughtered all of the roughly 1,000  transfigured humans unleashed upon b5f in 299 seconds.projection sorcery. the cursed technique of naobito zen'in. it splits one second into 24  frames from his field of view, and allows him to trace the actions  created in those frames at the start. while the technique is active, anyone naobito touches  with his hand must also define their actions  within 1/24th of a second. if they fail to do so,  then their action hangs, and they remain frozen for one second. there are risks. the actions defined cannot  be edited halfway through. creating actions that excessively  ignore physics and paths of motion will result in him freezing, as well. still, with his innate sense  for frame beats and time, he is managed to become the fastest  sorcerer, aside from satoru gojo.

an anti-domain technique passed  down among the big three clans. like simple domain, the user does  not activate their own domain, and instead, the moment the domain's  guaranteed-hit attack activates, it protects the user by countering  with their own cursed energy.however, with that,  all three of them were now...they faced an enemy  that understood language. and with faith in their fellow grade-1  indirectly conveying his intentions, the previously excluded possibility of escaping the domain became  an option once more.

one who had inherited the curse  of the zen'in clan from birth, and one who could not  completely cast off that curse, both stood in witness to the one who cast it all off now manifested in raw flesh... and taking action.

granny ogami's seance technique  still continued after her death. her summoning of the dead  should have ceased once her grandson, the vessel,  ran out of cursed energy. but there was no cursed energy  in the grandson's soul that was overwritten by toji zen'in's body, and his body never expended  cursed energy, either. her technique had lost  its chance to terminate. the compounding irregularities  left her technique running rampant, and toji zen'in was currently  fighting as directed by his instincts until his  vessel ultimately broke. he had become a murder machine.

his fangs were constantly directed toward the strongest.just after 7 pm on october 31st, 2018, a roughly 400-meter radius veil was lowered, centered around tokyu  department store's toyoko outlet.the seance technique,  auspicious beast summon. by hiding his face, ino can  become a spiritual medium used to manifest the powers  of the four auspicious beasts.the technique of the  curse user haruta shigemo erases life's little daily miracles  from his memory and stores them up. that stock manifests as the markings under his eyes, and when he is faced with a threat  to his life, one miracle is released. however, he is unaware of this fact himself.

sukuna's domain, malevolent kitchen, is unlike others in that it does not cut out a  separate space with a barrier. manifesting an innate domain  without sealing it in a barrier is like trying to paint a picture  in the air without a canvas. it is truly a divine feat. to top it off, by adding a pact to  allow its victims a path of escape, it vastly increases the range of its guaranteed-hit effect to  a maximum 200-meter radius. though out of consideration for  its effect on megumi fushiguro, he has currently restrained the effect to  a 140-meter radius limited to the surface.

sukuna's slices are comprised of two types. "fillet" attacks things with cursed energy  in the range of his guaranteed-hit effect. "dissect" attacks things  without cursed energy. both rain down endlessly upon everything  until malevolent kitchen disappears. the only sure way to  defeat makora is to bury it with the first use of an  attack before it can adapt. fillet would have  fulfilled those conditions, but that would not necessarily hold true if it had adapted to slices in general, rather than to dissect. makora was close to  finishing its regeneration.

shigemo's stock of miracles had been exhausted in his  battle with kento nanami.