no objections here.

the exchange event has the principals  of the tokyo and kyoto schools each propose a form of competition to be held  for an entire day over the course of two days. but that is just how it is on paper. every year, the first day is team battles,  and the second day is individual battles.

obviously bread, because i am a panda!

you want me to kill you?! this one's... kind of forced...yeah, he is an idiot.can you move?i have not seen it.huh? where are the first-years?

will they be okay?

no, that is not what i mean. it is today, right? the day kyoto's principal comes. to go over the exchange event.

satoru's fighting with the higher-ups  because they arranged for

and the principal of kyoto is  one of those higher-ups, is not he? so if they run into each other...

an instructor might have  his position to worry about, but that is not the case for the students.

it is just a guess. students are not necessary for a meeting. but still... they love harassing us, right? both toudou and mai.

what are you two doing?! whew, just barely safe.

okay, i guess that might actually be an out.

why cannot you just wait  until the exchange event? go on home, or i will start screaming, "no!"

what a pain. i panda. i no understand human speech.the answer's obviously pandas! you want me to kill you?! huh?! everyone hates me, do not they?it was probably unleashed  halfway between both schools, but it is not just going to sit still.

that is small fry.

yup. so just ignore him.

but you can be daring against him! to be blunt, we were not counting  on your abilities anyway, so it will not affect us too much if you have to quit.

sorry, megumi. you wanted to face toudou, did not you?

it is strange. all the kyoto students are moving together. toward the area we left yuuji in. i think that puts everyone from kyoto there?

i did not sense that much hostility from them, but that was prior to yuuji's surprise survival. it is entirely possible that principal gakuganji would order that.

they do not see him the same way. you two have spent day after day with yuuji. we only recently learned that he is a good person ourselves. he is a naturally happy sort you  do not often see among sorcerers. but the thing is... to those who do not know  anything about yuuji, the vessel of sukuna  is just an object of fear. it would not feel any different  from exorcising a curse to them. even normal jujutsu sorcerers  can easily blur that line.

nobara and i will go back  to confirm that yuuji's safe. he is not answering his phone, either. toge, you keep hunting down  the cursed spirit, please.

i know you are worried about yuuji, too. but if my prediction is correct, the kyoto students are trying

once the group battle's over,  there will not be any assassination.

i am worried about maki, too. we will not let them kill yuuji, and we will win this group battle.

i would not want them. they are distracting, and they startle  you when you get a call.minimize casualties? they are talking  about sorcerer casualties, are not they? they do not care about any casualties  among regular people, do they?

why is that?yeah?

okay, let us go. pandash!what are you doing with all that luggage?

it is an exchange event with  our sister school in kyoto. held in tokyo.

it is held at the school that  won in the previous year.

we were not in it last year! only yuuta participated to  make the numbers match up!

satoru's late.

this is sudden.

now, now... you heard his explanation. cut him some slack.

it is nothing that convenient. it is all case by case, depending  on their difference in strength. if he uses powerful words,  he is hit with massive feedback. worst case, it could affect him. limiting his vocabulary is a way  for toge to protect himself, as well.

well, that depends on yuuji. what can you do?

we have enough of that.

yeah! for maki-san's sake, too!this has gotten really bad! i will count prime numbers to calm down. one, two, three... uh, nine...

next time, "right and wrong."

you will turn into a panda if you do not watch!what is wrong? your movements  are not as sharp today. did you get weaker?

anyway, did you hear about the first-years?

yeah! hey! you were serious that time!scary...

just kidding.

you looking for attention? you should focus on support  and staying hidden. well, let us just get along, since we are so similar.

good grief. what happened  to hunting cursed spirits?

i need to finish this quickly. i would rather leave him be and go  help nobara, but he fires at range. we did not have information on  mechamaru, nishimiya, or miwa, but... you are strong. what grade are you?

by my guess, this is where everyone stands. it is a little too much  for nobara to handle.

huh?

his area of attack is huge! heat emission! it is a technique with big build-up and cool-down.

i guess if there was another like me,  i would have at least heard rumors. the fact that i have not means you are not a cursed corpse. you are a sorcerer who is remote-controlling  this thing while your main body's elsewhere. that does not mean you should snap over  being treated like a cursed corpse. you do not like being similar to me? you wound me. i think it actually hurts! judging from your cursed energy output,  your main body should not be that far away. no, you are just outside the arena, huh? guess there is no point in  hunting you down, then. you would just be free to act in the meantime. so i guess i will just bust you up.

that is an incredible  amount of cursed energy! and given his position,  nobara's in his line of fire! i have to block it!

you revealed your technique while boasting about your misfortune, then. quite the sorcerer thing to do.

i am kind of pissed now.

no, i do not.

inside me?

normally, a cursed corpse has  a single core for its heart. but there are three cores inside me, and by switching out which one is  the main core, i can convert my body. there is the panda core, focused on balance... my older brother, gorilla core,  focused on power for short, decisive battles... and my bashful older sister. his first attack got my older sister's core, and that last one exhausted the panda core. i have no choice left but to  beat him with gorilla mode!

you realized it? this is gorilla mode's special move, the unstoppable drumming beat!

gorilla mode pounds through  cursed energy like a gorilla. i need to hurry. i crushed his right arm. he cannot fire off his  ultimate attack anymore. no swords in his left or his mouth,  so only ranged blasts left? even so, he should not fire them haphazardly. mechamaru believes he failed to finish  me with those blasts twice already, despite actually putting two  of my cores close to death. this time he will likely blast my core  with point-blank precision or try to finish me with a slash. however... i have the advantage at close range! a tile? did he pick it off the roof just now? a distraction, then jet acceleration! he is experienced at this!

do not treat me like other cursed corpses. i know how to bluff the position of my core  with cursed energy manipulation. i am already concealing the  number of cores, anyway. you lost because you  underestimated puppets. i have not had a single thing in common with  anyone around me from the moment i was born. i thought you and i could  understand each other in that sense. though i have never once  been jealous of humans.

i mean, humans are creepy, you know? they will risk their lives and fight  hard toward their goals, then they will be laid-back or  wishy-washy. i do not get it. still, i do love those aspects  that i do not have, creepy as they are. i am sure you have your own  hardships, too, mechamaru. but having more hardships  does not make you right. i mean, it is not like we are  enemies in the first place. why are you a jujutsu  sorcerer to begin with? because that is the only thing you can do? i mean, not that it really matters. but if you want to make something happen, i will help you.

hm? say that again?

you think i am going to  fuss over what you look like? i am a panda. later. let me pay you a visit next time.

i forgot! lend me your phone.kusakabe, are not we done  with the interiors yet? they might still be in the veil, but thanks to toge,  everyone is been evacuated, so let us head to satoru. how do we get to floor b5 from here? toge said the news about him being  sealed is real, so let us hurry!

m-maybe you are right.

i will go look over there!

i count three behind him,  probably more in hiding.

i am a panda, so that does not apply to me.

hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!maki! maki!

y-you actually do not know why they are so down?

someone really did die yesterday! one of the first-year boys!

that is exactly how you came off.

you have to be kinder to your underclassmen.

he is a bit softer when yuuta's around, though.

man, sorry about this. and when you are in mourning... please forgive us for that. the truth is, we would like you to participate  in the kyoto sister school exchange event.

then let us make a 3-man team. the exchange event has the principals  of the tokyo and kyoto schools each propose a form of competition to be held  for an entire day over the course of two days. though that is just how it is on paper. every year, the first day is team battles,  and the second day is individual battles.

we will train you up well  so you will not get killed. yeah, yeah, yeah!

that is a good question. for now, we are.

the glum emotions people harbor  from late winter through spring because an outburst of curses in the  early summer, so that is our busy season.

well, people this cocky are  all the more worthwhile to train.

i do not stink.

i do not stink! why are you treating me like an animal?

i do not like getting wet. but unlike you guys, i do not sweat, and i febreze every day. so i do not stink.lucky!

but if she performs well  at the exchange event and her name gets spread around, it will be harder for them to harass her like that.