what?

i refuse!

good. he is completely forgotten about that pact. how very amusing! you would offer up your pride, your future, your everything,  to try to rely on me... and you cannot save anything!

pathetic! you could not be more pathetic, brat!

you dare touch my soul? since we both heartily ridiculed  that brat together, i will allow it once. there will not be a second time. know your place, fool.it is your fault!

it is your fault!

people are going to die because you live!i will give you one second. move.

you hold your heads quite high. did you believe taking one knee was enough? the greatest men bow  the lowest, or so it goes. i see you value your head quite lightly. you brats, i will start with you. you wished to speak to me, yes? i will grant you a finger's worth of audience. now speak.

raise your heads.

did you think a measly one or two fingers

would grant you the right to order me around?

how offensive.

hmm, a cell phone? no, the photo function, huh? it was probably some ability to do something  to whatever was pictured in the photo. boring. you are next, cursed spirit. what do you want?

what?

there is no need. i already have my own plans. but i see... you all are desperate, too. this is your reward for the fingers. come at me. if you manage to land even  a single blow on me, i will work under you all. for starters, how about  i slaughter every human in shibuya? except for one.know your place, fool.urgent business.

it will not be much longer before i am free. do not slack on our preparations. see you later, uraume.

suspended animation, huh? i see. so saving this piece of trash  really was the right move. he probably sucked this thing into  the subjugation ritual along with him. once this trash dies, too,  the ritual will be complete. then megumi fushiguro's death  will be established, as well. do not die on me. there are things i need you to do for me.

silence. for megumi fushiguro to survive, i will have to defeat this  shikigami as an outsider, and nullify his subjugation ritual. time for a tasting, then.

dissect. that sword... it is the sword of exorcism,  specialized in combating cursed spirits. it is packed with the same positive energy  generated by a reverse cursed technique. if i was a cursed spirit, that would have eliminated  me on the first blow. tastes awful. you want to go?! oh? you did something, did not you?

now that felt odd. again?!

cursed energy?! you have done it now! you can see it! you see my technique! i knew it. you are similar to yamata no orochi. you follow my slices, and attack with cursed energy... both started happening after  that great wheel revolved. the incantation of sacred treasures and that great wheel both represent  perfect cycles and harmony. which suggests that this shikigami's ability is to adapt to anything and everything. it is the ultimate late-throw  rock-paper-scissors! you might have defeated me  in the state i was in back then. now you have fascinated me, megumi fushiguro! domain expansion: malevolent kitchen.

fuga (open). what are you looking at? begone.

oh, it is nearly time.

hey, brat, be sure to savor this.it is your fault! you took me in. and now the severed parts  of my soul have awakened. to save lots of people, was it? brat!what a waste of talent.

back then, why did you run?

good! that is good!i warned you... that there would not be a second time.

whether you die... or you die... does not matter. aside from him, i truly do not care.this is your reward for the fingers. come at me. if you manage to land even  a single blow on me, i will work under you all. for starters, how about  i slaughter every human in shibuya? except for one. is that all you have got...

...cursed spirit?!

the moonlight's shining all the way through. it is helping me see your  pathetic state more clearly. come on, now. keep trying. i will play along with you again  and again until i tire of this.

you will not. i hereby forbid every person in a 100-meter  radius from moving until i say "now." and of course, i will kill anyone  who violates that rule. not yet. still not yet. now!

if it had hit. why will not you use your domain?

because that is how it went with satoru gojo? that is the epitome of a loser's spirit. though you have managed  to pique my interest. so i will fight you with your own specialty. ■, fuga (open).

oh? i thought it was well-known, but i suppose you would not  know, cursed spirit. do not worry. i will not do anything  petty like revealing my technique. arm yourself. let us have a contest of firepower.

what is this now? you wanted to become human? yeah, i know. you do not want to actually be human.  you want their position. is that about right? even when i understand it, that is so dumb. packs of humans. packs of curses. all of you get together and measure  your worth against each other, driving all of you to grow  weaker and stunted. you should have burnt everything down. burnt everything around you,  without calculations or plots. casting aside race, future, everything...  until you finally reached satoru gojo. that hunger to seize your ideals is what you were lacking.

still, you managed to entertain me a bit. i fought humans, sorcerers,  and cursed spirits a thousand years ago, and you were still one of  the better ones i fought. be proud. you were strong.

good question. i would not know that. who are you?

uraume!how worthless. losing to such riffraff.this sucks! if you are going to switch, just do it already! what is the matter, brat?

sorry, but he is not coming back. do not be so frightened. i am in a great mood right now. let us chat for a bit. this is what he gets for trying to  use me without any kind of pact. feels like he is having some  trouble switching back. still, though... it is only a matter of time. so... i thought about what i can do right now.

i am taking this brat hostage.

yeah. i can live without this, but that are not true for the brat. switching out with me means he dies. also... for good measure.

with that, i am free as a bird. you can be frightened now. i will kill you! for no particular reason.

you give him too much credit. this guy's just a little tougher  and denser than other humans. just a moment ago, he was scared out  of his mind, on the verge of death, and prattling on about his  regrets and all that nonsense. i know for a fact he does not  have the guts to kill himself.

i am finally outside, after all. let us use the open space. interesting. you use shikigami, but you will still come at me yourself? more. more. more! put more curse behind it when you strike me!

hey, what did i just say? let us use the open space!

nice technique there.

i get it now. so your shikigami are created from shadows.

hmm... it is not the generic technique  that uses charms. it is adaptable, too. i do not get it, though. why did you run back then? what a waste of talent. whatever. either way, that will not be enough to fix this.

you are risking your life over stupid shit. this brat is not even worth that much.

nice. that is it. so this is when you start  burning through your life! now i see. well, in that case... show me, fushiguro megumi!

do not look inside me without  permission. i hate it... brat.