that is my brother's friends for you! where are you going, brother?!

what are you saying?! we have been so close since  middle school, brother!

obviously... we are continuing it, of course.

first, only those with a connection to  the dead have a right to mourn them. it is not our place to butt in there. and second, if people have died, that is all the more reason  we need to become stronger. acquired strength comes from  the accumulation of results. tasting defeat and savoring victory is what leads us to grow. the most important part is  for those results to exist.

third, when a student feels like they  were not able to bring out their best,

catcher, huh?

catching, throwing, leading, fielding, etc. one could call it a fitting  position for my brother. but what i desire is a face-off  with pitcher itadori.

promise me, brother. if i hit a home run at bat this time, next time you will pi—...megumi fushiguro, nobara kugisaki,  and my brother, yuji itadori. on my name as aoi todo...

those who are recommended  by at least two first-grades must carry out missions under  an active first-grade, or first-grade equivalent sorcerer. then, if they are deemed fit,  they will be promoted to semi-first-grade and proceed to be assigned  first-grade missions on their own. following the results of those missions, they either will or will not officially  become first-grade sorcerers. my brother will certainly accept  the recommendation. with sukuna still uncooperative, he will need to go on more dangerous missions to raise his chances of finding more fingers. you understand what  that means, right, ms. mei?

a bright future... it means a bright future  where aoi todo and yuji itadori face missions together lies ahead of us!

you do not have to say it. there is no guarantee i will be the first-grade  sorcerer assigned to accompany him. that is what you wanted to say, right? but i am certain of this! it is as certain as apples  falling from a tree! the two of us are drawn together! yes, it truly is destiny!the bells of the gion monastery in india echo with the warning that  all things are impermanent. the blossoms of the sala trees  teach us through their hues that what flourishes must fade. however! we are the exception!

it looks like suguru geto has  already left with the prison realm.

let us switch gears. our goal has changed from  fighting to reclaim satoru gojo to fighting to save our allies and shave away  as much of the enemy forces as possible, starting right now! let us hurry. my brother should already be nearby.

enough prattle. see to my brother, too. wake up, brother! our battle has just begun!

brother... a man as great as you should not  let yourself grow so small. we are jujutsu sorcerers. me, you, kugisaki, mr. nanami, and all of our allies are jujutsu sorcerers! so long as we continue to live, our dead comrades have not truly been defeated! this is not a matter of sins  and punishments. the moment we chose to  live as jujutsu sorcerers, our lives were no longer  bound by such karma. attempting to find meaning  in the deaths of the fallen can, at times, defile the  memories of those we have lost! but even so! what have they entrusted you with? there is no need to find  your answer to that now. but until you do, you cannot stop moving forward. that is the one punishment imposed on those who live as jujutsu sorcerers. there is no need to tell my brother  about that right now.

what is wrong? you will not touch me?

welcome back.

brother! if you are satisfied with  staying on that level, you and i will not stay best friends. this cursed spirit is already  landing black flash, too... i am the one being left behind right now. you have grown strong, brother. are you satisfied with that, aoi todo?! are you planning to leave  your brother alone once again, aoi todo?!

black flash!

smooch!

an omnidirectional attack  that makes switching pointless! he is getting into high gear!

they say a hero always arrives late, but everyone understands  that those who worked hard and held out are heroes, too, right? next time, "metamorphosis."fushiguro megumi, kugisaki nobara, and my brother, itadori yuji. these are the five that i,  by my name as todo aoi...