do not worry about it. i am terrible at remembering guys' names, too.

i once went to see the brat born into  the gojo clan with the six eyes on a lark. never before or after that had anyone noticed me standing behind them. that is why i wore him down... until his senses dulled.

the star plasma vessel is gone. i had hoped to take you down  with that earlier attack. i guess i have gotten rusty.

because i took it down, prideful bastard. when facing people  without openings like you, you have to first create ups and  downs leading to several false goals. i laughed when those star religious  group men went to okinawa. it sucked that none of the  sorcerers around her died, but if i had not set that  time limit on the bounty, you would not have released  your technique until the very end.

his intuition is keen enough  to sense me empty-handed. there is no way your six eyes would overlook the unusual cursed energy  oozing from this cursed tool. though that finally... got you to focus on defense  with your technique. the special-grade cursed tool,  inverted spear of heaven. its effect is the forced release  of any active techniques. i think... i am getting my edge back now.

okay, job's done. you are free to go now.

why? oh, that is what you mean. because i killed gojo satoru.who the hell do you think  you are ordering around, old hag?

channeled? oh, so that is why.

i do not really get it, but my body's special. i guess it just means this guy's  soul could not win against my body.

kill sorcerers, huh? you are a sorcerer, too, right?i am not a zen'in anymore. i took my wife's name. it is fushiguro now. but sure. count me in.okay, job's done. you are free to go now.

why? oh, that is what you mean. because i killed satoru gojo.

do not be so impatient.

the tombs of the star  and the forbidden vault use barriers that conceal. so they cannot place guards at the entrances. as long as you know where the doors are, they are full of holes. sorcerers are busy during this time of year, and jujutsu high is brimming  with fly heads right now. it is pure chaos outside. and since i have no cursed energy,  i am like the invisible man. there was one problem, though. if i wield a cursed tool, the cursed energy from it will stop  me from being an invisible man. now, there is more to this story. see, i keep a cursed spirit  capable of storing objects around. so i usually put my cursed tools  in it when i am walking around. you do not have to say it. yes, that means the cursed energy from the cursed spirit should stop me  from being an invisible man. so i make the cursed spirit smaller, until it can fit inside my body. then i keep it inside my stomach. after all, the organs of the invisible  man are invisible, too, right? that is how i am able to  pass through any barrier while still carrying  all kinds of cursed tools. that is also why i did not use  a cursed tool at first. a surprise attack on the six eyes would be pointless if i was not invisible. i could have killed the star plasma vessel first, but the risk of the six eyes seeing me was too—

humans leave plenty of  traces aside from residuals. like scents, footprints, and so on. my pact enhances all five of my senses, too.

hm? oh, that maid? she is probably dead. i did not care if she lived or died, though. if she is lucky, she might still be alive.

curse manipulation... riffraff.

a potential apparition? it deploys a simple domain that enforces non-violence on both of us  until i answer its question, then? ah, well... then i will just come out and say you are not my type. so that is how it is. idiot. it is over.

i did not cut you badly enough to kill you. i would have killed you if  you were a shikigami user, but since it is curse manipulation, there is no telling what might happen to the  cursed spirits you have absorbed after you die. i would rather avoid extra trouble here. you have the blessing of parentage. but even with that blessing, you were all beaten by a monkey like me  who cannot even use cursed techniques. if you want to live a long life,  never forget that. oh, speaking of blessings... that is right. i almost forgot. i named him megumi.

go on, now. the corpse of the star plasma  vessel, riko amanai. all four limbs intact, too.

thank you, founder. you are so generous.

huh?

were you referring to okinawa  when you said they helped us?

why did not you kill the maid then? i know i told you, "take her someplace far away,  and kill her at some point."

yeah, but why okinawa?

even so...

well, let us go eat with their money. take me to one of the  restaurants you use for clients.

huh?

for real?

reverse cursed technique!

he is blabbing on and on... he is high.

i am going to lose? our fight is just getting started.

monster. no bones are broken. that shock wave was an  application of limitless, the cursed technique reversal, red, huh? so he poured the positive energy generated  by the reverse cursed technique into the limitless  technique ingrained into him. one, the power to stop: the neutral application  of the limitless technique. two, the power to attract: the amplified application of  the limitless technique, blue. and three, the power to repel: the reversal of his cursed technique, red. all things i can handle. something is off. something is off. no, this is fine. i will kill you.

something is off. "i refuse to do any work for free." normally i would have said that  and hightailed it out of there. yet the freshly awakened wielder of the  limitless technique was right before my eyes. he was probably the strongest jujutsu  sorcerer of the modern age. i wanted to reject him. i wanted to bring him to his knees. i wanted to take down the  pinnacle of the jujutsu world and the zen'in clan that rejected me. i twisted myself to try to affirm myself. that was the moment i lost. i thought you had abandoned that pride. i thought you had chosen to live without  respecting yourself or anyone else.

nah. two or three years from now, my kid will be sold off to the zen'in clan. do what you will with that.you know my brat? he is totally got it all. i would not mind giving him to you once his  technique becomes clear at age five or six. depending on how much you will pay, of course. if he has the hereditary  technique, i will take eight, and i will take seven for anything else.

even if that place was a trash dump to me, it should be much better for  him since he has the talent. not that i care anymore. not that i care at all.

hey, you. what is your name?

it is not zen'in? i am glad.getting more money.

oh, give it a rest. you are talking like i am unemployed.

i am up against the gojo clan's kid. i would not be able to do anything  if i just popped up in front of him. i have to wear him down using some idiots first. you go do your own damn job.

i told you, wearing him down. do not you worry. all that  money will come back to me. just like with this race.

tsk.

who is that?

now the ones drawn to the bounty will  be reasonable fools instead of just fools.

about what?

gojo satoru is with the girl. he is the first in several  centuries to possess both the six eyes and the limitless technique. no one can kill the star plasma  vessel as long as he is nearby.

who knows?

for now, we will leave the bounty  up for another 47 hours,

and let the fools wear down gojo  and the sorcerers with him.

nah, never mind. they will not be able to kill the  star plasma vessel, of course, so they are working for free.

that is not the only reason.

just talking to myself.

i will head out soon enough. looks like things are developing  faster than i expected.

make sure you get that  thirty million back for me.

signal's dropping.