and it goes without saying, but...so these are the pinch hitters  for okkotsu and the third-years?

mai, do not bring up such pointless topics. i am only here to see if these guys  are fit to take okkotsu's place. that is all i want to know. fushiguro, was it? what kind of woman is your type? depending on your answer, i will beat you half to death right here and drag okkotsu, or at least the  third-years, out to the exchange event. by the way, my type is a  tall woman with a big ass!

kyoto, third-year, toudou aoi. introduction over. now we are friends. hurry up and answer.  if you prefer men, that is fine, too. a person's fetishes reflect  everything about them. people with boring taste in women  are boring people themselves. and i hate boring men. the exchange event is where my soul can  be free as blood boils and flesh clashes. who knows what i might do if my  last exchange event ends up boring me?

as a show of kindness, i will let you  off only half-dead right now. answer me, fushiguro. what kind of woman is your type?

i knew it. you are boring, fushiguro.

i knew at first glance that you were a boring guy. but you should not judge a  person by their looks, right? so i went out of my way to ask you, but you just trampled on my kindness.

huh? oh, that rumor's false. i used them against the special-grade.

flimsy and shallow... both your body and your taste in women!

i am not finished yet! you are always so boring! i barely feel any intention to fight.

bring it!

long time no see, panda.

you do not have to tell me to go home. where did i put my jacket? looks like i will not be bored the whole time.

we are leaving, mai.

oh, there is my jacket.

looks like you are having fun.

no, you are not. unlike you, i still have  important business here in tokyo. my personal handshake with takada-chan!

who knows what i might do if i miss my  transfer and cannot make it to the event hall? come with me, mai.

cannot believe i lost the lottery  for the usual one in kyoto.

give me a taka-tan beam, please!

mai, sorry to keep you waiting. what is wrong? did something unpleasant happen?

so this moment has finally come...

for the next handshake event. you should go experience how  wonderful takada-chan is in person.

this is my duty as a fan...  as a future husband.

what is the matter?

you are back, mai? how was it?

true, takada-chan is not a woman  that can so easily be put into words.in third grade, i beat up a cocky high schooler.

even if he was older, cocky is still cocky. he mocked me. and when i feel mocked, that is when the gong rings on the fight. it was not that fun. trouncing a boring guy  was naturally boring, too.

who are you? my boredom was about  to be flipped upside-down. that was the feeling she gave me.

it is time to unleash my technique!

however! i have no time  to explain my technique! so there is only one thing i can say to you. do not stop! believe in me!

let us analyze our opponent's cards. one is roots that emerge from the ground. that one probably gains power and speed  the more it limits quantity and range. then there is wooden ball. each ball can attack once or twice,  and then it is expended. they can remain airborne,  and i have to watch for delayed activation. then there is cursed bud. that is probably what fushiguro got hit with. guess you are out if even if one of those hits. though i want to believe that  means it cannot fire too many. then there is flower field. it looks like that relaxes you, but its earlier wounds are throwing it off. no need to be too wary of it. then there is that unleashed left arm... and the possibility that  all of those are bluffs! however, it does not matter what a  technique is if you do not let them activate it! even accounting for unexpected situations,

my iq 530,000 mental cpu  produces only one conclusion:

yeah. my technique swaps my position  with my opponent's. boogie woogie!

shh! we will end this before  it can get used to it. by the way, clapping my hands is necessary to activate it!

brother, i always get that premonition from you!

three in a row!

clapping my hands does not necessarily mean  i am activating my technique! it is simple, but easy to fall for! i am getting that same premonition of  my boredom being turned upside-down!

but that black flash rush hurt it. we can exorcise it! together!

do not worry, brother! by seriously hardening my  body and cursed energy, i will easily repel these buds!

t-takada-chan?!

of course i remember! those are the cursed buds about  to slam into me right now! that is why i am—

cursed energy!

her next one's the national?

i will have to thank her then, will not i? hey, special-grade cursed spirit, i know you have realized  i did not tell you everything then. but there is one more thing  you should be thinking about: what counts as a target for boogie woogie! with what can i swap within  the range of my technique? only creatures? non! my technique works on cursed corpses  and inanimate objects, too. so the answer is... anything possessing cursed  energy above a certain level! hey, special-grade cursed spirit,  have you noticed? we are back at that spot again. this is where it lies waiting.

special-grade cursed tool, playful cloud! even a blow from a special-grade cursed  tool imbued with my cursed energy

stay away, brother! its cursed energy output is incredible!

wait, brother!

do not take another step forward... or you will get caught in it.

he is just as nonstandard as ever. now we cannot tell if it was exorcised or not.great! you are all here! come at me all together!

nice speed.

i will return the favor, first-year. guard like your life depends on it!

done already? now, which should i pursue? are you for real?

do not worry. takada-chan said, "men are perfect  when they are a little dumb."

then how did you know she is an idol? you know who she is, do not you? what is your name, first-year?

i see. itadori yuuji. i have one question for you. what kind of woman is your type?

do not worry about that.  i am just appraising you.

oh? i am going to confess to takada-chan.

why are you assuming she will reject me?

anne sullivan once said to helen keller, "what fool thinks of defeat  before even trying?"

any chance that someone is me?

you never lost to anyone  in your hometown, huh? seems like we are best friends!

hey. i told you i would kill you if  you interfered, did not i?

same thing. piss off!

that depends on itadori. do not order me around.

after all, i am not an inconsiderate man  who would hold back against his best friend!

what splendid toughness! he is actively using the landscape  to his advantage, too! he is gone? he is also quick to set up his next move! and to top it off... he has such tremendous power! his raw strength is greater than mine, despite his small body! which is why his blows are effective  with so little cursed energy! and that makes it hard to read his movements  from the flow of cursed energy! but the way this cursed  energy hits after a time lag... that is just... that is just... ...wrong! ...wrong! ...wrong! ...wrong! ...wrong! ...wrong!

my friend! that cursed energy you  blast with a time lag... that is a bad habit of yours!

so long as you are satisfied with that,  you will never beat me! if you are satisfied with  staying on that level, you and i will not stay best friends. are you okay with that?!

are you okay with staying weak?

that is right! my best friend!you good to go, my friend?

panda.

take those two and exit the veil. according to nishimiya,  this is an anti-gojou satoru veil, so we can come and go without issue.

looks like you have realized it. nobody is allowed to touch those  who have started growing wings. and that is exactly where  itadori stands right now.

i will not lift a finger to help, itadori. not until you land a black flash. if you cannot land a black flash, then i will just watch you die, no matter what happens to you.

my friend. anger is an important trigger for sorcerers. sometimes they can be taken down

and the opposite is also true. sometimes they lose because their  own anger disrupts their cursed energy,

your friend has been wounded, and worse yet, they have rained on your  honeymoon with me, your best friend, so i can really understand  why you would be boiling with rage. but that rage is too much for you. put it away for now.

are those stray thoughts gone now?

black flash. it is a distortion of space born  from the impact of cursed energy

it delivers 2.5 times the  force of a normal strike. there are no sorcerers who can  consistently use black flash. however... between those who have experienced  black flash and those who have not, their distance from the core of cursed energy  is like that of heaven from earth.

the instant cursed energy impacts  within a trillionth of a second of a blow, space is distorted... and cursed energy flashes black.

he is grown.

he is grown.

now you understand  the taste of cursed energy. up until now,

but after experiencing black flash and understanding the taste of  your ingredient, your cursed energy, you stand on a completely different level  as a chef than you did three seconds ago. congratulations, brother. you can become strong.

a cursed spirit's body is made  up of cursed energy. unlike us, they do not need any advanced  reversed cursed technique to heal. an injury like that is  nothing to a special-grade. but there is no doubt that it  shaves away their cursed energy, and if you crush their head, it is game-set. now, shall we get cooking?

do not falter! that range means its force  and speed are weaker!

yeah!

i messed up!

but it is all the embodiment— the manifestation of its cursed energy! that is a special-grade for you!

attacking while we fall? that is brutal! however... brother!

i am fine!

now's our chance to strike! you monster!

you okay, brother?!

excellent! then it is time to unleash my technique!okkotsu's not here.

you guys hungry?

none for you, utahime.

this is stupid. do what you want.

takada-chan's making a guest  appearance on a walking show at 11. do i need to explain any more?

i am going to watch the recording  and watch it in real time! who do you take me for?

listen, all of you. you listen, too, old man. i have long been disappointed in you all  and your bad taste in women. plot and scheme all you want on your own. but if you try to order me around again, i will kill you.

she is drunk.

that is my takada-chan.the hands will never surpass the eyes. unless you cultivate the "eyes"  to discern good from bad,

you cannot hope to improve the  "hands" that create works of art. it is a phrase that is often  used among creators, but it applies to all kinds of fields. those with good "eyes" will improve far more rapidly than those without! when i throw my right horizontal punch, he immediately sends a left vertical jab! itadori was not moving like that before! he is improving... by devouring me! what a beautiful way to knock me down!

however!

that is not what i want you  to devour right now. your divergent fist is created by your cursed energy lagging behind your  superhuman physical prowess, when normally it would never lag. it is a tricky move. your average sorcerer would not know what  happened, and they would be left disoriented. it carries plenty of force, too. for opponents on that level, at least! but it will not work against special-grades. what will you do, best friend?

good! so then why is your cursed energy lagging? it is because you are channeling it!

we channel cursed energy. many sorcerers do this consciously. "my stomach's full of rage." "the blood's boiling in my gut." the theory is that cursed energy extracted from such negative emotions

starts in the navel and is  channeled throughout the body. they say it flows from the navel to the chest, then the shoulders, arms,  and finally the fists, but this perception of  the body as individual parts is what delays cursed energy. the idea of channeling cursed  energy is not wrong in itself. but that is only the first step! you cannot let yourself remain  too trapped by that concept. the better the sorcerer, the harder it is  to read the flow of their cursed energy. for a different reason from why yours is. do we think with our guts? do we express anger with our heads? listen to me, itadori. we exist in this world with our entire mind,  body, and soul as one whole. it is such a given that  everyone forgets about it.

then no more words are needed. i will not hold back. i will guide you with my full strength! do not die on me, itadori! rise up to greater heights!

mechamaru,

do not talk to me right now. takada-chan's live-streaming.