do you remember the ways to rid cursed  spirits from our world? regardless of which method is pursued, it means advancing humanity  to the next stage. now, i need to buy time for larue to act. humanity's next stage is freeing itself from cursed energy.

i was talking to geto-kun, you know. well, whatever. i went back to my original idea. besides, there is a big hole  in your optimization plan. extremely few sorcerers and cursed spirits  emerge in other countries compared to japan. so tengen's barriers should be  indispensable to your optimization plan. using tengen to optimize  cursed energy would mean only the humans of this nation  would become sorcerers. japan would practically have  a monopoly on cursed energy. other nations, especially that superpower,  would not stand by and allow that. flesh-and-blood humans  would become an energy source. it is easy enough to imagine  what misfortune that would bring. that is a world far removed  from the ideals i pursue.

there was a cursed spirit  called mahito, right?! the one with the technique  that let it interfere with souls!

seriously?!

tengen's barrier? no, this is... remote activation of a cursed technique?!

what did you do?

a thousand? that is conservative. you are also underestimating  human rationality. do you think people will start killing each other just because  they were granted power?

he is pissing me off,  so let us all beat him up together!

my ally is protecting aoi,  the girl with the gun, and that suit. they do not belong here.

you do not mean...

i am sorry. i hesitated. i thought i should sit back and watch, and give him room to work, since the  situation had already progressed so far. have you realized yet? i am not really on your side. i am just a humble beauty who wants to  eradicate cursed spirits from the world. it might not be much of an apology, but my allies and i will take responsibility  for delivering the kids who were there. it is high time i confronted tengen, too. what will you do?are you geto-kun? what kind of woman is your type?

oh?

he was being sarcastic, you know.

your underclassman? he is cute. i like how frank he is.

so, are you not going to answer?

special-grade sorcerer yuki tsukumo. that ring any bells?

oh, i like the sound of that! what do they say?

i hate jujutsu high.

i am joking. though it is true that i do not get along  with jujutsu high's policies. what they are doing is just treating symptoms, and i want to do something  to treat the because.

rather than hunt down cursed spirits, i want to create a world  where cursed spirits are not born. care for a little lesson? what are cursed spirits to begin with?

excellent. now this means there are two ways to create  a world where cursed spirits are not born. one: eliminate cursed energy from mankind. two: make it possible for all of humanity  to control their cursed energy. i thought number one had a  pretty good chance of working. there was a model case for it, too.

someone you know well. toji zen'in. i have seen plenty of cases  where a heavenly pact reduced a person's cursed energy to the  level of your average person, but you could search the  whole world only to find he was the only case in which  that cursed energy dropped to zero. that was not the only intriguing  thing about him, either. even though zen'in toji  had zero cursed energy, he was able to perceive cursed  spirits with his five senses. by completely casting aside cursed energy, his body drew a hard line and actually gave him  great resistance to curses. he truly was superhuman. you should not be ashamed of losing to him. i wanted to try studying him,  but he turned me down. it was a real shame to lose him. and there are not many people  with heavenly pacts, so i am currently favoring route number two, making it possible for all of humanity  to control their cursed energy. did you know? cursed spirits are not born from sorcerers. of course, that excludes cases  where the jujutsu sorcerer turns themselves into a curse after death. compared to non-sorcerers, jujutsu sorcerers  leak extremely little cursed energy. there is some variance based  on the sorcerer's capacity and the amount of cursed  energy their technique expends, but the main reason is their flow. jujutsu sorcerers circulate cursed  energy through their own bodies well. to put it in rough, general terms, if all of mankind were jujutsu sorcerers, curses would not be born.

geto-kun. that is possible.

i mean, that is probably  the easiest way to achieve it. just keep culling non-sorcerers and force them to adapt into sorcerers  as a survival strategy. you would be forcing them to  evolve using fear and danger, the same way birds gained wings. but unfortunately, i am not  crazy enough to do that. do you hate non-sorcerers, geto-kun?

neither one is how you truly feel. you are not at that stage yet. this part of you despising non-sorcerers, and this part of you rejecting that, are both just possibilities  that you are considering. it is up to you to choose which part becomes your true  feelings from here on out. see you later. it is a shame i did not get to  talk to gojo-kun, too, but it looks like i missed him today. i hope the three of us can all  get along as fellow special-grades.

oh, right, one last thing. you do not need to worry  about the star plasma vessel. either there was already another  star plasma vessel at the time, or a new star plasma vessel  has already been born. either way, tengen is stable.

oh... oh, i did not get his type. i did not get his type.

this part of you despising non-sorcerers, and this part of you rejecting that.. it is up to you to choose which part...

...becomes your true  feelings from here on out.