do you think we should share this information  with the students and the other sorcerers?

how did a cursed spirit and outsiders get through tengen-sama's  barriers in the first place?

for now, let us be glad our students are safe.

fly ball! nishimiya, do not run yet!

if you do not know the rules, then say so!

you are just plain stupid!

kamo! you will not get a hit if you do not swing!

mai! miwa! watch for base-stealing!impossible! working with a curse user is  one thing, but cursed spirits?!

this way. you have heard from gojo about  the person leaking intel, right?

there is probably two or more people  in contact with the curse users. one would be a higher-up,  well above the principal. i will not be able to do  anything about that one. the other would be someone passing  the information up to that higher-up. that one is our current target. they are only a suspect at this point,  so we will capture and interrogate them.

the mole is...

mechamaru's real body, kokichi muta, is in the basement here. now, it is not like he is suspicious. it is more that everyone else was not. so the process of elimination  leaves us with him. mechamaru's technique  is puppet manipulation. thanks to his heavenly pact, the range he can manipulate puppets  in extends throughout all of japan. if he had unregistered puppets, he could do the work of a mole as much as he wanted.

even if the puppet was  the size of a fly or a mosquito?

we are here.

he got us.will go unquestioned. the man is dead, after all.

do not forget to grab your delay certificate!roger that. nishimiya, you keep going, too,  and head to shouko. it is okay. mei-san has eyes on miwa. thank god it did not cut off my reception. guess that is only natural,  given the effect of the veil.

looks like he was not mistaken.

a human? a curse user?!

you guys!

the veil lifted?!

what was his deal?huh?! you-uh... um, some degree of injury will be unavoidable, but, um... now and then, help  each other out... or something...

hey! gojou, you little...

respect your seniors!

nice girl, nice girl, nice girl... oh, miwa?okay, now. let us not fight amongst ourselves. my goodness, these children.

so, where is that idiot?

tsk. gojou satoru.

i do not need one!

gross.

so what did you want?

i am not mad, actually.

impossible! a curse user might be one thing,  but working with curses?

what would you do if i was the traitor?

i! am! the senior here!apparently, this used to be  the home of the president of a company managing a local  chain of barbecue restaurants. however, in july of last year, the mad cow disease breakout dealt  a fatal blow to his restaurants, so he committed suicide with his family  after they were buried under vast debt. from then on, local rumors claimed  the president's home was haunted, so local school kids, college students  from outside the prefecture, job-hoppers, and others would visit  it as part of a test of courage, and subsequently go missing. those rumors brought about more rumors, and the damage just continued to spread.

in addition to that, three grade school kids  went missing on their way home from school. there is also a high chance  the families, police, colleagues, and friends who trace the paths  of those who disappeared will reach the mansion and  become victims themselves. we have to sever the root of  this issue as soon as possible.

did you overcharge them again?

emerge from darkness, blacker than darkness. purify that—

huh?

it is unlocked. seems like something is blocking the door. what is all this? mei-san.

thank you. all right. i-incredible. oh, it still has electricity.

huh? all by myself?

n-no, i-it is fine.

okay. this is the last one.

jeez! please do not startle me like that!

are you done exploring the first floor?

huh?

what? but... i know i entered a room  at the end of the hallway...

huh? for real? how long is this hallway?

it is not an innate domain, is it?

this is a barrier.

this hallway is repeating itself. at first... i thought...

...it was shaped like a donut. but we passed by four of  the marks you made, right? when i calculated how many  paces apart they were, i got... 122, 203, 157, and 270 paces. so the spacing between marks was random.

the interval between  repetitions is not standardized. which means that, most likely... this barrier is patching spaces together. so if we both run down the hallway  at top speed, then at some point... it will break.

d'oh. what is the remaining ten?

i get it! so my patching theory was correct, and if we quickly advance  in different directions, that makes it harder for the cursed  spirit to hold the barrier together. and once we have that opening,  we might be able to get out.

then, with that settled... if this works, i will be expecting a promotion.

what?

right! okay... ready, set... go! we did it! wait, wha—

i am not crying!

and be more polite!

gojo! you listen here! i do not need your hel—

shoko!

shoko! shoko! do not let yourself  turn out like those two!

wait, two days?

she is planning to overcharge again.i do not want any long chats  with you on my day off. you are calling about arrangements  for the drinking party, right?

none. everyone is busy, even myself. what now? should i try  asking the students, too?she fell asleep. i am heading out real quick.

i cannot leave her in the woods with  cursed spirits wandering around, right?

huh? the game's over? and they all burned red?

you think it is an outsider? some invader?

let us hurry.

gojou! you go on ahead before the veil comes down!

huh?!

hey... why are you being kept out while i am able to enter?

true, that would make everything add up. but if they are able to use a barrier to keep a specific individual out...

what a strong curse presence! do not tell me a special-grade curse is here!break's over.

why cannot they just get along?

you are the only one i have an issue with!

"construction" uses one's cursed energy  to create matter from nothing. it differs from the manifestation of an innate domain within the  barrier of a domain expansion. the matter produced by construction does not  disappear when the cursed technique ends. because of that, it consumes  a lot of cursed energy and puts a heavy strain on the body. creating one bullet a day is mai's maximum. that is why she uses a revolver to create  an obvious bluff of her bullet count.