it is probably better to keep  this among the higher-ups. we do not want to give curse users certainty  that special-grade objects were stolen. has the curse user we  captured spilled anything?

but it goes without saying that the  exchange event is now canceled.

baseball?!

no, i know i put individual battles in— get back here, satoru!

do you still hate itadori?

but there are lives that  were saved thanks to him, too. case in point, he worked together  with todo to fend off the special-grade. this does not apply to just our students, but they are going to stack up  many regrets as time goes on. "i wish i had done that." "i wish they would done this." "i should have said that." "i wish someone had told me this." to be honest with you, i do not know  what the right decision is with itadori. but for now, let us just watch over him.

we can save our regrets for after that.are you going to blame your grandfather  when you are killed by a curse, too?the tokyo-kyoto sister school  exchange event will be held over two days. the first day is a group battle...

the rules are simple.

the first team to exorcise  the second-grade cursed spirit released in the designated area wins. several third-grade and lower cursed spirits  will be released into the designated area, as well. if a winner is not decided by sundown, the team that exorcises the most wins. there are absolutely no other rules. of course, you are welcome  to sabotage the others, but remember, you are all on the same  side in the fight against the curses. this exchange event will allow  you to learn about yourselves and your comrades through competition. be certain not to kill other competitors  or injure them beyond recovery. that is it. you are all dismissed until the  event commences at noon!fushiguro! i just saw itadori for a moment... no, was it sukuna?!he is late!one of you three said they  would cast the veil themselves

and left your assistant  supervisor behind, did not you? and then you forgot the veil.

come forward.

so it was you, satoru.

how long are you going  to keep fooling around? where did shoko go?

whatever. this mission is being assigned to you two. what are those faces for?

frankly, i think it is too much for you, but tengen-sama asked for you specifically. your mission has two goals. the star plasma vessel is the one compatible with tengen-sama. you are to escort that girl and erase her.

that is right.

i will be the one to decide  if i let that off as a joke.

tengen-sama possesses the  cursed technique of immortality, but it is not eternal youth. it would not be an issue  if all he did was get older, but after his body ages to a certain point, the cursed technique  begins rewriting his body. evolution. he will cease to be human and become  a higher form of existence.

the star plasma vessel's  location has been leaked. right now, there are two major  groups after the young girl's life. one is the curse user group q, which seeks to upend jujutsu society  with tengen-sama's rampage. the other is the star religious  group, also known as the "time vessel association," which worships tengen-sama as a god. tengen-sama will assimilate the  star plasma vessel two days from now. you are to protect the girl until then and  ensure that she reaches tengen-sama! if you fail, the effects will ripple  throughout even normal society! do not forget that!cursed corpses. that is the generic name  for inanimate objects that house curses and can operate independently. man-made cursed corpses always have  a core that serves as their heart. panda is the ultimate masterpiece  by myself, yaga masamichi,

he is a cursed corpse born with emotions... a cursed corpse mutation! panda... is not a panda!

panda... is not a panda!

panda. you have an older brother  and an older sister.

yes, you do. they are inside you. and why the polite tone?

yes. you will understand someday. those two will always, always lend you strength.do not make me repeat myself. suguru killed everyone in the village and—

suguru's old home was already  an empty husk, as well. though, from the bloodstains and residuals, he most likely killed his parents, too—

satoru. i do not understand what is going on, either.

why did not you pursue him?

nah, it is fine. my bad.

yeah, brazenly so.you know that is not enough. the moment they learn about  this place, they will target it. now even satoru is capable of healing others  with his reverse cursed technique. ino and ijichi would both  be dead if you were not here.

i thought you had quit smoking?as much as i want to do that,  this is an order from tengen-sama. he said to fulfill all of  amanai riko's demands.the charms will burn red  for unregistered cursed energy.

i am going to tengen-sama. satoru and principal gakuganji, please protect the students. mei, you stay here and identify  the locations of the students. stay in constant contact with the other two.