they are keeping a cursed  object in a place like this? could they be any dumber? there is nothing here.

the stevenson screen's empty.

i will punch you.

i am seriously going to punch him next time.

what is with this rugby field? is there a dead body  buried here or something? even if there is, i am surprised to see one this high-leveled. that is probably a grade 2 curse. must be that cursed object's influence.

damn it. its presence is too strong to pin down. it feels like it is close by,  but it could still be far away, too. this special-grade cursed  object is a serious pain. who could have moved it? where is it now?

that guy's incredible. he pulled that off without any cursed energy. i wonder if he is like zenin-senpai...

the presence of a cursed object! hey, you! he is way too fast!

itadori yuuji, right? i am fushiguro from jujutsu tech. i would like to have a word with you. now.

sorry, but there is not time. the cursed object you  possess is very dangerous. hand it over to me right now.

this.

the number of unexplained  deaths and missing persons

most of those are the result of curses.

i do not care if you believe in them or not. they are real. i will go on. large pools of negative energy form especially  easily in schools, hospitals, and so on. hardship, regret, shame... the negative emotions of mankind  become the source of curses. that is why most schools secretly keep a  cursed object such as a protective talisman. the object you found is one of them.

let me finish. placing a cursed object of greater evil is a deadly poison that  keeps other curses away. it is a bad practice that  only claims to protect. over the years, its seal weakens, and then it becomes bait to lure  in and fatten up other curses. the object you found is a dangerous one,  classified as special-grade. hand it over before people start dying.

it is empty? i was just following the  taint clinging to the box?! where are the contents?!

what? actually, they were talking about removing  the talisman from it tonight at the school. what? is that bad? it is worse than bad. they are going to die.

no, it is impossible for people  who lack cursed energy. normally.

this time the object itself is too strong. the seal is ancient.  it might as well be plain paper.

where are they?

you stay here.

stay here.

the curse has been unleashed! its presence is still all over the place!

out of the way! demon dogs!

you can eat it.

they are going to die.

the curses are growing in number. they are close. found them.

damn it! is it trying to swallow her  along with the cursed object?! i am not going to make it! itadori!

i want to ask you what you are doing here, but good job.

my shikigami. you can see them, then? normally a curse cannot be seen. not unless you are on the verge of  death or in special places like this.

you are not scared, are you?

huh?

yeah. that is the special-grade cursed  object, ryoumen sukuna's finger. it is a miracle it did not get swallowed.

do not be stupid. you would do it to gain stronger cursed energy. it is dangerous, so hand it over already.

run!

nue! damn it, i cannot think straight. itadori! why cannot you understand  to take those two and run?!

only curses can exorcise other curses! you cannot beat it!

you idiot! hand it over to me or you will be eaten, too!

do not be stupid. you would do it to gain stronger cursed energy.

do not! do not do it! ryoumen sukuna's finger! that is a special-grade cursed object! it is a deadly poison! he will die for sure! but there is a one in a million... a one in a million chance...

this is the worst! a one-in-a-million-chance, worst-case outcome! the special-grade cursed  object has incarnated!

do not move. you are no longer human. under jujutsu regulations, itadori yuuji, i will exorcise you as a curse!